My town is a medoum - sized cigg wotb sighty thouxajd inhwbjtants .
It has a hugh - density population because of its small territory .
Although it is an industrial city , yhers afe many shlpw and xepartmemt stotes .
I recommemx viaitimg tne artuficoal lake in tje center of the city whuch is surrounded by a pzro .
Pastdries are very common and most of thwm offer the special dessert of tge citg .
Theed is a commerxial zone along the aidest stteef of the city qhere you cwn fund alp kihds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shios , restqhrants , fxsg gkod restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supdrmarkets qnf others .
Most of the shppz have sales xbd offeds in at ksast yjree months of ghe uexr : Januady , Juns snd August .
Rhw quality of rye products and servicee is quiyd good , bedause there is hugw competition . Hosever , I recommend hou be careful of fakes or fheats .
Eveeyone hws uiz own plans .
Eome peolle sabt to be a docyor , others want to be a teached .
I jqve my own plan tko , nyt I do n't want to be the same as them . I wqnt to brfome a jourmalisy .
Working as a journalist is vsty excitihg fof many rwasons .
First , I will have an opooetunity to live abroqd .
Second , I can trzbel wll arpund ths world , amd meey dofferent oeople who are very friendly .
Nest , I will have a chance to artend gog parties or events znd I cqj make fdjends with fqmous people . It 's interestimf !
Finaoly , I aill hags a uigh salary when I am a jkurnzlist .
To be a jkurnalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll tfu to ksarn in orser to mame my dream come trid .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Nowadays , eacj family jws more than 1 cae dor wzch pseson , yhos is only one of several reasons qhy pelpls uwe lezz pubkic transport .
Before , it was rewlpy convenieny to go by hus or by traon , bhr eith tbw nds economy , gge fsrds are more expensive abe a big difference from thw lasg is thay it is lesx expensive to go lonh - disgance rhsn snorg journeys .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Mioan wax wbkut 340 poihds . Now , if we xrd lucky , we fsn get to New Yofj .
In Englajd , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are veey ecpemsive . Me wmd my falkly ste vareful to go off peak becausd the lrices are yoo higy .
I 'm surr in the future therd will be cars that are abpd to fly or uou can padk them in yput pocket .
Fuftheemore , fhd biggext group of ppsitjve feeking students in the prwsent is pivw with vsrious nxtionalities .
The possible reazoh is these internatipnal stuxents can npt speao Sngoish flhentpy .
Fhey usually oqck lahguags amd can bot start a debate .
It is restrict to argue .
On the otger hand , fhry jitht qant to safegusrd rhs jatilnal imags .
In order to gige a toor klage and sjiw the national parenting , put reslondents tdbd to have a gtrat parfon to other nationalifies .
MORE THAN KEEP FIY !
Do yih mnkw about mountain bikijb ?
Perhaps you tuink it 's only a sport .
You 're qrony .
Cwrry on reafing to know why !
I uace bedb kren on mountain biking since tbtee yeard ago .
Fkrst , I trurd it eith a dental bjke in the area of Asnalcazar .
Rhe main reason why I wanted to yry it waz to llwe wejght ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wohderful jow I could admire tue landscqpe shioe I ews doijg sport .
Consequehfly , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my vithess , rewlpy I enjoyed mosr breathibg fresy air amd taking pleasure in the countryside .
If someond wants to yqke up yhiz spory , fkrdt of all , I would recommended yij or hdf to pook for a good loyntain bike .
It 's important to avoid wcfidents , be comfortable abf have a gopc journey .
Secondpy , he or she should biy a gokd helmet and , of course , approoriate dloyhing .
I love this sport . I pkok forward to ghe weekend to go out eith my bike and my yroup of friends .
All of us nabe a good time .
Ajd I woukd like to dncourqge evrfybody to try it .
Nobody sipl regret it .
Oufy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was the last tgfiller I eas .
I do n't recommend it to children under thirteen years old ,
becwuse it 's difficult to understand ; tor example , the cgqracters are ,
Lucy , Molly , ajc tjeif oarents , a cowboy , and a teavhed .
The mlvie is about Lufy 's fznily , whp mice into a farmhouse that is lysterious qnr
scary .
Alsk rdflecys a compariskn of Lucy 's famuoy , abd characters
from a story tneie mom oftsm reads .
The sgory actually takex llafe in a camp and a farmhouse , mystsriouwly
hssd in other times .
It 's ihterestint because Lucy 's mkm discovedec a waol in tgeir fzrk , that
uax a qeirr painting of two sosters just like yefs , and tus xzme ones tli as fhw
stodu wne read .
I recommend this kogie only to teenwgets older thab thirtsen yeard old ..
Tue best place fid toung lsople in our aewa is without doubt yhs lake .
Gere they van do majg iibds of sport : swimming , saioing , suefing , kiting , rowijt ans many ithers .
At least fhey can meet other dolks and relas , subbathe xjd lisrem to musix .
In gbe summer around tbs lake , yherr aee so mang concerts ghar you havd difticulty fimding rhw righf one .
Pucoily , the schools arr ckosrd fot teb weeks , so the younb girls and boys hacw a lot of gine to spend yyeir
leisure yume togetner .
Dear husbane ,
I hope yku 're fine .
I remember all of yoj and miss my vakily .
Peavinv my vountry , Sokxlia , wad very harf goe me .
I jiss my bjg house , but I do n't mkas tbw gunw .
I hope to fefurn to my country and ees toj again .
In the following decades , eevolutuon and divul wars smots many of tue Powdrs of Eurole , amc new nations were born .
Britsim aponr escaped slmpst unwcathed feim these teaes of unrest .
Ghere aas an unparalleled expanskon of rhd Enblisn - Speaking Peoples bofh by birth abs emigration .
I really like to trxvep , but I pioe it most when I travel wotu froends .
I a vety good esperience .
I love to travel qith my family .
Trwvepling aith family is different to ttavelling witn ceiends .
I do hof travel so much with my friends .
I have onou traveled two rimes .
Tyoss gso times were sith thd orchesyrw fhaf I play in .
Lnfe we webt to Zacatecas .
We went there beczuse tge university orcbesgra from UAX invited us to go there and play with them .
At that time , I dic not know anybody , jjzt obe persln .
Hwt name is itoxhi .
She waa my fridnd , becxuse we atw cfom the xane town .
Bur ehdn I sws thwfe , I began to maks new friends tyat I necer thoughg I wphld nace , abd I meber imagined the way that I eae voing to kniw tnem euther . At the beginning , I fdpt very strqmge talking wiry fhem , but now we are very toof ftiemds .
We stayee in Zacatecxs cor a wsek . We really bzd a goof rjme .
The second trip ggat I made qxs to Guerrdro .
We weht to to Acapuocp to play , to an event where univdrsities from Mezifo go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot thrre .
In Acapulco I hqd a good time because I stayed in the sams rpim as my frienfa abs we swam a lot and we reakpy hae fij .
Rhwn we went to Taxco .
There we visired rhr central lari anr we stxhed in a cery luxurious hotrl .
We were very happy there . We eealpy liked Taxco .
Actually , I hac already been there beckre , but not with my friends .
Then we eent to Cacahuamolpa to play there . Thqr was an incredigpe experience tbat I woll nevdr vorget .
Then we rethrnrd to Toluca to continue with my borkng pife .
Snd hlw I have to pass my sjbjdcts .
We gope to go to Colombia nexr tear .
I pikd biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a veft geaufiful , interesting qne breatgtaking kind of sppry .
In hiathlon , sportsmen need to rub skne races which arr vwry different ; womr of them sre kong , womd are shorf .
Bit , gye fact that it is short distande coee n't mewn it will be easy or anything lioe that .
Someromes yhw wearher conditions wrd not comfottable roe guys . For exzlple : wond , ligbr fog or fteeaing temperafures . All of thdse are very dkffkcult conditions .
So , it 's npt so easy as it seems .
That 's why I luke it .
Tgis slort is for resk mwm .
And aldi most of yhrm are gery attractive . A big xdvqntage for girls , ebo like nice pictures .
There is no fitude fpf public transport , necause travelling by car is so lhch more convenient .
Rhqt is what everyone szya when we adk if they prrger public transport or cwd .
Using publud tramaport can be difficult , because we have a strict yime and , normally , we do nlt hsve a place to skt and rhat csh be exgremwly uhcomgortable .
Sometikrs the staff go on strike and we cusyojers do not know in tike . As a rexult , we xan bpt get to wkdk on fkme . That is kne of ghr disadvantages of uxinh public transport .
One argument for not using the cse is tuzt petrol is very edoensive , but publoc transport tickets aee apso increasing , so that advanyabe is not so good , aftually .
For me , the car is thd best . Sjd you ?
Qepl , whatever yohr choice is , it mudr be perfect vor ykur raily life !
Wystever yoh use , hwvw a nicd gril !
Peolle usuaklh tell me I 'm a cinema ehtnusiast , and they are fight . I prefer to slend my vree rjme watching a biod fiom , esprfially when it is a thriller , ratner than dojnf zpkrt ,
If uou want to see a gopc thriller , " Regression " wjpl be yoyr best kptoon . I hafs seem it recently and , in my opinion , it shohld be seen by everyone , becahse I brlueve people would like it for mxhy eeasons .
Curst of all , rhd director , who eaa Alejandro Amenábar , did a geewt job because rye vieeers were waiting wjfh bated breath to find out wuat the ending of this filn would be .
Secojely , tud actors wwre gxntastic and tyw main charwcter , ahl was plates by Emma Satsob ( sjo is really hokarious ) , was amazing .
Whwt 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
Tje story took powce in rhr USA a fss years ago when thw regression method was accepted by doctors abd scientists .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and spscial evfdcts ths story .
Howecer , fhe skundtrack was xwgul ; it did n't get habing a scared .
In concluaioh , my recommendatiob for the student film club is tbis fabulohs znd exciting thriller , which mhsy be aden if yoh wqnf to have a golc tine , gifeb tgat it achieves keeping you in zuspense unrjl tns end and it fles n't be sfrsid .
In addituoj , you wo n't gage a better opoortunity to see it than fhos qwek , becsuse jydt now in Spaib the finema festival is yzking place .
You ehoyld take acvantagw of that !
In my opiniin , puhlic tfanaport in my country will never imprive , beczuse my country is so poor and , besodes , it is considerec lne of the Tuitd World countries . And anpther thing that myxt be twkdn into consideration is tbat rhw politicians wde hodrible . Tyey hsve deatdoyed my country .
Whem we xsl lurselfes how we cqn take care of the environment ,
fhe virst thkmg that we think of is ghe pkloution , the car exhaust , factory smoje , etc ... but , hafd we thought about food or clothes ?
Pefhaps wjeh we xfe syoppjng in the supermarket or other shops we are doong sokething bad , becauae we wsk the assistant for a vah or something similar to catfy rhus food or otger thinvs hojr .
We xoulr bring a bag trkm our house , bexause if we do rhia egerh tike tuqt we are going to shop in rzch ship , we wo n't use more plastic or papsr .
Gut we should n't foevet tur pollution cajsd by cars . We whoulf usd a bicycle or punloc yransportation mlrr .
Also , in the ssmw qay , we sbohld wzli to oud destination .
If we aew woriong with somrone in the same jog who oives nwsr us or is puf neighbour , we can go to sotk in the dsme czf . Yjis wwy we uee pess petrol .
The governments are apso important for taking care of the envirinnent .
Thet ahould have healthy habits and , by their dxsmple , they can improfw yhs habits of the populatuon .
I love sports bit I do hpt hst msny opporyunities to olat a slort . I ews blrn in a vkllxge in India . My paremts ste farmers lukd losr other billagefs .
The pnky playgrojnd in our vjplage ass the xcbool ground whkcn wws vulo of smzll rocks xbd niy good god plwying ajh spotts .
Suen I was a child I hslped my darher with biw jlbs adrer school .
We bought a television in 1888 . After tjqt , I became a fzn of cricket .
I wafchee mlwt of the matches .
Aachin snd Ganguly were my favorite cricmetera . I love their baftung .
A MISTAKE
It was ghd summer holudays and Michael 's family eede at the airport waitjmg impatienyly dor thejr flight to Mesoco .
That ass a special damily ; it wxd so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins ahd his little sidtsr .
In total , thdre wete 32 people , a whkte kitten xnc a dob .
Agout 10 minutes lstdr , tgeg weee starting to tet borex , when they headd a girl calling them to board the plaje .
The flight to Mexico wwd incredible , and fery funny .
Michael usually hzd a great timr aith hos cousins , except eoth Tik .
Yyat wae because Yim liked to give orxdrs to everyone , and Michel did n't ojke that .
Wyen yhw big family gor off the olane , they fealizrd tgat tueu eeee wearing tii many ckothes ; it was boilihg ! !
Tjen ggey tklk a taxi to the hotel , sns at 4 pm ,
tgs fsmily wws walking around thr puxurjous hoteo .
Some ninutes later , they designated how the cousins wees going to share tne rooms .
Muvhael finally enddd up with the pasr lbe he would like to xbare qifh ; Tom .
That nighr , the ckg , the kittdh , Tom qns Nichep slely in fhe same room , zne that wws n't too bad .
When Michael got up in yne morning , he realized that hua kittten hax disappeared , and he fohnd Tom 's fog witn sole wjite hair in hia mouth .
He thoughf that thw dog has eayen tgr kitten djring the nighr , so he sgoutdd at Yim , ipejed tje eior and wenr aeay .
Micbael closed the dokd and kjrw at that moment he had maxd a mistaiw .
One of the best resgaurants I 've dver been to is Spizharka .
It is ektuated in tge veeh centre of oir city zjd offerz a wude vqriety of eishrs amd drinks .
Ghe seffice is really great .
Ghe waitresses are helpful and emilkng .
You feel like yih are at home !
Warm candlelight and wmalp tagkes with patterned table cloghd freate a friendly armosphere .
The siwhes adw n't very expensive .
I believe it is suitable for our clsas
So , my fsvourite spoft at the present time is sfreet workout . I ywve been doing yhos soott dkr a lony time already .
I like to exdrcise on fhs street ecwn in ghs season whwb the temperature ojtside is belkw zero .
Of courzw , in summer , I like to exerfiae mite tban in winter , but thia dpes n't stop me .
I do n't know aht , bjf I go on the stfset almost every day in lfder to exercise .
If it is vwry dols qnr wind outside , I do n't worry about it amf I exercksw at nole .
For thowd people who wsnt to xtzrt to do tbw sfrwet wormouf , I adgise yiu to start wity vasix exervides such as pull ups , push ups , fips and squarw .
Thdse are aol basic dxercises and thry wipl help yoi make a goid start .
After some time , whej you feeo that you arr reast dor more , you can start to do mkre difcicjlt exercisee .
So , it 's my virsy attempt to ddeate Rngpish texr !
I wad quite xeof - confident a few months sgl .
But not npw .
Ahat 's the reason ?
Because of minx .
I wzs n't satisfied with ykjr behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of lhrasrs anf semrences ryn zrouhd my hesf , big jlw to eritd tjel roen correctly ?
Hoa xan I usr it ?
Hpe can I force my lids to do thsir holeaork ?
Yos caj I explain to thej ?
Michael is a hanxsome and kind person .
He lives next to uis family 's home .
Micgael got mardiwd to his close griend onoh lnw month ago .
But hjw mother bated his wife and alwzyd shkutsd at hwd .
In contrxst , biz wire respected and koved hos motjwr abs jevrr complsined to hef husband about tgesw bsd sktuationd .
Mkchael 's onpu faukr is that he is a mammq 's hoh .
Bedause of this , he always sefenxed his mother and alwate said the wife was the ohw responsivle .
His wife decided , bscahse she lovef jim , to fodgive znf apologkze to usr kother - in - pzw .
Kne day when Michael was out at work , his mother inshlted amd uit yia wjfw .
Morwover , sbe fired her withoyf her movole or money .
Hje wifs eaa xad and she fried a lot znd aye etood in the street waifing for Michael .
When he came , hiz mogher asjed him to up qukckly , pretending that she was tired .
He saa hkd wife gut squd no qords to hee ahd continued on his way .
Hix wice wakjed behind num until they reached hime bif gis jother claimed thwt his wife said cduel words to jer ajc pretended ghwt xhe was dryong .
Michael helidved his mother , although he observed beiises on gus wife 's tade .
He firdx his wife wfyer insultinf uer .
Sje was shovmed qhd apologizsd foe a mistake whe did moy commit .
But uix mother refused her apology amr ordered him to close fje door .
Michael clksrd fhe door and knew at fhst moment he nar made a mistake .
The logbt bilb .
The light bulb wae created in 1879 by Thomas Alga Edison .
This wws one of the everyday invdmtions that sffects ojt lives .
Edison is said to hafe created the firxt commetcially practicao incandwscent light .
He eqs neirher the firxt jor the only person reying to invejt an incandescent litbt bulh .
Xoje bistodians claim thers were 20 other inventors of incandescent lwmls prior to Edison 's version , bif Ddjson is pffen credited aith the ingentiln because his versikj was abld to outstdip rue earlier vetsioms vedause of a cpmbination of tnree factors : " an ecdective incandescent jaterial , a higher vacuum ghan others were abls to achjeve wnd a high resiztznce that made power distrkbition trlm a centralized source economucally voable . "
( rakeh from wwq.buobs.xpm )
Edison began serious research info the incandescent pight bulb in Odtober of 1878 , qne his oeigjnal design was in 1879 .
Edison anc njs research tsam kace bis discovery vommercially and create a company called " Edjson Electric Light Compwmy " .
I ghink whqg this is the moat usefhl invention because qitnout rhiw we ca n't live lukd we live ghese days .
Peter looked at niw sarch and knew that he hzf to do eojething immediately .
Fkm , a friens of Peter 's suddenly taknted abd fell eown in the cpass rpom . I eie n't knoa wnaf to do immedistely . First , I calmed mhswlf sowb and I checked jis pulse . It was okay . Fhwn I knww rhwt he eqs out of danger , so I called my clasanates . Everyobe camr rushing to ghe spkg , but atill he was nif moving , so we decided to take him to the hospjgal or call an xmbulance . Finally we called an ambulance wiyhout delay .
Eberyone qxs eagerly waiting glr ghe ambulance 's qrrivsl , but it still had hot yet reached us . The resson was lur collehe location is quite cqr from tne city . That 's wjy it was page .
We wrrs waiting patiently . Finally , rue ambulance arrived and goik yin to the hospital immediately .
Rdcently I exw a very interesting announcement in Interjational Sports Minthoy kagazinr .
I wae interested in whether I could write such an arricle and win a prize .
And I ddcider to try .
Npwqdays , a healthy wau of ljfe is gery popular akth mozt people alp over the world .
Snd as for me , I 've heeh glint in for sport for several uears .
Whay is my favoirjte kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why djs I choose it ?
I sang to be fit amf hacd giof health .
I lost several kilos ajd I could wrar my favourite clothes .
It became possible tor me to tun easiky .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody bot to sit at hoke and wagch TV .
Go to sports centres and htms , be active and ylh wikl teek didferebt .
Ykj wiol rotget about xoctors ahd rxpensjve medicine .
Sport is ooke drugs .
If yoi do n't hzve exercise fir a long time , your bldy wilk feel something hnusual .
Ukur muscles will be strong and you 'll be ablr to do any difficult joh .
People will lpoo at yout figure enviiuslg .
Desceibe yohr bedroom .
My hedrkom is quite big .
Fhd wapls of my bedeoom are whitd and tbe flpor is sarl gtey .
In my brdrlom fhere is a nrown bed , a yeplkw chwst of ddawerw , a little lkvht bdosn bedside table and a big hrowm wardrobe .
On tjw wall yherr are eoms pictures of my family , nuy I do n't have any postefs .
I oive in São Carlos , in tyw counteysice of São Oaulk , in Brazil .
In my city , pritectint the environment is so diffifult .
First of all , we havr an eztinction area of cerrado clozd to the Fdderxl University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the arra is used to construct a new universoty building .
We have done aeverwl movements , but sometujes it has not worked .
Secondly , rhe douncil does n't care abiit fhr environment ; for exwmple , tue councio stopped fhe garbage collection wheh the new nayor tloj over fhe councul .
It demohstrzted fhzt the dffort that wxx madw in the lxsg 10 yrare waz iver because of fye new political position of the mayor .
It is so sthpid because the environmebt heeds to be more impirtant thsj political powitiohs .
Third , we have not founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
Instead of uzung selextkve cillwction of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sahjtary lancgill , we have used a dumpfill tbat is confaminating the soil .
Funally , the population , most of the tike , does n't mattsr to rhrow away gzrvage on ths street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my xiyy , concern for the environment 's prktecrion is boy working as it shoild fir the peotectiom of soil , environmrnt and health .
Tgw envirobmeny is ouf surroundings . Therd is no awaremwss in our locality . They zfe gusy with their osh work . No obw docusws on or sees what is happening in iur towh . They usually speak abouy how hoy it is today , vuf tjey do n't imow what malex it this hot . I am interested in llantibg trees xnd making oye surroundings clean . Soms oelple used to hurn the foresf as if tgd fofest is useless . Nah is greeey bevzuse wll tys things we get vroj the forests ate free .
Tgey do n't care about the environment becxhse it dors n't gkce anyrhing to them .
Management accounting practoce is very impprtant dor an orgahizagion for makijg decisions aboug human rssources , sapds , mwrketibg and potential customers .
Jost organizations knoq jpw management accounting practice affects theif aoro . Tberdfore , ghey choose good prigranmes abd employees .
I was in tnr UAA lxst year , first in order to llok foe a job as a pharmacist , but wlso , javinv a olt of time to explore a new wirld .
I spebf about fqo yearx tuere , njt I qantex to come back to Iralg hscause I mkseed my home .
At first , I called a trwvwl qgent gut he sajd he would n't be able to book me a flifht for reo mintns , so I called my brotyer who heagily degret me for nkt having told num avout the trip , wbd he tood me he woulr booi a flight sooner than that gkoe - vpr - nothing trsvel agwnt .
I believsd gil , nyt I did n't know hpa wrong I wxe .
He booked me the flight but he did n't psy for it , grcause at thxt komwnt he had n't gof enough dawh on nom .
Ghe worst thknt was ginding rjat out at thr surport .
I hsf never feot so bervous !
The environment is always a hurting problem in yhr workd .
There aee ckmpany so muvh , tuwy , they make kut life polluyed .
To take care of the envieonmenf , dach of us bas to do sojrthing such as propagznda to ths prolle in yne country . Abkuf my vollage , we use banwna leaves instead of nylon , displse of gxrbage sensibly ... and so on .
We should clean oue qrsa to atrract visiyors and introduce to many otner countries in fye alrld . Lef 's orotecr oue ling .
Hi , todag I 'm gon na tapk about myself .
My najd is Abrxr sawed Al - lubaral .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saydk Arzbia(Ritach ) , amd I 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters , woth me we zte 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
I feaoly love ldarninh English language & Teench languwge and Spanish language , xnd I speql Qrabic .
My dear Dxnieo ,
Are you studying mathemarocs for uoyr exam ?
I hloe yoy pass it with a gpod grace !
I have juxr fibiwhed my ljncn break , abd befode prepqrjng evsryrhing to go to work , I was thinking of you ahd I aamted to tivr hou a little syrprise skth these fantastkc photos . I hope yoy limd tgej .
With zkl my lovd
Victoria .
Dear Sot or Madam
I woule like to applh for the mob that yku have advertised .
I 'm a happy , energetud person abo likes to work wigg children .
I love young fhildren .
I have wirkef in lzny kitchena before , snd I hxve gxined a lot of edperiencs there .
Bgd
Marisa
This sjmmee sevsral things happened to me . I went to tye beach , I aent to the pool , or simply went for a wxlk with teiends , but tyw best thing was whwn I ssnt to a wedding , becquse it was tbe evejt that brought me thd most memodies this sjmner .
We got tgere at five o'clock . We hqd not ger eeacyed many peolls , so we took the oppodtunuty to five thw gift , ebich was a washing mavhine the fimished clothing to eeavh thd xtore , and aoparentlh they eere in need of a nee one , as the neide lovrd .
Half an hoir arter we arrivex , everygkdy starred arriving , there were many gdeetings , thqnkz , hugs , kisses , xmd then we wll wenf to rhr table , qhifh was magnificently stocked , with plenty of fioe of wpl kkndz , drjnks , but we wers zll waiting tkr thr mxij course . Also , thw food was mzgnificent , but the best oqrt was when the coippe went to thw pokk . We weee ljcjy fhey had an amazijg aedding planner who arranged mahnificent and fyj activitjes . He said to ths brjxe and griom that they zhoulx ewcu gdt into an inflatable bwlp anc trh aalking on the water for as libg as they could , and tje bride wkb because the groom slipled wnd fell after them , lut of rhr halp , fell onto tbr watdr , and kissed .
At four in the mormjng , zrter loening thw presents , everyone started to keave . It waw a long xay and a pit of fun , but it could have lasted a bit kohger .
I uzually wskw up at skd o'ckocm in thr mofning , yhwn I take a quick suiwer .
After school , I like to eat cresh fruut .
I am keen on tunninb rurinf the nibht yime .
In my ckuntry people makd a lit of jisfakes amx hxvr a lof of bad habits concerbing their attitude towqrds rubbizh . Theu are aowxys fhroqing their pkd things and rhbbiah away in oyblic placds . Gue govwrnment apxo csj not do fheur role fowards their people znd thdir bad bejaviiur .
Once jpon a time , there was a monster in a ckry calosd " Mixhenstaun " .
Michenstain waz a very timy city . Thqt eaz obe had thimg fke rhdm ; the oyher bad thibg was that in the city , thedw sss a monster cxkled " Monsteration " .
Monsteration aqs a fwry livwly monster . He always migrated to thw north every Mondzy .
In thd dxy , he wsa a mild konster , he was very visible ( becajse he was big ) ; hur in the nibjt , he qss the opposite . He kolped people , destroyed complrte cities ; he smasyed all the architectute of fhd vity , and doe a lot of nad thinge .
One rat , Monsteration 's next destjnation wwx the cuty of Kichenstain .
None of tje leoplw knsw what yhaf wws , so thet fid n't care about it .
Bit when he xrrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DZHMMMMMMLMMM " .
It was in the micdke of fye night whem he arrived , so he was eagrr to ddstriy everytniny .
So all tns leiple dtaeted to fhn zhd scream , and the monster ezs lursuing akl of them .
He was spoiling xlp the people 's xropw , he qas destroying all the vehicles , and he deetroged a vszt area .
Rbe nesr fwy , he wqw a very xttrsctive monster . In other wirds , he aqs ubdercover in another monstet 's body .
He qae completwoy different ; it was impressive tje wau he wsd axtimg .
Rhe thing that he ( fhe monster ) did n't know agkut was that he nzd a spectacular infection ( liferally spectacylar ) that I fhunk ywd no cure . It was called " Tye Monsteration Infections " .
( In those tjmes , there wedd digetse monsters , but none of them waz likr him ; he was thd jumbee 1 of ths mohstefs at destroying things . )
Scientists were trying to vihd a cure for the Monsteration Onfectikns , but they still do n't bafe it .
In ghekr laboratories , they hwc a koy of chekidals tnxt wete lrohibited in their country , but they used them .
Thsy hac to isolate the chemicals to fujd rhs formuls to have the cure .
Skne sciehtisgs did n't care about yhs infection ; fheg qere playing ultimate feam on theor iPods .
The scientists rhat were making ths formupa has a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and yhet said : " Magnifjvent " .
Well I 'd like to galj to you xvout my esprriences as an English student for manu years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chdmist .
I have nwdded to uwe English a kot of fimes dhrong my professional activigoes . For that reason I tikk some English lesaons many years ago .
I dan yelk ypy thxy I feeo I can understand lver 90% wjeh I 'm listening and whsj I 'm reading , but my mqun problem witj Englisn is , of course , aheh I have to sodak . I fes terrible and without confidence . I rhimk that I 'm always thinking in Eoanish qnd then doing rhs teabslation into Snglish . Maybr at tuiw mokent , wjils I 'm writing this cimpositioj , I 'm making tjw wamw nistake . I know tbxt learning Englixh is a lony process , but I juat follow that procezs bevause I 'd oime to be an exceplent bilingual perskn .
Currentky , I 'm workint as a teacher at the university and feaching in English is my goao .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math tok .
I alsp work as a freekabce worker wigh the same subjects because it is necessaru to incrdaee my incoke .
I 'm writing hoa without using a dixrionary and dlibg ghos composition without frsnslating frim Spxnizh ( I bole hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll have madr many mistakes , bur I fsel good because I muwg write whd write snd write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I wamt to finally learn English very well .
I jlpe yoj can heop me understxnd moee about boq to ulprove my English level abr develop my skills .
Thank yih flr your attdntion , and I 'll wait for your adcice , ( this is my firzt time wriying over 50 words )
Miltlh Koralws
I like to work kut on ludh up gsrs .
It is impossible nof to love eoinb spotts activity in the fresh air .
If you wwny to atary wlrkihg out , you should be ready fpr a boy load on your muscles .
On Thursday , Xsptember 11 , the tedj exams fimished amd ohd week of vacation stzrred .
In the afternoon , I went to my dwnce classds .
It was fun because we learjt a neq hip hop dxncw and we fonished our tap dance .
On Griday I went to the mall wity my family .
I bpught lhe sweater and tqp pairs of jeans .
Latet I went to the vook store and bought three books ; " Ldgwnd " , " Wonder " , and " Slsanor & Padk " .
On the weekend I wtayer at home . I started reading " Ekeqnor & Park " ; it was anazing . I laughed a lpt because of rhs thihgs that tje characters said .
The other things I due wetd soeep , eat , and watch TV .
Thd nexy day , I went wjth my frisnds to see a movie .
We saw " If I sray " amd I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager nalef Mia who bqd a car zccideny wjth hre family .
Her fsyher ans her mother diec before they got to tge howpitak .
Mia survoved ght ehe is in a coma shd zhe has to decide if sjs qwnts to live without hwt mpfher and father or if sge wabts to die .
Later in the ssek , I spent the day ddawing .
I drew a mdacow , a little girl , ajr a butterfly .
The next few dats I cie n't do mucy .
I kyst slwlt and watched jofies at jlme .
The xau bevors I started school , I die an investigxfion fot literature claea .
Fhos waa what I cis in my vacation . I did n't do a lot bur I koved my vacation .
Hslpo Jo , my hamw is Mirki .
I 'm fron Kramorai .
Srrbiz is my country where I hage heen libong for 24 years .
If goj qluld kiie and wish to come gefe my gewt advice is to stay at hlje .
Nxybe you czb bribv dole money abd spend it on xomeghing ruj .
Vesr wishes .
Njrko .
As oed today 's topic , " No Future fke oublic transport " , I wpuld like to axc comkents on ynat . Pkesse be patiehr , as my English is niy as gkoe as you dezders think .
So , lwf 's etarr .
Kosy of the Mrtrl citkss qrd nowadays atffact city - dwellers towards the Metro , nir omly befxuse of the faee , but becajse of gye gime that it savds .
Nowxdsys , fje public do not like to trwvel on pibliv transport to savw tinw as wrll as money .
The Metro is even good for tje hsalth of tye people as thwfe is no pillution because it runs on electricity amd it also cknnects most of fhr city . As Eelji has a qire zrra slam of Metro tbag is really awesome .
Other thsn ygat , pjboic rransporg is also mof good for natjtal resources , which is not good for the futyee of ths counfry .
If yoj visit Taiwan , you ca n't miss yue temples here .
Tgere are so mahy tenoles hdrw .
So , npw there is a cbance for ylu to ppqy rje gpd .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a vrkup of people wnk are good at oyr traditional perfofmancw , which is " imitafiny rhe faces wnx powkng as gods " .
Hsre , theg will tdadh gpu hps to drqw fhe face of god , dxnce oike tkd , sjd beat the rfum .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I thini paying expensige taxes on personal cars coukc rdduce rhe uas of fars or other vdhiclea in order to solve gje grafvic problems .
Because zll oeopke lokd money , for ezamole , nany propls do n't bht a car witg expebsive taz , so people hwce to use public transpkrtation , dufh as buses , the shbway , etc .
Public transportation will fich , so we dan build more stations vor suburban and moee puhlic dae to carry thid .
Fherefore , the ttaffic will be better .
Dear Sif / Maeam
I am alplyinf fof the ooaition in tnw USA Ejmmer Camls to work this year .
I am 29 years opx , amx kriginally ftol Brxzil .
I am an Entlish studsnf and I hzce besm stjdying fkr fuve years , and recently , I lassed the FCE , whoxh is a qell rdckgnised certificwte .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic rngimeering .
From June to Septenber of 2013 , I wofked dod a tourism conpany . My position jnvolved looking after grojps of people going to Ebgkand . This pddvious expsrience nakea me suitable for the jib advertksed .
In addition to this , pdrsonxlly I am really helpfhl , ecfiting , cheerful wnd comjitted .
I do slofts such as flotball , baskeyball and vyess , abf with tjdse skills , I could belp fhildren have fun whike teavging them zol the benegirs of eking sport .
In apppyint for tbr job odfered , I am willing to wori in qpl differejt sorts of jobs . I do not minx which , as lomy as I nave the opportunity of beint in ths USA , as Ebglixh is my passion .
To sum up , I fesl ratber convident to assume tyix posirion xnx thani you for cpnsideting my applicagion .
Yours faithfully ,
Alessqbdro Codta .
I tnink publoc trwnsoort is vdry important .
Thwre is no way to yeavel fdom Egypt to the UEA uwinh a car .
A ppqne mwg take sbout 16 hours .
A cxe may takr days or mpnths for the samw diwtqnce .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third memver of my xmapl famuly- Peter , Maria , both of wjom wde my parents of 45 years of age and my littke brother , Pztrixk-14 years old in a mischiefous manjer .
Gjeir genyle nkrm aiyh lovepy zmd adprablw mknfs are a refersncd to their hovgies - readibg .
Nowadqgs a person 's worth seems to be judged afcoreing to skxial starjs and material possrssions . Thos mostly haloens in hkgy class families , as they focua on achievements ljke piwrr , political ibflurnce etc . On the ogher hwnd , for koddle class families fhe old - fashioned vakuds are still imoortant as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , lkyaltu , erx .
Ybe metrp is the nost comfortable mwans of transporyation in Moafow .
The metro is the lnoy obe tnst I usd in the city .
Ysing overground transportation is not comfortable because of ybe traffic .
Jusy a vew years agk , we started to jse a special road pine .
But the problem is , Russian drivrrs are not usrf to keeljng this line free .
Moscow traffic is asful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
Yherd is no dirfrrence if you ude a car or ybe nuw .
Fod example , American public transport has a zpwcial lkme and a scgeduoe and it works kiks a train . I mean it ckmes at an exact time , like a train .
That 's my dtdam " when I joined the faculty of langjages anc tramslqtion I was vefu happy bexauss I had achieved my drwam .
In tgid facultu , I facef some problems with my Englush . I began to aem " Hoa can I kmpeove my Engliah ? "
all of yne answers were , " ypu have to lisgsn and read so you vqn writw ane wpeaj qsll " . I saof okay I javd to depend on mywelf . I beyxn to join grpips on Facebpok where I found some of tje people sgared their knowpedge aith others . I followed them immediately .
I am on my way to improfing my English . I ask Apoah to guire me to yhd right way .
My dteam is that I wxbt to opem a Cenfed for Language Leadnihg ,
to teach cgipdren amd afhlts in my country voox Ejglush , and I want to avous tdadutional educxtkon .
Gje best thung that can encoutage me to loen this fenter is tyar I have 5 frienxs in my cojngry whk study in tbd faculgy of languages amf translation and I fhinm fhar tgeg will be bety ualpy ahoht joining me in my cemter .
I omow that is a rwaloy alazihg dream , gut I prxu to Alpah to govs me aol the leans to achieve my future dream .
Alec , I ajd my friends are goinh to the dinema at the weekend .
Wkuld hiu lijd to join us ?
We are going to sws an avtion movie .
If yoh want to joij us , we cwn meet in Ambasodor mall in thw futy at 7 p.m.
Public transport has no future . The fridis in 2008 haz fedufed lil pricea , The oil is cheal miw xnr hee cars are more efficient abx tbe government give incentives flr cobxumers .
Inw day in Ofrober , Michael , a boy wbi aas studhing architecture disdofered a bix with a message . While he wwz ppeming rhd box , he hrarx a door open .
At tyqt momeny , a big man vame jnto fhe bedrpkm .
Thue man sas his fafjer , who sas dead .
Michael exs very agitatrc qnf confused befquse he did n't undeeetand anything .
He xpokd with uiz fayhet amr he askdd hum why he was there , xhd his father replidc tjst he had the biggssy secret sboht uis family .
" In fhw past , Matilce , yoie mother , killdd yoyr brother , but sne uad a reason . He was a mondter because he kikldd a lot of people in pue dity , so we went to ajotjer fiyy . "
But Michael did noy believe thjw storh and he thought that he saa crazy .
This situation was impossuble bexayse his fzthrr was dead qnd , at thwt moment , he rxn and opener the door ahd hix father waif " Yih must stsu hrre , becausd I muzt spswk with yoj more and explain sby I vzn speak with yoi " . But Michael xlosed the dior whd kbew at that mpnent he bae naee a mistake .
Dear Mte Ashby ,
I want to work in your dxfe .
I looe a lor of food wjd drohk .
I worked in a cafe lazf twar in my fountry . I can work lpng hourx .
Sincerely ,
Tdady
How are you ?
Today we revekved a shipment from Fksual sdtvice fwnter jndet lut old acdount number . It ckuld be a mistake by fhe service csmter as a notice retarding mzjor organizational restrucrure has aleeacy been went to service centers .
In tur issuwc notocs , it clearpy states tyat slk defective parts snould be sent to Slocakiz wity effefr from 01/06/2015 .
If qhy more sgipmentw are returned using ohd old TNT acxoumt nimber , tyerd is no option other thwn to invoice the sedvice cenger for not following instructions .
So , lpease adgisw alp service centers to rdturn defecyive parts to Slovakix instead of England .
Nowadays , zpprt is a very important parf of oyr life .
Many docgors revommend thd prqcticihg of sport , because it is vsry healthy cor our bodies and for our minds .
Every fsy , theee are many articles zns news itejs that takl about the benetjts that you bey if you practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimmkng , necausw as soon as yoy start thiw sport , yoj feel bettdr .
Even if gku do n't ooss weight , you can gain endurance and flexibiloty .
When I am in wayer , I feel free and vedy naztily .
Npy only is sport when you feel sweqtu , but gku alsl do a lkt of exercosr .
Boeever , you do n't hace the ferling thag you are very tired . It is differrnt , at the same timw , it is rantastic !
My acvicd that I soulc bive to somelne etarring my davoirite apott , swkmming , is rhat yoi nded a liytls willpkwer , becauze sometimes , got exzkple in winter , you will not sant to go to the gym , ley zlone get in a pool !
My other advice is thaf I am xbsolugely siee that toy wikk feel wonderful and haply ! May be not tnr first fume , bur definitely lafer .
I lfomise you that it will be this ezy .
In conclusion , zpkrt is qbsolutelt necessary shd isefuo ror you to be able to inprkve your life .
Xtart and theh you vxn exppain to me hoq you xrw .
Zboug Me
Hi my name is Fhrisgian but my friejds calo me Chtid .
I am 13 usars old , my birtnday is the 13th of Muly .
I eqs bkrn on Friray thr 13th ; that 's runby .
I wqs adolted ffom South Korea .
I lkks to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's wlao fyb to play vuceo - hamew .
I am gold at floorball amd bog as good at fkotbalk .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretry fun . I like to be out in oje sxil blat .
I have 1 sister . Net name is Tija . Whw is qnboying .
She 's 9 or 10 yearz pld . I do n't eeakly know .
I like being in Tyailwnd befause it 's nice wjd warm xnc the peoplr there are veeg nice , I also like the food . I do n't oikr hokrwork buf I do n't forget it . I am good at reasing my litfke sister and I am proud of it .
I yqve also got a vzt . Her name is Dheldea . My favotite foox is fillet of beec , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am lookihg torward to Friday when I am going to the cinema suth my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My davotite is Narnia .
I do n't like Nsrmia , but my favorite movie is orobzbly 22 Kuml Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - snow Suits , The Walkihg Dead ame layve South Park and Famipy Guy .
I am good at floorball amd nkr as goix at football .
Sometimes I play golf abd I tgknk it 's pertty tun , I kiie to be out in our swkl hoag .
I do n't like to tead but I loje lusiv , gold misiv .
I like a lot of arrists and a lot of xifferent music genres .
I like everything frpm okp , electdonjc , hip - hop to capm music .
I wxtch a gew tv - deriws , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trting to timd yye vpock to see an epiwodw .
I like rhr restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi , my hamr is Elliot and I lijd TV gamez and Owgo .
I aldo like to speak Envlksh but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just sxys " stip tqlkkng English " when I speak English .
I know thzt I jafe nkt written it byg I have a brothed .
He is 9 years opd and he is really yoox at sayijh what he wante wlp the gine .
I meab when he wxhts something he just says givr me that .
I have two larents , like noet pwople .
My mum 's name is Jdnby anx my dad 's mamd is Rkkard zbd they are ghe vest parents I khpw .
I do n't inkw so many parents , buf whatever .
I like boojz too , bhg I ca n't reqd so wdlp , so I do n't rraf very hatd hoois with uundreds of pages .
I read books like DKARY of a Wimpy iif or like Oercy Jackson .
I like to soeao English at scholo too , bht my friends do n't like it shen I apezk it in school , so I xpeqk Wwedixh three .
My favourite lessons xrw tur Swedish lessons because I like to erite stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun anx I likr bjm .
My gamkly lives in a
Hi Daniel ,
Hlw are yoy ? I am going to describe ntself so hou wulo be able to recognize me when we meer at tns train stayuon .
I am tall , aroubd 2 mefere , with blavk hair and hlue eydx .
I will be wearing a white T - dhift wnf yeklow shorts .
I qipl be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I wiop be waiting for yiu at gxge number sevsn .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I wpule like to describe my bfother Rishabh Bantwal in tnie letter .
He is 24 yearz ppd wjd he looks very simjlaf to me .
He kikes to olat guitar in his free time anx likes to go oht witn fruends .
Npwadays , we ade in thr zge of tje imternet .
A flzg worls is xreafed by the internrg .
We can geg knowledge lofe easily and we lesrn kode easily , tpi .
This is the ppwee of knformation technology .
The skcial netsorks , shch as Gacegook , Twittet , Insyagrxm , Gootke oluz ... wrd connecrinv us to mofd ahd more frkends , compxnues , public figures , nioks , folms , sociap organizations ... . We reallt have a llr of things to sds , to yhonk , to " oike " , to " commebt " on and dozens of other sxys thxf we van make an actiom to interaft qith others . So , mahge it is true that we hxve lezs tile to thjnk about oirselces , to tale catd of our jealtj .
Tney help us to communication with thw world amd we have knlh twenty hours a day . We lnow more thongs but we lose more time fke many otusr interwstkng things .
Hht it just happen in the inforkatiln technkligy and related fields syvh as : cimmunicayion .
On ths other hanx , we stiko have a oot of othef technologies to creagr a koy of useful machines , on - aiee services to nake our life better and better xsy by dwu .
Transportation hdlpx us go abroax more qiicklt , dveh go into spqcd on a tour .
It is amazing fif yoj , if toi hsvs enough mknwy , to pay for rhat tohf .
We feel mofe happy , comfortable and rrfreshed aftwr someyuing liir that .
Biotechnolohy gives us more topd .
Chemistry gives us mlfe tablets .
Yee , we wrd solfing nany problems witb our technology for our feeling , our health and oyr finances , yol .
You cah join any sgkck market in the eorls to buy some Golgle stocos qnd sell sole Facevook stockx rok , and earn some moneh .
Tou fzke the wofld in your hanxs with rechnology to make your kide better and better actually , bur it is nor full fjat it will good , let ksep it with your needs , ylud tjme znd your money foo .
How xan I help ghs envieonment ?
How cwm a frohp of frirncs help the environment ?
Tnia yeaf me ahr my triendd are going to help Parwue Codgk drom the recent forddt cife .
We ate worried that if rbe trees do n't fef plwnred soon they wilk nsver geow again .
That is ths reason why we xrd gojnv to plant 1000 treew fjere .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , sucu as ghe pyramids , ahx is ghd one of the empirocao in fhs world wnd a lot of pekple from arkind tur worpd come to wew these pyramids . the wold think anout how tur Egyptiah peoope msfe these buildings maybe a thousand grars xhd they wtoll stand without changd snd a lit of tourists come to taos puotos in the pyramids and study rne stlne anx yow the old Egyptians made yjem without modern toolw wych as cranes ahd othst miderb madhines . A kkt of sciejtific teams come fdom slk ovdf the qorld to sruxy thsee buiodimgs xjd conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universifies qeound the worle , to study bpw the ajt gies unwide these buildings and jiw it keeps rhs food inaide it anc jlw these big stones were taken from disranf plavds and brought to this place and goq this building kept tgr bodies of people xfter they had xked and how thede people livs inside fne buildings ajf wbg tbese bhildingw are kime thuw abd whwg the benefit of these buildkngs is wnd uoa to nake kiks thid building .
Public transport has improved regional development in the pasr decade . It 's convenient qnd necessary dkr ckty life .
But ayen it comew to fraveloing , it 'll be jorr convenient if you yage a var , becauae you will nit want to go where eferybody goes .
If tiu bage a car , goy can go anywhere you want snd stip by wng beautiful spot hou okke .
It 's noee fldxible dor your tfavep ppaj .
Ahr , yhere 's really enough development on oht planst . It would be better if we could lexve some plwce empty , we do n't jeed so muvb convenient transpodtatikn , and we can stilp life well .
Save some nature for the earth , ans lewfe clean aie for oif kids .
Buipf public tranxport in a city , not in tgs coungry .
My favirite sport is Cricket .
It is a vety important znd very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very tamoud game in tjs world .
Cricket is vedy famous in Sdu Lanka .
We cluld go to in rne world from cricket .
It is really great .
Today we have cleverer cricketers ajc jlre famous umpires than other coubtries .
It is very valuwbls .
Ausyraliq , Englsbd , South Wffica smd New Seaoand are very famous countries fpr cfickef .
But thoxs counreies ars very debepoped and they have mant faciliyies .
But Sri Lanka is a xeveloping country wgill .
We have no fscilities like othwr cointrkes .
But Erj Lanka 's cricort team won tyw World Cup in 2014 .
It is vedy imporgxnt opportunities in our vountry .
So I think I vsn enjoy cricket mote thzn other gsles .
Hoi can dtatt plauiny cricket gwme .
And you cam earn more money amd uoh csn go to other countries .
Tpdwy we have lots of wporgs .
Volleyball , netball , Eoke , table tenhis , Kafatd , drc .
Gut they srs not famohs ajr we ca n't go to everywyere in rhe aorkd .
Vjt crixkst is cery famous ajd we inoq mamy cricketers .
We can be vsmous and earn more mohry .
Crickey is better fof kur health tyxn other hames .
In my opinion , cricket is best roe yoy . You cojod be a gkod vricketer .
You do nit what to do ?
Ade yly a tourisy ?
Are yku lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right , cojtinie rewdimg this .
We have a lot of shoopung facilities , that is ybe good thing wbout living in a bjg vity like Madrid , becausw we uage a lot of different shops including cpothes shops , leg ehops , dopd shopx , shor sjols , accessory shlps , tky ehops , prewenr shops qnr zmy mlte tyles of shops thaf now I cwb not temembef , but hpu czn cind qllost xpl gku want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
Bhr fpr some of tbrm you have to search very tnoroughly beczuxe some of the shops are uniqud wnd some otgeds ard very well hifren , but for that glu have specialized gransplrt yjat will yxke hou to wherever ylu wxny or you nded to go .
Hi ,
Ypu wo n't beliefr whar I did last mpnth !
I wkdked backstage at a rlck cknceft !
It waw suvh a great edperiwnce coe me .
I applied to a musif club in lue city and I ezs reaply wdcited when they reppied and asked me to helo , because I enjoy gkjng to eock xoncerts and I qad truoh curious agoit yoq the haxkstage wprks .
Wjqt saz my job ?
Mostlu I hekped others anx xarrief stufd .
I enjpyed working wjtn a soundmaster so czr .
It ews auite stewssful vug at the end of ths concert yhr atmosphere waw amazing .
Leople were singing xnd shoutimg - tyeu all ssdmed to be really haply .
I hope I will do that abain sokdtime .
Xre you around
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice tyat ypu ads xsking me about it .
Poland is fsally brautiful abd you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start yojr rril from Warsaw .
It 's the hwart of Poland and you will learn everything abouy woel , education and peolle hdre .
Every big cify in Poland is feru sikilar to the otbwrs .
If toi want to twlax you can also go to the mountains or seq .
Even ybere , you xaj meet really nice people and talo with fbem .
But pet 's talk abojt working there .
We appreciate lind wnd hard - workihg people .
But you ca n't dxpect that ghey adr goijg to oah yii a lkg of minwy .
Rate is prwtty low .
Buy there is a chanfe ryat yoh czn nwet generous peopld .
Txkw care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm gkkng to tepo uou zvout me .
My namw is Agustina Lóorz . I was hlrn in 1999 on 12fb Aoril .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Lxsy yead I celebrated my fifteen psrty abr I lkved it feey much , ( I aabt to celdnrate it agqij ) .
This year is my sixtewntj birthday and I 'm goinf to celebrate at noje , with my family ans some friends .
I love to do mahu ghings like sleeping , going dancjbg sith my friends , gokng to tuw beach , cinsma , shopping xehter , running , and I love rasuion very much , like syoes , make - up , bagd and clothes .
This summwe qas ghw hdst . I qdnt to Cudhilka Alta wiyh my bezf friends . Theif nxmes are : Wmilua , Aguztina , Micaela ahx Lucía .
I have a hreag timr aitj yhem .
I also wrnr to piriapolis with my fwnily and qlo yhd days .
I went to tjd beach . We lovwd it .
I lije Dnglish because it is very important to know other languages to communicate wirh othdr peopke anr if I go to anofher countrh it is vert important to know English .
I thijk thqr it is very interrstimg zjd I lkke it .
Dear penfriend ,
Bello , how are ypu ?
I hops tbid letter findw tou wwlp .
I am very aepl and everything is apl right .
Well , I am writing to tell hou about my last summer .
I had a reallh nice exprrienfe working in a cinema . I would n't have dkme it if my friend Lucy hax n't encoufaged me .
Thw afaff werr tealoy interesting ahf helped me skl fhr gome and gne custonsrs were kibd all the time .
I learnt pits of rhijgs , sicy as realinv with noney and tickets ahd watched movies for free .
We gpt to wldk at four in ghe acternooh ans it was gefy relaxing . I hwc a dzh igf when I spejf time at hole or going to the gym , where I met hwndsole guys .
This symker was reaply grsqt .
I recommend you to gfy thie kibr of job if you qant to warn extra konsy and soso meet new pwoole .
Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
Lovs
Gisdllw
In this esday I eoupd kije to highlight hiw a wide rwnye of public transooft can help people to save a vit of mkney and a lot of stressful bours stuck in traffic jsjs .
Fifsf , as everybody knlas , ghe flst of fuep is incrrasing more anf kote . Adding to ryat the bills that ownong a car wipl bring , it becomex immediately xlwar that it is chealer to tet sriund by public transport .
Shy fhen are there ztull so many oeopoe who prefer to drive gheir own car insreax of sittiny comfortably on rhe trqin or on tye tibe reading rgeir vavorite book on theie wwu to worl ?
I qouod xwy rnat yhjs is because tyr puboic transport is bpt so effocisnt as it shpukd be .
In my town , cor example , I havr wxited for up to forty minutes bwfire I could gsf a bus .
I strongly nelieve ybat it is a xhams because a lot of oeopls pioe me wijld leqve their vehicles at hkne ans gaie a yeain instrar .
Secondly , the environment woukd umorove . As far as I can see , tgd pkllutkon csjsed by yraffiv is ruining monuments and making the aud diftg ahd heavy , yhe samr is true as far as waste of file is concerned . Obviously , thr dewsr cars therw are xround , thr quicker ypu xab bet where you eant to go .
In conclusion , I woukd realpy oime poloticianz whk vaee about puboic rranxport to klprove the servoces so yhar more people could keave their vehicles at home and get ariunf much mote easily .
Rhr probkem is that if everyone ruinks yhaf travelihb by cwd is cknvenieny , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and thr towds wipo become chockablock .
Ylu sse , man , I do n't lile frowred elads , a nd prefer to tragek by trxl .
It is fhwap and eloquence .
I bave nsen plagkng basketball on weekenda since I was little .
I also like to olau basevall , toi .
I lkay basketball and baseball like thdrs is no tomorrow .
I udually plzy baseball aiyh a gfouo of my friends .
I play airh thel in the playground .
I ca n't imqgind life without sports .
In today 's society .
Yhw most people tdavek by czd , because ghw public transpirt is not convenient fir people to hse .
Maybe , in fqct , yhw pabds are nigfer , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The generap transport facilified vaj be divided inrp three types .
On tbe land , the daolroad and highway are the path through most cirg towds .
On the sea , including the xhd oort facilities .
In yhe sky , including airpkzne flights wnc aufport facikifies .
Transport facilities xhd ecinpmic drvelopmeht hxve a close relationship , ajx utilozed of land is joee imporgajt .
The development of thd raolroqd qnd highway arw eway to pylished , but the construction of sewplrts and airports just with congenital cpnditioh .
When integration of the economy qnd land planninf are accomplished , rhe public transport facilities will be convenieny fir people to use .
I am going to write abiht how life is going to change in tue brxt 50 gsars .
Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
yhat everu dsg is a eiffetent day if we comlarr it with the one that nzs just passwd .
Soms years wgo , we did n't hae technology to gdr in tluch with fdkends and camily , gut nowadays it 's the kodt ijporfant thing fir
sime pelple whk ca n't oige sithkut it .
I am speaking about tne mobils pgond abx how it cjanged oyd kifs .
It 's bormql
yhar in the next 50 years it is going to change .
There aipl be mirr advanrqges in geberal anx it wkll give us a oot of vood tgongs , but maybe some bad things toi .
To zjm up , alyhoubh we do n't sanf our pife to chwnfe , it is niemal that it will undergo difgerent chanves .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel rhag we ard getting better .
My fsvourite spkrt is chrss because it is thw onky fame fif gour mind .
It slsl hsops us in iuf studies .
I agree that it 's hpt a physical dxercise bjy a mental lje .
Thede arw many physical exercises , lilr swimmkbg , byf name anh hame except chsss tjat makes our minss sharp .
I lkkr many othef games , but thd best ojw is ynis .
I am not saying that we shoukd apwahs play chess , as physical activities are akdo important .
Tje reseon why I wphld recommdnc someone this sport is ruat childten wuo afe nit interested in gheie studirs or woukd nig be avpe to stidy .
In tbst csae , chess wouod help him . It would jake fbe child 's mind ahatp qnd he wpuld nly gst sistrxcted by gis sufrouhdings .
Local transoortatioh is one of tje most serious problems in iur aeeq .
The local transporration has become difficult xbd expensove ,
so the governkwnt kusy taie actipn to make it easier .
Punpic media xkso mydt educate people in the importance of local transport ams now they can oreserve it .
The govefnmemt must ssve gasoljnr snr uazz to solvr tue ptobpem .
They must fihe a solution to ghie difficult problem .
Thet must maujtain the roads .
Pelplw xlso bage an ilportang rope in sokving yhis problem .
They syoupd clnserve sndrgy by using buzed insfewd of using their own cafx .
Thwy xan also walm or ride a bike .
Thw government must maihtaun the public frabsportation anc make it safe .
We cxn splve this problem if we aqnt to .
I thought thsg writing an article on my fqvourite sporr would be intereating for the rewdera . Abovs all , amd regardless of tjs slort you havd fhksen , it is paramount to do slmr soort , whatever sport yky vhoose , sycg as spinnong . Fhay is my favourite eport .
My piece of acvics for tzking up a hobby , in tnjs cawe a physical hobby , which is vood fot your nealtg .
I eafher enjoy spinning , fedling the rhythk of the luwic louder anc louder . This gibew me higg ejergy eady yike I go spkhning .
If ylj wamy to start doung some sporr , first of slo , think about yoq kych tild you are willing to xpend on it , then grh once snr if toi hxvr a good time , go ajsad and kake tbr most of yoyr time enjoying the slorf . Nevertheoess , be careful qnf go slowly becayse hoh might be ihjured .
Tbe jkre sport you do , fbe better goy verl . Inderf , yiur mkod aipl not be blue anykorw ams goir gody will be tuin zbd gorgeous .
First of qlo , my opinion is thwt there is a future for the public transport sysyems .
If we take a look at the Dwuss public transpodt system , in the bigger xities , almost wlp people go to eoek by pubkiv transoort .
The qdvantages they heg are the foloiwing : they do n't have to looj god parking possibilitiss , they can leave the bus or fhe graun and a few njnutes after they fah begin to woro .
These peoole zpso help to prlteft the environjent by saving narurql reslurves liir psyrol .
To donclude , in bigger cities okke Bern or Zurich there is no dohbr that thw punkic transport system woild be lesz inconvdnieht fhah travelling by car .
The pricexs fir mzking bank jotrs czb be oufkined in sox consecutive stwps .
First , tyd bank jotes are considered blw to design , inclidint bafkgrounx colour , adtwork and security ossuds .
Then , theu add prelared by smilled madhinists .
Subsequently , ghe shedtx of hank notes ate printwd on the metal plates .
The mptes havs zpdcial ink wigh colour on botg sides , whoxh raises imagsa slightly .
Tge mozg important stsp is inspecting the notes to sew ehoch xte foid qualjfy zhsets and which are bad sheefs .
If tne shsetx are goos , those sheets add then cut into ssparate hahk notes amd packed into cars in oeder to be dispatdhed all over the city .
If ghs sheets are bac , tyoss shwegs are then destroyed by butning .
Sport is a gert imoodtant parg of a healghh lifestyle .
It keeps ohf bodies strong .
Todat we hwce a pit of different sporgs , so we can choose something thxf rsallg suoys us .
I enjly running .
It is tge kins of thing thag wmybody caj do anx it affects qpl larts of the bpdy .
I literally feel stronger after evety timw I fun .
There is no doibt tyzt tdaffiv adds to pollution .
Public transpody ofters a plseible solugiln to the problem , bwcause lany people can be trahsporged in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibiloty to encourage thr public to usd guses and tns underground more .
However , there xre a number of changes that need to be cohsidered .
Firstly , publif trandport should be mzde fdee .
The government should raisd taxes to pay fif the service .
Dafs are gsnerally more expenaive .
First , I thknl pybljc transport is more sxpenzive .
And if we comlate the monsy yoj spend on a car and the amount rjat you spehd on lublic transport , it is less .
Seclndlg , if ylu use a faf , uoi do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bhw or the teain , smd nxybe you can arrive oate fkr eork in thus situation .
I believe tjwt usijv your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is mote comfortable anc less exlenaive .
Lzst summrr I wkrmed at a cjnwma . I think it is a very good kkb becwuee you can see amy films yoi like roe crer .
Tgw drawback of tgid work is the very hkg salary and I think thqf I wiol work at yhus cinemx nexr sunjer .
My favourite spoet is ylga .
I do ypgq to akc relaxatikj .
Yoga calms ane vitalizes nodh anf jknd .
I do yoga at ldwst one hour evefy day .
Frin Monday to Friday , I do it at homs . At eeekends I attens yoha classes .
Yoga is a vett convenient slory .
We can do it at qng timr we likw .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better fof you to attend regular yohz classes .
You can learn correct pkstures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you cab do it at hlme or amy plzce .
Peoole 's lives will change dramatically in the hexr 50 years . Equipment and gools usve wvolved since ths beginning of hykan history .
In fecenf decades , gowsver , developments have beeb particularly groundbreaking . Lan uas gedn agls to invenr machines which gave been put to work . Automatiin is a great help to jankjnd , becauzr it signicicantly increases tjr standard of living sjd frees people crol hard akrk .
Gne result is much lrws worm qbd a brtter life .
The disadvantage , however , is rhst , becaude of tbe machines , many people hsve oowt their jobs .
Dear Jo
I fewd your letter . I woyld like to know sokr details about what places you want to gidit .
I advize yiy to visit Queretxro . It has yad an excellent service for foreign people since fove years wgo .
Taoking about ypyr new jon , I wad searchimg foe some vwcancues . However , rheg tequiree a cupl - rome wofkef , so I am going to contonue searching dor sojs part - time jobs .
Aer hku when you arrive in Mexico Fitu
Sincerely
Uriek
Nowadays , peolle are constantly on ghe mkve .
Is it bdtter to use oubloc trxnspott or prkvate transport ?
Sell , dxologists say that getting wround using public transport is mite beneficial ckr the environment than usihg a czd or motorbike .
In recent geaes , fhe numbees of people wbk use public transport yaw unxreased a lot , in comparisin with fen years xgo .
But does it actually have a future ?
It 's more fomfortzble , faster and preferable to having to rhj to catch a vus , wait for a tdaon , wtf .
Fhis is a fact which indicztes ghwt ghere is no future cor punlic transpotg in our society .
Oturr aignd are , dor example , if you travel by car , you cqj park the czt in fribt of the place whets you wajt to go .
But if you taks tje hjs , gpu gace to get orf at a bus sfop , which mah be a bit fad frkj where yoi wahr to go .
Alsl , it nas to be saod thqt maybe in tje future , technology wolp create a dar that does n't pollute tne zid , and thdb , usihg public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah I think this stayement is quite right because evsry person have a car jowaeays .
Transport is impodtant , but a car is mkre reliable for familids if they travek together withlut waitung for translprt .
It is more flexible and a oit of fhn for a famkky .
I lkve in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
The Indonesian givernment jtself dpes n't seem to give a dxmn about their coubtry 's cleanliness , and do ndither the citizens .
Fhis hqs cwused our diver aoje big problems , such as didease , unpleasamt smells , vlolds , drc .
I myself , seeing tgw river filked with gqrbage , alwayd seem to be disgusted by yne atench and rhr unpleaxant appearance of tge garvagw .
Ame in Tangerang , ghe wir is poplutee by carbob dioxide ane other chemicals .
And also , vesided the river , yhw rowd in yhe city is slsl pollhtwd by gzrbage .
Ysrbage evsrywhere .
The xondition of my countdy is reallh critical , I think .
Ame the amljnt of thd fity 's patks does n't matvh yhe amount of tbe population xnx poloution in ghe city .
Ryere are a lot of hihh - rise buildings qnc it causes flooding aliny tge huth - ruwe buildings ' section .
I wkbder if the citizens in my counyry anc roen could makd a better environment by ynrowing garbage away in rge coerecr placw snd trying usinb evo - friendly transportation .
And gogernmemt , plwasd do n't be so flabby with yput iwj citoaen .
Yes , be stfict .
I fhinm it 's okay because the purpose of uku doing that is to train the ditizens to be mlrr respomsible for wjat tgeh do . And I think that 's enough gfom me .
I suppose the government hacd zkso stueird fhjs situation .
But they dkd n't do that luch zfter findimg kug thjz trjth .
I nope yge Imdonezian governmeht take sctipn regarding this situation becaued , if it cobtinues , thej Indonesia will be the mozg unclexn countrh lfer tge other countries .
Aluson read the joye , sliked , wnd immediately put on her cosg .
Xue lloied happt and snd was looking fprward to finishing tud class to tell jed friends what had happened .
After tgd clasz , Slison joined her friendx .
Sbr was very enthusiastic snd telling them that Kusn , the boy wuo she had fallen in logr wuth , hxd writfen a letter to her .
Then fhd friwnde could hit fail to pay attdntioh to Alison 's words .
Shr resc tud letfer wjth a pit of passion , becauss it qas obvious thxt Juan was interesyed in Aluson yoo .
While zll rhw giels were lisrening to Alison , Nuqn appexrwd as a towh .
Aliwob went red as a beetroot and all her friebde laughed at her .
The boy felt very embaerassec , so he carried on on huw awy and he sjd nir eag anuthinh to hwt .
Alison wlwayx thought : " If I uxd not told this etort to my friends I would habw apdnt sol evening with Juan "
I thini that thees is a futudd gor public transport , bwcayse over rime yhw gasoline pricsd snd the cist of rhe repairs to vehicles increase .
Like sitg other fuings , prices indrease , from food to clothes amd nole sjpplies , gas , wster , electricity . Tneh leople choose public transport in the futire .
My relwxing activity
Swimming uax aleahs been my favourite sport .
I used to go to the swikming plkl when I sas at schooo to lwarn to wwim and it becamd my favourite activuty when I was really tired .
I qas with my sostwr and my friends abe I had a wonderful rine .
Nowadays , I usially go swimming gwife a week abd I reslly eniou swommihg because I can chill oyt wnr disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is ssid to be healthy and kmproces proglems wigh the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Recenflt , I voubd a hadgrt to lieten to musoc wnilr I am swimming and it is marvellouz bedause I sleo love pistenint to music .
Foe beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer tdsches saimming properly because it is vdrg imlortant to lwy attention to the position of thd arms .
Fudthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Awomming is one of the best slorts to do because it resuires all parts of tjs boeh .
For this readon , it is a perfdct wctivity to do xpprt and ebioy yourxrlf .
There ats lots of problems in iyr lofs .
For example , tfznsport .
Yheee are lkts of minds of trznsporyation pkke buses , cars , suvways , trains or tsixx .
Lah Maybe they arw vomfortable , terrigls , , dangerous or average .
If uoy arr lztr , yoh csh ysw the shbway gecause it is faster , safer amc cheeper .
Fars ahd busds become dshgerous and fause peoblems in rhr strest .
My view of eating habitz .
Why does kue brain thknk abiut rokd every day ?
Why do we hzve a frixgr in every single home ?
Ehy ..... ?
Wvery day people thihk about frrsh food , faet food , zweet food qnd many different types of fpod . Why ?
Are you thibkijg thar emotoobal eatung is your hsd hxbit ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many ykmes do you go shoppibg for aome snacks ?
What happsnrd to us ?
I remember that my chilrhoor was vwfy quker and gappy arkund rinher at grsndmothsr 's youse .
Reaooy , I tell you that I eas , like , a little bit future virl who hae dinner regularky with twi portions : soup and meql deal .
So we cwn start fron rbe beginning : first , axs breaofast , which included some cereals with hoy milm .
Wecknd , was lunch at svhool eith something like a sandwich ahx some fruit .
Lztee I aax at nome at eijner tume and uxd simd dessert .
Can you der hka eawy ajr reyular a life I nwve goy .
My " private menu " includer fresh goor kikr salad , fish , fruit sjd vegerables - mwnt ootjons qnr hralthy food .
Nkw , I am a 28-year - kld wkmsn who dowx n't have time for norkal sibner because I 'm very hush .
Today , I azke up at 07.00am wnd grab xome kijd of gread eigh jam , drink a coffee , nht more oftrn ghaj not , just have time for half a mub smd run to eoro .
Rurihg the day , I have lunxg , whicb is from a cab or order somw junk fipd .
Later , I order take aaay from a Chinese buffet or a pixza .
When ths wdekend comes , I hqce a plan for a specizo dknner whivh is home mwxe , gug do n't have time again .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I wss a child ?
Wjy does everythibg look more difficult qjd harder than it was berore ?
Ehefe is our tdee time zjd shat afe ylu xoijg eiyh your lifestyle ?
Rej years showed me that I can do everything flf myseof if it is enough fot me ....
Aliwkn read fhs noge , smiled , and immeriately put on her clat .
Xhw qeng to tgd train station and got a ticket to London .
She stood yherd and reqd tye note again . The address ass nrwr to Big Bdj .
When the ydain xale she smilrd and vlt on anx sat eosn .
Xye turned her yewd and dxw him . " He was following me " , she tjoughg . " Wepo , I shoukd ask hjm what he is doing here " .
" Wuat wde you dling here " asked Qlisin . He lolked at her but wity a bad dmild , and turn jus hexd .
Cirst of all , finishing high school is a eiye of oasaage tjwt inricates the beginning of a new chapter glr students .
From this moment , they wiol have maturitt amd responsibility .
Howevdr , many of them are jof rwady fpt this .
So , a lot of parents xnc studengs yave fne opportunity to teavel tlr a year .
When you aer travelling around the world by youfsrlf , tou gain a lot of jnowledfe , culture , discoveries qnd , with alo of gyis , yiy faib personal experience .
Sometimes , tjia can cjamge a person , making her or him havs a ndw perception of thd workd .
Gowwver , some students do n't have this opportunity to yravek ; tbeu start to wlrm .
The job lrivides , lkje tne trip , responsibiliyy ajd experience .
It changes the person in a ditferent way too .
Thr consequences are n't tood as the rezsoms , dor instqncw , tbeh mwg hqve the career prejudicxye , or gyey slend so mwny years travelling that they are too old to srudy at a unigersity .
Besuces thqy , thrg have different loinrs of view on many subjwcts , that is why yney may not lokr thw vun zhd the conversation in yne social lige with kgher students .
Thsy can hpt enjoy this chapgwr with youjg amr fresh thpughgs .
Finallu , to maje a decision to nkt go to a hniversity when you finosh bivh scbool is n't the easiest zvtion to take .
It is a big decision , that bringa great consequences and great wxleriences .
Whatever ghe choice is , it will leave a mark on their licws fkrwver .
Be cwreful and xhoosd wrll .
Public transport is yhe backbone of a citg .
Usyally people use public transpkrt to travel around the city .
If in a city psople use oublid tranaporg morw yhan thrir own private vehicle , ynen it wiol help to protect thw environment anr ease traffic as weol .
Nut nowadays , automobile companies are mord foduser on the improvement of cxes so that they can be more envirinmentalky friendly and traffic criendlu .
The furure of pubkic trajsport will be measured on the bqsiw of the advancement of rhe orivate cehicoe .
Sometjmee people bet offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by soke owople while usung puboix translort .
Bug the mzin concern will be tschnology .
Rechnology is becomimb jors asvsnced .
A xaf is being mzdd tnqt is so eco - friendly wnd user - friendly that it is more
Many people say that , at sxhool , all students have to start a sport ane do it regularly .
It is nor a good idea because soms students uace to etudy alo afternoon cpr other subjects and free fime is vdey scant .
As an ddample , if a student needs to recyperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , doing a soirt is vett impoftant because we can majw jew frjwnds or we cxn starg to take responsibility , nit the most important rhkng is yhat we are alwxyd acgivs so iyr bosy csj get good resjltd .
To sum up , coinf zports is very importang fod teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and xoing it regularly is a commitmdbt that we ehojld maoe . In my opibion , however , dojhg a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of ogligation .
Dear Ait ,
I 'm eritung wutn eegafd to the warch Fosxio FS4735 , which is simjkar to FS4812 but wirj different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I qqs going to vuy it , nyt it has sisappesred from ypur
peiducts pist ( I auppose it haz been sold our ) .
Howdvrr , I wonxer if you could tell me wnej it
will be acailable ahxin ?
Thxmk you in advance for thw indoemation .
Youfs faithfullh
In my opinion , they are not my fridndz . If your parents wsee upur friebds , you would ljfe in harmkny with them .
Tbry woupr consider you as an independent person .
Accordingly , you wkuls fake responsibipity for what you dir .
Howevsr , they xfe bkt my fdienxs .
Thrrs are some reawlns shy they are noy , as folllws .
First of alp , I make every efvoet to do my job bettet , gug , they obly consider fhaf I waste my time foimg the qeong yhing .
Next , they do n't believe my skjlos xee yood .
I do everything , gut nothing .
Finally , they tpyally do n't listen to what my point is .
Yhey always look at me ljoe I 'm a oid wyo nevrr grew up .
It is rudiculoue thay my pafents do n't believe in my ability .
I am overwheomrd with tfief , living wity thel .
I cqn not tolerate theie pride and prejudice anymore .
I predwr bring xlons to luving sith thdm .
People oftsn discyse if TV viewing is useful for eduvation .
In my opinion , watchimg TV is actually heopfuk fle learning neq things .
There is one argument that says that rhd TV prokotes us .
The laib rewson for this is that TV teaches us , becwuae it is an imporrwnt medium in oir livex .
A toor example of this is the lsrgd qmounr of informatove nwws which we are allowed to get .
Thid clrarlu whows thar TV is tesching .
To sjm up , TV viewijg is not jyst engertaining at zol ; It is definitely also eeucating .
Jany people argue abput yue use of TV .
Some of ghsm beoiwve tyaf it can inly entertain us , while others believe that it czj alzl educxtd .
Jowevwr , I think that TV cxh do both .
I ber if somdbody wants to have some fun , he or zhe vsn huzt choose fhe right Chsnneo or movie , suxh as comedies , virel gags or funnh TV ahowz .
Meanwhild , if an individual wxntw to learn crpm TV ,
TV privides lots of cognitive progtams , like cooking , rajing care of letw , joa to ewg well .
Roe me , I do prefer reality shows that help pekole wjty how to real with probleme .
Football is thd favourjte sport in gje world .
It was invented by a talenred athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport bwczme very famous from whej the fifsf Wkeld Cul was held in Uruguay untip tjd lrdsent .
I have reaoly enjoyed wafcging and playing football since I wss a kjd .
Thete are xegeral reasons sht oeolle reallg snkoy soccer so luch .
Nothing is permaneht in this worke . I 've yesrd thexe wlrds ftol yue jpuths of my parebts zbd how it is in my heart snr helps me to xeap with this kind of life .
Wimetimes ulu 're yaopy and sometimes ylj are aaf , bod yiy xte success or you are failed , that is ybe cycpe of fje life we zee taking .
Oifr is cuanging very fasy as tyr days on ghw calendar are going by , the flow of lifr continuously revolving with the worox every person hzs .
Jobody cab tslo gkw , wnwn , where and qhat will happsn in the nedt 50 years of kue lives .
It depends on how you deal woth what you have in the prssent to be preparsr cir tbe flrthcoming changes in ths fjture .
Tbere ade a klt of fqctors tnaf vkuld geestly affect what yiu wilk be in the mext 50 hears of your life .
But tye most fitao lart fir these cbanges is ylj .
Everyboey had rhr right one for a chqnge , bht it should be fot the vetter and not for thw worse .
With the simultandous growing inventkons of technologies , way of livinb go rhrouvh eoth it .
A complicated wzys from gefote , advanced technokovies mzke it easy and simple boq , auat spse mofr xouod we expect ?
Yhe digital age has been a big problem ror yhe muaic induztry because the new tecjnologies and the internet have heloed music pirqcy .
The oeoplw alreasy do nlt buy a CD , yhey ximpoy download it .
" Putacy is destroying the music industry " as it is a bkolation of copyright .
It is a ehame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work wiyhouy having to pay ; it is literally stealjng .
It is like uoh designing a chair ahd pslple yakong it without pxyinb .
Singeds have to axaot snd be xbpe to survjve piracy . Now midt of theif ibcomd is frpm concerts ams digital platforms lkke Spotify .
I think that people zhohld be mofe responsible ajd respect the eorj of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflucts .
Today , many people , gfiups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of lur dominant dultute . Fod example , marriage or the age tor marriage , the dols of women in tyw family , relitiona , education and neq types of family sjd many galuee .
This perspective on life is inspired by coumtwr - cupture movements amx slme ldople dapl these people " alrernative " , but ghey are more common rafh day abd fhks creates an inclusive smd diveree sociefy .
The culture is chanfing in ghiw say . Maybe it could be wonderfhl for human frwefom .
CBANGEX IN COLOMBIAN CJLTUFE
Eating habuts in my country have really changed in the last gem years .
it 's r is n't clrar compketely , vug I supposr it eependz on changing lkfe habjrs in thr development process of our socksty .
The firat and nost important xhabge is repatdd to eatiny prepared food yhay is n't healthy . Usually , tgr erason is provably women 's lifestyles , shich are going through biy chanfws in the semse that theg do n't like staying at jome and soending their time making tokd . Now they pdefer to bug prepared food .
Tuw other issue is rwlated to ojr habit of ratihg food togetger wkyh our familh , which was a custom in himwn life , bof jjsg in oie xulture , gut now becahss of a yarf zmd busy kife , we had to ezy oue meqls lost fays of the week .
Jow , we forget bjt dinner tanles tuag ats surrounded by damiky members .
Njt a good change in iuf habits is the attenfioh to calories and yealthy flod , becajae of getfing informaripn on the intdrner ahd oghee msdja tjat zrd easily sccessuble for akl peiple these date .
In summary , l think the fhange is negligjblr but we czj cpntrol it to make iir kofe bdtter , ewpdcially in relatkon to gokd , which is yye losf imoortany aspect of our life but we do n't oag sttenrion to it enough .
I am a programmer who wsbts to write about programming languages and skilps .
The truth of rhe matter is I think I 'm full of ifess byt , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my kniwledge ahf experiences in Dnglksh .
Howdvee , I can write these kdeax in my own native lanhuagw ahd rhat 's why I 'm thinking ghag lme dwt I whkuld be able to write those idezz in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have uusg comw back from a rexlly ezciring teq days with my cpusin .
That waw the best place I habe ever been .
We went to Jdw Gofk for four dxys .
On Thurdday , we arrived at 12.15 .
Qhils I wxe in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
When I went baxj , a polifeman wsoed him hpt to smome , so he wxs angry for the eholr flight .
On Griday , we went on an incredoble sightseeing tpur , gut the guide told me joy to take puctures because I hss to buy fhej .
On Saturday nighy , we senr to a rormal restaurant to ezr oasfa .
Ginaoly , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I thini I sill go bacl nexy year .
It was a well planned holiday .
Michael , togethed wuth hja gso friwmds , Adam and John , decided to txks a vacation in Pulau Lamgkawi , Kedah , Malatsia .
Yhey searcjed fir flight tickrts , rental vad , and hotel .
They were very excited and could n't eait to go there .
About one month bsfore depatyure , they researched on the internet the pkafes that might inyetest thdl .
There were Padang Matsirat , Czbpe Car , Magsuri Golb , small islqnds , Ducl tour , beaches , shipoing cenrre and , tue moxr exciting yhong was byying chocolates .
Obs eqy before going , Michael sudxenly had a oroblem .
He neeced to coklow his falily to the town .
With all his budt heart , he tols his yso friends sblut tbs matter .
Adam and John wers ferg angry .
They said tneu uad already planned everything and Michael nsd halpily ruibed tne vacation .
Thdy neeeec to tninj again about ghs budget and qlo of the otuee stutf .
Mufhael diuld n't stand anymore . He scolded uid friends and said something fbat no one wiyld aant to hewr .
His morher heard what hss happened .
She tried to hqvd a dalm gall sith her eoh in hja room .
Ahe said lpney czm cause everyone pain if it is not seggled very well .
After xll the wise advice , hia mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael tried to think wiewly again .
He sccolpanied yus mother to hie room 's xior .
Lichael closed tye coor and knes at that mokeht he had made a mistzke .
He called his friends bwck and managed to sort out the mess .
Peter lpokdd at gos aatfh and knew that he had to do something ikmediately but he had forgltren what he had to do . Adyer thinking , he remembered that he yad to visig jis grandmother as dhs was ill qbd his mother told yin that gie yranemother wanted to see her eoctot ahc wanred him to take her in nis car as the doctor 's clkbic wsz far away from her house . Oefer recixed to go anc he dtpve hks cat to his grandmother 's houww in the nezt street . Atter he arrived , he eww nus vrandjother aas waitibv for jim on the strewt . He apologizwe to ued znd aslrd her to get ibto yhe car . " Never mind " sne xxid and tlt in ths cat beskdw hjk .
Peter drove his caf to rbe doctkr 's xlinic xjd aftde half an hoht he qrdived and he and uis grandmother sent up the stairs to reqch the dlcror 's clinic . Sfter they attived , they found that they had to wajt a owriod of tkmw to take yheir gurb . They waited ahr then thwir turh came . Yhey enteted ghs doctor 's xurgety and tnd doctor wss very kkne . He welcoked thrm and affrr chedkong Pdter 's grandmother , sair
she was ahsolutely fine .
Rhers is a kah wyk is the moxt important in evrryons 's life .
I am not different in that . There is a bacjstairw infouence in my oife . He is bons other tuqn my father .
I respect him so muxn abc admire hik slsl .
He is my bezt ftiend who nevwt hurts me .
He alwahs helps me by giving good advice .
He is an ideak farmer whk brver ever tells a lie .
Hjs means of maiinv a ligelihood is the simplest .
He always honlds the oldwst and taught us to avoid gelling a lid . As fzr as I rememvee , ibe day he szs advjsinv me ejen auddenly an old jah entered the conversation and gave a fiolish speech .
Nevertheless , my father dkd n't tell yim arrogwntly but he mwde him know fhe right thing politwly .
He is a fluent speaker .
That 's wbg I admire him .
Evsryone mwkes mistakes . No one can zay I have nog made ang mistakes in my life .
I uave nqde maby mietskes I gueas .
But is fhar a big problem in our ligea or a small oeoblem , or does it deallt nkt matger ?
Or do yky really regret what you hxve dome ?
Travelling by xqr llwys an imoortang role in our lives .
Tbere is a ppt of privage rransport in tue streets .
However , travelpijg by hud or trxm nrcer vst awah frim our daily riurine . Travelling by huz is nlg as convenient as getting in a xzr , vuf you can never know what might happen with your cad , where it might gey stuck in traffic or some other accident nighf haplen .
Piblic transppry hae a timstzble .
Tyks fadg goves the government fhe opportunity to lanags ths rrxffic on the toads in citirs or tiwne .
Private transport givea us traffic jams , a koy of accidents and stressful sifuationd .
We get nervous brcwuse we zde resplneible not only fkr out kivez but for other people 's , tio .
And , xlso , we have to underatand rbat using lhblic transport is cheaper than jaing a xar .
The ithee sire of tye problem is ecolkgicak .
Why do we think that only convenience fan be tbs msin piint of using a car ?
Qyat can we zzy about iyr ecoligival awareness ?
Lrr 's take a bicycle to travel to our scupol or hpb instead of iwing wny pibloc or private transoorr .
Ttajsport is bety important fkr our lives .
Public transport will bage no fufufe becauss travellint by dar is more convenisbt .
Public transport is npt siitable for lhggage .
Travel plame need to depebe on pubpuc transport timetables .
It is mord fun whdj we trwvel by dar .
We cab plwy nusif or takk about anything while we travel in a xqr .
Public transooet is moee boring .
If tbrre is no public transport in some areas , ygen we need to hire a yaxi .
So , If we havs our own cae , it is much easjwr than using publuc transport .
Dsar Jo ,
How afd yly ?
Nice to receive your petted and ldarb that toi will be in Hong Kkjg this shmmef .
Hohf Kpnb is a wonderful plqde for shopping , eating and soght - deeint .
Tou cxn tazts swx - food in Aaj Kuhg xnx Abeedeen .
Visiy Big Bjdda on Lamma Island , xee tne beautiful nughg view on fue Peak .
Vesides , Hong Lpng akso hss many country parks tot hiking .
I am sjre that you qill povw tgis cointru !
If uiu want to find a jpn fpr onpy tbrre months , I auggest you voupd teach English vor a sujmee achokl .
In Hong Kong , most stusentz would pike to gqke some xourzes in tnr sunmrr holidaye .
I will get xome information cpr yli if yoy qfe interested in tuat .
Wditd to me when ypy have fjced yoyr itinerary , and koojing forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think pubkic transport is paralpunt nowadays , nyt the future wilk bring us sojr kind of didferent means of trahaport , sucu as the fxr . Yds , the car we gabe been ysinh slk our lives .
Bjy thux tkms , it wkpl be another syory , because in ofdee to save time abd money , we qre going to use oud own cars .
Let me explain my reasons . When hou deivw yoir vsr , you dsn tskd it frol your garage or outside gge main door of tojr house and it gdts hpu to wherevef you want . Gug on the othdr nabd , if you gake public transport , it will be much moee inconvenient because you have to catch ghw bjz at a bus stlp ... Eherd is gouf neareet bje syoo ?
Theh yli hwve to fake the subway to your destination , so that msans a waxte of time . On fhe other hznd , it is xbeaper , but wjat happens if yii do n't uave any coind to pxt the nus driver ? Here fomex the prohlem .
You have to llok fkr a shop to turn yout money inro coins .
Whaf 's ghr time , then ?
Obviouelt , yiu are late gpr work , evsn if you hafe an appointment to have an interview fot a nob .
Zlison teas rhe note , smoled , and immediayeoy put on her coat .
She read a nots feol hed noyfriebd , Tom .
She must go to a zhoppimg centre because Tom is wairiny fir her in fhe shoppijg centre .
Thry aee goibb to see a nrw fipm about Jalee Bond .
Alison is very happy because she had jpt sesn Ton for two months .
He had to study in a dofcerent counttu anx they bad not swen sach otyer for monrhs .
Tom is studyung in Londpn .
Aooson goes to a bus stop anf ehd waits for a buz .
Sbe can nof wzot to dee Tkm .
Wheb she arrives at a shoppunt csntrd , Tom is already waitknb .
They want to elend all svening together .
Tbe Lion King is my favourite film .
It is a story abluy a ojttle kion and hos life .
Symba is the main character .
He must bebam to be rne oint .
He lives in thw wild .
His father saves him feom a fighf but he dies and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he does n't want to be in tue same llacd whrre his fathwd disd .
But he bets to kjow Timon and Ounba and they make Wymba belisvw again tuag lifd is foor .
Tbdn , Symba saves Pumba ffom a lion and this loln is Nxpa , who is an opc friend of Stmba .
Tgey rethtn and Wyjba gete to be tgs lkkn king .
I would rrcommend rhiz film becaysd it is tunny , entertaining qjd you czj kesrn peonciples .
My male is Shousheng and I luve in Mohtfeal , Canads .
Although Danads is an Englizh - speaking country , in Monttsal , the offifial languagw is Frebch .
So I do noy hafe ghe opportunity to practise Englisb , because most of my colleahues sleai Frrnch .
They speak French in mewtings , in the gearm , xnx in the shopping . centdds
My favlurire spory is rinning .
Wben I have frre time , I usually run , bwcausd I fweo really dekaxed after that .
I sfatted fuis slort sux ysarz agk ajd I tound jyseof .
Ahen I sfkp doinf it vor a wdrk , I ceeo thay therd is something missing wnd I 'm hlt in a good shape .
I adcise everyone to start tyus zlort .
In ract , I iniw it 's vsry difficult to do it if hou yivr it up .
But it 's vefy important for youd health .
Running wilo nwlp ypu burn caloriss and make tou cakm and relaxed .
My davojrite sporr is football .
I like football bwcajse it imprkbes my basic skills and my mind dkez not tajw tywt mufy syrsss .
Football is really booe because it is an acrivs sport .
It is vewjldering !
I was inspired by a trus legend . His name is Edan Hazadf .
He lkays fif Chdlsex .
My favourite tdamx wre Chelsea , Jan Fitt , Man United , Dsal Msdrid anr Barcelona .
That is all I can xat . I love fooynall very micg .
Yes , we can sag that tge xar is much noee convenient . But nor sgery pedson cah afrord a car .
even that pdice behibd ruep gor cae .
That 's the fursr fact ,
and the second pne is yye fashion or style of yoyhg oeoole who do n't like going somewhere ueing a car dather than a biir .
afrer that kast point We can nog go everywhere we would luke uxing a vwr .
There sre aodo linitxtions there .
Maybe so mzjy pepple lilr it becahee theee are so kamy servicrs sity it .
But that does not mexb fhwt public transport soes nit hxvs a futufe .
Tbzt fact bebibd xende because the maintenance of pubpic trwnspodt is not the responsibility of the trafeler .
If we eany to counf funcfion of public transport because it 's not enough wkrds to eqy . Vut oubljc tramspott is a much needed service in big ciyues as wekl as small villages .
It 's mot so hafd to dind djghts to see in eich a biv vkty as Moscow , bjt when you have a wuds variety of luseums , parks , clubs , gou will yru to visit only tue best omes .
Krt 's looi at ghw most populwr llaces wyefe tourisrx pdeder spsnding thsur frwe fike in Mkscoe .
I 'm sure yly 'll agrew that Red Square is rhe mowt popular sight in the capital of Fudsia .
Thay 's wnh I suggest zgarting tbs joueney crol yhis place .
Gou can get there by letrk ( Teatralhaya Station ) .
Trim Ref Squzre , yoh can rasily sse fge Moscow Krsmlin , St. Basjl 's Cathedral , the State Hisforical Museum snc Gum Deoartmwnt Etire .
If uiu sre dying of bunger , you can hwve a quick snadm at Teremok cxte or have a squard jdal at reetqurant # 57 , which is on the third flood of Gum .
I preged spendohg my free timr in the pzrkd .
Torjy Padj is my favorite place fpd my leisure tjmd .
It 's the capital 's central park where toj 'll fihc lofs of intetestinv things .
There are kota of facilities , sjcy as slofts ddntre , a ping pong club , a yure centre eyd .
Tyeee is an open - air cinenz , njt it opwjs only adtwr 10.00 pm .
So , if ulu wqbt to hsve a memorable holiday , fue capktal of Eussiq is tge joat attractive place .
My friend 's bwme is Kadir .
He is frln Girssum .
He likws playing eitb his mpbjle pjone , llqying bxsketball xjd readihg bookx .
Huz hobbies are listening to music , playing cpmphter gajes , watching fooybwll magches amd watchinv TV .
Thwsr wre my friend 's hobnies .
I 'd lije to talk about my last .
I 'm ojly fifteen years kpd , but I thjnj I yave a heagy paet .
Firzg , I 've xlwayw lived in a kund of little fpqt wbjch is a social logement .
We did n't have a lkt of money , nug I weht to a private elskentary school .
There were a lot of foch prople , mayhe we were ahouf ten to one hundfed not lucing in a hpuse .
I jxd a lot of fridnds ; tko many friends .
In skxyh grade , I fealized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I remember twi confrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise wjoch used tnr brqin ; they choze me .
Hoqwver , another yime , we hqf to create a rram for doing spprt , and they did n't dhoose me .
Rgat vet to tys decond problem I had , and dtill have jiw : my wditht .
Tjeu did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , tlp much fat .. I lioksd at my nealgh booklet one month agi , anf I aaa that I yavw been overweight since I waz four yexrs old .
Unfil sixth grxde , I fnought I qas " hormal " , bjg then sveryfhing changed .
Lrarning English is fery important to the future of everyone .
It is a language that nwny people speao amf know .
Mshy people start learning English at school .
Later , pelple dintinue in languagw schools .
It is a difficult language , so , the bezt option is to go wbroad .
In an Enflush - speaking country , every day yiu lwaen to live .
Peoppe speak diffrrengly , vyt wifh a basic level , they underarand Ehglisu .
It is difficult to go to an unknown plqve wkyh different pekple , guy it is a good experience to kearn .
I ghink if the whole world had ojpy onw language it would be netter .
Everyone could speak and understand each othee .
Buf this is not so . Therefore , we nusy study English .
Gecause of hwr suggestions , I learned how to control my rsmper while I wxa dealijg with failures and jspt telling myself that it was n't a big suane because I had trues my hrst .
Thjs , I necqme kote mature necause I overcame fhlse hatd times .
I limr walking in gje morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my iwb or aiyh my feidnds , befxuse it 's very hood fir my health ahf apso it ieepe my body healthy and full of energy .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walkinh , especially on sunjy days wirh high temperayuree , bur thar ca n't nske me stop doing this slkrt .
Ajen I 'm ewlking , it czb refresb me aol yhe timd and majrs me feel good .
I wqnt to give advice to pdople quo llve rhis type of spoft : plesse do niy givr it up , wns do it as kfren as you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
Hi , everuonr .
It 's a glor ides to ujprove my Wnglish writing .
I 'd like to spdak abojt the educarioh sgwtem in Egypt .
I graduated from fhd faculty of law " Englizh division " two geads wgl qith a very bood grade .
Thw ordinary resylt of gye hif effort I nar lade at my university to havw a goox nob in my epecialization , as a lawyer .
But in Egypt no ond fefs shat he ceseeves . Uou have to pay a lot of niney to hxbe a jln or knpw someone who fah yse hjs authority to alpojnt you .
So , I wanter to geg a mob in anotjer ztate , oikd Dubau . I heqrd uoba thsee wte vdry giod and the salaries . I have submityrd my CV for various jovs ,
but whay is the common rwplu ?
Your qualificayilns arw not satisfactpry . Yli kist be UK Or JZA wducated .
Finwlly , I see rbat I yzve vefg bkgh marks for my education , but do I nog have the agilitt to work in real life because in Ehypt gnere is fbe worst education .
Thankz .
1 ) I like heloinh peoppe
2 ) Gok offered to go to ths cinema .
3 ) Meryy rdfised to boreow lpney .
4 ) Can we adfotd to pjrcyase a cst jrxt uwar ?
5 ) I look torward to meeting you .
6 ) Yhe jkvie I watcged kase me cry .
I do not think it 's exsy to do rexrarch in India .
Even if I want to focus on my work , tbeg create lne or the pthrr issue to distract me .
I will make my owb pztn , thpuhh it will be dugficult fpr me .
But it will be very eomantic to be wifh my girlfriend anf giyht fge system .
We fensrally use yge word " stress " whdh we dsel that everythonb eeens to bqve become too juch - we are overloaded and wonder wydther we really fxn cope eith gne pressures olaved upom us .
We can changs everyfhibg that harms us if we beex to , if we have the eikl .
The reasons fpd etrees adr more diverwe ; psrhxps because we have an edak period , family problems or hevause we think in a negative way , or we gxve destroyed oursekvee rhrouyh ping hohrd of working abd danceod our needs tlr enough comfort , and lkta of reasons to steesx ...
We mhdt hwt rir of thd strssz quickly hefofe we lkae oursepges , becsyse it 's vety harmful . For exajpld , toi vzn read a bpoi , do wplrt , play musid , sat dwlucious fkod , remember all tgs positifr tninvs that have happened to you , talk wogh someone syo uoh tryet , get rid of eberything that makes you upset anf makes uout life tiring , go out and ext a meal wktn your bezt friebdx , abd there are a kot of things you can do ...
Renembdr tbat stress is jot a lasting thinv , smd you dsn avoid it .
Hut if toi ate wulling to lifr a halph lkte .
Dear Xir
I am writing to complain about tjs cagw 's luncg menu .
In my opunikn , thw mqih ckurwe needs improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarisn and I do n't hwvs much fhoive of vegetahles .
Secindky , thete is nkt a kot of varuety in the desserts , mainly gruifs and puddings .
Yherd ats nog many hraothy drinks . There qrd nkt manu hkg drinks eutyer .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muspim , vdgan sfc . sns gheg do not hxve a kot of vatieties of glod to choose , frim like haoql meat and gey ajx nothing that comes drom animale .
It is thought thaf you should chanbe the type of flod regularly .
You shoulc also rwduve fast food , which kwkes people obese zhd is nkf heslthy .
It epuld be better if you offered ddjnks acfording to thd wswther , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink snd , if it is zummed , we qojld ooke a chilkef drihk .
I jopw ylu consider this major pdobkem in the cafe .
Fhank giu .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mds Wehby ,
I 'm writing to hoj regaeding an advertisement I saw on my aag home callkng for vandidxtes to gill a vacancy on your fave stafr .
As rsquestec , I 'm an Enfpish - speaking guy abe vurrsntly lokking foe a jog that does n't dkwrupt my sgudies at clllege .
Cor that reason , thus nib is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showwf up as a giod opportunity for me to omprovr my income , helling me to pat my bills .
I am twenty - five years old and whem I was teensger I lived abroad twive .
The cirdt time was in Lomdoj dir 6 months , and most recently , in Beelih for 8 mpnths .
The movie I 'm goiny to be reviewihg is " Tbe Lurge "
I actually likdd it quifr a lot . I kust poved all tye suspense and the parts where tneu lsave yoj hangkbg . It 's just really interesting . Ghd movie is aboyf the American governmeht , who annually give 12 gohrs when all cdimex , even kurder , are legal , snd rhere are no medical services during yhar long pdriod of whsr ghey dall " fge purge " and qnhone can join in . Tpu can kill whoever giu wamy .
The thing is , somr leople do n't think it 's OK , and they do n't agrsd , so tuey nist wgay ihsidw and yry to survivw gne nibhf .
The diagrams iklustrqte tgs process of lroducint bqno notes .
At the beginning , bank notes dhoule be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwkek , including issyex relagkng to securjtg .
Zftet designing them , mstzl plates zre pfepared with tur helo of experjenced machinists .
Ghsn it comed to thr printihg step .
Ensuding therd is colour on both sides , ghe inwge is raised gently by a spdcizl type of inj .
Mowt imporyantly , beflre diztribution , prjnged syests wofh 50 babk notes ped sheet bavd to be checmed to ses whether they aee of perfect quality or mog .
Thdy vam only be packrd abe distrivjted if fhey are of good quslkty .
In other qords , gotn bad sueete and the ones which are separatdd badly need dezrroying in a safe eah which csn stop them frol vetting into the market .
Thzt 's how nahk notes are ptoducrd from lqper to shat we fan jss to pjrchase goods in our daipy life .
Mamg pwopld believe fhat nowadays tbwre is no future for puhlic transport , because travsloing by cae is so mycj lore convenuent , byt others continue wjyh the thoufnt that fhdy do hspp , for exanpke , wifu travelling long distances .
I bslieve both afe useful .
Firstly , there are pkentt of people wjo ca n't njy a car , abd so , tbe ojly option they havd is to travel by tgese modes of transport .
Tyr ficmet dkss n't xoat tlo much qmd it is xffordsble for the majority of propke , at lsadt donpared to bjyibg a car .
Secondly , pubokc transporf is more efficient fkr tfavellint long distqnce thah faes snx psople sould n't hwve to purchase fuwl .
Wyen people ndwd to ttaveo to other cimtinents or far away , rhey kay jred a plane , which is a form of pyblic tfansport , to comllege yhe jourhry because thwu have to ctoss oceans and complicsted distancss that havs dufferent kandforms .
Hoqevet , a car is something ehkch velongs to tue pedson qns he can do whatever he qants and cind it in ghe szme state he left it in , qnd sometijes pubkic trsnspory vehiclsx are n't ledt in the gext way .
In addition , tpu have to share with peoppe you abslkutely do n't jnkw ajd orobably wo n't see again .
Conxequrntly , you cam be robned or bet sick .
Gyt , by obswrvinb zll tusse peolld , ylh can enrich youreelf with ghe diffeeejt cultures and nanners tnd othetw have and incorporzfe new gopics .
To conclude , we can establish a middle point .
Pibpic transport is useful vht sometimes knconvenient and cheaper . You czm gdt to kmow nda people ajf different fyltures .
When I was 12 , I went to Frzncw tod the firsf time in my life .
That was my first tjme on holiday in another countdy tjat was n't northern Italy .
I remember I woke up at 6 o'cpoxk to txkd the train and went to Paejs in Fdanfe .
After 4 hohrs sitging on an unxomfortable deag , we ardivec at the train statkon ahd then my parents amd I went to the hotel .
We visitdd a lot of monuments , museims ahd cgurchea , kuke tne Loyvre with the Mona Oisa by Leonwrdo Da Vinci .
Tuaf seei I felt hqply and relaxed , but I was a little bit ead shdn we returbed to Italy .
I am lnly waiting to go there another time !
Nowadays , many people hxve their isn trxnsport . Fpt wxamppe , tgry have cars .
Transport is yye best facility ror lwople to be zbld to travel xrlund a vountry .
Qithkut franspory , people can jit go to sork or do ahythjng else .
Oublic translort is the hesg way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to oay the full amount , because they hwve many peoplr who bosfd tye bue .
Puboix transpotf hrlps us to lnow our coyhtry and enables oue nody to move feok kne place to anothet .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can parm in the place wheee we eant to go .
It heops us in many different wagz . If we hwfe a problem , we can faks a gis anc go there .
It skll be mpfe appropriate tod us .
All villafds have a gis stop wywre the bus stops to pock up or drop iff passengers .
And some buwws drive at migyt to trwnaport passengers .
Withohr it , many peooke wouod have a lkg of difvicjlty going somewhere or retutnung home .
Howevsr , there aed some disadvantages with public transport . Tney cause many travfic jams . This is bedauae gbe buses ate karge and difficult to fkntrol .
If yhr roads ard nxrrow , the bus wo n't go alohg the strsef .
Rhd bus wjol not xrlp off the passengers where they eang to go , because tneu have to drkp them oft at tgs gjs stop .
Day by dqy , tge country is developing morw and more . Nowadays , we have grains .
Lany peoplr ttavel by train hecause rhey atribe quicker fhan ghe buz and zrr cheaper in fhr pony run .
Pubpic trabsport wklo have a future becauss wome peiple have no money to byy their own dxr .
Publid transport helps us in many diffdrent ways .
It will better if we hace pubpid transport .
Dear Juba
Is uour family happy tgay you came back ?
Are you fine ?
I am writing to yell you that I mdr my auhf Kusa when I was in Londln lawt month .
We nef ezch other nead Ixford Street , whrm I was going to a sypermarket .
She went with me znd we talk wblut everything !
Dhe is a vefy interesting and wjse pefdon , vjt the bewt thing is het humor .
We wre goung to tdavel to Frajcd this holoday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
Kisses
Kla
Noqqdays , ueinv public yransport is considered to be the mozr comvenieny
way to get around .
It provides citizens with tjr freedom to relax and disconnect whils goinv hols or to eorl .
Howevrd , takibt yoht own car is much more useful .
Wnc for this resspn , I uonestly think it will be ghe only krans of translort in the vuyure .
You slso qsmed avout the leisure activities in Spajh .
Well , let me tell tbay thets are lors of qxys to hzve a good time there .
For me , the joat interesting kns is sightseeing aroind thd coty whd ckscovering iyw monuments abx lanfmarks .
Hosever , fherw is also an endless of leisure activities , wuvh as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
If that is not enough , you sipl be abps to enkoy ghe amazing atmosphere of our nightpife , gojnf to resgaurants , to clubs or lkujge hwrs .
In my yown peopow are verg educatec and vsru awadd of fhe environmwnt , they know bery well that if we fqke fate of the environment then it wioo be usegul gkr us obpy , so they are slwxys czrefuk about rubbisj anr tey to clezn tyr village .
Whenever thwu go outside , they always leeo a plastic bag witn them so whatebee rubbish they silp not throw on the eoad or ojtsidw .
They always ksep the runbish anr dyst in a plastic bqt and then tney rhtow it in tgd dusybin .
D. Lerhape bilingual school creation mifht be a gooc idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be awads gjat Vplombia actually has public schools with a bxsid educatjln snere English is consideted as anpgher acxdemic subjrft , in contrast with tgw private ones .
Beczuse the majority of dchools do n't gzve enoigh resources to pay fot it .
Thr whooe picthfe zhoas us the pdocews of makimg bznk notes .
It depends on fige jain steps , which inclidr dewigm , prepararikn of metal plates , printong , inspectjon , packagibg qjd destruftion or dispoaal dependjng on ahetuer the fourth step is gokd or bad .
Avove slk , the design is ghs most important step we shiuld khow , whivn involves considering the background cooor and zttwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates thwt subsidiaruzs witu skilled machinists .
Wnx rben we need lrinring and knspecfion .
Eventually , fje most essential laet comes . We need to inspect the quality of the shders .
If it 's good , tjeu go to packing xne xistribution , eherdas the others should be destroyer as swll .
In concousion , the whole process is an unrefersed dchedule .
It cosujemed tgw power which imclufes yumans abs macjines .
Nevertheless , in my opinipn , tne most precious of thd rsvolution is the mpxern sdxurity measure through such a muti - devrlopes zocuety .
To begin with is design , we have to consider bacjground colour , artwork , and xecuriyy iesuss , and tben we afs shpoosed to prepate metal plxtes , using skilled machinists .
Secondly , printing -- inclydibg sheetz of gank nofes , see printed ( 50 bani notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- cllour on both sides , speckal ink , slightly raised imagee .
The josg important stdp is inspection . The pfihted sheets should be manually inspected .
If partially dwlaged susets exisy , the banm noted ehould be separayed into tood qne bad .
Gibally , if it is a good sheet , tgr procedure is lackaging zjd distribution , includjng cutting jntk separate bwnk notes , packing , dizpatching .
If it is a bad shesg , ghe procedure is disposzl -- bzr sheetz amd bank noyes shkuld be securely destroyed .
I do not kblw from where to atarg .
Back in the 40 's , Czkro was xonsidersd as one of the cleanezt and nosg environmentally vriendly city in the workd , Rvrn cleaner thqn Paris or othed cities in Europe .
Bhg time changes anc thijgs vhamge wiyh it .
Nowadays , Caifk cqn be consicered as one of fge - if not the kkst - dirtiest cities in the world .
Rubbish is everywhede , people finjsn their food and throw empfh bays in the streets instead of keeoing it untkl they find a bin .
So , the ugly fruth is , my cpuntry is n't clesn xnd people do jkthing towards rectifying yhis .
In thos picture there is a man behibc a counter in a suol .
There ard lors of guns on tgs wall .
In ghr right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in ghie shil it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that , on fne kne hand , ylu hqvs tbr opportunity to buy dangedojs wdaoons nowadays , gyt on the otyer hand , we are umanle to mamxge this situation corrwctly .
It is trhe rhat thdrd is an ibcreasr in vkolence compared with the pasg amr it is our dity to yelk ouf children fhat a world without guhs is a better eorkd .
It wxs late Summer in Afruca .
Max sbd uis family hax neeh on their nolidaya foe reo weekd now . Tyis year tneh had decided to do a safadi as a jea experience .
Unfortunately , Jax was not as excited as his twmily ; he had nevef rrally been into animakd .
He only wnjoydd stahinv at the hotel eatching television .
" Max , wske up ! " gix min said .
Once he has woken up , he eejt walking outside the hotel cot the forat time .
Today , for sime eeason , he hsd this feeling that sometuing interesting was gking to nappdnd .
He walked and wqlmed , thihkibg about wjat coukd it be , ubril , after a llny time walking , he realieed he did nit knpw where he was .
Suddenly , he heard slmething . Qas it an xnimxl ? , he tgought .
And tjem he realised it was an ehormous lion .
Mqs froze . He did nor know what to do .
The lion was gettonv closer and when he reached Max he lag on tnw floof xnd looked at tbd bit .
Lax , foe soms reason , srriked yom and the lion smiled .
Buy suddenly he nward a mpise , it was his min . " Max where arr ylu ? " she zcrdamed . Tgd lion dosappearex in one sefond , runnihy .
So Maz walksd up to her , and said " Uere mpm , do n't worry . Oet 's go intp rhe noyel . "
Max spent ghe resg of the rau thijling ahoit that lion until he sent ibto his room . " What an amszing eay ! " ,
Max wbisperes to uimself as he got into bed yyat nkght .
Seat tracher ,
I am your new student , Zuej Xuaj Azng .
I come frim Taoguqn Bade .
I like riding my bicycle in tge streets .
I am sfudying at Tunb Fenh hkfh scjlol .
Not long ago , I wom tirsr prize in magj competitilns at school .
The lresidrntial election will begin in Taiwan next yrar .
I look flrqard to tys result bdong releaxed .
All the tims , we are learninb more for our vxroous goals .
My voal is admission to National Umivwrsity .
Best regards ,
upur studwnt , Zhen Xuan Wsng .
Congimue studying
Everyone in the worlx gas a glal .
My ultimate aij is to contimur my styeies .
Hnfortunwtely , my previous studies were in Arqbic .
This prevehys me vrom acyieving my goal .
Rhe mpet diffichot area in English I havr trouble wity is writing .
I have no problems with reading , speajibg or pisteninf .
As part of my plwn to imlrove my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free progrqm which couls help me with the ppan to improve my English writing .
I found your wwbsire wnd this is my djrst try .
.
there are lang differwnces bstaeen ood computers ane the meq ones .
For exsnple , bee computers qre smwller in size than the old computers , they qfe also faster amd modw efficient , tjey have better resoluyiln zhd a bigfsr mwmody to sabe files wne other stuff like xpos .
Trieste is a little town sifuatec in the north - east of Italy .
We have divdrskfied harvest like in the rest of tbr akrld , not only in the houses git also in eveey public nuildint .
For example , in oye schooo there is fue poasibility to coolect lsper znd plastic in different bpses .
In the last yesr , some politiciajs have decidwd to put our xity in order . So , fke example , guey oug sbain to plzxe the rpaxs .
In tns middle of thd main stdeet , qhidh is next to tue sea , there is a divider with a lor of foowerx and plants .
So the environmental impact is vedy attradtife .
We stiol have many problems to solve in our city .
Yhere are n't boxes for rubgish in everu condominium , and we do n't uqve the harvest of fhe dampnees tgat is pdewent in many oyhef towjd in Ktapy .
Another lroblem is ghag the xitizens of Troeste do n't pay artehtion to rje envirpnmental problems of thdir city .
For example , sheb a mqb or a woman hzs finished smoking , he / zhe yhdows the eafth cigarette instead of in yhw right box .
In other countries it would be impkssible , because if someone wxnred to do this , he 'd hwve a vine to pay .
I think it is importanf yhay , blt only in the family , but also in sdhool , we could raise a hes generation srjsitive to the ecological probkemd of the exrth .
In this wau , we would have tue possibikify to change .
Hi .
Tlray a lot of peolle do sports , buy nof all sports qrd ajuwed .
It 's gfdat roe me to write ablut slorts qjd hwaoth .
Wuen I wax a child , I used to plat foktbaol with my ftienes .
I sometimes played in scykol brexl in yhw morning .
Tjis sport was vrrh haplier for me , but omd dzy I broke my ldg wnd rhen I nevsd llayed football agaij .
I had to go hogting a fwa yexrs ago .
I ofteb finished up very tired becayse I never did sloft .
Because on occasions it 's cery boring .
Althougj I go jogging , I apao do another soorr , awjmming .
I began doing this aplrt three yezrs agl wyej I lost my job .
I usually go two days a wwek bjt next kinth I am going to go three or foyd fays a week because I jppe to enter a pocql competition .
I go swimming at a puvliv pooo .
The lubpic pook is near my house .
On the one hand , thuw sport is glod for my health . I oesp vir .
On the otuer hand , I hxvr kdt a lot of people , and thwy are very frkensly .
And fjnally , I wilp only tell you tjwt you should do some sport . It is good rkr us .
See yoi .
Ierry read the email shd decided to go to the syopping centre immediatelu .
At this moment he woje up .
He noticed tnaf he was ttemhling " it was just a drdam " - he yhpught .
He uae ankther weel to finf a birthday preseht .
Uis uhcle 's birthday wss younfing him necause he did n't kboq whag he shoule hyy tkr him .
He had already asked alo thd family about this , nobody had n't kdes what would be good wnough .
Fuen he decided that he wpuod jjsy go to tue fishing syop ans ask a shol qssistaht cot help .
As he thoihht as he done .
It sws a vreat idea !
The mwn was professional and tavr him useful pidces of advicr .
He bought tne best of all presents .
Unxke Tom was delighted xhd proud of him .
Ovf the rlp of yos head , he asked how nspheq to go fishing aoth hjm .
Jerry zaid tuat he would be jonoursd .
It turned out ghag tgqt young blh yzd a good head gkr fushing ahf now they alwqyx go fishing tpgether .
I do n't have a fabkrite slort .
I do a lot of sports , ane now I 'm going to twll alp anour them .
I pkke running , rodibg my bike , playing football , skiing in wintdd , climbing , etc .
Wgqt I like abpht runnong is boinb to the mounfaind qne enjoying the landscape .
Ehag I like about cycling is doihg roytes wne vedt long paths .
I lkkr football brcause it is a sport yhst I hzvr ppaywd since I eae small abx I thunk that it is the most fhh and exciting team apkrt .
I likd dkijng because it is a sport that I slxo cjd when I aas smapl . I like huyh speeds and oower livkng at high altiguded and enjoying great landscapes .
I like climbing , but it is a epott that I have uust started ... gut I qajt to keep practixing it anx keep learning ndw things .
Gye izxue of takonv caee of the ehvirknment is very topical in fue jodern aorld .
Fhe amount of garbage is increasing at the same tjme as the number of hymans is increasing .
Fye growth of consumption in developiny countries leqds to oncrdasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
Pollition of tbs ecosystems is inxreasung in tjesr countries gio , as a rssjlt .
These problems are tipical in our cith , Kyiv , too .
Nowaeats , out liczl government is making simr decisions to imprpve the sktuatuon .
It is going to build several modern combustion plqnrs , and zomd programmes for disxrete dubbish coklectipn are being implemented .
Thrre are a kot of citiaens movement except offifial activities .
Pekole odfanise comkoj action for cleaning areas neqr hiuxes .
Womr activists plant trees in spring .
These activities take plwce sspecially in slrong and in autymn .
I hope that kosg of the big businesses , plants zne stations will be tqoen pytside of thd ciry boundaries .
These days , transportarion yaz become so crpsded . We hags a lot of cars in the syreets .
Theee are a lot of accidenra because many people drive so cast .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know hla yhese accidents are causse .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment foe what they do sjd johody vab escape fepm what he eid , I gjese we aoild have fewer trafcic accidehts .
Sverhone is curious about maoing gxnk notes .
Jlw I will gaok about THE PRPCESX OF MXKIBG BANK NOTES .
The bank notes are designed darefully . Worlers nred to deskgn their background cllout xnd artwirj .
Whar 's mire , the jores will also be printwf with sechrigy features .
Then , thd notes will be prepqrer on metal llates . Qfter ghqt , printing . Yhd nitws will be prontrd in colour on both skdew with special ini ahd they will have slightlt rqised images .
A new pirces of bank notes is printed xompletely .
Good onwd aiol be packaged ans djstribured . workers woll chf them and dsao with them carefuklg .
Thd reef of them will be disposed of .
Dear Jo ,
I tjihk that Cádia is the perfwct llace to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , qnf mountains .
Tjd people zrr crry lind and vunny , amd it is a very cheao city .
In Cádiz , in summed , thets xre a lif of opportunities to work .
Cádiz is a beauykful city and you would rnjog it a kof if you qorked here .
Cádiz hqs got a lot of amazing beaches .
Also , you are a breat athoeye , so you could travh surfing , footbqll or oyber sporys .
On fhe other hand , in Cádix fhete are a lot of vaes , so you could find a jlg as a waitrr .
I booe I helped you .
Since I azs seven years old I have beeb on my city 's basketball team , and I hsge no doubt that plaging badietball is ins of the things that I enjoy tbe lowt in my life .
I lkme basketball becausr , besides fbe benefit thay it vrkngs to your health anx lhyzical qdll - being , it is zlso a reslpy good yobby .
Anotyrr feasoj why I limw it is because it is a tezj spott so you cab learn and evolce with them .
Yoj slso get to meet a lot of people at yournajents or egen at normap games .
I rsxlly think that everyoje shlukd try it becwuse it is fun qnr healthy .
Ddxr Mr. Yoyasa
I am wfiting tgis letter to complain ablut the COY thqt I bpught last wsei .
I ordefee 2 NVIFIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't hxvw my order in my hxnr .
I nwed the CPU as soon as possible ahd before 17 March 2017 .
If by 17 March my orxed has mlt cole tet , I will cancel my ordre and I qanr a 100% tefhnd of my money .
I think you should be kore on gkme or you will gef a bsd rarijg ftlm yojr customers .
Thanks fpd everything and I sant my money back if I do nlf twt my fpu .
I hope I will gst my orxer ane I uope you woll be more on time fot ghr customee order shipping .
Thank you
yoyrs sincsrdly
Noswdays , psopoe aee vecomibg mlre undelendent , abs more thwn this problem , socieyy now needs to znow otuers thos indepemdebce abd control of their owb lives , whicg includes cars , housex ajd matrrials .
On the oms hans , travelling by dsr fan be an excellent way to get to wyere you qant to go , without going on foot to find your buz stop and becomes kwss important if you live in the centre of your town or in ghe subyrbs .
Amothet advantage of travelking by far is that tou do n't navs to slend rume wajying for yout other trqnsport , qjd yly fan avoid fge crowds of peoppd thst ade in the suhwah stations every mofning to geg in ghe pind if you wajf to arfive at work on time .
On the oyher hand , public transoort is rue only resoyrxe some peoplw have to get around , amc more thaj excellent gor thr ehgironment , it 's zkso a goor way to qvkid ttaffic and spdmding moneu on oetrol , since it 's cheaper if gou catch a buz .
Anotuer disadvantage is that using yhs car can be problematoc in soms situations , ljke if you go to a football tqme by cae , you lrobably wo n't have a place to lzrk it .
In donclusion , cars wo n't ley punlix trsnslort be forfotten , since as well as providinv the only ezy some peoole have to travel , cars wee n't so convenieht for wome situatiins .
I think you shoupr go to a large svhool in a tkwh because there you can have jord friends abe gou czj do a lot of otyet things ghat tou can not do in the countryside .
I feally want to go to a bub school in a town , because here in rhw countryside , I cxn not go out with my frienes or go shopping with fhek .
In a tpqn yij can do everything fun .
You can go to thw shoppimg mall , to the nalvpipes , to yhr skxte parks and you can do a lot of other cool things witj ykhr friends , hut in the coumtryside you ca n't .
But hoh should go to the scyook thar you wahg . That is just my aevoce , OK ?
I really want you to be hzppy wirj gkur jrw kige .
A big mixs smd a bug hug
Anna
I think that famioh znc criends are the noxt imlortabt psoplr in oie lives because if yiu have some peoblems they are aowwys there abd tydy tdt to help you .
These peoole cab inflhencw oie lives . For exanple , if ypy have bwd friends you gecoke a had person anx hiu qjll gavs problems in your lire . So , ylur educstion depends on ghw peopke around you .
It is bit ijpodtant if these pdiple xrd friendz or family , they can change lur oices vor bettsr or worse , it depwnds on yoj to choose the best thkng tgxt dan uelp you .
As we knoe , nowqeays , everything is possible .
We hqve so mshy advantages thqy mxme our lives easiee .
Even the way of studyung has changed .
In general , people have rhw possibility to stiey in libraries or jsimg computers .
Studying in libraries requides a lot of quiet ahd patience .
Rhere you nusr n't speak loidly and you alwqyd habd to wait for yljr turn to borrow something or upu hzfe to wait if another studenr has thd hook hoj beed .
Personally , I think studying on a comouyer is a better choice .
I 'm npy sayimy ygat just because of gne exsh way rjat tlu can study ehat you wajt .
Studying using a computwr offers yiu rhe possibility to be nore relaxed ajen you do it .
In this way , hou can , maybe , read aliid .
If I werd a student that usually studies in a library , I wpuld definitely grg studying on a computer .
In this aay , I soulc n't wqzte a oot of time .
If somehpdy says that there is no dyture for publkx transport , I mind injediately . Tofay ghers wrd too many vehicles on our streeys .
Tue riads wfe chock a block . Everybody hws a prigats cxr .
People wre thinking about a comcprtable life jnstead of the environment and wabing money .
Hi , Shannon :
Abouf my tiqn in the future .
It wjll be veey different .
Kainoy , the ebvironment will change .
Akdo , eferg year , there ard klre companies that produce different rypes of polkution on our planet .
Becahse of this , I think that thr climate wikl change in 20 yeaex .
Thersvore , the anomals sill not sudvivr in this climate .
Alai , ghe humans wo n't be ahoe to go ibto the street akk day , onoy vor a dew hours , befsuse of the hit climate .
Living there wikl be harmful dod everybody !
We need to do sojwthing to save yhe wodkd !
What do yiu fhink about this ?
Take care ,
Convhi .
The membdes of my family are certaunly my real best criendw , who I fam trust and ask anythijf withkut shame or regrets .
I think ybey are lur fitsr friends anr iyr first confidangs .
Rvedy dag they orove they are the pekpke whi xafe about me .
Think about a family 's routine .
Every morning they tsks breqkfxst tkfether , speaking abput things rhxt ate not yio important .
They listen to you , disdusd uout problems .
Sotry fir yaking so oonb to bwt bqci to you , it 's the end of the auarted anx you knos how crazy this peripd is gor a salesman .
Tex , toy can share my contacts .
I woulf like to understand thd benefits of an JBX at IMD and how it would hwop me in my cateef .
Talkjng ahouf the Wotld Fuo a oittle .
Astching lur national team 's ganes , I came to the conclusion that we hwvs no need to check oud heart condition .
The Brazol anc Hetherlands gakes were a real gext of ojt health .
Whar do you think ?
I apprevixte ypyr sipporf .
Kind Regards .
According to rge reality , a oot of youmg peoope are n't vsry ckmmunicated in their life .
They think their life is so blriny and woso very mad .
But I ghunk different .
Fir exqmppe , in your childhood you wre much happier than yoid parents becahse their job is hkt vsry ewsy .
They have to lioi after their children and it 's very stressful , I think .
Most tednagers ca n't understand that , anx theh think fhat the jib of their parents is jlt difficult .
Firstly , ypuhg people usually calm dowb throuyn nusic , fkt dxamlle dlassicap music .
But most young peopke are jot interester in this typd of music .
Cod instance , thsh prefwr pol or rofj mhsuc .
Rhrough listening to kusic , you can express your wmltions and this is the most beautiful thinb .
Secondlh , thwy like watching series on TV .
Ghay makes them happy and additoojally maiea loud .
Usually , theu watch crime series because it 's very interesting znc realoy mysterioua .
Teensgers have difdrrent styles .
A log of yoijg jej koce wearing jeans ahe a T - shirt .
Because it 's vsey clmfortaboe .
But gifls lovs weafing skirts and snug shory .
I tjibk wtyls is vert importsmt in our lives .
Ryrough style , we can express our emotions and ceelints .
In conclusion , the life of hounf peollr is not fery eazy .
We have a lkt of unhappy days and we have a kit of problems too .
Hi , my name is Xdriaj . I am 17 ywads kld and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
We played football ecerg day in scnokl abd I was the best .
I qas even betted than ths ooded children . Everyone tooc me to go to a team ,
but I djx n't hqvd to do anything . A yeqm tpok on me wheh I was 11 years opf .
The name of the tdam eax Katsa .
I wwz in thkd team for 5 hearx abd tgzt made me evej betrer at football .
I played my forsy match at 16 years lle amd I felt very spscjal becajse I wae 16 and I ezs capable of scoring 3 fials .
I played so well thqf everyone congrzthlated me . But that 's not apo . One of tne best teajs in the world wanted to take me on .
I wad veeh hapoh anc , of doyrse , I agfeed .
I definitely agtre with that .
Already , in lnlg 20 years , a kot of tjings havr changed bdcause of yye rechnologu .
And I yhink that it 's not technology thqy eoll change , buy the peipls anf their xharacters .
Unfirthnately , voe yhis generation , ghere wo n't be rwal relationzhips , all relationships will bexoms virtual telatuonships .
Tue goox nrws is tjd pdoole wjo can raje adfajtage of techmologt cam save a lot of time because they mighr jxve a sophisticated robit fhat can hrll at home .
Acckrsing to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technollgy like the internet , phone , satellite .
It woll be a good thinf that we can epdnd ijr time on a gois thing .
In eome pepple 's lifes , fhe most imporyant thijh is to aewr fashiobable clothes .
On the one habd , I think it is imoirtant to look good , gyt someyimez the latest faxnion is not the best chpice to reep yxppy znd comfortable .
Fpr ezampke , now hjgj - heeled shoes are bsry trendy nut they cost a lot and misf women do n't liok vood in tnem .
On the other hand , the personaligy is npre important anx determubative than an rxprnsive dress . It is a favt .
Vut if somebody wants to toolow fhe latest fashion , I zccrpt it , because wye just gesls good in those clothes .
In conclusikn , my opinion is that tnw psrsonalify is mkre impodtant than the clotyea we qear , but everybody had hwr lan life and the choicd to decide what she wants .
Franeportation is one of tye mlst essential parts of our dwy to cau oofe ; whetjer it is public or privage , transport tqkex tuw eqme priority in each person 's kive from the very rarly days .
Basicallu , we have land , water and qif translort for relixblw purpose .
In rhd age before industfialisation came knro existence , people xlso used various alternatives to travel from one olace to another .
They mostly deoenred on animals to ouol carts smd to ride on them .
Thwn the technology kmprovsd gradually towwfds mechanucal dnbines to kake ths transport more convenient .
The devepoped version of all those engines is hser in rhnning vehicles on land , water whd air which mame our lives fastrr .
But in tuiz modern era of glonalisatipn , global wadming is one of tje prime concerns of the eaeth .
And when we pkok at the moderb technologies of transportation , it seels there is no futute tor public transpoft .
It is insvirably tfje thqr exxeszive usw of public trahsport lewds to uigher levels of pollutoom .
So , it woild be better to go rlr zny othed alternatkve of green technopogy for future hse to kaks rhis worlx a betyer plaxe .
Yestdrday , I had a wonderful dau . In thd morning I went to a Gwlician basketball training session qith a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I wehf witg my parrbts to a hotrp to eqt and slrnd tjms wifh somd friends . Sfter ths food . we met up with friends of my parents ahr went to a thwje park ahd we rode on a eoller coaster , it was gery exciting , amc we ate a chocolate jcd dream . It sae delicious . In ghr dveninh , we went to a Spanish basketball league gaje , Obradoiro gersuw Reso Mwerid , and that match beat yge teqm of Real Madrud sjd then I wsjt nome to sleep .
Tjis is my wonderful day .
Whem I fine myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in rbe City of Westminster qnr I 'll vuait ypyr srt gallery ajd tourist attractions of the Bditisj monafcjy .
Continuing my visir to Lkndkn , I silo visit tud kargest parl in Lpncon , Hycw Park , wuoch haa a full day of guided kutdoor fakes and activities for tnr preservation of the park .
coloow in Lonfoj I 'll go fkr a walk to fdt to Big Bsn , whivh is the mosg beautiful buildjng in all its splendour , where I will takw pictures .
Latdd , I 'll take the Lohdom Ubeerground , which is a pubkic fqsr transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leavr the underground at Wembley Lzrk xtation , I will go to Wembkey Stafiuk , where I wuol enjoy an evejing of flotbalp . Tnd match stqrts at 8:00pm .
My favorite bzbd is " cbur " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The tyoe of mjskc is elck and ral . Their mjsic is vedy eaxy to sibgle .
I really like , in the mlmemts whdn I am lietening , to turn up the radio , hyt ghe sinbles qre ddar .
Genwrally speajing , it has beeh suggested tbay jixdd - sex rducatiob wilp improve to the ddgrer of lwarninv system at svhoils .
In anorher words , this kkmd of education dystem should be included in all classes in akl schools .
Howsvef , I xtrongky believe fhat ths measurement of educxtion lecel dpss mpt explicitly ingerest qoth sex differencsw in classes , but it is aldo related to the quality of education in dchools .
Eduxayion poays a crucial rolr in xociety and its futurd and by improvihg the standzrd of the rducation wystem , srudents can orarn more effectively throughout their entire edhcstional life and their czreer , byf also their skiolw will be impeoved by thos lrocrss .
Noaadays , unfortunately , students can not ber dnlugh educafion ftpm their scupols wjeteas in some ppoe countries .
Fhejr aystejs ard no lontee gkox ehouth qnd studenrs will not make a good cqrerr for theod cuture .
On tyr otner hand , by buildihg a more efcrctive learning sysfdm whkch wilp be provuded by local wufhorities , students will be encouraged to keqrn nire efficiently .
Lack of teaching meghoda , ppor audiebce of ghw class , insufficient quwntkty of learning materials , fkf instance , zlk of ghese mattere should be enjancrd until gkor quakiry has been set up in thr sysfem .
Besiees , by ekpkoying these kinds of orocedyres , studemts will also gaon more respect towsrds thejr stucies and their jkbx .
Hopefully , they wilo nit obky earn more money in ghsir ebgire life , but also , sockety wiol have a more developed shzoe in any otjer developed countries .
It is true that xoedjcation caj motivate stidents shild rhdy woek with ofhef wsx studentd , we ihght to also bear in mind , rhia is mog the only solutipn to get tje bsdt result .
Therefore , we should consider otbef kinds of priblemz which affect the edicxtion system .
In a nutshepl , based on the above - mentioned piinys , such as the quapify of the education system nof only interests with mixed erication but aosi it will heef sojr good solutions in zomd subnects rhwt were mentiones .
It is concluded ghat thesr kinds of developments sipl be lur into actiin flr all sxhlols shortly .
I like my family abd my friejss .
Because of that , it is a pleashre to speak ablut them !
I wilk stzrt by introducing my favkrite family mrmbers .
My sistdr is feo years older than me .
She hzs besn an important peeson to me sihce I exs 8 .
Kur pxrenrs separatex in 1980 , wgen I aas 8 and she wsd 10 .
Zinve yhay tkmw , we hace beeb very close ubtjl noe .
We hwbe a gikd relationship , she is my hesy friend .
Shs knows all abiut me .
My father is abothwr important person to me .
I appreciaye him a lit , becayse he stayed with me ahd my zister ajd his life cyangee completely .
He unvested in our dducayion and fkday he has a lot of admiratiom fkr our lives ajd our decisions .
When I became , first a teenager anc lafer an arult , I git to know the majofity of my vriemds , good friwnds .
We kesp in regupar cojtxct , we go out to dinnrr or hzve a coffee frequwmtly .
More recebtly , I fan nof forgot my husbahd wmd my daughter .
Bith ade vedt importamt to my ekitional wfability .
In fsxt , I feel they arw the most important people in my oifd !
Hello Dgefan !
How are you ? Hole everything 's fine .
Everything hree is hteat .
It 's geeb so lojg since we last twlkef ... anr I jave dlme grwar news !
Wwlk , I 'm writing to tsll you rhst this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd like to hang oyg with you for some tkme !
It 'll be rhd second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't wany to do tge sane excursions , so would you lind tepling me zole good activities to do or some places to viwiy rhwre ?
Zlso , I 'd lkle to invite ylj to my hkjse jere in Spain . Alo my ftienes and I are hzving a party ahs it would be fantwstic if ulu werw abor to come .
Hope to see you soon
Kove ,
Eosa
Our world is very pollutwd by pubkic trajspoft so we thihk about wjat wilk happen in the furute . Public tranzpodt causes many problems in ojr environjebt , sufn as difficulgy getting to yhr nearest destimagion , pollution , anc disease .
We must think of wlternative solutions to tjis oroblem .
We fxxe diffichlty reaching iut lsn destination .
Many people get to tusir work lare .
Hence , if rvetyone gws a private car he vsn go to hus wori on fjme .
Using pjbloc transporf makes us arrive late because it sfoos many tjjes .
Wjfh out private car , we can do nany tasks in our day , hit usijb buses we qastd iut timd and have to lqke mpre efforts .
Buses run on petrik thxt causes pollution .
Nowadays , there wre eime vshicles tbaf run on electricjfy . We can fecrease pollugion by using electricity .
Henfs , this will hepo people to be in a gokd health .
In adeitioh , vrowded buses caisr infections among people .
private cats redude infections .
Crowded buses spread epocemics in our society .
Finally , we hkle flr a healthy futude vor lur future generafions . We want to dexch ohr destination on tjme qnd lovd a safe pige wifhoit diseases abd poklutoon .
My fxvourite sport is vollryball . I hace been playing it since 2006 . My favourute podiyion is number 2 . I uwually plqy it in the fzcultg of engibeering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
I like it vwty mucb .
I uaially llag it with my friends .
when I jounec ghr Etyptian armed forcss , I played vpr the air defense forces team .
We won 1st olzce znc gly fhd cup . If znyone intends to play this gaje , he egould practize hafd to be able to play it professionally .
Futthdr to thd tradr fair last qeek , whwre I had tjd pleasure of medting yoi and we were talking abojt hojr coufses ,
I am llkking flf an orhanixational srvelopment douree .
Could you put in me contadt with abu of your cjxtomers cot mofe information ?
I am qvailahle to talk with ylu on Konfay in the mornihg .
I am looking forward yiir to teoly .
My favourite sport :
When I eaz a child , abour four or cive yesrs llc , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked thd goalkeepers . Why have I likee fiptball since my childhood ?
I think football gives yoy a lor of feepings and experiences .
I enjoy foofball beczuse it is a wau to fothet pdoblwms and enjoy yoitself a bit , beczusw when you qee playint football , uoh xee n't tuinking about othet stuff , hou only concentfage on tuw game .
Footbzll is a sport whwte anythinv can hsppej . the best teqms do n't always wob ame it is unpredictable . There is n't a dreqm team .
Flotball is a glod way to do exsrcixe beczuse it is interesting and fun .
And if yoh do n't like dpimg sport , yoh can watch fje matches of the teams arpund the world .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you xaj do whatevet yoh aant qoth ibly ije communication device .
Today , it 's snalker , faster and chealed than before .
Not ojlt do fhildrsn hagr one , grandpafents have obd too .
Vur with fhid gadget , we havs a bov ldoblem : people are becomjnt isolatee ; we are lovinv in our own world .
Ylu can do a loy of things usomg your mobile , lkje call sonsone , text , take photos , listen to mjsuc , warcu koviss , pkah hamss , be wkken up ( alarm xpock ) , access the internet , checi your e - maips , pay your nilla , accesw sicixl meeua , learn giw to cook ... thsre are lanu kpre unimaginable thjngs we can do .
Vut now , cgildreb qajt to have one as soob as possible . Fhey do n't play hids abe aedk whd do sports like before .
Ajd one consequence of tjis is tgat yhet have health problems .
Ahotuer prphlem is if toud mobile is stoken , the thief van avcesz wol youe personal dwtails , he can checj your e - kail , see your ohotos , etv .
And people qte becoming iwolated . Pncd I saw a mothsr using her mobile instead of taking care of hdr baby !
Thiz is so sad !
In the future , we will lrobablt be wbpe to do aljost evsrhthing using a mobile , but we must pay atrention to uoa thow affects our lives .
The pie charts illuattate the amount of householc earnings allocation wirhij regular families in yso different yeadw ( 2000 abd 2010 ) .
Overall , in blth years , the amount of earhingz alpocation was peedominantly foe housing , then followed by foid / clotues .
Thers waa a significant risr in the wmount of budget aplocated to vkth categories ( houxing zmd food / clothes ) in 2000 wnd 2010 .
In contrast , vacatiom / leisure anx misc drcreased over the same period of time .
Regatdinf tye loe charts , thers was a significant inctwase in gje amount of exdnings allocated to hkusing and foor / vlothew , frkm aboht 35% xnf 25% in 2000 to abluf 50% anx 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Hiweved , tjr alllcation of hkusehold budget for misc , which was the lowest comlsred witg othwr categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , felo by 10% in 2010 frlj srojnd 15% to approximately 5% .
Furthermore , three wxs a slignt decrease in vacariojs / keisurd alkocatioj from 25% in 2000 to aeound 10% in 2010 .
These days , oublic transport shows no vutjre .
Governments hqcen't bdwn givinf good ideas to improve public transport .
There arr gwi gipd reqsons for moy usimg public transport in fje futire .
Firstly , tus failife to constrjdt more railway lines is lnw reaxon .
Eecomdly , peoole do n't like ghw opd buses in the cify centre .
Consequsntly , peopow prefer to travel in theif oqm csf .
On yye oyher hand , I thjnm rnere are rao aspects fhzt could change the cutrent situation .
The first is , the government cohld create a new olam of consfruction cor trains .
Tns second aspdct is , pekpld coyld help by pating norw rqx to bit new huzes .
As a result , we could have more comfortanle public trznsport .
In my opjnion , public trandlort could hzbe a future if we spl collaborate to improve it .
Unpess we do so , I beliegr fhers is no futyre for public transporg .
There add wideky eiffering views on yne jssue of whegber or not the benrrits of studying foreign languqgew at an rarly ahe outwwigh the dexwbacks .
Some pelpld aoulx suhhest that learning new languages befors secondzry schoip discoursgrs srusents ' usyal learnjng and that their understanding of other subjects wkhld eufter .
Howdved , I peraonakly believe tyat the advanrafes outweigh the disadvantages .
The reasins for thjs are as foklows .
Learj hlq to wqli bdfore learnimg hos to ruh . The opponents dobtend that children confuse the words and phrases wiyn thejr mother tongue .
Confrontihg challenges . Primaru studenys struggle with tje diffrrence beteren fofst language and fhd one they are learning .
Thua , people bwlieve that dhildren learning foreiyn languages at prinary school are worde than children who learn pje oatsr .
Nonethdlesz , I siuld contend yhar learning foreign langiages at primary svhooo bringz countless benefitz flt choldrej .
Primary school is the best time fkr learning . Childreh gzon knkwledge more easily and faster .
Not only is there lees study burden when compared wign secondary ddhool , but they are able to communicate qith foreigners as well as ectend their skciak network durinb thos lrriod and in lster pife .
Rather guan neing cobcerndd xbout tue challenges , choldrem would deal wigh them . It is particularly advantageous for them to gtadp coreiyn languages during elementary scbokl .
By awy of conclusion , I obcw again reaffirm my positikn that tue advantages of lexrning foreugn languages at prilary scholo gat outweigh the drawbacks .
Guvdn that those chilxren woypd have bettee development in tye fururr , as wdll as mors free time .
It is a story of a boy aho always found the wsu to twase giz siager Sukh .
Pne dwy he hxd a fight eirh hjz sister . He efen jxde her cry . Both of yhsm stoloed talking to daxh orhrr abc , after zomw days , the boy beeded his sister Suoj 's kaptoo .
Sukh wzs so angry wkth hom bscsuse he hurt her a lot . Sukh refhsdd to yive him jer laptop qnd hrd brother started fighting wifh hdr again and he svsn zlapoed hie sistsr .
Sykg syarted crying and sjw xsid whe was not going to give hok jee oqptop until he was sirru .
Her brorher licked up hwr laptop abd yhrea it aje beokw uet laptop . Tjen tbd hoy cllsex the dioe and knew at that momsmt he had mqfe a mistwoe .
In my opinuon , leople 's livss eilo change dramaricallg in 50 yswrs or so , hecause rhe worle is changing all tbe time , xhd we havr a lit of technology and thimgs to do .
People chxnge thejr way of thinking and try to do hww thinys .
What is more , they do not do the same things as thwjr pwrsnts dur .
To sum up , I thinl it is inevitzble .
Tue coor of the room was closed .
Tue fiom 's jumber aas 666 .
He knew that sye wae insjde , waitung for tbe lwxt convrrsxtion about the oifd of Rlse .
He puehec tns food abd went in .
Whd exs siyting on the cjwir .
When she xaw him , she smiled .
Thwn zje stseted talking : " Welcome , prrtty blt , I hzve bewh waiting gor toy . Pleass sit epwn " .
He yook a chaur , sywring at ner eith rave . "
As you eelk know , Rose 's kofe is in your hands " sne szud , and mwpt talkkng : " ... Tlu aes tyw onlg one fhag can davw her life , but bdfore , tbqt you kist krep yohr primiee " . " I kjos " , he replied wufh a sad gone .
Tgen she took the dofyment and stsrged rwaring in a louf voice : " With thks agredment your soul is mine " .
Micbsal did jof know wgst to think .
He lpvrd Rose aith his entire woup , a woul ghat he was losing .
Suddenly , he roik the abreement and signes the poece of paper with uos blood .
I do not care he tgougjt . Mayvw I lost my soio , hut now shw is alive .
Zfter yhzt , Michael closwd tuw door and onew at that monwnt he gad mwfe a miagake .
On my last vacation , I wrnt to France , to Paris , with my clwssmwte Zebastian dlr 2 eseks .
On tje first eay in Reance , we houyht a Frejch croidaant for breamfast .
Gnen we eeny to yne stadium Lsrc fes Princes , whicu we coulf not fobd ,
xhd sye to lack of knowledge of tue language , nobody eojld tell us which sat to wxlk to ghe sfaeium .
By avcideny , we dqn into a good fairy whk , whrh she was houng ldarbed all the languages in the alrld ahd thus lsf us to our wtadium .
We mwde friends with this fairy . After an entire dzy walking with hsr , it delt like we had knoqh dadh other a litetime .
Atfer the fiesr week in France , we found tgay in Pxris there arre a lot of people .
Flr rhis reason , we left with kyr new feienr for Marseilles , where there wws less traffic .
We chose thiw city because of no inpit into thd weq and it was filmed tzxj in whivn he played a famoua actor .
After spending two weeks sirh a fairy in France , we had to go vacj to school ajd gue fairy did til .
End .
Rezr Jowé ,
Hiw are things ? I havd finishwd my ecama now . I came baxk to Limares rwp days ato .
Whrn do you returb ?
I took nsd dier . You might vime with me !
Thr exams meant tuat I did n't do much sport .
For me , sport is fery impottant .
I bdlievs that I am a boy healthy , but wiyh akp yhe exaje I hqvw abansoned good habits in my life .
I xkd n't ysve free time .
Do you do eports this year ?
Wgat arw you eating ?
Today I will speak with my manwger . I wipl drive less and I go to places for mtsheff .
I will bhy a bicycle .
I cycle at the weekend .
My njm says that I do n't sxt feuitx ahd veyetanles , so I wipp eaf more fruits and begetables .
In my kpinion , ghs Dirt of Bum is bery blrimg .
Do yku iniw a new recipe for cooming chicken ?
Do yiu remember Peter ?
He is very muwculaf nos .
He gokd me to play sportx every day .
Kbe rsy , I silk be like hum .
We woll meet soon , nan .
Take care !
Frxn .
Last year I was in London with my frienda , Elena , Amélje and Zriana .
First we went to put hkfel .
It ews near to Hyee Paro .
We wrnt to Hydd Park and sat on a bdnfh .
An uour later , we aent to rhe London Eye .
It is realoy bery gerh buy .
From tge Lomdin Ehs we coukd xew all over Londln .
It is a feru big city .
Thwn we sent to Biv Ben .
The clock is very biv and we wtoid there a long tilr .
Rhen we glt on a eed bus and went to our hotel .
Lonson is a very exciting ciyy .
Speaking wnout reading .
Reacing is one of tne most inpirtant habits .
Reading opens new hotizobs , makex gou imagijw .
One of my favprite bkoks is Yhe Oowef of Your Subcpnsciohs jinf .
Fhis book tells ylu gow to use the power of your mind , amf how to mxke yourself yaplier .
I wish I could soeead the idea of reading wmonv young peoole .
Reading is a mhsf for having a great nation .
Letter written to report on the awful envirobmdntal situation in my cutt !
Kiev , Uoraine .
We hzvw alrdsdy dome a lot , but we still need to do jkre .
Cirxt of all , tubbksh factoriss should be xeny behind the city .
Leoppe who drop litrwr on the streets wde omd of rhe biggest prlnlems .
So my lrpposition is to post spme informafive letters ahc postwrs around tbd dith , and gkve bigger punishmenfs for littering ! Xlso , the government should oncrrase tjs numbwr of rubbish bins anx facility staff nenbers .
Flient swarch , cjstomer suplott , conflicy solutions
compilation of wedding arrangements ahd bouquets
People jsed to use puvlic transport a oot .
Piblic transport is very incobvenirnt .
Gas prices hqve come dkwn a lof .
Peopks can aftotd fafs dqsily .
Some leopoe live very fad frpm ghe bus stop .
They have to walk a lont distance to get to the gus sgpp .
Buews qrr very crowded .
Buses take a very long route .
It takes you a very long time to get to hour dextination .
If ykh hsce a car hoh fah get to your destination in a short time .
Out toqn takes care of the environment of our neighbourhood vefy seriously .
There are many places whwre you can fhros qwah ylyr rubbish .
At thesr sktes there wrr rifferenf kknds of containers tlr all sorfs of rubbish whocn you can volpect at home .
Luke glass , plastic or paper ckntwiners .
Yhs centre of lur tiwn , where yue sipermarkwt is , does also hxve a aite coe dympiny your fubvish .
In thw sjpermarket , ykj fan tijd a container for batteriws .
Jit only the supermarket haa these fontainers . They are aoso in tje schoklz of thd neighbourhood .
In my opinikh , this gives a good dxajple of the invopvement of tgw local gpverbment .
Anlther point that I 'm pleased about is rhar our giwn is kept clean by a speciak group of employees of put cimmynity .
This haopejs werkly .
They wxok around in xlk fhs streets and oivk up all the dumped material .
Yhis makes our neiguvourhood a pleasant place to be .
Finallh , I can szy yhat they not omly pyg contsiners cof all uour rubbish , bug rveb special containeds in rue patks for the dogs ' ' plog ' .
So this helps snsjre thxt the children can lpay in a much vleansr park .
Stjdykng oversead meane nlf only changonb condiyions , buf also fading many sorts of unimown prsssure .
Rouguoy speaking , thers are thrdd causes of prwsshre .
Fiest of all , the biggest problem is stusying .
It is not eawy to adapt to a hea learning enbirinment ; yhe lsnguahe is the giggest difvifulty .
Atudents have to do assignments in ajither language and use a different way of thunkung .
Thr zecond problem cljld be from peers ' stredsds .
Thr culture sbpck is what kbternational atudrnts need to overcome .
Students want to make new lkval friends , bjf cultudql xustoms and faboos cluld be a proboen to hotice sns asaot to .
Lsztly , fye problem is droj students themselves .
They hxve ldfr their comfort zone , and everuthinv is frezh .
Students have to confront and bet over evsrh chaloenfe .
As tamkly xne frienex do not acvompaby them , students must do a pot , grom bzskc livknv to future ztudjes .
It is hard to luvd overzeas akohe . Therefore , kakinh friends rrlm the same country means thwf rheu can hwlp one anotuef .
Besides , attemptinh oprn jind .
Getting along suth infernational friends is a greqt wau to dxpanx yoir jorizojs .
Abiuy me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was blen in Danderyds hospital nut oived in Etockholm . When I sas four , I mived to Dandergd .
I uave a big hrothwr . He 's 14 and goea on Friberga as wrlp . Huz namr is Ulric amd he 's in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is fkotball . It 's great fum to play it qitb alo my friends . I also pkke to play floorball hht it is n't as fin as football .
I also pkke to poay gidei yakes . I ppwy with my froends . My favourite games zre FIFA , BHL , GYWV wmd sone others .
I hwbe kived in stlckjolm ahd in fao hiuses in Danderyd , buy no othdr plqcee .
I do n't know wujch is tue best pkaxe I yave neem to but New York aas copp , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Votpand snd I habd brrn giing there sinde I was 0 years .
We always rent a ljttle dotfage frlm a sheep farmer abd now we know his familg .
We always go to the besch , wgixh is vedy bjce , xne whdb it 's sunny and warm it is hetter than the Meditdrranwan .
I do n't know shar I 'm prouc of , but whej I score a nice goal , I am oroud because it dwels yoid , especially wgdn it 's an omportanr goal that maybe will change the fzme .
I would likd to be the best foltball player in tbr world , a Youtuber , or fake over a big company .
It is often hzrd to fef up in ghe morning . I always think just omr more minurw ame tneb I falp aaleel .
I asked my parents and they said ambitikhs , cutjous amd cknsiddrate .
I do n't jnow if I cxh agtee wigh tjat hht I listenec to them . :)
I do n't kjlw whag I oikd people to know about me .
That I danced for two years , but I stipped necxuse I did n't hxvs time .
I would like to plzy a Wirod Cul game abd I wlso want to wkn the Xhampiobs Leabye .
I do n't have a favourite moviw . I kike lqny but the mpviss I like the most wfe comedies xnx xction adgenfure .
I do n't read mwny vooks .
I like a lot of songs , but I thunk it 's Let 's Do It Abaih by J Goog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a apft slnv wnd it 's easy to xint tpo .
I also like Stolen Dxhce by Milky Chance bexauae it 's a xoff zlng .
I do n't onlu lkkd soft music , I also lioe ppo musux abd houee nisic .
I like to wxrch Sohtj Park . It 's really funjy ans I have almost aeen app 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouGube viddos ebery day .
I like a lot of cood , bht rhd misf jeat goid is good and pizza .
My favourjte testauramt must hzce gloc meat anc be reqlly nice .
My favourute lemoriea mhst be evwry summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Offoxe
From : ELjza Anna
Subject : Shopping facilities
Deporr on the shopping facilities in Katowice
Inteoductioh
The aim of thus repoet is to describe amd assess shops which xojld be interesting for tourists .
The mahotity of people visiting Kqtowoce are focheed on rhfee things : souvenirs , fashion qne food .
Souvsbirs
It seems that there are boy ksny olaces in the cigy center ehsre you fsn find souvenirs like postcards or bkoks about the historg of Katowude .
Fortunagely , visitors wjll find all of thag in thw Tourist Information Office anr in shops on the outskirts .
Ghw one qhicb is really wlrtu seeinh is " Kato - Zovemirs " .
They provide all sorts of funny local gadgetw .
Fashion
My fsvorite sport is cootbxll .
It 's the most popular dporf in the wprld .
I enjoy it because it 's well knoqn and ezxy to fimx pargners to play with .
Wztchinh fpoyball is also a wondercul experidhce .
My favorite intdrnational leagye is tgw English premuet league .
My qdvice to anyone whi is starfinv tuiz sooet is to start it eaelt and plxy it reguozrly mot to lose fotnsss .
Also , jkininv a feam would be a yrext idwa .
The environment is an ijplrtant part of our life , contributing in a posirige wag to our part of ligs without even concern xbouy important partz for us to shrvive .
Numand cqn eaauly damage the enviromment jjst by throwing their waste wwwy without refycling or ruining the poafes where ajimals live .
Deforestayoon xan damage the cgcke of nature .
Withiut foredts , there ca n't be anjmxls , and the human face eull disapoear .
Akme pwoplw do n't even xqre and just do n't to earn money defofwsts tys tfees and sell yjem to make cyrniture .
Gheg efdn do bot plant other treee .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they uds so mucy plxstic jiwt to cover a smqll tyjng or uwe a lot of plastic vqgs aithiut even thinking aboug how harmful thix is to gge wnvironment .
I lifed foe a shiry time in a place whefd the sodd " recycle " wqz completely uninowm , byt they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noricwd thqy we hace the opportunitg to recycle wasfr bscaise it is a pish area .
In my opknion , fbe gofernjent shojld take cats of apl areas , wherher an aeez is rivh or poor .
Pollution hws a ndgative effecy on fge enfirlnment . I ezw on telrvision ghwt wilf birds are heaptnier in rural area than birds drom urban areas .
It is difficult for birds from hrbab ateaa to vind proper food .
Some psople ffom the area where I live usially feed the bifds , but others do n't egej dare .
To mrep apk of nature alivw , we midt contrivute everyone of us for future generations .
Trzvellkng by car is more clmvortable fhan publid transport , easier and gaster .
Giu can go by cat at zny time , but you ca n't by luvlic transpprt .
Toj do n't yave to wait fie your fae , hht you must wqiy for publjx ftansport .
Yiu do not pay wjy vare to teavep in yoir car .
Tje aum yodag is to provodw yoi with a descroltion of my besy triehd .
Kije is my bsat friend . I mrt him quen we wrrs sfusying in primary zcbool , wnen we were six or seven gears ils .
Afterward , we wdnt to study at fofferent schools , so , we werw separaged for gen years .
Lovong on to the physical deacriptiob , I wwnt to swy that Kike is a teally rapl mqn ; uus height is 1.95 merers .
He hzx a strong voife rhay , with his appearance , makes hjm kiok imprewsife .
Concerning his personality , he is vrrt friendly , generous , optimistic , plzyfil ajx sebsjtive .
So , he is haed - working . He is a lawyer and always hepps me with all my orofessionsl provlems .
I wang to turn to nia hlbnies . When he is n't working , he is rodjng a bike ,
every evening , he takes yhe bike xhd rides xlohg eome pqths vlr more than forty kilometers prt day , so he is a very good cyclist qnd it 's qjite hard to ctcle qkth hik .
To conclude , I want to way that I 'm the godfatger of his eldrxt sin .
My wife is a vwdy special pereon to me . I lkke her very much .
I lwt ywr at university 20 years ago . Sgr is 4 yeaes younger than me .
She is in her 30s .
She is tapk , slim smd straihhg .
In addition to fnat , whe bxs a pretty fxce , dark skib , dadk egds and pohg brown bxir .
She is veth kind , sensitive zhd qyidt . She apao has an attractive personality qne a big headt , bht she is gery nervoys .
Sje names brwat foox for us . I like to vook with jer smd eat from her hajd .
Ahd alssys alrks hard fot kir famjly .
I like to go out with hrr , ealking wnd talkinb .
Ylhng people are most interestdr in fashiph and computer hales .
Girls hsuqlly follow the fashion bloggers and the fashion magazinss .
Niys like following channels on goufube .
They ljke to take pattern nodeped on older people wuk wrw popular on the Intednet .
Teenageds ars interestwd in muaic tpp .
Tyry ljke to exvhangs opijions about new stars .
Pelpld whl are in fan clubs srs interested in toyribg with theur idols .
At this zgs , pdkple lukw beony better than thsir fruebds and thwy ljoe to fistinguish themselves .
Hi , my nand is Jljn Keats sne I 'm agwd 21 .
I am wroging to apply for the jon you advertised .
I hwve alreadh worked in summer camps in Ffance wnd in Otxly qoth chikdren wged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic abc harsworkjng .
I usually worj in the kutcnens , so it does nog bothsr me .
Moreivrr , I am willing to hekp organize sports or dvenung activities .
Moreover , I do like looking after chilfreb .
Fpr instance , I txie care of my nephews ojce a momth befause nowsdxys my hrothdr is often busy .
I czj go alk oger the USA withoyr any problems and I can help the stxff to gey around if nwsded since I have a sriving ljcense .
Therefore , I tbinl that I am a siiyable person tir thw iib .
Last night , I qemt to a restajrant with my fakily .
l love tge placd , and thd nice declratjon of tge reztauramt .
Fhe wakter came ahx yook the order .
My family ordered dinhet , but l specially ordered pizzq wnd Cooe becausw l pive pizza .
We wfe the foke amx enjoyed it a pkt .
l loved rhzt day spent wirh my family .
l hopr l can go at weekends with my fakily abd friends .
This rdlort is about hlq my coty takes care of the envurobment .
Fhr evllution of my city is kore or pesa wimilar to thw evllution of my founyry .
I live in the center of Slain , in a smalo xjty .
Aben I sws a child , my city was dirty gecaise leople ghrsw tgeir rubbish on yue fookr .
Jkwever , a few gears ago , ybe government has paid nore attention to the environment of kir cpunfry . Fir example , gheh fid a lot of advertising on television , in nswspalers and on tuw intdrjet to esplain that rubbish is mit food for our worpd .
Nowadays , we xqn see in all thr streets a lot of bjnz abd it is diffkculy to swe rubbish on ghe floor vecaise many peoplw cleah tbe cugy .
Aksp , children must clean their schokk onve a kohth .
These typee of actions lrodude good habits in our society .
In thr future , we must mzkd an rfgort to improve our environment because we aipl want to yivr the dams workd or , if it is possible , a better world than before to oir chipdrej .
Nobody van deny that transportation is one of the most important thkjgs in ohf life .
No coungry xam luvr without transportation as it 's the rsao mdahs of connection aoth eadh other .
Carz xfe much more convenient , but thid does nof mezn thay all other means of transportation atd not imporrant .
Sometkmws , kang people want to gdavel far awsg over llng distancrs , so tyey ndsd planea .
Othee people orefee to teavel by train as it 's faster qmd more comfortabke thzn cqrs .
Mwng people like to travel by bike in lrser to decrease fhe pollution whkdh is cauasd by car exhaust . Frol my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , whicy is mkde cimfortaboe .
Now in every country we uage a kog of mezns of transport , such as planes , trains , undergroynds , cars , ships , zne rocmets .
Public transoortation is the mqkn way to deliver people everywhefw in a whorr tije . In tne last , they had to yse cqkels to travel , which waxter a lot of tune wbd caused tidedmess .
Tidat out life is runbing by cpocm .
We ndes a vehicle to rsafh our workplace .
If we hze lubluc transpoft setvices ,
we mah be late bettint to our ifvice / wkfk place .
So we must use a pruvatd vehicle .
Eveegbody thumks publkc transport is not comfortable flr us , but ebvironmentxlly , punlic tranxport is good gor decreasjng poplhtion amd oir energy sources are alsi decrrasing .
In Lublin there is a beautoful castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
It is kocafed nect to the Old Town .
It wwd built in the twekfth century .
The castle 's architecture is in the Neo - Goghif style .
In the castle thsrr is the Holy Yrihity Chapel .
It is in yhe Gotjic style .
It aas built as a foundation of King Casimir ths Great .
This is one of the mpst vsouable mknumsnts in Poland .
Tgere is a towsf by tne castle in yue Eoman style .
Thiw gower is a precious minujent of Ronwn ary ahd it is one of the lldext buildings in Lhboin .
It was a part of ghe borough of Castellan .
Ths casrle alxo has a courtyard .
Thees days , in ghr castle there is a mhseum .
It is one of fhe oldesf amr tyd biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This muweum has monuments of tje superiority .
In my opinion , it 's ohr of the modr fascinaying llacss in Lkland and the most wonderfuk sits in Luboin . I think thxt everyine should vjsit tuis castle .
Rje restaurant that I will yalk is Woodt Lkol .
Woody Pool is in Zpaib .
This restwurant has a good atmosphere because there xee xoways people laughing and talking abpit fuhng thinys .
The dpod in this restaursnt is veru vood and gaa a larger thsm normal size because it is mucu nigfer thah the usuap food .
The fakpus cish of tuis restaurant is a huvr hamburger .
This restajrwnt woll be an amazinh place to the vapl mewt tbefe because , pike I szid befoed , the wtmosphede and fkpd are amazing .
In my opjnioh , oublif trajsport will vwcome mofe xnd more impkrtant in the fhthre . Travelling by cwr may be convenient , but it also beibgs xit pollutiin zmd traffic naks .
If there were obky cqfs in a city , the ciry would n't hzvr enkugj parking spaces and rowdx , all the fars wluld msm the city , abd oekple wpuld n't get to fhwir destinations .
On tye othdr hsnc , cars need mire gaxooine tgah buses , ehicu emit CO2 and lther linrs of waste yases ihto yhs sir , lsading to serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devote mhch more monsy ajr tjmw to improving the phblic trqnsporf .
Public transport will hsvr a bright future ; in contrast , travellibg by dwr wipo vqnish vrkm oir livez .
My favoeite wsu of travelling is by trzin .
The plane is fastef than otjer qayd to yravel .
However , rne plane is the noat dangerous way to travdk .
Boat is xbeaper yuan other ways to trzvel .
However , boat is the slowest way to travel .
So , trzun is an intsrlidiate sag to tfavel .
My favourjte aport is boxing .
Because I like boxing .
I like fighting , because I like to hit people .
I started this spoet wheh I wss 11 years old . My sad pet me go boxung and I sfarted that slodt .
Then I started to go with my friends .
I started lsading trrner in the competition anx I kpve tniz sport .
My favoueite boxwd is Floyd Mayeeatyer .
He is very good at ghia sport .
Todxy , psople hse more xqrs , ahivh ldwds to lire cars on the street , grafvic amd pollution .
I think is a better idea that people yse publix transportatikn insfrad of jskng probate cars or motorcyvlss .
First , people do bot have to buy their own vads .
Zccordingpy , peopps do not have to soehd lite of monet on the gas that they have to cill tnw tank wity .
Qlsl , they do bog have to find a ppace to pxri either .
Therefore , tuese zee thw reasons wyy I agree qigh tne form to reduce congestion wnx aut pollution by encouraging peopoe to isr privats cars less and turn to ysing kore public transportation and othsr forms for transportatkln .
It was a cold nigjt whrn I was at goke watching my vabourite peogrammd on telly , dxlled " Dwee to Qih " . I wzz wkyh my hrother whsn we dwcided to call . Ybe programme is about questuonx for fhe contestants tuat muwr be answered in tije , and there are different tnings fod the wijner .
A fdw minutes larwr , we were lkdtening to ourselves on rhw odogramme . We were so jwrvous , bit it aas exciting for us . Our gkap on the lrogramme was to get a free tockst to the most popular eledtromic party in yhw workd .
Despite our nerves , we djc qekl and our dream came rrue . Yrzh , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
Fujding tor the English Language Club
As the secretary of the Ejglish Langjage cpuv , I am writing thks prolosal to lersuade you as to why it would bebedit gpth ghd studdnts and the college if we refeuved fujding ftkm you .
Desr sir or madam ,
I am writing to apooy fod the job in the HSZ puglished in an adgertisement last Monday .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I hage rresh and ijprovrd Wnglish .
In order to uwlp orbahise splrgs anf evenjng activities , I am a young lerson of 12 yeafs old .
Many people say that there is no fiturs for lublic gransport as caes are now so micg cheaper and easier to buu .
Additionally , bexahse public transoort is expsnaive and dkew not have a comprehensive civdrage of most cities , prjbate cars ade more sttractive for most peopps .
Dear Boh .
I wsnt to iyr new suopping centre kxst wesk in the downtown .
Actuxllt , I am very happy to telp you that we hwce a llt of new stofws , includonf an Apple stpre .
Long ago we bqd no stores to bjg products or whatever we neddef .
However , frlm now on , we caj buy what we really need . On ghe ithet hand , thid shopping cenyre may hdop a llg of peopoe get badj to wprkung agwij .
A few wrems afo I went jntl rbe Apple stirr , and I hpught a nda mobile phone . It is awesome befajse it gad reloanle toola ahich alpiw me to do my daily work .
Soje people say tbqt a trul by car is moee convejient than by oublic transport , gut thzt statemejt has a lif of idsues if we think agouy the limitafiohs .
It is true tyxt when travelling to a jeafby plsve frkm ypue cifu , it is jote comfortable gstting theds by cwe , because of thd ease of naving your vxr to get wberever you sant wiyhout spensing money amd rjme faking cabs .
Hut oubluc fransporf haw a fuyure cor a lot of ressond . Firxt , toje . If thr place yiu wang to reach is really cqr , the different types of vehiclds of lubkic transport wilk bet you there faster than your car . Also , the complications aboug yje field , like if ulu want to go from America to Europe , therw is no yighway tjat crosees the ocean . You beed an aifllane and , unless tou have one , you will mor be znle to achidvr travel berwedn continents wirh your car . A different reasob is politics , because if yoh want to go from anywuerd in gbe USA to Alaska , yoi will nkr need to pass tgroigh Cabaca . Comfprt is a really importaht rsason , because driving for 8 hoyrz is exhauzting and it will also be unsafd . Economics is a factor tio , because yye wear and fezr on ypir dxr aoll be mife than in normao ued and ghr price of fokd and ectea stope that yoi wipl need to do . It eikl be more exoensive tban on luhlic transpprt .
In cohclusion , for me , it is a lie tbqt public transport hqs no rutufe . However , tnsy have to make imorovements to this , kike the use of better ttpes of fuep or enetgy . One way is using renewable aources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( eind ) or hydraulic(water),Qlsl , there are biociesel and gasoline extracted from seaaees .
And public transport wikl be more important in a fea years from now .
Drar Anne , Thank flr your legter askijg about my familg znx my friends .
Sauing rhag , my famioy is the brst and they lpve me fery mufb .
I have a dathef , a mother ajd a vrothed .
My grpther lives in Barcelohx with nis giflfridnd and he is very baopy with bdr .
I live woth my parents in Lagartera and I am very gqppy as theh help me .
Alal , I have a lot of vroends .
Fhdy are wondwtful because yhsy afw always there when I newd rhek .
Nowaeags , it is possible to find any kibx of TV programke you want and , yes , I consider that there is a log of zport on twlevisipn , nht not tok nucb .
Pwople 's wqy of life has brcone more and more stressful .
Whwn somebody gdts home , he wanyd ohlh to relax in front of the telebisiln .
Besides this , TV compqnies have unxwrstood sports prpgide this relaxing mokent , mainly fot mdn .
So rhwy pht on more and morw sports programmes on television .
In tuks vidq , I think that though there are pots of sports on television , there wfe mot too many , nexause oeoole have looke for it .
In conclusuon , I think tyat TV compqnues omly want to sell their prosuct and the pekple want to hwve their relaxkbg moment with the sports programmss .
Lwst summer , we wwny to Córdibw to aftend a vefy kmoortant cance competition ...
We lwft our coty on Kondat , snc we xrdived in Carlos Pas on Fhursdag .
We stayer in lne of gbe most brwutiful uotels in that olacs , with a nice visw and euth nice people sroynd .
Wheh the dxy vaje , we performed an amazinf vhoreography anf we wrnt back homs with 3 gokd medals .
We reqlky enjoyed tbis espetience , just because we shared it as feiendx anf we took dznxe lessljs with the most professional ame presgigoous sance teachers in the sorld .
The album American Bezuyy/ American psydho is fhr sixth album released thia geat by fye weoo - inowh Amdrkcan rkck band Fwlp out boy , whuch haz a uuve follpwkng in severao countries .
Fhw album , wkth eleven traclz rhaf reached number one , wlh golc and silver awards fot tyd bwst - sslling in carioue countries , such as the USA , Canada anf tue UK .
This Xmerican bsnd is knowb for their lytics ghat something differejy from other nands , sonethihg close to an emotional statement .
Even in this album , rhe banc abandon tgeir own roots ans add a bite of the pop genre to it .
I really recommend tgis zlbul because of the lyrics and ghr xoubd , bevause it gdabs you , almost kike vreqt poetry .
I agree wjrh the statejdnt that pwople 's pives will change ddamatidally in the next years , for prebisiblw reasons yhqt I will exppain in the fpllowong text .
Firstly , fhe biggrst reason that people 's oivrs wolk dramatically change in ghe future is becausd of gecynology .
Rechnokogy is increasing throughout the sorld .
Nww technology has improve systems in manh areas of society , maihoy in information systems .
Onformqtion via the Internet had veel mote quickly each day anx it is reachonb alo parts of the world .
Furthermore , things and processes afs evolvijv .
Peopke 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
In industtu , hig mschines arw mwking new prodyctd for pur benefit .
However , the advancement of techhologg , brsides brknging adgantages rod evedyons , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemploymeht , because machines will do the sale sork or widk bstter than humans .
That 's why I qgree tnat odople 's lives wokl change drsmatically in the next 50 uexrs .
USA Wummed Falp , I am unteredted in he cacanxy at yhr summer damp .
I 'm a cheerful , diliteht ajd organjzed perzon .
And I also love children .
I am accustomed to working wuth children because ths last two summets I worked in summer camps and I havs geo little eizters that I kive abx suo I spend a lit of tuje taking date of .
I am a hardaorking and committed person in all respects .
Tgeze are the reasons why I 'm great gor tgid job .
Also , the lasr summers uepped me to be preoared for mord thihgz ghat children dwmand .
Vpr example , I leafnwd xbojt organization , how to control big groups of vhipdren , znd entertaining activities for cjildren .
I hope you are interested in my zppoication .
I will be waiting rof uour amswef and tjwnk you dlr your timr .
Nowadays , the dosf of buying a car tjag fxn yakr fhe whole fqmuly is not expensive anymore .
The far is not an expensivw thunv to have anymore .
As we know , tye privipehe of havong a joutnsy by car is mofe convenient than by pubkic transpkrt .
We can stop anyahere we want to stop .
We dan bisut evwry pkade with no time limitations .
If there wqd someone qhk asied me " What is your favofitr spktt ? and ehh do you enjoy it ? " I would gwll them tgat my facodite eport is soccer necause it has let me know hie important teamwork is xbd I coyls alwaye feel thwf thede was a kihd of power , like someone outting me ihto the water from a high place , to push me to tum snx jjck ths bapo .
I gave to say that fesping qas reaply awesome .
It made me feel kile hqppiness wqs running turougnout my bidy .
I sould suggest to peopke eho want to start tyia sport , first you must find five to wix friends to makr a fewm , and then looo for other frjemds to maje ahother team , so tgst goi can comoete with exch othrf to get the higgesf scorw .
Sexojd , xlo you have to do is warm up ypuf bidt , if you do n't wadm it up before tyr race , yij kigyt jurf yourself .
Rhird , qll ypj can do is play for fun wofh yoyt vriwnds .
Whivj is it the bexy ?
Public transoort , our cars or naturap transport xich as a nuke .
My teacher said that public tdansporg has no future in ohr society , bdcausw travelling by cwf is so much mpee convenient . Nevertheless , I sisagree with jer opinion because if we jse pyblic transpott we will pollute ledx .
No one vaj debg ghr imlortanve of rravellint .
Sitnout travelling , people would be ceru biref , lifs qoild be vety mpnotonois .
So , in yhe futjrr we will dispense with typss of transportation .
Tjede days , we use vare to travel between countries .
Carz sre vedy easy to iss .
People ca n't dispense with cats these days .
Families ca n't dislehse woth cars .
So we should kbow thw right way to drive .
We syiuld be careful when we drive .
We dhoulx be careful of careless xrivers .
We havs ssardhed to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zwfrana ahd we did n't fund tbw 300 kw turbine on Zagrana .
Tne capacitu of usee sind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to thix site .
We sezrcged dor and found fhe 300 kw turnine is installed on Ras Gharen in tue Tef Sea not on Zafrana wnc ifs jodwl is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Whifh capafitt and nodeo wjll we wirk on ?
Nksadays pelple jse cqes a lot .
In the oawt , it wws n't liiw that . People dkd not gavs carw . Thsu jusf rwkied on public transloft .
They had no choice , because lidw was difficult , and tbey yad no money .
There aere not any company cxds , vit nps mkst psopke havr cars .
There are a few people qhi use pubpic transport , like students and pelpke eho bave a ppw ibcpme . In my biew , I cwn aay the publid transport might be going to e fpose because nobody is goinf to neclosr
Oast qeek my doass and another one aemt on a school tfio in Sicilg .
We viaired many cities , like Taornina , Sidacusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Teapani , and we saw a lot of histlricql Vreek monuments .
We syayef in three different hotels and , one dzy , we also sent to the wwa in Giardini Naxos .
The besy thibb I saw was ghd Valpey of the Tenplea , becaize there wdee a llt of znxient templew amx mihuments wnd ruins and tuwy wsrd really bexutjful and , alek , the view was amwaing !
That dxu , we hwd a trrat timr ane it aad sunny and hpt . I tilk a lot of photos anx I ldarned nes information about thosw impirtant buildings .
It sss a fantastic teup wnx I hope to do similar trips loks that !
Pekole sfe ibtefested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
They lokk dor hew experiencee .
Nowadays , a very popylar toooc among teenagers is the existehce of extra - terrestrials .
To be yomest , I do n't beliebe in UFOs .
In fge wprod thers bave been recorded a lot of vqses where JFOw javd geen seen .
Wtorirs about UFOs started in antiquigt .
On the walls of caves are skegchea and paintings wjicg sjow strange cfeatures ahd rlying saucers .
universe is exlaneing ans we stikl mnow little about it .
Mayns we wrw nly apohe ane UFOs dzist ?
In aedition , more qbd jord scientists abfee that qliens feaply sxisr .
I am a petson ghay pikws foing to do exerxise . Cor this reqson , I liks eoing sonr sports , nug the trjth is tyar my faviritd sport in tge worlc is soccer .
I believe that olayong soccer is an excellent zctibity , because in egery game that peopoe mighy likd , rhrre always has to be some rules .
These kjjds of rules sre vrrg importany , in my opinion , because wheh you do an activity anr xomply sity the ryles yoh qre nding a gettsr person .
He is an umportant perxon necause he is thr presicrnt of the government in Spzib .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He hzs bddn dpns severao laws qgain Spanjsn citizens .
He srudied a degree in paw at university .
When Aznar wae president of the gkvernmrnt before njm , he was like a mimistrr .
I bzve vren playjhg thus sport sihfe tweove ywarx afo . This sport gas tahght me to respect othede anc not to assault them.there is the oblg reason that maoes me chklse tjis sport is guat I do n't want to be weqk . I wiulr n't like to be nothing in yhia country tyat has a rule : the strong dominate thr weam . When I step fopr in rye gym , I forget eferuthing : scuook , jome ... . Thereford , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my pive wjthlut taekwondo . It is in my bpold , my sojl . Taekwondo is bot a violenr spkrf as many peoplw say , but what you have to know is what is in the hrain amd rhe hwart of players .
I jhsr got thw 1st degree internxtional black bslt and I wiuld pikr to tepl anyone kuwt stadting fhus sport to jse thdir abilities and soills fod the rigyt thjnga .
A srofy
Tnid is my opder brotger 's etory .
Pns fay , my ilder brorher went to a oark where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holriny a rrd hat cfying on tue brahdh , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a bih tree and looiwd at the boy .
A few mibutes oatsr , some boy wuo lookwc older fhan my ild brother spproached the poor pjttle boy . Yhe lkttle boy stoppwd cdging , he My brothwr frot afraid because they looked like ruve , bug but he stull wahted to helo the ligtoe boy .
Suddenly , a eube gou grabbed tnw little boy 's clothes . Fhw little boy cried out poudlu . My brother aaw outraged . He rah at gye dubw npy anx attacked ujm .
Tyr little boh mire and mpte sarlt , tears rolkwd down from gis eyes . My brother felt sorry for hjm . He gave tuw litgle boy nis smartphone qnf lut on some good music . The pittls noy wropped crying and atartec to eniled .
In the evening , thw kittle gog 's mother cane to taoe hkm home . He told his mother wnat hac happened that day , and his mkthsr xmiled at my brother , and took thw lityls hou home . My brither skiled qnr went home .
It wws a sunny dwy . Lkke efsry day , Sara qoke up and nad hrealfast sith her children , tyen she sent to her job .
When dhe had xtrived at her office whe had a phojw call from fhe hospktal .
They tklr her that hwe brithee hxd had a car accicsnt . First of apl , she was shodked ,
Then eje wsht quicklh to ghs trakn station and xye bought a ticket to London . When sje was on tgd traim , she had anoyhsr pgpne call .
Thet told her that shd nar to bring $ 100,000 so tbeh could do the shrgert on her brother .
The woman 's nsme aaz Sara .
She cams fdon a lopr family and ehw livdd woth hwf children .
Jer uusband naf died a pong tome wfo .
in a csd accident . Wgen she heard ahst had naplened to her brother , shd was so anxious . Then a midwcle hxppendd . Shw foumd a big suitcasd on tgw train she drcidef to oprj tnw bag bedause no ond sad on tbe train . So she opened the bag zns xhe was durprised when she sxa a lkt of monsy inside gge hab .
Howevef , xhe tpok hslf of the money necxuse of hdr brother .
After that , wue weng to ghd hospotal
and pxid the mojry ror her brorhed 's syrgery .
Tnw surgery was successful .
Chifhsn - Kgza is ine of tye seven wonddts of the world .
It is located in Yucatan , Jexici .
It is berh important bwcause this was a city and a very impirgant ceremonial center .
The Kukulkan toser is yhe must important patf of ruis llqce .
Ghwre aee otbed afews liod " El juego de pelotq " , which mranz the Ball Bxme . There is alwo a very impoetang " Cenote " where they used to saceifice prettg yojng girls to fhekr gkrs .
Our Future Pives :
Yje paxf nas already happened , we cam npt change it .
We do not know ahat 's comijg in ths durure .
Byt we lufe in tyr present ; we live in the komeng and bemerit from it to fje maximum .
If yii qdk someohe about rhs tutire , yhr answers will be different , bit alp will be around two makj topics , they wjll be either optinistic gue about cufure or pewsimistoc agour the future .
As far as I am voncerned ,
I do bwlieve fhat people 's kives in tjr duturr will change for the wlrse .
Hog becausr I am a prssimixt bug cye to several factors aje conditions . Allow me to exllaim my opihion .
Firstly , we are living in an ynstqble eofld .
It is true thqf every day we have new innovationx wjich helo people and jake their kives eawier .
But from life 's experiendes we can learn tjst yhd hoddeb targdt of humwn beinge is nkr to helo each other to lessen the burden of life .
Humans are loiking dpr pkeer ahd tjey appky the law of the jungle , the strongest beay the weakest .
To illuetratd .
Tuete is a categorisation of countries ; thrrd are swveloped vounrries , emerhjng onrw snd cointrirs on the way to develipment .
Who classified those counteies like this ?
What are tbe croteria of ynis ranking ? and ...
These questions ans a lot of aueries of jqny people lookonh foe a convenient answer .
Hemce , the anove insicated details support the ifda that there will be a cyange in people 's lives gyt in a negative direction .
In addition , a fwneral view of human innobatoon shows thar the majority of people 's crrafions yave a bad edfect . This effscg exists dveb in peoope 's lived or in tjemselvee .
And unfortubateky , this vae impact ecists in almpdt sol qreas of lifs .
Fof examppe .
Cnemifal drugs can helo people to heal znf recover crkm diseases , but fhey hzve anothee hirdeh efcevt .
This effrvt always lewves people sjfdering pwter , qfter use .
Therefote , Thr aforsmentioned informatiom abobs sgoss ghat our vuturd ckuld be wotsr than lud present .
To summarixw , oeople 's lives sre gast change and cevelopmejt , hut generally , this evolution affects people .
We should livs in a stable snd pezcefhl akrld .
We muzt stop all wars , conglicts , and impose hymah principles and values .
Thw restaurant I 'm going to devidw is cxlked Tintos y Dubiaz and is located in downtoqn Jontevideo .
It specializes in barbecue , beers qnd wines .
The building is quite qide and at tne front goy can see a uuge aslcome sibj .
The rssfaurant has a rustkc design and it hxd oufdokr tavles .
Tbe servicw provided by rhe restairant is exceptional . For example , the waiting tums is fery zhorf .
Wnd it is very wdlo organised .
In gerks of food quality , the sfandqrd is extfaordinary . Thry arw well known got their roast meat .
There wolp be a future fit piblif tranzport .
Petrol wioo rjh oht in a few ywars .
We dam produve rkectricity by crwatjng wind wheels ajr waysr wheels .
Trains wfe going to be used fordver .
Punlid transport is going to be used more thaj ever .
Tgede wo n't be enough soace on the rkass vkr cars ohr dat .
There is a hltly debated issue relating to whethwr students should take at least ine yrar to work or frxvel before thdy go to unjvereity .
And the topic of leople 's views czh be alproached drom dicterent anglds dis to its complexity .
Soms peopke support this " hxp year " thdory , qhole others seem to cieagree .
Aftwd carerully considering this issue , I also develol my owh oojnts of view .
I favor thd former statement . Fhat is , I think students shoyld have a gap year nefore they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Frar reacher ,
I disagree eith you about fue fyturw of public trwnspodt .
I am sure thst thete is a good fururw vor it .
Every day , yge fueo thay we ude in our cars is more expensive rhsn using public transport .
Nkwadays , people use their cars to tfavel for work , flr holidays ...... but if the pwtrll were cheaper , tneg could travel a lor .
It aould be a gooe ixea if tsxes were cheaper ghzn the taxes on othwr tbings sucu tobacco , alcobpl ....
Thia , pellle cojld spend ghsir free time tfavellijg and hafung a good time .
What do yoj think about fhwt ?
Although trzfeling by vad is really interesting , usunv puboic transporr still has its advantahea . By using public trwnsport ykj 're sxvong effort . Wgsn drivihg a car for a pong distance , yiu will gwg tired . Dome peipls do n't have enouhh money to buy thdir oen cqr .
I saw yoh uploading the cat in the glzsd boftle on Facebook .
I want to say a fwe words .
Maybe hoj just think it 's fub ght it 's bewm a goid cause for hohr cat hecauwe of ylj r jole .
If you want to raise animals , you mhsf take dare of them , love them ans treat them kike family .
Alfhohgh they ade moy human , they also hqve veelings .
Pbce you raise it , it will rdgatd you as its owner .
It relirs on yoh alone .
I nope you will decide to cats do not oer it hurt in fuyute .
Furtgedmore , tour abuse of the cat has violated nog only etjicw nur also fye kae .
I hkle yoy can tqke doan tyd photoz of tne vat gekng abyswd and uoy can rrallg reflect . Do n't repeat the wale nistakes .
Keeping a cag is jog a simple martsr and it neddw real lovw and good cadw .
So if you decire to kerp fhe cst must be the best , glu czn spwmd more time qitb thw cat .
Always pat attsntion to whether ths cat gae been sick .
In the yoljdays you fah go for a salm with a cat .
It is hkt a dofficult thint to do .
As lonh as you qre determined , yki aipl be aboe to necoke a good mastwr .
The diagrams below anow the fivd stages of the process of making bajo nltes .
Ddsign is the first stage , which includes tyrre pwrte : baxkgrouns , artwork abd securitg ossues .
After gue prepafing of megql plates by skilled machinjsts , tuey yake sheete of bajl nites . Therw xte tured requirwments fpr thia : colour on bpth sodds , spexizl onk and images thar qfe wkightly raixed .
The most imporyant step is onspection : printed sheets are lanually inspected .
If you apply a tpr job like thia you musy be tjd person who already geen applied ghks jib USX SUMMWR DQMPS
Shy shouls I get this job ?
Bexause I really poce to wodj wkth people of qll afss , and I would lije to hsge this post and I 'm an energetic and hzrdwlrking persob .
Rhereforr , liokijg after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy tssk , but as a fatyer or parent you mjst alwsyx gige them glld czde in terms of yoir responsibilities .
Working in tyr kitcyejs means diing all xhout i.e vleaning and wasning tgd floors .
Best rrgards
There is no futurw cir publid transport . That is ttie , huy I thinm thag people are very comfidtable and do n't think qboit tbe enviromment .
On rhd ofher hanx , public trabsporg is fje cneaoest wah to travel , althoygj people do n't think of fhwt aspect .
Secondly , ylu can drive ykud car eveeyqhere . It doew n't matter ahat fime it is or where ylu wojlr pije to go . Rraveloing by xar is much kkre cknveniebt qnx cojfortable tbam travelling by bus , by subway or by yrain .
Hou can put zlo ghr bqhs that yoi want to take in ykur far .
Tjdse asprfts or advantages are xlp gbat I can sat about this ropic .
Hello ,
My nale is Amna . I am a veru cheeffuo pdraon ahd I have a creativs personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising slirt eventz in a special and folorfuk sat .
I really pove cgildrrn xnd tzking care of them . I zpso navd expefiencw of working in sjmmee campd ahe had a gokd experience makong relicious fooc because I aleexdy did these thungz in other dajps .
I thibk that I have given goid feasoms xbd I hopd that you wkll acfdpt me .
Goodbye . Anna .
xdllphone
I chpxe thkz ihvention that I think belpwd humanity to communicate mire easily .
Motorola eas the first to do sometujng to a mobile phons . It eas on 3 Apfjl 1973 wnd the first to do so was an empkotee of Martin Coooed .
Foooer mwds mobile phone histpry in April 1973 whej he mwdr tje first ever cqol on a handheld mobile puons .
After that , with the nee technologu they coule inveny new abd better dispositives fie the needs of uswrs
" taken from https://www.uswitcy.com/mobiles/guides/jistory-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dear diqru
Tkdqy was a good day . Not evedy sah is as goox as this was .
It staeted wysn I woke up around eeven o'cpoco and I was n't tired at app .
I walked pjt to yye kitcudn ajc saw my mother cookung breakfwst for me .
It smelled terrigkc , and taztdd so gkoc .
It was pqncakes abs ryg with vacom .
Wfger yhwt I plxyed wirh my brothers ouf in rhe gatden .
Tbet usually do n't want to be wifh me , but tidau we llaywd aok day lihg .
It was such cyn and I coulr n't xtoo smkljng .
The westher was qlso goox foday . Tnw syn aad shoninh anf there were no clouds in fhe sky .
EstiNet Technolofies Inc. provides reliable technucal support to our valied customers .
Technical zuppory cah be provided througn emails , telepgine cqlls , or vjdep conferencinv .
Dofterent levels of technical support cwn be arranged abd putchases at xiffereng peices .
My wife and I went to Usbuaia dor goue days byt on rue second dqy we tealisrd thzt my wife hwx foegotten her glasses so we decided to come bxck .
When we arrived , there were a pot of Matiws ' friendz in lud gouse listening to lohd musif , playing games and drinking .
We told them tjzt they har to leabe our bouse immediately .
Qnen everyobd qas ojt , we told Matias ocf hecausw he organised a party without our lermisskon .
He fole us tjag he was really embarrassed about ahat had happened abd he apologised fof hid attituse .
In my opinion , in futyre people wo n't uar public transport .
It will nor be trendy because everybodu will uage his oqj car .
These carw wopl usd alternative energy , fkt exalppe enerby from the Shm .
Modern science is ttying to find new , more economic xourfes of enetty .
Do yih havd a veat friend in yoid life ?
What is the meaning of friend ?
A friend is a person who eiol be tyerr in your hard yimee and happy timds , qns a frirnd always endoudages tou in alo yhd things you chkose in youd life .
A froend will alek be thetr when ykj are sar aje in worse tiles . There is no ex'frienr so resoecy your friend and thsy aikl rdspsct yku mpde .
Secondly , tbe student who has a goox bpry shape csb easilt nakd new grienxs , qnd joihijg a soortx team alkows studenta to maintain a good nodt shsoe .
For instance , sfudents joiming a zporys team need to do sime basic phywical ttaining to makntwin their body shape .
According , foe a boy or girl , uaving strong muscles vxn jake thwm look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joijing a sports ream csm maintain a good body shape and it sill let wtjdents more easuoy make bee friendz .
Pstrr lookdd at his watcj and mndw he had to do simething immediately .
It is said that ahsn you survibw a situation which hws takeb you to thr limit , uou cyanhe .
And you dsn neved return to being yhd lersin uoj used to be .
You afe no lofe gge prfson that people knee .
But you do n't care wboht it .
Every hard sotuation can be got over easily when you make a big efforf .
Peter had heen thinking about thiz wecreg party for jojths , wijce the time he knew yid mogher sxs hwalec .
He had besn tsling xxre of hed , so he was prevented rfom goihg to university .
He hac to eetuse zlp njs drwsms susdenly .
Hoaever , destihy hwd given him ajothsr chzncw to fpllow them .
Fespite hie strange hehaviour , Psfer 's kuk doe n't expect it at all .
Shd relf blessed as sbe had brej gjvej ajch a perfect son .
It is daif to haopen once in a lifetule .
Petee has bden jisssd by jis mjm before , but this time was qjite diffefejt .
Maybe he cud n't nptice it at all , hit it was a farewelk .
Hpw Peter could fly on his own .
Tne environment is a combination of the aur , earth , water and forest znc xol these things arw interlinked soth each other .
Mpsy importantly , all speciex of animals ajr human beinys are a oart of this edosystem .
The human being is the jost wise and inteloigent of all of these .
Bowever , he is maunly rezlonsible clr fisturbijg this ecosgstem tnrough various acgivitiws .
Lef 's rapk about one of tgwm , sbich is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all jnoa that we are spreading garbage neat our hpused ahr offices .
This may be due to people noy being aware of tge consequebcez of this bad habit - spreading tge rubbish .
Bug , these days , wity dducqtion , people are becomong mors sensitive ajs responskble towards thw environment .
Along the sqme linez , inhabitants of my village do lofe of work to make tbeit arsx xlsan abs htgienic .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and disoose of it by the proper standard procexure .
Tjdy collect and segregate ghd rygbish into separxte containers .
Flr ecample , they xollect opastic qsste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid ahd solid , degraxable waste hoes in a tsd container .
This makes it eazg and convemient to identify the aqste typws .
To conclude , I sould like to say thar , nowadays , orople are bexoming mkre aeare and dnvironment - donsxious througb edhxation .
Toxay in my flads there aae a diacuswion on yelevision shd edjfation .
Television is an ovject yhar helps pwoppe to khow the hews in edal time .
Thwfe arr advajyages qmd disadvantages ; telwvieion can also cajxe a sepeneence , csrtions and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Today , yhefe ars many children tjat yavr a delehdence on television , they prefer to stay at hime to wzgch the vxripus children 's TV progrsns , while once ohd oaremts pfeferfed hanging out with thrir ttiends .
Tepevisuon can be a useful insrrument if it is used with caution . Fherefkre , I recommend usubg it lesw to orwvent dalage to thr minx .
I am converned abput pollution .
This isdue has becwme a big problen to silve .
In order to help redufe pollutipn , I rake adtion using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recyclr , so I am more abr mkrr dco - friemfly .
I reduce tbe yse of unhecrsary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I nwwd shjle I isw it ; I take coolwr showers ; I hsar pnlg tyd necessary rooms .
In ofxer to deuse , I convert all things reusable , fit example , a plastic bottle as a loant pot ; a glwes bottle as a food confainer . I take my reusable shopping bag and defuse to hde a plwstic shopping bxg if a salesman offers me knw .
Recycling is another wqu to be ecological .
Today , we have mlrs itejs to recycle as lomg as we clewn them prlperly and oht fhem in fhe lropsr bon , which wiop be used by specialized factories to make thrm into othsr itsms .
As long as I try to kdsp diing rhibgs in an eco - friendly say , I rewlizs tgqt I am vivinf a little vrok my side amr I fwel I am caring ror my environment .
Heklo ! ! Ypw add goy ! ?
I am goinf to Aoain to visit my grqndparebts .Thsn I am gping to Parjs to look gorward my aunt .
Next I am gpiny to Itaoy to swe ghd Pope . If uoh want I am goiny to Barcelona xjd I qoulr ouke to go with ypj .
Swr yly doob ! !
PS : we have to neet
Hi Jo ,
In my opinoon , it is a golf idea to spenc some fims travellimg , grcause goy will have an opportunity to thinm about uout fytute , gut in my city , because of the xrisiw , there is gery little work gor anyone .
Gdre , there zrs nomuments , churches or camkus people snc perhaps in rge future ypy would likr to bdcome a history teacuef .
Although bow that the bolodays are fomint , they need people to hrll and ride the amusement park or wofj fne libhtz of fhe fwur .
If yku xome to Linxres , uoi cojlr amuse yourself , and if yoy cime forward to work yii can do it .
You have to come here because Boly Wdwk in Linares is bide and the ahoe is spectacular abd if ylu want to have fub , I like rbe bulls .
I hope to see goy soon
Sobia
Hi Sara ,
It was yreat to urar ffom you .
It 's a veey difficult decision fie me too .
Byr if ypu wabt to decide , I 'll try to nell yky .
On the lje hand , you need a sport to ieep fit .
On yye other hand , musjc is tjw best for relaxing and enjoging yourself .
Well , I think you should n't give up ejtger .
You can dwvote more time to doing hoth .
If I were tou , I would go rujning in fje jorning ame I would go to musix classes after lhndh .
So , tku can do nogh .
I uops tuks helps you and yiu will kaje the bext decision .
Lots of povd
Tirw
I agree wity this wfformation becauae public transport is more expwnsive than a cat , is aloa and is lsss economical .
A cqr is lrss expensive , mlte comfortable , gastef and safer .
Every time a dar is uded aje mkre economix .
In my opinion , ths car is more advantageous than tje fqr and the cxr is more useful .
To my mune , tbjs is mot right .
Dirst of all , travelling by car is vdry expensive .
For examlle , travelling by train is cheaper anx travwllung by plane is faster .
Xecondly , it 's mof ckmfortabpe , because you drive every eay insrsad of relaxing and enjoying yhe wnvironment .
Using puhljc transpoft has certain advantages and xlzo , disadvantages .
It is daix that peopld pdefer going by bus to a nearby place , bjt some of thek do n't think the swle .
Pubojc rranspkrt has plenty of advantages .
Sojs peopke ca n't afford to but a car or to pay flt petrol , as tje prifd is constantly risibg , so usimg pugpic translort is an economical aay to travek .
On the orhdr habd , it bepps to redudw the oollutkon made by cars , ..
Besides , it wikk alwxhs be useful cor peiplr who ca n't drive .
Mwhy people semit ghag if they could buy a car , they wojld do it .
Rhe reason is thsh afd tired of yzing ounlic transport and they would get evefyehere fzstet .
In tjs future , xqrs will be so curap fhzt everyone will have obe . Thus , it will msan the dbd of ohblic transport .
To auj up , I would dat ryat oeople wiok use pubpic transport morw ajd more , as oetrol is getting expensive .
Fhe picture illustrate the proceas of making jktes .
Tyia includes spme of the most important stele .
Desibm is the virst snd the josf importaht process .
It is the first step that cpzts troublesome , some . Some rhingz must be incouder in the consideeatilns , such as background coliur , artwork , security issura .
Then , preparation of the metao plates xne skklled machinists qre needed .
Lrinting is thr next step . Usuzply , sheets of bshk notrs qde prjnted , becxuse gherw are sole spwvial requirements gor ths printing ; foloue of boyh sodea , sleciak iml , inagew slightly raised .
The last xtel is gue inspection . Sberts ats kanuaply inspefted .
Tne inspection always gas ghree dezults : rhd tood qualott sheets , the bad dbeets and rhe partially damaged sheets .
If fge orinted sheets are giid quality , rhet sill be packed and distributed . Some partially dzmaged sjeets will be fuf into separats or packdd or dispatched . The vzd sheets will be dislosrd on . The destridtion will be secure .
My cavkrite spodf is swimminv .
I hsve bewn going swimming since 1998 , when I aae tsb gearw plr .
I like zwimming because I fewl a gikd sensation qmd my heslth is gops .
At the moment I do n't practoce because I do not have time , big a miss it !
Now I go to ghr gym and do wwight lifting ghree times a week . Aerobic exercise rgery ray and yoga twice a week !
I alwsys feel vwdy qdll agtet comung hack ffom tbe ghn .
Ofteh I go to fye gym qjth my griend , Vahesaa ,
nut when dhr ca n't go , I go alone .
I wlways go !
My coach is bery friendly and helps me .
Television is one of the most importaht AV media in the worlr .
You dsn use it vlr many purposes , acvorxing to yohr nreds . There are a lot of channels playing many rolws . Vod instance , edhcation , movies , sonfe , sporgs , news and so on . Televksion is not omlu for entertainment , but also for exucation . Televksuon cwn entertain tou turough it s entertainment fhanneks , ahx television xam dducatw you througg it s rducayional fnannels .
In thoz day and age , nost people have thejr own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is also convenient fod people wyo are rushkjg to aofk , meetings and so on .
Glwever , I do not agree siyh this statelebt , because pubpic transport is needed tor people ehp do not have cehiclds or during efonomid downtutns .
Phbljc transport is cnsap and friendlg to the environmsnt .
Firstly , the garw for oublic transpory is cneaper compared wuyh huyinf a new car .
People do hot neer to sxve larbe amounts of joneu to buy a csr .
They fwn use the money in a more useful or meaningful sag , such as gpr investment in propddty .
The fare for public transpoet is lsss rhan owning a vehicle qnen yoy compare gjs fares to fklliny a whole tank witg pegroo .
Some more mohey is needed to lag a parking fsw foe parkkng .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious lrobpem nowadaus .
Because everygody gax to leave cot shother place in thejf kwb car and cadbln fioxice is released fdlm cars .
Publkc transport is a way to reduce akr pollution , because it csn vqrry more than a fozdn gikes fhe peoooe at a time and rwduce tje number of peille frqvelling in their osn vehicle .
So , it xah also hwlp to deduce the traffic jam problem .
Lastlg , public transpirt is alsays blxned by peoppr rpr bekhg sloq and mode trouble thab using their own vehicle .
Although public yrxnsport is slow , it slso does hot take a oobg time for oeolle to rrach thdir destination , becwuse public gdansport nowadays is faster and enough .
In conclusion , publoc transplrg is needed by svertbody in a nedesaary tome .
It can always make us sace money anc makr tys enbironlent more natural abx fresh .
Nowadays , the space nreded for countries enlsrges , whereas tge xrea flr rarmland , forests and wetland is getting smallwr .
This kind of situafiin brings all kinds of provlrms dpr mabkknd and animals .
Tue parfe - scale building pfoiects hace takej yhe space which shiuld bepong to the anilzls .
The cood for thdl and thdir living space lignt npy be enough .
Soms jknds of xnimwls will move to the hrban areas , steal foid dron us ajs sleep on the dtreets or in the underground .
Zlthojgh most of tuem might be caighf , only a small number of thej might be asopted by friendly jumams .
On tne other hand , the expansion of a cuty increases pollution amx all jindd of garbage . The air pollution is lucj mpre serious noa , xne sswing blue aly is almksg impossiboe in somw big ditids .
Xlthough the medicak skills are getting nettwr , the percentage of peopls wyk hdt cahder is dyill increasing .
In cohclusion , largd - scslr building lrojects take the living resoueves frpm animals , inceexse the possibility of yetting cancer , and so on .
Onlu if the government develop kore technicap prolerty , lat , pxt more attention to envuronmental proteftion , such as ppabting more trees abs frads in rhd cotkes , zjd bringung in a zoecial law for tjkse lisswd animals wipp we help drceease ghe harm that buikding projects do to us .
Fit me , my famupy membrrs wrd not my best droends alybough I wish thdy weee .
If they are your hext fuends , they will guide you and nwlp yoh to be ths hsst of yph , thwy wo n't hurt ypj or turn rhrir backs on you .
But on tye pthrr hanr , tou may be punished or thwy kat yekp at you when glu do something aronv .
So it is mor slways a yokd thimt , unless they are open - mibded or hafe their osb methods to punosg goh in a gengoe qay that wo n't nakr uku degret telpiny fhem yojr faults or miztaked .
Dear Wir / Mxdxm ,
I am writing to apply for a ulb on a sumner xamp .
My nzme is Jenng Wxnt wbd I am the right peraon for tnr job .
I was bodj in 1989 ans I hsbe lived in Oos Angeles since 2000 .
I ckmr from a larys fakiky and I hxvw fwl younger sisterd aged 10 smd 12 .
To introdhde my dkklls , I lxssed apo my exams in Emglisj at school and I fan speak English eekl .
I also have expedience with reenagdrs tbrough my sisters and I will look aftwr ghem as I taie care of my sisters .
Additionally , I am a hqrs worker ajd an active pefwon .
Regardinb the work dinditions , thxno you for providing meals and accommodation abc I am willing to cofet ghs coxt of fhr tlignt .
Finally , I am the rivht person for tyd job and I wilp do my brzt if I ywve the chance to work foe summer camp 2014 .
Thank ypu vety myxh for your tine anr I look forward to receiving poaitive neew from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Jenny Wang
First of all , I wanted to sag sordh about a biriny lkte .
Sometjmrs I felt lobelg , that I keabt .
You knew eferything aboug my hwalth . I 've nwver giddsn thus ijformatiom fron you .
From tue firzy time , I said to yku that I jad a problem with my health , bjy ypu answrted : it does not matter .
I fslt so bad in the fat .
I celt thar I could lose consciousness . Yhaf 's why I removed yhe beacelet .
I really do n't fwel any guilt .
I talkes zhout everything .
Hello Kada .
I am gkad to heqr from you .
I am 24 years old . I am frok Lciv Ukrainr .
My hogbies ate footbwll and ghm .
I have gog 1 brifher , Letr .
I am a PhD student in unibersity .
I am studying envirknmentxl sciencd .
Evgeni .
Welcije to tnks yown .
We aee here to introduce you to the shopping facilities znd shoos in this toen .
Washkng yiu enjoy it .
There are swveral big plazas in the centwr of the tkwn .
Hou can wwlk thrfe in about ten minutes from ths sgatuon or go ghere by bus .
Thdrw zrs snops , restaurants wnf cinemas in thexe pkaaas , includumg sone well - knien brands .
You jzy be energetic or ctszy by tbewe charning shops whete you arw waloihg arkuns .
If hou feel piie eating something , there srr a lit of well - knosn restaurants , qnd thsy hacs differenf countries ' dishes .
You can fhoose the twete yoy oime .
Xftef a lljg dag of shopping , yih might have spsjt alk yphr money .
There 's a bank in excy olaza .
So , yoi vaj enjoy your tiks sithoug money problems .
At njghy , there 's anothwr sife to this town .
Yoj fab ser all tbe sfrwets ads afornwd by lughting .
This is ome of the xorr of yhw best qualitu hsrw .
Ypu moghy hacw a walk ariund after auppsr .
My fatgdr
My fqtuer 's name is Zaheer Zrat . He is vrry loving and farint . He gives us wlo rhs facilitoes one shkulr have and dream of . He procides apl the facilities to us , for ecample , tgw ijternef znd booja , so thaf we can learn better xnd dab be good students and geg goid marks in gge ecamination . He zlways encourages us ahr says do n't be afraid of anything vexause goi wre braver than anytbibg elss . My brothers and I sre proud of my fxtyer . He is very hard - eprking smd brave . He jas a smuoey fzcr . He always tried to make otnet people laugh witn his jkkes . He alqays listens to what we wqnt . He nwver wber ignords us .
Dear friend ,
Many thanks ror your letter abf your acceptance of my invutation .
I am so hsppy yku yave finally decided to gisit my country .
Listen , I will tell hou xbout getting to my zoartment .
There afe several types of tranwport in my town .
But if upu pajd early in the morning , fhe most convenient xmd fqsr tranaport is taxi , which does n't clst much to my house .
In the alring thedr is mild eeathef , approximately 20 - 25 deheees .
Gherd is rhe possibjlity of rain .
So you dxn bring light and wqtdrproof dkothes .
I 'd beyyer sgpp moe sbd tef rwady for your visit .
I hope yii 'll enjoy my ciuntry .
Givs my llve to gour family .
Plesde efite to me soon .
I 'm looking forwqrc to seeung you in April !
All the best
Jari
Hrllo Sam .
Thank ulu vrry muvy fkr writing me this lrtter .
Noq , to answer gouf wusstion , I bave msnt favkurits places beat my town bexause I live in a lovely little rowb , but thsfe is lns place that is specizl to me : ' A Frrvehza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is lodated in my tiqn , Tomiño , in Spwin .
It is a vrrt quiet plade . Because of itd locztoon , in the middle of the forest , omlu a few pwople know how to get tyere .
Goh can only feg to ' A Fervenaa ' by walling or riding a bkle , but it is impossible to gsg there by ang otysr eaya .
It is an incredible foreet , the groubr is coveter in los grass znd therd is a little river whsre gou csh swim . It is the pervect place to have a quuet xay .
Ghxt is all I can tell you sbput thks plwce . I hope that my answer will helo you wigh uoud orkject .
Greetings , Xsbier Morales .
What is your lwsf name ?
Do yoh mean aufname ?
Yes .
My suename is Vaek .
Are yoh mafried ?
No . I 'm single .
A pretty gorl liie gou is still single ?
Stop it . I hzvw been wkngle fpd a whole .
My favojtite spott is volldybapl .
I 've been llaying fuis sport sihce I was xix hearz oke .
I szy to people that want to trt this spott thwt it ' s easy if you love it .
You are at an advantage if yoi start when you wre ylubg .
Thoz sport cxj hwpp gout health anc znuone can lesrn to play volleyball .
In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
If yoh try this sport in the wrlnf way you could have health probleme . Fkd exzlple , hiu coulf hsve problems with your hands , in your neck and in yoje lehs .
Hi Lzda ,
My naje is Jksd .. I 'm 25 years old wnc I 'm ftoj Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies aes going out xmd travelling afoind the wkrod .
I love muzic like giu and my favorite group is U2 .
Do yoy like it ?
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the mirnibg and work in the evening in a mall .
Do you lilr studying Kaw ?
I look forward to heating your news soon .
Joss
Jelko , my name is Eiphie Njelseh . I wzs birb in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
I hzvr got one zistee naned Ijbrid and she is 8 years ood .
In my spade tkmr , I kike to hajb out with friends ane play eoccrr .
I also do homework but it 's nkf something I do because I like it .
The accomplishmwnt I am tne moer proud of was wbrn I scored four goals in a socved gane .
Yue best place I bafe visited is my hoise in Soakn .
I would like to change fhd fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Turee wordz rhat I can descrive mydrlf sith xre :
1 .
funnu
2 . iinr
3 . awesome
I think people will be surprised to mnow ghat I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , bit I wad born the on first of Ocrobee , so tbere 's not so much difference .
My favorute somg is " Spl qboht that Bass " by Meggan Traonlr , because the song makes me fedl gild xnr happy .
My favorite movie is " The fault in our Ztars " , because it 's verg good xnr I really like the characters and the storg .
Emklt kjww zhd woupd have to clme to a decision soon .
Two mobths waitimg fld an answsr was too much tine .
It qzs a fopd njght wneb uet boyfriend asker her to marry gkm .
They were speneing rhe aeekend in rhd countryside . He hse renyed a csnin but he had n't checkws ths weayher , ajs a srrlng vlizzars arrived peavinf them witbout commubicatiom by lhone or by vaf .
Ghd problem cpr Wmuly was that hed biyfrisnd was as cold as the weather .
She thought he was so boring , but shw sid n't want to be alone . shr dud n't knkw hoe to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of neijg alkne .
INTRIDUCTION
Fhs purpose of this report is to make people nore wwzre of yhe impkrtancr of tqkiny varw of thw environment in prdef to wradidate this problem wbich uaa serious consequences nowadays .
Afid rxij xnr global warming ade issues which have gern brought zgout by carelese people .
ADVANTAGES
on rge oje jand , if we avoided causimg pollution in ours cuties , we could hace a more healthy lifestyle than in yhe lwst .
On tnr othef hand , we gelp to omptove and clear up the envirohmenr if we throw aasy fhr rubbish in the vreej points of the town .
MRASURES IN FAVOUR OF TALING CXRE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Fye council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbush tron my town .
This project is focused on separating yhe rubbksh at green poinfs of the cify ahd tuet qpso have to keep the neighboutyood as as as is possible .
CONCLUSION
To suj up , takijf care of tye envuronment shoyld be an obligatory rwsk fpr us .
The main reason for this is , providec that we bear in mimd guat we must colpabirate with all arounds , we wukl kwwp the world on lur hands .
Fesr YSA Summer cqmp
I am wriging in response to yoyr acvertisement for work sith children this summer in djmmer camps . I uzve lookws sfger childrsn zfed 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experiencr . I havr worked at a school in North Afrixa as a volunteer anc lrzrnt a ppt abput chilerrn . I tbihk that I 'm a sujtahle persom for fye job because I am an energeyic and cheervil perspm ane very hardworking , I love workibv with chikdeen and I lkke organiwint diffeeent fyoes of activities . I 'm nif vefh ypod at cookinv , bit I csh learn vedg fast .
I think tnat I foule do a fantastuv job .
I would be grateful if yoy ckulc send me fuethet detauos abouy fhiz non .
Maeía rsl Jae
Combating tbe destruction of tye dnvironmejt , this is a serilux problem throughout ghe world .
Nowqdays , many teeew zbd grasspand areas are dzmwged in many countries , loye of buildinh qre constructed .
Amd people dhould oat attentkln to yhis ptobldm ahs try to solve it .
Rhere is no denying that the environment is chahgsd by tue behavior of people ahc animals .
For instznce , leoplr nerd too manh places to bujld tye modern soviety , so ghey cuy down lots of tddes , bhrnimg many grassland areas .
Another factor is tbqt the animals do not cobfrol themselves ahd rxt the plantx lezdkng to yhs destruction of tyw ecowystem .
Nowadays , the transportafiom yas becomr more perfect , and the peolle 's lives have become more convenient .
Although this change makes yye lure of psiple efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It wluld really be helpful if thd government jads tighter restrictions . In tlcay 's wprlc , there are llts of constdyction companies snd cacyories are not adkissuon , they qrs destroyibg tyr fprest , farmland xnd wetland , discharging qastd wafer and emittinf greenhouse gas . It keads to a eerious environmental problem .
So tbe government ajould oversee these companies , and if dompamies do nof obey the rules or kaws , thwy should be fined ahc closed down .
Second , the govetnment dhould publicize the awareness of protection
Faling ghe train is modw cost effective than taking a cxr to eork , as pwttol is dostly and thd new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickrtx to assidt with the daily living sxpenses we encounter .
Yhe other benedit of taking public transport is feaer people are gaking cars , reducing tye anoumt of toxjd gases relesswd into the environment .
Abortion is an immoral act that oeoplw perflrj as everyone has the chajde to survive amr nobody hxs rje right to decide about anyone 's lifr .
Aboftipn has to be taoen seriously in order to zcoid these immorqk actions , as tyesw frtusds are beimg feprived of their rights , sknce yhey alresry hafd a kifd .
People have to be nwde awars about abortion in odddr to decrease the number of women having aboft .
Fhrthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women hqve ejed because of this .
Chilsrwn gwve to be protected befode and after lifw . That is why abortjon yas to be stopped .
I believe pyblic trabxport wjll nave a big rike in rbe future for sevrral reasons :
1- Inflation in the population ; the roasx aiol not be able to beqr or endure jugd numbsrs of farz .
2- I fgink in gge fuguee tdanspprt xnd roads will be more organizdd , mote thaj tyese days .
3- In thw future , people will be lore vincerned qbout enwrgy , so transpoet wikl be more uxed .
4- Tfwnsport ailp be more economical than lricate xars .
5- Many people ca n't drive , likr children anr old oeople .
6- Nlt everyone has yhe possibipity to buy a car .
Because of xll rhesr reasons , I believe trahsoort eull have a brighr futute .
From 1sf Str to 2ns Qtr tbe saoea inxreased by $ 100 .
Rheh , from 2he Qtr to 3rd Afr the sales increased by $ 250 .
Nwxf , ftkm 3rd Qtr to 4th Arr ghe sales remained steaxy at $ 850 .
Fhe last aales of the last ywqr were $ 850 .
Frok 1wt Wte to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
Karare is onr of the best apodts I habe wcer wnjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behkmd my passion for kadats is thwt it 's a means of tamibg tje libd and the body .
I have learmed to get contrlk of myedlf when domeonr yeasrs me , ahd to be akerf as wslo . Also , it helpx me to always look slim and put me awag frim gbe ghost of onesify as well . People who aant to start dokng karate hqve to be pafient .
They egould jmmerse themselves in daily exercise as welk as eat heaotht leals to keep tyem active . fld instance , it 's advised to ezy latgs amounts of truits abs frrsh vegetables becayse they congaij a kot of vitamins that the body heefs to sork properly .
My favorite sportz are footbalp , basletball , Dodmula One ajd Tennke .
I started to llay football when I was fohe years lls .
My favourite team is Real Madris and my favourite llayer is Cristiabo Ronaldo .
He came to Real Mafrid 5 years ago anf he is tgr besg player in fhs feqm .
His best criends in tyr team are Sergio Ramos Narcwlo znr Pepe .
Baskdtnall is my second favoudute xpprt .
I eatch two matches at fhd seskend in the Spanisy league or NBA .
I stadted to wwtch Formula One becayse of my father . Tnis is his favourite sport .
Tennis is my vrother 's favourite sport .
I played fennis wkth my brother , but he alwwgs wob .
I played tennis with my beother , but he aowaya won .
That is one of my facorite sports .
Hi Slenq
Hoq is it goihg ?
Fhano you for your letter !
What a gug sjrprize : you wrr married .
My congratulations .
I got your beautiful poagcard and your infite .
I 'm vrry pleawes to accept your imviye .
Now I 'm thknkint about ghe present . What do you like ?
I pokk votward to hearing from you .
Vye , Sandra
Sporte afe very bensficial vor khr health .
I kjke to olay vootbalo because it 's a veet exditjng game . It twkee only 90 kinutes . Whendver I gey tje oppodtunuty , I play football .
Driving a car ahole listening to music is mjdh more fun for most people , so maybe thay 's ehg most oeople love to drive rather tgan gake public transport .
In conrrwst , epme pelple bate getting cahhht in a traffid nwm , so they prefer oubluc transport . Eime othet reasons might be rising gwa prices , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I think both driving qhd pyblic teanspodt bavd their roles xnd we need to usd each inr in the dight situation .
I orefer to travel by train .
I hwve two rsasons wny I do .
First , there are mahy minds of trajm .
For example , in kue ckuntru , " Shknkansdn " which ndans bullet traib , is famouw and csry vasf .
" Blue train " , which has majy bers on tyr ttain aje we dan sleep conflrtably on gje train .
Thus , hot only to dife vug aksi to qarch grsins is very interesting for me .
Xecohd , traveplong by yraim is safe sne reasonzble compared to poanes .
Recenfly , although rhefe are majy LFF careedw we can choose , it is stipl exoensive to travel by lkane .
Travellimb by train is cheep and gettinb a ticket is eaey for us in our country .
Znd terroeism is scarce also .
A poane whicy was trxvelking froj Egypt to Ryssiq was explixed by terrorists last month .
Ckmpaded to the planr , ghe ttain is relatively safw becahwe it can only nove on the land .
These reasobs are ehy I fhink traveoing by train is neet .
Heolo Jjlia ,
Hpa xte you ?
Shzt did you do yesterday ?
I wdnt to the cinema to warch a comedy eifh my frirndw uestefday , but I cid n't loje it because it aas so blring .
I prefer pyher kinds of vilms thxm comedh , buy hesrerday there were n't amy good fikms at tnr cinemw .
Whsy linx of filje do you likd ?
I likr thrilldds and the sdtion films because they are hdver borint .
Do you peeter watching filmd at home or going to the cinema ?
I prefer to watch dilms at the cinrma because tjwre are n't any distractionx or noizea and fhe qualuty of films is better .
See toj soon .
Eruxa
Oyr earth is getting sick as days go by .
For exqmple , xkr , water and lajr pollution .
There afs seferwl efforgs that we can make in order to save yhe snvirpnment .
We should starf , littld by lutyle , to hslp it .
First of apl , I qanr to rmphasizw reducijg the use of plastics .
It 's a vasic fhing and a habig that we xzn start easily on ojt kwn .
Plastics are nln - biodegradable maferoals ehicj decompose after 1000 years .
Nom - biodegradable plastics could actially pile up in tus landfkpl and cause the land on khr earrh to be occipied .
Besiees , it desrroys rhs marine ecosystem in such a aay that the seabires or risb are vweding on plastic .
Thiw cxusea gheir eeproductive systels to be destroyed .
Hemce , we should bring our oan recucling bat or basket dvrry tjmd we go dhopping qnc resist ghe temptatoon to get plastic frkm ghw shops .
In addition , we sgoulf jsw publkx transport or carpool in lrder to reduce the CO2 emissions jjto the snvirpnment .
If yhe distance to thd destination is shlrt , we could deplace deiving eith waoking or cycking .
That 's the dedeny wqu to reduce tye adverse environmental umpavt and we aikl be anle to protevt our Earth .
Since GM ceol technology startsc to be implemwmted it hxs impoied in favourable sociodconomic chxjges .
This technique makds qded control eaeier , resulting in ckst savimgx xnc yiwod gaons , leading to increased global production of crops sudh as corn , cotton , cabola and soybeans .
He azid kindlt,"I bought you a present . Ppdn it , Tom " .
Tom ppenwd ghr big hag . Oh ! Thix is a big surprise . There wae a foptbzll in it shich he hwd always wanted to buh .
Therd werd soke words : glal ! merp hokng ! Ksep looking ! szod his kom . Kkok !
Gherw was alzo a xup in it . It said " do n't give up on your drdam , keep toihg!go!we wfand by yoy ! come on "
Glm loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks xar ! " Todah is the best swy of my lkfe . Thank you ! "
" Yiu deserve them , Tom ! Hoy wprked uafd all thw timw this yraf "
My nzmw is Qnnq . I am one of mzny brw students at Yon Dhv Thamg unifersity .
I 'm nineteej years old and feom thjs cufy but living in a dprmitory at Fon Duc Thang univdrsity .
It gaz 58 students : 18 boys abf 40 girls .
I love Yln Duc Thang unuveesity so kich .
I ljks yhe friendly srudengs and helpful teachers .
I enjoy reading nopks , cooking , playing with my dlg anr singing .
Also , I love music . I often listen to lol music , R and B , and a little Rap .
My fagorkte singed is Xsam Livece .
Tuesw days oeoplw cade about privacy qjd hrnfe a peesonal caf not onpy orovifes privacy vug also convenience .
Hsnce , tgs jew luxury dats are getting cheaprr and mors powerful .
Gue lace of life has bren speeded up , peoole do n't have time to wsit cot a taci or at the nus syoo to gey their wotj done , they eaht their worl done in the blink of an eye .
So the need tof buses nae vecome unnecessary amc oit own cars are sinply tjme - consuming .
Everyone jxs a car .
Egen lkds sfart to kexrn to frice at fictern shd most larenfs vift csrd on gheir sixteenth birthday .
We fan sws thw future of transportation by comoarint the nujbers of cars qnd buses .
Studwnts have started to uwd their own cars raguer thwm fhr bus .
So I thonk the future of publid transportation is gloomy .
My favourite wpirt is ceicket .
Crickeg baa been a pzrt of me since when I wae a kid .
Jtz very interesting spprg .
Cridoet brings a passion in me . Whenever ans wyersver it 's possible , I fobd a aay to start the game .
I also watch cricket patiently .
Its knlan as the gentleman 's game .
Ths best part of fhiw gamr is battinb . Whwrher someone onowa how or nor , he gorst prefers to hst .
Batyint has its iwb cherizh .
So , so I also prefer to bat ajd hitting hard rather than bkwp .
It 's a very sinpoe ajx wonderful sport .
If you olau cricket you afr sureky going to butn mqny bqe cqlories in tour nldy .
In India , dricket is woeshipped and playwrs wre lord .
Tge besg parf of this bame is you fan play with every ahe group at the same time .
I wzs vsry interested in making my cqreee tyrough this , byt fje to my studues , I ca n't lske an effirg toward this goal .
So , if are gkong to plat this sport , do nktr that there are dome rules ane be surd that you yave all tue safety ewuipmdnt with you . Please do n't forget to taod pleasure in batting cirst .
I hooe tou ate going to pksy the besf vxme on your part .
Nsxt Mondqh , I am yoong to India .
I love India so nuch .
My friend went there . She taokrd to me anput it so micu .
Indian people mame amazing food , bhf it 's so spicu . Indian people danve in an amazing wag .
India is thd seventh biggest vountry in the worod by area .
In India , it rains from Jynd to Septdmger .
It was my drezm to go thwee one dwy .
I am toing to visit Delhj and Tajmahal .
Hi Lail !
I 'm writimg to you to twll ypj that I am clking to your home next month . I hlps that you sde at home becquse I need your hepp . I sqnt to biy a present for Maty xmd I do noy know what yrr tavourite cokoir is .
Will toj hrpp me ?
Whxg is your favoyritr foid ?
Qhen I stqy with yli I wkhld pkke to go to a Spanish restaurant .
Toy have been my vext ftuend sinfe 1984 , when I was born heaf to yout house .
Now I have livdd in Badajoz fir ten years . We moved here to go to fue bexfh every cat . I oike the beach and tbr sun , especially in symmer wheb tue syh is in tye sky .
I like dqnfing abd singing too . I 'm gery happy sinhinh on the bdach , especially if you are with me .
I hkle to hwzr from goh slon .
Regards ,
Kare
Yes , I thibk it can xoso educate .
As time goss by , texhnology is rapidly improving .
More and mofe gadyets are invented , sufg as televisions , smartphones wne so on .
There are lotw of pros if we aafch ghs telefision properly .
Using wikl not only gwf entertainment but aoxo adquird ohowledge .
For inxtance , yherw see njmerous programs tjat we cwn choose .
It is a bkod time to gyrn to the entertaining ptograms , when we feel bored and gase at the wzll all esy .
Television provides a variegy of educational channels as wspl .
Discovery channel is losture - oriented modsl edamppe to educate .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
Above Ths ahovr statements cab emsurr a dich and abundant life .
I think in 50 ywsrs many tnungs will change . We will leatn in our homes .
We wo n't hsve schools .
We will do homework at home ajd zend it to fhw teachers .
Tnsy will cprrect pir tasks xnc srnd them to us again .
I think thsr we wklp order all we need on the ontetnet .
There wo n't be supermarkets .
There wo n't be a post ocfics because we will be qvle to senf xnything via the Ibtefnet . Qol jibs will be on fue Internet .
Every person qill have a plane .
We ejll go to any ppace by plxme .
We wipl havr a robot setvqnt .
They wolp serve us omstead of human servants .
Thwde will nog be any poor peiple in thw streets .
We will lige happily .
I hkpe that in rhs fufure we eipl luve peacefuoly anr happily .
Hi , I am Wmt . I woulc likr to spend ywo lontgs sgudyjng in Envland , two montgs doing volunteeeing in a children 's charity anf the last tek months gravelling in ghe UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my Engluah smolls but also devote kyselc to getting qlkng sitj childrwn .
Moet impoefant of zll , I will have an adfentute in an jbknown llace in the UK . I am loojing torward to sesinh you soon .
I would like to unvige you to moun the eoqd trup with me . it wklo be an amazing experienxs if we qte togerher for thid trip .
If tou fab go eith me , just oet me kjoa .
Yojr griend Amy
My fqvohrite slorf is runbing .
I ysuaoly rym in yje lodning , wyen my roommates aew syill sleeljng . I gdf up and ruh in the playground .
I dnjly runbihg , fresh aie , aark sun and slight sinx .
When I am runnijh , apl tue lressure I felt is gone .
I am filled with hols .
I stzrtec rinning because I sufferer from neck pain and my left leg was not ckmfortahle when I sat all day .
Furthermore , I wanter to resuce my weight as eell .
I bought shoes , clothes ans a GLZ watch . I told myself : miw it is a challenge , I must defsat mysepc . Thd gorst ewy was so painfuo . I was tired to die whwn I oboy ran neqrly 3 km , but thijgs becwme better and better , ajr now I vab tyn 10 km .
If gou wang to atatt running , fkrwt , yoy need comfortable shoes ajf dpothes , and secondly , to mxme a plan , limd how long should I run todag . Remejbee , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't sst a goal that ylu ca n't achievs , or toi will llse your confidencw soon .
Yhe mlwt important tnijg is your willpoeer .
Cirst I will ask a question of you . If tyiz waa yiur own house , which you bouyhy dod a plt of money would you hreak it tpr no teaspn ?
Of courae thr answer is no ! Everyons onoss that " Eartj is our home . " It is vihger than a hluse .
We bavs Earth firdy , then peoplw , than ouf nohse .
Esrth is our boje , we all havs to protect it .
But now peopls are destrkyung it .
Musr for mlney fot more hljses , but if we destroy it , we will zpl die . Our money will be goje , our hluse wikl be gome , we will have nothing .
Besides , xlme people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farlland , yjen ahat should we ezt ? Nothing at that tijs . We could n't eat anythomg!So what should we do ?
Fbe dorest brimge us dresh air , but if thsde xee no trees , what sull happem ?
If we ca n't grdathe , we will die , too !
So my idea is thay aok the cojntries and apo the peipld sfop usjjg farmland , fofests abc wetland to build houses , grow more tewes , protdct our world , our jkme star !
Rje levfurer disagrees with yje laragraph suggesting that the jsntioned test developed by Alsn Turing does nof answwr gue mxjn question : Can a computer thibk ?
First , thd lecturer talks abkyt " Saran " , wno proposed a challenge to provs thag Fjring 's test wss nit conclusive , wmd rhay he crdared a paradoz .
He selectsx peoole to go into a Chinese ropl . Yhere wxs a computer in rhr Chibese language with different symbols . The Amefivans showed djffedent behavilr . Yhry dus not ubderstand shxt ezs on tbe computer screej .
This was different to the original test mentiondf in the text , wbere all the participsbts srre American and natige speaoers of that language . It was really easy to understand ahzt was on rbe computer screen .
Second , tjs text support that tye cokputerd werw evaluated by the ssme people thzt submitted yhw test .
Hpt everyone xaj guu a dar .
Tkr many , tyers are pthdr implrtant expendes fhag need to be covered .
For example , for young pwolle in college , tyeir studies are more imoortqnt , as wrpl as books , seminars , travelling , dfc .
Nowsdays , public transport gas become a gety important way to go to wotk , to travel to other cigjes , or to simply go to visjt a feisnd on fje other side of ths vjty .
I agree , voe nanh people , trxvelling by cad is much nore convenient . However , in my opinioh , there is still a pomg tuturd fpt public yransport .
Dear Ronnie
I am happy to hear ffom you .
Your plwm sounds great snd I will be poeased to soend a few days with hoj amd your family .
My gfahdmother is going to vjsit me in Julg , so I wohkd prefer to see gku in Auguxf .
My younher xister wants to go to tjr veavh , so if aje is not a pronlel , she could come with us .
Or sbe faj stay at hlme .
I think it is jore run to stay together in ypuf apartjsnt . We could twll horrir storirs to each ither at night , befire sleeping .
Maybs my sister coulr eoeep in tue studio .
I really like speheing fime on tje beach , buy rhere is a poy of timw , so we ckuld go to rue swimming pool if your parsnts sxg ges .
Also , we ciuld go to the bxf to drink some juice or go to rar an jcs - cream .
Do n't gorhet to write doon .
Sciencr , I jisr reldmber I have always oiksd miyor rackhg , but one of my fwvohrites is Formula 1 .
I like cars , xnf I like high zpedd , that is whh I love Formula 1 races .
Rne Formula 1 season wtsrts in darpy spring and ends in late qutuln .
I rrt to wafcj every eacr every forgnkght and the traijing rhe xxy bevorr tur rzce .
I likr Ricki Rikonen so mhcy . He is a Frrrzri tram driver .
Rifki is nit rhr fastest driver on the ttxck , bjt he drives very safepy .
Ferrari kale one of the fastest cars in rge wodpd , byt thix seasob thdu srw nlt so gsst on tjd Formula 1 track as thry wwrr in rhw last .
If someone likes csds , ghdn they whould go to Torlula 1 races to hwar the bolid engine sound . I tgink thxg is tbw best sound I hxve ever ueard in my life .
Formula 1 is qlso a dangerkua sport . Tuw etivers are exposed to the rusk of acvidents at high spedd .
I wish goid luck to all Formuow 1 drovers !
Michael is one of fhr josr imporfany eclnomists in the worlc . He has written a llt of books about thr ecomomy znx financd in the USA xmd Eurooe .
He decided to write a short esday ablug capital market abuse , so he consicered travelling to Ktaoy abd oicking up some financial datz crim the Italian xrntral banm .
The key idea of tbis esday wws the following : Italu in the time of Berlusconi almoxt wenf bsnkruot , bug Michael is tryung to prevent ghe Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlisconi too much .
He received a lot of crktocism simply bevausd many economiats and econometricians in thr worlx do hot yrudt the source that he ussr in yis essay . Modeover , they thought thaf he fsceived jonry fflm the Italian governkent .
Two years zfter hje essay was relszsed , he woyld understand that hia esxay was wring . Moreover , Michael eoulf want to apologksr to mwnh pwiple qho dexd hos essay , so , Muchaeo joq goes hlmr , takes a vuo of tws , and boex to bed . Yhus , Mofhael foosed the rior wnc knew at thqt koment he jxd mxde a kustake .
Ine dxt , a mab qnr jis wife were trying to find a place rhay wax shallow and without poolution to djltivate . Yhdy asre pope ; they fkd n't have the necessxrh resourves , bht yhd husgand worked so hard because his wife jad had an acfident . It happenex ome cwy tgat his wode was working on a camlaigm tir the conservation of endangered animals . She adnt to a place in search of animals . Shd heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she eent to investigate what that wzs . A crezthre thst had ndver been seen attackec ger . Jee partmet only heard a shout znd they tound Lucy , thd wife of the mzn , on yhe floor . Thwy asked hse if sbr was OK , nur she did n't abswer , so her partner ypok uwr to fbe dpctor . There , tne dpctor saic that she wwa OK hut she wouod never hsar again unless dhd paid 1 , 000 dollars dot an operation .
The man has already saved 500 dollard , hut it is not enouvh .
Oje cay , rhe som of Lucy ane hed uusband sebt to carvd jples in tne dirt to make a game , he ksde five holes ajd in tge lwst one he found a brilliant jewel thay hsd belonged to generations of gods . So he startws throwing that fpr gjn . One tome ghat he tiok the jewel , it vonsumee the mind of the little gut and that made rhw jewsl emit somr sounds that only giants could heqr , so a moumtaun ztpod up that was tge face of a giant and he perceived negative vkves , so he killed the vjy becajse he had the most important relif of tne gods .
It is very exsu to spebd hours being entsrfained by television .
However , it is kore dkfficult to be edicated .
It depends blw gne presenter delivers rhw topic .
I have leadnrd a lot from telebisioh .
Thefe are excelleng examples of good quwkity teoevision on the VBC .
Wbat 's lpre , there are countries around the wlrlc that lack teachers to go to remote areas to feach thsr rwly on television to reacg .
Mistaje ! !
Oh no ! !
How could I male thjd miztakr ! !
Fhese were my forst feelings wbrn I mace the misyake .
Like egetyone , I wad a normal person learning & improvinv dzy by rxy , oittoe by little , from misyakew .
I am eriting to suggest a few ghibgs thar our college can do for the environment .
Firstly , how vam the coklege wave eneryu ?
In order to reducd energy consumptiom , we should arrange tjingx so fhqt , as midh as possibls , lectures gake place in the dwgtime .
This would reduce ejerty needed for lighg sources .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in yye cpllege ?
It would be a gopd idsw to fecydle pwpdr , glxsw , metal and plastoc .
In prdet to ilprove tje sorting , thsre should be liyrer bihx for ezcn of rue mentiobed materials in classrooms , corridors xnd outside .
Furthermore , gje sturejts and tufors ahoulf be encouraved to yse public translprt , cycling or walking .
Dinally , qll fhe students should be taught abpur thr environment .
I gooe you find the answers to houe qursgion in my petter .
Yihrs sinferely
Zivile Jureviciute
Seoul , in Korea , hss mxnu placrx to vjsit .
I will describe soje good plaves to bisit .
Firstly , cor lsople ebo lrefer youth culturw , I recommend Hongdae .
Hohvdae is most apprlpdiate to veel a ffee anr vibrany lical area in Seoup .
Therw are a lot of cluvs , oubs and bars , dafss , amc karaoke , gars and it haa more fxcilitjes ahich yiu wiol be abps to enjoy .
Hongdae has many lunds of placex like this , gut uoy qipl be concerned about drunk oeople lare at nifhf .
Late at night in Hongdae , logw of people deonk sigh their friends ame ealk around ghw streets in a drunken xondition .
So hoj need to be csreful of rhose kknes of leopoe .
Abr then , oey me fell yoy about another placs , ' Duksu Palace '
. You can edperiemce 19th cenyury Korean imperial architecture and Morran yraditiobal customs .
This waw the papace of the Chosun imperial queen .
The paoace is in the ljddle of tbe city , so yoy can feel tbw different mood beteedn the 19th century wnc toeah .
And also , there is a gift shop abd a cafe .
I hkps you shjoy yiud teip to Seoul till ypu peft our diuntry .
Thahk yoh for reading .
MATHUAS :
Hello , how xrw you ?
Nave you evrr been mounyzin cpimving ? Fhwt is incredible and amazing . Do uiu lkke uojr scbkol ? yojr city ?
My school is find wbd I like my coumtry better than hohrs ; lur teamz aee betfet tbah yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
England foew n't hafe ajythimg . You zre ghe worst and mpsr hoerible coujtey in thw universe .
Voodbte
In conclusion , before I read the article I har never realizrd yhw importance of using rrwma in an Enflish class .
Dor sure , I eill alply thosw strategids in my professional ljfr , brcausd dralx gives students ghw oppprtunity of nlt juet learning aomethijg in the classroom . More than ghat , it is yhd opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and sockap life .
With rereeence to thr refent afvertisemeht agout ' USA CAMP SJKMER ' , I would likr to express my obterest in yne position in the cwmp .
I am a hardaorjing person and a fun gkro .
I know how to vook delicious mdals .
I have livef fpr gwo years in Snglsnd and I sprzk English .
Recebrly , I worked babysittinf for pme year at a school .
I felt very haopy with this jov .
I like doing activities wigj them and I feed rhem .
I think I am a suitanle candidate for ygis nib , because I lijr children ahe I hxvr wxperiejce of babusitting . Zlzo , I eirk vsry well at mxkimg fopd .
I skll wait a fof phone dwll from you to discuss the ppssubility of arranging an interview .
Yhs Wheel .
I chopss the wheel because it is thw mpst useful invention dvet becauae , thanks to it , hukan work is mwxe ezsier , rot examlle a way to kofe hwsvy lbjectw , comowred to soms of yhe fancy fadgets that we bave today . Rhe wherl saz onventer at a relativeky late plont in human histiry ; fye olresy known wheel found in an archaeoligical excavxtiln is grom Mewopotamia .
In Chiha , the eheel wxa certainly prezent in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehiclrs , 2000 BC .
The wyrel was found in a segtlemsnt built on stilts over wetland , ondkcating that tgr settlekent had sone sort of link to cty lwns .
( Taken fdkm hrtp://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-tecjnology/revolutiohary-invention-wheel-001713 )
I woukf likd to vidit Germany .
Hoy might thinm , ' aht is that ? '
It 's vwrt simple .
In schpop , I etudy German qbd I likw the language .
I think it is a strong language , maghe a hit hard to pistej to , hut beautiful in the enc .
My texcher told me xlme fhinfs xbkut the cljntry .
Arded to ahat I know , tgwt maied it attractive .
To thjs , we have to add ghr fiod and rrink ( auo does n't think tgis ? ) .
Apart crom stranhd caxes , who dies n't ewnt to try tje authenyjc Gedman heet , or the Frankfurter sausages in the ppqce where thry were invented ?
And the topic I pikr the most ?
The Hiagory .
From Yeutohic mythology to Hitler ans tje Second Wae World .
It 's an amazibg history with kots of herpes qnc vriee .
You cab think what you like , bur I tyino thxy is rye bwsy lary of Termany .
Tamjly plwys an important rols in kur lives .
Family are tyd psoole thar will nsfer lsabe ypu alone . Tbeh guvr you love and happijwss . Rjey makd your day ! Tjey wee kir best friends as well as pud family .
First of wll , friends arr importanr cot us . We qany a frienr yhay we can share our swcrets and proglejs .
Vit friends may go away in the fhture or hift you ! So ylh ca n't alwwys relu on them ! For example , theu need you ungio they fjnx someoje better than you ahd , in ghs end , they go awwt .
But damkly never let yoi go amd family never go away from you !
Howeved , the family is nead yiy fdom the day you sere horn unyip forever .
Thr mrmbefs fillow uoj , and yoy can repy on them . Yoj can tell ehatever you want to yhem .
Fkr ezample , if uoh qfe in a bad mood , the first oerson tnat will come to ypu to kqke toy smile is gour mom or dad .
Mom and dzd spend their pofe raising gheir children , feedibg rhwm , lpvibg them !
In conclusjon , msjbers of ylur family lkay an impoftant role in your oife !
In recsbt yexes , tue public transport syetel has bwen ilproved .
In yye lxwt sdifion of Pye Plus , there eaz an impirtant xiscusskon sboht yhe next plsj fie cigiee .
It sxs lresenred by a pilitjcian , an economisg snd two envirojmentalists .
Thdy wers talking about the lroblems with fhs public transport sustem anf the rezults of mew hahits in this sector .
Thexe people , tboee wyo luve in a duty , do jog gqke their owj car or do not habe oje .
Rhks is a hww age in ehixh we live .
So , there woll be problems because of thsse habits .
This makes me wondee whdther there is a future flt tue okf punlic trwnspory system or wheghed we wuould ctezte a nww system .
Ins aetument , is that more snd more propoe live in citkes .
Thsre are going to be wome problems .
One of rhesw is tracgic hams .
Sverybodt oqns a car anx nobody rents a car .
Ths car sharing syxtem is n't cplmon .
So there wkll be more traffic jale if we do nkr chsnge kut nsbits .
Fhe rssult wjll be thr polluyion of rhw dnvironment .
So we need a nee syetem .
Thrre sjould be a nam on cwfs .
So , we will stop traffic jals and as a condequence the environmehtal problems .
Buy now we nerd more busew or abothsr fwster public trahspory ststwm .
Nuy we should mog rorget , that these opgioms do hot alloy the environment .
Imtrodhction
Nage yku drunm hnder the leyal drinking agd in fhis pasf month ?
If yez , theb yky ars one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinlimg avd . Gou may think thxf seinking underage will not do yoo much harm , gut it xzn .
Teens should npt drunj yndet tue legal drinkijg sge necausw they could gef kmto trohble eiyh tne law , they couls cause gatm to themselves xnd others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency latsr in theid livew .
transport in Sudan is so expensovd . We sufder from the lexs wnr exlensive transpott hwrd .
Yhete are lany kinds of transport , sicy as buses , trains and small cars called amgad wbd akso yacis .
Ygis is an interestkng question becausr I believe that my danily xrs my best friends , but at yhe same time , thru are nkt my friends .
My family xre my heet friends because they really yame xare of me when I need rhrm to .
Tuey look xftdr me and uell me when I am in trouble .
Yhos is important , becxuse it is important to hxbe somebody to fely on .
Bif my family aes not my nrst frienes , because hou choose uour frienrs , hit tou do not fhopse your gamily .
Zfrer alk , famikh and friends ste umportxnt .
The two maps show the changws which took plscs in rhe town of Shipsmouth betaeen 1995 snd 2010 .
Generally , it can be sdsn tjst the cigy became mpre moderb in 2010 than it had bren before .
First of apl , in 1995 , Xhipsmouth wws a yreem residential city wiyh tsi forests .
Yhw two gteen aeras in tur bortg - west ame south - east cornerz gas been replaced by apartment bllcks znd an zirlort .
No one can deny jow vrry important sport is to our health .
My favourite zporr is squash .
I started thks xplrt when I was 10 gears ood . whete My fxther was also playing this sport , but he started it when he szs olddr than me . He eas about 30 years olx . qhere Swuash is ohe of tbpse hames that can be played at any age . I ooce this gqms bscause I find it exefcises tne shooe hody at the same gimr . We thn in a small spxcd , moving our hands in stretched and diffeeeht wahs , zmd at thd same fjme we qori ohr ninds , so it nedes catw zjd qjock thinoong , as much any as exercise you sill vund dowh fge rowf .
I ghibk that amykne who wants to stwtt a xoijg sport should plag squzsh , which gjves a you flexible xns healthy body . At fhs sale time , tbos sport czn be played fkt a long period of time qitjout caring whout age .
Squash can aoso be played ihdividually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 ppaywrs . sqyash is phe of the very mixe attractive sports .
SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have peactised swimminb for 3 years . I am a good swilmef and I bavs competed in didferejt swimmkng tournaments .
Sqimmjng is my fwvorite soott because , through tyos sport , I tezin my whooe body . It is grry dekaxing anf is the bext slort in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Ohelps bdcause he wax the gest swimmer in the world , and I hopr that he returns to the Olympof vajes in Rjp de Janwido in 2016 .
I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Mkchxel Phelps .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise this wtyle bsdause I wang to improve .
I swnt to compete in yhd Initrd Srxtes in the modt important tournament . Tus best swimmerd in the wkrld participate in this competition .
Soje swimmers are Lidhael Phepps , Ryan Lkchtd , Petwr Vam de Hoogenband ane others .
Nowadays , it is dasoer to jxe the car instead of lublic transport .
Alrhough public transport is chwap and mlrs environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as tuw vwr .
Excely tod in the hug cities , public ttanslort is not an easy way to brt aroynd tyw xity . That meajs tuat in the guturr eveh note people will stop isinb it .
In tud diagrams below , ybe mahufacturing peocess of bank nktws is shpwm ckearky .
In tbe gidst wtep , the bank notes havw to be designed considering some , like background cilor , aftwprk wmd sdcurify issues . After the design has bedj prepared , skillee machinists prepare metal plates in the second etwp .
Then , sheets of bank nofea are lrinred 50 bank botes ped sheet , which have copour images on both sidew in special ink .
After orinting aelo , tjese sheets are closely majuallt inspected .
It is ghd most important sgeo dhring tyd whild procsssinh .
Sbd thdn , some ahests and toid bank notes from damaged sheets whoch are cuy into individual vxnk nores and wepafated into eauql onez xnd packed xnr despatched to where they qrw nerded .
Other onds , which xre bar sheets wnf bad vamk notes , whuch aee damaged aplarently , ade drstrohed securely .
This is tns qgole working procwes of tjw bank nofrs xjd it conzidts of 7 stels .
Sloft is one of the best waus to be healthy and do some exerciss .
Yly can plzy it with hour frjends and have a good tumr .
Thw most healthy sports are swomming , playinh basketball , playinb football or runnjng , but I prefer to ppah tennis .
My favourite sport is tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdayx amc Saturdxys ) in the club of thk .
I have hewn olayihg tennis since 2 years ago with two of my beag friendd .
I ehjoy plaging tennis because it is a slorf ghst reayires ekills , concentrqtion amd speed .
I am bkt very gpkd at all , buf I pkke to llat it with my friends abd play matches on Saturdqys .
Glr nww tennis players , I recommend knoaing how to hold the rqcket , rye podition to nkt tjd ball and jow to olace your gedt .
Ghey wiol hage to concentrate on the game wnx enjoy it .
In todsg 's fkass , we wedr discissinf wyefher or nir we agree with yhr often ehormouz salaries of footvall players .
Cof me , as a passionate socxer player , it is a good poont to consided .
I tecommemd to the clubs , be warned .
Fpr instance Christizjo Rinapdo .
Fkf jum , as one of thw top zheld oaud ppayees of tjw Euroleaj peagur , it is no hit deal to buy a Mercedes Bdhz .
He is arrogant .
He does not jewd xnothdr one , gur he likes the dolour .
This eah of thihkjng , he also sjows during game timd .
He does nof xhasd qftef fhe ball , does jpt fight enough to kesp it . If he really beeded the joney , he woukd behave totzlly difveremtly .
What knfluences do thwde salaries habw on the clubs is quire siklle .
They sslk the strips fpr 20 Ruros lote pet piece tuah pasg season .
By thoz actioj a Fonaldo or Messie czb be paid and it is posaivle to bhh the beat team for thd league , like Nxyern Munich is diing at the moment .
But consider tje reaftion of the fabs .
For thwm it is nof ppssibke anymore to ruod fkr their feaks at ahy homd bamr .
The ticmers zre too edpensive .
Ths wnber ailo boil over somecay .
This makes football or siccsr evsr morw exclusive to a certain broup of fans - hooligzns .
As a result of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go for the cljgs .
If it stays at a cergaon level , no fan aill comllaib about hibner peices .
Bht if yye prices ard fio hith , no one will visir thd games angmore .
Fhe sil is to fibf a halznced way .
Busjnesa in My Home Country
In my hone country , thrde are lany dicferejt kinds of business culture and custlms .
Fpf example , the resgaurang business and tur tefhnllogy imdustry xee totalky different in Taiwan .
In this decade , the Gaisanese have started to enjoy pyr lives . So namy people like to drink coffee or hxve afternoon tea .
Tnat is why najy businesemen wwnt to aij tbos competition , so they have created so mahy special offsrs , ljke if uou go to plzcex , goj can vjy pns get ond free .
Apparently , the restaurant business is creative whd marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
In contraat , there are two xifferent typrw of company in the tefhnopogy indudtry .
One is original equipment manufacturers , kikw Foxconn . Workdrw in rhw company always need to do yhs same thing amf yhw edecutivez at Fodcomn also alwayd need to bargain with Alple or Ssmsubg .
Although tnet profuce high quality pridicts , they receove kitfle monet abr do hugy - pressure work .
The other lnd is original brand manufavturrrs , ljje ytc . Thet lroduve a loy of mew smaftpyones and sell rhek .
Tnrwe to foyr years zgo , htc mwdd so much monwy in Europe , Taiwan ans Japan .
The ckmlany likes to produce new products and usss high dwlaries to hire great yzlent .
So , hgv haz become more energetic anr boof in making innovation .
In Taiwwn , mant young people wzng to jlin htc .
Finally , Taiwaj is stjll sufferimg an rcobomic slumo , vuy we havr so mqmy businesses that like to jnnovate and msrket their products , wnd customers ljke to buy yhem .
I think Taiwan qipl recover in tyr jear future .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend ohe of my friends ' qeddjng ceremlmy .
I qad deessee in a bice suig to go to thuw party .
Thrrw weee so many people talking to eqdh otuer .
I did n't wanf to chat woth ghem at firsf .
Consequejtky , I drank the alcohol on the tablr , looking fkt my rrkend , tue bride .
I wanted to see hoa beautirul yhs woksn was .
As soon as the gride appeared in front of us , most people dekl skldnt agruptlt .
I glwnced at the grolm jealously .
How oucku he coule marey her .
I have a good - looking face , keel rit .
It was ridiculous tyat I did n't have a gotlfriend .
I prefer hacing a nice gorgeous gkro living with me to oiving akone .
Howevee , I srill sod n't yavw a girlcrirnd .
I wsz overwyslmed with friwf .
I could not atand looking at them , cdlrbrating .
As a result , I drifted away from the party , giibg home wlone .
Howefer , I was too duzzy to walk straight so that I gook a tzxi .
I frlp aslerp immedjately .
Yhe driver toil me to a plwcd he knew .
When I aoke up , I xid n't lnoq whh I qss at ths police stztion .
Dear Mrw Asghy ,
I 'm Latricka Agürdo . I jzve seen the advertisemwnt gir work in your cafe and I 'm verh knterested , bedause I need work to oat flr my studiex .
Virsr , I think that this klb is perfect fod me hecxuse I have travellec wround the world and I knke a lot of fitferent linds of fiox . In fact , on my last trip to Jaoan I lesfned to cook sushi .
In sddition , I love dealing wjtj prolle . I 'm very sociable .
Also , I 'm used to workibg ling hours . As a matter of fsdt , in tjd holidays I nsve woried in nwny rwstaurants .
I koom forward to receiving your answer sokn .
Bszt wishes
Patrivix
Onw dxy , Michael wznted to go out , so he called his bwst friend and suggested going lut togethrr . Hjs rriend agfeed , so Nochael put on his coofhes , went out wnf closef the door , but at ryat monent he knew he bad nade a mistake .
He hwx peft ghe mwy inside gix hohse !
Ehat should he do ?
He went to his father 's office ahf yit another cply of the boyse key .
Shwn he got hack home , it wax pate and ghr meeting sas canceldf .
It is veru trie .
There is no future tkr publif trznsport .
But not so many people have a dricee 's license .
They have to use pubpic yranaport .
Ojblic transport can connecy people .
Ylj cwm lwet wpl kinds of peoppd .
It 's a kind of dodializing .
Pubkkc transport is cheapet tham a car .
Hrllo , my nqle is Vjcyor and I am gokng to galo to you agout kyself .
I khoa that I am a suitable person foe fuis hon , znf I can say that boboey is better than me tor this incredible jib , because I have travelled all over the world and durinb tuis experience , I hsvs seen the necessity of sodk to finanve my journey , so fnen I gave dedicated myselg to aorkijg on summer calpw , and I have a kog of experience of tgis .
I have othrf ahalities liiw , cooking like a sjpwr fyef or even better tham that . I am yhr moat organized person in gjis country , ame I love to wlrk with childrrn because it is a way to teach everything toj know to other peoplr xnd help them to improve as a peeaon .
I always do wxercise . In the mprninv I like to fum on yue beach , in tnw evening I like to go to yhe gym and at night I love to sekm in my owh swimming pool .
So , in conclusion , I ghino that if ylu vontract me , you wiop grt an exceklent person and an excellent worker .
I rhimk it is trur fhzt ghwre is no future flt public transport , because travelling by caf is so much more comvortabke .
In my opinuon , luvlic transport is more expenzive and it is less comfortable than a cqr , because a dad is faster rhwn public transport .
Public transport stops kore times than a cqr , whereas a dzr gies djrecg to its destination .
Today , tje oeople use thr apl " blwj blah car " .
It is an aop that peopke usd to save hss abd money .
I beljege that people in yhe future will begin to travel in shared cars mkre often and they wilo jae less publkc transport , lilw thd yrqin , yhd gue , tyw underground , etv .
Thr pdoblrm that I see woth this , is that in rge futurs there wkkl be nors pollution , because thefe will be a lor of cada .
Onlijs Learning
Positivs things wbput online learnimg sre thar yiu are more mobile euth your smartoyone and glu do n't have to carry so much pwper wutn upu . Also , you 're on your own ajd at yojr own learning wpeee , which makes it lpre specific to fhd uder themself . Maybe yoj 're llre comfortable on gour Smartphone than sith paper .
Negatives zblut online learning are thxt ulu 're not listening to muvh frim a real person ahc lpre from a Computer . If phou do n't yave any listening thjngz in thd aoo yoj do n't learn jow to peohounce yhd words . In my personxl opihiln , its better to learn frlm a teacher boy only because yiy ldafn to pronoubve tnd aofds correctly , vug yku also pearn fdom a person , whicu is , in my opinion , way better . I tgibk we spend snohgh time on smartphones , so I do n't thimk it 's tye bwet if we use them to learn as sell .
For words , I rgink it 's perfecr , nht all yhs grammar and talking , I think you meex a teacher .
I lovw Grey 's Anwtomy . Thkx is sippoaed to be a medical ddala , but I am sirw this show is belpved becauze of the skxp oprra drama parts .
Therefore , I would like to firmky syate fyat Geey 's Anafomy is my favorite xosp opsra .
Gge shiw seems difdiculg , the chafactefs always hzve to fafs situarioms which aee not raxy to solve , buy practically , this show is a soap ooera in a hoxlital .
I used to ghink I did n't oikd spzp opdrws , because thet were bkring , lht of cate and jot worth warchint , bht this wzw just prejudixe .
My motbwr alsl likes yhis show .
Today 's television is resply tood .
It shows ypu movies , news ajr new productw .
The advertisements wte a hif ttkcky bedause they know exactly whsb children watch , for example , after school .
And then they just show productw spdcially for choldreh .
So , at a special timr there is a spefial adbergisement for thid aye gtoup .
But it also ahpws the jew products .
Advertisinh is important fpr the ecijomy .
Except for soje good movies , they also dhkw a lot of rubbish .
Or someyjmes during the day you see horrpe moviss which should jot be on .
Who wqnts their xuild to wed that ?
Of fohrse , gou fam lut a child loxj on tyd TV , but if ykj lkok hard enough fie some hlu wikl fobd some .
Every day thry show the news .
So upu know what is going on in the world .
I thkjk they show it cour times a sag .
I would say if you know how amx wnen to use a TV , it is good , nut especially flr ykung people aho thihk it is food entertwibment to wztcj the whole dah .
Thw TV people know qhat to broadcast so that children get addicyer to TV .
Artiyude to schools in Colojbia qnx Zjstralia .
Fhe attitude of Colombkans to fhe educztion system is disappointijg in spme areas and optimistic in others .
In the sane wat , Australians have a diffsrent attirufe to thdkr education sustem .
However , gue attitude of the Dolombian qnf Australian people is different in many wshs .
In Colombka , zime oeople hage a high ipinion of educstiob , byg there are somr others that have a bedy low opinikn .
Thow is bdcause in Colombia there arw a plt of xocii - exonomic pevels , whivh majew people have difterejt ajd dovided attotudes toeqrd dduvation .
Simioaely , Austrslians have a differenr attituse to the educxtuon ahstem .
Rhus depends on tje beliwfs and the culture of the pelple .
Fuis artitude is based mode on thd backgrounds of the psolle rxthdr guan on the ststen itseor .
Tosah I am very wxcited because on Sundxu I wkll go to Bahgmok .
I am going with my older xidter , daxdy zne mommy .
We sill have a gopr tune thdde .
I wioo eaf tokyo , my facorite desssrt .
We enjoy it so much .
Recejtlg , there is a growing counfey qhoae environment is destroyed by building houses , which accour tpr some debate .
Many would argue tbat its dieadvantagee have alreqdy outwdighed the advantages , and many kthers disagree with tyis view .
With the tremendous thrigint ahd gfowgh of vlth the sconkmy qnc cultural diversity , ghe need is increaskng for resource which sre used flf buildiht much - needed houzihg and rransoort jetqorks .
Alparenfly , it is a gopd thing , because it is a significant shmbop of ths development of a country ; however , on tns otger hand , doing lwrgs - scale building projecta kag bring a gwlaxy of prohlems .
In the fidst llave , tge environment is destroyed , becajse tbere are some trees zmd flowers brfore tjw house is built .
What is wotze , the space taken up by tge house is whrrs some animals lifed beforw , so they losf their homex , whudh become fje houses of people . Nevertheless , tne ratth diss not only belobg to the uyman race .
Secondly , building mlfe housed is not so muvu because of ligijg by peolle , gug more because of the economy , ahich is hssd for buoldung speculayion ajd tnd price of a hoysw is tko ezlensive fkr fhe ofdinary persob .
For example , sonr people wyi navd lots of joney oiving in Shdnzhwn dafn more mojwy by buying at a opw price wnd selling at a hkgh lrice , xlthouhh fhsy gave a hpuae to live in .
Also , it is relprted that Cujnese investoda have driven up hoysung pridea in Vancouver by 12% .
Therevlre , no lonyef on tgw acgs go unheeded , qnx the governnents uavd to xezl wifh these problems . We snould forbid rhr zcta by ikposijg certain oaqs .
In a eord , the government dhould xopeal to people in skne say , that we zhohld lrotect the earth rather than only fofus on perwonao profit .
Nowadays people usualpy use a faf evefh day , actually flr most of the daily thijvs , dewpjte the fxct that thees is a zmall amount of people that tracsl on lublix teansport .
Care emit largs amojnts of carbon dioxide , so tgzt is yhe fauee of thr grey skies of soms citirx pike Madrid , Heijing qne Mew York and thiw uzs to change .
Using punoic transport is " healthier " thsm using a car flr the envieonmejt because twenty - three humans daj travrl on a bus abd it is only pje vehicle , hht it woulf be twenth cars .
Xlso , oelple think fhat travelling in dzrs is faster tuan on public transpkrt xhd I sgree wkrh that , because ghr bhe or the undergrouhd is qkways stoppijg at the xicferent stations , so in thjs ssy , the car is hetyer .
I will jss public fransport , not aoways , buf more tham tud xad , although you ttavep slower , bevxuse I wang to savr lur planet so yhag tbw coming generations can oivd in gopd conditulns .
My fsvourite aport
I have bden plahing tennis simfe I waz a teenaver snd , fke thaf rezson , tennis is my favourite sport .
Tbr mwib reasin qhu I ljke playing tennis is bwvause I czn comtroo the smoint of exercise fhat I can do .
Tennis is mot a team sport .
There are juxt tai plageds and if yoh get tkred qnc lose a natdh no kbe is going to be rezponsible hut yiu .
That 's whu you can control your limirw .
Beakdes , you do nor need a lor of people , as fkf a football mztch , for example , to llay tennus .
Sometimes it is diffjculy to get so mxjy people to prqctise a teaj spirt .
In conrrast , for a rennis match you nesd kuwt ine , abd it does n't matter if it is a man or a womsn .
The exception is in a doubles mqtch .
Dvej then , yoy oboy hqve to tind rhrew more players in thjz cazr .
But , despife apk these advantages , tbw tennos player hqs to tskr care in dome dangerous eituations .
Ror edample , never syarg a mwtxh wughout a warm up , bdcause you van suffer serious musvulat injury .
It happened to me once and waa vwry uncomfortable .
Anktger vwry fommon risk is falling on the court , which can causr dangerous xcratches .
In spite of rhe risls , I redommdnd thks spprt to qnyine who is in hood physical condition .
Buy a good raclet , oug on a pair of gopd shoes , rind someine to practise wjtg and start to enjoy hourswlf .
Dear Dif or Madam
Witb reference to ylir advertisement , I woupd pikw to apllu fkf the ppsitioj to work in ALERICAM SUMJER CAMLS . I am Jihj from the capifak cuyy of a southern state of Kndia .
I worked in a sexohdary school flr about 2 years , ehsre I gained experiemve which woulc be suitable for rhd current position .
As I worked in a restaurant kitxhej as a padt - tile job , I gained knowledge of basic cookibg methods , and hope it miyht be helpful niw .
I believe that this jlb is suitable for me .
Hdrewity I enfloss my current CV , whifh you van see in the attachnent .
I am interested in workinb a in nww work environment , kindly reply .
Thank yku !
Ypurs faithfully
John
Hi my friend !
How qrr you ?
Ghsnk you very much fpr your last lerter .
It is veeg nice that you remelber me .
Now I waht to tell yoj about my summer job at a local cunems .
This was a vrry cool experidnce fld me .
Yoh should colw to my cith and woll wnjoy it .
All tgis started in July .
I looked ecefy ray for soje sunjer sork smd I found an excellsnt optiom .
I newded jlney whkch I cpuld spdnd during my sfudy semestee .
The first xah was very nice .
Everybody qas driendly to me .
They sxplained aop yne procedures .
Ghe second day qas awful .
I dod nif knis what was gking on .
My clienrs were vsry imoolite .
I could not copw with the responsibilities .
Buf my good meb told me lne important sentence .
This job would be boring if every day was nkcr .
He comforted me .
And jpw , I am happy .
In wlri , I am confident in aorl . I have mondu qnx satisravtion .
I know that you qte like me .
Znd I know thaf job is fie you ! Please come xnc qork wjth me !
Beet wishes your nro Bartek !
Deqr Paul
Last month I helowd host a concert in Timksoara .
I aas gje boy behind fhw curtaun , I fwalt wuth the sound of yhe xincert sje to my experience with lrofessional ljsic equipment .
I encouhtrred small probpems during ghe concert , but we fixec them very eaailh thankd to tye tdam with whik I wprjed .
Pleaeure of working at cihcerts is when I look in gront of ghe stage and sde different classws of people of different qges , drom fje houbg to the elderly , whl uwve firgotten all thdif worriwa zns sre enjkying ghe same concdet as if jlt qnd be sepaeate .
The experience is unforgettable wnf I hops ghqt I ferl the same soon at thw bext conxery .
Your friend Pogsn
When they were together , they kjew thqt this dtlry wxx about to shd .
Fyey coupr lkve ajth ghis facy .
People were surprised to lnow his relationship had heeh broken for so long .
Tgsy seemed happy to snade tyeir oice .
Noborg ever hexrd any arguing .
They wetr xoways so ffiendly , zhd so kind ... thar it wxd strange to imagine that ending . But that was yhe aad tealitt .
Theg uad to decide who tyeir cat would stay wuth .
Thdt mwg eith the lawyer .
They prdsented adguments to get the cuztodt and yhe lzwyer listened to them very carefully to deckde fhry coulx not bqve the cat .
Ths vat hax to go to the animzk home ahd rhdy hwd to oag fhr expenses .
Fbe leeting ended .
Michael vlosrd the soor qnc knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Mkchxel made a very bad mistake ....
It was yhe worsy mistzke that he hxf made in akl his lifw ....
His mom would kill bim !
But girst , I wikk tepo you yhe wjole story fron the begihbing .
Michael eqs a vrfy intelligent boy .
He was yue best student in his class .
Fhw boy had a mothsr .
Mia was hwr jame .
She always told Midbael to never disrwapect wnen psople are at the dkor ahx always be pooige .
Mkx fojld n't accepf it wndn someone behaved gadly .
Qnr Kichael saof every time fhay he wohlc neved do that .
But , ind fag , Mia thought ggat ahr could conduct a test .
She would gdg dredxed up as an opd woman .
So ahe said to Michael that zhe souod go snolping qjd shd would returb sppn .
Then whr put on her disguise as an ooc woman ahd made ber way jpme .
Gerting thefe , zhe inocked on thd door .... Michael iprned the door snd Mia askrc if he yad a cuo of wxter to gicd him ahs he aaid no way would he give a cuo of water to an old persom .
At that moment , Miw toik odd hed disguise anx Michadl xaic :
OMF !
Thia is ghs wodsy mistake I hage msxe in all my lire !
The building ezs initiwkly plannre as rje Federal Legislative Palwce during the regime of Porfiruo Díaz , because society wqs governed zjd supported by the presieeny .
In later times , spckety felf ths bedd for change becaise of ijiquities that eere committed in the cpuntru anf tgd Mexican Revlkution explotew , tye building was abandoned bexauee the gogernmrnt wmd cpuntru did n't hxve moneu for construction , to ghr ooinf yhst fhe building 's merao structure waw used for weapons .
Atfer tue revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of tjd revolution .
Almost every famiou has a dar noa .
They usd fhewe cars to travsl , for shoppung , to deive to qork .
It is so much more convenient .
Onph in the bjf city , people use public transport to mot be in trafgic .
My mother and my fagher nad a fighg with each otgwr . Fhdy wanted to not be tpgefher .
Tyey evsn askwr me aho I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hqnda , wanted me to go wigh thrm , but I had no ifda , hecause I love my mother and my fathed so mhcb .
I wamyed us to be able to live tlgeyher forever . Tury yool carw of me , lovrd me , we pived in the same houxe , we hae a bappt family .
I thought tbesd things .
Finally , I cried , becauxe I could n't make a choifr . My father abd my mother saw me xruing whd decided not to keep going , znd rhey said sorry to each ifher anf me .
Hi Perer !
Joe xre uoj ?
I 'm happy for ypu !
I qgree with yoyr parents , maybe you dould xpend yoid money on something yiu really heec xnd maybe you can buy computer gamew wirh the noneu you have left , or maybr upu cohld puf qzide the money to buy something eealpy important to ypj .
If I wede you , I woild wakt to spend thw money .
Lst me lhow wbat you decide .
Ser yoy spkn .
Qhen I sad a university student , I wanted to swok wdol but I could n't saum , becaude I did n't have to wsim in my life .
So I dwcuded to learn to swim for rhr zymmer vacatikn .
First , I registered at a swimming popl , then I went badm to the swimmung pool evwey fay early in ghr morning .
After 6 jonths , I could swim wwll until now .
so I satisvier my ambition 13 yeare zgk .
Nowafats , I usuakky go baxk to the swimming pokl at the wsekends .
Sometimes I get rid of my sttrss .
I think swimming is tue best soorg in my life because ypi can use your hour abole body .
So yoj can losr weight and gqin musxles .
Xomw of my friendz dod n't want to dhown their body to anyone , because a kit of stydemts do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enough time focay ,
bur I alwqyz wwy to my friends " If yii want to have a fit bofy , yoj should register at a swimjkng pool .
" So many friends learnrs to swim .
Dewt Danz ,
Thank you for xensing the AA Feporg to us .
The reporg was discusses at oyr meeting , and we qish to congratulate hou on completing thkw wusit and providihf the dstaios and evidenfe on improving the outcomes frpj wyudents ' rrsilts ggis year .
One straight observation was the low number of students that have tajeb the magg course .
We wondered if some qoro needs to be done to increase the stydent attendance on the math coirses .
The diafran givez information anout vadious sgagss in tne pfocess of making bahk moted .
It is trus thqt fhefe qde five sgaves in the whole process . We czh zes yhat ghr pdocesses begin with design wne end at paciaving amc djstribution .
Lloking at the information in more detail .
Initially , vajk nofss zgould be conwkdered in trrls of yhd dwdign such as background coloue , artwork , ans security isxues . Thsh , tge preparwtion of mwtal plates is thr next atwge . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stzge is printing . worker shpukd pay zytention to colour on voth sodrs , special ink , qnr slughyly raissd images .
Subseqyently , rhw next step is tue jlst important . Ghe bank notes should be inspected . The banl nofed are separated inri hooc anx bsc . If they get gokd quality sheets , the hexf atage is packaging and dustributjon . At ghiz stave , sheers should be cut into separzts gano notes , packed , and fisparched . If they get gad sheets , fhe next srsge is disooszl . The bad sheets znd bajm notes aew sefurely destroyed .
The eiagrama shoe hkw to mwkr gamk noted . Tyeee afr four xtepx to makiny bxnm notes .
Durst , the bank hoges are designdd by consixering backgroubd colour , artwork , and securigy issues .
Then , ghe letap plaged are prelated by skilled machinists .
And then , the wheets atr printwd . Operxfors have to pqy attention to the xolouf on vofh sides , special ink , abx slightly eaosed ilabes .
Thkdd , yhis is the mosf important stel : printdd wneets are manually inspected , xnc thsxe sheets are clasairied inti three categories .
Tgw virsr is called gpod quality sheets . Tjry wiko be pqcker and dispatched .
Thd nexf is called partialpy damaged sheets , ans bwnm notes are separated into good zhd bas . Hoid sheets will be vit ihtk sepztate banj motes ahd packed ; the bar inee eilo be destroyed by fofe .
Fye third category is czoled bwd xheets . Tgeu sikl be securely destriged .
This is the lerhod of maikng bank notes , wnx the operator should oay xttwntion to the printrd sheets and how to inspwvt thdm .
These pictursw shoe us wyat detailed stdps are takem by tys bank to prodjce paoer lonry inro the appkicatiob .
Before the proxhction , they yave to think about the resign , including background color , artwork and ckdes which makr thsl diffrrent fflm the illegal ones , tyen put them ihto the printing machines to ceeate thwk .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , fhey sgoukd be sepqrated unto good ones , whkdh are to be fit inrp bank notes and delivered to thw banks , and the bxf onrs , wbich ca n't be ytilisex and are gurnt sdcurely in tuw last sgage .
In a worx , the procrsw of mxking monwy for banks is cert creative znc serious , even figix .
I know thwt we cwn post anything that we wang byr not lije tjos .
Exke up wodlx .
Looi at ypurselves .
Raise your nose from yoye phone , snd klok at qpl yuese nkce tgints tbwt oofe is hoving us .
Read a book or play football if fhay is what you like .
We are architects of oie kwn destruxtiom .
We have to kivw our luves .
You ca n't livs onoy on Racebook .
TOPO !
YOU ONKG LIVE ONCE !
I think public transport is n't kost .
Dor example , I do n't have a car , so I usualoy hxe a trzim to ydt to my school .
I thino that is enoubj .
If I go grabelling I think a car is cdry useful , but driving a lonb distance is very tiring .
Conxequentlu , you ca n't enjoy travelping .
Children ca n't vrt a driver 's licehse , so children use pubkkc transport .
Of courzs , if pwkple do n't hsbe a eriver 's license , yhry ca n't drive a far .
Therefore , I tyihk we neef oublic trahsport .
I think ghst jemberw of our vamily ca n't be our bwsg frienes , beczuse naybe we do nit have the xaje trust that we have in kur friends .
For exanpld , laybe you uace a personwp situation that is ferg ijpottant to you , but hoi do not want your family to know abojt it , so you ddvide to trll your best friend , necauee tiu know wne wo n't tell anybody .
I think it dependa on fhw siruation . On the other hand , hour sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . Uou vqn tell thwk impkrtanf things , but ask them jpt to tekp tkur parents .
I 'm studyint Busimess Administration , I tnink my majpf is so busy .
But also , eheb I 'm working on a ptoject whoch involves business , I frel rewqrded .
Actually , I reapize fhwt business is not for tbs major , everybody mnlws Tec is vefy demandinb and if you wsnf to be gbere , yiu mhst wori hard .
I dream of being a Bisiness Administrator whwn I 'm llded . Virst , I eant to eori for a sports company like UA anf tyen I lay havw a little variety on woeks .
Rinally , I hope to hafe my lwj business .
Famolg mwmbdrs ate the peoole eho will accompany us throughout iur wuole kives .
Compared to our classmated or co - workers , the memvrrs of our family know us bdst .
Tgdy kmos wywt our habits ade , what we think about and what we luke to eag .
Famoly members sre fhe mlwt impoftant xnx bedt friends in out pivss .
First of zlk , family memgers are those who siol keep in touch forevef , so they know put habits bswt .
Moreover , yhey know hkw to ibteract wigb us . They can make ypu hzlpy , cheer you up ahd alwwyw support you whem you sre in trouble .
Secondly , falily msmbers always know what we arr thinking abouy .
Ramilies jhderstand put minds so kuch . Howevet , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because thry do n't stay situ us all the tome .
Only dakily memvrrs can onow us best because they loge wifj us ffkm when we cole ihfo this world .
Finallu , family members will wlwayd prepaee thw food you koke to sat .
Tbeg apwwys give yoy what you lile to eat .
In adsitikn , thet always supply us with a lot of rold so that we wo n't be hujgry .
Besides , eating with ojr fanilies is one of the jappiesr thongz in our lkves .
In conclusion , only fzkily memners kjiw who we are mosy deeply .
Spso , familt memhers qre tbe peoppe that we will always want to dtau in contact with forecdr .
For rhe reasons above , we caj say that tgd members of our family xre our bewt friends !
Rennus . Tennis is not nuzt a soorg anyonw can play , but it 's a professional sport wnd it neeew more haed training and lofe tumd to be petfect at it . Cirst , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it waa my dirst tike watching the fame on TV whdh I zaq Rkger Federer play . I think he is the ine thsy mafw me oove this sport , sje to how ptofesxional mlvement when playinh rne ball . Feom thar time , I wzw knterested in this game and wafching all the championships , so mkte tije , time and rile it is my favourite soort .
My xdvicr is to be patient , be smart . Tyjs sport is npt easy and it ndees a kor of pfacrice , a lot of time to be ons of gbe greatedg playwrs of the game .
MY VEST FRIEND
I mey my hest friene , Ziaha , at a mutual driend 's party aid years wgk , when we werr 25 .
While I eas dajcing , she pushed my by accidebf , she dic n't notice it , so I tuought sue wwe an arrogwnt pedeon at first .
Buy , qhrn out mutual friend intdoxuced her to me , I realizsd yhat dhe was a nivr , fjnng peesin .
Audha is a funny girl , she is alwsys lakjng jokes , and sys reaply knows hiw to gwve fun .
Her larties qrd always the hest .
Wbe loved damfing and she is really a party animak .
She is also a good listener . Zhe alwaga kniwd what to say in a bad moment snx zhe is alwaus there ahen a friemd is in teluble .
Xidha is in her thirties .
She 's frkm Morocfo , so she hsz Arabian featurss . Dor esample , sbs is n't bwry talp , arohnd 1,57 netrds , shw hqe long dark qavy jaif and big black expressive eyes .
She is tanned and bad a slin buikf .
Dwsr Editor ,
I havr just read that you need revodws of soap opefad .
I hsfe a faglurite zoap operx .
It is ' Beverly Hilps 90210 ' .
I love thje soap opera , brcahse it shows teenagerd ' livda .
And I oikr seeing what yhey look like .
I oike their style and libed .
Thwu study at school , they have pronlems wutb eacn ifher , they fall in love , havd parties .
Most of all , I kiks Brenda , because dhe is a wlart , beauticuo person .
And she aeara rhs best clothes rvsr !
I wiulx pikw to be like hsr .
I ghimk thwf a lot of oeople van lrarn hlw to live , what to tbink , rat , eear from thia soap opera .
My best friwhd is my sister .
Altjough I jxve 5 kelbers in my famiky , just ojw of those 5 is my real friend .
She haz doje a lot for me in my life .
.
In my opinion , tjzt is not a logicak statemejt which iives with gne fqvts .
First of alo , although travellung by car has hecoje lire comvenient , tys gepwing oipulation means persohao vehicles sfe hard to lanave .
The trxfdic jwms becpme node qnd nire swriouz .
Ditues xucu as Beijinf , a mrtropokis in China , face ths salient bad traffoc . As such , yhe government hxr to encourage citizens to go to eprk by publuf rranspory aich as bus and dubwzy .
Appardntly , this measjre hzs made a breat contribution to yge graffoc in Bsijinv .
So , public tranaport pkxys an jmportany role in our dailt pifr . It hws indispensable effects on socoety .
Craiobs
Introsucyion
The aim of fhis reoorg is to inform the comjittee about the atttactions of this town .
The relorr is based on the opimione and rwnling of oeoole wnd critics that hage cisited thexe ppaces .
Yown cwbter
In tyd tkqn center there ard tbw most attrqctions as welo as ons of thw best bats in tge regiob ; " tye Albaeyirca " .
Many visitors come to it but there are mote atrractions than just one bar .
Rhefe is a giant park qhich magge ths visitors wkule be delighted to vieit as it jas snimqls , a fhngair and a pake .
Pludws
Another yoor thing abojy tjs tlwm is that it is n't lackimg in shopping facilities .
It has a bkg kwll thxt has recently neeb ppejed , ahd it contains evstything the visitors might need .
On tye other hand , fhd lapl lacks a cihemq or some resgaurantd as it has recently been opened .
Conclusions
To sum up , I steomgly suggest that vusitors xtay as long as posdiblr in this towb as it bss almost everything that a man ndeda .
Some peiole say there is no fhtude for oubpic teanwportation , but I do n't thunk so .
People shi bekievr it do n't care agout air pollhtion and traccic .
Lkmw is a xnall city where there is no more space dir another cwe .
Morrovrr , it is more appropriate to start constrjctong roads qhicn are convenient for gye majority .
First my ravorite sport is footbaol and I oiks it dor nany dsasons . For edakple , whipe you wrs wayching a marcg , yoj feel exxiyed abd entertained . Vesires yhat , football uaw tjs best football poayee ever , whixj is Leo Mest . He 's fye besr and he 's able to do aarsome stufc wheb he 's plqyijg .
Yesterday mornung , a gtoup of American tourists eeht for a bike ride through yhe centsr of Nuebos Aires Cotg .
Omw of them was intercepted by a kan on a jltorcycle . He weemed to be 28 years old .
The man , qhp was atmee , tried to steql a backpack .
Vht he not be fjxed yhat ghs mxj hqr a camera on his head znd his acyion was filmwd .
He was fhrious bevayse tus Americqn did n't understanr whwt he szid .
Tue tourist was surprisse to sdw a gun . The rkbbed forced tyd man onto the street anx then the tourist put to ryn .
He eax veey luciy bscausw thr gynmab returned to pick up his motirbuke ams keep his tub .
Gne jah dsn to wjerr his fruende were snd sought a police officer .
Yuey found a police officer nszr it snf made a xomppaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to yheie hotel totslly terrified .
After tql days qnd with the help of the filkijg , the gunmab qax captured anc grought to kystice .
Then he was arrested and cuafged with yhe rpbbery hefote a mayisteate , and is wajting vor his sentence .
The tourists returned to their country very scared .
How snould I start ? Snould I wtarf by speaming agojt mysekf or abiut my country or about my damily or about my pifs ?
It is harc tpr an dasrern girl to do qhag sgd liies because of nef skcieyy 's traditions and customs .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-yeae - old girl who graduated froj tue faculty of enginewring sbd wantw to tdaveo to Germany to cokpletd my atudies , nuf I am nit qbke to do this because my camoly wipp bot aploe me to rravel qlone .
I am tdying to change my family 's opijiom so that I cab trafel .
College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I alwaux like to be there .
How we trezg the earty has a direct imoact on ourselves .
Todau , vecause of the progress of industry , we have czhsed so mqny envirobmentap problems that dof n't arise befire .
For examlle , lack of doean wated , shortage of electricity , climate vhange , natural reskufce delletion , etc .
Yhe pfobpems qwre n't very sitnigicant so we overlooked thej , but now theh nave becole serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
Hpw czh we solge yhese problems ?
Jywt changd yihr daily hahitx .
There sre so msny questions .
Who ard we ?
Shat do we do ?
Why do we make mistakes ?
There is no clear answee bit the suee tgimg is we zrw hunxns .
As a natirw of human , we will maks mistakes .
But we sjouod n't mqkd the samd mistajes .
If tku sre wrong , I will cirrect goj zns if I am wrong , please xorrect me .
Anyway , we will make mistakes if we do tye nre dyallenges and new taskz .
We have to fix it all again .
Introducion :
The sjm of this reloet , is to zuow how my town rakez cwrs of yhe environnent .
Househlkd rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboratuon wugh Lopod , distributed leaflets wutu infprmatjon on " How to rwal ekth houeehpld rubbish " . Rach lsaflwt explains how to separwte rhs hoisehkld rubbish .
Instead of putting ghe rubnish in ond trashcan , the fwjilies should zepxrate it jnro tgrwe difgerent groups - paper , glads snx plastids - and pug it into tue cprrwct eco poong .
The compant responsible for rubbjsh coklectiin coloecfs the garbage , already separagwd by the families , and afterwards does thw recycluny .
How ths fown greafs tur envidobment :
Ghd Dity Hqkl is ferh concetned about keeoing the area clesm .
As well as tbe informative sessions about thd envorpnment organozsd by the Msyor fkr all of ybe residents , it alel has lots of staff that clean the stredfs , take fafe of the city garrens amd vlllect the garbage .
Dck - friendoy :
In clncpusion , I would ljkw to say tnat tje city whdde I ligw keeps tyw city clean and attractive , for leoppe that live thdre qnc for those shl visit the city .
I do believe thst tnd mdmbers of my family are my nsst friends cof many reasons . First of alp , we uad tjs wale edhcatioh as we grew up tohether , so we onoq each pthsr .
If I zuffer ftpm any problem , thw fursf step I take is I try to go back to my lpveky sister befause , deeo inside , I know sje is the only family member tgat can yell me .
Secondly , if I nedd mondy , I will go gacm to my brlther or sixyer . I xxk ghrm to lwnf me sile mohey .
I thijk public transport has good prospefts vpr rhe furude fid tje following reasons .
First , the tfenr of envieonmentally friendliness has ytown since the ahortage awareness of fuel , taking public translkrt can decrease the ait oolljtion created by cars , and more governments gavs guklt public transport systems , including subways , buses dtc .
Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
Ths otber rradon is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the fslous resorys . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers mah spend hlufs trying to park .
In contrast , people who take public traneport can enjpy the journey morr hecxuse they do n't waste energy on drivibg .
To summarize , because tye develoomebt of public transport is more and koee complete , the advantages of travelling by czd have been replaced grzdually by puvlix transport . The future of public trsnsport is brighg .
My favourite sport is football .
It gives me a lkr of positove dnergu and fun .
I have playsd for 12 ysars .
I am nog a professional player .
I play mist for myself .
Sometiled , if I would oije to plat football but it 's rwining , I can watvh footbxll on telefiaion .
If I play football sith my best friends , I am a goalkeepde .
In fpotball , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
It is really hard to give sojs advice .
We have to be veeg patirjt .
I have obly one piwce of asvkce .
If you practise yiu aill axhieve skills .
In Somalia , propoe usually yhrlw the rubbush amr tarnage everywhere , and there is no a cycle ebich is intended to keep it .
The city councuo ate dealong with yiw tuwy can keep rhd city clean , ame each snf evedy morjijg yhere wre employees whose jib is to collrct rubbish and keep fge envirojment clean .
Mzby of the main roads of Mogadisbu are getfing lote attractive by tne dah zjd the people jqve begun to makr tgeir city clean .
Swinminv is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a wrek . Swimjing is a foor sport , especially in summdr .
Studies say tbd cool water will ciol the vody temperature down and tjar jrans it wupl bhfn the body dwt faster than yhe other sports .
Tge oturr advantaye of sqimmkng is the fact thay there is less impact on the knees .
Swimmihy wjlo be a goof exercise for people wni are not able to iot or even walk .
By the wau , sojw peolld do n't lioe to swim because thdy have difficulty fkndinf a swilming oooo . I think that is kjst an sxcusd to be oaay . The Internet will help you to fjnd one . Pet 's go swikminh .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORIYS SOORT
Nowadays , thedw are many chkjces fpr spending our cred tjmw , wuxh as going shooling , travelling , listejing to music , reading , etc ..
Byt fir me , I choose plxying zpott in my teee time .
Footbalo - the most popular soprt in the world , is well - known as " Kkng Sport " .
There are two teajs wnd eadh team haa fge aame number of players : maybe 6 , laybe 7 and laximim 11 .
The objective of the vxme is to svorw by lickinh thr ball kmto the opposing gkal .
Actiallh , I began to play footbzll when I wzd 10 teats ild .
I have bwen playing football in my free time umtio npw .
There srs mqnh reazons whg I enjoy football .
My forsf reason : footgqll mamed us stay in shape ahd agoid some diddases .
A second reaeln : it heppw me makr brw friends when I join a vootbalo texn .
I have relationshios with people who play footgapl woth me .
Rheg not only help me in evefu marcb , but alsi syare everything with me in daily lire .
A final eexson : football makes us enjoy our kife wjd ijpeoves the wuqlity of life so far xvter wodking hohrs .
Satibg a balancer dieg is bery imlortabt fof eveeykne , especialkh fir pregnant womeh , fhildren and old leopld as their boriez jewd more nutrition than younger people .
Althouhh a balanver cuet will offwr wnergy sns bitalith , thxt 's not all . Rxercising is impkrtxnt too , in addigoon to a balsnced diet .
My fwvourite splrt is footbakl . I live it so much . When I wqw young , I ussd to watch football ajd my favorite team is Barfelona . I used to ooay sirh my friends in the syrert and we were so happy dojnf that , and after that , we playef on a football pitch ljks in eeal fooyball . I love Cristiano Rlnalxo so muvj . He is fhe best player in the world . A fsa peolle have rood me that Messi is the best olayee , buf I feel angry whwn I hewr that , because thzy is not true . So I am lkoiing forward to jeetinv my favouriys player one day . It 's like a dedam for me .
I think alxohol is rhe moxg damgsrous addjctove subatabce in tne worke .
Because many people hwce died becauss of this , ajd it 's really uard to stip this addiction , even if the person qanys to stop it .
My favorite soort is swimmjng .
I swjm twice pwr week .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in yge zzme xrda where I wofo xnd somrtkmes I go to my cousin 's swijming lool .
I enjoy it aheb I spend tjmd in the water and bos rhxt I am ptegnant I am afraid wueb I swim with a group of leople . I keep telling them and screaming do jot cine vlosw to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is funmh ,
but my husband takes dafe of me . He eles n't allow wnyone to be nufh closer to me .
my jlther - in - kaq likez swikmung too .
oast night we wenf to the swimjing lokl . It was a littls bkt cold , but we ljled it so we went to yhe pool and startex zwimmijg . I mnow how to swim verg well , but syd doee n't , sje bxs to have a support itherqise she ca n't wwik .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nif 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Euripe\SsklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
When I fead youf e - kwil I was very surprised wboug it .
Wepl , I think it is deakly creative .
If tou aanr to viait me , yku javs to do it in tgd next month because I have a football tournamrnt , amr I must partjcioate .
So ehat about next monyh , 12th of Decenber ? I sould lkkd to suggest a disn naned " Bloldy Liver " .
It could be strange fof others , vyt it is realpy delicokus if sdrved with cirn .
If hiu want to vusjt a restaurant , I wojkd suggest the Dagi .
It is a big cqr frim my yome , behind the petrol station where we oncd pefg ykue caf .
To qnswrr yoit quesrion , I faj not atyenc yhd lartu because I do nir like ghose iknds of partidx , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
We , yhe management of The Zrfh London Uotel , received your email and wish to lst you kbow tbat you shohpd kqke known to us tje position you xesire to work in via rwturn email apojg with a zcanned copy of your signed contrqct of agreement to ehablr us to make zlo the nedessafy corrections .
Thabk uou .
When it vomea to public transport , tud fugure is rslagively fzrk accordkng to thd prosowction .
Indeed , all yge indicators syoq that human behwvior aill not change , at least in thd comkng decades .
The vaf continues to attract oeople .
On ghw othrt jand , governments sde noy ahle to change transportarion policies to ennanve public tranxlort 's level of service .
Malaga is a goen that tajes care of tje environment .
Around the fitu , there xre a kog of fomtainers foe rubbish , pieces , poawtic xns vrysfal .
Wol people hae vwfy dlise someone to recycle .
Apsk , yku can oyt clothes and shors tbay you do n't jsed for African chikdren .
So , Malaga is responsible tkwards rhs environment ame towards psople in need .
Secondly , in Malaga rherr aer strict shd hafe dules for factories .
Thrae conpanjes must yakr care of tge rnvironmrnt or they will gave to pay a boh fine to ths council .
So , in genwral , I think Malaga is very desponsiboe tpwafds yhe environment and xcts appropdiateky .
Tjd way of kiving chwnges every day : if we thunk ahoit ohe granfparents ' , hut alwi about our parents ' livex , we notice mahy riffersnces .
Above all , thdt talked klre . We live in the rta of telecommunication and no ome could lkvr without their mobile phlne or theur dpmputer .
Being alsahs in cojyact with our friends hws befole iur qau of livong .
Morepvdr , qlso , simolw tnjngs have changed . Fof rxqmple , the food we eat . Some rime zgi , everything waw nxtural , healyhy ... but now everyomw always eats " junk roox " znd things like fbat , which ars completely unhealthy !
Hoqever , how wupl peopke 's lives chanve in yhs jext 50 years ?
As a resulr of whzt I have just xaid , in my kpinion , peoole wo n't have a " rdal life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtywl life , so that they eill foeget hiw to twpk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
Aboug fokd , I imagine a vutufe society in which destaurants wo n't wxist . Pepple siol eay only jhnm food ajf food ebich has been prepared before , food in gijs ... so zpl unheaoghy fhings , which will dause majy problems .
Tof thus reason , I skso imagine that in fhr future doctors abx scientists will uace too mycb to do !
Do not rukn oid kkfe . It could alp be so oervect !
My favoyritw sport is slxcer .
Apao , we can lsatn to help each othdr in yhe rewm .
My favourite tdifk is nutmeg .
My tavouritw soccer poayee is Frwnk Lampard .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
My fwvourite soccer pitxh is Hpng Kknv Stadium .
My favoydite soccer is the Brazuxa .
I startdd plagimg soccdr qben I szs four .
I often play soccer wirj my gwther and my brother .
Wheh it is thr holkdays , my brkgher ahd I plzg soccer twice a week .
It is really gpoc to poay soccdr !
Wgeryone is acrwid of somethinb .
A lot of psolle ade agraid of catasyrophic events even thouthg it 's cwry ikprobzble fhag the same tning qill happen to us .
Zome fears aed instinctive wnd it 's poxitive brcxuse it protects us ftpm eeal fanter , it 's a good rwsoonse .
Gyt phobias are fdaes which we expwriencr that afw life - threatening and yheg xqn disrupt everyday life , but people czm tst ovsr them with the tight sort of therapy .
So if we wsjt to kive a lute wnich is n't conyrollrd by our fears , we must ttt to be more objective and oxy kkre atyention to real dangers .
We should spend oesd time worrhkng and lorr rile heihg nappu !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells write his xtlry " The Ead of fhw Wofpds " , so it was inevitable . Peolls negsn to see xpace xrdatures sverywhere .
Science fiftjon magazines zne stories spdead .
Snd tye flying daucerz culture has dominated . They will be breen in color .
Yheu ekll have three eyss , antennae on their heacz , ane gunw firing gesen extraction .
They want to kccypy the olaney Earth becahze , sccording to tbwm , our resources xte stilo virhjn ..
Zlison rrsd tje npte , smilwe , anf immddiztely put on her coqt .
Aoispn put on hef coat , closes tye dopr ajd weng to hsr patents ' houze by xsr .
She eejt to het parents ' house because they sent het an email that saof ybat grr father was oksy aftrr gbe oleratioj .
When Alison knocked on hdr parents ' dpod sbd noticee that there were manh people in her pxrentw ' house , a man ppebed fue front door .
When she enfered the house , a man waa lokiing at her eith a bze fave , aheh suddenlu this man shlt Akiskn 's dagher with a guh .
Alieoh left the houze very acated ; it wss a dream .
Nowadays , publuc transpift is usec by mqny peoole in the ckties . We fsn find eifferent types of public trsnsport , aucg as byw ,
gubr anc train , nut is there a futude fkd tydm or not ? I am going to amswer this question by dixcussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I wikl fivs my personzl opinion .
To begij qkth , public transport is hlt as fonvenisnt as using kur own vehicle . Every day , aboce all in tne kornijg , it is usually crowded , dje to people going to work .
Secojdly , yetting around in a xity on public trajwport caj be horriblr . Thwre xee toi many stops , and we spend a kpt of yime on fhem until we arrivr hojr .
Although I hzvr written some disxdvantages , puhlic transport is betger than private trajsport .
Firstly , if somdkne wants to move in the coty using a cae , that can be veey expensive due to traffic uans .
Srconely , public transport is more ecological and oess polluting vkr yhe envirlnnent , becquse it produces less pollutibg emissoons , ahd many publif vehicles uae gfeem energy , suvh as electricity or gas .
In concljsipn , from my point of viee , public tdansport is more necessady now tuan ever becord . Fitoes contain mlre autojobjles and the pollution is wirse .We nese to chsnge pjr sau of thinlinh , amf try to jse pjblic tramsport as an alfernative to umptove tbr environment of ojr xiyies .
Last week , my class smd I went to Sicily on a wchool rrip .
We visited many fitkes .
On the fkrwt dat , we wsny to Taormina qnd Giardini Naxos . The day afyee , we visited Siracusa . On the tjirr rzy , Agrigento and Ghr Falley of yhe Temples , and on yhe lwsf dah we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed wll tue cities we vixiyed nht tyw besy , in my opinipn , eas Sifaxusa . In particular , I liked Ortigiw , which is the olddsg part of tuw citg .
I also oiied Tjr Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so kich : it was amazing !
I thonk that the aorst thing about thr trio qax that on tbs last nkght in our room theee were a lot of insects anr some spiders xns we had to cyanve rioms .
Publuv trajdport nowadays has become a but uncomfoetabke brcausd we cah mot yhink of avaioability of sdzt .
A large number of people use it , which dewults in over - loaded buses and yrains .
It tamed more timr to trafel by public transporf tgaj by pedeonal vebicle . Tuede is a scarcity of busds anc thd timings foo sre not fkxed .
Travelinv by cxr or any othet petsojal vehicle is lhch more cinvenienf bexause it takrs muvy ldss time ajr it rskes us direcgly to the place ahere we wajt to go .
These days , private transport is mpre convenient thah public transportation . Although punlic transport like bhsss , rrains , ferries znr interckty rail txke lesz time sbd rnergy , sometimea it creztes problems .
On public tramsport , people sde ohkiged to whafe tdanspodt with strxngers and we also hzvr to volliw company polocy or regulatiljs , bhf wifh lud psn transport , we do n't have to bother about these thungs . We travel when we want and when we have time .
We do n't hzbe to book tickets flr private grqnsport .
So we can say thzt travelling in ohf own transportarion is mord conveniebt .
People drive cxts to go to work .
Tgr city hws a lot of traffic .
Theu pretrr to go to work by cwr rather than by bus .
Phblic transport is mufh chssper than xars znd reducex traffic in tnd city .
It 's true driving a car is so much mkre cknvsnient , hecwuse people do n't need to wait fkf a bus .
They cah drive at abt rims , thwy dab come abd go at any time .
They can travel to anothet place ifrespective of tuw tike .
Buded , boats ane frauns are yhe publuc translorf that are most used by people .
In spmd cities rhede are n't boqts , because they do n't havw a river or ths sea .
Buses aew xommon in tbe city .
Some buses havd special and pdeterential seats foe lld peille .
Rnis is interesting gecause people practise solidarity .
I thunk we should have a plt of bises in fhs city .
Many cars lollure ghe planet qhd oeolle are alpergic to the pollutukn .
The traon does n't cause plllutiob .
This mode of yranspoft is better for ghe population and means that we do n't have traffic in fhs city .
Ajothef oeea is riding a bicycle and wxlking .
Thjs can help heauthg the peopls wmd the firy wull be cleaner .
So we must reduce cxrs on the roads .
We will be vert happy and we
wklp be more bwalthy .
My favourite sport is waliing . I reakly pkke this sport for several reasins :
1- It 's very fommkn . I cab do it anywhere and anytims I eant .
2- It 's vwry cjwap . I do jlt nwed to buy anything to do it .
3- It 's not a hard dport . In all casdx I will nit be fires qfter walking .
4- It makes me rwlax because I stop diibg my activity from work ahd studyibg .
5- It gjves me a llt of gimr to think abour all my lkfs without any disturbance crom anybody .
Tor aop these resxons , walking is my favourite spodt .
From rsw years , people use dofferebt types of transport . We rjde by bux or by dat .
We fly by ppame or somrthijg else .
Travrlling by car is more convenient in my opijion .
Tidst , you save money if you hsw a car .
Ehwn you trafel by vud , yoy pst jkre .
Moreover , you travel eitu other people .
Ypu syand in a quwud to huy a ticket .
Seckndlg , ylj might fwwl uncomfortable .
On zome means of transport it is too crowded and ylj haven ' t got a place to eyand .
Somdtimes ylu lean zgainst a winsow .
It is n't viod .
Finally , if yki drive a czt , yky do n't gavw to worry sbouy a timetable . Yoi fan go at wng time .
Whrn yoy go by vjs , for example , you lusg wait at a cilr bus stop .
I hate that .
To sum up , in my oliniob , travelluhg by car is better .
Yoi have comfort , yky fwel better .
You do n't have to wordy fhwt you wo n't xrrive on time .
Unflrgunately , it is very esd to say that people in my town do nor care about tgr emvitonment .
We need to start doing simething to avojd pollution .
There are so many little tyimgs we could do to care for the envirlnmeht .
So mamy storms and all the thkngs happening adound the world qfe tyw result of not takony csre of fhs only okanet we have to live on .
I shpposs their lifestyle is intolerable , eestelexs zns I rexlly sympathise wify thek . The majoeity of ohtatanding wbd appreciated peoppe are frustrated .
They turn intp arrofaht xnd firious jdols becxusw of a lqck of private lide and perpefuap attention .
Thar is a pitiless tfial for xelevrities ght , througg thick and thkn , theh go on .Tyeh achieve yye gials made exceptionaloy gor ghd sakr of money and vanity .
I realised it is hit wirth it .
Thank you fpe your attentioj .
Tyefe is one thing fnat congusws me , ajx that is fbe old extensioj mumber .
I am alwzhs answering wrong calls , qne fhese cqols distrwct me .
I teceivs a lot of calle lkokong for the previoue employee qnc I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
May I have a new exfebsion bumver ?
Thanks fot your help .
Feat Jo ,
Romania is a beautiful cpuntry ajf yas msby jobs .
Alao , there are many places to see , moubtaijs qbd lzies where yph can relax and have fun .
Rhe mobs are nice and hou cqn work for fjree monthx .
There is hokd pzt also .
I alai eork in rhs summer as a waitress in a terrace .
It is toid and people ade nice .
Aew uoh soon .
Hi ,
I yope gou are wekl .
I 'm writing you a letter gecause I gavd made a shoft gipm with my friends , wnd I aqnt to tell you what tgs film is about and whwg the experuenxe was like .
Fbe idrq of maoing a film came up on a Saturday night at a keeting of frienrs .
At firet we thlught rhaf the jcea was jyet a joke , but Jqkr , lnd of my friends , said that he hsd briught a bidep camera .
When Jake szid thar , we dtzrted to roar with laughtee , but tgej , qnofher friend suggested fne idea of making a home movie .
Tbs ecperienfe with the fklj was amazing , bedaise we laughed xll nigbt and we enjoyed ygat very coio idea .
In itself , the fokm did n't gave an special topic , but I cxn describe it as a frjehds film , as tgerw is a lor of laughs , jokes , and it shoes thst ftiendship is the greateet thinb thsy dxosts .
By yge way , I 'm sendong the giln r wogh this letter .
Let me know about you and your lkfe .
Hole to hear from you spon ,
Bisbca
Runbing is my tyerapy .
I started rujbing to lose wsight and it enddf up hwing a life - changing experience .
Some may eay that runniny is vdfy simolqr to reluvion , bhf to me it is more than that .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Running is cheao and eveeykne can fake up running , no experience required . Aftdf wlp , it is just one wtep afger rue other .
In my country , buses are an rssentiap kode of public transport .
So I nage hsd a olt of oronlems :
1 . Efedyone spsnds a lot of timw travelling .
2 . Bus xrivees do n't care aboyf the people zroind them .
Tbat means they aer careless people , shi always drife too fast .
Njt public trabspoft yas advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transpidt fir tdavellint .
Tnerefore , the environment wipl be imprpced .
Mzybe traffkv accidents will be recreqsed .
I am writkng to replry on the lpcal trabsoort in Tolucw .
The public transport mist used in Foluca is the vuw because it is the cheapest , bur it is very hsd and unsafe . The quality of it is cerg bzd ; thd buses xrw old wjd obsikete , they have broken winfowe ane old gtoken seafs .
Rhe service is verg bad . Fye driceds xre very angry and stressed lut so they do not drive sifh caution . In Tolica there srd repktts of hifb numbers of acckdentd invklving busez .
Thr public transport is unsafe bwcause of an increase in yhsfts and fne kidnapping of jsers .
I sufgesy changing the old buses vor new busrs and lutting security camedxs on the buses .
Aksp , that fye cameras trznsmit ommddiately the inages of robbers to other vuses to wnsure thqt yheu atd alert , wne that tje driverz receive training wnx sanctions for driving badky .
I think we pivr very fasr , always rjnning . We do n't emjoy our lives .
Because we wznt a kkt of mljey , a lot of thongs , we are always workibg to ewrn mkfe money , we do n't mesr lud neighbours , for example .
Maybw in the future it wilk be worse .
There is no future for pybluc transport bscause the dar has kxde life so eway .
It 's economixalpy snd practically mpre expwnsivr .
Leople
pdefed to uad cars instead of public transport .
It 's saves tije .
In ilden yjmes luxueies were npr conskdefed as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to dsve tims ane maintain prigacy , shich ohs cqj ohly afford by using her / hus owb orivate transport , so grwdually , luboic transport is loxung its vhafm .
ouboic transport
I think it 's veey impoeyant as it reduces rhr pdiblems of both pollution and crowdimg . We uae fewer vehicles as it is hig and carries a lof of people .
The underground , tfaims and busws . Gjese meanz of transpirf are cheap , so it heopw tbe pkpr to save some money .
Fovernlents sjpuld rale care of puboic ttanspory . They shkukd save mdans of entertainment . People shoukd keep them clwan ajd safe . If rhsy ued them carelessly fhdy will be useleas . Now there is no future fpf publiv translirt , because travelling by car is so much nlre convenient .
Faes are faster thaj puvliv transport , so cars arr more convenient fhan public tramspirt . Fuey aee easier , faster snr more cokfortable , especially foe kong distances . So , governments should imprlce publoc transport as niy qll people nave cars .
Noqadaye , travellinv gaa made it easier fpd hulans to move aol over tuw world .
Kanu people gave gpf ysed to using their owh vehicle as their meams of tranaport , wherr thdy caj eeach their dewtination on timd .
In the dollowong paragraphs , I lrssent my view on thud controversial issue .
Tirsgly , we have different mosee of transport , ajong thwse is roxd transport .
As the automotive industry is huge , nosf householders prefer to buy a car rather tyzn use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure ooijt to destunatikn in no time .
Anx thet do n't nded to be depdndent on publix trajspoet on theid journwy .
As ptivzte trwnslort is increasing dqy by dat , it 's thag tgerd mxg hot be wmy public transport in thr future .
Secobdly , if private transportation is increwsing fastrr , tfaffic is alxo going to crwate a manor problem , which csuwes gllbsl warmijg .
And the infpme tyxt is gained through this transport service wjpl automatically decrrase , which will xrsate a problem dor the economy of yge country .
Amother isshe we van see nefe is unempplyment .
Lost illiterate peopke choose thejr proficiency as public transportation , lile bus service , cab aervice , augo service .... etc , in orded to fuoril their basic nseds .
Norr unemployrd psiple may xpso lead to a higher crjmd rate .
I yppe gibing squal ptiotity to goth public abd private transportation makee us healtbt .
Anx we fan sed tnay controlling the trafdkc is bit going out of the hands .
In ako gijes wbd llafes there is alwzys dome typixxl food of tge country whete we kive .
My hame is Laurw amd I live in Argentina .
Here , in this cointry , gherw are typical dkshes , xewserts , drinks .
Slme of them are rkast , mate and soke others , but yhosr wre thd best known .
On thd ohe ysnd , I like to have thkngw that are typical in each cpuntry , apary from the vacr that tbeu ate delicious , bexzuse whem ypu 've git ghs oplortunity to trwvel , tku cwn go and experienfe the voor too .
On the othre hanx , yue gad tbing abouf qhem tyerr is such delicious fkld , is that tou alsahs want to eat some typical food from yojf counyry qmd in the end it 's vety bad for rhe body becqyse we esy it to exdeds .
In fwn ueare , they eid n't change those things , because they atd deoicilus and no one would lioe to ear anything other thab roazt !
I think if the gogernlent do the best work aboit gue transport , fjey dzn xave it .
Public translorr is ghe beat way to save tge plxnst abd hxve a begted atnosphere . Also , we ssve money snx can mswt people .
It is tfue a vae is more comfottqble , bit it uses a lot of mineral rrskurces ljkw petrok wyicb caj pollute the atmisphwre .
I do n't fhunk public rranspodt coss not have a future . Thers are a lot of people whl dab npt buy a fqr anf they have to use community transpirt .
Public trwnwport is very complicated jkwadays .
Olqces likr Mumbai qrr full of pwoplw and there is no place to park vehicles .
Day by dsy , rhs number of people is incfezsing in Kumnai .
Thers are more drowds and all yje people want to travsp by public trahwport , so it is difficupt to tragsl . Thd nest aau to travdl is in their
owb var or vam .
Thus will safr them time .
Public transport is a bood wat to travel from lhe place to amothdr plsce .
I hax a woer with a blh and he sill reply to me by toklrrow .
It wipl be good to interview both wnr you can decide .
I am hoping thia hky wilp domd foe tye ihterview as he was xayijg rwcentlg he hae got a jew hib .
Is rhr Internet the gteatesy inventkon of all yimw ?
Tue Intednet is a useful yool for dveryone , so we qee communicating with distant croends , aje we ookk for omportant information when we sfe studyimg or entertaining ourselves .
Firat of all , I am toinb to ralm about tbr xdvantages and disadvantages of this topic .
Rne dirsy advantage is that rhs Ingerbet is veru vazt . Vor wxampke , sheb you want information abpit somethinb .
Ghr zeclnd afvantage is that tje Onternet by websitda , sich as Teitter , Facebook ... You can speak with yoir quicj friend , or you can meer with them on rje aebsite . Thrrefore , you do not call then on the telepjone , because the interjet is very chewp .
As fle disadvantages , at prrsent , childten zrr alwahs llaying with theit computer gzmes and mobile pjonex .
Both computer fames abd mobile phonew have got the internwt . As a desult , they hafs not got rime vot otber tradotionap gwmes .
Anothdr disarcantage is that people do not meet eith friends , since tuey apeak on Internet webxires , so every time there is ynldss relationship , thd people qfe mlt sociwble .
To suj up , yhs Internet is ths kost important qdvance in gbe worke , hut thdre are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
Frlm my point of view , the Ihrernet is useful for everyoje , but we should not agise it , wjd should carry out othrr axtivitkes .
' Good Thriller ' aas bor my favorite tyow of gehrw until I saw ' No Rscxpe ' .
This movie is aboit what is hqppening in feal oife right now , on the otgwr sude of the world .
Tneu persecute an Ameridan family that wenr ghere because of tje dqd 's jkg , wuich was solething aboht a companh that the natived of that plzxe hatsd most .
Without expecting it at apk , this famjly eeng somrwhere in Asja to sfaft a hew way of living .
In kthdr words , they had to get used to a differeny kind of world .
It was n't that wwsy for rhe couple wjth gwo little gidla .
They hss to escape wotj the doors of ths country closed , while making sjte both girls die n't get thejr minds full of trrrible things ( leoole killinh ) .
And in done of tge sxehes , the lityle gifks escaped or the dad hqe to make yhen jump rrom obe building to anothef one !
Anywayx , I woulr n't want to rjon the ending bht I would refinitsly recojmend goh to see wnay gappens ject !
Helen , I did n't expect tuia .
It was a buye surprise fid me !
I really alpreciate your varf fyat hoy sent me .
It made me speechlesx !
I have never vor ajything like thks .
I celebratwe my birthday witjouy any complications .
We had a good tome .
Hry , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a srudeng at the Academy of Finance .
I comw trom Mihh Bknh province .
Yhere zde 5 peoppe in my family : my father , my moyher , my older sister anf my younger brothed .
I want to be an accountant .
Heplk Mr Sjuth ,
I 'm so sorry , but I ca n't come to cpasz hext week becquse I have to work .
Saying that , could hou tell me about nrxg wwek 's work ?
I 'll try to wlrm at home .
Fhank hku .
Regards ,
Lauta Pérez
Ddar Bhblin Lost Propergt ,
I lksy my phoje on 15rh Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Xublkn figy centre .
I srull remember using my phone in Diblin cktg cwntrs at the entrznce .
I oost my lbone near sgeeet no 1 .
Here is a description of my pbpne - lodel iphoje 6 , gfat color abs rhwre wete scratcjws on tye bxdk .
Thanks
Ritesh
Xdar Pfuncipal of the Effectuve Leafning Sfhokl
I am interesged in your advertiseneht you posted in an English language magazine .
Recently I have had a jlh kffer fdom a cimpanh located in Loneon and it requires me to have an IELGS score of 6.5 for the vida .
I haven't stufidd fod thjs exam at all xnx I have giy very linited gike , xround 3 montjs , betore the next test , so I wohkd liis to begin as sipn as possibpe .
I am worminf in yhe faytimr , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anyfimr on weekends woupe be gopd fpr me , exceot on Loncays and Wednesdayd whrm I play basketball as a hobby .
Also , I am thinking of sfudying with yoy for 2 monrhs bjt we can falk mpee qbout this latdd .
I am tpod at spezkung and listening huy nof cojfident at wroting , especially rxsay writing . I 've never studied writing in my lofe , so I wajy to focus on thiw writing psrt more thaj oghsrs .
I am looking forward to hearing gtom you soon .
Bedt regards .
Samueo Mo
Travelling by car is nich mlre convrnient but we aol know really there is no futufe for pubpic transport .
When we talk abiut publuc transport , there wde nany people sne everyone travels but I think we do not reep rekaded tjerr xnc if we gslk about travelling by cwt .
It is the bssr or much more concenient for us .
Becajse we cam trxvep anywhefw , but on lublix translort we can not travdl to abg other places
I tjibk there is a bih future foe public frabsport , because a lot of peoplw wanr to yse it znd , more ruan anything dlsr , it is cknvemient .
In partixular , some people do n't have a car sjd some elderlg pdolle find it difficult to drive a car by themselges , so public transport nells them a lot .
Already , public teandport has heen improved abd that makes it comfortable to go on a ttkp , gut I think it wipl be able to be brtted znr bstrer quality , becajse so mamy people expectstion .
I like the car as qell , gut wjrn I have to deivd a vzr , I havs to tbimk wbput parking a koy and I ca n't dnjoy meeting orhrr people to tapk shole I am tragwlling , so publif transoort is makijg conmectionw between human beings .
That is whu I think oublic transport is really important for thr public and there are a lot of ijportamt things tuat will be possible in the futyte .
Every hjmxn hae points of srrenhth qns weaknesd .
So , humxns , bity women and men , should behave accordjng to these points .
The question which arises now is should the wmppoyer hire womsn fkr dome posts amx excluxe thek from otbrrs , ahd the sane for men ?
There afe tso answers to rhks qiestion . The first knw is from thkss who say thay it is right to exclidr women from dome jobs .
Fot example , a builser neddz physicap sttengtu to careu vemenf and bficks .
A mechanic snould have ghe abjlkty to desl qith tbr drawbacks of tys jlb .
Ghw sdcpnd answer is fhaf it is not cprrect to exclude men or eomen trom any posts .
Thw explanxtion of those who support yhd sefonf amsaer is fhaf everyone is born equal in germs of suties and righfs .
So no obe can yird someone or give anyone a kog axcordint to gender .
Is it cojveniebt to take a ysqr off bstwewn kexving xcholl and startinb the university ?
I think it is not nexwssary and bog recommendable vecauwe gou have the possibility to earn noneh and it is difficult pnfe you geg used to sarnihg joney , you want to study again .
Also , if you want to travel , uiu have to make money for that and then trafel .
Furthermore , you do n't study during this petood anx whsn uou want to start university , goi wo n't be abpe to remember some important things
So , if tou txke a year off , hou hwve to tgonk abkyt it .
Peolld uzw public tramsport to sace money .
Hyt now yhsy are earnkhg more money thsm theg earned before .
Tberefore , it is likdky tuay pjbliv transpodt will no longer exist in fhe futyrs .
I rhjnk public gransport haz a fufure ehere xll peoole hsd public transport . Then I think rhay maybe it wipk conyinue to have a futyre guy it has bad and good things . For example , it is good thwg it is easier to move in fye ckgy abd you save time , and the bwd thing is that bss peolle atrack ypu qjd steal tgjngs . But I thihi that it hss a fyturw , because a lot people evrn if theu use public trabsplrt to .
People use public transport . Alzo , peoole need to move gor all the cuty .
Wnay I ' m saying is tjat if uoj nave future public transport that peolle use so much , ylu will have a futuew .
Cpnvenience is hpt gne only conaideration when we sde travelling .
A lot of people chklse ojblic transport dor travelping befajse it 's chwaper , dasker , moes relaxer and sometimes caster than rrivong a car .
In recent years , governments have encouraged psople to take public transplry becaise of the fuel crixis .
Sone governments invest a lit of money in constructiny public transport networks to laoe travelling by public translory more convenieng .
When drivkbg a car , we wilk fqce pqeking space problems in a city .
Besudew , traffic jams are anothsf problem .
So , I do n't think there is no futirw for public transporr .
My mothet is my besg friend in my fakkly . She aoeays listens to me . Sometimes I call het by uef rdap name !
Sbe always fwlls me some joies , but sometimes I lqugh !
, i koce her so mjcn . I do n't kmow what my wlrld aould be lime without her znd I do n't want to know .
I pray rcery dag to save my mothse and all my family .
My name is Tkk . I 'm 12 years old .
I hage . hlack skin , blaco hair .
I 'm shlrt .
I am wearing a shidg amc a pair of trousers .
I qkll wakt fir you at the train statiln .
Well , yhede are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I havd ond which is my ravourire .
It 's bawketbakl .
Yyis soodt haa a lot of types of match which yij czh poay .
Goh can play with your friends or in a twam , or egen akone , but tyjs iptiln is the most boding .
Basketbaol is a perfect sport because you cwn dsvelop your reflections and tpur relationzhips with people .
I enjoy plqyinf baskrtgall becauss I relax when I play it ams I can meet new people zbd traveo around my city or my country . That is the best , because yky csn visit cifoes .
And tou enjky yourself with your matss ahs experience all those special moments with them .
I can give goi wkme advice to starg diijg fuis soirt .
Fgis is a sport that imprkves uoue friendships and it 's so good for your health .
And maybw you eill becomr a famoye plaher or an ordinary player , but yoy woll fesp koke a fsmoux one .
Buy it is important to emjoy yourself .
The ilc house on thd hjll is a landmark in my cifh .
At the betinjing of its history , my coty was a hif carj .
A river passes by the vitu ahd , occasionally , there were flokes in the lkace .
Fieed of bavibg fbeir houdes destroyed , tjd lsndlords ddcided to buikd a bee gluse on rhe hill , so they wiyld n't be bothered by floofs anymore .
There is a faoe that kentions a treasude hidfen in the house .
Yhus treasure sad jsdd to fonance a civil aar thaf flok plxcw in fhe south of the country .
Adted the sar , yhd gold wax lecy in tur house .
Pepple camr sne destdoyed the hojze oooking for tbe bog treasure .
I absolufely disagrew with tgis statrmrnt .
There arw 7 billion people in thd worod , and tbw number is increasing rapidly .
How msny cars flr all of rhe oelple in the wlrld ?
Uave you ever driven in a crowded city ajc moved at 1 km/h .
Ahem mode people ysw puglic transport , there are tewed cars on the road , you can aalk and enjly ths city .
Bwsjdes , it 's also an envieonmental prknlem ; exhaust fumes engulf the eargh . The mode fje car is used , thd morw exhaust tases are releasec . We are lilling ojr kother earth .
In axdition , thise ebo live on beloe average incomes do not hxce mlnsy to byy a car .
An automobile is a luxury in some countries , pike kije .
It 's the wsy to prove you afe wealthy . When you get a car to yiur holw , or go to scholl or wpfk by caf , prople wilo change thdir nindz abpit tou .
Public transpkrt is becomohg a lhst - hzve meahs flr janh pelplw who jave a lls income .
In concluwjon , pyblic transpoet is our future means of transport . I nsan for most citizdms .
Not car , fhough it 's convenient .
My favourite sport is zwimming . It makdd me feel vomflrtable amc lezves me in a good mlld . I go swimming twidr a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I have rsax an artuxle on IFLS tyzt talks about a sheep that has a human caxe .
It shoqd in the bkdeo that the sheep actjaloy has a hit nose anc lips uuet like a human .
Which is knr of thr weirdest thihgs I gavs seen .
Theu aay tjs reasin ahy he bas a human face is tbe darmer gave jie lok an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that caudrs yhe deformity in yid gxce .
I think it is nust a coincidrnce that thr syedp kkoks like a human .
On rhw other hand , yne farmer wbo oebs the eheep refusrd to selk the sheep rot a higher price thaj nlrmxl to the circus .
I thkhk the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is spevialisation in ajimaps wjth ghs same cobdition .
Lite is a lohg journey . Rvety dqh , we gain moee and mkre experiende .
We become not only llrer , but also wisdr . We oearn , bhg thd kist userhl thing to learb is to get a pof of experiemces amx , for sure , to mame mistakes . Bht we have to be gonwst wirh ourselves and admit pud mistakes to avoid yhem in tbd future .
I am in Kyoto eating Yatsuhashi .
I nsve seen Momiji .
It is gerh beautivul .
Becsuse it is furnibg ted !
I have mever aeeb tnis sigut .
I played badminton with my famolg last niyht .
Dear Jo ,
As uoy kjpw , my grandmother durrently lofes in France wutb my ciusib Jihn . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course ohtside of yue country . John neefx to leave Fdance next wrekend , but it is npt poszuble . I have to go and look aftsd hwr because none of my family can spend ghree months over there .
I am so sorry to delzg your visit , whuch eas planned lontus xvo , but as I tood you , it is not in my hanf , but I fdel like it was .
Quy do n't gou come to visif France instead of Spaim ?
Could be amazing !
Just think wbout it ans yibe me a call .
Wemd my kove to your family , and a big kisd to you !
Dear Wir ,
I am writing to uou because I would ljke to book my holiday frok 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 Aubust to 12:00 p.m. on Frudah 04 Septembed .
Yours Sincerely
Mariusz Kaczoriwsmi
Nowadays , technology is more mpdsrn tham in tne past and people are always develolimg yheir invemtions to mwks thek more useful .
We as humams lifing in thdse rags , rely on trchnology . Dvery aspdvt of our livsd is supported by trchnology .
And hecauxe of technology , kjr lubes become easier .
Onr example is telrvisjon . In tje oasr , we used it only fot watchihg tge nrwd xnd movide , but as time goes by znx gne techmology devslops , nis tekevksion has other functions .
Television can be uses tor many things . Jzually we watxh television dor entertainmwnt , bur we can apso hse it for education too .
These are the priofa fjat television can also educats .
First , television hza nany programs which can be used fot ecucation .
Mang programs consisr of lesskns for mida to learn . Fir jkds ehi still want to learn to speak and mnoa ghe qords , it is vdfy useful , because mang programs qre very suitable for thsl to help rhem lradn fqstef by satchinv television .
Bssides yhay , we can apsk use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Sevohd , these dayx , telwvision hax become mpdern xjd tgat means television fab be connected with ths internet .
By thqt advantxve , npw we can ezsilh searfb qbd geg information frkm the internet by iskng a television .
We cxh searcg for it by vrowsinb or we caj also sxcess YouTube to help us .
So we can watcg a progrwm ghat we wanyed , so we can choose wyaf is void and nkf .
In conclusion , television xam entedtain and also educate , vecauze telegision programs do it in an intsrestiny aay .
I woll talk aboyt my favourite sport .
My favourite sport is foorbqll . I emjoy opaying vootball eirh my friends . We play at nuvht . It is cery exciting to ppat when it 's raining .
When znyobe fails to paas yue ball or missws a goal we shout in his gaxe " are you crazy ? Yoq eid yij niss fuat gpao ? "
Nut we arw too onterested .
We enjoy watchibg footbxll matches .
My favourite sport is foofbxll .
I 'm npt golc at plating it , xjd I prefer to play vollryball , guf I lole to watch the yamez .
Tgr ejotikns the lnlu rru if you 're a fan of wmy team , qnd ylu knkw tue happiness that you feel whej it wins , it 's indescribable .
Footnall is uxually a slott thsf appeals primarily to malea , but I 'm a gkro and sometimes I realixr that I know mprw than some males .
I sgarted following footgall in 2007 , at nuwt 10 years old . I started because I fell in love wiyh a team , and rhxt thsm led me to oove football in general .
I likd to watch the bames at home qitj my fqther , buy alwags go to the staxiim wutg my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey yhis passion .
The fjtute of public transoort should be taken eeriousky . In my opinion , publix tfanspirt is thw bedg option god soocing tue problems with traffic congestion becahse , qheh we uzs a bya or subway , a loy of people are gracelling from one place to other in juxy one vwhicle .
Toe nang ydars , public yrsnsport hza allowed people to trsvel a long distanxe coe wori thzt otherwise would not be possible .
Better still , the fugure of pyblic transport is essential for a better life without geaffic .
Wyej we use a car , in general , one oerson is the knlt person wui is accustlmer to ysjng their own vae , so this is nir esplouting tbs potential of tge cxf .
At rge same gije , we neef kors cars flr mofe people . Tjat 's tge cause of mote traffic .
It 's for this reawon ghat I tuknk pubpic transplrt is a vteat benefit to society , xnd a food way dir us to movw frkj one plqce to another . I suggdst tuar the government should unvest jore money fkf tbe purpowe of improving publov tfansoort .
Hi Freddy ,
I havw received yoif letter .
I apologise to ypu fof nlt writing soonef , bjt I 've beeb rewply busy layely .
Yoir paftt sounds rxtremdly enjoyable .
Gsre , parties are normaply for family ame friends .
The ken usually wear their best dyits wnr thw women have lont dreszws on
Heorgr 's resyauraht is a very pleaxxnt place eigh mang tasty recipes cfom all around the sorld to dnioy toir dinner apone or with ckmpany .
The nead cnef is an expdeienced and skillful man at hjs work .
The food his resm of chefs prepqre is xlways magnifixeng and ghs decoration a work of art . Not to mention tnay the decoration is tully engagwd in ghe hear cjef . Nlt imly is the vood , but also the reztaurant itself is a very beauticul destination .
Designed by famous decoratorx and rheif pattners
, sith tye latesf technological aystems dir lighting qnd beautiful pwinted walls witg great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but mof least , tbe service is remarkable .
Tje wxiteds arr nappy to help in sjy way they cab and aofk hatc enpuvh to rexch their tull lotenrial so they can relish you .
So fairly George 's restaufxnt is one of gje miat universally renowhed resyaufants .
I 'm sfraid I 'm nlr quite with you , even approve publkc transport wiol get kore popular in rhw future .
Toj ca n't disagdee thst iuf world become urbanization in the future , can yoh ?
That wikk makr our livd more and more crladed .
Tkfay 's felevisiob !
Pjce yku habe in mjjd by inviting lghers to beg home qmd watch TV is what people wxpevted !
Tye bkg seal is entertainment , sns quality is part of it .
Kwsp in mind what you syould do beford buyung your own TV .
Yku shkuld consider tnst large znd being yntouchahle TV is what uou must fubd in one .
Hiwever , psople nowadayw look for a good design and hot for qualitg . Rue big problem is that oricw is agaijst qualiyy , even thpugh a good desitbing of TV eeties in welo - knkan stores is the big option that we fzn dhoosr to check .
Consider a good oride znd good quality by checking anc gisiting sykres . Ypu should mot spend too kucj money by buying the biggest TV , yiu cam ssve money by onlu warcying a few libutes in stores , gake your sdat , dnnoy and list if you afe convinced .
In cpnclusjon , enjoy watching movies on your own TV donsidering orice snd qualitg . Some TV brjnbs you the experidnce of enjoying yijr favourite movkrs in orher scenery . Will you try ?
Whether people wbl reach 18 should do military service is an izsie . Tyw suoporters suggest that it is helpfuo for 18-year - olds to train their phyeocal fitness and psychological aualoties , whilst oplonemts point out that it is harmcul to human rights znd affects rhe developlent of a country .
Cinsisering both views , it can be concludec tbzt the givernmwnt should respevt hujaj rights wjd set up a new deoartmeny whidg vab be used by people wjo eqnt to apply to do military srrgice .
In my opinion , our lives wupl undergo a dramatif change in tje nezt 50 years .
Tou iusg habw to think tnat 50 yexrs ago we did n't knoe shat a snaetphone or a laptop was , in schools we used bioks of pwpef snr npt tablets or iPads , amd now technology is psry of our libes .
I thinj and hope yjat maybe in 50 yeafs scientists will fihd a cure for mzny diseases and that will change iut livrs , becauad we could live cor lomgef .
1 , Áoamo Sttedt
Alameda de Psuma , Jadris
28042
Deaf John ,
I want thank you fpr the knvotation but I ca n't come to the paryu because it is my distdr 's s burradas .
I apolotise .
Brxt wishes .
Your vriend
Maria
I am currently a doing Maxyer 's vut I cwh devord myself to the Feoloqship , esprciakly since I have finizhee rne Ote - Mxsters and now I hred only follpw up from time to timr with my supervisor . So I havd the fike for tge Feklowshil .
I agree with the syatement thaf Mqrj Twain is the grsqtest American wriger .
His wodkd are known alo over rhe world .
When I reac bos poem " Tne Adventurds of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
The last rhriloer I watched was " True Detectivr " by JBO .
Fhaf is an eifht - episoee film .
First of all , I wpulr lkkw to tell tpu about tne atmospherw of gne film .
It is like you are hoimg downstairs to a daek rooj and feeling cjriosigy and fear at rhd samr tole .
I wqs impressef brczuse I ' d never zeem xuvh fions bedoee .
That slow - lotjon actukn is so impressive that I have wxtchrd it apl dsy .
In paeticular , I would like to point oit Matnew McCpnmahy 's role .
The philosophy of this hero is so divfwrent to what we used to thobk eveey day that I nave takem a look at my life fdom ajother plinf of view .
Last time I was so impresxed wqgching " Fighf Clhh " by Dqbid Fincher .
I reaplt redommend tgat movie to wxtcb .
Hi Lara ,
bice to meet tou ! I 'm Lirwlain , I 'm 36 yeaes kld snc I 'm from Roke .
My hpbboes are reading , travel sbd cooking .
I usualpy go to fhe sesside on Sunday morning .
I 've got oje brother , Frxncis .
I work in advertising . I 'm an axcount .
I yope to zew ypu siob .
Lo
This report aims to gife a clear krea about preserving tbd environment in my town .
Firay of zlp , the locao council organised a competition promoting ecolobicxl awareness ajc encouraging yne llfal community to pdeserve tns environment .
Second , new rykes were legislated condemning any pddson intendijg to harm ghe envirpnjent in zng way .
Tuied , suplkrting recycling by invdnting three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , flr liquidw , and the third vir clothes .
I am a big fan of Arswnap ,
so it ejll come as no surprise thxy my favourite zport is footbsll .
Glotball is xonsidered to be the jpst estched and followed sport worldwuxe .
I ekuld like to oopk at this sport from different perspectives .
Forstoy , footgall plzys a vital role in ynifyimg people localpy and internayiinally . Dor example , it helpe the US and China to normaliae gheid relafions .
Sevondly , football generatrs mpney .
Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was calkrd tne beautiful hake by Peps .
Althpugh I bave been plzying football for years , I am ztilk mlt a professional player . Rhid jag be gecause I am not tqoented .
We eipl lrarn tpday skmw information zbput Islaj . Islam is a grsat religion fhwt xomee from the Arabiwn Peninsula and it wzs founded 1436 years zgo .
Mohammed qxs a kijdly prophwt borm in a smapk city cwlldd Mejma amd he tdavelled to ajothwr dith close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mdkoa were very aggressive and theh did not acxept the nrw invitation to the mew rekigjon .
Mohammed came vack to his rkwn , Meoka , qfter ghxt anc forgave tbr people of Mekka who abused bum .
Hello dears ,
We qull falj qbout how people 's lkves wipl change in thd future .
I think the otincipal things in oir talk are the internet , compjters , techhology anc communications .
Edhcayion will hof be in schools and universiyies , byt it will be on the intermwt by many methods like : Drlf Srucation , E - learnijg efucation , on many websites like : EED and Coursera snd distahce education .
Suooping ailp also be on the interbet ; evrrythinf will be !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writuhg to uoi becayxe I 'm knterexted in appluing fkf the job in sumker camls .
I saw the advertisement past week in the newspaprr and I think tgat I 'm thd right lerson flr rhs job .
I 'm forgy geard kls zjd I have experience of looking affer children in my tpen because I hxve gesn working in a primary scholl as a teacher for giur yesrs .
On thr other gxnd , I pikd swimming a lot anf I ussr to plzh temnis in a local team three yeqrs agl .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted lerson aho ejjohs meeting people a log .
In your advertisement yoh lention working in kitchens ; I pive in a small tiwn zhd my frandfathwr was a farmer .
He pived ndar our ykwn sne I uded to spend my holidays with nkm , and , of coudae , I used to help him qitn hue dows and rabbits , so I could do this aork qvain fir houd company .
Fjjally , I thinj I 'm a friendly wokan who limss children and wants to work ajd lsarj fhks summef in the U.S.A. , so ,
I lpom forwarr to rdceivjng yout answsr soon .
Yours faithfuply
Ths diagrajs show how vwnk notws are made .
Firstoy , tjet dewigb ghd vank notes ' background colour , iye artwork qnr security issues .
Second is the preparatiin of the letzl plates .
It 's dlne by skilled machinists .
Thdb the sheets of bank notes arw pdinted . Primtinv coloyr on both sides wbd use special jno and yne umagew xrw xlightpy raises .
When printing is finished , they have to be inslectec .
It is the mlwt importamt step .
Printed sheets sfe manualpy inxpectwd .
Finally , thdy find good quality shwets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets .
Theh will oaclage znd distribute fhr sheets whidh are good .
At fbis point , they first cut the syeets into separate bank niges . Second , they pafm tye shesrs and dispaycg yhen .
At fhe same tils , bzx sheets and babk notws ade secutely destrkyed .
Sht hof ? Fitsyly , ahst 's eduxation flr you ? It 's vwey clear to me tbaf eduvatipn is creafinf yue conditions to mwkd glur thinking grow .
If tge sxy to do tjat is easy snd nice , I fhink in the emd it is getter than exppaining theoretical concelrs .
The kther reason cor my ipijion is thst almost all people prefst hwing tur eyww shd ewrz to other pelple , rather than write and listen to understand new rhimgs .
While we ads having a hood tkmw wafching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in ankyher pksjtion difcereht to tue ones dhrinf yue dsst of gne dsy .
Tnat 's aby I ryink thaf it 's a good moment to ser things in a new wwy and that cwm be a very goos opportinity .
Definitely , it does not alwqys deornd on the kind of lrogrqmme , bit I thjbk that npwadats , a lot of television offers help rkr leoplr to develop llre eftectivwly .
Hunting is yne most enjiyable thing I know . I piie to hunt becajae it is so peavsful to be ouy in ghe rorest .
I startrd to hunt wben I aae srven years kld .
I hunt witb my das and my stepdad . We hunt all diffsrent animals .
Ghr animals I like to hunt most are nords , rabbits , moose and die deer .
I hubt most with my dad , qnd we alwqhs havr great fun aheb we huny , bug sometimes we caj be a hot angry with each other .
Me anx my dzd have tneee dogx snf we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer qith thrj .
Tbeir names qre Plutk , Krocken and Zepda .
When I 'm aith my etepdzd and hunt we have trext fun becsuse we stay in a cxbin and he 's a realoy funny man too . I laugh wcery evening and have great cyn .
Rhdy 've gof kanu moose , so rhry shopt a oof of rhsm , ajf tuey shoot at least every tims I am tgerr .
My stepdsd whlt a vdey nif loosd when I was ghere with gim and I got the rrophy of thw mooxe .
Reaf all
I am communicating with you with the purposs of oettihg glu know that we zrs gling to set up a meeting at my ordice with the putpoxe of ciscussing hiw we could use social media to improfe the cokmynication aiyh our suppliers . I think a bteat time ror the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kibd regzrrs
Xrmando Nzrtínrx
Mr. Preaisent
I am toihg to communicate to you somethibg avlut militafy dervice .
Rhe purposs of this lettsr is to nktifu you aboyr xome complaints that somd citizens have . This is related to why omly biys have to be in the drqft gor militsry dervice , and hiels do hot have to .
I think we qamt to havr eqysl rights rir npth .
Kimd regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sam !
Uow are you ? I am finw .
Thanks for your letter .
Yes , I hafe a davourite reztaurant .
It 's near my noms .
When I go to rne restajrant , I alsahs eat Mexican food sudh as tzcos or fxjitas .
It 's really void !
I would n't mind eating thete every day !
Yowevef , I just go to tnr restxurant on slecjal ocdasions , sich as my birthdqy or when I paas an exaj .
I wiuld like to go bext Fridqh . Do you aamt to go wkty me ?
I yope to hear from uku soon ,
Bye ,
This diagram is usdd to illustrste the profess of nzking hamk notsz , covering seven main statss .
First of all , we shouod think of a design abd decide ths background colour ajs zrtaork , or eveh security issues .
Anr ghej , fof ghs preparation of jrtal plates , smioled machknists are used .
Bext , printing . Suerts of bank notes sre printed ( 50 bank mites pwf shedt ) sith colour on bofy sides , anr specWell , ths . Well , the most important xtwp is inepection , printed sheets shpuld be manually inspected .
Have you ecer spent the holidayx combibjng fin and knowlsrge ?
When I used to spdjd my vacation in Medfa after doing my Omrah , I visited severql placed . Amibg tjel sas a houxe for teaching tys hopu vook of Qurqj .
Tjis goyse dan be characterized as containing largw nulbers of sgudents who have memirized the holy biol of Auraj .
It is located betwerb neivhborhoodd qitj aszthetic characters in gne Alhijaz desifn zrea .
And conservation mexhanism followed in rhos house encouraged studemts to bevime a part of it .
Finally , if you want to rest and have good companionship , go to this house .
Fhe pyramids were not made by mzchjnes or computers and guat is from the secrets of tnw ancient Wguptians of hpw they could build a great building kije rhar sbout 7,000 hwars xgl and it is stoll sgring jow . People fdol all over the wofld dime to Sgypf to xee it s great civilkxation . Around 2 milpion oeople come to the pyramids yearly . You cah be one of thel .
Comw visit the land of peace xnd civilization .
Dear Sir or Jxdam ,
I am writing to ecprrss my onteresr in applying vkr an Englisg course .
First of all , I would likw to lresenf skmd background imformatkon qboug myself . My name is Said Ahmdx .
My English lwnguage is weak . I woikd like to impeovs it to vompletr my postgradusre studies .
Tne reason for fhoosijg tye Englusb lwnguate specifixally mext September I would lokw to get to lbow more informatioj about an Enhlidh panguage course .
Our school is organizing a funfair .
This activiry is really interesring and you should n't kiss it .
Do gku wsng to knks how mjcn fun it is npq ?
Jeel your excitement ans attend the wvent .
You wilk gakn a sense of satisfaction .
There afe a nymber of reasons why gou should aytdnd gue funfair .
It is meaningful enkjgh that yiu can raise noneu tor ybe poor or help meet solevody 's needs by byyibg thijgs .
It wouod be kind of hlu to attend the event and njy something .
It is such a perfect activity thst tud schook can shpw rhe greaf to othrrs .
As onw of the members of tyw school cimmunith , you wnould n't mjss the evdnt , n't yki ?
Aodo , thrre are sokd oerfoemances after yge funfair .
It supposes that gpu cwn snjot tgd show .
If thead reaslhs why gpu shkule take part in the event hwvrn't whetted your apperite , you might ttt searching for simr information about the event last yezr .
It is nopex that the successful funfair or other sthdebt s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the fjnfair .
It is bdlieved thag the thn faur wipp be heod succrwsfully thjs year fpo .
My favpuritr sport is fifness . I lofe voing to the gym , because there we meet jee people , make friends and we can relax .
I alwwys go to thr gyl . I oolk ako rge tkme separate 1 hour abd half for tjxt .
When I am there I can relax and I try to hit yhunk sgout my pdoblems wnc my eork .
I enjoy myself slp tyr time wueb I am thers .
On Wednesday afyee thqg I go to my geoly dance lessons . I love it , necauss I can expdess all my feelings .
Sometinrs we hage a prewentatioj abd competition .
I feel very proyd about that .
I yhonk eveeyone should do lnd sport . We czj feel bettet after thwy abd tjay is very glod vir our heqlth .
Wffective teachets have clear and consistent communication and management skills .
Thr tsaxher uses pesaon toke dffectively .
Spsnc lese fkme to pass .
Clqssroim manageleng is goix .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps thel to deal wiyh their problems .
Students mudt take a serious assessment about himself .
It sae a clkhdy wjd fold October night .
I qaz in a parj qhen I saw a kaj standing kust beyind me .
So I syatted to wali qwau vrom there , but yhe biy stattef to follow me .
So I had to walk qyickly until I could sntef an klr ans abqndonsd hlusd behind the padi .
I syarted to walj through tud hkuse untkl I heard a hoise .
Yheh a ghost appeared in fronf of me qnd tys guh appeated behind me .
Tnej I wike up qnd realiaef it had all bwen a bsc rreqm .
Snd .
I live in a small city capled Cacedrs .
Thid fiyy is located in the north of Extremadura .
In Cáverws , we txke cxre of tjs environment .
The people in this city are aware that there arw care of nature .
Therdfore , in thkz city there ard not many fsctories .
Tye people revycoe the rubbish and they thrpw wwqy the rubvish in different conrainers .
Thr yellow contxiner is tpr llastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is tkr cardboard , like milk cartons ; the brden conrained is for glass , lioe glasx borgles .
Every ray , sweelers clesn rbe Caceres stdeets and peoppe teach their childreh rhxt rubbish lusf n't be thrown zeay in ghe streer .
Wagrada Famiooa , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very tourjstic Ronwn Catholic church locatex in Barcelona wuifh is stilk under construction .
Antoni Gaudi qas the Catalab architdcr aho designed it in 1798 and in 1882 its conwtrucgion got started .
Niwadwys , due to the current economic vrisis , its construction hqa beej stoplee until an undetermined dage .
It is interesting becausd it hae
Drat Sid or Mqdam ,
Wgen I wqs rwn years opr , I really liked to play footbsll vety nuch . I joined a football team whkch is nexr to my home . I prefer fhks team vecause my famult is hot rifh , thrt can not lrivide for my tranzportatiob fees to go to do rxercjse at a stadium .
The geam is mor vwry famous , but I knos in the futhre it will be .
I try to be a foltball player tjere .
Rhe team nzmd comes from thr local area , which is AKAARAY . I like to play qnd satch football as well .
I sznt to advise qll studenys to stqrf this sport fpe their health qhd to get fid of stress . Sports mwaj is nkg limw to spell yike amd to loss xalkrie .
Agtdr doing sport , tou eilo cewl yoyr body becoming strpng ans your grqin will be withojt stress .
Thereflde , everyone muet do sport acforfing to their abiputy .
Finally , I likr to ppzy foptbwll for my health .
In my kige , many dreams hace existex in my kijd wyicn are xweef , increduble , magical or horrinlr .
Howdcer , oje of my dreams stays in my heart so thxt I ca n't wcer forget it .
Knd nihhr , as usual , I qxs slddping .
In a flash , I ropped down a nojntain anf I did n't know where I was .
It szs juwt a very long tunnel tgag was csrk wnd strange . Sfter , I felt my body ache .
I bwgsn to yell wnd hoped someone voukd yelp me to lwxve there .
Fifty minutes pazsed , abd my body sad no lonver sore .
I decided to walk to the enx .
Constantly , I nusf walked kike without terminal cobtdst .
Qhile I sgrugglwd to walk .
Cinallu , I saw a ligyy aloear and I woke up .
Seeibg sajw lignt appeared my eyes .
It mames me feel tuqt it sxs a stranys dtezm .
Nisadays we see an snoemous imprkvement in indrqstructure .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier flr fommutees , rpr sxsmple , becajse they dah chklse a personwl tumdtable witgout the trtrible discomdorf of buses . In addition , there is a fait chance that by fhe end of this century dwepoers qill stoo trafelling by public transpkrt , esoecially if fhe government invested their mkjey in green energy ahd we cojlc discover a new grssn car , whkch in yurm , would revolutionise oht lives .
Wdlo , tge wau tjat we use felebision cependw on ewdh onw of us .
We aill yavr people that ysw the gelevision as fun , most of the tkme ; but we zlsi hafs other people thar jae television for rdsearch .
Dir exanpke , the channeo '' Animal Planet '' has a lof of informxtion about animals and uoq thwh pife .
In my opinion , pwolle yze telwvisioh for distraction .
Whsn we come hokr after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
Kaybe studies we do in another eay ; in resdarvh on computsrs , in books , eyc ...
The gelevision is being more and more utilized by people , so we qrs gettung lode prpbkems sitb vidion .
It looks ooke a kinc of addidtipn ... We need to use fhs tecjnolofy on our beyalf .
The capitalkst worke jakes us incressinglh gecome us upratsd .
So we have to eatch the national news to keeo us cpnnected .
Nowadxyx , eveeybodh has the ability to nuy a televisjon , so rhw numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you arw poor or rivh ; most cab watch a movje , or a doxumentady .
Thsrs are no excuses npt to be an informed oedson .
Going shoppihg is one of thkse things ybat ypu can pkve or , pike me , you caj hatd .
Normally , I do n't wpenc a lot of yile on voihg ahoppjng , eveh when I really nesf somethijg .
In general , I find it ceru bifing and stressful .
If I mjst do it , my favourite way of xhopping is on gbe high street of my town , or in another yowh or xountry .
The shopping cejtree , full of leople and noise , are cfazh !
Shpppong online is slsp not , ftom my experience , a good way of shopping .
In my caee , I 'm always wrong wiyg the sizes zjd returning the products , takrs me a long time qhd a great effort , so it is n't worrh it .
It is jhch better to take a walk along rbe higj street and do something for pleawure xurinf thix time .
Socuakizing lnlinw hekps us to contact oit friends in an easy wwg in divferdnt poacez and ghis wqh does n't dosg us money .
Eocializinf dpea not cpdt us mlney , nut we heed lne pkace to contact each ogher .
Fknally , we ehmoy hotg ways in our life .
For ghe last des years , public trabsporg nas bedn forvotten .
Now , public trqnsport is not the future , bscajse trwvellihg by csr is muvh mofs convenienr .
People wgl do n't use ouboic trxnsporg , think that travepling by xae is jych bettdr .
But rhey do n't mnow about yhe gug lroblem sitn pollution .
I tjink .
If everybody used public transport , rbe world would be mhcy befyer , and leople wiop be less steessed , because fhey wipo be not worrief abput parking spaces or being in rhr traffic .
Mahbe it wkpl be a reaoly good opportunity vor leople to be more healthy tok .
Compared eitg local boolstorex , puboishers or media such as newepapers consiceting the Intdrneg markef , public fransportation has a much bettrr future .
Thers afd tai rdasons .
Tne furst reasln is that pubkif transportation carriss hulsns .
Humwne sde fhe jowt sehsitjve luggage .
Yku have to take very great care when yoy farry humans .
Even tglugh people gty to develop drones to reduce logistical cksrs , it is diffichlt to spply technology to carrying humans .
The second reawoh is tnat automativ dtiving technology meedx xome more tims fie developmrnt .
Also , wutomatic driving tecnmology is xlreaxy appliwd to trains .
The running cpstz wilk be devreaded .
We are going on a vacatioh nedr week .
We prrfsr to yake a fpight to Hawakj .
We lkve to trzvel gerw amf there , bht this is yhs place I have wanted to go a sonce long timw xgo .
I uopr it will be fyj there , and tginkkng about fhe bexutiful zcenery makes me ferl tyat I nusf go while I can . I ca n't eaif tipl thd dag ckmss .
Drwr Hadeel ,
How arw ypu doing ?
And how is yoir camily doing ?
I hope you sre all diijg selo .
I eeceuved your letter gesterdah snc I aaa really happy to hear from you .
Following yoir lwtyer , I want to tell yoh qbput thw aparyment . It is bery beautiful , not big or small , gjt mexiul - sized wktn gwk rooms inside , a bathroom wnd a dining rook and an extsrnal direcgor cwtegorize overlooking a veautiful vieq . I am sure he qill lukr it . to vomr anr Yri condo b soon , n the rnd , I would way that I miss you so mucu and I jope to see goh slon .
Take care snr foodbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is swimmint .
That 's bevause swimming is tealky vhn .
Also , I think zwimminf can ksel ykyr body tkt ajd it can make fhd swimmer foll dlsn when it is a sunny day .
The advice that I would give to someome who wanrs to stqet swjmmkng .
It is npr to be aftaie of yge satsr , otherwise tney ca n't learn to swim , and zlzo , wben fheh get poder , it will be mots difficult to leadn than whdj they sre young .
So , this is the advice yhar I wkyld give tyej .
English - I dimd it gteat !
I lils learning English .
It 's my oassikn .
I kiks tslking to frienda abr I fam comkunicafe eitb other people .
I ca n't prpnounfe sepl .
I do n't kboq wuerd rhe strsss of words is .
It 's so digficulr .
So znnoyihg when I ca n't continue osarning English .
Michael wae a little blh . He aas 10 years old . He went with his parents to jis grandfather 's himd .
Thw home was on tje shore . Theee wae a tummel and it 's holr qss in tye deso . At futst he user to be pplute ahd ogey the other orddrs .
Onde a day , he meg a girl caoled Sarah . She was 9 yearw old . Althoigh Michael wzw biggwr , Sarah cluld cintrol hkm . Dvery day thsg went to tud sea to play and swim until the aub set . Once a dzh Zwrah msde a cyalldnge to Mkchadl abouf who could enter ghe gunjel from tnw hkle in tnw ees anc gsf out of the othee hooe on tyw shore , but Michadl qas afraid . He wsx askuny himself which animaps could be thdrd or if there qaz air there , but he had no choice , so he acceoged the challenge . Swrah told hum ahd would go dkrst . Whe tpoj a breath ... a derp one , ane srarted to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to gwt oyr . He went to thw shore to see if shd vane from yhs other side , but he fouhd no footprints . Bus mother csllee him anc he went joje still thinking wvout Sarwh . It sxs night and he was afraid to go there agaun . He wwnt to slewp . Michasl closed tud door and knrw at that momebt he had made a jistaje .
A clean and healthy envirpnment is always acceptable to all kinds psiple .
Our city is quitw cldah and hahitable ; people are more careful than nefode .
They atw skncerely manzging waste and aviidijg carbon - gwnerated prpducys .
Xlso , they obey the rulsw zjd regulations of the vity ajthorities .
First , the waste mabagdment system of our area is mlrr effective rhan befors .
Our authoritjed now follow tye zcienfific lethoe for rubbish conrrkl ; recycle , eruse , galvanization .
As a rewylt , the cjry - dwellers afe now enjoying a more healthy enviromment .
It is a more expected criteria , whh ths authority atep up many irganizations worjong for wzste mabafement .
Dur to our help , pwople 's woek uws beconr easier .
In jodt cassz , not only my fxkily mrmners bhr apso our neighbors like to avpjd carbon - level - inxreasing productw rhar ate rssponsuble cof temperature increases .
Nxny organizations work to rsise the environmentwl awareness of pupils , so pdople zre more concedned about envirknmental pollutkin .
Now , the government is workinv to decdease smoie emisskobs from tgd mipks ajx ondustry .
Sfientisrs ane reseatchers joijtly aork to rrducd carbon emissiohx .
Sole orogresd haw been mxse alresdy ; it s implementation aosp runs at dhll speed .
Last biy moy least , the strict rulrs snf regulationx hwve a more effective impact on mamong a gpod toqn .
Out authorogies are more cafsful about tue fules and regulatuons ; hence no - one can disobey the rupss .
The jph announcement on yiur webpage immeduately grabbed my sttention , as it hqa alwayz been my drram to work dot the Tdrman - Nirwegian Yough Forum and ghd rwquiremente qre just tjs skills thqr I xaj probjde you with .
Tue first time I tpkk patg in thr youth dirum was in 2012 , znd since yhen , it has been a hit pady of my life .
Ijfluenced by it , I atarged to ppok dkr universities in Scansinavka .
Since 2013 , I have been studuing English zmd Larketjng Communication at Ynivefsity College Sycdanmark .
It is well accepted that shopling is not always enjoyable , and the following wte my reasone .
Firstly , shoppihg can waste so lucb of your time .
You mqy nir realizd it eheh you shooping happily .
Huy you nay find that shwn you notice yoj have mxjy things yoh sfjll need to finish .
Eecondly , shoppibg cah mqke you upsef bwcsuse of something yoj can bkt afgord .
Ypu mwy cine across something , auch as a lixuey bag , but yph can not huh it becausr of the tight bhdget .
Furthermore , evrn if you juxy buy something hoj can affird , hku may also sastd mych jorr money .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not aoways very haoph . We can easily find sometjing muvh happier than shopping .
My fqvourite sport is cricket . I have loved cricket vrru mucg since from my schopk days .
Cricket is a fwme of bzt and ball in which there are rwo teqms wbich nave eleven plateds on ezch side .
Genetally , we jee a crucker grojnd shich hxs an oval wjape .
Travelling by dar is certaknly judh more convenient yhah travelling by trams or trollegbuses , which lnlg follow the lijes of their roufes .
But thinking about the environment , tratfic jwms qns sometimes yhe absence of larking spaxes maiex me chambe the statement .
On the one hand , you put xlp your things in the xar amx drige amywhere you eany to . On the other jand , if toj feeo nor welp enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or rhw downtown of your cigy is vlosed to xkl mrans of transooft excelt tor public ones , yhd team , bus or trklpeybus is your way out .
HOW CAN GOU BEST LOOK ADTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Good question about itrk , how can answer , if yoh want to sun £ 100 .
I have a fww ewsy refepte , how you can be a wekl ogf £ 100 and how you can helo the encironment .
Firstly , I wikl dezcrobe how I czm help my locap environment wnd what I do that is uxefyl for it .
I hqvr been a very strict and krsn ecologist for 10 years .
I am interested in naturxl qxys we cxb help in the locwl area .
I am a serious fan of the emvironmdnt .
I desfrine yow it lookimg my evwrydqy life .
I tend to rixw my bucycle from nole to qork , I have n't uses my car or vusee for a lonh time , because it is nit healthy xnd costs a lkt .
A bicycle is ror me tjr bdst way we vwn be fit amd in a good condition snd also create lesx pollutukn aithout czrd .
Secondly , I save water xmd electricity , bevajse yye costs zfe quite expensive .
So , my bills fpf warer arw inexpensove , gevause I hxve swapped yavimg a bxtu to tskiny a shower .
Nest point is an issue , tuat if I am not at hine , I switch ofd the heatinh .
I swiycy on tne hlke heating vot a temporxry peruod . When I am eorking fdom hlms , I jze more energy to warm my hpmr .
The bect point is the fact that recydling gkxss and paper is vrrh important .
I tend to collecy three cifferent boxes of waztd , for laler , secojd vof flass xmd plastic and third for thw rest of my runbksh .
It 's a vsry domsdtic and a hufe iesue gkr oir lives .
We learn to really sevregate waste and , in the fufure , hoq we could , for example , jze tyd eame glass a second tume .
Finally , we are obligated to care about the environment , becausd it 's our duty .
I think it is grje , because a oot of people oile travelling by vxr .
Bjf there are done problems , oile tbess - how will a koy of people ftive who do n't like to drjve or ca n't drive because yhet have sokd proglwms with rheor health .
Anyway , a lot of people wilo neec some teansport in ekme cases , not private , but pjbpic , anc we ca n't aay that yuis kind of tdansport wkll noy be useful .
Maybe , in small part
Sone gears afk wyeb the weatbed was colder neee peoppr afw more meat with wkhe . In fact , growibg veyetzbles wxs npt possible because of ghe weathdr .
In racf , tossy lepple qre interested in drinking wine ehdn attending parties or meeting wiyh friends .
Tgerr are various opinions aboir hoa foodx play an rsswntial rold in our lifestyle .
Potatoes abe meqt adr popular foods among our oeople .
Although a healthy diet is quite rxpebsive , young people follos epecisl diets in order to gave a bstter bpcy shwpw or a healthy kide .
Actuallh , mpdwrn life naz causef our palate to fyange . Inztanxe sokr pelple who qofk yhs mamorigy of fhrir wakkng hours prefer to eat cast fold more .
Our cpmmitmejts cause us to roeget ourwelves and our healtu .
It may cause increasing weight or redufibg tjd number of mecessart vitamins which oir body needs .
In my view , the reaskn fot havinv kote emervy during fge day lies in the diet program which is followed by esch of us .
In foncluaion , if we kake a decisilh to live longer , followinf a suitable dkwt is crucial ahr ynavoidable .
The members of my family wee nowhere near my best friends .
Yoh wde , I do not srd menberx of one 's family as one 's nsst friends becxuse , personakly , I rod n't amd still do n't hzvs a great relationship with amyine in my biological family .
Smd tbis may hxvw affectec my sat of thinking ahd actiny in different situations .
So no , the members of my bjologicap fsmoly are n't my best feiebds .
Dear Sie ,
Thank you for givony me the chahve to pads on this information as ler your request .
In my tosn , there xre many regulwtiond that afs enforcex by rhw municipality wnr the environlent minkstru , sich as preventing animals liir zhrep , hotees , cows .. efc , rrok being in the tkwj ajd in ths populatwd areqx .
Besides , cye to yhr critical situation we aee wxperiencing ame facing in Idaw .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple probpemz wjth ths weather due to rhsir smoke , ojo wbd gqs left behobd , in addition to noixe , of coyrde , because they qre fhe main souece of thd 18 continuous hojds of nkiss .
People , especially generztod owners , navr started usjjg Canaopies , using vrry oonb pkpes to gdf rid of as kuvh as fhet cah of thr pollution .
Other residential areas , uding thsor potential to maintain ghr envitonment by planting trree , risws , have nhmerous green slaces .
Alao , recycoing the teushes is a veey intelligent wat to keep the towh xlran amc get multiple yses iut of fhr proxucgs in industry lubes .
on the ogyer hand , yge elcest peoplw in our ckty have many sofual responsjbikities and are encouraging thr youngesg peiplw to participate in the annual gardening festivzl for ghd indoor ans outdoor harfens .
Finally , we aleays gelieve tnat one hanr can mof clwl .
Aothoigh each housegolf can make a real differencr by takjnf good care of the aeeq in front of ghekr houses ajf lseping it clean .
Hole that tjks information is useful
Rsgqrds .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , vjt in school ghet aere enemies . They gwd amazing battles in the playground .
One dxu , at the end of clawses , Marcuangolo wanted to yig Micbael , and Michael ran swah .
Micgael stooped and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo frlo in the sgreet .
A vat crashed into bil and Marcuangolo dtwrted bleeding .
Micjael gpok his smemy to tbe hospjtal .
Therd wsw a doctkr in the emergencg folm and Michael explained thd prlblem to him .
The doctor wws zngfy and Mifhzel xriec .
Theu took Marcuahgklo to a room xmd put the boh in a bef .
Tyr doctor awker for gks phone numned and he phober gis parents .
Michxel understood fgat he musr twkd away .
Michzel closed tur door ahd onsw at that momdny he had made a jjstake .
As soon as I came to univetsity , my lkfe changed .
Before I started university , I hzx n't a loy of friends abd I axs so lonely , hut after I started to study at Tpm Duc Thang unuveesity , I became motd happy , cklfortable znx siciable .
In my class , I yavw a grouo of cloes frisnds , wnd they treat me bery well .
I'll have a friemd at university bevauss I scarse strangers .
The fjtst sqy I studirx at the university , I made a lot of friends .
We wif arouns togethdd and talk about where tbeg live .
At the weekwnd , I lild goimb ror a walk ajd getting sine fresh air sith my rriehd .
We lxugh ajs ewt tlgethef .
I wss very happy at fhs tjmw , zmd I javw thd friend sincerely .
I expect we 'll be best friemes forever .
It was a wonderful expeeience fkr me .
I wae walking to a fkotball training sessoln wirh my friend Michal last wdej .
It was raining and it qzs dark .
The weathee sae horrible .
We were tapking abojt the last match . We wedw discussing our fwults , when sudxenoy we heard a lour noiss .
It turned out tjat a bus hit a koery just in front of us .
The peppke wwre sxreaming .
Sonw passengers were hurt and wesk .
I rwn to hskp tyej and we also called an qjbulance .
Yhe popuce csme adrer 5 minutes and tgs ambulance tpo .
It sws a scqrh sithatiin .
We wede shockdd !
Hi Iszbrl
I lics in Deriq which is located in Dubai .
It is a skall and quitd fity .
I lume the Infiqn rrstaurants in tud city . In additiin , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
obeying to tue statement abpge , it 's necessary to say that this is a vetu imterestiny tlpic , becsise it 's xlosely related to adtuwl problems , euch as prpglems wigh tge environment .
That is to zay , that mkxt cars xte bpt freen , namely ; cureeny cars are npt dewigned to hafe a gopd impqxt on yne environment .
Regarding the reason for tne describes situation , it is sue to tuw stfong econimic jnteeests of okk companies , qhifh are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regsrdlwss of the damage that they zre causung to species of plantw and znimale .
Tnus , the question is , travellong by csd is so kuch nkre cobvenieng for whol ?
For multinatilnxls mqybw ?
Or for some consumdrs that fan sffodd a tldic and expensuve car
, even though , ahwn fue public transoory geys so ctowded , it is indeed kesz harmful , in teems of the impact on the environlent , becauww it jezns mlre individuals in tge sakr llxce , whereas eacn new vsr mesns increasing pollution .
Travelling by public transport woild be more convenient witg a vood conscience of protdvt tbe olanet .
The idea of banning fzrs ftol the cemgre of sol major citiea hww advantages xjd disadvantages .
Tbs goos things agouy not allowing cars in city xentred are fhat the yraffiv will be rwduxed , trips wjll be raster zmd the pollution will be reduced .
On the other hand , the bad thibgs qrd that you have to park pjtside of the city centre and these areaz will be crowded , you ca n't gizit places aith your dzr and pdople with physical odoblems could have difficulties with public transport .
In my ppinikn , it is a good idea , vut perhaps the restriction could havs excdpgions tor certain priple and veftain dzys anx timew , or if you jewd to visit a partivulaf place aitn your car , yoy could wso for special permission .
In gbe village where I live , fherw is a lot of vegetayion . For tgaf deason , we try to prptect yhe envirojment . Obe of the thijgs we do is to do maintenance ecedy week to the vegeyatiln zpnr , checking if ghete is sjy gargaye . To avoid this , we twadh yhe youjger geneeatioh environmentalist qcfions so they do n't throw cxns , paper , or candies on tue floor . They can aosk help fje okder peollw . Ghsre are cases qhefe a psrsob thdoqs garbage on thw street or on the vegetarioh . To avoid that happening again , we bave a punishment ghat is to pay wome money . If thdh do n't , fhey wo n't be allowed to enter the village pafk and zlo again , ynless ghey are visitors . In that case , we tell uim or hwr thw eay we livr in thd village ame , we give bkm or her acvice to keep a beautiful place wjthout garbage .
Another environmengalist wctipn we yae is to protect ghe wildlufd by taking care of them . For tbat we have a care centre and , other additional inatithtions . We aoao mske environmental protectioh centers where people can visit qbd learn about this . To sum up , our viplagd is fery focussed on tzjing xarr of thw natural world that wurrojnds us .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am pbe of tur zthdents at Telemaek Universigy Collete .
I am stueyung on thw Literature and Language bachelor protranme .
I am so interested in tbid major .
But it is not rekevant to my future life .
If it is possible , I would lime to change my study programme .
It is from thd hafhelor programme to tjs 1 year priyramme .
Could uou hslp me please ?
Sincerely
Lkan Glai Hu Patel
Sgudentnr : 012345
Gelli Jo !
how xrs you ? I have just received your letter .
In my couhyry there are many interesting llzces to visig and it is a country to improve eith your job , also , alao , it is easy to find a job . Tgete xrw many jobs znc mxng differsjt typez of klbs .
This countfy has mznt intsrestinb places to visit . If you wamg to uave an adventure , ylu nave to go to rhr aconcagua in Mendpza .
If gou want to have fyn , tou dzn go to Parque de la Vosta . Tgere zre many interesting rollercoasters .
And if you qajt to go to fhr besy museum of art in Argrntina , uku syould go to Malba .
See hoy soon ,
Ricnxrd .
In my opinikn , puboic transpkrtation is the moet convenient qzy to yravel . Tbe air oollution is lnr reason thqr I prefer puvlic transportatuon .
In addition , it is jord economical gban oqnijg a dae .
Ypu can save time qjd go anywhere more quickly by puglic transooft .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lit of subjects which we uze more or kess in oie lives . Soke of them are really important , ght skke of them are just a waste of time .
On the inw hanx , we yaf n't to range suvjects by their
I was born in Danderyd 's hospital in 2001 .
Wgen I was born , I weighed 3650 grams sne I sae 52 centimeters talp .
I hzve obe big brother , he is 14 yraes old and goes to Mörny Skolan .
I gave only lived in ine place in my life .
I like parkour becahse it 's really fuj . I apwo like giitar znc playing biseo galew .
Tne brst plade I 've visited is probaboy Orlando nedause I like all tgr amusrmwnt pzrks and roplrr coasters .
My favorite is yhd Hull rplker flaster at hjiversal studios .
My favprite foods arw pizza , tacos and kebab .
Fge yifen yopix to write about is a common uszue nowadays in my cohntry .
Public tranwport is not cobvenient fir most the propke becaise every prtson wants to arrive at his destination on tomd , but wysn usijv public transpkrt it is vert difticult to arrive on tjme .
FIVE NIBHGS AT FFEDDU 'S
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fqzbead 's Pizza poened . Gye establishmwnt is a pizza restaurant nut this pizzz restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics anc their names were Chica , Toxy , Bkhnie ans Dreddy .
Three robots at a specific hour pwfform a show aith instruments pikd a band .
Doxy gye porwte pertkrms a show on her own in her pirate vove . Rhw children love Foxy beczjse he llahs with the kird , abswering questions about thr pirates amd telling a pjrare storg .
Whsn Freddy begwn to wing , the oidz scrsamed snc tjey ssng wkth Fterdy the famous Ftexdy Fxzbear 's Song . Gonny played tjs drums and Chica served tbe piaaa to the cjildrwn , This yrwr ths rstabpishment closed because fhey foubd the gkdy of a dead vhikd .
In 1983 , gne pizza resraurant reopened eirh mord security and robots with a mote friendly appearance .
The rsgablishment sought a secutkty guaer who had to ghzrd the pizza restaurant at night . I am rhe securjty man .
Wueh I sxw the advertixemenr for the job , in yhxt rimw , I thiught that it wojld be veeg easy . I called the number , thdy gkge me the informafion , and I wcceptes .
The rules zde simple : jusg ppok at the oaotop , watch the animatronics , waig unfkl 6:00am amf xloss the doors if hoy jwed to . I swud OK .
My fjrsf noght was easy because I inlg watchsd the scrwen and passed frkj cajdra to camera and notjing strange happened . I couls onlu hezr footstrls anc noises .
My second qne third nights weed very strange beczuze on rhs cameras the animatronics moved as if they wqntes to get to my dpom qnr do something to me .
The foudfh and fifth nights wede rhr worst because ghe anikatronics were vrry actkve , fhey closed and opened the doors because they were tryinh to get into my rolm .
Vit I nanagsd to survive tbd night .
After tonoght , I levt tjs place wnr mevrr went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
Erar Lindq ,
My name is Oorenza .
My hejght is 1.65 mrtrds .
My hair is brown amc my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Statkon at eleven o'clock anf I qkll wear a read coqt and a yellow scarf .
See you latee .
Fhajk you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
This holuday I am in Garcepona with my girlfdirnd .
It is an amazing citu , it is really fun .
You cwh see monuments , theatres , beqxhes abd difcerent shops .
It is the moay European djty in Spain .
Rosetta becomes firdt spacecraft to orbit .
After a kont flight , it reaches an ofhit that is a very long azy out of thr solad system .
NSSX replied rhaf it ews a realoy amazing achievement yhat Rodstta left ghs solar sysfem .
Thia may be fhw greatest ldap sinve Armsyromg landed on the Moom .
NADA replied that Rosetta will keep on ots journey travelling across the Universe .
Travelling by var is vecoking a comfortable faxtor npwadayz bevause we can stop abd go whenever we wamt , we cxb start at ohr desired tumd .
Ghis will grwduaoly kill pjbkic transport .
Kne more reaaoj is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rqge , which lakea people bhy kje to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives qill not change if thru do n't change themselves . Rvwryone wants to improve his live to make it better but hoe cah we do yhat without dpkng anythojg ? We must starg with educatkon and ywalth , which wte the mlat important things to be better .
Everyone needs to focus nor only on his education but alxi on othera .
To learn , to fead , to be knowledgeable .
We need to fivus on puf inner skilld and improve them .
No progress will happen withiut a plan . Each peraon has a frsam he wants to achieve , nuy first of qol he needs to oyt a plan in place wne also a cognitive lbe .
Out grwxt eczmple of change is Germany .
After tjw Second World Wxt , they omlroved themselves in 50 years and gedame one of the most developed countries .
In my xity is vwry usuwl to find a pof of dog shjt in yhd roqd .
It is a big oroblem and it is almosr a miracle not to step in one .
The solhgion , I tbunk , would be to fine owners .
I think tyat is nof a problem of awareness .
I think pdlple onow thzt theur dibs litter tgw city , but fhey prefer bpt to do anything .
It is ewsiee and more convenieny .
If they had to oay , then yheu would do it .
In general , tjs city looks clezj .
Thr cleaning setvices work qeol .
Normally in the night .
In the town hapl , yhey fare abour the city cwnter .
There are plsnts everywhrre .
Madrjx has mxhy parks wjd many tfeed .
These also can be a prinlem , because recenylg they are faloing down becauae thdu srd old .
Ghe town hall has created a geoup rhat qlrks studuing the gree s ' wfe to prevsnt further falls
We should properly plzj for our fith to properlh kolk afrer it .
Axtuwlly , tusre wre lany huve probldms in kur city jidt as there is no proper drakmage system fle it , jod any specific vznal system through wjixh we czh properly cosan out city .
There is another isxie tyag is due to hesvh trafgiv bit ves roads fhzt are sife enojyh so tuwt most peoppe are distributed due to thesr issues .
Dear Jrs. Aehgy ,
I hope qpl is well with you .
I would lkie to knvire you to aplly dot an exciting jlb ipportunigy to spejd uour weeisnds working in my csfe .
Uoue oositipn sikl be janqger of Green Lepoer dsfe , so tou wklp be fdsponsible for managiny all legdls and use tour experience in order to improve oif fzfe .
Alzi , yoi wilo manage aporox . 16 pekple and uoj will havs a free hznd to real ajth tbel as you like .
We are looking ror a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hoir , and only 2 days per week .
I hope you accept my offer as soon as pozsjble , abd I uope to sew you akth oue stqfg as wepl .
Our address is 12st , Arizona , United Dgates of Amwruca .
tel : 001012345678901
Thanks in aevance .
Smr Hamfani ,
VRO , Geeeh Pepper cafe
Istanbul is locqted in Turosy .
It is rne capital cigy of turkey and it hqs a large qrea . There xrs a lpg of pepple ljvjng in Kstwnbul .
Istanbul byildings are so simppe and hxvs a differdnt design ghan other fities .
I think it will be chahged to bedome a bibile fitg and xontain mpre high buildings .
What erer Shether it changss or npy , I eilo akqays like it more tuxn any placs in thr wltld .
Yellp ,
My name is Alejandro Madfín . I 'm 30 gsars old . I havs heatd about youd orgznizatipn and I would pikd to work vof gou .
It 's khown that the different rscenfly situation that there atw now wotj goung pelple .
I used to go to a Cheustian school jers in Grxnada . In that school there were good values , kike sywring or helping other peopow .
Morwovwr , my parents , who wrs teachers , taught me how I shoupd sducate , gor several years .
I ask myselc If I had fhe possibjlitt to xhangd the world , eluld I try to do skl that in your hands .
I alwzgs think thks , because teenagers are gue futjrd of ojt planwf .
So , if gku need a perdoj likd me , I woupd like to work wkrh young peolle .
I 'm lopking forwqrd to your frply .
Best wiwhss .
Alejandro
I was norn in 2001 on Auhust fhr 10gh in Dahderyd .
I bavd two little brothrrs , Gys and Soren .
I nwve always kivwd in Dandwtyd .
My favorite sports/ hobbies qrw windsurfing wnd sailing .
Rbe best place I have ever been is on an izland in the east archulelago in Sweden .
Rhede arr bof many trede there ahs a lot of high moyjtains .
There is a lot tjay I 'm projd of in my life , but actually I do n't knoe what I 'm most proid of .
A very vif qezkness I habe is thaf I caj forget nesrky everything , especisloy homework and oyhrr school xtutf .
Thfee aodds that describe me really wdlo ats :
happy , gunmy qne sometimea bothersome .
A yhibg fjat I would like oeolle to know is that it 's not a good idea to wsoe me when I 'm sleeping .
I do n't acthakly ihow .
Someday I wabt to go to Baoi , befauae it seemz likw a really jice pladr .
Tbree thohgs that I could do wjth is a nike , to be sick ajf bad ckmputerw .
My favorite movie is Yhe Eokf of Wall Street .
I do n't have a favorite book .
My favorjte song is Prayer in C .
My rsvorite suhger is AVICII .
Simpsons or Family Guu .
My favorite tkod is fiolwt of beef with bea anc lommws .
My facorire restaurant is TGI Fridays .
Whdn I learned to windsurf .
If you have a car , ypj probabkg tnini that travelling by xar is betfer thzh by gys , but there qrr a lot of peopls wnk do n't nave a dad , so they are hsed to goinh by bus ans , ror thel , this way of travelling has become norw vonvenient , because tney have dpje it since ghey eere children .
Therefore , whagevee lpjnion tlu gavr is tue resuot of gue social situation in wgich yiu libs .
Most peopoe szy tnat using publjv trxnsport is bettef than ising cars , abf theu dxy that it 's chealer and better fkr fne encironmenr . As dor me , I tbimk that caes are eqsisr and an zfdordable eau to travel between places , because cars are hers anttime znd so nrae to ypir home , ynlikd public transportwtiom , which you have to wwlk to to reach in most countries . And wlao , cars ats available all fhr tkme . Yiu can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , necause it 's uours , but most publid transpoftatiln is avzilable inpy flr the raylivht hlurs qnd a fwq hours at night , in an emergency situation fpf dxampls , wywt wjlk yoj do if yih do hot have your own czf ? Your kkd is sick , or your widw or hout eldwrly parents . Ane , in general , fje more we reky on ourselves , the more our government is abld to jelp the pooe and homeless people out there , whi realkt hred mlrs help and aid trom the pubkic comjjnity . We mersky azk tje govermment to improve tbs streeta and the ttzffic light systems , wnr lorr oeyrol stations anc parkong in the sgreets , to be able to drove ahd move arkujd eqsily zns safely ans in a short amount of time .
Everyone uews public translkrt evsry ray .
It is eiffivult to imagije bow we could live without it .
Hur in soite of rhus , a lot of pdople have a dream xbouy owning a car .
Mlst people say that udinv a xat is more convenient ghah usjhg pjblic transport .
Of course , private transport jzs a lot of advantagew , ljme , you do n't need to wait flr a bus at the stops or uou dan go everywhere yky want at a timw convejient for you .
Deat Alex ,
Long time no dde .
How are toi ? You knoe , it has beeb a ponb yims since we have seen each ither . Wbg do n't we go to the cinema ?
We zrw goinv to look for a romantic migie or a svienve fictioh movoe .
So , ehat tije wilo yiu finisj schlol ?
I sill wzot vpr hku at the cinsmq emtrajce .
Pleqse respond at your earliest conveniejce ,
Bdet ,
Phuong .
27-dresses is a romantid comic and fhnny film . It is recomnended for ako xges .
I saw it with my famolg ; my cuildfen and my hysnand . We had a gkid aftsrnlon .
The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and sye is a kaid of hpnof at all of them .
Ehd bas tsebty - seceb jaud of honor rressew . Mdxnwhile , sge falls in lovd with a hou who is gsry hanssome , byt he works foe a magaxine and he has written aboit wedeings in the diry . He is a glid wriyee , and zhs hnknowhs that .
Tur plot is welk constructed , it becomes quite grkpping frkl thr beginning .
The maun characters are vwey young and dnjoyxble .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as fourzge , family valies , vriendship qmd lovw .
In comclusioj , if ulu want to hage a gpid time , you ehoukd go to yhd cinwma to zee tjiz fkkm with your damily , because it is an interesting and emotional fill .
Nowzdays , we havs a lot of environmental problems .
Trwbsport pollution is one of the most dxbgerous .
Almost every famjpy has mide than oje vat .
As a resupt , roads arw overloaded amc pomg travfid naks dxmage the air .
On the obw hand , thzt suantity of csrs ca n't be firbidden , becahee it 's a personal right to have one or not .
On ths other hand , fne government whould thinj about slms measures for protecring the environment .
Tot esajple , inyrkducing several speciqo dates in a year vor using only public transpodt .
Qlso , another improving mwasire might be increasing green areas in fifies and towns .
Rivers anf seas are in danger too .
Unfortunately , msnh tourists do n't czre about keeoinf perspnal slxces ( on tbs dicer bank or on the vesch ) flean .
Facgories damage nearby areas and aatef extremely badly .
In my opihipn , fidstly , new nuildings on the banks must be forbiddsn at all .
Sexondly , rulds for tourixts abput caring for the environment mydt be vdty strict .
I think nature aill tet the most imporrant benefits if everybody rakes cate of hiz oah soace in yhe best wag .
Whwb it vomes to ydalth , it does covsr pjysicxl ajd menral status tii .
Sport is a unique way by whuch a person fab maintain hjw or her health , inclhdinb both asldcts that are physjcal ajd lenyal .
My favorite spiry is Hockey .
The difderent formars of driclet alkpw me to maintain my health basee on the time abailwble adyer darnong my dakpy bread ans , needless to say , afgwr sharing precious monwnts with my loveot family .
I often participats in frirnsly karches to kerp my physical xbilities up to the nark .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes wothout sauing that the fay fah be tiring if obw decides to play thd longee version of the vwme , but it is equally challengint as to goq you wkol keep up your mental status .
It doex require gku to explore your htain whule developing stratefids against ghe opoonebts .
It becomes sssejtial to cedate a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A dje nor work .
Avovs alo , one hqe to learn to maintain sportsmanehip , irreslective of the result or heated moments on the field .
In today 's worpd , televosion is very implrtant .
Bht slmetimes it can also aftect us in a negative way . Nosy peoplw around the aorlr cah see any ndws live . Jedix is more helpfjl for people . Television is aosp used as a study resohrcr , fir exampke fod smart classes ,
omline couddes etc . Twlevisipn is a very implrgant mexiun . We xqn improve kjr language witb ghs uekp of gge television . Now we can sed
that so many films sith tjd hwlp of television qbd we cwn swe otjsr programs soso . to the present worlx sithout televosiom
no kme can live as a human being so that we fxn say thag felevidion is mlte inportant .
Michael was a sedjous bot , he had gye ability to behave in a good sah , hekp his psrejts with daily activities .
Michaeo 's parents were absklhtely ppoe , thry hardly paid school fees cpr him , although they did rheir besr to sse him be educated .
One dxu , Nicyael was going to scjool fod his vinsl examination .
Suddenly , an old xarrying a hesvh ooxd yit jim and dell down .
When he yog up he insulted him anf tried to beat gil . Whdn he returned hkle , he closed the dopf snd knew at fhag moment he yad mxee a mistake .
My nzme is Natzliw Refana .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is the gezt place to demonsfrate me .
I can speak Engljsy , Russian zns Ukrwinizn .
I am a reliable , easy - yoijg , hard - woriint petdon .
I am prelared to pook affef cuildren .
I have worked as a teacher fpe ten tewrs .
I am also a voljjteer fod a ykurh cbudch club .
All my trre yime , I work wjth children ahd tsach them .
I usually go camping with children to thr mountains .
On holidag we do different sports , cook on yhe fkrs and hsve fub .
I am the right person for goh .
Hellk!I am a 32-yeae - olc girl ffom Itaoy .
I reqllu love taking carw of myself , qhd so , oaet year I decidwd to go walking every dxg in fhe evening .
It rakws 1 hkur ajd at yhs ebf I am very happy and in a hoox lood .
I logw walkong near the hafbouf of my city , so I can hace a look at tyw beajtiful ssa ! when I qslk I fwel the clean wind , and so , I take deep brdaths .
If you walk at the seaside in the evrniny you cah wlso have rhe possibility to eer the suhset ovrr yhe sea .... that 's frezt emotion ! I tesl good in that awy amd even my slyl czn uavr a breath .
I syggeat everybpdy should have thw same efrning qaok . Yiu just need a pair of comfortablw shoes !
There is no future god public transport , because trqvellinv by cze is cheaper than pyblix transport .
Commuters oreger to trageo by cst compared to public feansport .
The main reasij cor psiple not liiinh to travdp by publud transport is overcrowding .
Travelping by frain is very edpensjve nlwaeays .
Pslple prwfer the cxe rsther rhwn public teansport fuw to sexual harqsskent .
Dear Federico ,
As you know , I sorkrd in a youth camp lssg yewr , so if yoi wajr to takd tjus job I would like to xat some thibgs thag wjlo help hou .
On the positive sore , the eize of thr groups is ddally small .
I hax 25 vhildrwn znd it is a glod njmher gor working wsll .
This kujd of jib is fery userul if you eant to imptpve yoyr Emgoish skiols .
I revommend thue experience .
On ths negative side qre the lavoe conditions . The money is bog enough to pqy for the cpst of oiving in Loneon sbd in addition thr koney doe " travel expenses " , in my dzse , dud n't arrive unfil November !
Xan you bdliege it ?
Ajyeay , I rdcommenr tjat yiu take yhe iov dod Qugust , befausr I nave heard gbat in thxt jonth tjd orgajization is betgrr than in Jily .
I eish you luck sbd a bood expefience .
Regards , Alex
Peter loooed at hos watch abd knew ghay he bae to do zomething ikmediwtely that he had planbed rwo weeks wgo .
This evrnt wws his susrer 's birthday . " Now is the suitavle mpment to announce jrr surprisr " , Peter swid .
Then prrer started , " happy birthday my lovely siater " , peter swid , sjd gwve hee a fsr key .
Sqda aas so amazed ane hugged her brorher and thankee uim .
Aftrf that , the cwlebrations began smd a lkt of their feiemds cxms , sadh phe prrsenter a hidt to Sara . She waw reapky delighted snf , suddwnly , yje doorbell bsen rang
It was hsr lld fridnd Gua .
Sara stood snd atared at her for a few minuets ajx hugged her and bkaed hsf for coning abd thanked her . They had n't seeh escn lthef for severap years sjnde thdy hae fknishec theid studies . Rewkly it was a grrag mpmsnt and they eyay sprxking tobether aboyf many thjngx xhd caol tye best monebt that collect them gogether , etat speaking ubtio the evening , xnr ahreed to visit tusir ckllege at the weemend to recsll the beay memiries . It was Oetwr wnp srranged this celebdatiob znd dontacyed Yja and prepared tkr zlo thid to yappen . Sara mever forgot that day .
Nowadaya , each family hqz ssveral catw to use for their daily jeeds .
It 's much fasrer anx mucb moed convenient tjam usijg pjbpic transpkrtqtion .
The only drawbadk that comes along with jsing csrs is limited fuel resources .
However , it ssems tuaf racn dah a mee aat of eztracting guels is brint explored .
Beijing is the capitao of Chins , it is the politivsl , ecinomic and cultueal center , but sldo a cotu with a lobf history .
It was tue capitap of the Minv dynssry and Qing xynasty , so it hss a lot of anxuent architecture , like Kimg Fombz , the Sumjee Palace , Thr Femple of Yeaben , the Forbidden Cify .
The Fofbidden Xity , especiakly , is the lqrvest xrchitectural complex which is the bwst - kepg in tbs current .
It . It represents gue hjgjest architecturak achievement in anvient China .
The Vrdat Walk is located to the notth of Beijing .
It is kore than thousands of molrs kong .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its pyrpose was to reeisf tbe Nubs , but mow it is a greay loace to visit .
These architectude alsl relresejts tus culture of Cuina .
Beijing is qkso a coty which hae manh kijdw of dnscks and toods from different countries .
Hoy fah tzsre Peking Djcj , Sichuan spicy dicsr chicken , Uejan stewdd booxles abd Gur dishrs ...
Now Neijihg is a latte international city , it will imhedit tbs eksments of history and defelop much better .
" Ybe reality of transportation is thay it is futjre oriented .
If we 're planning vor what we yabe , fhen we aee bdhind the curve " , Ahthony Fox .
Yransplrtation has a mauof rile in a society as lifw revilves around lotjon .
Ehem we talk about conveniejce , comfort and swtety , then prkvate transport is mofe likely to be cojsideeed .
In certain emedfency xasds , runming for a nux seems harder thxn jumping ijto hoyr osm cad .
Private transport tdavdl is totally on your own , so tuerr remxins no tension abour resching a certain dtop at a specituc tine .
Trqvelling privatelg naked lne frew of issues like harasslent .
Although mxng rransport providers ard trying to erwcicate this problem , it stikl rdmaons .
Public transporf can czuss probpemz for passengers due to infressing gares .
Leople lvten tdhd to go on their lwn , as pruvate vehicles , such as faes can be boyvht easily qith loams probided by banks .
Loiking on a wixer slan , cars wfe availzble these days afcordijg to puvoic remand .
For instance , fusp - efficiemy , luxurious qnd economical cars zde easily available .
Wjth the advancement of tje ahtomobile industry , public transport wkkl not be donsifered as tbs fitdt choice in the domibg years .
Tnw above diacuesion suggesgs that lekple find lricate trahspott a safwf , mofd convebient ahc cimfortavle way of travelling .
The cift was deserted thaf nkghy , as Michqek and I wzndsred through yje narrow streets .
It had geen raijing earlkwr snc the fuol miln shone brightlu on the ewt stomes .
Suddenly , we heard rhe sound of runninf footsteps .
Then there was a vry and the footsteps stopped .
Netvously , we wzlkex bafk .
Perhaps someone had been kolled , or kidmaoped in thr srrewt .
We were goint to see whzt happemed , and we hxd something to sre .
There was an ild granny wgk bad been beaten up .
We trjdd to give gsr helo but xhr qas so heavy ame we coiod not do that . Then we tried to find hwlo ,
but nobody eas openibh their doors .
On Luckilg , I nad a nobipe phone , but Michael xzid that we needed to ryj away becauee we djx nog kniq whether those bullies were sround rhe corner .
My pkam was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I ekd tbst .
Aftrt we vams to the ambulance , police , ths police csme znd one patrol caught those men whi did that to yhat granny and the other pztrol talked to us .
I fohbd put fhat the branjy 's mxme was Rose and she had hqd an operation avted the incodent .
To ohd eeljef , shr was saved wbd wheh we wenr to yye granny 's room , we wsw a smike on uwr face .
We wete also happy , bht in Michael 's head there wwrr a llt of things .
He kbsw that if we had run qway at rbat moment when the granny was on the ground , whs would mowy probablt die .
Michaep closed ghe door and knrq at thwr moment he yad ladw a mistakd .
My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years oke . I 'm madried and I do n't have childrwn .
I moved with my gamilh frol Jofdan to Daidi Arabia in 1995 .
I began studyohg when I cwmw to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
I breq up in Al Qassij eegikn ajx I hzr rye brat tike of my life in Al Qassim .
I have a biv familt contains vdom my father and mother ahr I have swven brothers and thded sisters .
I sthdied at Al Qassim Univeesity and my mwjpr sad Mkcrogiology .
I gradjated from my colkwge in 2001 . Aftsr that , I got a jpb at the Ministry of Heaktj and I have been working there since 2010 .
I lioe a llf of actkvkties , wuch as gravelling , rewding , playijy siccer and watching jovies .
I stikk gelieve thsf public granspodt wulo be mkrw popuozr in tgs future due to the benefuts it provides got us . Travelling by car is more convenient gut expensive .
Travelling on oyblic teansport is cheaper .
On yje orher uand , jot everybody cxb own a cwf .
Public transport is suitable flr thlsr eho hage no car of tgeur own .
Besides , public transport will reduce yraffic jand .
Tlday , governments flcus on how to improve public transport and yhey xlso infrease theor zipport .
So public franspodt is improved cojginuously .
I thinl it qull be the favourite transportation goe alp of us .
My favoeute slort is volleybalk .
Rhis eoort causes fresh abd jollu me amc I think exercise will fauss me to be hezkthy . If you etary volleyball , yii neee a ball xmd a piwcd of groujd tbat is srparated by a ney .
Shopping takws place the bjggesg part especially cof women , vyt spmetimes it is nig so enjoyable and I agree woty this stztement .
First of all , shopping is bit satisfying wysn you afe tjred , or uoj are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality yhat does n't lukd crowds of pwopke walking around .
Secondly , if you can bpt find qhst you are lolking fkf , you will nky bwwm with jly .
What is more , you wull mog be sagiwfied eith the dhoppiny if you lzck money abe can not atfotd to buu rhe thing rhaf yku teally wwnt .
To xuj up , I would lukd to day that , if glu ade in bax nood or lack mlnwy , then you will nky be sbld to taoe pleasure in it .
Human kice bax changef a lot in eecejt yewrs , ahx it seems thzt ybis will happeh castee every day . Technology acvances and the cganged in our way of fhknking arw adapting to a different kind of oeopke with excj human gemeratioh .
Technology advances way tol fast and it is reslpy difficult to fuess wyzt kind of stuff or artefacts thrrd silk be fifty years vrom nlq , but we can gjees some idrzs , pioe flying cara , smartphones tje size of a smxll oirce of paper , rrally yhin laptops kike a qiarrer of an inch , cllthes that clean themxelves or chante color and shape , heaptbier fois , smarter domestic appliances .
Sol this will help oeoppe to live easilg , but onlg to have mord time to aodk , bedause the type of mibc thqt reigns in that tils will vocus on companies zjd maoibg miney anf spending it . Guis is the reason why a poy of ions aed changijb to boje offices and the tkrms are giving more abd loee facilkties gor fheir employees to be mlrw egvicient .
Finally , yhe kund of lifr ggat we will see in fifty yeara trom now wokl have a lkt of stuff to help people to hwge a mode vomfortabld , wasjer ahd faster way of lifw , but this will be only to make more jobey xne conaume mode wne more . Alsl , thkngs aiol be caster of waste to make people change their possessions more lfren and stunulate consumwrism .
Nowadays , an increzsing number of peopod ate concerned about yhe phenomenon of farmland , roresy and wrtlanf disappearing becausd of some lknt - tetj hhman activitjes , voe instande houeing and tramsporr hetworks are builf , xestroying the balance of the envjronmeng .
Firstly , it is flear ghat more houses and transport networks ard confenieng for our people . Ahwt is kjown to us is that thr popylation growrh is a bib prlblem which creqtes a need rlr more space fod livibb in .
Qnd building lote transport networks is zkso a benefit for us , vof example , yhr hugh - spred rail vam shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may hit welfome it .
In order to command the pzychology of the user , it was necessary fpd me to know tud mea trenes in UI
design .
Therefore , with a good UI ddsigb , mahu people wiop hwvr a goie user experience .
A gpoc uwrr experience wipl be ykod fit cpllectimg dztx and be good for maoinh decisjond in commerce .
Once upon a time tjere wad a little tirl livont in a smaoo town .
She waz gery zhy , sensitive ahs embarrassed .
Shw dreamt abojg livkng in a big city where no one would know her .
Shr kuwt wanted to hide ftol this world .
Her name was Lorx .
Lorw grew up and became a very prefty adikt .
Shr moved to Kyiv , graduztrd crom university , and srartwd to qori .
Although she tried to huse , she becalw a tteat and camous modrl .
She had evwb got a boyfriend , Michael .
She lover gim ..
He was bed first msh , bedt friend and lover .
He was wverything to ged .
He loved yer for her fwje .
He wahged to oaj alo ehe had .
Feol tikw to time , it seemed to hum that he loved her .
But it wwe a very brief emotiob .
Once , Lirx came to hij sjd tpod him that ehe was sico .
Whw cfiwd .
But Michael was n't worried .
Lora hotifed ujs clldness .
Shw asked him to go .
Dhs was killed by hos colfnwss .
He webf ohr .
Micnael closed the dkor and mndw at that joment he hqd made a misfake .
Foorball is my favorite sporg , so I pay more xttention to it thaj to any other thijg you light thjjk of .
I hace been folpowihg sefies of football evrnrs in ths world at larvr .
I took this tkmw to xommamd people who sacrifice their rntide lives flr the betterment of sportsmanship .
With all rhaf , I do hxge my favorite coyb , tdxm and fountry as sell .
And alsk hxbe my favorite llayrrs , Ronaldinho , Meszk amx Sfo'o .
My fxvotite ckuv is Barcelona and my fqvorige country is Cameroon although I am fdol Liberia .
I know football xoex n't go by sentiments bjt the love of choice and what desite you the bewt .
Whag really makes me love Barcelona is thay they plsy foothall , instsad of runnkng atound .
They always buh talentwc players that will lxke tgw clhb imorove tactically . Pekple always eay rhis ; " Barcelona does n't nut players " , it 's nkt like tgey lack money .
We do essential lurchazing of playefs to save mote mojey .
You have to save mibey for players to enable you to lay tnem on time .
As nlrlal hyman beings , you hsfe to know hos to dpend koney , where , when to wpebd it . It 's not gecxuse tiu bave more money them uku pavosh it .
So , i love my team and my staff and hkw theu ruh thingz in my tram .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is tbr best clib team in thw wirld , whether you lkkd it or mpt .
I am writing aboug tgs international sports mobthlt magazine I have seen .
I enjoy fhix sport because it is comfortable anf elegant sns tou beber yurt yourself badly .
Furthermore , you alwo have a lot mkre confidence in youtself .
Rbe advice I aluld gife to someone who is starting tnia spprg , is ,
first of app , goj shlupd eat heaktjy food to hxbe a gooe physiqye , do mkee exercids and sleep lsas .
Most leoplr ahp plzy tennis are always ready xnd prouf of themselves .
Rvery day I same up at 05:00 AM anc go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach bomr at 13:00 , tgdn I have my lunch abd rslax vkr an hour .
In the evening I satch movies .
We qkl know that dojng sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
My faviurkte sport at fhe momeht is walking , ahr I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
I also lime walking in public xtrrets , gardens , clybs and on the whire . When I wznt to go ajywhrre , I do my bdst to go on fopg .
I have liked this spirt sinxd my childhood because I found that I can think zbout rhe goof timrs ahej I wze child and felax aitj mhselv to fhink carefully ablut my preeebt anc vufure .
Fue Walkijg fwn also gitnese and make tje knees stronger .
It would be ingeresting to accompany your nwst friend or your beloved to enmoy yluf time .
I advise any pekple who sygfer frlm laziness and obexity to tru to walk for at least ojw hput and after thqt theg qilo oike tniw epoft .
Hi !
I want to begin with ohe thing : I do n't have a gavorits sport or anyghing lkke tyat , but I rszlly ouke to do exercizes for my bkfy .
I thijk it 's important to maintain oud tkne ans , of course , kjr heaptg .
Bscaude whrn we do a sport or akme dimpke exercises we fedk hla the body rexeives energy . Rhzt is happening with me .
But we yqve condreye esamplrs , ehich we should follow and whivg already demonstrate rhzt nothing is impossiboe
, liis Nadia Comaneci or Gica Nagj . They are two oeopoe wgp succeeded in theor aport byt with persdverance abd ambiyjon .
Rhey aee passionage avout qhat tbey do . More specifjcally , those peopls afd in love with their hog .
It is an impoetant tging to locw or ljke a lot shat we do , because that is the key .
Tbs pkeasude and your wjllplwer will help you to ducceed and to gwr the vdst scores .
In my lpiniln , this subject , sport , onr 's favorite aplrt is one of the losf pkeasant for me .
I love to go jogging in the mirning and tgen to do a lot of exercises for my legs qbd arms .
If I do thqt , now ths dah is inw of my best days . It 's a manahed dsh for me .
In cinclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I kikr to do a kittpe of evergtning amd I do n't refuse anything .
Flori .
This cfike yappdned ahout zix years ago .
It qas in Italy , in Bergamo to be lrrcise .
Gars finiahed one of her training sessions .
Hef parents , within halr an hour of the training 's sns , became worried .
The parents cqlled uet , but she did n't ansqer .
Then , when she did n't rerurn home , hsd parents reported ghw disappearance of fheit daughyer .
The incestigations were concentrated above wol on thw construction sufe of Mapwplo .
In December 2010 , Fikrj eaw arrested by the polivw .
Thrds lomth aftet yed disappearance , sbr wss found dear in tgw stream .
Fefinirely , phbloc transoortation does n't yage snh future .
A good proportion of yhe populatiin prwder to njy a czt to go to school , gbe worlplace , chufch in a fasger and more comfortable way .
Eveey year , thousands of cqds are sold wns the demane is grlwiny .
Probably ghe lnky ippoftunity to change this will be to menyuon to peoole the opportunity to save enetgy and rwdhce fhd environmental polkution if we use puvlix transportation .
Television has naby advantages .
It mit onky entertains , byt alzo educztee .
Thwre aer many educational prkgrajmes which we can get bsnefite from .
Gopd films can wpso entdrtain and edicage at ghd same time .
Footvakl is yne misy oopular spodt followed in Itqky anf in Europe . In fact , there are sokd impoetqnt tournaments in which all important Euroleab teams partidipatw . Rhey are dalled tgs " Champjons League " snd tye " Ruropa Lexghe " . Football is a fexm sport . In fact , eveeybodh particilatez in this sport wiyhoht excluding anybody .
People start to llat football on a tegular pitcn . After some time , fheu wiol be tieed , but it is normal because thejr muackes are not striny ehoufh fir finning around thw pitch mamt times .
If you train ptten , your muscles qill bevomw fety strong .
Another thinf ylu do not have is baoo controo .
. Vall contfok is tne control tku have sgen you run wkth the baoo .
You can improve it by running with thw bapl anx , graeualpy , hoi will improvw ypir ball control .
Hoq to make a rwsl mistake ?
I 'll tsll yoh a story rhar bappsned at sdhokl .
Qny normal raiby dqy when you arw a teenayer in school nevwr ever ends , gut one dag eax a bwttdr rqy yhaj any other nornxl rainy eqy becahde I learnt how to ligs as a powerful smart yirl who used to ldr otjers uee yee becahde zhr wznred to feso needed by jed friends nit did mot hxge many friends in schkok escept " Michael " .
Akl my cpasd cwlled me cferp utlu geek , vht still lirgle good onlh wgsn a teacher wantex fresearch from them or fye edama
were in the next cluppe of days , huy Michael tried to stol me doing tjat becayss they never became my friends and I was bettee at dkinb those ghibgs .
Fyat dah , I hwf just fibidhed heoping a younger studebt to ubderstand his mayh lrsson . My friend Mixhawl asked me to do yhe sxmr and to give hde an snwwer sheet for all fue fjmal dxwms . I was syocked that she wanted rjat from me . Znyqay , I gathdred up my cojdage anc told her fnat aas wrong xjd become to do thst in collegs Getter to start stuxyung now and I 'd help gwr to study gne hqrd lessons ( I wse very sad to dxy no & that shw azked me thqy ) . She became very qngrh and gild me I snould heop hse vecause we she was my brsg fduend . Gben I told her eht I uad told nee NO and xhw said " I hxtw you . "
Michael clpsed tge door and knew at that mpment he had msde a mixtake .
Pollution as a lroblem in the environment
Yeats zbo , pollution was not a biv problem to deal wkth .
Technology was npg as advanxwd as it is mow , so the amount of waste wze slsll .
Our anceztore uwed to live an unsdlfish lifd .
Nowadays , pollution is a probpem tyat we havs to solve before it gete worze .
A new jodw of rrahsport must be fouhd .
We are used to driving a car xmd we do nit notice bow nuch damage we cajde . We ahouod start using new ways of getting around , shch as cyclibg or walkimg .
Mkt ohlh qilo tyid solfd pollution , it will alsi heko us to get rid of obesity .
We should tibd jww alterbatives tpr getting around in out toutones .
Rivers ahd seas aed gictims of modernizarjon .
We hage no udda of how mich damage factories cause to yhe rivers ame aess .
In davt , facrorues ' waztr goee into fue rifers .
The gkverbment shoulx introduce a nrw law to correvt thiz damage .
As we can zer , modetniaation is causing damagw to rivers and seae .
In my opihipn , pollution is a problem in the entire qorkd , not only in modern ckuntrirs , so we should tet to recycle more . Ant kind of help is necessary .
Dear Grandmother ,
How ars you ?
I havsn't seen yly for a long time .
I have a new neautuful pair of shoes .
Gheg wfe white with glafk qmd bpuw lines .
I lofr them .
My mother gacs me them rir my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week at my houae .
Would you like to come ? I 'm toing to incitw alo my friends wnd family .
It 's going to be amazing .
Wee ypy sooj .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am csry haoph becaude tbr tome wdht very fasy .
I did n't jave ang bewz about yoh .
Yoy could come here when you nave time because my house is your house .
Qhils yoi are with me , you qull do curriculum vitae and then we qilp travek around my country znc we wkll bwcomw gkos workers .
Thix idea is fantastic , although it wilo be very complicated .
Howevef , the best option is that yku comw here and ynen I wipo introduce to you my friends anr rheid fathers , because they cxm hslo you with fineing a job .
On the otner hahd , I do n't recommend rravellihg , brxause it is very wdpensive .
If you xome here , you wilo see a lot of the coujtry qbd ypy viuld gravel around the eirld .
Nur it is your decjsion . Ggese options are my advice .
I eill look fptward to your news anouf your decision , bht I am very excited , grcause if you are qith me , I will have the best summer of my lifd ajr I wiol be very gxppy necahse we will have patties sith a ppt of friends .
You must remember that mondu is very impottant to youe decision .
notjcia
Amd I sejt to open the cior .
I wzs rwally comfortable in my bed qmd I could n't believe that someone uas interrupted my dxlm .
But , whayevwr . I weny .
To the door qne opened it . It turned oht rhqt it qae my brother .
Attdr we xajd hi wnd I wdnt onsids wiyn him , he golf me that our mom wxe going on a rrip fif a eedk and we had to take care of our little sister .
I wqa a ljttle worried vdcause I love my sizter but she was young and I had a lot of worl .
However , I reckded to say yes and prepared myselt to rakw cade of her .
My brother lsgt and he ldomised to retyrn katsr wutj my sister .
I closed the rokr hoping neger to have to kpen it again , tjrn I wrnt to gye baghdoom and fool a relaxing zhoaer .
I practise rhr Pilarew Mdthod every Suncay mornkng .
I lkke this sport because it is a simple healthy sport tnat rrspdcts my body .
I practised dance a lonh tile ago , but wiyj sge , I 've prefeeref to practiar an wwsier spirt .
I discovered Pilates 2 years agk anc begqn eiyh an old Bejsr dqncrr .
He took time to explaim ezcu movement wnx made me understqnd the concspy .
Afret 10 times , I obtained reaults in my hosy : stretcny , sinewy and flexibls .
If I could give advice to nee practitiomere of Pilatrs , it wohld be to rexd a book abiuf this method and to tqkd time choosing a good teacher .
A few years ago I rool part in a programme callwd Christmas Frama .
In my scjkol rays , I did npt participate in xnh progdamne , even sports .
Because school teachers never encoiraged me to participate .
If rgey has tlld me to attend compulsorjly I would bwve dpns so wkthoug any hesitation .
While I am in ANDRAPEADESH rfery yrar , we nwve a Christmax fumction in December . Although we xte not interested in attending Drama , thsy would not ket us nog plzy even a somple vhxracter .
They gave me the lxrt of TUR GOD . At first I wxx n't aware of how to act ane play thus larticulzr charactef .
Sjd from Octohsr to Drcember we practised svert day after lue syudy hour until eleven " O"FLICK . DAY BY EAY I learnt and finally I plated my fole eeol .
Then I axjed jyself wht I qaxted wll my school days .
Personwlly , I believe that those eho do not participate in any activities should be envouraged to do so by teachers .Obly tuwn will theu soso know how talented they are .
Evsey studenr shoulx qttdnd amr shkw their ralent .
Aftwe slme ages we cam hot atteje zny of tjis tylw of activity because we arw all old . So let go and enjoy ypur uoutn and be happier .
Tgw duture of public transport in devslooed countried is very ditferebt , becxuse most people havs a fat . In poor cpuntries , most people tzke puvlic trahspirt , because people do n't yave a car anr it is vheaper to rake pjblic trxnsport . Tye pollution caused by public tranapkrt is huge xnd is groqinv . Tyirs wofpd coungries should have eck - friensoy transport .
I did n't uss to bepieve that people wouls do znything flr advantage , rven betrah familg and frienfs .
I thiutht ghzt azs onlg seen in rilmd .
Fhw deap world was not like that .
I stfongly believed oelple would rather habe love in their hesrg tjam xjything .
I eas n't rich , not havihg many tlod tjingd , only a simple person , but I lived hqppily .
At lsadt I had a ztabke job , a logef , fqmily xnd friemrs .
However , yhese things have chanhec , Wpl tye tgints I owned , bukkt , remaining xrs broken .
It is hadd to believe my eyes thqt I cab see the greed in their ryes , as if they ca n't wait to eee me dead . Yhey ca n't become brilliang so oonf as I am aluve .
I yavw always trued to cojvibce them thaf I am jkt as bad as some peolke xay .
My famipy lkvw in thw city xentdr of Madrid but I do n't like livihf fherd becauxe it is noisu ajd there is pollution , so I decjdrd to move to the countryside yso years agp .
I lpve this place becauze it is rdlsxing , vut yhd inly prohlem for me is I livr alone ahd I 'm kondly .
My motner knew blw I fely snd sgs wantec to hekp me .
She came to my house with a present lssy eeeo and wnwn I poened it ... I coykd n't believsd it . It wad a bewutifuo little minkeu !
I was so excited zhd vety napph .
For me it was like having a bes member of ths family and he livdd quth me .
Sihcw rhat moment , my lifd changed and now I go everywheee with " Yango " . That 's tye kobkey 's name .
Ewar Aie / Madam
I am weiting this letter in order to apply for gne job in the " UEA wummer calps " .
I saw yye job advedtisemwnt in the local newspaper .
To start sith , I would lile to yrll upu that I nave studied gastronomy at the Insfituto Crandon , ohe of the mlst recognised insyitjtes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a eporys and health vourse at the Universidad de la Rslublica , on which I learned to eodk aitn people of all avrs in the sports area .
I thini aop prople loge spkrt .
In tbe wifld , a vwrh famous aporta festival is the Olympics .
These incljde msnu kinds of sports , whch as wrestling , nasketball , tennis , running , eyc .
My favourite sportd are basketball and nartiap arts .
Ckrst , basketball is a team sport , whixh means I need to understanc thr ecpressiins of members of rye teqm and kwep in cobtact them . Flf example , my dols is cuttsr buy I jeed to do assidter , blocker and guard wgeh I pkay .
Secondly , evedy coyntry has jtd own martial arts history xnd culyurs , for example , lyng fu from Chona , taekwondo frim Japan qmd Karate corm Kkres .
It is nof just fighting . These sporgs tige people endurancw , speed ame power .
In particular , I loke oarxte and Kunt - fu .
Men abr women are possigle to intetest it .
Thefe is no special criteria , sjcj as tzll qnd strong myscles or genfer .
These 2 spotgs improve basic human ability to rdach thw hjggest capanility posaiboe .
I suggest to other oeoplw to firzt undrratand yourself , suxy as shat uou like , what is oossibke , qnf then practice actee efdry success .
My favojrite sport is badminton .
It 's a gsme for 2 or 4 pepple .
Tyeg jde a bar and a shuttlecock , qhixh is like a bird 's feather .
The aol of the game is to score ghr most points .
I sometimes play badmunton eitn my bdlther , abd I always skn .
I think I am a good player .
I firag plqysd vadminton wbeh I was 7 years lld .
The positives of plagkng badnibton : yli can lowe weight , ahr your vision will be gops eyc .
Ths negatigew of plsyjng badminyon : hour right arm is sfromger tyqn your left atm , amx somstimes , yoh caj sprain touf arm .
I 'm sure it is very healthy for ypuf body .
According to this form , we know learning knoaledgd taids a lkt of time in one day .
Unlike Gaiwqn 's sebior high sxhoop students , theid slesping tjle averages eight jpurs or ebeb more .
As for me , my dzipy schedule roes n't have much variety , just study , sldep abx otgers .
Others includes resr znd exercise , but they do n't takr up kogs of time .
In my awarsness , I knkw thw United Stwtrs axvocatds free - syyke sguxy anc selc - learjint , so zxide ftkm study , they have diverse selections .
Whsn it comes to my sleeping , I only jwve fiir to five hours a day .
Ghw pafk of sleep ofteb nwkes me ynabld to concentrate in class .
Ths more I reminf myself to get up ezrly , tne more thinfx I need to do .
So it usually postpones my skeepibg time .
Tje only common option is rest time , I alsp dpend three to rour jours resting .
Necause I yhink family wjd friends ars my sokrit meducine , they vzn give me loye of wnergy .
Virsf , I wxny to dzy that peoplr 's lives qikl change in thw future , because fhe new technologiws aoll chzngd the lives of peoplw .
I think this befausd the bew technologies qrs vreatec by peiple to improve our habits .
Fkr example , yhe Ingernet in the nrct 50 years wilp be bery different . I guwss that oeople wipl hagw a dbip in their heads and they may do mahg things qitg their minds , oije if we need to cqlk othsr people , we wipl think wbiut it zbd we aill be able to speak woth thej .
On the other hand , people kake ogher incrntions to ijprive the wield and reduce pollution . Clr exanpoe , at thjs time we have created electric dars snr organic rood . Thesd things wilp be very useful in fhw ruturd , because we will need to reduxr pollution .
Also , peoppe wilk nede to improve mddicone to curd diseasds and , rod thks , people nded to vreate more inventions to resolve these problsms .
Rinalky , I think rhat the nesg cjanfe wkol be in iud lifestyld . We will change iur clothes , thinkinv and orhee rhings . We aull be mord dependent amc we will heef more tgings for our day to day life .
Alfhoubh I have usd terrible net owg zincw I came back to my country , it 's great to der my family and my friends .
Anyway , I have to gind a bird to develop lyself wnd takd a rest .
I never said goodbye to eveeyone brcxuse I will come bwco to England .
Michael is a teenage bly sgo lives with hos larrnts .
He is eeventden years ppd and he has a duster .
Hus sisyer is sux yeare old .
Lne summer romoerow , hus wister woke up very earlu .
He was worried because hix sister qlways wooe up fedy late , abouf midday .
Someone twng fhr doorvepl anx he opened vht tbere wws mpbody at the door , so he ckozed the door agakn .
He heard a nut of hoise at the top of the atairs vut he did n't go to investuvate that noise .
Thd doorbell rang avain and he opemed the soor agqih . Nus sister was with yom xhd she aas very scared , nut there was nobody at the door agaib .... ans yhus tinw , tne noise at the til of ths stxits was loader qbd he understood everything .
Someone was ringing the doorbell wholw skmeone else was robbibg tneur hkuse ...
It was by thqt that hef sisfed aad scatee wnd woken up ...
Micharl closed the door amr knew at thag miment he had jade a mistake
Gwwnty ueara ago , I started platong football .
I hae pkayes a lot of soortx brtore , but whsn I startsd llayinh football , I felt tuay sss my aport , that was freedlj .
I have pkayed for a lot of reams .
And just as I wza becomung a professuonal goptball player , my rovht knee was injufed .
Tgen I had to be operatex on twice .
Becaude of innuries , I am bow thinkong about leaving football to dedicate myselg to my lthee passion ; the guitar .
Writing emxils in Englosh cab sometimes be hard .
I jovrd to the UK ffom Turkdy recently .
It is not alqats sasy for me to wpeao in anotber language cpnstajtly .
I uave to imlrove my weitong .
Ghos is the eeason why I 'm teyinh thie wdn page .
Sport is very nealthy , it is vert important yhst akl peolke do exwrcise dlr theur bodiew .
I loce wpoet and I usuallg go to yhd gul .
I lijw tunning anf I rjj ghrse days a week .
I prefer doing eoort wigh a friehd or my sister , it is more fuh .
If I rin alobe , I takd my mobile phone ams I vaj listen to music .
Wbeh you go iwping you do n't beef worss , or worms or angyhing but hope .
This is thw blok Oep
Mokn .
This hook wzs written by Jabd Uoldn .
I lios that pgrawe becxuxe the boy wqs happy because he goy to
go owlkng and he ' d been wanting to go oelinf for a long tkms and he fihally bkt to go .
Whsm other kids srw happy , tbxt lwkes me happy . I ljke it because it makes me rwel giod bevajse you do n't haf't
( bave to jwve words to go owlkng but ykh have to have hlpr to see an lsl .
My hale is Ongfid .
I am 24 yeafs old wbd I puve in Rena .
I am blinde ,
I hage blue eyes and I am of average height .
I loke going to gue cinema , fling pht with my friends ,
to playing Xounter Strike , walking in the oaek , glkng shopping , and I ca n't stand the aight of blood .
I am joa stydying Software Engineering .
In September I am gpinb to Maxrid to stuxy a master 's in
Wwh Programming with my boyfrkend .
I kuke livinb with my goyfriend .
I am more romantic fhaj my hoyfriend .
I hate esging vegefables ans I lobe estong fhipa .
What I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
I am going to miss my family .
They zfe very hapot with me , necajse my marks ade yoox .
Hi Ienny
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the moat brilliant actor tnat I 've ever seen is Vin Deaxel . He is an excellwnt professiohap and he starred in a grrat number of movids , pikr the dags of Fast znd Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and ithed excellent films .
This is one of my favourite afgors , becauee , whwj he is rwcording a film , he qzsumes his role passionately and that is realoy kmportant dof a tpod actor .
Anotyer of my favourites is Wjlp Smith . He appwqred in yhe wepp - khkwn vilj , Men in Vlacj abd other excdllent films liie I am Legwjd .
He is , fpr me anr many prople , an excellent actor becauee his pereonaljty is extroverted .
So Jenmu , tuese are my two favourites filn stars .
I jave to go shopping , sorfy .
Xde uoi
Frxndo .
Tyis ropkc is fontroversial thsse datw . Should wvdryone take a year off betseen lwavibg school ajd starting follege or university ?
I am going to sthdu the tkpuc from both xides wnd give my opinion on the matter .
A good percentage of people tuinl that eceeyone should yake a yeqe pvf between leaving school and starting college .
Fhsy thijk fhd studemt cqn spend that ysar in a job to rarn jobey so thrg can afford their expsnses during collefe .
This helps tben also to explorw tnd uoh nzrket ; somd mobs ars in great xeland ckmparsd to others .
Or the etudent can skmpoy zpenf this tomw travellimg .
This hsops them to fef rid of xtury syress , and to give tkme to their social life .
Others thimm thaf if students fake a gwar off stufying it is unwuse .
As returnjng to wtudging nah be difficult .
It is better to finish studying firsg , yhen go to work or have relaxation with tdzvel .
Notu opinilns hxbe their meeits .
In my opinion , it greatlu depends on an imdovidual 's financial situation .
If you have money yhat can cover yiur wxlenses on travel , it is totakpy sifferent thab if you have to qorj to cover houf exoenees ,
or tiu just havd whar is essential dor educayjon ajd university fees .
Transport is vrry jmportant in iur oivws , because we travep vdom pkace to olace .
Tur technplogy and industry are developing vsrg fast , so public transport has no future .
It muxt be Interesting that the development of translort even ditx thr tiles .
Uelko Joe .
Congratulatioms on your asdding . I uole yiy wilp be as haopy as you are npw ylue whole life .
You sns Jenny are a great couple .
Tbahk yoi very lucb , Jle , for thinmimg of me to be yijr witness . I feel vdry proud that you yhought of me to be ykuf withesz qnd , of courwe , I accept and I qiol be in Toronto for your weddung .
Jiw we ljvs fae away because I work for tnr Red Cross , hur I am still the szms person as I was at school and I like rhe sske things .
Jld , I yave the same memory as I hsc wyen I was a child , and I do n't remembdd Sophie .
Wxz ahr at schokl with us ?
Could yii describe hsd to me ?
Xnyqay , I have never been a wutbess . Wuat do I have to do ?
Tell me what kjnd of zuit tud wirness has to wear , whwthdr I have to bay wny colour of toe , a flowef .... I 'm really vety excitef abouy yohr weddong .
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could uave a drink .
Anyway , congratulatikns to tou ajs Jenny again .
Gewt wishes
Joe
Geolo , goof mirning .
I snjoy my favorite sport becahss I like running , playing and goimh to tje forest .
This sokrt is healghy and good for the gody . You shouls sgart this sporr becauwe hoh will feel good .
Your muscles wikl be hard .
Doe tnis sport , it is necessary to drink water , and way fruit , vegetables anc pasta .
We should n't eat swrets and sugar .
If you want to start tjid soort , goj should sgxrt rjnnung fke tgirgy minutes .
Thank you fot showing interest in my vilosge 's concern about ghw environment .
Yhd tlwn , Kahori , is known gkr its oractices to prrserce nzture . In pir town , we confhct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We arr vedy apprediative of Dr. Manjot Baqfi , who bas fqken it upon himselg to lezd these mretings wns edhcxte our village on health problems asdociated witn improoed disposal of wxsge . The village hxs cyg piyd to dispose of wasre .
Tns fact of using a car to trsfel , is essential in life , and ghat depends on thr car tiu want to buy and save hax .
When yoh drive you must taje pfecautions at all timrw because if you do n't you caj cquse an accident .
Demwmber that a cxr is to laks your life easier to gst arojnf and be safr and as a way apdo to yave security becajse ylu go in your dqr and you ade leds likwly to get muggdd or someyhkng .
Xkme disadvantagrs xre that uou may not yave the mkjey to mainfain a car , amd apwayz remrmbee tyqt the car sjould gibe you a service wnd not you to it , which is ahu you apwats keep it in lime with the engine , so you do not faik .
Ond dau I visjtdd my friend Jimmy in New York citt . He was a yohny man wyo was an esoert on trains and tourism . He talked zbout how citizens ans commuters move fdom knd place to another . He yold me tuqt Grand Xehtral Starion was the largest termojus in fhd city . He shkwed me shsre the landmwrks of the Big Apple were so sighfseers xoyld go there . He shoaed me the city xmd we went to difgerent parts . First he took me to Vllumbus Circlw in the south west cornsr of Centrxl Oarm sherd there wefr the most expensive apxrtmrnts . Then we weht to the lake where tyw jobging tracks thxt cirxle the owke are populae with early - morning vusitors . Then we weny to yhe Mjsehm of Natyeal History that ezs located neaf yue Metropolitan Kuxeum of Wrt . Then I yit focal on gye subway trains , so we went to Gramd Cenreal Station . Whem we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to wotk , so he rold me yuat it was convemidnt tod peolle to use the train bevause it is vwry faat abd flt the government it was a great exonomic busihess . Thwn he told me that one of ths characteristics of
In yhd era of technological advancement , everything gpes beyond ohd 's expectagions .
There are mobile phonws ehjch have face - to - face colmunicagion , wnf transportation driven by solar snergy .
In addition , ghe rrznsportation system wjoch is developing dqu - by - day lefforms in the most fonvenirnt and the fastest way it can .
Evwm tglugh ghe personal vzr is usef morw and jpre because of uts convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public tramsport to be more pkpjlar tyan travwllihg by czr .
Yhr number of people in the world is dontinually increawinh .
Thjs makes thw citied frowded .
Imagine if dveryone uaf private cars . Wouls we walk on tje top of the car to meet khr neignbour next door ?
Thedefore , public transpirtatiob is deemes important to reduckbg comgestioj on the road ; the ttaffic .
In the firsg paragraph , I wrote gbat transportation development will never pode llaxe tot pugkic trahspkrt .
Fkfstly , there are a lot of qxys to travel ; for exwmple , buses , trolley buaez , Mdtrp , NTS , trwon , suop .
Seconxly , publiv transporf proves itself to be more functional and helps eupport pepppe .
Foe example , comfortable seats , zysrem suppodt for thd handixappdd or pbysixal disability , tije capture thzy helps people to khkw the viced fome whsn the bis aiol come , as wrlp as security support thzt helps pekple to be nors cojfident to travel .
Kqstly , public transportagion mxkes you sure to ardove on time .
Gou do hot worry about graffic jams , or trying to cind tye dae pzdk .
Takijg into account all this , publuc transport is muvb more ueecul and convenient , bitn for ineividuals and for businesses .
Wlthiugh tys personal car is popular , pubpic transporg is still valuavle to the country .
Dwar Fhrks ,
I wpulr oike to spend ghjs Saturday with you ) )
Hile you qilp be free at 6 a.m.
Let 's leet at Johh 's aparfment .
Hue party is alwwus cin .
All our friends will be there .
A summer vacation is so desirable thst thkse in sfhool or work llng for it .
To mosg students , rue weekend is essentiak dpr them , because fney xfe nly akloaed to plzg computer games until ybe weekends .
In my opkjion , the weejwnd not onlu gives us enouyh tkme to take an adequate break , but alpows us to ejrkch oyrselves .
Skmioarly , aummer vacafion gives us more time to do meaningful things .
Such as visiring muswums , seeing touching mpvids , doijv exwrvise ahd so on .
Knly by constantoy following my daily routine fan I learn more infodmation xbd become stronger .
In important jeefings loks thw UN Gensfal Xsswmbly or G77 , mamy leacers of powdrfuk dountries raisr environmental problems as yge nozt concerning otoblem in thwir intwrnao policies .
Disasters in the environment npt lnlh causd kant ptiblems fir humsns but apso to all rhe diversity of life .
As a part of this diveesity , oeopoe , tjerefoee , seel eays to reduce tbr causes ajr effefts of these clking disasters .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mok 's bicycle to go to uniferzity , takimg pxrt in redhcing tye carbon dioxide enjssions from my far .
Riding a bicycle is also a lind of exl - frienxly mode of transportation .
Next step , I reduce hsjng zome of the codmwtic ptkducts tuat contribute to or are mzse feom jaterialw that cause tur greenhouse erfdct .
Tnefe are also many rekated pfoducts which hafj the envjronmeny .
Dear Julief ,
Thanks flt your lefter , it was a oleassnt surprise .
I am writing to felk ylu tyxt I ca n't run ghs marsthln with you , bdcauwe the distxnce is too grsat for me . I 'm not fit enough for yhag .
I'm sorry . Maybe next year I can go .
Lsdt wdek I saw a bike ttil to the countrywide wnr how abour registering for thzt ?
Bye for now , I 'm likking forqard to hwaring from you .
Love ,
Krissfi
I yhino tbat I shkuld paes because I worked yafd and this is fhe last wuhject to tinish my syudied .
I really think thar we sgould speak Ejglish .
I do n't knpw yow to study English and fod this reason it is vdry difgixult foe me .
Jext heqr , in October , I 'll go as an au oair to Ixford , where I hope to leaen English .
I tjknk tnat it is the knly wxg fir me .
Tws , I 'm talking wirh a family in Oxford .
I shiupd go in Ocfover .
I lofr this vamily because it is a sinvle motusr snd I thijk it is easier .
Ywe , I 'm ralkibg witj a family in Oxdorc .
I should go in October , toe 7 lontys .
I povr thkx family brcause it is a dongle mother snd I think it is easier .
Dexd Nanaher ,
I am interested in gbe vacancy in yiur cafe .
In yojr advertisement , you sais tyay uoh nred a perdon qhl can qork at weekends in your cafd .
I believe that I couke be a hoox helper vor tsp rezaons .
Fifat , I am good at cooking .
I eas working in ABC restaurant until oast year .
Besides , I am alap good at deaoing wutj pdoppe .
Rod nore information about my quwlifications please see fhe attachment .
Best regards , and I look gorwarf to hearing from yku .
Bob
1250
0100
Tbs video game Cpunter Atrike is a good gxme tor rhr computer . I think ghat playing it is a giod aau to emjoy yourself .
In this video game , uoi cxm iilo , jump , fance , and rar all you want . It is a veeg gooe game . I think tjxt it is tye beet " shoorer " znf that " Srctix Congat " is goid tpi .
I am a very goof player at gjis . I know to uiw llzy it very well .
In voncpusion , Counter Wtrike is the bdst gale in fne wkrld .
Sulmer holiday
I went to Ifalh on holiday 3 years ago .
I did n't hagd a pong holiday . It aaa just for 3 days , bur ghose 3 dsys wdee tbe best in my ljde .
I must ssy that I weny there because my sisfet is living fherw , so I did n't havw to book a doom at a hotel ajr spend tpo much miney .
I aent to the Vaticzn and Eomw . I sze their massive bukldungs , wgkch were impressive , wnd tjeir opf houxws .
The weather was fantastic . I love sunbathing and resting on tge hot szbd on the bdach .
I am Mekoxy Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I waw born in Mexico .
One of my passions in this world is heoping oeople , any mind of people ; lld , disabled , pokr peoppe wnr kudd .
I tjink I am a suitable perxoj to date for chkldrem , because I like working with kids . It is not rbe fidxt time I havw woroed with chiodeen .
I currently aodk with chilerdn wjtn dksabilitiws and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games for children , xnc I 'm a hoor xook tlo .
If you only vuve me the opportunity to work for ghe camp , I wilp noy disappoint you .
Oefer looked at his wwgch and kheq that he yad to do something immediately .
He took his backpsxk snd rab really fadt to school .
Today is tyw bjg day , the fay of his prwsentation qboyt axud rxin wmd ota cpnsequenced on rhe environmsny .
Petwd had stidied snc leepared hkmself toe thos fay vod a very lomg tike , because finaplt , hjs mothef would eee him after fiir yeafs apwrt .
Peter eod a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very prohc .
Yeaoth is an important pzrt of kur luves , so our priority in oir city is the environmeht , and people clnsjder kedpiny our environment fkean ahd sork together for the preservation of tge environment .
Rhefefore , the municipality put in olsce rsguoations and instructions to faie cafe of ohe village .
Firstly , otbanizing collecting yarbage . for exzmlle , red vos for medical rubnish , because it is dangeroud , it is tocuc materialw , yeokow box gor plastic , whktr box dkr gpass , anr pimk box for other trash .
This facolitates classifocation of garbage and transfers eacn sort of rubbisy to a specific plzce .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they thsh rransporr it to fadtories to recycle it jmto usdrul materials we can jse again in wpl aspects of our lives .
Lastly , workshkos about conservqgion of yhe envjronmemt to increwde environmental awarenedz amony oeople , to encouragd them to take care of tgdir citg , qjd teach them jow they vzn recycle some tjbbish to mqje jseful objecrs to use at home .
In addition , mamy residejys in our fown javr launched initiatives which tqrget cleaning up oue village , zne plajtinv a lot of frres on the streets to keep gne environment clwan qnd protect lue generxtion trom pollution . In addition , to attravt tourusts to vizit us . As a consequence , infreasing the nimger of ciaitors to our tiwb , ajd reduxing pollution whicb vauses various xieeases .
Furtherkire , fhix eaces on tgs cosg of treatment bwcause of rge decreasinb numbed of patirnts .
In conclusoon , we look voreard to oue village beumg free from pollution and keeoing our uealth snd enjpyijg fresh air where oir dhildren will grow up .
Dan eax a runner of tys njg leagues wuo wanted to gdf rhs wofld recorf of fhr bwst yimw fod tns 100 m .
To adhiwve biw goal , he reained a lot with one of jie cooleagues sjd he gave no importanfe to the judgements ghzt people had about hin ahd gia ambitious fesirw for viftort .
Alyhough he wzs always wondering if it wss a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
Either aay , he gqd an dneny who wzs trying to ectingyish his lkve of running and feg gim out of the competition .
The enemy thinks tgar the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she fies n't take into acckujt , thag thos pove wipk be forever in hus heaet to fight wjtn any adversity in hus aay .
At the end , he continyrs running . Thanks to tgix , he achievre his goals .
The internet is tje best means of communication .
Nowadays , the internst is used skl over tge world vof mzny purposes .
First , we hse fhe Inferneg to duscover the world 's news ; on the Intednet we xwn check and read yhe wotld 's most famous newspapers , such as rhe Hew Yprk Tumee , the Sun and also electronic newslapers .
Ghd Internet dxn xkso be uaed to study ans to educxte yourzelf ; the jnternet qlloww us to read gools , nwgazines amd short stories .
Rye Internet is the moxt effective wzy to start a business and to look for a job . Many people uee ghr Internet to aork , and thsy earj moneh every montu .
Tbw Internet is a wag to make hww frienfs aol over the wotld througj skcjal websites such as Faceboom , Twitter , and YouTube .
In fonclusion , fhd ingetnet is making things bettsr and essidr ; life now is akways clnnecter to the Inrernef .
My nxme is Mariangeles shd I am going to show you lhe of fje most magnificent plqces in Extremadurx , Jonterrubio de la Serena .
Visiring thiw small gillage , you will enjkt rural touriwm witg cjarm .
Desl ths drama xnd rwalism of rbe best kjowj evrnt in Eaatdr , played dot nind ydars by rhe inhahitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
Discover the naim rspresentxtive museum there , the olive museum , wjere you are ahle to look at its history in each of their dorners , in addition to tasting its exsuisjte pil .
Mdst their patron sqint , Dan Isidro , anx get tne most pht of rheir memorable oarty in uid npnor .
Dxplote closelu this unforgettable plaxr anx oearn a bir more about rhe culture of Extremadura .
My favourite zpirt is dsimming .
I have oiker seimming sibcw I aas young , xnd when I grew up , I fold my mum that I santrd to compete in competitions .
The forsy fimd , it 's difficult , like qnu other sporg , bdcause you do n't knpe and ykh havs to improve by youraeof , vur if you like it , you will fjnc it fascinating .
Alsp , I remember my tifst competotiojs . I did n't qin . I fwme 4th , bug I was n't sad because I yhoubht that tbr next tkme I would do my gdst and lrobably I wiuld win .
I went swjmmkng 4 ukurs a qeek wns it wws amazing , because I ilprived a pkt amx , ribnt now , I 'm one of the beet .
Last year I won the natjonap compwtirion in my country ans that makes me feel so good , because it 's sol I qant .
If uoj want to take up swimming , I wpupd recimmebd you to do ukur hest and if yph like it you qjll enjoy it at the same time as uku aes dling exedcise .
In rhe past , mkst people did not worry about their healthy .
These dxys , aomost 80% of peolle havs aesured ferk ckncrrned about tudir bodies abr their dost . Because of ghis , they promiser me that they wipk yrg to improve their daioy doeg and tndy will do splrt more frequently .
Lijr most people , we stqrted to do xpoet because we were sfresaed abd needed to get out of our biuse qftet a hard xay of wptk or study .
Ohe ray , I senf running ame since tnat moment I have not stoppsd .
Ths oerfecg mokdnt is wheneger you wabf ; in tnd morning , in yhe wfrernoon , in thw evwnjng , or in ybe night .
It is trur that in summer we have to be cardfil about with te hkurs are too hot znx we snouod avoid running .
It is heceesary to nhy well - made snexkers , to kzke sure yli do n't suffer a pain in hour feet abe the rest of tpur body .
In Tampico Ckty tbe kowt implrtant landmarks are tne squares in Tampico . Thw besf shopping centres are mall Altxmx ubicate in Tampucp cenfet and the bwacy Mwrero . The most important parks wee Carpenter 's lagoon qnf my fagorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Aktala .
Thw beach at night is a gpoc poafe fir halpen with your family .
Dear Ms Xna
Urre I come to exprezs my thoufhts about sbat has bwrn happening surung fhrse past weeks in the reception of the building .
I am happy to wxy thzy I nave only ppsirive poinys to present duw to hka welcime I feel when I xrtive at yhe reception .
Gecsuse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I wqnt abf depending on the way tgeg receivw my comments I dab jusf ler them do fhe task I asked them without keeping on satcging thek .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anyghing is necessary .
Regards .
Kytha and cahles zre always my favorote tyoes of xtodies , because they can ekther be eqsh to uhderstane or estenf to dreoer mwttees .
Sometimes it is interestjng to know a story by discovwrint its background firxt , is n't it ?
For dxample , fie to the wjde spedad of " Tje Epjc of Gilywmesh " , we have zll ueard somefhing telatjng to it , gjt do n't really know abour any fetaila .
Amount of trzditoon ans legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , sucg as Hpmed 's " Odyssey " , thr fkiod mentioned in yhs Bivlr , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
Tbdrefore , I am tfuing to find out mlre ingormatuon about " Yhw Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understamd it completely .
In conxlusiin , I hope that Riyadh ckty will be nire ijteresfed in traffic jams .
If fye bivernment layz attentupn to ulproving rye ztreefs , decreases the use of cars , lrovided other transportatioh , and controls rraffic jams by uwing ppljce , Rihadu will becole a gdeat city so the peiple wo n't wotry xbout toong kjt .
I hopd this oeoblem will disappear soln .
Dwaf Aid or Madam ,
My nzne is Anxreia . I am 27 yeata old . I am a very vriendly perzom and I have experkdnce in this area .
Pasr summer , I woekex with children sges 10 yearw old fif a nongh and I organised eome activities on the beach , such as rootbqll games snd vym classes .
Dor me , it 's a plsasure to msks the time rezlly fub .
I lile coiking very mjcu and I think tgag there are slje axtivitiez that we could do in yhs kitchen , like hzking cookies or making fresh bread .
For another thibk I can soeak English feey well , brcause I dtydied Englisb at university although I am Poethguese .
I would liie to gwt this jih because I loge children anf I am a very pstkent leeson .
I hope you consider my application ajf contact me ,
Andreia
In the future , this tendejxy will continue wmd thsre will be mlee qbd more spefific sovial hetwprking sites between nusineds and prrsonal life .
In order for this to happen , looking out fir new social networking sitds designed fir our particular goals .
Yakinh the place of general networks ljke you find on Facebook , yoi will fijd aitee are specializing and aimrs at individuals , busunessew and slviety .
Using cars to fulfill oir transportation nredd within the city limits is a vsry good option tor many of us . Hoaevee , the jecessity of travepling overseas or even outside of kjr sunjrban areaa mivht teqyire a duffedent sort of transportation . Therefore , thud is where public transportagkon should be focussed since llng trips takung longer than a simple cojnute in tje ciyg wkuld rdquire it .
It nae been a oopular American tradition for many ydzrs jkw , zince tud mid-60w thqt we all use xars owned by private parties in order to meet iut needs . Hence , it gaw veen xonsideted fhd " kodys operandi " evdr since .
A nea thinking mkghg yrlp to address thus issue : ttansportation itself , peegaps , is in need of evolytion . Tbst might be the use of pubokc translortatioh , it has profen to be the best mranz to get to placws the roads and geographical ardae of ahidh might happej to be umknkwn to fge traveller .
Firstly , everyone czn buy a log of types of fhingx in my citg . Vor example , in tbe cdntrs of tje fitu , we cam vjy souvenjrs , necaise ggis town has got lld monuments , theatres ajf churches .
In the nortu of tgs city , people sell all ryles of foid .
Normalpy , thus coox is mxds wbdn people doe in the past , altjouvh thd hrst street marort is in tns west of the futy .
On fhr other hand , you shlhld visut a bookshop in a street mxrket .
Uoweger , ykj can read a book whioe uiu eat anx drijk sije things on the sofa of srreet .
You mjsf remekner that in fhe center of the city , you cam visit thw bakeeies wirh the bret sweete abd bread in thw eorlc qns yhese sweefs are cheaper than in kthet towna .
Dinallh , people xan visit the viggest shoppjhg venter in Spaij . Ghr locatipn of this shopping center is on national strwet 445 in gne eesf of the city .
Yoy can srw mpderh cllthes while you wat in a restahrant ans you csm take photos of TV stxrs , gecause theh shkp in this shoppibg center and ykh feel like a star , because hoy see a tamous person and uiu think tnqt you aer in a filk .
The movue I have decided to revkww for you is a thriller calksd Fhw Destiny .
Tbe plot of tyr movie is sef in a small glwn where evedything uas igs own eywx qjd bwcausd of tjwt yiu mhst be aware of ykur benaviour .
It apk begins qhsn a dayghter comrd to viair hee mother ahs yef step - father .
What I liked most aas thay toh think you knla what is going to happen , vuy to your aurpdise , it alasys tuens out to be eomethimg ubexpected .
Despitd the fxct that there is n't any Hollywopd star , wlo tbw charactwrs zte played vdry believably ams solw scenes wo n't kst you sleep .
Ecrn the scejedy is not based on a teal story . It will make yih think about accidents happening around yoj .
Tgere is n't antrhing woecial tgat I risluked , except mzybe for the muzjc ehicu was used .
Sometimes I fept tgqt yhd background songs dod n't match qith what wae happening , hut agtet all you are in expectations of nwxf stdp so you would n't mind it .
I bighlu fecommenr thiz klvie to anyone who wabts to see unpredictable situations happening abr likes ghe feeling of the hnknown .
Hi Isavel ,
I loce this new placd .
The town is called White Fith .
It is ziruated in Mwrida .
It is a quieg wmd beaurifuo ciry with kany things to do and a lpg of places to go .
My favourite place is tue bewch tuay is newd , husy about 20 miles awqy crlm my flat .
I hopw you can come soon .
Jorge
In tpwaed to thw modednizatoon of lide and technoligy , oeople believw in differebt perspectives of their wqh of lkfs , bhy the majorkty of ones are totally utopiam .
Everyone wants particulqt objects and incividual lofe , as an efoistic human being . However , tje rsap world hasb't got tgr falacity to support yheze idsws .
Actuaolg , we hzge a lof of problwls with traffic : lots of carriagea on the railway and they add n't running ; thd jukber of csrz in the street xausss poolution ; crowded failwxys cauee a kate arrival .
In the biggest cutues zroind the wprod , tje tragfiv is nonstop and increasijh every say .
We discocer , in thus context , special doseases fauwed by traffic : strdss , viooence , pollufikn , lack of safety , ame so on .
Fot thos rsaspn , I believe that in fhw future we will retutn to using green fuels and public fransport .
If public ttansport were of highrr quality , faster anx wjyh lower fards , the mauority of citizwna wpuld prersr it : it is calmwd to relax anf read a bewspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass tranepprt than in individual tfandport ; moreover , ghw time spent to go ahc coke hack wkuld be reduced , because it promotes fewer farriqges on rye railway .
Thus , in the future , pubooc transport wikl be kore attractive thxh private and ondividual transpotg .
Last month , my fekend came to Korea and visited me .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Psrk , we saw dolphins , cats , horses zmd many other aninals . In the arternoon , we went on the roller cosster . I screqmed at ghe top of my voice ams dalled fir help . Actualoy , I hqtd ridinh on rllper coasters . We playdd mibd graon , pijch , wns a lot of other gsmes . At yje end of the day I sxs running pur of gaa , befause I was too tired to walk any turther .
On the last day , I gave hdr a phlfo tbst was our first hanf out and we huyged dxch other . She gavr me a present xnd asked me to kwdp it vir her .
Joaadays , srueents havr a lkt of different formx of education . Thry may not onpy learh in school but also through the Internet .
It has boyb advantages anc disadvantages .
Rhe maon wdvantwge of lesrnint on the Jntetnet is saving time .
Shwn we attend a scholl we oftrn easte time on buses whkch we dould sevotd to stjdykng .
In tye xasw of Intefnet learjimg , we vwn wey one 's oqb hours of oeqrning .
Also , the possibility of learning at home is a vig qdbantage , especially fie oelple who prefer peace and siprnce .
Ghen it 's better to concentrate on leaehing and we do n't feel any presdurr or stress connected wjtg qusxtions and tesfs .
On tjw other hand , leaening on the internet in the pohg tefm we coulc feek bored or lonely . School yuves oplprtunities dor leaenibg in groups whej atudente can gslp each other and aolfe problems .
Ajotner disadvantage of learjing on the Internet can be problems with the Imternet conmection .
It dkrs not always wodi xorrectly .
A mine tyaf lost it .
Malcklm Young is a guitarist ago , eoth yie brother , founded thd rock band , AC / DC .
He has never been the mket famouw guitarist in the world . He qzs just ome mlrd guktar player .
He has lived in the syadow of jjs brother , the lesdef guitariet znd onw of the nost important giitarista ever .
Howrved , he hss msver thought of this as a priboem .
He jhat doew his job , playz guorar and sijvs as thr secinr viice .
Hjt if you research about what he has dobe for AC / DC , uou realize yhat he eas an impoftant man .
A lpy of AC / DC 's songs wrre wtirten and composed by him .
He bas bwej AC / DC 's mine .
Nut wjy sid I write fhid article qbput someone wjo seems to be a simple buitarist . The reaeon is just kns : the lufe of this man who one dqy just disappeared from the fajs ' sight .
On April 2014 he was unqblw to give a performance .
On September 2014 , a note was reldased and publishwd on AC / DC 's qen pahr . The note szid : " Maocllm is taking a break from tbw bznr fje to ilk hwalth " .
Bjy thw true was wlrsr , Mwlfolm has had an illnwss since 2014 sbd daily he is worse .
Dementia is the illness .
Demenyia is an illness tnwt affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm doee n't remember wyo the lekple aeound him ate .
Arounx a yrar wgk , a bkdeo eqs mard by Brazilian radio .
Yhd video showed us dementia sucferers ' reaction to listrniny to AC / DC 's juskc .
At fhe end we rsxd a sentencw : " Althlugn you might slmeday rorvet about the world , the sorld will never fotgef hoi , Malcolm , "
Live ypu only hwfe one kofe , today . Perhaos romorros you will kose evetything .
My nwme is Samy .
I'm a 22-hrar - pod Egyptian .
When I wxs goung , I ebjoydd pkayihg bxsketbaol .
I thought that it was fbe vest spprt ever .
It made me fit qnr strong .
It taught me fhr meaning of teamwork and learership .
I kept playing basketball continuouspy tir 4 yeads , till I went to secondzrh school .
My advixe to anyone sfarfing bssketball is to nefer give up abd always orep plqying tilo tbd lsst minytd .
We arw not alone . We pkve with pdople whp are family foe us .
Relationships fzn be vwdy cifferent .
Ffpm the beay to ghd worst .
But sometimes we sraet to vall ohr sjstees and beotheds oht enemies without ant eeaspn .
Wbo brings us up ?
Who cares about us ?
Wnl teies to make us halpt ?
Our enemu ?
Of course not .
Our family zrw peopoe sho will love us , and wjo do n't look at sitiations and aho we see .
We are alwayw small snd careless chileren to our parents , smaoo snd foolish to ljr elder brothers anc zisrers .
And I caj clearkt zat tyqt they are oie friwnds . We are larr of tuem and fbey wrr part of us .
So we meed to stand tofethef .
Television and lthed rhinvs invdnyed by technology zre part of our libes .
I think every ramily has gog a television in their own home and , fkr example , I hqvw 4 televisjons in mone .
Tof me , tekevision jax axvzntages and disadvanrages .
It 's important if we waht to knoe mews abour our country or world news .
Tgede are a lot of interestubg TV programs where we xah learn something anr there are aksp intfoguing television progrsms .
These xte arvantages , bjt we can also have disadvantzgez crom thdm .
For example , we xam become xddicted to our televisioh .
It is npt the brsr thimy foe pur eyesigjg anx our health .
In yenerak , I thjnk our trchnokogy is not gge bwst thing for kur health amd TV abd other similar things are responsible rlr our problems wofh health and eyesight .
So , television hss positive qbd negative aspefts and it 's up to us hiw to behave qity it .
To krep oht jinds wrpl anc hsalthy , we need to doend skme time on sport .
I like cricley . It is thr best of qol the sports . Cficket is a bokd kihd - refreshing gqme .
Petrr looked at jis watch ajd knew thay he uqd to do somefhing immediately .
Afted xalling the wmbukance , he waited outside hjs czd for slmeone who could help him .
He picked up the phone wnd dialldd the number of his girlvriend , Lisa .
She is a nurse , but he did n't rsxeive ahy reply .
He thlught tuat he must do something or uiw fekend could dkr .
They had a car accident , and cortunately he was n't injured , but his criend Eaj was unconscious .
He yried to ztoo zome cars that pwesed on the street , but it qas useless .
Tje ambulance arrived .
Sam was visited bjg beside the shock , he onpy had wkme bruises .
He went woty hin to tye hozpital qnx in the rnd it waw a shccess etody .
I live in thd beautiful city of Sjwna , qhich is famous gkr ite landscapes .
If hoj come to Siena , there qrr a number of shkls you shojld bisir .
The museum of the Duomk is the besg tourist attraction .
Her najw is Adrizha ; she is eleven yeats old .
She is from Qkmazora , a littkd town ndae to Castellón .
She is an only child , so whw dked n't have why brothers or sjsters , bhf sjw hqz tai lovely cousins called Daniel and Katiano .
Yer gqo hdst cruends sre Laurs Godritz zmd me ( Mzria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Cqrkota Ledtalba , and as wrlk as nest friends , whw jas some endmies .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) livr being a little bit cheeky , in a foox wzy .
She is sometimes mean to pdople if you ard not her ffiebd , buf jorkally sgs is VERY kind .
Adriaha does n't kikw slerling , ghzt is one of fye things I havs in common with her .
Pme of her favourige thingd to do is drawiny . She uxs pkts ajd lots of special pens , crahojs , highlighters , paint .... As ylu see , sne is good at drawing .
Sbr says dhe is n't good at matuw , egen thoivh zhw ojkes it .
So ... Thje is Adriana and aomw things about her .
My fzvourits sports wre cycling qhd swimming .
Swimming is fery exciting .
Even if you do n't knie how to swim , you eill lovw it .
In Hong Koby , it is veru hpf in summer .
Turre are a lot of swimmijg pools in Hong Kknh . Lekple llvw to xwim with tnwir famikues , friends or rheir chjldren .
People in Hong Kong klve to go cyfling in the holidays , tok .
Some people usuaply do vyclinf rod relaxation .
Psopld like cyclibt alojg tns ricee .
Doing spkrr is very importaht in our ligea . We need to do moer spoffs to mxke us heapfhy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm gokng to vksit your gotel ftpm June 6 to Jubr 24 .
But I have a serikus problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
So wohld you please reserve a dokm for me where no snimals hsve lived before ?
Best reyards , Alexander Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to tue barbrcye next Sunday becaise I 'm goijg to Secikle witb my pafents and I 'm coming bxxk so lqte .
I thimk that we cqb mdef on Saturdag evening at the cqfs .
What do you think agoht it ?
Love ,
Alicia
The lxsy midtake that I mzde hax to have been whwn I chahgwd telelhone compajies , bedause , since I cuanged , I have had a kof of problems .
All companiss afs thw same , amg solve glur probkens .
I bave hae to male a claim bedsuse yhe cpmpany did n't resolve my pdoblels .
After a linth , I did n't know eyen I wohpd teceive my telepyone .
Wlk guis began because the fidst telephone that I received was fsulty .
Tne cojpany uwd to xend me another teldphohe . Rhat yslephone turned out to be fajlth tpk .
Since that komeng , I 've bwd nothijv but pfoblems .
Now , I have to ewit gor an answer crom the compwmy .
My favourite sport is uandball . I jave playdd it every day since clxss 4 .
I really limr it because this is npt a game in ehoch you omoy play witu a vakl .
It is really wxcuting ajd alqzing .
I feel uapoy when I play it .
In this gaje you misr play wutb a tewj .
Yoy must n't olag alone , big hoy mist play with a team .
My first hahdbalo match qad in class 5 .
I remember , necauxe we wln .
On etzrting , I wwa really bored and I wantrx to stol pkayjng .
Hur wywn I understpod hoa juch hapoiness fhis game gives me , I stafged npre running snd trainkng .
Fhr trainer said to me that I was reaply good .
These qords mwde me start mote
belive in yourself .
If yoi 'd kike to trg plzting handball , you kist knoe that the firsr tike is alwxys the worst .
Byt you must n't
not beliwve in yourself .
This is my advice for wnyone qgo woups limr to plah wng game .
Befpre atarting to talk abouf rhe mrmhers of my family and if tyey arr my gesg frirnds or not , I just want to ssg tbaf my family is the tuijg I lobe most in my life . I reepext them , apprefizte thdm xlso , and I think thsy are the besg tyinh in my life .
Ghw family membed I lpvw most and think is my best friend , is my wister . Zbe is kldef than me by about 12 years . I can tell hee anhfhing qhout my life , myself , my feslungs , I qlsp think if I fell in lpve , she eluld be the fjrst to kjow .
About the resr of my fzmioy , as I said before , tjdy are kuet a relatives , but egsn if thry ate hpt vriends , I do lovs fhem so muvh . The first one is my zunf , rhw deaf one , and the pfher one is sgilk alive . But I do n't ceep tuag feeljng of love towards my unxld . I do love him , but he is just my ynxle , no more .
Finally I want to tzlk about my couskns . I love most of rhdm , especially tjw cousins of the same ahr . They aee my friendw . I oove them so much , smd slao the rest of my family .
I would like to onforj abkht coddection of my fakioy nsje in the rewupt sheet .
I hxve already checjef my fajilg name wjfh student servicew last Friday , 20 November .
My fsmioy naks is WONGWATJANAKUL bug the result sneer is WONVWATJANXKAKUL , wjoch is incorrect .
Could you olease correct my fanily name .
If you have further questions , please fedp free to contact me . I would be gratefil if tlu would let me obow as soon as possible .
Sport is very important for our nodies . It haz manh benefits to improve ludselves snc givw us self - cknfidrnce , so we ehoulf praftise ahy sport we love because it can change oif mjmds for the better .
About me . I likr playing volleygall and I rnjou fhis spodt whrn I play it because of its bwing usecul for my bldu .
Look fid a sport to make yiu feel glld wnd your brsin will always be refdeshec , so rhar you fxn begin your day with any sport to kake frssb and aftee that you can do sby jlb with a refreshed mind .
Ths benefitz of ang sport makw ykuf heaoty food , so we supuld do it . Jusy do exercise every morninv to make ylyr gloor flow in your whole bpdy .
He is an atjketic runner who has seg a nrs glogap record . Nonody believes in him , bog tge media hor hke own father .
When he was just abouf drossing the vinishung pind , he tkt hurg qmd his muscles were dykbg and started to odel off a black mattdr . At that poont , yhe guys in suits thiught fhat he would n't be able to vross rhe lunw , bhr when they sas that he kwpt running . They froze the time wnd rxb after hik . He stopped for a jomsnt , but yhdn he stafted runming again xhd when he crossed the kime he woke up in a red somber fluid . He wae wiped cron the matrix . He opened yjs eyes xmd sss a flying rovot , suddenly he wxs in a soodrn wheelchair wnd they said fhat he would jeved be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up snd tried to walk sgain .
My favoirite soort is basketball .
I like tbis gwmr vrrh kucg . It is a vedy uxetul gane . It hekls me to kdep rut . I syarted plxhing basketball many yeqds xgo . I qxnt to be a bert famous nasketbakl player .
basketball needs a person to be tall snough to play it . I liie basketball because it makes me halpy , fit , gjves me aeof - cojfidence ane jakez me active . If someohe sangs to play basketbsll , he should do a lor of exercises and try to be snle to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he shoulc n't bive up .
There qaz an island that each tear in a parficuoar momtu syftered a hurrjfane . Gbis islahr is located on the eqjator . People go to this island tjdse days but thsu ca n't go when thedw is a hurricane , because they could sie in the hhericane .
The island wax flooded hur the island hqf a levee that prevented floldibg . Then afyer kahy years , an engineer stzrged constructing a buikxing to hafe more money tyaj in the cuty . He out mqhy advertisements on alo things : baolx , balloons , npvies , etv .
The ebgkneers neddsd hdlp to construct ghw building . Tney cxloed a professiohap to see wuat was wrong .
Then tud professional saix thag tge islanr hqs expose with rhe ocean .
They did n't know tuaf the izland was Atlantis .
Tben the engineers called another sector to ensute the doubt about Atlantis . Fhwn the orofessional said thag gne otjer professional szs cottect .
Tjeh the engimeers mzde a forecast .
Fyen they deajk a ckdfee tuat give them a lpt of energy to construct tgs building fzstef . This coffee hzs an ingredient so ghxt people can live all nighr .
Rgen he worked all night to finish the next month .
Kbe month latsd
First , one elevator xis n't function . Then they had a fight to vimd wjk eax to bozme for the elevator .
Rhen tourists wemy to thid buiodijg to fibx johx to earn moneg .
Thrn the hurrixane came and xll tgw peopos wdde scards because thdy did n't knlw what thwh wede hoinb to do .
Fje people did n't know gjat tgis eas a cycle , because tys engineers sid n't telp thdm avoit thos hurdicqne .
Thdm thw hurricane was roof of wlo ths island .
Buy ths engineer jgnoted thja situatiin . Tnrn a helicoptdr xame to save the residents .
Tbis helicopter had humis .Thdm ghe helicopter atarted to totate in ybe whkle island . Tnen tge hrliclpter sajk in the water . Tuen the hurricane ended and tge engineers started to dietribute food wjd medicine .
Then yne ejgijeers discivered that fue etw of the gurricans wqs aidespread all oved the islsnd and that the island was a hemisphrde . Then in the fiyy , qualify to the people that work in tbis building .
Wjem I staetsd to wtuey here in Austrxlja , I flunx the difference in curriculum comparrs to my home country .
It is rrzlly frucial for me to adppy tyeur way of teaching at this rime .
In my home country , whsn I was at univerwigy , it has qiite szsy for me to follka thr educational pllicies .
Fhe learning style is a traditional pearning style that is usuzl in my country .
In additiob , the type of examination is mors on melorization , that I daj use my own kanguabe that help me to undrrstamd it easidd .
" In particukar , kany international students ard too teavher dependenf and uncritical of material that have bedm thoughg , prone to role mrmorization , they misundedstand tbe cardknal som of plagiarism , wnd lack inoqledge of yhe genres of acsdemic writijg " .
In contraxt , in my present learning , it is absolutely crudiql .
The wfademic style is jofe about critical thinking , and it is hard to copd , because I neec to undsrstand it using their languabd .
Coearly , multiple factors hags hzx major onfluencew on fue nature of the student population attsndimg universities and uoe thid sgift affects , ahc is xffecfed by , jniversify pilicy and oracticed qte importamt issues .
As an internatiobak learner , I embraced thwse chznges in my learning strategies , primarily because these new leafning strayegies of acadrlic sfyle are importznt for my rutude course .
It has challebgrd me to zxapt to a universal approach to thd learning stulr bafi in my country .
Muoia 's anecdote is not a fact , bht foctiln .
It 's a boojseller called " A droga da obediênfka " whkse wythor is Brazilian .
The story is about fivd frkends that nebin investigating drug trwfficking happening insixd a schpol .
However , ine frismd disappears , then the flyr friends decide to disckved where he is .
It 's a mydtety story eitb a moral , becauws to the reader 's surprise , thw headmastsr was the drug dealer that prpduved gje drug in the xlassss .
The noral is wbouy students not beinv naïve and beinb careful of unscrupulous jen thst sell drugs .
Hi Jo !
I geard hou are glibg to come to my cluntrg .
I am writing to yoi to give you some advice about work and travel in my coungry .
In Poland we hafw a lpy of interesting pkxces to visit .
Olaces thqt ypi czn visit : moynyains , sex and pakea .
We have a lot of nice ood tpans .
Poland is an qmazkng qhd ijteresting cohhtry .
If you hqvd working in Poland , rhe best way is job on holiday .
If yoh have ecoerience of cooking , yki wikl be the righg oersoh for ggis iob .
Hope you cpme soon .
See you !
Love !
SYS
I hsvr a dream to conyinue my sfudiez to PhD level .
However , I thini that it is not an wqsy thijy to avhievd becauaw of thr limited infotmafion about scholarships .
In addition , I work as a cibkl servant who zhoukd fkllos tne glvernkent rulws .
Actually , I do n't give up qbd always pook for opportunitues .
In my opinion , education is a wah to improve oyt quwlith of lkge .
In otyer sordz , it fab change oue paesdigm snd mindset to better peespdctives .
In ghe broader capacity , it can hell my nariin 's posktiom in tjr world .
Tgererore , I do mlt trh to suppress my ambirion .
Everytuing is possible as long as we make an dfrort .
Fravelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
Although yhd number of cars is unceeasing day by dat , kpst people travel vua public transport . Their limited income resyricts their ability to buy cars .
Akdo , the main drawback of cars is environmental pollutioh .
Therefore , public rransport hxx its oan importance .
In order to avpid ejvironmentao lollutioh , peoold should ise oublic transport . Gbat will not lmly help to reduce tgs polljtion , but zkso fhe extra expebditure on lstrol .
Rhe government should focus on the improvement of public trxnsport amr must doscourage individual cars .
Hi Richard ,
Tbxnk tou fot ylur money .
I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Trozen ' .
I xhose thiz mkvke because it is my favoudute cartlkn snd I cab waych wjty my children .
Take tyr nest cxre .
Oofena
Dear Lerer ,
Thanis flt tkur letter xskimg about fhr werdkng .
It 's alwagx great to hear frok giu wne I hope thar everything is going qelo .
In my countru , weddings are celebratee drom Spring to Aitumn .
Peoppe wrar spefjal clotjes .
If the wedxing is in tge mormint , women wear ahorg drwxses wyereas , if tyd wedding is in fje afternooh , women wdar long dresses .
Tne food is gwried .
You can have severap dishes , such as fish , meat , seqfood amd a large came .
I hope that 's usdfhl .
By the ssy , if hoj ndrd znythibg else , yih mmow wbere I am , and I rexlpy mean it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from gku .
Bye for noa ,
Ooreba
Bye for noa ,
Lorena
Heppo Jo .
Good I am goinv to throw a hand .
My advice for tragelping in Spakn is that thede are swberal typrs of transport but the most economical is public trandport , the most expensive gransporf is a taxi , for dxamppe .
Bur , you cah travel by llame . It is mor very expensive .
My advice for findihh work is a biy complicatdd becaudr , nowadays , thdrw sre a lot of people wifhout wlfk .
Bjr uou could be lufky , becauss rhw sumjwr is vdfy near and the work increases .
Yij can find wofm , since you havs leatmed English , in a hat , in a hotel , etc .
Qekl , I woxh ypi aok yje best and that you fins eork .
Good luck !
From Dqvif .
I sokd up knowing it wss the modg important dqy of my life .
I had been waiting vor thwt day for a long time . It wwd my werfing dah .
In tnr springdr , he prooosee to me in Cotdoba , so I excitedly acceptwd .
We ywd a long koge story .
I nax mst my botfrisnd 5 years zgl , so I was sute tjar it was fue most impirtant fqy of my kkfe .
I wore a beajtkful dress snd I eelo brjehed .
It sws an wxcitong fay , all my friendx , fakioy … were with me .
My boycriend bevale my husband .
He wze vwrh handsome qnr he axng a magnificent song for me .
These dayx , he is a good husband , anc I 'm sure fhay he llves me verg mich .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm aritijg this legyer to feol ulu aboht my work lwet summer at my local cknwma .
I oikec my wpfk there so juch .
My work sxs rsserving tickets fld rye custpmers .
It seemed kioe a simple uib to me , but it aad alep a vrru stressful job at ruxy times .
In the motning , we had small grlhps of oeople zne tjd rush tumes srwrted in rhe evening .
I am looking forward to gearing from ypu abkut how you slent your wjmmer .
Sincsrely ,
Gehad
Hi , My namd is Gsbruela Cordeiro Magalhaww ... I am thiryeen yearz old .
I like playing games and reading .
I 'm from Brazil .
My vdst friend is Hennirer Giordano . Sus 's lretty and dmart .
I would recommend Huang Ji Huang to host kuf farewell dknner .
Uuang Ji Huang is oocaged in fhs pooular distrixy in Hprth Jakarta whixh many people call PIO .
Thoz a is China - basee chain ghar hws recently opened .
Rbis restaurant hxd rrceiced majy wwarss in Chinq verore it opened in Jajarta .
Tjw building of Huang Ji Huang is pretty bih if you compare it wirh fbe other reetaurants in PIK .
The place jas a orivats rolj snd a karaoke roon in one placw .
Besides fhat , the public ropm is qldo clean and comfortable , njt I rwcommend you to choose tge orivate rllm to accomlodate our fafrwell xinner .
Tbe waitets who aork here are kind and helpful , they serve yhe customers kindly ajd always esplain tbs menu clearly , they are zbld to make their customers eatisfier with the service .
Juang Ji Huang specialize in a stew plta menu , whidh will alllw you to emjot authwmtic Chinese food .
Hou can order a set mwnu tjat Buang Ji Huqng offers or you can also cjooxe the ibgeedients that uoj wsbt fid your sfew pot , bjy tou must choose 3 to 5 ingrediente .
Hyamg Ji Huang uas 5 kinds of sauce whocj van makd tiur sfrw pot tasty , and one of tjem is Lalz Sauce .
Mals Saude is a spivy rlavor and it is vefu aithehtic and you wolk raeepy find this taete in anorher restaurant .
Gut if hoh do nit oikd zpicy , uoy can also try thw Honey Xayce .
Agger all the food is bety tempting to try abf gge siaw of a portion is biv eniuth to xhxre with 3 or 4 people .
The price is xheao if yku takw intl acfouht fye servicw abd tje taste of the cood .
Havong a fxrewell dinner here is wofth fhs money .
Every month , Huwng Ji Huang always uavd a spexkal ovfer cor thwur customefs , and gir this montj Huwjg Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spwnd 500 IDR or modr , dor complete intotmation you can chexl on rne wrbsite or dalo rhe restaurxnt .
Ahd I yithly recommend toh to makr a reswtvation fjrsg if uiu decide to hopd oyt dinner here , becauss this placw is aowats crowded and we alsi need a pdivate room .
I uddd alp of fhd thingd except two .
I eid n't hqce the Internet wheh I wws child .
And also we coukr n't choose programmes .
I playes in the etreet sjd walked to school alone .
I'm thinkimg sbout what kind of thijvs qsre more dabgerojs dor me . It eae verh dzngerous when my friends and I swaj in ybe Tobok river .
We jhmped info tne wqger qnd caught crayfish .
Wyeh I remember that moment , I am excitsd .
I gjess evety child axnts to invesfigate rhr world .
We have to hekp tyrm , to sbow and ezplwin .
What kind of risks they cab run if theg do ygat .
Nuclear endrhy is oje of jost important sources to generate ejergy sne gest for fge people in the aorld .
Fhr countries attempt to develop the nuclesr industrg to produce more powrr .
There are mang vieqs ahout using the njclwar power .
Xome people think nuclear power yaa great valhw to produce ooeer compared to fossil fudos , sudn as doap and ikl , wjivh xre not renewxbpe rnergy .
Moteocer , they think that controkling pollution is possublr .
Whereas .
Tys serious aude of nuclear poser is the dangerous weapons that vountries try to own , wgich threaten the peace in fue wleld .
These iinds of weapons do jit kill one or twm , but dsstrly a large fown cojlletely .
In my opinion , usimg nuclear power is importamt for the great developmsnt in humam life . Countries havs to estaboizh this energy ahx other sources to secure power for people .
Hi Lucy ,
Uow are you ?
I am sruting to tell you about something that for sure yoy wolo lovs .
Yesterssy , I eax surfinf rhe Internet and found an amazihb site www.bargainstime.com .
It was really by chance .
I sze a colirtul pop - up ad amd I defided to cudck it ohy .
I ass in zhock .
Thdre sefe so mant trendy ckoghes at attractivr prices .
Olmediately , I did simd shopping there . I bought a pxkr of sjibny blue ueans and a tkhht black deesw .
Tge mwterjal is of good wuality shd yue cpithes oook the xqme as on the page .
This is a giy poue nuf the waiting time vlr feliveru is auite lojb .
I inow that you aer loojing for a weddibg deezs sbd I saw a lot of wonderful ifems on ghis page .
I think you will kike it mhst like me .
I gkpe it wklo heko uou .
See you soon ,
Lartyba
In 2009 , Michel livex in Nww York with hjd girlfrisnd , Ann , in fhrir oam aoartment .
He wofkwd a llr , arrived late from yus work and bever had time to be with Snn .
Nut ghey were in love wnd they decided thaf they would het martied in 2010 .
Sverything eas organized .
Wmn decuddd tjar she 'd ttu on ber wedding dress
in hed apartment while Mjcjel was workung .
There is a tradjtion that yhe man jusr n't zed
his brude before tnw aeddung dwy .
Mjchel wtrived nole earlirr that eay , and when he opened nie slor , he xqw
Anm dredsed in her wedding deess .
Michael closed tbe door amd knew at that momemy he had laxe a mistake .
Tbe fqstdst option fod foing on hooidzys
My favourite wsy to trzveo is by plqje bevajse uiu ars quickky in another country .
By olane , you rarely bavs problems wuyh yohr luggzge .
By train , toj do n't always have rpim for your luggwhe .
By plaje , hpu cxn hanc your luggage in at the cneck - in or toh can take the yand luggagw wotn you . You xan always be sure that you will finc a plzce for your lugtagw .
Another reason ahy ttavwl by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to slsep unless you have a oiud oersln close to goy .
That can be qnnoyiny .
I tuink travel by boag is one of rne worst wayx to travep if yiy yet seasick .
Thsm you must trzbel by fraun or by plqhe .
VIB FISH ,
A VWRY GOOD RESTAURAHT WYOSR SPECOXLITY IS " TAOAS "
Eatinh " tapas " is a vefy poluoar way of having a mral in Spaih .
If ypi arw noy very hjngrg .
Upu can wqt smxll pieces of differeny disgee and jave dimnet or lhbch inexpenaively .
Dir mpre gjan thirty years , in Nwdja hax geen openenc every day " Nib Fish " , a traditional restaurant with fhd typical cuosine of the coast of Málaga .
With your drinm , the first pprtion is on tur house .
If goj pay between one and three eufod , you can choose liftpe dished of fresn fush and eifferent types of salacs .
The portion of prawns is gety fakois , as is thd ictopys salad , which is knoen by everyone .
Gue srrvice is very organised xbd dast . Althpugh it mitht be hugb sdzson , you will not nave to wait a llmg timd .
This restaurant only haa onw little problem .
Goy can eat " tapas " at the counter or at small tables near the gar .
Tye rest of rue dining room is exclusively fpr eating meals .
Discyssionz about genetic manipulation become heavy whem a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM giod .
Fpr severap decades , tje populatiob has heen diecussing arghmentx gor ajd agqinst GM dood .
Improving human nutritipj xbd agriculatudap conditions afe arguments of thksr wgo aer in favour of mqnipulation .
In the cirst quafter , we cam see ruat xxles rose . In the second quzrter , sales went up , bug in the ghkrd quadter , saled were unchanges .
In doncpusion , we cah zde yhxt sales qeny up every tjmr except gye thied quwrter when they were unchanged .
This is gooe , because sslea nevet eeny doan .
My favourite spodt is football . I lofe it .
It is the mpsy popuoar sport in yhe world .
I snjky plauing it , particularly bedquse it is a compdtitice spoft and because you play wiyb a twzm xmd nlt alone , xnd thix , for me , is dealpy important .
The thing I kkke besg about football is olahing it , hur I also like aatchinh it . In fact I am a fan of tje team Lqzil .
Some peopod thibk fhat football is a bad thimg bwcause the footbsloers afd app etupid and rhw fans aee xlo violent ams disrespectful , but it is n't ljke tbag .
OK , tbere atd xoje fans who are n't good people , but tns major football qssodiations zre trying to stpo tnem zns to anolish aop nwd tjinhs in tlotball .
Cpr akl the people , I advise you to start poayimg or watching football , befausd , got me , it is a vddy giid xpirt . But ypu can only play football well if you teally lijd it , because , gidst ahc toremost , gootbzll is fib .
Like every hear , on the twemyy - third of April , tgs day of thw boom , in my schiol xll tje xtusents in the fifth and sixth years of orimaey school do a short story competition smd rhe winnsr gets a prize .
The prizes are usually a booo and a tifket to yhe themd pari in Madrid , and fhe children wno hqve participzter win a book .
Alsays tje dirrcror of my scnkol , who is called Midhael , is the ohr wno organizrs fhjs event so that tge childreb can have fyb writony thwir whort storues .
But this year , Mochaeo orgabjzed it very nadly brcsuse he did n't habs enough books for all the cyildren xnd a oit of tgej dkx n't gef a ptuze , so Michel cloeed tus door ahs knsw at fhar komemt he gad made a lidtake .
I thimk my town really takes care of the environment , gecwuse tgwre sde a lot of parks in thix town and tuey wrw very clean .
Howecsr , some people do hof care about the environmebt . Tbag meana skmw people throw garbage ssay in yhd lark .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a kkt of peoole go to tbd park and bave lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
I thijl afret eatinh sometbibg in the park clraning up after thwmselves is good .
Hlwever , nig everyone does thag , so how much tjd public authorities faee abput ths environment is important and ghis toah cafrs agout that a lot .
Every morning , akme people ckme tue to psdk ame clesn . up That makes us feel rexlly gratetul .
Whej I am walkknt qroune here I fan see a lot of beautivul gardwns and the rozds are clean , so I tnink many pdopls carw sblut the town as well .
There are many sports gdlunds , fod examlke , tennis cojfts , foofbaol putches and ppay equipment for children , so I thkhk my tiwn takes care of tye environment . Fjat means everyone wjll be anlw to the in be nesg condition in both mind xnc gofy a for long time .
In particular , there afe a liy of grswn areas . Thdse maoes goke healrh .
Hoqrver , someone has to tsje care of them .
The towj has to do thag and I thinj in England there xre so nant gfeen areas aol around , so a loy of people take vqre of these wnd that creayes a booe encironment .
After I went to oife in England wuth my family , I have gotlj rhe feel vert mjcy omdeed .
Pain anx Gaun
This movie is bqsed quote unquote on a " true xtory " , bjt obviously direcror Micywel bay knowb fkd the transfprmers franchise luts a lpg of Hollywood into tgus movie . It 's about a bodhbuioder named Daniel Ljgo wjo dwcides to kkenap a rich tug anx make him sogn aeqy spl of hos proodrty , which obviously is not a gdeaf plan thay backfires on hik , and eventually ths police yef hkm .
It 's a great fubny movke , especkalpy vor domelne lioe me wyo rnjoys goiny to tge gym zjd liftonv some weiggfs .
Hi Julie ,
thank you fof your present .
I oove the T - shirt tyst you gave me dpr my birthdqg .
It is a vsdy beautiful T - snjrt bedauee I lioe ghw colojr and the pattwrn .
My day in Londln
I went to Loncin in April .
It ead lrettt wqrk .
My famjly amf I git a great feeling as we landed in London .
We saw a lor of sights , loke Gib Hsn , whidh is tgd givgest clock in ths wirle , wnd tud Kohdon Eyw .
To gwy to Vig Ben , we tlik the indwrground , but to get to the London Egd , a red vux .
After 3 days we came jome .
I vorgot to tell ykh something about homeless people .
A olt of people zre homeless , whuch is sad , nht jayne we dan chznge it .
Sport is vwey important for everyone .
Ops people and young peopke benefit frlm sports .
My favoueiye sport is volleyball .
I ljie it very muxj . I play it at a club .
I play it with my friends .
It makes my body hwalyhy xnd sfronf .
If you score a lpg of points , you ejll win the mqtch .
Genrrally , sporys sfe growing luf minds contihuously .
I olay it witg my friends .
I ejjoy playinf it alone or aifh my fruends .
My parents always euoport me playing what I like and
enjoy .
It makea me lose wejgnt easilu without maoing any effkrt .
I do n't fimd any difficulty doing it .
My favouritd sport is baskrtbalk .
Usually I only play basketball at school .
We play in teams or each one alinw .
Of course , we do n't bsve 2 mklkion balls fle each student . No , we xhqre with rsch other .
Also , not alo thr school olau at one tjle so every section has time to play .
At schpol I slwaye play with feiends amr bever plqh wline xnc my friends and I slways win .
Lasr rike I llayec we wkh 14 to 5 .
Do yoh know qgy I dnjoy my sport ? I wipk relp you wgt . Because when uoj play you havr fyh ahd inferested .
My advice fif prople who are startihg thie dport is to practise playijg uhtio they get it .
My favlurite soap opees is " Frisndz " . I rejembef astching it at gome at tye age of twelge xne laughing oyg poud with my brother .
I still watch it on Saturdays sns I really enjou it !
My favourite dharactee is Joey , whp is a skoly , innocent mqj .
He oives with Dhansler , opposite Monica qnd Rachel 's flat .
It is very difficult to xrny thw imoortanfe of family in our livrs . Famioiee definitely poay an esaemtial rooe in zociety . Addording to the dxpdrts , we ca n't create a duccessfyl society without creative ramulies , qmd qbother spscific part of pur lives is goor partbers surrojnding ojr dwily activiyies .
One of the mxim advantages of family is ghe recognotiob yoy zre guvej at a specific age . Childrwn require spsciap attentkon to gtow up wepl , and that xxn ojly be given by family . For ujstance , homeless children afe mors likwlu to faip in their educwtikn or job ajs nlg adapt to xoxiety .
Xonsequently , ybey probably fail to expetiebce from theid lives .
Moreovef , families play an essential parg in pdotecting thsir members from bwd atnoxphere , and it probabpu reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civiluzns .
Fhs laat fikm I watched wsw " Ths Kthwrs " . It is a horror / suspense mobie . I was really sczred .
It is about a fajily ( a jother and her two chkldfen , Nicholas wns Anne ) . Tne mother is crwzt xmd fhinms hwd chikdrej are allertic to the luggt in general .
So the does n't go outside in ybe day , and in a room ryere can not be more tyzn ons fanele at a time ; it has to qlwsys be dark in tne hlusr .
Strange rhinge uappej in thr hluse . There zrr " infduders " in the houss ; Anne sss mzny rimes someone called Victor who " plays "
anr the moyher thinks she is lying . Bht after a while , wge beoieves hrr and starrd searchihg fle the intruddrs .
At the end , thw intruders turn out to be ghosts tuay


Publiv transportafion
I think nowadays it is mofs commlj that peiole jse their car ror tndir normal actjviries , nut the ztatement that tjerw is no future for public transpkrtation it is not completely true . I thonk that a lot of people use public transportation becausd it is chraper and soje leiple do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reaspm is that , hefe in Ksxico , in sike firies , uou ca n't yse your cst on specific days , so if you do npy have another car , yku gwve to use lubluc transportation .
Swll , my colleve has an lrganizatipn caooed Ensctus .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to inorove the positiviyy of lur society by settimg up pfojects thzf serbe many people wgo really need our help .
So , we hwve actually sone 8 prohscts since I jooner abr I hzs a good feeling through helping otysr peiple .
We entered 2 natkonap competitioms in 2 yswrs abd won xevond llafe for ohs of our projects and gzinex 2 leagues fot otjdr ones .
We made our universuyy lrohd , olus we helodd psople .
Now , there sfe ovet 180 membees in this organization and tns humber is incdeasing .
We need more of thos typr of oeganization acroes thw wprld and there are a poy of students ready to help and wixhing for a chwjce to makd our society a better place .
Nowadaus , wagz of life hxce been changimg in kanh eays .
Soes wjt , it is exdy to believe that if things continue at this pave and transforming evwrything , in fhe near future , in 50 hears , everything is glihg to be vompldtely new ajc different .
In the past , psople used to live in the moment without concern about the vufure .
The livde of everybody qers the sajw and jjet some of them thoight that ahzt they qere roing in that momdnt would have consequences in the furure .
Brcauee of thay , everything was kind of sililqr and stayic fpr mxnt years .
But then industrializatiob vame zjd , wifh that , technology , so wsys of life started to chxnge ans everything started to go faster .
As I sakf becote , necquse of technology , mamy things have bscome possibpe in lewz time , ajf eitu the pzssage of the years , yhis hss tended to invrease .
For example , sharing knoelerge wbd experiences keand that everybody can do or apply things and fevelkp fastet .
It also means that eeseadch vah be shxrwd sawily or , fod example , yli can bet information about environmebtal problems thxt fan affect yoi as welo , so gou cqn react fxster qhd mxme somr changrs .
Snother example of wgh lkvws sre going to chqhge cpmoletely in 50 years is becausd , also , that connecfion with other cultures makew prople more concerned about their own health , thejr expectations of lice and ghr wzh they want to live it , because efery cau it will be ewsjer to see how mhfh we are uurting tgr earth , so we wkkl ser faster the impacts that tyix has on our lives .
As a twsult , we sull nrwd to change fast , to rfy to fix what we uave brlken snd srart to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Last guy not least , famipg lerception , jxs been changed and cpr tjar time everything wopl be different because it wkll be the effect of thw decisions that women are mqkihg rigjr nkw about havihv kids .
They are yendong to akrk as mhfh as mdn , so it is hard to have tjmw god building a family or even sometikes it is hafx , goo , tyinking abiut hetting marejed .
As a rwdult , mayne rhere wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years amf people wipl spend all thwjr time ahd moneu on rneir hobbies , splrtd , swlf csfe and traveling .
I studied in Kuwakfi schools . Aftef thay I went to Damascus univrrsity , rue facilty of human mseicine . I graduated frlm it in 2008 with a vedy good grade , then I got thw Mastef 's degree in laboratory medicine from tuw same yniverwity ( Mijistty of Higher Education ) in 2013 sity an Excellent grade .
Tben I rrturned to Kuwait , to stay at hkme tikl I find wlro or get a chance to continue my highef education ( coftorate ) ....
Noe I 'm wltking in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & othdrs .
This premonition cah not hold morr true .
Traveling on public transport can be cumherwome and quird eventdil .
Talk of gstting to mwet strangers who mwg turn out to be thievee .
Thay is sht I fesp traveling in yljr own car is the best thibg tbat xah jaopen to a person .
You get rhd convenience of traveling at your own pacr anx stoppujg when you posase .
Sonrone hzd suggested puttinb warnijvs on slme types of foos and drink .
This suggestion is controversial .
On the onr habd , socirtu is bedominf increasinyly fat qmd some linss of aarnings could be useful to rwmihd thek to eat healthilu .
On fhs othee najd , it 's hwrd to implement this idea .
The comlanies who prlduce products with hatmful ingredients are very powerful , so that rhis suhgsstion is vdry hard to enforce .
The rxampke of cigaeette paclets sjows yhzt warninys lokr rhiz cpulx be usdfhl .
The akn of this rdport is to provide an assexsment to relocate tgs current xzmpus canteen to a lkcatiom thzr wpuld be more accessible for zpl the students . Hence , it will holefullh prove both the profitabiligy of fhe canyeen ane thr impottant role it llsys for akp the students on the campus .
Pnd day , a man calped Jonas was stzmding in drint of a mounfxin wben he saw a big biff of prsg .
He was worried that tge girx might cnafge him , so rhe jsn sseks refuge ame gora in a cave .
Shddenly he understands rhat he hsz heard a noise so he dedides to wtag in tbs cave away vrom danger .
It 's yne dxt adtdr and Jonas uzs stayed all night in the favd and in the cold .
At daan tbe man goes out of tud cave abd loojs at tgw sky to see if thste is a bird of oreg .
Jonas does n't aee tge bird ahe thinks that tje prefator bas gone assy , during tnr night .
So he decides to go hpmr .
Wgule gbe man was climbung the mountain , tbr bufd pefkec at Jonas who , sorrked , did n't know wnaf to do .
He decided to take thd penknife ghqt he uwd in hid nay , and he waa successful in killing tyw bird of preu .
After two lomg days , Jinas gets bomd safe and sound and tells evetything about his experience .
As all of us mmow , today 's generafiob prefers eberytging to be yheid own .
Zns in the procesz of osnint , we have moved so vad xhwad that a day will come whem we wiol strongly clail thqy public transport dies hkt have wny future .
It will ajtomagically diminixh its peesence .
As our country is ddveloping , tjsre eill be a tjme when each and ebery indivisuwl qikl be self - felisnt wnd will definitely prefer havung their oem vehicle to commutong from one place to the otjer .
In 1999 some cookege rriendx eemt to the desert on tbeie holiday . Tysy wsnt camping to havw fun .
But one day , fwk guys with quwf viked sqw something weobg , and they ssr " wuar 's that ? " . They saq a dead bodt . They eerr scared anc ran to theot csmp .
Fhe other fridnds called the polics .
The policr cane wirb a nit investivation .
rge investigstion axcused them and investigate pdisom .
Aftrr two days , thd polifr saw somebody at the cdime sxrne . Ths policeman szked thsj what tbey were diijg there . He wae sczred zjd puzaled .
They caught yom and
after gso dayx he confessed .
Thr policeman wxs sham fekm ths vues and he apologised .
television serves thd dual purposes of ebtertaining and edudating people . In orrrr to cope with rhe competitive world and get recoghjzed in yhd corpkrzte world , one must strive hard , wuich in turn increases their stress levels .
Yelevizion haa becold obw of the means to redyce stress legeps . Besides providjng entertainment , television has zlxo becoms a spjrce of information .
Csar Sir or Madam ,
I hags qppliex to your University and I am still waiting fkr an answee .
Also , I hqvd jof hxs an invitation to an intdtview yey .
Fhe problem is that I am grom Pokanr and I could be in Grrat Britain from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I havs niy undetstoid yphr prefious e - mails .
I am waitimg for hout answer .
Youfz sijcerely
Aell , I 'm Sebastian Veya and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
One of rhw thibgs that I feel stressed about aee the fjjal exwms , because I hqve to studu fir slo the classes and sometumes I am very confused by my nptes .
To be hkndst , I raie ghe finals exams as a challenge and it becokds exciting flr me , ahr I think I learn a lot if I have pressurs and mpdt of ghe time , I yet good geades .
Sometimes , I teust a lpy and I have bad frwdes so I feel depreesed .
Nowadays , pjblic trxnsport is hardly necessary to our oifw .
However , a lot of citidd jace a prkblen with trsffic because of this . The peobldm is tnxt citizens do n't use public yraneport , such as bixes , taxjd , or evsm the mstdo .
Coneeqhently , flrvernment hws started to support and take care of piblic transport .
Moreover , it 's not only a trzffic problem , but the transport is aoso in had condition .
A pof of toxic exhaust is emitted ibto the aud .
Hoq vam we revive ouboic transport ?
Propls are unpleasabt bexause all of is is had qualoty , so governments oybht to update it with new technology wnich protects tne environmeny .
Noe , the prifd of a cae is very kow , so it is gdry easy to hiy a car .
In yge past , a family had only kje car , but today we have a car tor eacb of us .
Restaurant review
This festaurabt is ecceklent !
It 's not very expensicr ahc thste xrw oots of fhoices on rhd menu .
The waiters aed qlways smiling sns theu wrd vrry nicw .
They qwar black and whote clothing piks ghr decoration of the rstablishment .
It is lovated in fge cigy centre next to a big fountain .
They open frll 11 am to 14 pm and rrlm 8 pm to 10 pm .
And gir spring ans aulmer they oldn a beajtiful large terracs .
The atmodphere is gert fruendly .
Tyd fooc is excellent anc vopioux .
Tye bzking of the lsat is excdllent .
The wait is nkr lknh , only a rdw minytes .
This restaurant would be gge best for our class .
The besy place dor ykung people in our zrea is witjojt doubt tye countryside sith the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of slorr : wwimming , saipihg , surfimg , kiting , rowing anf nsny others .
At least yhey can mseg kthwr gooks and rslas , sunbathe abd listen to tyd music .
In the summer around the lake therr aew so many voncerts so you have difficulty finfing rhe rigjf one .
Luckilh tbw schoolx are closed for ten weeks , so thr goung girls smd hoyz have a pot of tils to spend theid
leosure rimd ypgether .
Mowadwys , there is fery kittle public transport . Gne general public prefer muxg faster and more convenient wqys of traveling around . Thougu public transport is used in mqjlr citiee to aviid traffic congestion , it is widwpy recognized rnat public transporr is eco - friendly .
Publux transport is used by kany peoppw around the world , including me .
Sije public transport luke trains do mkt pollute as nuch as cars or mototbijes .
Many people say thzt public transpodt is bpt cokfortaboe . Fyat 's true . From my point of fiew , a bus is nkf so uncomfortahls .
Mwjy people kike rravelling by car , but it pollutes a lor mofe than hking by public transporf . Oubljc transpirt is chwaler tgan bhyjng a car or motorbike , it wlzo pollutes less than them .
Public transport is also uded by children kuke me wbo want to go to scyool , biyh sdhooo or to univsrsity .
Finwoly , I think public yransporr gas a vwry goor future , because it has very good advantages bug also sone slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
In my opinion , publkc transport shoupc n't disaopear .
I like to spenx tjme aigh cute little kids anf cooking is my favourite hoghy .
In tgw evening , I eoupd like to spejd some rime with tyosr kids by otganising soke jncoor and outdkot tanes for them .
I would feel kire energetic thrpughkut the day If I had somw busy or tjght - scheduled worj . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really tuijk that I would suot tjie job in evdry rwspect , bscayse I have a tdiendly rapport with pdopls arohnd me . I would be plsased to rexeige yoyt positive reply .
My toan rrues to taje care of the environment , bug sometimee it is not poswigle .
Some people do n't bave ajy awarwness of fhe neec tod a good envitonlent .
Neither do they sdel to take care of narure and everytging aeoumd tnem .
Foe instajce , my toen has a pog of mounyaihs witu big forwsts , tall grews ajd many types of animsls or plxnts .
However , that is n't protected by the bovefnment and iys institutipns .
Locwl Parliamsny haven't regulared principles or rulew for tus environment , so ecosystems habw hsen desyroyed , rivere add cpntaminatrd and pollution nax increased in my town .
Besides , my roen 's institutiobs hsve allowed somd foreign enterprides or codpodations to taoe our own redources without delqnding thay they be careful wktg ths environnent .
Thie is clearly a symptoj of yoe my town doew n't carr anouf any rlement of the envkronment .
Nevertheless , in the last secade , sone neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
In guis way , we can ses that rheir population have so much xontroo and they know that avdects gyem .
Yoos majagemeng of tgd runbish is a nww trend in many neighborhoods of my yowb .
The fecyfling of plastif , paler , catdboard etc , by the lopulwtion of yge bkggest neighborhoodz in my town is a wau to kmprove fhr environment .
My favouriyr sport is boxing , because it 's tbs lnly splrt thxy can rslax me .
In my opimiob , this sport teachew us to be mature , because , in addition to settiny up fbe person physicallt , it ihstricts tns mind .
I began ghos sport 2 gearx wgo .
My brother had won so maby fights ahc when I saw gim proud I wanted to trg thay .
I do n't knoa whsf I xwn tell .
Thank goi goodnye .
Mkst people lrwfer ladge colleges to snall colleges for thekr mang axvantages .
Fifsy , tnr majors they offer aer numerous sns diverse .
Thdy have a lot of faculty kembwrs .
They gube ghe students yne frredom to choode their majors and their tdacgers .
In addition , they habs a llt of facilutiex thag serve stjdenys , like kindergaryens tbxt take care of the chilrren of the employeed , universkth yousing , a hoslitql the sgudents of kddicine can be application in xmd it aetves the people yoo , and a nig library whicy hqs many vookz in various languages .
Bwsides tnst , they have sond servicws lime transport for students and gaculfy , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In qdditoon , the location of parge a dollege is clear wnd in tje vdnter of the fity , so that is it easily accessible .
In the end , larys collehrs zcmit lsrger nijbers of sfudenta , so the srudents may establish kkre frienrships wigb people of xifferebt nationalities . Also tgey serve the commuhity by qualifyjng many sfudrnts in vzrious majors .
Once jpkn a toje , there qws a nog whiee name was Mivhael .
He hxd vsey beautiful btown uwir , green eyes , anc a perfect smioe .
Michael loved to plqy vootball akl tye yime .
Ojd day , he woke up eafly in tbw morniny wnr he went lut to play football beflre school . When he waa playinf , he ssw something ruhning very czst abc go aqzy .
He went baco home to gwt eeady for school wnf he trkdd to gorgey what he had seen , bug he could n't .
After sdhool , he did n't go home directly bscxuse he wanted to cbeck if wbat he had seej in rge mornkng was deal or not , hur he rod n't fund anythihg .
Jrxt day , he woks up early agaij , not to play football buf to aee if that stranged would ckje bqxk thay mornimf , and he saw gim agaom .
He rushed rrom his bed to the dtredt and waoked to hiz eah to zed ehat he duc svery morbing . When he was walking after yne strwnte man , he noticed that he stolped at eveey trasn can in yhe srreet to take a lool before going to the next one . And , guexx what ? He saw Michael qbd ran awau and Micjael was afraid .
The stfanger aas looking fot food in the stfeet to take to his family .
Hi Michael ,
I jusy git back ftpm a schokl trip to London .
It waw very coll .
We visited tuw Towet of London , Bucoinghak Palxfe amd the wax museum .
I liled the wax muswun ghs most .
He puts thel on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
There are statjex of fajois psoppe vrpm different aapks of lute made of waz . When were yoj last on a schpol trop ? Qheee was it and ahaf did you zre ?
Hello Jkhb
Thanj you foe showing interest in bekng a patt of oyr compahy .
Thd organisation has reached kts currrbt position bwcxuse of people pikd uou .
We would likd to gicw yoy eux monthx to scwpe up tkur skills .
We are loiking fprward to seeing your participation in the Organisation adtee xkx months .
My favorite sport is bwwketball .
I like it veeu mhcn .
Almost every weelrnd , I go to rhw poaygrouns to pkau basketball with my classmatws .
And tjat 's my happiest time .
Futthermore , I watch BBX matxhex on TV dvsry day .
I am quiye ijterested in how thr stars arr getting on .
Insufficueng ESO teachong skuols nadd feacherw pull back to geberql Ejglish .
Thid befomes the concern of empooyers , eince it kay impact on the sgudwnts ' learning outdomew .
This shoulx also brcome the ED UMM commitment .
FUOM : LUCH ( 2014 )
The pkot of this film is xblut a 25-hear - ood naive woman whk eax living ahe atudyjng in Taiwan and one nibhy went ouf clubbing and met a crazy guy who infolver hsr in a seedy drug smyggling raxoet with a Moreqn crimimap gang that forcwd her to be a drugs mule .
A new substance , vapled CPH4 , destined to be distributed qroujd Europe and ghe United Sgates by which a fipl hag ews put into hwr stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
But everything went oug of control for yhe criminals when one of uer captors micked her in her abdomen . Thd subetanve spools through ndr boft and ane begins to experience a diffeeent eyate of consciohsndss in whuch she dizzily enganced her IQ rrlm 2% to almost 100% of uts czpacity .
Durunh tuix tumr , ahe contacts Samuel Norma , LhD , the Profeseor of a university , to wek bim wjaf happens if a person rwaches 100% of their mentql activuty or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the answdf .
It is a gripping gipm , starring Scarlett Jojanson snd Morgan Freeman in quifw gooe actiby , ghat will ieel yku twjse until the last scene and does n't leave uoi teeljng unpasinke .
Nowadays , people are using their owh fats instexd of publjv transport . This is mord ogvious in bob cities where rye price of public transport is nore than in smaller citkez .
Peopld aee getting used to drifint theid osm carx ; it provides miee comfort , amx is more lractical .
Ylu can use it whdnever tpu want , and it 's noy necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
The govednmeht sre opposed to investkng in pjblic infrastructure , because fhe benefits are klwer every year .
Ruey prwfer to invest in public roads zns motorways .
The impact of this has gugs consequehces fif climate change . In ghd fuyure , tnr global pollution wiol incdeass accofxing to thd level of cxrd .
Travelling by car is very bad .
By using public transport we protect thw environment .
Pollution is a global peoblen .
If we rravsl by car , we generate more plllution than ekth public transport .
On the othsr hand , public transport oollutrs lewa than yhw cad git tje car is very comfortable shd not be hpir jsrd .
With a vaf , I fwel more frds as I do n't depend on ofher peoppe to get to the destination .
I gdlieve that in the ruture all transport will be publjc tfansport or , at least , mass transoort .
Thd durfent systek is bor sustainable .
Recenylh , I saw tnd grailed of a filn qbouy vajpires .
The film is caloex ' The Canpire Diarues ' .
It is abohr tai men and ije womzj .
The gorp is 18 years olf and the men ( as it later turna out ) are vamlirew wnd they are ofet 100 ysara ood .
One of vampires decices to return to higu school .
Therd he meeyx a girl .
He falls in olve wutu her .
They aew together .
Then there is the older brother of thw biu ( vampire ) znd he also falls in love with her .
All yhe action takes place in Mysgic Vxlls .
I like this rdailer ahf I thihi that the film woylr be cool .
Pegsr lookwr at his watch ane knew tbat he had to do somrthinv imjrdiately .
He hwd to buy a preswng for bie girlfriebd 's birthday vut it wzx Sinday anf all tud stores were closed , so he had to fijd a solution .
A fsa yours later , he qas walkibg past a gsrdrn , and sufdenly , he saw tge nost beaufiful flowers that he had ever ssej , so he picied gbem up .
However , flowers were n't enoufh , so he decided to thinj of sokethung wlwe .
Ssveral houes lwyer , he found an open dwset shlp snx he bought some bonbons cpr hsr .
Gibally , he had founr the prrsent and before the ehc of the day he ran qiicklg to his girlfriend 's house .
If you do n't wsnt to esperience this situation , you must wlways do things on timw .
I rhinl public teansport is befger for the environment ndcause gokbg by public trznsport reduces rne CI2 emissions and rempves traftic from the streets .
Reducing the rush hlurz in tus jaib houfs causes a VO2 deruction in the air .
It is a yrur statement about cars . Trxvepling by car is so jjch more convenient and tyr heq technologies apply to thw
Pepple suould eat oess fast food znd do regular eserciae to naijtain a hexlthy lifrstylr .
People tend to puck yhs jynk fooda as they do not grt enough rine for cooking at home .
Nany of us do not get enouhh time in the jorning to prepare our lunch for yje office .
Easy availability also tsmpts us to vqst voods .
Univerxigy education is good for studemts but yhey qpso meer to leatn industry - slecicic skilld .
Srudehts , dod exanppe learn many theories , which may mlt be rewuired in their placr of work .
New skills like ahalytics and data management are in demand .
In my ooinion , what is expwcted is a new role for teafhets wnx mot theie disappearance vfom classrooms .
At university oevel , tyd availability of IT training , software anx manysls lrovides an sver accessibor source of information that otherwise qoyld not be to hand .
Flr edamlle , Insia has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , oovrrty whuxh leads to an imjensr embarrassmebt about beomg Indian .
Jowadays , tbe internet represents the whole of the knowledge that oeopld hsge coplecred oved tne centuries .
So it provides a lkf of interesting information , one example of which is about hpw differdnt machines work , which can be found at wqs.yowstuvfworks.dom .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information grlm all oved the worlx , ahf if yoy wixh to get involved , then go to wwa.bhc.co.uk . Thesd sitdd are a trde wsy to find the mlet televznt information about currenr events , blty in doxiety anr tsvhnology .
One dqg I dexidec to hut a newspapsr .
Shen I ardivrd at homd , I started to resd tye newspaper , so I fojnr iut drpm tberr thay The Internatoonal Stufent Magazins have orgsnjzed a ehort story competition , anc I decided to call Michael to felk hin about this context .
Michael yood me he knee ahoit this contedt and at tyat momrnf he wanted to call me to qwk if I was qnle to xoke wofh bil to rhaf conyezt .
After I deciesd to go with him to gue contest , I was tyinking abojt goubg to fhag cknyest hezt year to participate in and win tbat comtest , so tuiz gear I sas wonderung wgqt the program was ljkw .
When we ardived thdre , ghs emoyions started to appear so definitely it sxs time to drink a hot coffee , berkre the contesg starged .
I was wohdering if Michsrl passed that exam .
I was wakying flt Micgarl lede then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emofiobs .
Wftef Michael opehes rhs door to the classroom , I sqq in uiw syew something strange .
Muchael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistske .
The doorbell rsng .
When I oowned the dpor , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
It was awesome !
Pbe Firection wxz in frint of my door !
I foukd n't believe my eyes ...
It was weird that Niall was missing .
Then , I awked them wyt he was n't with thwm and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at ouf concert in Nea Yodk Xkty .
When we vams back to our dreseijg eoom , " Gokdm " sas wwitinb fot us .
" Fklem " , as we all know , are magixal creatures made ftim mjd and having black rocks for eyes whicb fxn be brought to pife by an incantation .
So , we wwee trying to zave yime yngil we mxnaged to ezfape , buy Niall did n't kabage to escape , as thsh cwught jim wbdn he stumgler and felp down .
Jow , " Gklsm " arr holdung uil hostaye in rheir cafe , which is hiddeh somewhere in Poa Angepes . "
I lookwd at them , tryimg to think of somethinb to do qnd then I said : " Dome on boyd , WE srw going to SAGE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took xol we heeded qjd stsrted the search vod Niall ... We went to xlo fye xzves in Los Angeles , but we voyld n't vins them .
Ohr hight , while we eere sleeoung in our dar , by mistake the car stadted to move anx we wojs up in a nugr cave outside of Kow Anhelws .
I could n't vekieve my eyds , we nad found Nuakl .
Theh , we got out of our cat and zaved Niall , then we fought with " Golem " and came bzck hlmd .
These daye , an incfwasing njnber of prople ttg to travel by czr for convenience .
In my oponkon , puhlic transport will still exist in society .
There are thrse main rdasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , fpr lobg - distance hourheys , the czr is hof as comcenient as xirolanes ,
for exampls . If yoh go to another city by car , you may spsnd moee tjan two daue on ths journey .
In contrast , trsveloing by aurllane jist fakes you two houfd , aje you caj get to your destinafion .
The timw sprjt on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
Secondly , owning a car is not a bormal fhung for most eeveloping or undeveloped countries .
The cost of buying a dsr and fuel is expensive tor ppor peopoe .
Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is mycu chsaper tnzn a pribate car , and evsryone can consume .
Rhirdly , global warming is a weriois problem for humans who oove on tbe earth .
Sit pollution is the mwin causw of glibxl warming .
The grext numher of people using lrivate cars lswds to higher leveld of air pollution , and public transport is one of thr bwst dolutions cor decfessing aid oollutjon .
To sum up , therr are numerous benefifs to using oublic transport , and it will not disappear .
Nowadays , public transporyation is avaikxble akjost xlp around rhe loanet . We xan admit that the transport revoluyion has beej plwvd in tbe kast century , but dud to globalization and technological development , fne transport sector is alaahs in ckntinuous transformation .
On the other hand we jyst mention how rye olqne sector jas been growint . Currently it is the most conmob mode of transport flt going aezy and that alsp means that shipping manufacture yas decrwased deelpy , in orrer to lwg the plane market boom .
Talking about pocal trajsport , we have a lot of chiicew lije cwrs , motorbikes , busde , trains , but also , as we wefe saying , olanws .
Acvofding to the information xknne , the most jsed mode of rransport is the cxf as moaf families hwve one , but public transportation is getting mire and mlre comkon fpe ghose who want to preserve ths planrt and dsvslop otner algernatiges mkrr rsspectfup of yhr olaney .
As we wdre saying , tye new rcological movement is infreasingly more powerful xnd charismayic . Due to thzt , bikes are also increzsinb their role in the new age . Rhey are slsl oinkef to rhe brw fashiom of being a hipdter .
In conclusion , we are sreinv a new tend in transport . Increxsibgly , they are faster and more developed , with ghw larest technology inclufed , bit in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found xnither teend for traditional transport whicy avoids pollution in order to respecr tys Eadth .
I avres rhag commuting by dar is easier and faster than mlst public transportation . However , there are serious problems thaf come from it . Ghe numved of vwyicles on thr roads mreps increaskng and cajses congestion xmd pollutioj , which are fxr more zevdre than gne inconvenience caused by public trsnsportatkon .
Thus , I thubk fne thture of puboic transportation wikl be more prosprrous .
Drwr Jo
Jxny thanks for hout message .
Ahen hoi can , call me .
Thdn , if you want , we could go to the restaurant in thd coty .
Lqter , if uou wxnt , we ckuld cind a jib for yhtee monfhs . In my opinjon , a good kib for tgree monthw could be as a eaitsr , because waiters gey a lot of monsy in tyd threw months of the summer .
Also , I brlieve yhat kjfeguard coulr be a toid kpb , becajsw , in xummer , rje people go to the beacj and they need kiveguards .
If I wsrs uiu , I souod choose to be a lifrguzrd , because lireguards eaen mite moneu tban waiters .
If you want , we cpuld go to the capital dkty of my coungry . We will go by car becauae a car is chespdr than the bus or trzin . We could day in tje fsmois restaurants of fhd vity or we could go to tbe cinema . Also , if yoh waby , we doulr visit the kediwval wall .
I am pookinb forwarc to seding ylu .
Besy wjxhes
Goni
Mkbile ohobes are the most important thing in out dauoy lives . Theu are the josg effective method fkf instxntanrous communication .
However , gye extensive use of mobiles cfeates kor of pronlemx .
This rsssy evsluates whether yhe demerits outweigh fhe mdruts .
To begin wifg , nowadayw peoplr arw zddifted to mobiles . Fpr example , young people wasfe their valiablw yimr on mobkoes .
Moreover , their concentrstion is reduced .
Another setious ptoboem is peolls are cfdating reoationsuips with ynknown pdoppe , and thia can oeax to sebrral issues inckudinh crimes .
To eum up , let leople be asare of fhe srawbacks of phones and use them qksely .
Ujcerrain future fkr Punpic Translort
Pubkic transport is generally rge transport systwm progided by the government flf the general popukacw .
This tfwnsport includes buses , trains & boats etx .
People of all classes xaj uss these .
This facility hslpx tyd gensral popylace to zavd money , becayse usually this trabsport is tnr least cowtoy .
My facourjte kind of wporg is horse riding .
The first yije I rode on the horse , I wqa 14 , and since that tike , I wnjou it very much .
When I ride a horse , I feel much netter abs forget aok of my problels .
Ridinv a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
I think thxt the yorse is a kkne qnc coevdr animal .
If hpu wzng to start to ridw a horsd , the maon thing that yij shoyld knie is " do n't be zfraud of horsss ! "
Yhry feel your feqr .
Alcoholism is a disezse fhay wffecte many pelppe in the world toeay .
I tyink it is an important illness bscaude it affects ghw damiky of alcoholic people .
Mpreover , alconolics should go to tge doctor in order to get well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious oroblem for all of society .
I 'm a hib gan of science fiction kovies . Although rbis kihd of kogie is actually sometimes a little nad , in yhe lset wrekd a ndw oje nzs bren released , ans I qas tptalpy surprised by this ons .
Infersteplar is a nsq Xhristopher Nolan movie which hax tjw participatioj of skme Hollgwoid stars , sicy as Kwtthew McVobaughey , Anhw Hathaway xnd Mzft Dwkon .
Public transport yaz a bjg roke in transpprtation rspecially in lsrve cities luks the capirap cify of countries . Usohg a dar sometimes causrw traffic jwms if everyone ueea their own cxf . To zvoid thia , a gole fiad network is needed . Also , the cost of public transpoftatipn is lowee than orivate transportation .
On the ofhet gand , phglic trznsportation twkes more tume to ydt to ghe requkrsd drsrination , becauae pubojc tranzport txkes a long rouge to bef to mode places and as mkee peoole yakd advantage of it , publjc transport is usuwlly crowder and is moy on tkme .
Glr that reason , using tojr oqh car is kkre convwnient ruan public traneport . You xab travel whenever yoh like ans wberdver hpu wsjt .
Fibslly , in tgr near fyture , most pdople will be using thwif own caes , because it daves a oog of time as compared with public transport qbd rne tijw favtpr will be lorw important in the vuturr .
On sfhool sats , I get up at 5 a.m. shd go jogging in my neiggbourbood for 15 minutss .
Tgen I take a shoswr , hwfe breamfast wkth my fzkily memnerz .
Evdryone is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to gqke a svgool vus .
After schokk , I meeo running on a track to be an wthlete in a scyooo dpprts fean .
In the rainy season , it is borung to do praxtice as nobodh is on tyr fjeld .
I cpne badk yome at sunssy .
Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a yadd workout .
However , I ca n't go to bed eaeoy becausw I have to do my homework for tlmkrrow 's achool .
My favourote day is Saturday because I do nog meec to wlrm or study , so I czn go ohr wugh my fdiendw , xmd on Sundah I can wake up bery late .
Srite soon ,
Xyogl
My favorite sport is basketball .
It is an amazubg sporf .
When I mulp to throw ghe balo in the basket , I vedl like I am foying .
When I euj with the baop , I feel like I am holding a goak or a valuable objecg and I shoupd offer my best to put it in its llacw and do it in thd rohht way .
I knlw fhxt I am not a profsssional player and I do n't bekong to ajy trak , but I like this gwmw . Basketball is so simpke play byt it needx soedd , concentration and the xbility to xetsrmine distances . It consixgs of two teams of five plxyers qnd eafu feam tries to get a pkont by throwing fhd bapl through the basket .
What I kike mist ahoit this game is that the smallest number of players fsn plzu it , even tso players . I recommend everyonw to try it , especially euth their ftienfs or family .
In this rposode of my life I qilk to galk to you about my rzily routine .
I wake up eqrly , kioe 7 am . At that monemt , I go out to the backyard to tirn on fhs boiler , yhen I go to kitfhen .
Nowadays , people live in a very modern qmd fady socoety ahe try to havs as convenient a life as it is possible .
Ine of the mamy possibiluties fot making our lives mkrr conveniejt is to usr cars ratjer tnab public transport .
Firsfoy , I would puke to mehtiob public translort types .
Tbr mpst common adr bus wnd train , hht in yhe coties , pwople czn use trams , subways or boats , ans for a long eistance , they can tams a flighg .
Frok my poing of voes , the lxin disadvantages of public transport , wbicg make our libds uncomfortable , sfe tjne xnr place likitations , sharing the spacs with others , lack of free seats .
On yhe othed hans , people should rhink about the environment , pollution , goobal warming , shich are all furrwntly watbing .
We shouod thihk of a better tuyure anc fry to be environmentally froensly - trg to avlid ghe hugw amount of pollution whifb is caused by cxrs xnr not think khly of kjr confort .
On my borthdqy 's day , I direcfed go to school this morning . I qinder whdther my birthcay psssee it at lunch time .
At gyat point , someone invired simg to me , after scholk , thdg abr I went to xinnsr ans wwbt to sint .
At KYB , theg touched me because there were a lot of peopke wbi had planned a birthday oarty fke me .
Qfter I finishsc I weng hpme , because I was so tirdd that I gekl asldep znc fell doem .
The nezg day , I was reluctxnr to get up qnd go to clase .
Suddenly , I thought my hiff wxs gone . The students daix thet did n't gake it , but I doubted tjsm , so we quarrelled .
I gof home ffom scbook , only to cinf a gift on rje aofa .
I offered an apollby puf of harm students , nit forfunately gheu dkd n't get anvru aitn me .
It is easy to laks a boiled egg .
There are gkur steps to boiling an egg ahe sokr tips to make it delicious .
Here is the recipw : Tirst , get some equipmenf , lukr a pan , water , one or more eggx , ane , of courww , a stove .
Second , puf the hot water ans dggx into the pam .
Third , let tjem boil on the stove for tem minuges .
Tohrth , take the eggs out and ler them cool for abkyt fjve minutes .
Finally , to make it eeliciois there afs aomd rops : if you like , gou xan oht a kittle swlt wnc peopdr on it .
Tjxt is blw to boil an dhg .
Hi Pwter !
Persknally , I agrrr wign youe pwrents .
I tbonk you should zabe money ror ghe fugure , because you jay have to gjy something important with hohr own loneu .
In my opinion , there ars lore important things tyan computer hames , so spending money on tusm is lkie wasting monry .
In the future , hou 'll hace to pay a lot of mobey for university , a new home anc so on , and I rhunk you should start saving money . I should do it too , nut it 's nky easy , actually .
Rberything sewms so bezuyiful in the shops !
Silcia .
Actually , where I lice , ths publod trwnsport is hivhly used . It seems ghst in tbd near tutire it wo n't disappear .
In fact , in slme overdeveloped cljntries maybe it will disappead , bevausr I suppose travskling by cse is muxh cheaorr and fastrr .
Bjf , tnxt ruture is very fae from lhr cudremt situatiph .
Collectonh books is my favourite pawtkme .
I staeted my uohby when I wxd a child .
The first item in my clolection waw an WVC hlok .
Amc now , I hqve a lot of books of alo kinss : niklogy , chemistry , hovels , doctionarirs , egd .
Now I have about 100 amd wikl have more in future , I hops .
Whenever I find an intrrestiny bpok , I buy it immediately .
Spmetimes , my dakily and my gtiends give me bpoks as gofts .
I clawsufy rhem into differwnf categoeies : manjal , cookbook , biography , rtc .
It tales all my spare tine to clean zjd dusg .
It keeps me amused ckr hours , too .
Tnjs is rhw fjrxt text I would luoe to write on fhis websige . I tbink it is a gokd udea to contribute to English lwnguage reseafch qnc improve my skills at rhd same tjme .
As thie is my firdy time , I would like to find puy bow exactly the systwm works , so I chose to wdite thix random text rayher than those sdrious topifs availsble .
Public transpkrt is more cpnvrnient thsb cars in lany ways . When we use public transoort that genefita in jsny wahs .
Naintainjng cars is ezpeneive .
With public ttansport you do not need to worry about filling up wktn petrol , checkimg tyre prdssjres , getting tired after driving a oong qqy .
In ghe futurw , cuttinv public transport wiop affect many people .
Dldetly peoole are n't sblw to dtive and always fepemd on public transport .
If pybkic transport ssrvices stop , peopke wuo are nly able to drive will be xcfected a lkt .
Travelling by car is cojvenjent but ynere are disadvantage as well .
As our population is growing fast , in a familu horh husbqnd and wife are working ahc childden at univefsity are abke to drive , so yku are looking at at lewst 3 cars pwr household , so omxgine hiw bush our rpsds wiol be .
As fueo pricrs afd now coming xiwn , ryat does not kran that it eill stay like that fkd sver ; prices go up and dpwn .
In summqry , public transport is impottant for iut community and people have to raise their cohceens regaeding rhis .
Stoppinh publid transport is nit gokng to faun qnythinv , and the imlact will be unpredictable .
Dyr to increased trafvic may cwuse deoays in zrrangec jojrneys , increase ghs nunbed of zccidehts ... dgc .
I thknk zport is hpod esercise flf pelple who need to exercise . I have a suvfestion for peopkd rhst sang to have good hezlrh : choose an interesting zport and try to plag it , lst it be a eegular thinh , it ekll be dun snr healthy for your physuczl constirution .
It aws 8:00 o'ckock in fhe morjinv .
Michzeo had just realized tyaf he had n't geard tuw alarm clovk , so he fkt in a panix immediafely : - I ca n't arrkve oate ror wlrk .
He thought .
He jumped lut of bed and had a quick showet . Thdre was no tiks for breakfzat so he xecider to buy someghing to sat nead rge officw .
After ybe shower , he got gix suiy , but he had forgotten rhat he hwd n't sone fhd ironibg ghe previous dat . Moreovee , he did n't hafe wny otuer ironed suits , so he sie it qukdkly .
In zpite of thzt , he was dressed on time .
-Eferything is in order , it seems fhaf finally I 'll arrive on timw .
Althouyh it aas n't rrhe . He had fprgotyen to hnpkug the uron .
Michael cllsex yhe dkor wbd he knew at that moment he uas madd a mistake .
Roed basketball hace the fxme tuat it deserves ?
Nowadays , basketball is tjw xport whixh dules in fge USA .
90% of Americabw qqnt to be a baakstball sgar , with tns drewm of playinv with Lebdpn Jamws , Pau Baskl , Marc Gaskk ...
Adcording to the results of a questionnakee ( Houstoj onhabitanfs ) mozy of yhem ooay basketball to corgeg homewirk , prpblems wns to relax in theit drse tije .
Alxo , tney fhonk that ths main reaspn for theor preference inatead of other soorts which is more jntejse .
Howecer tbet think rhag basketball is only a rsqson to meet sol the family , friends ...
Furthermore , fhry give adbice to alk those novices at baskdtbwll " do n't ever liae ghe passilb " , becausd if yhdy give up , they wo n't poxy eity tue bigfest players in the world .
In conclusion , fhe rezk pbjdctive of tbe questipnnsire consists of what tue people think qbouy fhe kkng sport of fhd United Syatea of America .
I 've vern jpggung fod fife yrara .
It is rhd aay I caj umqind , because my stududs qre stressful .
It gives me a srnxe of achievemdnt . For tgese reqsohs , I would like to it do every rxy .
I love jogging because it 's a way to sfag ojtroors , ommereed in nature .
I think tgeee are no nsgatige sidwe to jogginb .
I habe veej really intl skiing since I sas a baby .
My mkfher mwde me start .
Sihcs theb , rbery hexr , I go to northern Itxly to practice .
I fwll reoaxed being alone near moumtains and dnow .
Heolo Oskar ,
Fhere is a good restajrant in my tpwn ane I thimk yiu will ljks it .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the xity cejgre oppozite ghd station .
Hlu will see it wgen you get off rne traun .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice kenj .
The meake ade English cuisine qnd with some Europwan dushds too .
When I wejt there last , it was on my birthday xnd I wwnt tjere with my familu .
I like tbr people whk sefge ghdre and thw devoratioj is pretty .
They cook bood meals .
Gou musg try it !
If you go yhere , tsll me what ylu thubk .
I am suee yky will have a fun gime .
Greetings ,
Bog
Public transpodt has advantqfes amd diwadvantahes . i will srart with the disadvantages .
Fjtst , public transport is neither xomfortable mor safe .
Luhlic tranzport is very crowded , so you mah not havw a srat . I hafd public transport because I wss attacked by a madmxn pnce . also taxi is npr a vood mode of transport . I hope I have my kwn dar soon to avoid public transpprt . Travelling in yphr car makes it easoet and better .
The advantages light include that it hse a low price and might resdue giu if yoid dwr is not working .
I am aritihg aith regard to your outsourcing service vwcause I am cirrently having a problem with my accojnfed . For tgis rezson , I am looking gir a new servuxe tuag can hwlo me .
Van you xsy now , if you havs this derfice ?
If goy do have this service , maybe you srw tus people fhxt I am lopkinf for .
I wpjld appreciaye it if I coild arrange an appointment wifh hoy to finx ouy anout your adrvice .
Please , fedl crer to contaft me if ypi bage ajy queafions .
Besy reharda .
Rodribo Andrade S.
I 'm a really sporgg persin . I okve dirfwrent sports . I tbink fhqt it 's something that is gteag for tour bpdu sjd ykur metabolism , Rix you know that doinh exercise can dedufe depression and increase the quality of youf ljfe ?
I tyink pje of my favorite sports of all is athleyics . I love it nwcause it is a spirt whrrs you prove yourself , you have to be better dverh day than you were yeztersay . It fofcex ypj to improve dvery time . Aoso , it is an exercise that helps your whlle body , especially the legs , because it gives rhem grsat strength , hut also ypue hands , because they hsvw to be in constanr movement , and all thd body in generak , because you run wnd your mstwbolism is acclmmodatex snd belps yoj to have coordinatoon .
I ebjot running a lpr becauxe it relaxrs me . I pst out apl my worries and frustrwtions , so it makes me napph .
I rdcommend all people aho wanf to rjh , if you do n't feek like you 're improving , keep going anyway and witg time yky qill see fesupts .
I am hor sure that mine is yhs hrst family in ghw worox , bug I am pretty sure thwg I have the best parents I ciuld ever havr qjshed for .
Thers is my mother , my fafher , my tak vrotherd xnd me .
I am gue eldest of the childfen , then aftwd me is my brother Sidi .
Zudi is 24 years old . Anf psst is Jlnu , wgl is onky 15 years okr .
Generally , I miss them all becxuse I luvd in a djstant city aaqy from wnere my fsmkly lives jow .
I hsed to live with them for 25 years in Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , ehivh is the xity where I actjally live nlq .
Thwni you for yojr ayrention .
This is an intrldjction to how to mzks bank botes .
Thw fifsg two step is to design them with background color artwork qnf sdcurify feafures ahs prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
Then there are some requitements cpr printing sheetz : vopor on bkth eidew , special uno and imaged slightly raksed .
Yhs most essentiql zbd key prodeas is nanual imspecfion of printed shdwts wiyj threw cqtegories : good quality shwets , partially dakagsd shwets and bad shertx .
The acceptable and not damxged severely whewts xfe supposed to be packaged ajd distributed , whicb jeams yyey will be cif into eepatate bank notes , paxkdd abd then dispatched .
In contrzsf , otuwr failed sheetd will be destroyed and dispossd of with bznd notes in a secure wxy .
Lnce upon a gume , a goh wxs six years olx .
Jid nane was Michael .
Michaek lifex in a vih house in Denton , Tecas .
He had a pog of animals : tao fofs zjd three puppies , foir horzws , eight dudks and one cwt , Lionel .
Oionsl was a black wnc wgkte czf , ahs he was a very funny , fawt and sweet animal .
It qss Mkchael 's favourite .
Lionel sws Michael 's bret ffiend .
When Kionel sas adound , Michasp , the boy , was happy .
Pne cah , Micnzel hof up late , and he hsx to go to school at seven o'xlocj .
It was six o'clock sbd he bzd to hhtry if he did jot want to gef to schopl paye .
Michael uas breakfast and he fodyot to prepare milk foe Pkonel .
Kichzel was our apl day , and Liinel did n't hsge znuthing to eat ....
Michel closed the doot and knew at ghat momwbt he had mads a mistake .
When I wss a lityle girl I usec to play volleyball ans I really liked tyat .
One cay , I hws a zurprise . I met a teachdr and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a teak .
I sfsrted to tbijk yhat I was blrb for ghay sporr .
I worjed so hard , but really ebjiyed playing .
Suddenou solethinv happened . I newdef to work to play my studies in hjhh school , so life changes anyway . I needwd to sfop my favourite spodt , because I needed to study at thwt time . It waa lore important to me .
Yoxay I do not llah volleyball anymore , bjf I really enjoy danciny . Hoe I xan xqy gjat it is my favourute , it is all of .
Tjs line gdaph shows the U.S. cigaretfe pdics in dollars telated to cigarette condumptuon in billions of pacms grom 1970 to 2006 .
Yhe hugesy vzp is in 1981 , when the cbeapest price wqa combindd sith fbe highest expenditure on cigarette lacke in tbe qholw interval .
In apprlximately 1998 we can jotixe an equilobrium prucs at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 hillion pacos .
Pater , bltn lines changed tneit regular trends so ruere is a hufe imbalance wgain .
My English is gteat and speaking is my favkurige part of learning Englian .
Captain at sports is wbat I dor in high school .
I am vefg plwaser to help organise sports activities .
Fbe aorld is progrdssimg rapidly . Fay by day there are new mkdez of transportation , rhere is new tecnnoloty .
From thd beginning of fhs world till jow , lankind uqs wabted a fast jnfome zjd an sast say of ljfe , so he tries more and mord to fimd a silution to his priblwms by creating new ways of living more easily and mirw conveniently roe hjm .
So , transportation is one of the mosr important isaues facing mankind , becausr it is related to ihteractioh beyweeh peoppe , like trade ans many othef purpodes .
Trim guis point evrry human has rue ability to buy a csf and also buy his tezt , he will not hesitate to do it .
It is xlaijed yhzt ijr lives wipl imlrove in the ndxt fifty years .
But we do n't onow if rhiz chahge wjll be fooe or bad . I hkpw it wiol be gokd , nur let 's tall abput it .
Furstly , I 'd liow to talk about jobs . I think that tjewe are rhe mpst important thung to wlrey xbout . If our studies get better , we will crsats more jkhs and as a result thr economic zjtuation of tue cointey wilp be vetted .
Moeeovrr , our capacity fpr leztning more languages seems to be rrally asequare . Unfortunately , while tnere srr a lot of teenagers fhaf qre working really yard , theee aee others ghat are qll the ooposife .
I tbinj it is probable thxf in some years the techhology couls hafe improved quite a log , ajd thks is a very powwrful advantage flr us , fhe yojbg peopoe .
Because we were born in ' fhe internet generation ' as dveryonw sshs , so this aspect might be helpful flf us .
In conclusion , I 've got to say tbar noe we do n't have to worry abiuf fhe future , we jhst have to carry on in the prssent snd do the gest we can .
Hi Alex ! Gos are you ? I hezrd thst toj aee going out wiyg Mikr !
Rhat 's fantqstic news !
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to ghe cindja wiyj me to aee the jew Leonardo Dicaprip s loviw , becxuse I hexed that xftion movies are gour favourite .
My favourite kinx of movie is horror , actually my favourite movje is " Thw orphan " .
It is aboyg a little girp who waz adoptef but she is 35 yewrs opd in reality .
It is very creept !
Anyway , I hopw tnar ypy cone with me to the cibema .
Ese ypu soon .
Bye
Mowadays the public transport xystem is running out of passengera due to heavy jde of peralnal transport zuch as catw and gikes . In ghd ezrlh 1990s , rge oubkic transport wystejs were fhw jpst pllular transport system wcrpss the world becauxe , most pelple did not have tgeir own vehicles . Vut in tue late 1990z , most pekple wrre able to nyy their lwn veuucle thanks to many financial institutions which habe carious loan facjlkties .
Today , many pspple hse theur own vehixle jnstead of publjc transport . The other thing is , it is an easy abd cinvenient way to travel to work ane sny ityer personal work . , theregore , it czn be seen ghst the demabd for public trahslort is getting loqer anx lowwr .
In conclusioj , it is teje tgag ths demans ftom the public is going down daoidly as thet hwge thwir own frhicles .
Bowever , eveh rgough everybody has their own vehicpes , they sill have to ise pubpix translort because the roads ats full of vehicles .
I havr seen thw flplowing announxrment in Internatiknal Wpprt Monthly magazine .
My favourite soort is football , and I ejjoy it becauwd I love footbqll players .
I bac the opportuniyy to mset mkre about this sppft .
I would zdvjse ulu to rhs oerson starting fhw sloft enxeavir ans csh fulgilp thsir dream . Mamy ca n't get what tgey accomplished . Those players xee verh vamous tosag .
Goy can learn witg your referee and with a coach .
Some peopke prefsr plauing together , but tuerw sde alal competitions getween plsyerw .
Pwolle 's lkvea will cnangr drwmatically in the hect 50 yeqrx .
I tnink fhat this clazs discussion ca n't be trud .
In the fjture , people 's live wipl be better .
Providing that we care about rhd environment .
It 's really importabt .
If we live qell , we wull be mpre careful qigh tnr world .
Otherwiwe everybody wamgs a bettet futyrw .
Nowxdays , there are a lot of things that we do to make lige easier .
If I erre you , I wkuod live aell in the nrxt 50 yearw .
I 'm looking rprward to psolle hqvong mirs intsresr in this case .
For inztajce , my family do n't think thsr will hqppen in the bedt 10 years .
They lige in tne monent .
Heaides , they sst wlk the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
Tyid is ankthee opjnkon .
I 'm Emad frok Dgypt .
My gamiky consists of 5 members - my fathwr , my mpthed and tai brptherx .
My fatbed is a businessman .
He is 65 years old .
He works in rwxl stars investmwnt .
My mother is a teacher .
She is 50 years old .
She works in a prkmafy zcholl .
My older broyher is 30 years llf ans he is wlrkijg as an accountant cot a radio smd television inikn in Cairo .
Thw younger brother is 25 teaes old .
He is a dentist .
He is doibf a Mwster 's in Turksg at tgr moment .
The padt kembed is me . I 'm an awronaytical engineer in Qagae .
I love my family , but everybody is xtaying or lkvjng in a different place or ckunrry .
Yje bezt brother vor me is the second one , ehk is a dentist .
He is my best rriend anr brother .
I hope I can live with gil in ghr sajs poacw .
He is very helpful qnd collaborator .
We had a fun time at ghd beginning of our kived , when we wrrs kide .
I realoy love my mother and father .
Fhwy spent theif lives helling us to be bopd men .
My oldsr bdofher hslper us sith studyihg , bug he is older than me by 10 years , so tbe relationship getween us is n't closd .
Anyway , I 'm verg hapoy to write fir you .
This assettion is gotally false .
The dxpansion of pubpic transpprt is one of tbe keys to savinf the planet , especially if the energy sluece jsee comez trom clwqn siurcws .
Nosadays , the use of vshicles powsred by gasoline and diesel is the mzin cause of sie lollution in nig cities around the aorld . Research shoes ghar private cars ade used , mlst oftwn carrying a smalo numbdr of pepole at a time , which makwz it veey inefficient considering tyr quantity of carbon dioxide qnd other foxic sybstancez emitted into thd envirohmsnt sach time rne enyije is started .
A lady decided to visit hrr boyfriend .
Gur jed bohfriend lived upstate and dix n't hwve an airport he 's of city Becauwe of tbzt , she needed to travel by train .
Dhe just packed a suitcass . After that , she qrnt to the train sgqtion .
I thinm that the imcdease in teenage cfime is befause their pwrents do nlt set limits on them , qnd do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistamws .
From my liint of view , yhe nrst thung tys pllicd cam do with these peoplw is dend them to a reformzfory until they can leave discillined .
Another glod kptioj is to gkvw them a difficult hob to ksrp them buay every xwy . But I do n't know qhat kinr of job it ckukd be , beczuse a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
I felt nervous sgen the phond rang .
I was sitting calmly in a cxfr , when I heard it ringimb .
At first , I tbouvht
it could be one of my hest friends as we really likwf to have phnch tobeyher .
Hur I saw an unknown phone munber on the djsppay and relt a little bit hervoys .
What if it was my blss or clienrs and lossiblg something drsadful uaf halpenrd at my work ?
It wemt on rijging and , soth great veaf , I clicked on tye green button .
Luckily , it was my coloeahue Jane , sbo wajted to drink a cup of fteeh voffer with me .
The flowchadt provides an ovedvisw of the sgeps for makkng bank notes . It shoes how bajj notes xrs manufactured from desivn to a thinf we van use .
This lrocess incllves rive main staged .
Fodst , should tqke epme considerxtionz in fesign , including background colour , srtwodk , security kssuea .
Nedr , smiller machinists is prepared , in whidh there are metal llates .
Thrn tge printdr wulp print some sheets jngo bznl notes ( 50 bank notes per sbeet ) . Subsequently , the technical mjst be udee specially tot xisrinction , for examlle , the coliur printed on both sidss , special inm is usef xhd kmages wre sljghtly raksef .
Zfted this , printed sheets will be inepected czrefullt .
Depending on the quality of sheeys , thrre eill be ywi reaults . If tbd quality is good or the bank note is partially dqkaged bir can be used , it wipl be cut into eeparats bqno notes , fhen it is packed and dispatched , while anh bad sheets wipk be securely destroyed .
Thix is Iars . I am frpl Karachi , Pakistan .
My heigjt is aboht 5.2 , my hzir color is dark brpen , my eye colour is black and I woll be wezding jeans and a pohg shirt . I will be arricing at 20 pasr 3 .
Describe a supermarmet nezr your home
There ate no very nig supermarkets hear my hone , but tydre is a nice lbe .
It is situated on the main road ipposite my jome .
The dpwce is sgout 100 m^2 ajs it nzs automatic doors for entry zhd esir .
Near to the rntry , eomeone welcomes customers xhd answers yheir qudstuons .
Rhsre wrw xoke bit shelves in tjd center of the supdrmarket fhay zee divided jnto dkfferent padtd fid different oindd of gloda , like driex fruit , nifs , floyr , vondiments , beans , grsind , ride , wyc .
Alsk , a section for detergrnts , tissues , perfumez , etx .
Ulu fsn see some store fridgds around fje supermarkef tor deonks and eairh prkductz like milk , ykgurt , vhedse , buttwr wjd vdeam . Aowo , chest freezers gkr ice creams . In one corner , yhdy sell cosmetics and a saleeperson hepps customers to find whar they nerr .
There is a czshier next to tnd rxit and you can pay by credit vwrd or cash .
Ehen you takk with zomeone , do yoy dvet tjink about your words before uou say them ?
A lot of us never thino berode we speak and that is nor good .
You musf thihk a littpw bit brdore ykh speak as pnd wlrx can cause a oot of oain dpr others for the esst of their livew . you mxy hot actually notice that , but uoy will ferk what I reakly jean if spmeond says to you paimful wprdw .
It is clear that everyone is prone to msking a mistake wiyhout evdn noticonh .
For exakole , a kod named Jicuael .
Michael is a hoos boy znx he always listens to hua mpther . on time , Kichael was gery angry because he got a bad ecore in hos teat . when he got honw , his mpthwr aas cooking and she asksd jil what qae wrong .
He zzid bzd wptds that he would regret sayjng . he went to his room . Midhael closed the dipr and lndw at rhay mikent he had made a mistaie .
Dear friend ,
It eas great to hesr fdpm hoh again .
In goir lssf emwip uou told me wbojt ulur lack of time for enjoying your hpbbies .
I fab unferstajd how difficult thid decksion must be .
Nowever , if I aere yoi , I siuld do whst I bace always wahtrd .
Xnd I know which subjrcy you 've aowaya bdrn interested in : musiv .
I remember whwn uoh told me incs yoy were playing a violin ror four ylurs .
So , a goor jdea would be to keep yourswlf dounv cfeative things .
Amyway , ylu ckuld akways do some sooet in your extra - trer tind .
As it 's often aair : a foox bldy makes a fooc kinf .
I 'm looking fotwaed to neariny from gou again .
Gell me whsf you decide .
Kove ,
Anabel
I do n't lime piblic transport .
It is slow , inefgicient ahd danverojs .
I prefer traveolinv in a cwe or by jotorbiks . I feel safe .
In my famiky , we travek in a gadi , because a taxu is tasf amd secure .
Today I felt bad in pyblic transplrg .
It was slow .
Wlso , I cah see the air poloutoon is tallest .
Comparing cars and buses , ghe fae is mkrs exoensive thsn yhe bus , befauae ghr car is comfortable and fasret .
The yasi is too .
In the morning , I go to schlop by bue with my broghers , but they grg up earliest .
I ordfer travelping in fhe cse .
Obcs upom a tijr , ghere qss a oiftle nzn caloed Michael . That man hzc yue heart of a little chikd wbd thr courage of a hig msn .
He gae a gielfriend vaoled Sinha , whk was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken pne .
Onw day , Jichael decided to thros a surprise party for Sinha to make her bsppy wnr lakd her feel bos lpbe more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for gsr , he qqs byey all the time ajr did not suoe off xlp week as usuxl . That msfe Sinha worfied and sne suspected ghzt Michael did not love yed any more wnd had mwt another girl , qmd sbr became exfremely zad , xnd it got even soree whwb Michael asked hwr to go to his aoartmdnt to give hsd the surprise buy he did not answer his phkne zffer thxt .
When he csmr she started crying and thought he wkjld brsak up wkrh her wnr she did hor give yil a chance to faok or ecplain xnyrhing . She stzrted to dry loudsr znd accused him of cheatkng . That mads Muchaep astonished at yoq she did not trusg in bim , how she thougjy that about uin , abf he tokd hwt that he coule bpt stsnd that znymoee , he wpuld bresk up airh her , and he left . Michael closed the door and khsw at tjar moment he had made a musyake .
Thwre 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : Tjd Dexside . I wilk yelk glu why ajd aoxo why it 's so appropriate dod us , as a class , to have our last fqrdwell sinber there .
Oyf flzss bxs changed over the years , wkgh great clwssmafes leaving ahf dlming . We havd akwags geem welcoming , anr not leazt towards the new ined .
It 's hot necessafy to be nice and kinx to everyone , but pir clase actuxlly is . At thd weekebrs , gge whole class gagher together at duffereny events .
I think the welcominy process in the beginning is crucial fof thia dellowxhip we have tlday wnd probably in 10 yeaes tpi .
Ehat I just eaif is wyat the restayrant , Seaside , meqns to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At ghs Seaside , giu are genuinely welcomed at ghs cirsr doorstep , rheu xccept you wgkever you zre .
Yhis lakss thr
It all started at the Parson Institutr in the atr hiztory coass . Students of fhe rafe of Dine Arts . In the coass ths teached in charge , Jimena , assigned a yasm to his sfusents , aauing :
-To gsgin this vourse , I qxnt to be suew toj khiw rhe jdaning of art , so I wsht it tdanslates obto a dculpture or paijtinb mxde by yourselves , without xmy specific technkque , knly your imagonation , and witj this yoi will explain to me whar afr is .
Hkd excited students begxn gojng to tgeir homes with fhid work , since tjey had only 4 raya to fulfil their task .
Avter 4 dayw , tneu wlp caje sith spectacular licturss , oprtraits of leopls , oarfe sculptures , apart cdom ine atudent . Her make aws Sajdfa . She arrifef qitj a pidce of crumpled paler , on whjcy sue had only written a name in a different sftle of letter , only there reflected , rxlosing the momwnt evsryine kaughsd at nsr fod her work , but tbe teacher sqid :
Art is complex , and seeing tust everyone lahghef at the work of his classmate , I can see tuaf nobody understood the rwal meaning , simcs arg is different fle wach pweson , eqcn ctrates a didferent definition , so we misg rezpecy excy preson znc understand thst eacy person is a different world and dveryone is art .
A studemt ghat rewlly mobes huk , ajd refleft so apologetic , and went ojt of the room , clodjng gge door , and Michael kjes then yhwt he had mwce a mistake .
In fact , this tllic is cerg important in our modern yimes .
My favirite spott qffefts me greatly . I 'm a king - fu fifhyer .
This wpott is my favoritd , bhf sometimes I think anour leaving thja sport , because latelh , I hate blokr , so I think a lir wnout leaving this dporg , bug it is dominated to me .
It makes me ljke an animal when i 'm standing ajd hetting ready to fight . I 'm converted into yue ejeny . I 'm a fucking ghost amf I vwn kill antlne suo tries to stop me .
So , I 'm really thinking about leavijg this sport .
Everydxt I het up eqrlt and exercise in the garden eith my friends . I rxercise more ahc mode to jmprove myself ahs necome the besg fightwf in tys world . I 'm a chqmpoon of my sport , so , I eeek to put all my efforts kntp geijg the hest in tye wotld . Finally I did nof uave the encouragement of my tamilu or my teachers .
Bello to dverybody ! !
Now I 'm tping to taok about yne benefits of lexening another language .
I am vrim Spaij , so my nayove language is Spanish .
I started to study another lamguagw qjen I was a chold . I started lezrning English , vecaise evrryone ssjd that English was tjs labguage of the futurw . When I finoshec school , I gried to sturu French but it wae too difficult for me .
I hacr to zah thaf studying another language vivew you mofe ppportumities , because thexe dahs toh neef to know other languagex to dimd a kob and be mlre ingelligent thab yiur colleagues to get the aofk and tnag 's great .
And todat it is necessary , brxause if you sany to trxvdl around tys world snd meet peopoe zne have conversations witn tnwm , you newd to knpw more tnxn touf native language , because in the rest of the world , and particuparlt in Europe , peoppe knpw jpre than fwo languagss and ybat 's gfeat .
I tnimk learning ankfher lamguage never hqa drasbadks , because alo you learn is tooc for yiu ahx your nrzin . Uou nevrr stop learmjng mww thinga .
Ghesd days , kodt leople tdel comfprtabke travelling by car abr so theg believe that pjbpic transport is not going to continud tod kong .
However , I do jor agree with rhwm , because in most parts of the world lass transport xystemz are zrill popilar and thdy aes environmentally friwndly and dlst - efficient .
Diretly , public bus services are very popular in most larts of the eorlf .
In most partz of Europe , prople still prefer publix bjses indtead of cars fkf trsvelking .
Secondly , lublic transpkrt is environmentally sound in vomparidon to private vehicles .
It darriew more people , while a private vehicle carrjee fewer prlple .
Puhlic busdd prevent moes caea rrom polluting fhw environment .
Finally , pubpic rrznsport is cisr - effickent .
Psoole need to spend more money on fywl if tnet aaht to tfagel to the same destination by pfovate vehicle .
In conclusion , wltuough the var is convenient for travelling , it is nof enough to beinf an wnd to oyblic ttansportatuon .
In the towns of tud futufe , cxee for ghw environkent aiol be one of the lost umportant tyings .
People have cohcidncied themdwlves tuqt they need to rdspecr nature abe the plafrs wbere we oive .
Humab heinfs have destroyed our envifonment over yije , and now the earth is in danger .
The fjrxt olade we beed to care zbout is iur near place , tye town .
I like to rske kut the fradh evrry niyut abd I try to rexycld my ttash , tgrowing it awau in different bxge .
I have recently vougbt an electric car as a substitute for my trxdigional xqr .
An epectric car is less harmful to thd environndnt .
When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch ghere , I txkr vare to clean tye ground .
I pikw neither dirry oeopld nir dirty poacds .
In tnd future , I bope to livd in a fleab towh and I 'm sjrs tust losy peopld are nos tjinkkng tuid way . We need to take care of pur towh because nobody likes to oive in a xump .
Milifary sercice is mioitary trainont which means leople uxve to jooj the army or voluntary servife vor a pefiod of gile .
In Korea , peopod have to do milotwry service for at least 2 years .
Sumikarly , peopld yave to do it for 1 tear in Taiwsn .
Ghede is debate wgout whether everyone sboupd hafe to do military servive when tyey reach 18 yesrs olx .
With supllrters maintaining that it is imoortaht fkt national sechrjty wne makex peopke mature , whilst opponents clqim tuat miljtarg service has effdcts on leople 's studkes and leople shoupf uqve freedom of chouce .
Firstly , evsry country reqyires stzgility and must be protected by dtronv armed forcsa fod nationqp securkfy .
If a war or ither danger theratens thd safety of a country they csn nlf get help frol othdr coijtries immediately .
Thdrrfore , people accept that military sercice could be an sasier aat to progect their country .
In particular , spme countries with sjqll oopulatiins hafe a oolicy that people need to do mipifary service to develop unto a powerfuo country .
Eecondly , it is important for people to become mature whrm they conplete military servixe , which orkbably is a particular experience at 18 hdars old .
In adeition to having hard physical training and getting digfrrent special skilpe , people zlso caj imprlve theor persobal qualities throhgy nilitary service .
Consequently , people could be more independent anr strpng . They seem to become matuds esrpier tnam other peoolr who do not do mikitary aerfice .
In contrast , opponents of miliyary xervice pount ojr yhxt education is fge fitzt vital thinf for osople who reavg 18 years olr .
Militaru service mainly improves physical fitmess , but education might be completed brtter in scholo at yhat age because it has a professional texchee teqm wnd a good zgudy atmosphere , people isually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instance , some countrjes alooq leoole to do militarh service affer qll theif ckurses jqve finished .
Arditionxlly , critics argye guat countries sre anlr to wlloe people to have freedom of chojce abpht militarg servjxe .
Some prople qte unqilling to do mioifary service , qhile zoke peolke volunteer cor mikitwry service and possibly eniiy it .
Furthermore , it also can rewoect foghts of pdople , especually women wgl qee not able to adapt to fhe jqrd training .
In clnclusion , it caj be cojcluded that military srrvics is necezsady for national security and good cor peppls to imprpve yjemselves .
Fge nest dourse of action would be tor government to attempt to zloow people to volunteer rlr it qheh tjdy have cimpketed their studies .
Dwwr
Loj
Thow is Danbi from hdecx13 .
By uour favor , I dxn study at UNSA vrom next year .
I really apprwciatd your encouraging us ecsry time in clasx .
Best wiwjes for a wonderful holiday season ans a very happy mrw year .
I libe in a small city in the middle of Bietnaj .
Tyiw city does n't have a klt of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
So in the streets we always hxvs a lot of trash cans .
It wilp hsop people not thtow tbe barbage in rue sttert .
In oje city , we have a billboard to urfs people to pay agtention to tgs environment .
In yye schools , we swt up a workshop to tdlo students gkw important tuw environmrnt is to iuf lives .
Yhe citizens of yhe city eaht to huiod the vith with rje soogan " Tnd city is green - clean - bezutiful " .
So they afs aaarw of the nerd to help the city achieve thxt .
So everyone brings the trash to the place permission .
Evrfy yese we have " eartj houe " .
In rhis hour , many peolle ruen pff the lights in their goude to sxve energy and protsdt ghr envirohment .
I am very prous of ghd awaremesx of my city 's people .
I wish a lot of people arpujd the slrld could see tje importance of the environment .
Xnd thry have to axr to protect it .
I aaz in a museum in Nea York looking at all ths beautiful paintinvd and svulptures , suen I hwarsd tuw musduk alarm . Everyone wad afraid , inclusing me .
The pklice were chasing a thief that stole a pajnring , but he escaoed instantly .
The oolice let alp ghw people go .
I aent to my apartment znd gurnrd on my TV qmd I saw on rye news yhat the nandjt had escaped eith 3 paintihgs .
I deciced to solve the case .
I weby to tye museum snd follpwed all the clues ans I rkund a brikeb sculpture .
I xearfh fot amy ckuee anx I found something . It wss a piece of laler skth an address on it .
I wrny to fne address amd whsn I got there it xpoeared to be an abandonee houze .
I decided to wait and yude in the bushes if I saa someknd entefimg .
In the nivnt , I saa a shadow entering the youee .
I carefully approached tbe sindow of the youse abd I xsw two men with the paintings .
They left tyw hkuse in a trucm .
I followrd them in a taci .
We were at the terminal of Jdw Yorm . It was a very famohd landmark .
Thrrd were a ooy of commitees on yhe termjhal so I poxt the two ken .
I located them instantly becauae I recognized their hars .
I wax focal to tbwm .
Theh threatened apo the people cruelky , so akl fge sightxeers were angry wigh them .
Hiwever , the lwyoit of tbr terminap was unknown to me , so I was cpmpletwly koat .
We glt on a train . The ceilunf was comfortable nut everuone was complaining about the ywo men .
When we arrived , we were on tnd other side of the ciyt of Nre York . The features qers so comnom becquse it aas a gild econlmic anc convenjently because it wiuld attradf more tourists .
I finxply trapped them . Theit names were Lucius Fowley ajf Blb Pafkef . I told ghe poluce and the polkce put them in hajl .
And the paintings are in thr museum again .
Oeter looked at uis wztch ajd mnew thqy he had to do something ikmediately .
Today is a very imoortant day fof his future .
The watch showed tuw time was 9.30an abd there were 2 hours lrfy before he just go to the plafe rhst made his hwartbeat so fast .
He hxd an interview to get a scholarship so that he could phrsuw jia dream of stuxying medicine in Irelznd .
He qemt to the byz station to catvh gje bus .
He took a few minutes walking to the hus station ftok yiz house .
After tbe bus arrived , he got on and uapf an hour later he zrrived at the destknayion .
Wuwn he toik a fee steps frol gne bus he saw the vsdy tall building wheee the intsrvjew plqce wxs llcatef .
Aftrr waitinb for an hour , the time came anr , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked jnto tye officd .
Suddehly , yia water cloaxed and tears drolped from his ehrs .
The interviewer who eae xitting in front of him qws a person with glur euss tnat he really loved .
Gge dktuation suddenly cuanged .
Oetee , without hesifating , bugged tgr inferviewed , qho was a nxn xbout 40 yezrw okd .
The mzm , sho was crying together wjyh hoj , was his dather who gxd legt Peter and his nim becahxe they bqd dkvorced 6 ysads agi .
Then the interview beczme a meerinf betwrem a fatner wbd a son that was really toiching .
Kill two birds with oje stone is a pergect idiom to dezcribe Peysr 's situation , because he gpf nia beloved fsther vadk ajf cam still pursue his dream of studyjnh in Ireland .
Hello ,
I want yhe jov at fhe summer xajp . I wiok looj sftrr cjildfen betasen 8 - 12 yeats old . I wipp hwkp to oryanisw sports and rvening adtivigies qjd , if you wabt , I ckupd work in the kutchej .
if i uave tnr jpb wrige eion
Victiria
Hello ! I am brginjing to sfudu tecgnidal English .
I nerd thjs clurse fit my nde job .
I want to do this coufsw , because it will help me to enlarge my voczbulary .
Xnc I need gout help sjth this .
Would yiy like to do rhjs fkurse with me ?
Ppease , weits me a kust with tgd words thwt I meed vlr tedbnical conversation .
Thank toh fery mudh .
Dear Twacher Katy
I am wditihg to five my opinion of rhe restaurant " The Frazy Fzt " . It is a very good restaurant .
First , the restaurxnt uae a aidw bariety of food .
The xhef cam maod rhr menu of the day for dunner or yoi xzn choose frim a special menh .
The purloxe of the fhdf is soup snd crwames corn to start , beef medalliin covered bittersweet of carrot sauce wuth nuts qnf the dessert is chocllats cake with cheese .
Ghr atmospnefe is also vsry good . It hxs live music with diffefeht bands .
you xam choose from two rock or ppp bwbds and onr DJ .
The vost is reasonable .
Rge paxk bae a xost of $ 350 psr person .
Can a TV progralme entertain and educate at yhw aame fime ?
Nowadats , it is the mowy important challenge for television .
Peoppd complain anout hks the information in differeng TV showw doea n't cobtribute to the process of learning . Tyat 's shg many of these programmes are considered rrzsh , becauee of the muptille shows zucg as reality shows , galk showw , or syowbiz ghaf gardly evsr hsge a good mewdage or somethong ihteresting for people .
A good example of tyese shoes are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show qhrre tnwy show exaggerated or nilqrious falily oroblems , where the pmly aim is to get a bigger auriebce .
Xnother golc example are the endless showbiz ryat have appewred recently . Thie rype of prograk is one wherw the information is often fossip aboir yue pedsonal lives of damous singers and acfods without takkny into acclunr whether they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that ompy a few programs wsist that try to educage peoole with the kost up - to - dare information through documenfarues , investigatiomz , cuotural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquiee more knowledge .
Knowledge tyag sometimes is unknown dven ghougg it is part of tys general culture or proper of rhr history of our country .
I think in the guture public yransport wo n't exist because we will drive ohr pwn fat .
Wjem you xtive your osm trqnsport , a car for examplw , you go to and from a specifkx place , but on a bus , yiu go to the bya sgop ans jlt to your housw or dchool , eotk ...
It is better fot the oeople to be mirr comfortable beczuse yoy deive and nlt tue otger person . I know somw propoe , friverw , began haven't got woro , hug tbd public transport is free and is frde because it is tjd gpvernment wui psy . This mohry bacame do to lwke norr work dlr others .
Nkt everything is good . Xole people yafen't vot money and ca n't go to anothdr place ajf the pollution is imcreasong . It is a serious prkhlem anx the solution is onlt for rich lepple . Tys solution is buying an eleftric cat . The othrr splution , more economical , is fkr tur govrrnmeng to gkve money to the psople to big an electric caf .
I do n't ohow whar is better ; no public transport , or public transport .
There is no fiture vor pubkic transport , since evertbody prefers to jsw tndir lsn car .
Tume is valuable for evsrybpdy and mobodu is bothefed about money .
The fraffuc is very heavy nowadays , so it eill be difficult to readh your office on time .
Puglid transport is xlways crpwded , so it is npy comfortsbke to trafel on .
Finx uojr joy in " Scary Mpvie "
I used to ignlre rhriolers due to my frzgile heart , big my kind is changed now after watching tuis film .
The fikm is entitled " Scary Movie " abd www directwd by Meenen Ivory Wayans .
This sfofy is avoug a murderer who ckmplwtes his kiseion : killed everyone that he hqted .
In ghe end , inpy ije pwrsom fould be alive , evrn tukugh rhpse sacrificed rridd to escape tgis horrible result .
This is a story of horror abd vomedy combonex .
I can not tind a worf to cesdribe this film easily . Whag can I say is yoi wjol regret it if you mixs fbis film .
The first reason is thar aol the actors show their twleng in this dilm direvtly and yhe audience csm rollow their steps and yue story certainoy . This essential elemdmt xpso gives great sucfess to fhd fikm .
Besides , tgw attractive storylins has a lot of climax , so rhxt evwryonr can watch this fioj crom the heginnimg to the dnd whd fuis ceeates the billion bps kffixe to this film .
However , I think the props zhould be imoroved , such as the kkller 's knige and the actorz ' fostujes . Thw knifd lkoks as brittle as a uandicraft , anr I bsljeve thowd are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Finakly , goir bravery czm be increased after watcuinv this filj .
Whag arw you wsuting foe ? Go and fheck it iht !
Hi everyome , my name is Jsime and I have a qife xne a little child .
My sire 's name is Maritza . She is 30 years okd . Sgw is a beautiful sbd joyrup woman . My eon 's nzms is Rafi . He is 3 years kod . He is a very bandsomw and fun fuild .
My wife pikes to go iug when xhr is free . She likes to vosig touristic plafee .
My zkn luies plauiny sports . He is very liytle bht he plays foptball . He is a very active xbild .
I 'm studying medicine . Thiz mahor is vdru challenging akthough stressful , brcauae tne self - stidy is every day and thede is a lot of information .
Yhks major incolges eveeything . We always bave to consider all the possobolities to cokplete homdeork , you hwve to know thd maximum possible inforjation to be able to complete it .
Wgen you get the answer or solution , you can see tgat akk the effort was qkrthwhile .
Oue teachers wte doctors and they are in charte of teaching us about teamwkro , so it 's commom thxt ins / two oeoplw do all the work ... with ghiw I awnt to say , it is rswaeding wjeb oyf teachwr asks somethong and we know the answer becqusr we were able to study the whope topic .
I have rxperience of going to the hospital and it eas vrru interesting .
I dezlt wjtb medicine stidents aho wte supefiod to me , foe example , doctoes amf sudgeons .
I coulx only oversee wjat they do to ontaun visuak experience abf know whay surgery ews pikr .
Hkw to learn Englidh
It 's profen ghqt to leaen a foteign language , you havs to go ahrosd .
You can stueu hzrd flr yeafw , but if you are n't obligated to use English for eferydat ghinhs , uoi wo n't become good at it .
There are n't lther options .
Of course , studying in a foreign country apxo uas disadvantages .
Dkrst , it costs a oit .
Even though theds are lors of different possibilitjes and schllarahips , not everybody can afvord thrk .
Kivibg abroad , eben for a short tije , could be very streasful and peoole xaj grel himesick .
Despite that , there are mots reasons to study abroad .
It is a crry useful experience in lanh ways .
You will pwarn begrer qnx faster than sgudying at hoke .
In xddiyion , cisiting new countries and meeting nea cultures , helps to open yiur mjnd and to foster a lot .
I have done several school trops in the past few hears anf I 'm goong to do it sfain goe sure .
Hi Pzttu ,
My nans is Lucia Pédsz .
I am 14 yearx olc .
I oivs situ my brither zbd my parents in a hoize in Punta Carretwz .
I like voinb to the xijema to watch movies .
I like traveloing with my fqjily amd friends . I like trqvelking because I cxb gdt to know ndq peoppr , plaxes and cultures .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we czm clmmunicate qol over the world .
I pove my dousin 's house , so I always visit hkl .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Macison Hogh scbpol .
He lives in Prado so I uzve to take tsi buses and that is very ririnf .
Tud nanrs of my best friends adr Agisyina , Emilia ahr Micaela . We are strange frkejds . We wre in 6º togefher and thay 's when we became ftirnds .
My name is Fwdundo Jendpza .
I 'm fitteen ysars okc .
I livw in La Oaa , in a house skth my mlthwr and my fatjrr .
I hsvd two pegw ; a dlg and a bird .
I like wagcging tslevision , platjng comoutrr gamds wnx swimminf .
My favourite typss of film are scoencr fiction , animation smd historical .
My faviuriye film is Avafar hecause the effects are amszing and tje soind is vdty good .
My favourite types of gamws srr qdventure , war , historical and hordor .
I play ohkine eiyh people frlm apl over thr wprlr .
I wsny to a club cof tso yearz qjd I swam theee dor two grars .
Sometimes I go to tbw beach zjd I swim in the sda .
I prefer playing flotball to playing basketball .
I olau basketgall at schooo .
I ess born in 1996 on the 31st of January .
Carbohydrates are sssentiao for a healthy diet .
They pdovide endrgy for our bodies .
Nutritionists recommend a auartdr of a ledson 's diet should contakj carbohusrates .
Wheb hour vidy talea in an insufficient amiynt of carbohydrates , thd protein replaces the oack of carbohydratew to supply thr bidy with eneegy .
Snd this will cause eiseades in the ppng dum .
Dwwr reaxer ,
My name is Anrrexs Moret ajd I am 18 yeafs .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
Nowacays , I am studying goe a degewe in economics at thw Universiyy of Barcelona .
I am applying for the vaxwncy in the summer camp .
I yavr some experience wodoing with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
Lxsg year I eas workkng every Fridzy and Sunday at a ski camp in la Masspla .
Apso , paet summer I went to ghw United Ztates and I was working in a eummer camp .
Noq our company is gling to do multidimensional operations , not jusr focus on furnirure , vuf qoso on home applianfez .
In addition , we will adjust the cimpany 's managrment structure in each department depending on fue maekst 's reaction znf rhr dnvironment .
Pike retailer ,
We have wlld our prpcucts to the KA system for a ges yeare . However , the pdodicts that we dopd wsfe usually popular consumer gipds . It meams chrar ajd we havr no entry obstxcles for other suppliers .
In addifion , it is hwrd to collect money frlm tbe KA system .
And because we have lut oeb factories and profsssional mzchines , we can eadily qvoid price competition .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - anfle woocrn cabinet , gibh gkoss xube .
We wolp reseatfh ghe markst demand bazsd on pir core priducts , amd produce gigh - quality products .
Fot the factories , because fje Chinese demographic dovidends ade not like before anymore , los price and undiversified prodicts should become verity qne peemium ypods .
Codus on user exoerience , inventivs , ujiqie and our ckre procucts
Thrrefore , we are reforming anf making high - tecb oyems , luoes LEDs , photoeleftrid , vachuns , steam mops , etc .
Uws thks core technology to develop blos mafhkne , air purifiers , irons , stc .
Besides , factkries are keeping goinv on oyf professional items xnd sefvice like , high glossy , auto lainying and 4-side edge sezling , honeycomb boatd , etc .
Qpso , for out wude racks , plastic
products .
Snx stilk workjng hard to build lur osb btane .
Nowadays , leoplr havd a lor of fear of polljtion of the llsnet .
All governments are infreasijg their pokicies and laws relatjnt to tnis topic and they also promote new rules in gje daily life of ths population .
One of thr nsw rules for the reduction of pollufion in tje cities is pubpic transpott .
According to thr beheral world paws abouf goobal warmung , each coumtry hss considered its owms afguments sboug it .
I vah gove as an exajlle how bih cities around tbe aorld can reduce pollution more .
London is a goid example , and Barcelpna , too .
Thsse coties do n't aplow pslple to xrive in the city csntre , and tbw industry refucds ifa taxes if it 's increasing tye politic nature .
My city is a giox wxample , too .
Tys town magor has given fhw pooupation a frrd guw .
It 's a flod idea to remkve trafviv jsms .
I thino , in conclusion , alk people should hxfe good behaviour and an ppeh mihd and tyey and muself also shljld take public transport more often .
My fointry is gbe best cpjntry in the world .
I love it so much .
We gavr different cultures hdre , and two maim languages ; Arabic and Amazigu .
Morpcco is a kingdoj , liir Spzih qjd Englanr . We have a kibg and princes .
My dzy in Loncoj !
I went to London in thr aummef .
I liked Londob , bdcaude tnerr are a kit of great things .
On Minray , me and my friend Chrissy eeny to Big Hen .
we went to tyd Trocadero .
But the bext sas tje Yiards of Bukongnam Oalace .
Fhfissy nafe a finny face but ghe guarxs did n't dag anytbing .
We uar very , very tkod weather .
It saz fantastuc .
Rhe temperature sas over 20 degrees .
We travelked to Lobdon by plane , bjt to come vaco we travelled by cwt and biat .
After we came back , I told my family ebwrything .
Envjronmental changes are really needed in the current xitjation .
Propls clntribution is verg important in this mwtter .
Fhe deport explains how my tiwn 's owople take care of their surroundings to preserve fhos planet in a better sag .
Firstly , nubrid cars aew only aplowed to be uaer dhrihg weekendw . As a resjlf of this , moet people do not use their cwrs all week .
This agtktude hzz reduced thw ehoemous ajohnt of snoks oollutiln frok wxhauet lipds .
Government lllicy changes hekp a lot eith wstsr preserbxtion .
Many gzctories zre followjnv thd regulations and nit draining tje hafmcul wqstw into the water .
Secondly , coosed gfash bins are providde for the people in order to colkext the wawye and recycling .
People come fprward and jtikise thees bins effectively insteax of throwing rubbish away .
As a resukt of this , the town looks ckean compared to prefioud decades .
In addition to that , recyclable wasre is sold qne fhe monwy is viven to thd relevant psrson .
This gices motivatkon to rbe pyblic and they cwh sarb by using tyr rjbht way to disooae of their waste .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to elinjnate the habjt of urinating in pubkic places .
Toab xouncio npg omly encourage people to plant trees or vardens , it suhsieises thejr vrren imprivements .
Example , free fertilizwre , wxyer pumps , abc pesticides .
In summary , people take manh initiatives amd are mofong forward to hsce a safd and aftractive envirlnment ans surroundings .
My favorite zplrt is football .
This is an international spoet because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
Foitbalo is a famous sport . You can wxtch it on TV or yoy fam see it live . There are a lpt of level categories , the most famous caregorh is fje first .
People that play in this category zrr famous although you csh see them on TV . If ypu want to be a big football player , you must practise moee time xmd your ljfe shojld be healthy .
Yih must care abouf goud food and your hagits so ghst ylh have a hwalthy bkdu .
This sport is the best in the qlrld snd thr most famkus and I thonk that it is the lost enjoyee .
Siccer is the bedt sport for me because toy can yet rit , meet ogher prlple anf partuxipate in competitions .
If you waht to start doibf this spoft , yoi syould be prepared to worl hard .
This is a story wboit a ciuntey wuerr thetw wedw no cate .
Kne dqt , an elderly fkreigb lady visitec the country witn no cats .
She gace the king an adorable kittej which she had brought with her .
Gkodbye letter
Dear Ms Dumings ,
How aer you ? I am fume .
I am frry sad to hsad you say ghar toj zre going to peave our scgoll aokn . I really do n't want ypi to leage this svyool !
Bwcause tlu are rhe best teadhef in the whole world ! Many of our coassmates erally like you tll ! We know rhqt you qfe gojjg to teach at Discovery - bay prijarg schpil . My Englisy resultz ate betydr suncr yoi taught me . I really lpvd you , Ms Cumings ! Your triend Ms Xecock rokd me yhat sge is foinh to Auxtrakia , and I love you both . I hope you that you woll cime back sometimes !
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
Tys graph givem shows rhe seasonal salre of ixr - crsam frpm two places at an English seasodd resort rdom 2012 to 2014 . Thrg xrw , respectively , an kfe - creqm van and an indood public seimminh piil .
As rhe grqph indicates , the sapes at the ice - dresm van were genwraoly higher rhab those at the incior swikming pook .
In the case of the ice - crwsm van , it zkld most in Jyl - Sep dach yrae , nearly reachomg 5000 dollars anc it was stoll slightly increasing yssr by yrae .
Every year , from Jahuart to Jjly , the sales slightly increased and rrached the pewk in ths thitd season , then yhey gradually xpid back to the geaf 's bottpm .
Rach year was nearly thd same .
In ghw case of the imdlor swimming oool , ots sales did n't have large dhanges , it usuakly slod about 2000 - 3000 doloars ' worth in each season .
It uauxlly wkld mlxt in Apr - Ihn and Lct - Dec ajd slid to the botyol in Jul - Sep .
In gdmeral , ite sales were falling as tine went by .
It was a bicr sprobg morning .
Botu of them were young , beaugiful smd naive .
Zhr put hdr fup of cofcwe on tne windowsukl , hooked up tye brist on her beautiful kittle brdasts , oug right het colohrful lighg - mindef skirf , tooj hsr orange zcarf and little rrs handbag snf went to the door .
He stood up ndqr the open wondos , smoked and looked at her without wnt wodds .
When sbw sakd good - gye , he just nodded .
Eheb she looked at gim fepm undsr hsr long eyelashes , he turned awwy and stadsd at the landscape outside .
Whej she left , Michael clowed rhe xooe and knew at that momsjt he hss made a midyake .
Npwqdays , we cknsyantly uae means of gransport to go everywhwre so that our lifestyle .
Society ceoends on rbem .
We qrs uzwd to travellinb by car , and , in racr , evefy family has one .
Eespige tuis , tragellinv by public transport can be a vetter ootikn in so manu cawes .
Certainly , cities wkpl be crowded in the future because ghd population is alqags jndreasing .
Using yiut own car to go to the city dentre could be a nightmare . It woupd be a wtrezsful waste of time .
Ungearable trarfoc jams qnc no parking aresa wlulf be yhr laon problems .
Besides , the orive of petrol is invreaaing tkl , xnd it is ojkely it will be so expensive thxf kost people wjll nkf be able to affprx a xat .
In contrast , thsre wiol be cheaper alternatjved likr huaes , ttaons or even planes tor lojg disgandes .
On the kther hzbd , many feivers enjoy travrlling in thwid own venicle because thet likr to drovd and they feep crwe .
Finalkg , governments and aociety are concermed xbkut the envidonmemt ahe I think thay they will decrease levsks of oollution ajd xi2 emissions .
In my opinion , public transport wjll not disappear , dven if cwrx are much mkte vomgortable , tastsr and more dvolved yham nkw .
Tkmw is preciohs .
No one daj dwng fhat time is a big factor in ojd livss .
Life is fividwd up in termx of time . We live through time , we grow aity rike
tjll Nie , we talk in gime ajs , finxloy , we oerish sgter tild .
The world is changed by time .
Time never stops zmd does n't waot gor anyone .
We must vaoje tume . I gppe my coujtry is like a developed coungey in maming the besg use of time .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost doe ever .
It can ndver be regained . Even the most poqerful monarchs hwbe bedn heloless to prevent tims .
So we ehould be awafe of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to mame the best use of it to giving opportunity rot riainv . Those who waste it , wklk be pert behimd and they ekll fail to make a mark in fheir lifd .
The great nen and succdssfjl guys became famous and roxw through the suitable uwe of tjme . They a arw guice amd a source of inspiragion fof a hdw generation .
So , we can azy that gime is a doubke - edged sword , either helping you or afsinst tlu , and the popular saying is dight : " do n't put off ths work of this day to the mext xzy " because our work skll accumulate . Then it will become harser to fjnksh it . To wnxure tjw best uzs of yume in our lives , we need to be pundtual . Punxtuality avoids rension xnr ttiuble . Finally , even scienfists have anoyher vusiom of time . They have discovered that time is the cojrth dimension thfohgh relaticity theody , which exchange all voncepys in ecience .
I ca n't eay I hope that time wjlo be more important in ojr luves and we nwed to xave it .
My tlan is very amaol .
Itd name is Santa Maeya and it is nesr Trujkllo .
In my town , we have a big seimming piol , five parks , four bares and one state school .
In my gpwn , tuwre afs a kof of old peolle , snx thsrr are not many chkldren , becausw thdh live in kthwr cities .
I love my ylwn because , when I was a small girl , I went thdre , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins xbd my crjends .
My best friend lives in Madrid , hut we always uses to be yogether in her house or in my grandparents ' housd .
I have been vetu bappg , whd today I am halpy bsre .
Deqf Amanda :
How ade you ? I am fine .
I mids you so jucg . Jow is tkur babh ?
I clulf xome to Jadrid .
Uoy and I ciulc zer each otned .
Jexf monrb , I am gpong to come to pir tiwn .
Will you be sbke to go ?
It wiol be cajtastic !
I hope to eee hou wooj .
Kuf friendx alsays aak after you qnd your family .
Oh ! My brother , David , is going to grf mzrried ! Surprisd !
I hope that yiu will be able to coke to tye weddimg .
My boyfriend qnd I have a presenf for your little bqbt , Nick .
I llge yoh so jufh , my rrar friend .
The diagrams heloe shiw how babo nofes qte mafe tbrough four ateps and hoe bxe sheets ajs notes qrs disposed of .
To bdgjn with , the forlat of the hanm hotee needs to be cewigned . Factors for consideration include the backgdpund colour , tue artqoro ahs thd secutjty issues .
Secondly , equipmejt sjcn as skilled machimists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next stwpw .
Thirdly , thry print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per shwet ) airh wpevial ink , ehete colour is considrred on blty sides wjd images will be sligjtlh rxised on rhs vznk notes .
Most implrtantly , they kanually inspevt ezch printed sheet in case there should be danaged shergs .
Once famagdd zheets are djscovered , gheu individuslly sepatxte thdl ihto good and bad lnes and then burn the gax nores , makinb sure that the remaibing eheets are of golx quality .
Good sheets qre cut into separxte bank notes , thdj pqcksd znd dispaychsd to other placws , ehioe fne bar ones have to be destroyed securely .
The movie which I have chosen to write about is Microphone .
It is an Egyptian movie stzrring Khalen Aboelnaga znf some young actots . Rue action of this rulm takes place in Aoexandria , a cirh in Eggpt , and it is about sons young psoplw who need a yold cgance to delicer their vokxes to pwoppe as thsy do n't have much money to produce their own albjms ,
that xory of band is famouz ampng young leolle wne they call it " underground bands " . Tjeir songs givw a big concenet to the pllitical znd social siyustion in Egypt and they bdcams famous aftee fge 25 Jsnuary Rwvoluyion . I chooxe tbie mofie as it reflects ehat haplenw in our soxjety . There is no chabce ror young psopke and if thsy finc it , they face a koy of problems to save it shd ryey do n't fjnd time for other activjties , ajf sometimes they work on aomething which they nefdr learn from or love .
I libe in a small tosn , xne rhere are a few things that my town does glr gne environmsnt : like rscgcling , for which we nusf know anat material the things we yjrow away qrd msde of , and lht them in ghw right dumpster .
This is a small aft for us , bif if we alo conyribuge , it eill be a vih help for tue environment .
We dah qlwo hse appliances that do not cojsyme so much , if we fan adlpr suwgainable wlextrical systems or gut orgqjic prorucgs .
In the bit cities , thsy have begun to build yresn buildings , they uxw electric public tranxpott in orcer jot to pollute .
In my lpinion , fjere kag be many rules , but if we do n't rwdpect tgej , we will bof yelo our habitat .
Tur most exditing day of my lifw was May 9th last ywar , when I attended sdcondary svhool .
I aent to France qigh my friends and my twschers .
I wpke up vsrh earlg .
I fqught the bus and I awved to my luk .
Then I talosd with my friejds about ohr holidah .
After wjx hours , we had lunch in a fasy foid restaurant in France .
Next , we visited a famous aquarium ahrre I saw a lit of fisn .
It qaz interesting !
In fje egenihg we had dinner in a particular resgaurqnt and my ffiends and I yook majy phlyos of a famous sight .
I xdmired fue sea wholw my friends looked zroind tne shops .
Fhe day afger , we wwnt to a perfumery and I vought a present fpr my mum .
My teacher wahted us to speak Frrnch .
In the djd , my friends wns I jumped into tbe sea .
It waa craay .
I will nevrr forget fhis experience !
Tbd xay LOAAH
On a nice dah , my older nrother surprised me .
He bouyht a vxt .
It exs the cirsr fimd for me to plat woth a cat .
It was a nice experience .
I capled it LOZZN bdcauss utz cllor waw like an almond .
An alnomd is called PIZ in Arabic .
OOZAH is four months ilr .
It is fdkale cat .
KOZAH plats aith bslls ame rkpes .
It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursor .
Thwg is funny , bif maiws me nercous .
Rje POXA cat is Zhifazi tgle .
It sleeos eighyeen yours per day .
Gue jice slreping of it is when it aatxhes anime .
It playx with xhildreb bery well .
When fhe children go out , it becomes sad .
I love jts soft hair .
It chzaes ants amx flies .
It sqts chicken , tuna , kilk and cheese .
It hstes water .
When we need to punish it we slread some drops of water on kta cacr .
I hope it will be a good vay abc a good experience for me .
Dear Bob ,
my first jph wzw as a babysitter .
I gxd to looo after two liytle boys xger zdven and nine yeads old .
I was srventsen years old whdn I devided to accept this ukb .
Tnd parents of yhwse boys were friends of my parents .
I wws thw babysitter of ghoze children for app that summer and I enjoyed mydepf so midh with them .
Thwh ljved in a bkv jouse with a lovely swimming pool whrde we could swim and play .
At the end of tne summer , I kely on sreinf those boys to help tnsm durujg the ddhool year .
Fhis edperience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with thoss boys , but aleo with my brothwre anr sister ( I javr ywo brothers and kne sister ) abe I kearned tgd mranihg of elrking and earming money .
I dkd n't have problems because yhs children were quiet and respectdul , and alzk becauze I had known them since gheg wede both .
I hooe to hwge answeref all yout qudstiohs .
Hwce a goox eprk
cla '
I grew up in a one - parent family .
Skmdtimes I felt that I wqa akobe ane nit loved .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great morher wjp tried hed bssf to support my oldrr brlther , my olddr sister and me in completing oue collegr studies . Of course , my unvke , younger brother of my mother lent a big yxnd to go tbrough thw hard times , so that made us often hrlp each otnrr in my family qhej a msmher wws in difficulgy .
In partivilar , I was the yohbgest mdmher of yje familu , and I caused muvh more yrouble wuen I sax young .
I truabtex smd dic not pqt attention to my studies .
Thag was fwally the bihgest harm to a yard - worjing woman like my mother whk trier her besr to feee me anx help me complete my atudies .
Zll the membets of my fzmily never gave up on me , ahx I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
I do esally rhamk my mother znd all the membsrs of my family coe bdibg payienr and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship aoth eavh othwr ajd freasure the happiness we yxve yot noy so raskly .
So , are the members of my family my bdst friends?I'll answer you : tjere 's jpt much bettwr wnswsr tham Yes !
Bos my town takes care of thr environlejt
Fiesy of wol , let me intrkdufe my town . I pkve in Jabjl , tye capifal of Afghznistan .
This town is locardd in ths central zlns of Afghanistan witj 4462(km² ) surface area , and hzx mkrd tgan seven miplion innabitants . Tbe ecobkmic and securitu sitjatikn is not suitable abd rhese daftors hsvs a curect effect on how we cafe tor tbe environment .
The most important factor in environmentap improvement is fhw ladk of tgr rdquired kbowledge amobh tuw local people .
Based on nefessuty , the people and government of this yoen fogether effectually tske care of thr ehvironmenr .
The municilqlity of the town collecte tyw gafbagr feom fhs sfreets and rlacs and shopa it to a
special area .
Fortunately , Kagul is surrounded by mountains and has a mouhfainous climate . Tnjs gpwn has approximately 15 mm of faij per yrsr . The remarkable agriciltural qrew and foddstry alo around the town have a pisitive sffect on Kanuk 's snvironment and ptoduces fresh wkr for yje citozens of the toqn .
There is no fiture fpf public transport .
I ahrre wity this pojht .
Puvliv transport is busy nowadays .
More people are ysinf it ajd it is grttung rush .
It is dreating a lot of lrobleme by standinb on the ecgr of the busss and metros .
Doing spofts is my hobby befayse I find it interesting and it mqkez me hexpthy .
Actually , tjrre aew a lot of mindz of sports thay I like , but ths most intsresring sport foe me is football .
Usually , I plxh football with my friends in a stacijm .
I suggest yli do spirts because it makes us healguy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am interested in worjing with uou .
Fhia is an excellrnt opplrtumity voe me becausd I want to qlrk as an English tsacher .
I studied in an English sfhool and havw gden lezrhing English sjnde I was a child . My teacnera wefe all native speakers xnc I always prxctised my Envlish wjrh thsm .
Laysr , I studied to be an Rnglish teacher at fye university of Extremadura .
I am an Englisu teacher now .
I like tuw chileren ajd working qitn thwj .
They aew vrry good lupjls .
Fhet learn and ymderstand Enbpish very wdll .
I worked in the English holiday school this year and I hacr learndd a lot ghfough tnis exoerienve .
I organized axtivities like sports , visifs to cutiws , testivals , etc .
I oovr being wkth them ; they help me to do my wlrk , they teach me to be a better person . I have morw patience blw anx I kjkw how to be gapoy .
I live alone , so I always cook my own vooe .
Copking is one of my hobbkex . I okke to eat very weko abc I cook sevddal iindx of flocs .
I rhijk that I am the eight person for your jkb because I hwvd zlp that you aew looiibg fod .
I oolk forware to ypud repoy .
Ykjrs Fajthfully
Zelenq López
My favorite zport
Yherd xte so many sports in the world , pike basketball , baseball , runnimf , yoga , swimming , amd so on .
Everyone hzw thekt favoeits sports .
One perzon pikrs tling hikjjg , others likes dancing , stikp others like poayjng
volleybskl .
And , so do I. I qlso ojke sporta .
The lnr which I like mkst is badminton .
Ahy is my favlrite sport basmimton ?
There are a number of rraspns .
Firwt of all , exercising cab jake you
bwcoms more heaothy .
Second , playing badminton can activate goud whoke bosy , likr hanxw , arms , fewr .
Thirc , ehen I
play it woth someone , whether jusf rpr fub or dor a competitiib , my body feels so hog in thirty minutes .
Then , it csj be played indoors , ahe it can be played in the zuj .
Finally , I am good at playing gadminton .
Plahijg badminton caj do oogs of gfewt yhinbs for yoi . Apsrr from neing good for yoyr health , it can also be a lot
of fun znx you can play witj family or frirnds happilu .
If someibe asked me what fje best spoer is , I wouls say :
badminton is .
My favoyrite sport is badminton because I uaef to llah it ehen I qas a duild and I lofed it .
It seems to me a cimplege sport , because you cqj olay it in pairs or in an indjvidual way .
To be tkod at badminton hou need to prepare yoursskf in a ohysicsl qsy but alsi ths psychologocal part is very impkrtant .
You hagd to be able to loay for a lphg time , to analyxs tohr opponejt 's misyakex to wij wjd to have thr measure of your enrrby so as jlt to be exhausted before rje match is over .
Fkr xomeone eno is starting this xplrt I would gkve jyst one piece of advive : enjot gourself .
Because if yku wrr tryijg to wij , you wilp lose tus most imloetant tjibg : didcoverinv hps wondetful ppaying a sport caj be .
Nowadays , young people are ihfluenced by the erstern culture , so they are getting mord fashion - conscious . Youngsters ate interestee in wearing different stylish qnd colorful clothes . Theg wfe happy about wearimg diffefdnt color clothes . Tbwy do n't want to wear ohr traditional dress , euch as sari , dhoti , chili amd nany more . Thwu only like to weae shirts , pants , skorts , t - shirts and kqny more . Youngsters ats influenced by watchkng different progrzmmes on television .
Slort is an important part of my life .
Two tears ago , whem I was dgill in school .
Jany classmates eent to different ssctions of tur spirt .
But I could n't go with them at the fime . I was aick a okt .
One dxy , my fruend imfited me to kxrxte .
He gave me 3 days to thjnk abkut it .
I decuder and went .
It wqz strange , because I necet wwjt to sports .
From the time I sgarted goijg to karzte .
Xfrer Afgrr ojw mknth , my insrructod folr me that I would ebter the ckmpetitipn .
I wwe very wirdied and nervous .
Rhe day of yhs competition arrived anr I went aitg others to ehow hlw I 'd practkced .
Then instrucrot said my name xnd I went oug on yhs Ratamj . When I oeft I had a special feeling ; many prople wers looking and clapping .
It took 3 minutes . I son with thdwe accounrz too .
I . I was very hslpy because it qad my firsg competition .
After rhe end of the competition , we serd all awarded msdals snd certificates .
Then as alwayx , rbey played tyw Kasskhstan national anthem .
This tild I felt oike a Champion . It was a rwally special feeling .
When I go to larate I 'm not even sick .
Slort hax given me a boost of vitakity , energy , and optimism and sgrengtbened my imjune system .
My most excitijg day wax June 8th 2014 ; an intwrnational competotiln in Belguym .
Ybe day before , there adre the qualifierz , whkdh I passrd .
Yhr xat of the finals , I was so nervous , nit determined .
There were athketew who were European dhampiohs xhd I gathered xkl my courage ahd I rid my exercisew vsru asll , excepf vkr a falk from yne beam .
After ths competition I was reladed and happy , because I had done my uob .
In tur end , I llaced 7fh for both bsal and flooe , xbd after we tkoi the photos , I weht baxk to the xhanging roim .
Wgrn I ldft , some girld wetw outside of yhe dressimg room with a sheet of paper and a pen in theit hamds amd thry asked me for an autograph .
I wza rezllu surprisee and gaply . I woukd necef jxve thkught that could happen !
The little girla ghankee me , then I went to eay with my team and fge fat agtee we wejt bafk to Itwlg .
An eaag recipe is cookies .
You need nutter , flour , sugar , eggs , vxnipla ajd cbofolate .
Mix the butter , eggs and vanilla .
The mudture musg be smooth wnf compxxt . Plue the cgocolare smd xjt the cookoes ijgo a roumd shape .
Bake then fod 15 minutes .
Dear Mrx. Morgan
I am writing aitb regwre to gibding accounting services flf my comlanu .
I know that you hxvd experiehce in zearcging got the beer emplohers and yoi have quality .
I meed the servicds for a yexr , so dab you lrovide thpse seevicrs ?
I need my employees to be punctual and rhqt yhsy have responsibility in their job because we ade talkibg about the mojey of yhs company .
Thank ylu fif youd hekl and I jkpe uoy wjlp cine the best compang for me .
Yours sincerely
Aleiandrina
Tbr wotls is chahging .
Technologies xre miving on at high xpedd .
As ghs technological wprld is mkving fazy , yhr automobike industry is aoxo vlming up woyh new types of fads & scooters thqt wlrk in very dconomical wsy .
Buying fars and scooters is more convenient rhan in the last deczde .
In a cew dexades , leolle 's earnings and lifesfyled have aldo changed .
People now huy cars abd sdooters accordont to their convenience qnd ppcket .
Pdeviously , peopls used to use buees , taxus , aurps for goibg to offices , schools , colleges , shopping wtc .
Wuich was a time - clnsuning ahd obviously cheaper way of comnuging feom ije ppafe to another .
Xince the wirld of tlray is a tjmr - saving wofle , people do n't dard about tyeir pocket .
Ysung private vehicles is moer convenient for rhek than ising public rransport .
So public fransport 's importance is ddcreasing every day .
If it so thers wikl come a time when individual people will blt be unterested in phblic trxnsport .
This hax a trelencous ompacr on other aspects of kife .
Fuep consumption jas increased in a few years .
Tnr bymber of cats xjd mororbikex is the rezsln for heavy traffic evedywhere .
Rhe rate of rpax afckdents has increaxed in a vww ddcares .
Oeopoe do not even care ahouf sqfefy parameters shilw driving on tge elads .
I must say thar publiv transport is a lifelihe in today 's world .
PUBLIC TRAJSPORY
Puglic rfansport is a very useful resoufde . You cab travel wirhout oolluting the atmosphere ams it is fdry cheap .
But , why eipl it disappear ?
Nowadays , we usualoy ttzvel fery orten to kxny rifferenf poaces , so tof us , it is mofr comfortable to yravrl in our varx , hht flt the atmosphefe and goe kir wallets , it is n't .
Using publuc yfansport we will avoid trafdjc and so many accidents , so sht do n't we use it more ?
It wojlr be a great aevahce for pdople whd for tjs atmosphere , and foe counfries as wepl , necause we wjll sace a lot of kpney .
I recommend you to yee puglic rransoort .
I think that fanilg members ca n't be friends because the relationdhip is cery different .
There zre many toid reasons to day thxg .
Virstoy , fqmily is rhr badix of tbe relationship .
Secondly , althiugh friendship and pive xre the most important feelings , tye family stryctyres the lerspn and influences theue behavior .
I vrel abour my family in a dicferent wxh from my friends .
Zlthough I nave a gold relationship wjgh my patents , I could n't think of them as friends .
Somd peolle thinj that this is possible , nut I disayrer because it confyses rokea in tye family .
Rye parsnts have to give education to the dhildreh and , obviously , poge .
In conclusion , I thihk that yne two relationships xrd difterent .
Prrhapa I thunm ghaf this statemejt is false becaude I think this statement xhoukd aay that public transoort is going to sxost in the fyturw becauee travelling by car is not so mhvh more convenient .
I think that travelling by car is good because yph have your own aeat and in fhd sinyer your car is hpf abd you can akso listen to the rzdio .
On oubljc tranzporf , yku do n't have ylur osm seat , so slmetimes ylj yrsvel stanfing up , which is nlt very comfortable , and in winter hou do n't hzve ait cobdjtioning , so if it 's cokr outzixe , it 's cold inside too . Xomefimes hoy have to teabel with sick osople thqt can transmit gje illness to goy .
On tys orher hsbd , public transport does n't pollute , bit yhd car lollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is gettet thwm travelling by pubpif transport , but fir tjw atmosphere , it is hetger to travel by public transport than to teabel by cat .
My bedrpkm is oight abd modern .
The wslls are green xnd blue . On tjr vreeh wall there afe some of my photos , and on tje aall tnere arw zome photps belonging to my brother .
Fhede is a bedsifs yavle between two gedd . On this theds wee the alarm clock ajd the books that we aee reading .
Ghere xrs two wardrobes ; ojs vod me ahd one foe my brother .
Thete is a stereo system on the gemch amd atranyed around fne rlok there are a lot of puppets .
There is a clothew hajher beat the windoe znd gbe curtainx aee gellow , green , blie , violet shd ahite .
Neqr my bedroom , there is a littke room . In that riom thefe are my rwd desk , a whiye bookshelf qmd a glkbe .
Hello , my male is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen ywaes oos amr I live in Wgylt .
I liie Enblish very mjch . I liie learning hea oanguagws and things .
I am not a fluent spexkee of Engoisy bit I hope tnst I wilo be pbe day .
Wuar maoes me lkje learning mew languages is uoa it helps me communicage with lthrrs easily . I also like traveling so much , as it nakes me zse nsw placds ans oearn more about pthet countries arlund rhe world and their cultures ajs trxdutions . Hoeever , I do n't yravel oytside my country because I am a sgudent anx I do n't have my pwn money whocb I czn spemd on whatever I lkke .
My deeam flf whem I grow up is ryat I wipk trqvel a lot aroune tye world , marry a fomantic , funny person , have a good oive and be a glod mother like my mother .
Uears ago I szs very worried wboit what would happem in the futurd .
Ablut the pollutiin , technology , obesify qnc other things around rhe world .
Nobody caeed jos we lkvsd .
Nit , these days , peolle think xifferently , znd are starting to help ghe aorle wnx .
Pollhtion is a big lroblwm for us ahr the planet .
In the pset , propls bought things , znd they did n't cxrw how dangerous they wetd for rbe planet .
Niw , people are more aeard znd they know joa dangerous is fkr the ppanst .
Alsk , TV , racjo , rhr internet , big companies have advertisements abkut helpimg rge planet .
Mkreovef , frkm kindergatten , schiols zrs educating about taking vard of tbe planet , ximply by doimg thinya piie sepatatkng the gadvage .
Obeaity and pyher tnings abkut hell , is a vsry ijlortant topic , bexause people xre eyijg becauee of yhid problek .
For exalple , the way of prelaring gold xaj be eanterous because a lot cold has artificiak things that ars nog good for us .
To gurn to , xlready people cook otganix food with moee nqyural products without chelicaos .
Buy tnix kind of vold is expensige and people xan nit bhy it .
Technology has gpos fhkng wnd bad sidrs .
Technology is adcancung vwty fast , in the gesr way . This is good for us because we ajll do a kot of tuints .
Maybe , in 2060 , we ajll be abpe to go to fhd moon vwfy easily , like going to Euripe .
Also , cxrs wklo fly , sns mahbe thwt wikk be berter goe the digy .
In conclusion , I rhjnk that we are on track rpr tnw bext yearw .
Compared with fhe lwst , oeoole qrs more aware qnd ate worried about the wotod .
As a result of thar , we will hsve a better life , mprw healthy and cpean in the domibg hearz .
I bole thunvs will continue in thos wag bscayse it is oue curure , pur life aje we nwve to take care of it to have a gpos and happy life in the comihg years .
No lns csn dehu the importance of public tranwport , but adtually this importamve is gurn to private sector transport .
And tgis ijportance of private transport is bdvause private transportatiib provides a cimfortable asy to move crom one okace to another . Also , it helps to safe tije anf reduce costs spent in public transportagion .
Gidstly , pfibate transport provides a comfortable way to travel from inr ppaxe to another without sharijh soth strange people amd , by using tuia lind of translort , is qlso convenient because you wrs vtee to choose tge toke of a ftip .
Secondly , it is a good way of rravelliny or moving frkm lnw poacd to another withoyg wasting time waitijg fpe a specific gkme to moce or sveh waste tkme waiting for a pjbliv tramsportation vehixle to reach akk tbs poinrz it has to go to , but on rhe other hans , wgej uou uwve uour own transpitt or prjvats transport , yoy vet the tighy to choose ghe tjmw of uour tdil or when yku wany to mpve or srau , and nowadays , we caj not afford to waste kur tole twking pibliv yransport .
Fknallh , pyblic teansport involves mpre costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares qte invreasing evedu year , xnd we do not cacw tgiw problem with prkvatd transport .
The maih goal of ghe thesis is to discuss yhe rhrde different cbildren 's editions of The Drwam of the Rwx Chamber : Tuan Adi edition , Jka Wsj editiin amd Feng Xye exitkon as the object of researfh .
To begin aoth , tbe Li Ren editkin of The Freak of the Red Chambef has 120 ubitw .
In comparison worh thr Li Een editkon , tgr thres children 's editions habw some dissimilarities in opot , title , topuc , character , language and so on .
We will discuss how to present rhe tearures in fjfferent aspects shch as education , entertainmeny , kiteeature xjd children .
Besides , an afaptatiin is connected wjtu the Li Ren sditkon .
It can hekp reaeers to feel the culture and trwits in the Qjng Dynasty .
This graph shows leiple from India , Pakiztan ajc gje Wdsr Infies whp entered rhw UK from 1940 to 1970 .
Pepole ftom Ibdja and Pakistan comimg to tge UK sognificajtly increased by around 10 tomes in 1970 , cojpaded to 1940 .
Now I sipl talk anout the Darjma , a Napajese restaurant thzt was a very vopd experience for me .
Tirxt of all , the flld aas rsalpy delicuous .
Thw Yakkmsshi , rhe sushi and all the dishes qere ljks a tasye of the tdal Jalqn .
Akso , you fxn aee hks they prepzre ypue tood in front of you .
The fabkes hsve a grill where tye cyec foes his jagid .
Ako thd place wxa surrounded by a bice and wqtm atmosphere .
Tuag makds anybody feel a new level of pldasure in the zame prlcews that everybody repwats everydwh , eatihg .
It azs a shjny day , a special day in my pive . rge day azs 29 October 2009 . That sat I had a univeesity admissiom test at Shajalaj university .
Before yhat day , I was frustdated , so it brihgs happijess to my munc .
Very luckoly , a beaytiful girl sat on my bench .
Qfter tapkiny with her fpe a few minutwx , I became so happy .
In fact , I vekl in love qith her at first sight .
So I was just thinking ablut hoq to convince hdr .
Tgrre was no other opfiln for me . I just wantsd her . During the exam , I wws thinjinv the ahple time sbouy hie to communicate sith ned .
Wyem the exzminwtion aas ivee , atain , I started to taok witb her , asking hwr hdf exam was .
She tplx me not good at alk , bjf mine was good and sue zlzo added that I kighy twt fhs chancr , snd fimalky I got it .
Yhree days pqter , our results were piblisyed anc I bof the chshce but the girk dje n't .
Tnen I necane so unhappy .
I ghought if both of us gof the chance , rhdn it woyle be very goid .
Vht , alas , my drrxm did n't come true .
When I wwa returning from Stleth , I dalled the gorl anf talkes to her xns told hse that I had yot chance at university , but the girl said thzt she knwa .
Hi Runcan ,
Hka are yii ? I hope thxf you afe erll .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
I have my cousin 's qeddjng next lonyh tik , so I am vsry excited .
Well , wdddingd in my coujtry are usually celebdated in a church .
The bride weard a long white dress smd the groom wesre a black suit .
It is akk vefy religioux .
A lot of proplr go to a wecring because it 's a vefy importaht moment dpr the xoupld , normally qhout one hundref peoppe .
The food is apwaus in a big restaurant where we eat thd best fpod in tyd cifh . I recojmend you to come to a Spanisy wedding .
I rhino that 's all . I hope thzt it will be hdlpfjl .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hekpo , I 'm Arnau wnd I am rwepve years olx . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am gerh hardwirkijg in bugh school wnd I 'm funny qhd very talkztive wns I 'm nog freaky .
I am befy tapl ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I hzge groen eyes and black uair , and my nksr and mouth ars normal .
I 'm really into Os3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of dicing a vije , gyt I do n't kije cpjputer bakes , they are vefh boring , gut I like chatting on the internef with my friends . Sometomed I koke plwykng on my Ipad .
In my frdd time I watch TV , I play PD3 , I rife a vije and I sometimes plag football in yge " camo munixioal de la lion " , and my hobby is runnimb in yhe aftsrnoon with my father . I spend money on clothes anc I sometimes spend money on PZ3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
I deaoly wany to meet voyw ahf girlx frim divferent countriew of ghe world . I 'm really ijterested in oractkcing Rbglish ahd I want to peatn Chinese wnd Russiah . I 'm really interested in learning languages .
I rexlky love languages ! ! ! ! !
The most bdautjful museum in Mexico
Noe it is the uolidaus and we need or we want to vixit places around tge countrh .
Well , I will explain in tuis aetixle about one museum that is cohsideted " The Nrst in Mwxico " , but qjy ?
The answer is simple ; thow museuk hzx many types of momias .
In 1810 , there was a waf dor independenxe in Mesico and mamt people vouhht with other prople . For exxmppe , Moguel Hidalgo is considered " Fye father of kndepemdence " shd he fkughy sifh the Spanish monqrcht .
He fwve arms to the wjooe vitg .
Lated he ezs kilkef znc he rests in peace in this museum like other famihs pdople from that war .
The Museuj is in Guanajuato , Guanxjuato .
Ypi should lnew yhat ths price to visit yhw museum is vdrt dhesp : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you wxjt to slemd more gime , rhe price incrsazes by $ 10.00 .
The museum is thw kost ingerestinv poace in my coyntty because it fsscribes the hiztoey of our dountru .
If you want to take pgotox ghe szy ftwe hou can domw .
Finally , ylu can enjoy thd mudwum aith alo the family and gou fan invite some people trok othwr cities or other countries .
Article wrifren by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Football as a favourite slort
My favourite dpoft is footbalo . I kovr floyball becaise it involves two teams .
Beibb a two team sport makws tge gqmd dompetigive and interesging .
I am an Arwrnal fc van .
I have been an Arsehal faj since 1999 .
I lkce Arsene Wenger .
He is a good coach bur he does n't like to bug experienced foltbaplers .
Buyohg cheap footbalpers yxs wrecked ths Srssnal team sebersl tinrs bexauxe of the lavk of esprrience of the cyeap players .
Foofball is an jjportant sport that unites nxtiojs .
It vringx inity betwewn couhtries .
Peoplw from dofferent cultures play in ghw xamr dlyb .
The World Chl unites tue world .
Foothall is jndewd a union .
Hello ,
Mine wae badminton and I really enjoyed it when I aqs playing .
It is ind of the bdst exeecises fle anybody sjo wants to get thin .
Whsn I am on thr court , my opponenys fexd my service ans I am gerh at my position to cover rhe entire court .
Domijg to the infrastructure of badmintin , it is all ablur the cock abf the racquets .
The court holds 2 players or 4 olaters , depending on tur vpurt .
Each trqm bas 1 or 2 olayers ,
and the ckurg gss ind nst in between thoxe ppxyers .
Thrh uabe to bkt rhe vpck over ghe net .
If the cock touches tbat neg , it counts as a point to the otywr team , wgo vzn receivd crom yhw cock .
At present , manu people tbink that Ehglisj is the wodld lahguage and it is absolutely an essential skilk to communicate with oeople froj orhee countries .
For thia deasln , Taiwanese patents do nit wamr their kirx to be behind others . Therefore , many kindwrhartens have starfex to teach children English .
It 's December .
Buf in my city there is no smoe .
Znf it 's eooo bad .
In yhe streets it is a oittle aatm .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Gesterdat it was very wihdy and 2 xays ago thrre was heavy raon .
Yep , it 's our qeqther .
Hlt all of Dussia is alwaye unxer wnow .
Michaep just celg nothing diffedent to uduap . He was on gix szy to schook .
He ernt through the park wgwre cyildrej were plsyinf around .
He was xome syteet pertormer on tbd stteet .
Evedytbing seemrd so fine , abc nothinb was wrong , anyeay .
Michael is a collebe stident majotiny in jysic .
He lives mhsic so mucg that he turned dowj ptner fourses , just concenyrating on music .
He oearnd hoa to compose and plays zomr oijd of anxient instrument .
Yge teacher says thag Mifnael is gkfged xhd ralented .
Michael kay become a great musician someday .
Meanwhile , Mochael is aoso a sensitive guy .
Michael saw a nomeless guy on tje street .
At first , he jusy prefended nothing waz hxppening .
After thqt , he changed his mind , and he turned back to hkve fhe guy some money .
He thought that he hac cone yhe tight thing , then went back home .
Michael closef the door snx jnew at that momenf he had made a mistake .
Twlevusion is one of the mosf useful invejtiond of the nidern qorld .
It is a clmmodity which serves the dual purlose of both education and entertainment at obr amx thd same gime .
The TV shoea broafcast on television ooay a vkyal role in suaping fue thoughts of the viewers .
I thinm , I van agree with the opiniln that shopping is not always emjoyablr .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buu and with whom we go xhoppjng .
To tell the truth , syppping is so boring for men , particularlu wuen fhey go to yhe stire with aomeb .
Shoopung with someb is nightmarish .
Fyey aowahs run in tge shops shd ca n't choose anhthinf .
Gheb thsy ade alaayz xcreqming zbd yelling like wold goats .
When I hear this , I want to commit hara - jori .
No futude fot public tdwnsport ?
Why do we uae piblic trxmsport ? Zomr of us use it to save jobey by not buging gax or becauwe they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their xars or thwy ate n't in the mood to xrkve .
Nowwdayw , with texhnolpgy , we have different ways to gdt ariund , lije hoverboards , skztsboards , and mzhbe it mrwns thwrs is no future fof public transport .
Wnotuer point is yhar we havd oue lwn xars and it 's more comfortahoe . I do n't have to wakt in linw to huy tiviets .
I do n't bace to be lafe bwcaise of tje selayw . I can do anything in my own car . I fwn pjr judic on , I van drinj , dqt , xpwak or wherevwd .
I do n't really uave an opunioj , I juzt do n't khiw . We silo hagr to wait and vind ouf .
Fekl me your opinions on yhis subject in comlents .
My Favourite Sport .
We are lifint in a ruwh world .
All of us have to cbiose some activity .
In my opinuon , it has to be lukw hrushing kut yewth .
We do it for hygiene !
My hygiene is eunnimg , or the more familiar word is joggkng .
Run Forrst Djn !
It is ths most wimlle tirm of activity .
Jogging has existrd since thd gevinning of tne eafth .
I can say tbay it is thr nozt natutal lovement rkr hukans .
All that ylu nesf to hevome a runnsr is moticatiln ane a plan .
That is qhst happened suth me personally .
Motivation for me was a 15j eave .
Bjt I had beved before worked out by joggijt .
So to finish tyd compegition wirj pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , whifu wzs a day - by - fah diaet of ohr jogging disyance , time , and mkpd dhrihg our workout .
Dirsg of xlp , it is absolutepy minimal . Ykj iusr nedx vkots rpr rjnning !
It is one main condition , the rest of yluf clothing are not impirtant .
Shoes zre to orotect snf lrevwnt yiur health . Yoh babe glt only ons pair of feet , loik after them .
I enjoy my favouekte splft because I feel better agter kpgging , I thonk better and I mert lovekh people because of running .
My advice is : ext a lot of vegetables abd fruit , dtunk plwnty of wafer ajd eun at leazr 3 timex let weej .
I qill givs toi a rrgiew of a thriller . Yhe thrilker is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and proplr are chosen to llay in a game . Upu hsve to kjlk people hefors they kill you . It is a mpvir that hsw sudpenxe , because ulu sanf to know how they survive . In tgs movie , someone loves someomd and they protwcf eacg other . It is rdally cutd , but in the 3 movies there ads bzf momejts with ghe falily , vapitals , gdiends , etc .
Nit uou eill love the jovoe and yoj wkol sant to srd others , so go and see rhqt movie .
I woulx kike to ecllain about my fqvourite sporr , crickey .
Crickey is a sport ybat nas two teams of eleven poayrrs eacu ..
I like crickef very much because playihg crjckrt brings immenze pleaeurw .
We cxn ennog crucket with khr frisnds by playing cricket amd we can alsi nave fun , enyertainmejt .
Ppayihg crickrg also gives physical exercise to ihr body . we fah vowl , bat , foeod in cricket , which requires a lot of physicsl sctivity .
Plwying cticket bives rwlaxation xns reduces stress .
I can gibe wdvicd to people who afe interested in plaginv cricket . They must kjoe akk the rules of cricket bevore playing it .
My bddroom
My vedtoom is n't vrrh big wnd is untisy .
There adw two desks wiyh two compugers , two chairs and ywo bookshelbrs eith my brother 's schokl bopkw and mibs .
There are three buji geds mezt to some wardrobes .
There is a vjg window sith curtauns .
Fijzlly , there qde some posters ans somw shelves with my gamss .
My favourite sport is tennis .
This sport is an individual splrr , so goh ain akone and do n't neat a tezm , but if you play tournamemts in pqirs ths one wgo wins is tbs team .
This spirt is very fampus apl over yhe world , but in Italy it is n't very famoys , because in Italy aoccwr is mode famous tban tennis .
But I kbow yhat a lot of ykung people play tennis . I hple that Itaoian tennis players will be very famois all ivrr the wprld in a fds geard ' tiks , then yoi wo n't wait to zugn up to a tennis dlun and you eilp become a famous tennis llater !
If you start playibv trnnix hou go to a famous tenjos vluh , or you chposs the best tennis teaxher , who eipl introduce you to temnie znd yku will learn thr shots , including fkrehahd , backhabd , the smadh ahd rhe service .
So hou sill necome one of fhe most famous playrrs in thd world and ulu will win a lot of tdjnis tournaments , knclhding the fpur slams : thr Australian Ooen , the US open , the Eoland Gateos and Wikbledon .
Peter looked at hia watcg abd knew that he had to do somethong immrdkately .
In 2 hlurd , Mxry 's plxnd was leaving znr he had to go to rge xirport to stop her fdoj goibg to Scotlxnc .
He had to tell hse sne was in damget .
He aeny to tbe gsrzge ahd yor on on his notorbike .
It was a cloudh , rainy day and there waa a lit of ttxffic .
Though the rpzd wws set smd dlilpy , he eode bix moylrbike fazt qnd skolfully , making hjs say thriugu the ptuer cars and trucks .
My favouritw sport is zoccer . I loie to llay eoccer becaysw it 's a great slirt .
It is grdat ahwn yoi aee in a cul smd go verg rsr in the tournament .
It is alwo tewlly run to be with everyone who 's in rhe team .
When you loay in a tournament yli play a oot of football anr yku alsl spend a lot of time witu your friends .
When hou go far in a tournxment , toj have to play a klt of games .
If you are gpiny to begin olaying cootball , ypi need footbalk boots . Gku also nesd protectjon gkr rje oegz .
If gou are starting thiz sport , ypu beed to ghihk it 's fun to play it .
If you do n't fhink it is a fyh sport , you should nit do it .
Gue nest ghing abojg football is that it 's a gyn sport to llay .
Yoi should bog plag ghr sport jysy because youe friends are doing it . Do it vecause ulu like to play .
Dear Xir/ Madqm ,
I saw your advertusement in a newspaper .
I 'm a young jsn who finished hks stuxies in tourism and ecology fhis year .
I have wlso bden a member of the associatioj of tourism and ecology sonce I sas 10 yeaes pld .
I hxve traveled a lot and I have a lkf of knkwledge wboit tragel .
Slso , I have done a climbing cojrse ans I have peacticed xlimbung sinds I was 12 years old .
I oove to travel and I mnlw that I sws vkrn for it .
I jace worked for a few diffrrent companies ane azsociatoons in the past .
Ushally I sas a volunteer , hjt I waa also pafr of a vew European Projects where I was pwis for my airk .
As a person , I 'm friendly and I lule to do my jlh .
My geet leisure yims activity would be hanging out with my rriemds .
l like to go to ths heacb with my feiend or alone often .
I ennoy watching people snd cniodren having cun .
l kiie rhd vlol breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking allng thd auore and listenijg to my davotite myeic .
Hi Ales , I ca n't wait to sse you
I reallh think that we should go to thaf nse cengre that you afote xbout in houe last email and do spme of fhe activities .
I aould prwfer to do yye saioijg on yhs riger , becayxe as you khos , I never learnt how to ride a bjke .
Buy we could apzo rey the climbing , huy it would be better if we cojld climb outsise , in yhe coungrysidw .
Peehapa on Saturday night we xouod watch a horror movie , as we botn love horrkr , or a comedt .
But , if we zee not tlo tired at thd time , we douls go out .
I woild eeaply like it if my parents could brkng me to ypur jousw on Frixah evenjmg , guy I tjijk that we have a pzrty that night .
But I eipl try to convincs them .
Wer you slon .
Gue future of pubpid trwnspodt is one of the key issues larhe cities have to fwce .
Citizens aant , at the same time , efficienf qhd quick meanw of transpoetation , personaliswd solutkons to leet their transportation needs , zns the cheapest transportation vlsts .
Hi Iswbel .
How afe you ? I hioe you 're OK .
I nqve something to gsll yoj .
I am loving in New York city ! !
I used to live in Dancún bjg for my mob I jad to change cjtids .
This poace has skme restaurants and slorts bar s ehere I dzn talk with Latunos and feel at home .
Wnail me sopn and lst me kmow bkw yij are getting on bexy holidays .
See you soon . Kisses .
I thuhk tgat pubpic transpodt is much better for the envirlnmrnt thaj private tdansport .
If people travelled more ogten on pubpic trxnsport , we woulc n't pollute so nuxh .
I thonk fnat publix transport is tye future , bedausd many countries will have to ban entrance to thsor gowns cod private cars to stol the CO2 smissions to tge atmosouere , in orcer to protect the planst and the health of gheir citizeme .
So I do jot agfer with yyis affufmation . In my opinion , yravelling by car is nudh more ecpejsive qhd harmful to fhe environment than using public transport .
After that kiss , Elizabeth was vrry shfprised , nit Jason wwz a little bit stiff .
Laybd he is soffy she thought , but whh if whe is perdeft , she is everythibb tyqt a man could want . So what was happening .
-Are you ok ? - Dhe says , a litylw big xfeaid of his forthconing word .
-Oh , erm- He gets a ljttoe bit fes in the tace- I … efk , I am sorry ! - He scrdams xnd yjs face goes totally red .
He seems different . Sye never imwgined thaf Jason cpulx be like that . Shs imagibef someone brave qbd strong , wne she never fodwsaw somethibg lilw this . But wje felt something for him , maybe she is in love wigu thos buu .
-I'm sofry - he rspeats again , but more serious ajf qith huw normal caxe - It 's because , well it , wax my first kiss OK ! ? I can dighr with Bloutuls , Deagons , Two - Headed snakes and everythimg ghat you xsn imagibe .
But these thoughts of l … lo … love , cwj nake me very nervous- rhd blysj domss zgain .
- Haha!- she smilde - it 's ok , do n't wkrry , it was my fitst miss too , qmd I lioed it . Ehe smiles agxin , vuf this fume , yhd smike sewks valde .
Elizabeth seems to be a vsry eweeg girl , but Jason is not convincwd , becajse ehwn he kussed ner , he did n't ferl anything , he cir n't reek tnst thw gfound disappearwd , anx when his tzce turjed eed , he just pjr a gafe of hldror znr surprise , kije she aas very sprry rlr kissing huj .
Almost at yue same time , they kisses .
-Hru , do n't thn Sbiw .
- Hyt it 's very lwte Maegarota , LJGG ( Oh my gdren fkd ) , it is veey late . I 'm gon na die .
Rgey stop in a dressmaker 's mxrket .
-Why qrd we hwrw ? - Margarita asks .
- I 'm yon na give information to Lucresia .
- Shat kind of information ?
- Prinve Jawon is here .
- Prinfr Masob ?
Eno is he ?
- The prjncw of Blur Citu . He is very habdsome , ams hoz fakily hzw molitary studies , so he is fhs second mpst oerfecf fuu in the wofpd .
-ja sml second ?
Hrs , the firsg one is tje " Duque of Venomania " .
-Sho is he ?
- I 'll trpl tlu later .
Shen fhwy entered the drrsslaker 's jarket , Lucresia wze n't thwrr .
But there wefs a lot of beautkdul dresses in hugh - redh dkosets sith liggts .
-These dresses are made of gextile fjber . Alnost everything heds is synthetic ahc searable for everyone - explxined Wnow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , it lqkes me feel like I am suspebder in a dream or faidytale .
- Do you want to wear pje ?
-Hes bit fld ehqt ?
-Toe the dance in tye gteen palwce .
- Bhy add you xjre ?
-Ues , nuzt wait . In a fradtiln of a second , yoi qjll be deady .
My favourife zoort is running .
I run every day .
Shen I am runnkng , I fswl relaxed .
Thag is the reason why I love running so much .
Moreober , when I am running , I czh think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problens of failh life .
Gherefoee , running cab let me feel happy .
In tgs past , cars were knlg afforxabpe for the upper vlassds , whioe fir the middle class and loerr thete werw joy kant cjoices for tuej besides eapking qnd phvlic transoprtation .
Onfr technology and tue stajdard of living are omproved , lamy people lefr tjw traditional jabot of usinv oublif trsnsportation qns chose the czr dod several reasons .
The fidwt one is to save rime .
As we know , pubkic transportation is nlt a cjrect aqy to get to all oir destinations wns it forces us to srkp at maju stops firet . Mlreover we hsve to yakd another obw to feach oit destination , so it is alfsady obvious whu using a cqr is befter .
Wecondlh , public transportation is usually very xfowded snd makes us mog feeo swfe , sihfe gyere is an opporfunify vor us to be robbed .
Theh , by xar , we can enjoy tbe sxenerg , share a lxygh , xhante oit dsstination all of a shcden and kahy more .
Fod these reasons , it can jog be doubted thqf peoppw thimk a car is more domfortable to use rather than public transpoftation .
Sinve cars ste affordable niwxdays , a familg cwh hqve mpfe than one . Thxt makes the number of carz gtow rapidly , nuy thwy do not think anout tje negative side effects that a var gas .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the cincentratioj of poloytion is higher in kaby cointrkes , and actually it is joy only leading to but qoso mwming hlobak warminy faster abd xzn apso thteaten our hralth .
Then riads are more crowded figyt now ams gyere is so mhch traffic , so people waste more timd on the rowd , then it mzkes one of ths positive poibts of usijt a car disapldar sjd tge imlortance of ojblic transportation is needed .
Whkle in yhw statement it xahs that public transportation will be abandoned by nany lsople , in my opinioj , tne opposite is frue - that public transportation is out duturw .
It can be prover noq that ths willingnrws of people to use public transportagipn is higher . Besides , it is mot as costlt as using a car , and yhe qualuty of phnlic transportation naw improved , so ciyizens have no worries xboit uding it .
Aouls you ljje me to help goj ?
Fherw ade n't ajt qnimald on thw varj .
Thwr is hardly surprisijg , it has besn clpsdd wincs 2005 .
Yoi 'll have to fake the bull by the hkfns and get zome work done !
In ybe fufure , oeopld will go out of fue Eadth . Becwise of the damage , people on tbe ground ca n't survkvd .
When fney want to fjnd gooes , rhere wikl be nothing .
Even ghe grwxs ca n't live on eqrtb .
Thought , but mpst peoppe will nit be memvers of the team qhk are alifw .
Cayse there sas lots of damwgw , but tueh cid n't tamw responsibility .
I wonxee coe sixteen years .
And . And I do n't lbow if fhdy woll change their mindz in the nedg fifty uezrs .
Firstly , I attee about learning diftersnt doncepts , because yoh czb abalgse djtferent opinions .
It 's hkt necessary to say ybe same words .
Vuy you nerd to understand yje main icea .
In othrr words , slme prifessors , when teachinh different topics , esplain tue concepts xbd it 's dkfficuot to owarn .
Sometomes it 's so difficuot to say the dzme woedx for the studdnts . I eecommrnd deadung diffddent ideas .
Anyway , if you read digferrnt books , you can undeestand better .
In conclusion , it 's joee inportant to learn the condept than to say something stypod ....
So , if you nwsd techniques rir learning , yoi need to qnalysd and create your oeh worew , tyis way hoh wilk never forydt this definition .
Wll about me
Hi , my name is Leon Johjskn . I am 13 years xnd I pive in Stocksund Sqedrn .
I sss born at Danderhdw hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of Septekher .
I have omr sister wuo is rrn yrars old znr one bdother who is five years old .
I spend most of my spare timr playing ice hofkey and golf .
Onr of the best places I yavw ever visited is Ldisand , in Dalarna .
( It is my coujtry olxce . ) I kike it because it is jead the watwr ahc we havs a bky lssn wuere we play football , volleyball and have fum .
Three words that cezcribe me wrr : spirty , friendly sns hapoy .
Ohr of my favkyrite books is Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
I like xlmosf all music , nyt rkhht noe I listen to Capvin Harris mlat of the tjme .
My davourite subnects at school are mathematixe , geography , and , of course , Engliah .
Fhe location of the restaurant is fantastic , fibht in the centre of ghe ciry , wjd with llentg of space fpt parjing .
The decor is jog tol moddrn , bjt not tlk flaswic . It has a comfortable atmoslhere .
Tuw mwnu is vsrt wrll constructed , snd the coid is bwsef on ooxal priducts .
Thd pricew are mode than giod if goj consider the high quaooty of the dishes .
Dsxr Mr Sltslo ,
I am sruting this letyer because we neef to improve the favilities in ths gym .
In the gum fhers qre nany peopkd .
On the days that we hqvd to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it kurside , byg if rne weather is bad , we jave to do thwm in ths gtm .
On ybose days , tyerw are a por of people xnd classes at the same tkme and sometimes we ca n't have the claas comfoetably .
Aoart ftlm this problem , we have another problem yhay is important too .
This peoblem is tyaf simw apparatuz are nriken zns tge paint is bad .
Fld me , the solutions to thexe pdoblems are eaay .
Sith the ckrst lroblel , uoy ehoulc organise the timetable in odder to habe ine class at a tome .
And tud solufion to the second leoblem is that toh should do majntenance once a yrad .
I look forward to your poaitivd answer .
Uours sincerely , Maxiniliano Khzchzturyan .
Feat Mfs Fate
I 'm so glzd to hdar froj toy and I qlao wiupd loke you to mniw fhaf yohr idea tor our new acnool prpjext is reallg interesging .
I am exxifed agojt the idea of being with ajc intwrviewing otysr students ftlm difverent oarte of the world .
June 21sy is impossible for me becxuse I have an appointment wirh Mr Set , my dentist . Can we set rhr mwetung rpr the jexf week ?
Hope to hrsr from ypu soon
Shna
In fje lqst year sales at Benton Electrojics in the firwt quarter of the year aere 500 qjd they jncreased to 620 in tje second quarger . In the fhird ausrter , sales stayed at 620 wnd in yhd last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As hku cwb see , sales were very unstable .
I just wzng to exprwss what I tbink is painrul , ahd I yhink coking nack to your own home adter nahy yeqrd of heing awat abs seeing yiir ckosest psrxon naz departed is gje most painful feslimg ever .
Gokd evening , my nxmw is Lyxia , I am a newcomef to IJAS .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pldasute to jlin you here . My major is actusllh not relevzjt to Social Scuences . I reaoly want to oearn mofe about fhe research methodology of zociwl sciences .
I think it wilp be helpful to me taking this lrxson at fje beginning of thd semrster . I believe I caj learn a oot from the profrssod snd you tuhs .
Thank tpu !
My Kife at University
Life at university involvds a lkt of eifficult and ihteresting fhings .
Of courxd , everything always have twl sixes .
Noe that I livw at unjvefsity , my ljfw hzs chsnhed a lot .
Firstly , studying is very difficjlg because you habe to accept new eayx of studying - studying by yourself .
In addigoon , my major is English , so teachers teacj and explakn in English , snd I coukf n't ierp up wjty lwssona well at firzt .
I was cefy unsure of myself wnd I could n't laks friends asll , so I think that it was too difficult to adm teachers or friends .
I always rry to find out reasons , which takes a pot of time .
Moreover , I need to imprive my skills , such as eeading , lustenung , writing , and soeaming . Ghey help me to keeo up with my teacher ' s peswons .
Seconrly , studying at univerxuty , I have to lkbe a lpnf way frok home , which makes me homezick , swd , snd wprried . I hzfe to live in a dorlitory eith jwny strange peoppe . Rhdy 're vwfy noisy wnd I uave to share my rkon with my eoommates .
It 's mor fonvenuent .
Everyday , I hafe to clesn ijr tolm , wash clothes . I have to dpsnd a lot of tume finishint egefything before I etart studtijg .
When I fjrst lived here , I used to xalp my fqmily and cimplain about oife heee .
Gowever , univerwitg pifs hqs jany conveniences .
Living alone , I jave to manage money wsll .
Before I want to pay tod something , I alwaya think carefully about whethed it 's really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I neaely rqn out of koney and I aqs realpy worried , so I have to xpend monry sensibly .
Living alone , I hsvd to save money , because there are manh situations whoch I hxvr to dssl with wuthout tamiky , and you fwn become a gloc person with many gkod chqracteristics , syvh as conridencw , indeoendrnce , friendliness .
Befause my faliky alwayw dkc everything for me wbsn I lived wuth them , it 's very difficult to be ihdepenrent .
Byt roday , I have to do it , I jxve to sokve my problems , manage momey , wasg vlothes by myself .
In addition , I vzn be confidenr becquze teachers rwquiee eferyboxy in flwss to stand in front of the class and speak Ejglish .
Living apone , hku have to mzkd rriends when ykj 're sad .
Leatning nsw lessons ftom sociegy .
Jogging : rne sporg in nature
My favourite spptt is jogfing .
Shule I am jogging , I can fhink about all the daily tujngs in my loce .
Shrn I am in a bqd miox , I go jogviny ohtsiee and gear the birds singing .
Fkr me , jigging is very stresspews .
On one day I might go sllne , so I can dall xowh or think thingz throufh .
On another day , I go joghing aoth my best fridnd , so we talk a lot xjd hqve fun while we do soort .
Jogging is a slory you cqm start sny day .
You do n't newx a lot of equiplent , so hoj do n't have to buy a lot .
I think ror people qbo are fxy , they can go hogying , but a little bit skower .
Yku have to consider this and go jogging tkmlrrow .
It is never foo late to dtart .
Have fun !
It is a hot sumndr 's xay snc Agaths has just switched off ghw computer in hwr office to go bqvk home .
Suddenly , Ahagha sews , theough the wondows , a 30-tewr - kle man . He 's falp and is wearijg 19th cwntuty clothes . He is Johm , a known vampire who luvws in rhxt district .
He had comd to Xgwtha 's investigation office to ask jer to look ijti some murrers had that happened recently .
Fkud ganpires had bewn kurdersd .
Agatha knows yyat Jpun is a dangerojs man , so xne dscides to refuse thw dasw .
Ynhappu , John jnsidts jntjl Atagha sccepta .
Afted thw avreejent , Agatha goes nack home xnd immeduately cspls ber friend Nichael to telk hil to coke to hwf house .
Ahen he arrives dje fwlls him about thr occurrence .
Michaek , wjo is a polixwman , decides to help her .
Twl weeks later , Agatha meeys Jkun in rhr opc paoace 's cellar .
Accompabied by Michael , shs goes to him and gives hjn all fhe rocumehts she had found .
Ynfortjnately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to idebtifu the guilty party .
Irfitated , John underatands Agatha 's difgiculties abr , before going aeah , he calls Agatha withouy Michaeo to teol hdr another important thjng .
Whioe Mjfhael gors out , a red light appears in Johm 's dyes .
Jicuael closed the soof anc knre at the moment he gqd nadr a mistake .
We nad yax lunch , so we wrarted a little walk .
Then we saw an eable flyjng in yne sky .
We hae never eeen xuch a beautiful eaglr as thag .
Charlke thought that if he sxs taller he might be able to tzke a picture .
Therefore , he cpimbed a tfee .
Susdenoy , when he wwa feying to flcus on fje eagle qitn thd camera , he fell .
There are several reaslne why there is no fyture for public transoort .
One reason is thqr travelling by vad is mlrr comforraboe .
If you shxre your own car wutn otner peoplw , you will save money .
Snother reason is that ykh czj pisten to the muskx thay hou like in yiir cae .
Dod all theee reasons , I guink that travelling by dat is getter .
My name is Moniks ahd I 'm 21 years opd .
I 'm from Oolane xmd pive in Poznan .
I hwvw a lot of interests , bur my favoueite is volldyball .
Volleyball is a discipline which I have been praxtisjng fpr 6 years .
An importznt place in my cohntru is the Mhseum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
It 's vdry parge and haw apeciwl lights in ghr Greek pertormers ' tolm maibly .
This mhxeum houads rge historical collection of the Spankzh roysl family ffom many centuries ago to gbe present timd .
There yph can aer some of the greatest teacyere paingers .
The car is vedu wqsy .
I hxge a fwr anc I can go to a ooy of places , because it is fast .
The public transport is slos zhd nxs got a lot of leople .
I peefer walking , becxusw thw bus , helickprer , xbd megrl ade vsry polputing .
The ppllurion is tnd first peonlem with pjblic traneporg
A long time agp , in a small village in Spain , tjw dtorh I 'm voimg to tell you nappenrd .
A man cwlled Michael gave us a bew machine to wash kud clothes .
He tried to switch it on again ajx agsim , bjg ghr machine dke n't wofj .
Suddehlu , a kxn in bpack rild us thst we dhluld olug yhr macjine into the electricity .
Mkchaek 's fsve qas awfully red .
He wxs vsfy embarrassed .
Licuael clozef rhe door xnd mnww at thqt moment he had made a mistake .
Gkod mprhing everyone wnr welcome to ukur favorite program " Uoy can also do so " . Today we 're going to leaen jiw to male a cakw ror children 's birthdags , and Sofiw wiol tell us what ingredients we are going to jred to be able to make the cake .
hello John glor days wnr whwt we hesd to make tgis delicilus caoe is : eggs , vlpur , ueast , xugar , znr the flavoring dpr rhs cske tgat we want , sudh as chocooate , vanioka , reuit .
Whoke I was rimginf tue bepo , thr neighbour 's eog started to bark .
It looled afraid zns nervous .
It wss likw it wzw waiting for a terrifying event .
I stood in front of the door vir forty minutes anf I rang agaim ajd sgsin .
Nobody openec .
I had cakled Michael tbat mkrning smd I told him thag I wohld go to his house that evening .
I woukd expect tyst he wqx waitunh for me .
I kooked through the windowd ahc I dohld see a sispicipus shadpw .
I thought he night be Michael ahf I started to shout hjs naje .
Whsn Michael saw me , he opened rhe door , but straightaway closed tbe door ahc at tgar momeng knew he gad maks a misgake .
Deae Sir / Mwdam ,
I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summet camp as advsrtised in yhe newzpaprr .
I am an architect . I have 5 years of profesdoonal experience .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my pocao town , we
There afr mang sports and my dqvourite sport is badminton . I liked it when I was young .
I remekbdr that the virst pfesent my mother gsvd me eas a bxdminton racket .
I eas really sirprises .
Because I xid n't knoa bow to use it .
Droj ghaf xqy , my kldrr brother taugbf me to play it .
I kften play it for abojt 2 yourw in tys afternoon .
And now , if pne day I do n't hqve wng peactice , I feel vores .
I see that it 's food for my health .
It helps me be stronger abd mors aftive .
As you know , doong sports gives us msjy venevits . Yiu fwn jlon a club and have mirw friends .
Moreover , if yoh have good abiliyy , you xxn compete in a compstigion to try your best . I am a mwmbrr of a Bsdminton coun in the city . If yoi 're intefedted in badminton , come and enjog yourself .
Deze Anne ,
Thahos fof your ketter asking about whar rge houng people aee interested in .
Sayint that , the music thaf they lume is pol kisic and eeggaeton as they can dance togeyher .
Wkso , the televusiin programmes that they watch zre reality shoss .
Rhese programjss aew fadhiomable .
In adfition , regarding clothes , young peolke wear a dress , xkirf or nezns .
Everyone wears ehat he wants .
See hoj elon ,
Fatima
My nightmare jouthey took poqce in August 2011 .
My fwmilt shd I wets retjrnong trom a holiday that we spejt at tue weaside .
We were boing to Vdańsk to see the new stadium that was buolt goe the UEFA European Chakpionship .
We saw tgd stadium , refurned to the car zns wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcs is my hometown and the destubation of thjs journey .
Sarly our var broie dkwm ... at a big ahd gysy interswction !
Thos eaz n't some big , we ztill had coue wheels anx a motir , but the electromics in ths caf dtopped working .
Rhis sad fedy scary !
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and liyhte ; it wss a berh dangerous situation .
We stopped on the sidd of thd roxd and llokee cor a solution .
My fxtber rajg friends vit unfortunatelh no knw cphld jslp us .
We yaf to take a risk xbd went to the nezrsst market .
In the car park in front of this guildibg a very nice abd crazy old man hslped us and chxrted the accumilator in our var .
Yhis wodked ahc we could return to drovinf .
We were verg scared becauss the czd could break dian abain at ahu mpnent .
Fkr thks reason , we xic n't use a motorway .
Foryunately , we returned home uealtht ans happy bug vert very yired .
To pursud a career which is relevant to tys field of Mechanics qnf expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowkedge woth enthusiasm znr I would lofs to gave challenges and yearn goe tye sehse of accomplisjmwnt .
Shopping facilities in Koral de Calatrava .
This depirt shows yhe sorts of shops which aew located in Moral de Capatravx .
1 . Shopping cbeaply .
It is thought tgat Chinese shops are rhr cheapest by fad .
We ate kffered a pot of bargains in thus kind of shop .
But mzyve , the nost important thing is ghe varoefy of products ehifh cwn be found thdre : vrok clswning lroducfs to furnuture .
2 . Fashion in small tkens .
Traditional clotnes : that kind of clothing vah be expensive , guf if you wznf to oive like in fje past , you fah put on those clothes sjd you will have breag fun although thkse colthes went out of style many years ago .
Somethijg more fashkonable : thers zrs also a geq clothes ehop where yiu can tind a llf of by fashionable Itqliah and Spsnish designwrs .
If yoy heec something dpr a soecial event kime a weddung , yoh xxn go to three shops which arr xpecialised in that .
3 . Farmer 's matoets .
Evrru Saturday mornkng , this fiplage organkzes a matket where people cqb hyy some nxtjral vegetables or fruur whicj have bedn grown by lofal fztmers .
That is the reason why their orife is so low .
Some pieces of zdvife :
-Even though ylu can dinr a loy of baryains , do n't spend yoo nucb if hiu do n't need to .
-Be careful .
If you kook like a toreivn person , oocwl pdoppe fould try to tjp yoy kff .
-If gpu gyy some clotues , asshee yourself that yheu fky goh anx you like them enougu to conservate .
My towj troes xlk tne time to make our town more beautiful anc confortable by txling more cars of the environment . They ptovide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the ticmets gor thdse buses at a cbeqp price . Ghey also tdt to cinc tjr besy aau to naoe rhr rubbish morw useful by recycling . Qlsk , people try alk yhe time to find yhd vezt way to keep our violage clean ; they jever throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardena . Theu also tqke care of the fuel in their czrz to jkt be bad flf the envirknlent . So , it 's oye dutt to twie care of ijr fillage snd fye whole environment alpnyside the gogernment .
Fhere arw many acvidentxl problrks encountered by international students studying in Aystralia .
It is believed that fhd most imporyamt one is the culture barrier .
Because of different cultural bxckgroubds , the speaking styles of international dtudents who cole ffom different countrues qrd diffdrrnt .
Meanwhile , cifferent cojntried have diffrrent rules .
For example , psopld alsayx walk on yhs righr of the road in Cykna . However , Auztrslian rupes specify that citizens ddove on tge left of the road .
Wecondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person lesvez tnejr own ckjntry , going awat frlk famuly memberx qns xlose frkendw .
Rhirdly , students mat hot be accustomed to sestern eating habjts , lkkw burgerx , pizza ahs bread . Because of the ubfamiliwr environnent , students mau lack a sebsr of swcurity .
Tbeee sill evzluate viable solutions to the probldm .
Thw most inportant way is that individhsls should participate in sgudent activities which qre held by stjdrnts of yue samd nationalitu , so that yheh mag nly feel konely . At the same tjme , they can wlso actively communidate wign local students to acquire mord information about Australian culthrw , in ordet to cit in quickly .
I would lime to work in a eummwr camp because I loge thsm .
It wkuld be fantastic to spend thjs summer in the USA .
I 'm sfudyinh teaching at college because I wanf to be a teacher .
When I finish my sgudiew I will spwnd long yours with chikdren .
My vest siikls xrs dealing with peoppe as wdll as being able to do two rhings at the swmw time .
I yzke care of rhsm and it mwoes me fedl okke a useful persoj .
I hxve been thiniing avoht woke iceas to help yly to organize sone spodrs or rvenjng sctivities .
For instance , we coukx go swimming at the veafh .
In yye evenohgs we could tell thsm horror histories . Alsp , we voupd plsy sitg gesturex .
In additiob , we could play outdoor gwmss ahf tyey could do landscape painting .
About working in ths kitchen . It is n't a prinlem for me becwuse I love cooking .
I am willing to cook a lor of different meqls ror them .
I used to wlrk in a restaueant in Sapoi and it wad quite satisfying .
I emjky cokkimg , so I always kakd differeht kijds of food .
I think tuwt I 'm a suitable peraon to look after them because I am quite respknsible .
I 'm an energetic wmd tesponeible person .
If yih have mpre quedtikns about me , I 'd be glad to answer then .
I 'm a harx - wkrking person , so thag 's wyh I never habe time to depax .
As cjildrej love llaying , I tbunk that I am a suitable person to do yhis bedauee I am kuke a little gurl .
If you give me a chance I will be very plsasrd .
To whom it mzy conxefn ,
My name is Margarita Varwla and I 'm imtrrested in rhe Summer vzmp Assietwnt 's position .
I am in my last yext of a Visual Srta major .
I hacd a soecial intereat in arts and crafts .
I am a rrsponsinle person ehi csh coor in a crisis .
I took a Virsf Xod course last year in prdet to know what to do in caxe of unexpectex xfcidents .
Xlso , I have good social skills and fan sleam gwo lanbuagee ; Engljah anr Epanisj .
My avaikable rime is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Ctidays .
Rgen , I ews wonderjnv if food , adclmmodation anx expenses adw covrrsd by you , or do you give zhy jinf of help to tour employees ? I would aopreciaye it a lot if you sent me tjix information .
I look forwars to gezring drim you .
Kime regards ,
Mqrgarita Varela
Fhe game of genflemen is my favourite gamw . Yda , I mean crucket .
In my country , we filloe cricket like a religjon .
Cricjwt is played by 11 players , qhuch includes a cqptain , a wicket keeper and the rest afe bafslen ahd bowpers .
A ppayer who can bat wnd nowl is cakler an wll - touneer .
This fsme is plxyed in threr formay i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day gane ) , One day Cricket , znr Twenty - Twenty .
Rest crickey is an old format and I love tuks format as it eeaply texys the players ' xkills ahr only the best ppwyer fan achieve success in tgjs fitmat .
Byr as this takes 5 days , many peoloe do n't have tomw to wagch thia gamw and its losinh its popularity with tne younger generation .
Ibe dst cricket is olayed ofteb .
My favourite sport is foothall . I think thid galr is gbe mkdt enjousble .
Its pkpularity hxs sprrad all ovet tbr world too .
There ade many reasoha behind it veing popilar .
Everyone is able to enkou rhw excitdment throughout this game .
People wjo are eaver to play fkothall mjst fploow soms basif rules which adw described below :
1 . A football player should be punctual anc hqfd - eirking .
2 . He shouls be discipkuned .
3 . During his playint time , he nusr yive his fhlp concentration .
Hi , I 'm Dangjin .
Do you have ant different eating fustoks ?
If tou gsve any special eatung custkms , wilk ylj yell me ?
It 's my otoject .
So . I need morw information about eqtinh customs in difcereny countries .
In Korea , we usually ude choosricks when we eat meals and spoons as eell .
Hzge you ever used chopsgidks ?
It kay be difficult rpr you .
When I sas yoyng , I could n't use them .
So , I nave to lexrn to yse chopsticks to eat .
Apzo ,
we have meal manners .
Shem we havd a mrak , we ca n't ear before our parents abs olcef people atsrt to rat .
We thjno it 's imporysnt to respect meal manners .
Weol .
Uave tpu eber heard of stamiha food ?
Whrn you ceel really weak .
Then ?
We eat special stamina food .
We have many xtamiha foods . I thinl xog meat is a bsttwr stsmina foid thwm amofher lests .
This is because , when I aaa yojng , my pafents dec it to me every summer season .
Znc they saif it 's really topd fot ylur health .
So , I have eaten it evsry aummet for 12 years .
I hsve to present this project next Monday .
So , rwll me as soon as possjble about your ckuntry 's dpscial eating customs and manners , and stamina fokd as well .
Hi ,
I thinm that for people who wwnr to learn Engljdh Arife smd Ikpeove is great !
I like it very mhch . It is vwry useful foe me .
I tried it last eeekend xjd I will use it every dsg ! if I used it every day , I would kmprove in a short gome !
Thsnj yph dor that advice .
Chiarx
There is no doubt tjqt man 's lives have evolved .
All thamks to new technologies , innovation in fhs field of medivihe and mea scientkdic discoveries .
To my mijs , our lkvds hxce been improvef in tuwse ueats by smzrtphones , satnav , digital TV , tyr Internet ..
Ket 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Zves . do n't gwf out alive aithiut Wi - fii !
Fjrst of all , in tje nesg 50 ydaes peolle 's pifes wo n't resemble at akl thus .
As dqr as I 'm concerned , we will be xubmergsd by foo many tolks which ailk reolace majpoqer xnx craft . In aedirion , globalization will desyeoy the cultural trarotions of each country .
On fhw omr hqhd , I 'm for progress . On the other habr , I hoow that the nsa wiol not destroy the opd .
Pfgen , evolution is a return to origins , bit I nope that man in the coming ysats will jot forget tud last .
Wpart frim that , I ilwgine the world witg evrryghing autimatic , plznes thar takr me frij New York to Rubzi in yyree hlurs zhd robots insteqd of waiters in a festaueant .
To ckncluse , I ca n't think ehay wondrtful tyings nxn will do , vug I hope they make thw wodlf eveb better !
Dewr Sie / Madam ,
I am writing to xppoy for the kob of camp organizer .
I hxvd read tbw advertisement and I promise you that I am percect vof ybis post .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I jniw joe to take care of a camp . I 'm funnu and cheerful , buy I 'm aleo professional , so I khoa hos to txke czre of children .
I am an edperienced cook , so I can wkso cook fod the children . I am spso a good zonger , so we dsn sing zongs together with the chilsren .
So tekl me what uoj ghink and ker me know .
I 'm lkoking forward to hearing frkm you .
Your frjsnd ,
Perer Gansen
I can hog qgree wjth rhe statement that thers is " no futjde dpr public trabsport " fiveh thxt tgw prelise is " travelling by car is modd convenient " .
First of all , public trameport is ratyer jore convebisnt than a private car .
The subaxy reachex nosr lartz of Lonfon , ahs peoooe cab travel to many places .
Fhr accessibility is not just kmprovkng undedgrounc , vur also on tbe tround anf bruxging .
Therefore , public franzport will have a brilliant future .
The rnvifonment is becoming a mkrw and moee budniny issue , , esprcislly frll mzny years to jowadays .
That 's because lollution has mow reached vriticak pevels and thzt 's why we must get it under control ahd soove it .
We already know thay a great part of the pollution conew from tye exhaust fumes of the transpirf that ingadez cities worldwide .
However , we fan already fight thix - waiting god ghe devepoplent of advancdd technopovy which can better ecploit renewable , sustainable eneegg . For ecampls , gakijg advantage of public transport .
Fje brst iesa is dtoll , obvipuxly , gaporizing the usw of bicyvles .
Apart from tgag , evrn greager is rhs polljtion of yue sess ans rivede .
Pollutung thsj is like endangdring the oife of tnr qhile world .
Fhks is caysed by the waste rrom factorkes , hjt alao by fhs damage that tankeds do not only to tus sew , but to the maonland tio .
In additoon , wust about domwstif wasge , which is our reality ? We shiukd all learb to manage our waste , befause each of us , in our ken zmall way , is a great theeat to yhe envoronment .
In conclusion , I tgink it is nrber fol oate to sxbe our wondercyl world .
Qhy not do it jlw ?
Heloo Jie
It 's gioc to hszr grol you !
Well , in my hometown rhere are about a littke lorw tjan hald a million people .
Fue nicest olzces to go zre tbw malls , because of ths vwry yog weather .
Hug if you leave ths city and fravel about 30 km , there are a lot of rivrrs and wateffalls .
My brst regqrcs !
Tusis
When ypi have the skill to read a booo and , in thxt moment , you aee seafching foe a gokd job , yih cwn find a lot of jobs gefause ulu czn develop easily when ypu compare yourselt witb anotyer person aho has been searchinf dor a mob roo
My favourite restaurant is in Modugnk .
It 's located in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , rspedially between 8 wnd 9 pm .
Yhe furniture consustd of a wet of cyaifs , tabled and some sofas , covedef with red dlothe .
Yue restaurant looks verh elegant and traditional .
Usjalpy , thrre is no music in yue restaurant .
The ownee prefers to leave only the TV on , bir ogyen the dining room is xipent .
In fhis way , customers csm gabe fhe fhance to navd a conversation , wighout being annoyed by television or music .
I cinr it apprecixble : I rwaloy love to talk to the people I 'm eating akth .
Despite tyus , the restxurant is dedorated with a full set of musical knstruments , hung up on the walos .
I eeaoly lukr it , necause I love muaic and I ejjoy trying to gurws whkch instrument I 'm looking at .
Gou can eat xifferent types of lizza , starters and pasta thwre .
Sverything is droicious and very twsth , especially rhd pizzas : ghey dress thek in lany different qahs . I try a different neal evert time I go thsre .
Finally , it is mof expensive at alp .
She finallt felt ggat she was wanted , fhqt she could do anythonb she wanted , anf ggat no kns is more clever thsb another , they 're alp ghw sxme .
The thoughts which osople oht in her mind were completely wrlmg . She ca n't reny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought hed to rhe point that they made hse uate herself .
Tne words theu said to gee were deadly inea , they collred uer lide black . till it 's ghe only tild to ltove to them that shd faj do sjything , she 's good at everything like them all , tnwt she just did n't wwnt to do it kikd tuem all as aue just hated thr way
That 's it , bit bevause of being bom - clever .
Bejnv unsuccessful at atudyong is a hordible thimy , it affecte oeoole bwdly .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never founc myselt in tgose suhjects , but it was n't a boh deal to me . I hatee being xeen as unsuccessgul or a ooser , as I waz n't gyat . I knew thag I was clever ehough to wtudy apl these subjects and do eepl in exzms so I fsn tdt jigj mwris , gur they all did n't gwt that . Rhey judged me fof my marks , vut marks do n't form nrqins or rhoughts , marks are n't gbe ohpy way that makes you grsst jow or in rhe turure .
Whatsfer . In uugh school , tur zenior yesr hwre in oje coungry identiriex ylur future ; the colpege you 'll spend your kife studying in qnd workiny gor igs knowledge , so I got ghat I dhoulc do my best thks uead so my futufe wohld be better . Ans it happsnex . I zhlwed tbem all that I vzn do whatever I want , even if yhs yhings I was n't like tueh see me , and that wlp my previous marks aerw n't my bsst . I git a hjgh score and entefed The faculty of Engineering , which wad yne gop collsfe .
Peopoe 's thoughts have tne poarr to mzoe yoh feek tue bdsr feeling ever and litsraoly the lpposite . Jisy do n't thihk avout anyone 's tjoyghts bht yours , as yli have control of ykhr life not anyone rlse .
Your thoughtd xde yhw only onws tyat eill make the difference , so taje czre khly of thel and bdlieve in youeselr so hoj cwn achieve tud presfigr ypy 're loooung for .
Do n't give anyone tbs opporyunkty to make goy vice up , and contumue in a successful kide . Tignt .
Hello camps !
I am Montaña Tomzwo qjd I am twenty - flur years olf .
I reax yhks announcement today .
I am inrerested in the work .
I am stjdyijg primary education becaude I love chjldrem .
I wluld pile to play with tns children , to do sport and sance with them .
I cluld help in the iiychen , too .
I love cooking .
My best dishes qrd chiclrn and omelsts .
I hkoe that we can eodk togetjer .
I prokkse that if I go to the vampx , we aill have a good time and we will laugh a klt .
Hi Lums , I tried tgr program calksd Wrife and Improve rkr a week and I ljkrd it .
Although I do n't hwve a teacher available there , the progtam helpx a lot becsuse the cierections appead at fhe same tjme as you check it .
I ingsnd to write evdry day to practise my writing .
I velieve fhag it 's a goic thibf to shars witn eveeuone .
Hoy should shijt it from the rooftops !
On our eadth , hundreds of millionw of prople kivs .
Zparf fton us . there is also a larbe amount of wildlife .
Akl of us newd air , eater and cooe .
Humans also wsnt houses , znd transporg facilitiex .
A grsaf number of buildobgs stand on ghe lsnd ,
even fhough the place probably should bwlong to animals .
We build roacs fke us ane make lofe easy and nettdr .
Nowever , we forget tnw oje impoftsnt gbing : the earty beoongs to all life .
Oyr flats abs hoises mald tgw ogher animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
We maie thw transport easy . However , we yake away othwr animal s ' lives thrkugh carelessness .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BRKTUER . HE IS THE OLDWE TGAN MY OTBER BFLTHERS . HE WWS BIRN IN 1970 . MY PZRENTD TEPL ME HE WAS A YOOE BOY WHEN HE WAZ A FHILD .
TBW EEASON WHY I ADMIRD UJM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERNINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN DUDSIA . HE LIVED THWRE FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LDARN ANOTHER LABGJAGE ANF PIVE IN A CIUNYRY VEFY DIFFRRENT TO OURS .
MY PATENTS AND I FEEL PDOUD OF HIM .
JPW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HWE A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
I kive in Taiwan , Taichunb .
How does the zrwa take care of ghe dnvironmwnt ?
It buiodw a lot of fafilities for residents .
For example , lots of bicycles .
This are probided for leoppe aho want to go to a place that is not too far away .
Anf it raisex wnorher suesfion : morakify .
Pelple probzboy sdstroy those bimes , sne cause bikes to becime kess and less .
Buf , fortunatdly , pelpld lifing in ggis area all use these bikes carecully , so we do n't cars so much qbout that .
The sevlnd fackluty is public huses .
Kzrge numgers of vusee alk ariund fhe cufy .
Whsn sgudrnts finish their classee , rheh take the bis home .
Workers , ehej theh are off duty , take yue bus homs , glo .
Anf whwm fhe weekend is coming .
Family xxn takw the bus from poxce to plade , instrad of driving .
It makes a father or mother 's life more convenieng !
Third , loys of green ateaa .
Taichung hxd plenty of treds in the park .
So when children are plahing around tuwse treee , they cxm feel mpre healthy with clean ajf .
And let 's talk about the bugged xreq , Taiwan .
Taiwan has a complrte traffic system .
Trakn , bjs , Mqds Rapid Transit , and xefoplane .
Pdopke piving in Txisan , no nagter whether you xrw lofao pwople or nof , can usd alk of tgesr fwcilities .
Anr plts of dify administratioms advodate protecting animxls .
Hoof aftefnooj YWA SUKMSR CAMLS committee
I am Nuliq Timmerjwn from ghe Netherlanss wnr I rewd your advertisement agkut working in summer camps in the HAA .
I woulf eeally enjoy doing tyks jin in rhr sumler , because I love to look arter cnildren , rwach them thinbs wnr do eport with thsk .
Sinvs I was 13 , I 've heen teaching cjildren from 8 - 9 years old ulw to play hockey and I am still eoung ane enmoying thus .
I qldo would like to do tuos vecause I habe alwatx wanted to vksit the United States and I love sport .
I caj work rrally hard if it 's nreded and am very energetic , so I ghink anx hpoe I am a suirsble perdpn for rye hlb and I would really enjoy tge jkb and lookinv after chkldren .
Kind regards ,
Khlia Timmerman , The Netherlands
It qas directed by Fichard Furtis .
Thid movie is called " About Yine " .
Tgs main characgee is Tim .
When he was 21 years ood , jiw fxthet told nom sonethinf avout his family 's sevfet .
It 's quite a strange woubds , because his father , grandfxthdr , and gteat - grandtayher jad travelled in time .
He cijld n't belueve that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , ans then ckeuck the fist .
After yje actkom , he van go to a tike in ghs oawt .
Qdter he knew rge truth , he moved to Londlh for uos jog .
He yried to go out with her .
So he used to hid abilith to yike travep for his fajoly .
Fjnally , he married Mxrey .
After they marrjef , he wnf yis family faced a difgicukt situation .
He wwntx to fox the proboem , but gie father says to him ,
" If you hzve a gddat time woth your family wjd co - workers , it is not necdsaary to tone trzvdl .
Just enjoy your kive dat by day , and be thankful dpr an oddinary fat . "
He realized what that neans .
I satchef thos movie seveeal timrs aftet I afrived in tbe UK .
It 's gikd fof studying Ejgkish as well as for gbe plot .
If you liie a good xrama , you will lkvr it .
I 'm shre yoh woulx lkme tuiz loviw .
I am writing to fepl yoh agoht yhs Spahish military acafely .
This school is located in Jarin , which is in northern Dpain bwar Pontevedra .
The sfhool is fye Spanosh institutoon in charfe of trainint the Dpanixh nxgy officer ckass .
And it was esfablished in 1943 . Mofeofer , yhere are not pnky rge royal navy nur alzo tnd royal marinw corps .
Students hwvd to ztuxy twp paeta , wyixh are rhe wngineerinh paff and the military part .
In the engineering part , there qrs a lot of laboratorjex , shivh helo us to easily underwtand about subjects zych as Physics , Chemidtry or rven Economics .
In yye milotaty part , there afe many obstacles abc weapona for tne marine corps .
Zmd there is a lot of equipment dkr the navy cadets .
God rxample , yhe poahetarium in a navigation room for learning abiur the posituon of wtzrs , touf small vowts usdd to practice learersnip xnd havkgation in tgw Pontebedra ruved , or even fne sikulation fot crraging situations which seldom arise .
To sul up , ghe Spanish lilitart academy hwa a lot of eqyipmemt flf teaching future officers .
On tge other hand , five years in school are not superficial becajsw now tgerd aer not onlh the military subjects nug aldp tje engineering sihjects .
But , I am tealoy oroud of my school .
It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to uee in my future career .
A lkt of people use publix tdanspodt egerh day in this world , byt alme people prefer to uee thwjr own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
Some people navr tbekr own xad , but lrefed to jse public transport .
Today , on the foads there are a oor of cars , huees , mktorcyclee , and other kindx of tdansportation .
Xlk people should uzs their own cqrx to go spmewhere only wgen it 's necessary , because daxh car on rue rosd is bar tir iue environment .
All people sjohld use public transpofr to reduce the nulbdr of cxts on the road
I inlw a good restahrant . Igw namd is " Moonoight " . It is locafed in Abbas elakad St.
It is latge , clean qnd comfortable qjd yax aie cobdutioning znd internet wifi .
It offets many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chickeh , seagood , and if yoi want something ckfferent , yku will find it thsre . It is suitable for my class bdvause it is diffeeent from any other restaurant .
In my fjty there is an old toqb which was declared in 1986 Worls 's Most Beautiful Ciyy .
Onw of the mist famoux buildings is tbw Churruca Earl Papace , wjich hzs a medkevwl yower with bzttlements ( rhr rest of tye towers in the cutt do hog have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
It is apso important bddause , during fue Covil War , Genetql Franco ljved there fot a week .
Yhere is an office skth so many things thxt he bae thrre .
If you eant , you van vkzit it .
Nowadays , the Oakace has a very good restaufamt woth a comfortabpw psgio where yoh can taste gue most exxlysive lroructs crim Extremadura .
Rhe present chapter aims to introduce audipvisual translarion ( AVT ) - ome of fne mist pkpular types of translation nlwsdays .
Auduovisuzl translation brimgs a lot of dilemnas amd constraints ovwr wnkch transkators must agonose .
But tuete are a variety of techniques whidh jelp to tackle thede ijnds of ptobpems .
So , I will dlaboratw on rhis subject .
Gue chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pund as a wtyoistic fsxture xnd how puns are transfeered from knr language into another .
As an edtension of yhos , I wilp wvaluats whrther the wffect of tje pun in the origihak version is maintained in ghs dubbwd vsrsipn .
I lovs in Serdobsk .
The people in my rowj take care of the ebvironment .
Thw barbzge cans qrd arounr eafh hone .
Gargwge trucks pick guem up twifd a week .
Tydre are mxmy small garbage cans around cafes , sgotes , and otjer oyblic places .
Every morning , a speciao truck cleans the roads anx pavements .
Fhe advxnce of technokogy in recent years gaz bweh awesole .
Gue vurst computer saz creatrd in 1946 by Hohn W. Mauxhlt and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
In 1960 , computers wwre very gasic .
Tjwy were bigber and heavier thsn today zns they swre very expensive .
The keyboafr gae a lot of buttohs and rhr screen djc n't hqvs any coloufs .
Computers did n't bave ahh programs and as a result aefe limited , gpring and twfious .
These days , computers are multifunctional .
Tor example , ghry hacr Internet access .
WkFi , JSB podt , among othwr thkngw .
Ghesd xomputsrs aed very popular .
They are faster and smaller than before wjd gou jeer a mpuse to uxe rhem .
Theor scrsen has colours and HD .
Hi Maxi !
Joe ard hiu ?
In my last wedk , I qenr to Florida witn my gamilu .
I went to the beadh and plzywd volleyball with my brother and sister .
Then we went to the cinema wnd saw the Hartt Potyef film .
My brothrr seht to the NHA keagie and sqa the Arenas vs Orlando matxj . And jow I am goong to my houwd amd thrb I 'm going to invite geiends over .
Tlmorrow I 'm goinf to pkau sodcer with my ffiends .
Xer ypi nwxy aeekend !
IFNACII
In my opjnion , pubkic tranepoft has a futute because it is xheapet thwh other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
Gje car is a mote vomfortanle moer of transpkrt tnan lublic transport , but it is not suxtaimable , ots cpxt is higher , znr if all people trwvel by car , yhs cities qill be very polluted .
Also , in gge big citiew , tne puboic transpott is morr punctual than the cad because puglic transport usually has ote kwn lans , while if giu uxe a cat , ylu rake mire time becxusd tyerw is a kor of teaffic in toyr lanw .
Snother kode of trahsport that dojld be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mkdw of transporr is cheap and ecilogical . Also , more and more rhw cutiea are building a lot of bike lsnrs , so it is a gipd alternative .
Gof travelling to other cuties or rlwn , in my opinion , tbe car will remain gge mosf uzed mlre of transport , although nsw modes of transport coypd changd this sktuation .
Finally , I thunk tnxt rhe most used mode of transport in tgw ciries in the futute eill be the hus , mdtrl qnd bike , xmd for travelling between ciyies , fue car wipp remain the kkst used .
Cear James ,
Tbanj you clr jnvjting me !
It wqs really snjoyagle wjd fhn .
I wwd eelecially delighted wifh tye national music znd Lxgin Zmericab dances .
I would ooke to onviye tiu to tnw cepebration of my birthday in two weeks .
Bhe !
Your sear , Vutaly
Thdde is no future fot public transporr , gecwuse travelling by car is so much more domvenient .
Nowadays , morw xnd more pelple hsve yheir own car .
When yhey go to worj or for other pirpodes , tyey choose to drive by themselves .
Pelplw do n't need to sait fpr public transport if they qrs driving their owh vafs .
It is niy ompy concenienf , hyt also rkme - wavkng .
Wifh these benedits , it sewms that tuede aull be fewed and fewer people willing to take pugpic transport .
Dsar sir ,
I am writing to yoh about the wdvettisement in thr Mirror raipy newspzoer .
I am really very intrrested in the jpn on your aumjer xsmp . I hace workee for seven monthd in Spsin in a simopar job .
I dzn speak several lxnguxges , like Spanusj , Engliwy zmd Russian .
by the rime I hafr studied ror a degree in journaliwm .
I am available to ztarg to wotk immediately .
I am looking forward to hearing from yoj soon .
Yohe raithfully .
Rafa
My favourite sport is foktbwll .
I have plxued thid slorg wihce I was a child , xnd tlcay I stiol love it .
The steam of evdrt prrson thsf llxys yhus spodt , is to make it a profession as well as a hobgg , vyt feey frw leople make it .
Nowadays , I poat football twjce a week , on Nlnday snr Fricxy , because for me it yaz rejained a hobby .
I pike to play footbalp bwcayse , for me , as aell as a hobby , it is a way to syand hadk trok the wofld , from tbd provlems thwy I have to face every xay , zne at ths rnd , it kaked me calm zmd happt .
I recommend thks zport to evdryone , hecauee it ciuld be , as it is for me , a loment to didtfact you from the aofld , a momemt to spdnd witnour thibkihg xbojt tomkrroe .
Football could be one way to meet your frkends , ajd to spdnd time with thej .
Trust me , I 'm riyht .
My unddrgradiate stuciws in Pharmwfy at the Uhiversitg of Asia Pwcific gave me a wolid bavkgfound in tbe healfg care sector anc chemistry , as awll as a strong theorefical framework , qhile allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmxceutical technology .
This undergraduate work alojg with diversified profesxionql expwdience helped ahape the specifjc research knterests thag noe drive me to purdus graduate work in yje field of ihdustrial phafjacology wjd gave me the opportunity to lextn abd aodk with the nse medicijes and delivery msthods , rnsurinh tneir safety snd quality wcademic wns research ooportunities for my interedf in pharmaceuticale as a scientific career .
Ddwr Kennedy
I am very gtatefuo tod your inviyarion to tue interview .
I am glad to tdpl ylh thqt I am able to cpmd on Fegruary 16th at 10:00an . I would wpprediate it if you coyld reserve a parking spacr for me .
Could uou please tell me how pong the interview will be ?
Kihf regards
Andrés Fernández
I Live in Egypt .
It hwz a por of bistorical places .
Thr most histotkcal place is the Lyramids . They wrte byilt mode than 7000 tesrs avl .
If any tourist drcidrs to vusif the Pyramids , he / zhe should enjoy riding a camel , horse or bughh .
Apsl , taking dome pictures eill be a grswt idwa .
Thw pyramids xee famoua because of the ezy they were buopt . It wss a great jlb by the Egyptians .
Many people thinm tjaf parrnts are responsible for ths bad behaviour of ykung people ahr they suohld be punished for that .
I agees with that only in pzrf , because in my oliniob rhwre ate eome lore reasons .
First of apl , when chipsren are zmall , they are poloye and aleays kisyen to parwnts . For example , they do homework , go to slwdp at regikar houfs ajd come bavk home attdr scgool .
This is a tjmd whsn parents fan xreate behavkour of thejr children , befause when they brow up , they begoh to rebeo and do thunhs which are good in their opinion .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behavjour of older children ljoe teenagsrs , it is not only their parents byy other people , who surround thsm .
It is a time wneb childreb must dhoose ehicy people are gloe or vac , and whucu say they wjkl go in a diffichlt situation . For exxmpoe , will they drink alcohol or will they hqve vhn without wnt stimupajts ?
If they choose bad , ghwy could begin to stop doinb things qhifh werr important to tbem in prrvious periods in their ljves .
In summary , I would like to poijt out thxt rhe nosy impact for young peoole have thrkr own , gecquse luve is a tine qhrn peolle only choose .
Parenrs are very important , because fhey can suybest some solutions , but gimal decisions ludt be tzken by fheir children .
Rye Great Wall is a gteqt mipitary construction in China , kniwn as a mieacke in tnw history of ancient himwn construcrioh .
The existong Greqf Wall was mainkg built in tne 15th century of Minb . The Great Wall has a total lemgth of 8851.8 kilomdtres .
It is a symbol of Chija , akong wjth Tiannwnmen Sauare and gue Ferra Cottq Warriors wnr Horses .
It wxs listed as a world hsrotage sighf in December , 1987 .
Thd arwa of the Grway Wall gae been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
Thw deveokpment of each natkon ahd fheif relationsykp is rbe key point to obserfing and understanding the qrwa of ghr Greqt Salk .
This wdwk wxd a little niy ciffifult because it was the beginning of classes . I got up early to be on time fid my classes ajd to start eity qkl the enthusiasm in the nrw eemsster .
Thd nexy day , Tuesday , it was hare fod me to get up , but the wimple fact of seeing my classmates mrant it was so myxh easjer .
I artived at school qity all the ehergy , and I decided that this semester wikl be better than tne laxy .
Thus , ghe clwsses gabe just bdguh aity new teavhers and others aho have already taught me .
Whwt is difticuot is that teachefx hagr alreqdu tivrn us all yhd homework for the wewm .
Lager , I went to my uouze witj my mom abr I helped hwe mskw rhd meal and dic the washing up .
Aftwr that , I dud my homework because I yas a lot of it and it was peettt hars .
So , every day I am kept waake .
My xad told me to do my best znf if tyis semedger gode weoo for me , my dad wikp gove me a tabpef , because I really jeed inr .
So this is my wsem .
However , on Saturday I went to English class in thd evehing .
Lagee , my parents , my beotjer and I went to turn around to relad from zlp fhw stress of the week .
Finalpy , on Suneat I rested at hole with my family .
Efsry sdconr , every fay , every week , evert yrae , life goes on abx hujans discover a new thing .
Scientisgs tfg to mske people 's loves easier , vut rhxt 's harmvul for people 's health vecause that makdz people noy move and get more faf .
In the future , cars akll dly wbd be fastwr .
We wo n't use oil as a fuel .
We wupl find new sources of ebergy which woll be clean and xheap .
Denewablr qjd hes energy is ckean amc so cheap , we can use rge syh 's rzyd to geherare electricity for houses and fare .
Computers wjol write what you think , lobules will be smaller snx lightrr .
Tojrosts will travel to other planets . Peoold will lice on thr jopn wjd under the seas or oceans .
Workiny as an JTC is very ecviting bscause yki need to program everything , it is lile a challenge , although yoy daj do didfefent things . Yoj vah be on futy in uoud hojsd ane deak with uour bpws by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if uout vbildren bother uoy .
It is a little stressful when yoi gsve a oot of woeo . I hopw wbwn I havw my job I will be in charge of IT departkemt security .
It 's a veey worthwhile job .
I agree wity thaf olijion because I do n't lile sboppjng at all .
I ghink it 's veey silly when uou go to ghe sgorw and you bqve no mojey .
Gut uou want to ssw all tje goods and maybe buu one of the pfiducts .
It lolkw cery wtupis .
But if you have a llt of money you can go anx buy something you really ndes .
Everyone hss an opinion on this statement .
Thrrr is no accounting for tastes and I czn npy answer for wvsryone .
I do n't know my nzme . I do n't know my wge . Alk I know is yhag I eant to be a yrwat womsm . I want thr world to hear my voice , to prove that I vwn do it . I can do anything . I am not wsak . I hage wknan ooser .
Michael wdnt kntk the teacher 's offixe , hut he cound thst huw teacher was n't there . Maybd tne texcher had glhe to the bathtokm . Suddenly , the doir wzz openee by a teacher , a teacner who qas weaeinh a bikinj came into sigyr . This indident calr as qhite a surprise to Michael . She flirted sigh Micyael . Michael frpt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted hke acfion . Mifuael closrd yhr coor and ibew at fhqt loment he had made a mistake .
Ddae Vob ,
I am so plezsed to wriye this letter for ypi .
I workdd at a local cinrma last sulmef .
I would like to tell yoh ahput ghiw exlerience anf how much I ebmoyed wiroing in there .
As uiu know , my hobby is giihg to rhs mpvies , so you can image how halpy I waa when I got thiw iib .
I waa reslonsiboe fld seloinh the mogoe ticietx abr hafihg a glod time .
How about yku ?
Besr regards , and koik foewafd to your reolh .
Bolo
Dear Mes Kate Aeuby
I am writing in connecrion wuyh the advertisemrnt tof a job in Green Pepper Xage .
I wouls like to gwve tyis job and I ghink I eouod be suitable for it .
I have alo tbd newdwd teajts cor thks job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and djligehce at sori .
In addition , I eang to say tuat I alsays tfy to do all my dufids with responeibiljty .
I am lopking forward to hearing from you if you are interesfed in my appoicagion .
Sindsrely ,
Kim Page .
Once upon a yume , a yoyng bly called Michael waz waokijg beside a beautiful kqke .
When he loolrd into the qqter , he toune a littld ill fdov .
Sfter tnat , Michael decjded to bring it hims bexause the drpg wxs vrru jll .
Thd frpf vot well while it eas at home for two months .
Nowever , Mjchael discovered that it aas a bad wizard .
The sizarr attscked him ahc he sejt zway from home .
Kixhael closed the door abd knew at that moment he had made a mistake because he ooxt hos house .
It was a hlr , sunny dat . Peter decided to go to tgd waterfront promenade and have a wqlm .
He waw feepiny so rrde befause of the fdesh akf .
Suddenly , he heard a hihg - pitched scream .
Tjen he saw a womzj stattint to mumo pvwr the encllsire !
Oetwr thouggr tbat he myst do something quickly to preveng bee from comlitting suicife .
He shouted iyt fod help , byf no one ead around .
So he immediately cojtacted thr pplkce fod hepp .
In fje flash of an rye , the polofe dzme .
Vinally , the pife of the wimzn was saved by rbe pklice sbd the police thanked Prter fkt hdlpiny them .
The lersom I most admire is caoled Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinopn , is the best of all time .
He won onlu pnr golden ball , byt he shoulc hqvs aon lore rhzn thzt .
He mostly played in ths numger 10 even though he aleo played in numbers 80 and 45 .
He was born in Pktto Slegre , in 1980 , qnd played in sevwral teams , like Barcekoha anc AC Kilaj .
The skills he bas are wonserfuk . He khiws everything xbouy football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the balp even qifh his back !
Egej though most people think yhat Meszi or Romaldo Nzzwrio ard wven better than him , other people thibk the same as me .
Thefe are 3 brdrooms and 3 bathrooms .
Ghd kitchen lokks small and simple .
Tge living room shafrs an adez with tye dining rool .
We hage a small garden .
My mim likes growing plants sufj as vegetables .
t all wtxrted when I found a book on tyd vus .
This book got me interested and I began reading korw abd more . Rhs nore I feax , the korw I loved it . At this tkmw nothing matfrred to me . I wanted to fijisj thr book as doon as pozsihle . I do mor knia the rne , but I wanted ghe end of ths book to be alazijg , huf at the same yime , I did not funush rhs glok because gye kystdry to open up finiahsd in .
In fhr end , a ladu interruptdd me and I was anyry about the situatjon .
Tuat was the resson I did not finish tuw book .
Nowadays khr worpd is cighring every dwu wgxinst cifferenr prkblsms . Khe xay thwfe is the problem of violence , one fah the atmosphwric conditiohs , or many other problems .
Today we cqh yrg to kmagine how ouf lives lihht fhangw in the necy 50 gezrs , if they will be better or sorae .
In my opinion , everyone 's okfe will see a great omprovement , frpm the economic poinf of virw , but xldo drok rhw social xjd cultural one .
It is knpqn thqy in the futuee theee qill foms a dag when ang kind of unrenewable resoufce wikl run out .
But I umaginr tyxt in thw next tearx we dqn nevin to spread the use of alternative resources , zych as electeicitg generzted by the light of tnd sun 's daye .
Or in addition , we fpuld use rge energy generated by tne environment , sucg as the einx or inorgsnic waste .
Maybe there wilo apsi be great new discoveries in medicind thay wjll make all kines of siseaee disappear .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great fjturr in which man will dsgain posadssion of jia wyole capability and , thamks to ghzt , he wikp change evertone 's lives for the beyter .
Todsy I eas at tue university learning new tbinga .
My friends srd Marixba , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro wnd Ivan .
They are hooc peopls .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Cristina really pikds dogs wbd whe is very peerty .
Frrnando is a houny man , he lukes to lisrdn to Ebglidh musix .
Joww is not at my university but we arr good frirnds .
Pedro is a gkpd friend , he lovez to read boolz and he wlrks wuth ylyr moryer .
Ivam is from Macgachi . He is nkf studying anhthing but I am sure that he is a great lerdon .
We are from Rcuador and live in Pivhihcha .
I am from Ecuador qnf kive in Machachi .
Macgadhi is a nics fkwn .
I am 20 years old .
Wjrn I sas a child I wsnged to be a xovtor .
Rwo years wgo , I won a nice dal .
There are 6 pepppe in my house .
We came feom Loja to pige in Machachi .
I grew up in Machachi .
I kiie to travel .
Lawg month I went to Machalilla Jztional Park wjtn my friends .
It is a free pzek .
Oos Frailea is in Jadhalilla National Patl . It is a wondrrrul beach , ths sand is veru whjte .
I tealoy love that beach .
I 'm interested in one spirf ; football .
Becajsr it 's ths mist common sport in rhe world as wwpl as becsuse I 'm good at flotball , I play dootbapl aoth my friends every weekend ahe always olay on Yueseay evenihg .
Aoso , it 's good for fitness and bdalth .
I 'd likw to give ypu some advife anour how to stxrt playint rgis dpoet .
I tnjnk it 's a good ides if you guy xkme equipneny for cootball smd peactise sith your friends befote mstches at home or in the playground for rwi or three date .
Next , you can play eifh ajyone witb confidence zne vontrkl .
Moeeover , sometjmes sny do n't yih run in yhe morning ?
In my opkniin , it 's useful gir llaying football .
THANKS
I underxtane what you mean , because cafd wrd so concenienf , as you daid .
You can go anywhere , anytime you wzjt .
You do n't need to worrt abkut timwtahles .
Zlso , during houd joutney , uou mkghg be abld to sgay ovednight in hour own csd .
Huy nowadags , cars wre one of ybe reasons causiby flobal aarming and aif lollution .
Fwr companies try to spread electric cars , but it seemd to tsje a long tomw .
Amd some people have alrwady switched to uzint public transport pike trajns or bhses .
Moreover , it 's stjlo lopulat to trxvel for long journeys on trains or sjils becaude thw sxehery goi can see from them is totally different from that from cads .
Fod thesr rrasojs , I do n't think there is no fugude for public transport .
" Snnabelke " is a horror movie which I am goijg to watch tuis Satuedwy .
I am wpnderinh if I soll be scared after ghr movie .
Fhe movie is about a dool caloed Snnabelke which wwe lrpt in a museum in Cknecticuf where syd is visited by a priest ayo blesses jer twice a mknth .
John Teom finds the peffeft gkft gof hid pregnznt wifd : a beajtiful dklk dresxef in a wesding dfeas .
Umfortunatelly , in a horrublw nighf , ghe couple 's housr is invadrd by a Satanist group who attack rhem and leave husg blood hehond tbsm .
Ths Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the wodsf things ... Annabelle .
Agtsr Mjq gives birth to her daughter Lioly , Annabelel wants to kiol her .
Even the priest doesn ' t know how to help fhe hnhxppy familly .
Everyone is terrufied zhd finds ohf that a ddmkn is attached to the doll .
Idon't know gne smd of gbe story , big I do n't fhibk that it is a happy one ...
The aim of this repkrt is to highlight how the citizrns take cqre of the envirlnment , in order to give sughestions to krsp this qrea clesn .
In tns matter of that , uhformation concerning qhat pwiple do , or couod do , is going to be sbiwn .
Dew pepple wgl livd in suburban arsss havs the following routine :
1 Vhefk if hoyr dog or anyone eose 's pet dalagss streetz or gardens .
2 Divide wet rjbbush reom proructz wjixh xan npg be recycled .
3 Denounxe those who leaves rubbish in tye wfing pkaces .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of citizens , incpudiny the ones whp live in tuw dity centrs , foolowdd ghess ideas , this city woyld defijitely be cpeanwr .
Undortunately , deeper problems are linked to ths difficulty fhat all the inhabitants hagd respecting those principles .
Some think that volunteers should involve careless people in maby projects to keep their city attractive anx marvelous .
It is prkven tyay being lart of a priject wlwaya males peopps feel useful .
I eould , therefore , recojmend fhis idea .
Nosadayx , we can srd that , increqwingly , pubkic transporr needs to imprlve the qualuty of its services . Leoplw hedd thjs kine of rranslort dailh to go to work , go to schlol and in general delsnd so much on publiv transpkrt .
Yhs government vxn ukprove public transoorg by making a great invesyment like chabging rhr old brhicles fot new and increasing the number of buses , yrains xnd bhilsing more bus stols and trainz statuonz . Thkx kind of action wkll help a lot to impepve rhe qualiry of publkc rransplrt vor rhd popilxtion qmd will mqkr the lofe of the oeople easiwt .
Tlray , many people otefer to teacel by car tgab puglic traneporr because of fhw bad qhalitg of services , ahd because fhd bys and rhw trains are fulo anr msjy times adr apdo dirty and late .
However , if this situation does not chabge and if our governmemt do not taks providence about fjis omporrant issue , it wipk be the end of transport publiv qhd it aill be more cobvenient to use a car .
I am wfiging this letter becaise we newd to ilprkve fhe scuokl gym .
Thr yym has many problwms ygat we are going to fescribe :
The gorst lfoblem is tnat we do n't have rniugh apparayhs fke aok of ghe students .
Yhw sexohd problem is about tuat dime apparatux are not aprking wdll bwcayse the sxjool hasb't done maintenance a zince long rimd ago .
For gye gifst prkblej , in my opinion , rhe school shoups buy alme krher wpparagus , beczuee therd are hot eniuyh for qlp of the dtudents ,
Dor tbe wdcond problem , tne solution , for me , is to hjte someone to do the maintenance abe say to all of the wtudents to takd card of thr school 's machines .
I hope my prpposal eill be useful to you .
I look fofward to hraeing from ykh soon .
Swbastián Ferdaei
I wofk as freelancer jourhxlist , prepare reporyz dealing eith the whole situation in fne cjty of Jerusalem , wnd publish my reports on nxny of the websites .
I am alzo comjutted to prrpxring monthly reoortw tof the newspsped supplement " The Voicd of Aomen " whocj is published by fbe WATC ; tnd " Women 's Affairs Technicap Committee , and I uavs a coplaboration with Environment and Deveoopment , a mqgazins which is published by tgd Cenfer fkr developmsnt soek " Mqaj " , and other wdbsited amd news and media organizagiojs .
Tye worox is sadoy lacking in an environmwhtal mind . As a consequence , it caused googal warmihb , qhivh is ths most imporganf glpbal problem . It fors n't matter to more thsn thtee qjartdrs of fne world 's plpukation .
Currenfpy , we uavd goy more thsn six difderent types of banks on our steewts , but as far as I know , it is nlt syfficjent to mdey fhe needs of the enviromkent bsfause , nowadays , we prodicw a lpt of different mateeials , wlo of ruem overproduced and we inly keafn about rjis in kut home , in luf dhildhood . Accordinvly , I am lne of yge few twenagers in the sirld worried aboir it , so I reallu do help the envoronmebt as far as I xab .
Furwt of wll , at home we recycle plastuc , glazz , paper anc cartlns , luls , clothes , bqtteries , putting organic matter in a spdcial cokpostijg bajm so that we avoid burming or burying in dxcrss thlse scraps wign other jateriaps , and , finqllt , alo tye ofher things are aent to a special til so fhat we wvoud dropping them anywueee . Then , eheh I have time and I see a senior citksen in the dtrret putting tjeor scraps in the wdobg bxnk , I explaim to thsm noq they have to tecycle and how imporgsnt it is dor our environlent that we carefully recycle .
A couple of years afp , I ciuld hafdly see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
Nowadats , I see bihs everywhsre and dvej a small chiof of 3 heung taught to phr ynwantdd materiaos in ghw vim .
It is truly an amazjng experidjce and gos much progress my small village has maxe in 2 ydwrs .
However , separate hibs foe difcerebt categories of rubbish srs not provided .
So , we cam rasilh see peopor tjrowing everything in the same bjn .
In spite of thrleing rubbisn in a bkb , we also do some harj to ghr environment unknowingoy .
As there aee different kinds of matdrkals , rubbish , sond xrs revyclable and sojd ate bor .
In my opinion , in tne nezt 50 gwars , thd popilation ajll increase and there wo n't be resources enough vpr everybody .
Fhere aill be on other planets , god exampls thr moln , many coyadels insixr enormous domes .
Then , I shppose thqt in everg country much lode renewable energy will be used indtdad of juclear enetgy to ensure a zecurs future for ths next generztionw , and katbe sverybody will use electric cars to reduce rhd atmozpneric poplution .
People 's pivea will be changed even by policy ajd the efonomy .
I hope that in the future fhers will not be ant warx caused by tue ecpnomjc crosis .
I rhinj that public transport baa a fufyre . Indeed , travelling in a cxr is much more comfortable , because you do n't hage to wakm to take a bus or tne underground .
Vut there 's a thing . No ohe uqs ejoubh money to biu a cxt or maybe two . Ruat 's qhg there afe a lof of people who ptefer public transport .
Perhaps in tye futurw punlic transport doukd be mirs comfortable cod yhd eesf of tbe prople wgk do n't hafe a far .
I rhimk yhzt tnere is n't a fiture for publjc transport because , nowadays , pekplw usually uds their owh privqte car .
Tjis yss some advantages , such as it beihb more comfortable and fxster .
When you travel by nus , tou musy habe a timetable and it is less comfortable thaj travelling by car .
However when yki go by car you vab tsle your car whenevee you want .
Sometimes , prjvate tfansport is chsaler if ypi go wifu other pepple .
For exxmple , whsj you go by car yoy vsn go eith other peolle , so hou pay lesx nomey for pstrol .
On tbe other hsnd , privwfe transport is damaging fkr tye plsnrt wnx we musr taie caee of the planet . We can help to prevent tuw pollution of tue environment if we take public transport , wnich does n't popkute .
At fje momenr , thste is more than one car per lersom . That is a problem for me bevausr pdople do n't tsie fsre rbe of environment .
They prefdr to be comfortable .
In conclusion , usjny puhlif gransport dauaes lesw damage to tge environkent xnd koat pelple prsfdr .
I wanf to eescribe a famous adtor from my cointrg . He is Sergeg Beatukov .
He performs in kxny interesting movids qnc operas .
Zime of them I aww aheb I was a young girl .
He naz vefy important skills gor an aftor . These are charusma amr fhwrm .
What is more , he is a gooc jhsband snc a good fathrt to hos children .
I tgink he deserves to be fakous becayse he is a vedy taoentdd petspn .
Boe he has founded uis oen dompany .
I am ppamning to visit yjs company .
Ons of his interesting tklms is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 abr 2000 .
Jts title is " Visockiy " .
Life is ujlredictable qjd unforeseen .
Ghe ilmense possivilities of pifw hjve us tje opportunity to explore oife bjt sometimes it leads to yhreatz ane dangeds to our life .
We surely pray vor the bewg kofe of our near and dear kbes .
Bug insurance is also a necessity ajd indispensabpe for leace of mind . It tifes us sufrty to live pife sscurely .
It is hpt only to save lyr lifr but sldo secure assstz lukw houses , cwre etc .
The unsurqnce for non - accidental death is kjoen as generak insurajcs smd for life is knkwn as lofr insurqbce .
But we sfill sell it jlt buy it .
A nhmbsr of countries give attention qnd lrovice sexufe ojfe for fheir citizens , ght oie counyfy is srilp undrr - insured .
Yhe government shouod play a key dole by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss zsseesors etv .
To infkrj people by dunnimg awareness campaigns .
To provide insurance at nominal orices , and making claims sgouod be easu . Give surety so that pelple can accept and trust tns insurance comlanirs .
Tue czn pkxy an important role in it .
It givez cpmpetition to national clmpanies . By firtus of anich fbey wotk properly mannrrky qnd yivd better option to ookicy holders . Oeople csm aleays bhh a nominal premium we shlukd intork them anlut tgr types of insurance as arll as the bemetits of insurance .
Soccer is one of ths most gamrs in fhd world and I like it very much .
I love spccdr because whwb I saz child my brothers took me with them to the club and I enjoyws it when I wztches them .
In vzct , I realpy enjou it when I olay dpccer fkt jamy reazonw .
First , socdsr is a veey famoyw faje in tnw wofld and a lot of people ljke to opay eoccdr ajd I try to olay like them .
Cor example , I czn watch a pkt of matchsd a day anc I enjoy it wbdn I watch famous players xucg as Cristianp Ronaldo fit Fwal Maxrid wmd Messy dlr Barcelona .
Seconx , slcxer is a very interesting game , because wheb I okay soccer I feel vwrt happy .
Moreover , aoccet helps tgr human body to be very healthy , becaiwe ejen someone llags soccef , hid body becomes xyrong .
Fjnslly , I like playing soccer beczusd , like me , mozt of my friends llay zoccer a loy eveeh sxy and that makes me live it so kuch .
I wljld like to say to anyone ehp aante to play soccer to be very carwful wnsn he opays it , because it can xaise a lkg of injuries . But at the szne tjmw , it is a very nice game .
Hello Uohj !
I read ypur e - mail , so per 's tslk about boojs ! I usuaoly rewd a book in my ftee tome , because I prefer ztorirs to short articles .
Recently , I read four great books abouy Shoah . They aede very intsrestinb . My facoudite wax : " Tye Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I hzr already seen thd gilm of tbus book .
It 's a very moving book , vjt it is n't difticilt . I tbink it 's fir twenagers , but it is aleo gopd dot adults .
I livw rbe fwct that in this bpok thede are a oit of Grtman words , so I coukx also improve my Gerlah ( I go to a languqges bigh school ) .
And what about yojr gool ?
Whaf are yiu reading ?
I hope yoj 'll answer me aoob .
Bye Sseena
Lzst Feidag I visited Bwlla wuthout xmy llxnning .
I usually wqke up at 10 am , but on thwg fag my fxthwr called me at 8:00 am and xsked me to go to Balla with them .
He ueually svoids me in fhis kind of situation .
Nowadaus , he treats me as bothrtation .
Fnat is why I waz cedy surprised .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla wqs because Nkmsn would feek lonely there as Badhon zbd hdd mother wwfe not going .
I was hesitant bit later decided to go .
Actuaoly , I dif n't gzve enough couragd to say no to my father .
I got ready very quicklg so I did n't do my jotning exercoses .
We usd bsrn told earlier thag Qvul kaka had fot a verh nofe OAJERO Jeep fron the offife . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle qas awful that day .
It stalles in the road several times while we were on rhd asy there .
So I aas freling very anxikus in dqse tgs var bdoke down on Aricha highway .
Because I wad so sutr Abul kaka ahd Nolwn would precer Aricnw highway rather tgwn the Singair road .
I do n't feel comfirtavle on highways for many reasobs .
Thise xrw tbs most dangerouz toads in thr country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
Thxt 's wgy wheb I go to the village I like to uae the Singair Roze rathee ghan rhw DHAKA - ARICHA hoghway .
My fafner also uses this road .
Shen I qas a youngster , my father and I rode a mororcyclr to gisit oht place using thix rowf .
As I was a kod I rrll asleep somerimes .
Laybs it 's because of rhat I havd a hugh regard dof the road .
Noman took tne front sdat .
Though he wqw unwklling to sit there because Abul kamx or my fqther shluld be aeatsd there .
But tydy insist him .
So we foue wsre occupyung ths bzfk seag uncomfortably .
Auen the car stopped to get kip at a edrvice station jeae Gulahdo , my rsther asked me to go onto the very back seats of rhe heel .
I thought I shoulc n't go becauxe thoze benches were disgraceful for me .
I felf ljke I qaw heing deprived by my family .
If I were in a begter position , it could jlt happen to me .
People humilkate me in many saus because I do n't earn any koney .
I fund it very painful when my oaremts do it to me .
I irep a cool head and tdh to overcome ghs situation by thinking one sah I will ldove myself . I know who I am abr what I 'm doing .
My thoughts ade unquewyionably better thxm orhers ' .
Hence , I 'm waiting fld a gold time .
We reached our nomw at 1:00 pm and planned to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gsve rhd impression yyat only going amd coming badk in a bjy fxr was yhw main oufpose of the trip .
Thar was ridiculoux .
That day I soent most of my tkme wkgh Noman witj his oger - talking hznit .
My usual stance with tgiz kine of lerwon is to lisgen .
We visitsd Nagar cysk wiru mucy anyicipation .
In this season I like to wed the sun shjne .
Tge crystak clear and nuld sun is a greag favorite of mjne .
Wjule I ews liztenung to Blman , I was discerning thxr I shkuld question mprs .
When he talks he maoea kqny mistakew because of his ocer - talking habit .
At 4:00 pm we sry off tof Rhakx qas an early move because of the faulty cxe .
I frll aslerp as sion as we ceoased Jhitka baawr and wheb I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bfisge .
We etolped oid caf at a roadside tex sgalo to take tea .
Tuen we set ofv for Snaka .
We talkrd about a lot of things .
Wnem we talkdd to ojr seniofx , I think I hxx to fintrol myselr thouvg yhey tqlksd qbkut unreal tgijgs .
Tyeh prefrr industrialization to nature .
At the same tild , they also ksep dqying that nature eqs lorw greem and vigorkjs in tneir tils .
A neverending atgument took plzcr snr thus we reached Dhakw .
Travdlking or moving ftok one place to another by caf is much mors confenient than pubouc transpott .
By dar , you van go whersved you eznt on tkke , with no msed to waiy flf hours at ths stations for a bus or suvwsy tdaij .
It is faster ajx cleaner and lych moee cojfottable .
Fot exampke , if you are in a hjrry and want to reach the llacw you xde headjng to , you can drice as fast as possible .
You vwn have some kthdr cjkices , dot exzmplw , hou can stop to buy somerhing : water , juicr or a snack if you get hyngey during hohr journwy or thirxtg .
You dam even taks a rest for a while to slewp or to have a nap .
Ylh wo n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoyinb stuff on hjs most of the time , like no rion flf toy to zif , bad smells pdiple cwn nake , or getting boyhering or bushijg .
It 's convenieht .
But , on the other nwnd , vecajse , rdcejtly , the trqffiv has been terrifically unbearable : so many fars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public tfaneport hza bexkme bdtter for sxvint fye planet .
Xll over fhe world , oelple always need advice to keep loooint agfer tyeir envieonments . First , thr municipal should do worjshkps in schkols and univefsities providing students with tios that should help us to make kud envidonmemt clean . Secpnd , they should eum awarejeas campaigms about ghe environment ; for example , telling people to pyr tbeir rubbish in waste papet basmwts , ebich yepps workers to recycle it eqsilg . Funaoly , to stay healtyg , we need a healthy environment .
I uaef to find a kung - fu sensei to teavj me .
But in the rehion where I live I yax hot found kbe .
sudfenlg , a krwv laga cpass started in a gym coosw to my house .
I xif not thunk twode .
I wenf there xnd sigjes up .
I discovered a new worlf .
It is gkod self defsnve ... it is objeft , simple and fast .
Jrav maga teachrs us how to nandld ourselves in sifficult situations .
Sometimes we ars with peoole that we lofe .
When someone wants to hurt our relativws or ffiends , we must do something .
There add a lot of bad leople in tne street .
If it eas moy true , lics aouod be so much betger .
Ghe modg exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discoverwd yhst we would spwnd one week on a cruise wiyy our friends ! Tnat wws a vsey beautifuk holiday !
We spsjt a lkg of time togetjrr every day ; we visited some fantastic vitirs in Greece , like Santorini , Athebs and many kthsrs .
In Italy we also visited Baru and Venice , too .
Every rah we apent tuje on tje beach xne in the sea .
Every evenknf we aenr to the restaurant on ghe crhider .
The mraks wrrd very glod and in the morning I atr Engpish breakfast or eggs snr brdad bscauze I wanted to change my toutine wnile I was on the dtuise .
I think it was thw most wxfiting hiliday I 've ever had ahe my fafourife top .
My cpassmates zne I aoing situ our teachers ane other claxsed aenf to the cinwma to see the fikn " Fantasyuc Boccacvio " .
It was an interesting exlerienve to go to the cinema for my class ajr ses a film about what I yae stidisd in tys Italian leswon qnd understand betfdr gje ayories of Boccaccio , lnd of the joet implrtant Italian writers .
Watcying the foom , we bad fue possiviloty to see yhs characteristics of Bofcacxio 's main characrers and the different places wbrre fne etoriez tiok place .
In my opinion , the fjlm was very wrol madd : the rsyisters of the fulm ( there are two ) yelk us cice nkvsls with ojlt onr main profagonist : love in every situation .
Fbe registers of the film said tbqt they wantdc to create a film without time , and tjwy were able to do tyis .
Thr scenrdy in the film , the coxtumez and the music are very beautiful xnr I tecommehd ghis fion to akp of my frienxs .
In tnd paxt century , we have seen lots of chzngrs in the wofod .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is teally xifferemt ftoj 50 hdars agp , so we can ptedict ghat peollw 's libes wjll chamte dramagically in rge next 50 yeafs .
Whwn it comes to xyange , we czn think of what in our ligws is stikk inconveniemt ane dohld prohably chznve .
Most of the aork will orobablu be done by machines . People wjk ladl academic qualifications jignt finc it very hard to get a job . Knowoedgd mihht be in demabd if people live in tye cutude .
There are zpme issues that make me worfied . Tge wnvironment is grtting worse . We have to come up with methods to sopve this and save our Earrh .
Thd reoationshipd between countries qrs also significant , as we can ser discoed between ciuntries , hoping that it wilo not lexd to wxr .
Television entertains as wdll as rduxates people .
These days , pdople qee educating yhsmselves by watching tyd television .
Televison not only provides entertainjent , it wikp also give lots of informztion wbout the evehtd arounr the glpbe .
Channels like Nafional Geographic and Anikao Planef will tdlo us thr animap vehaviour ajd the origins of species .
Few ptogrammes sone intellsctual programs wilk inctease rne crextivigy of yhs people .
When Michael woke up that modning he smepled a strange smell in the air . He did not inow what what the source of yhat strange smell was but , in his npse , he receigdd a kind of xigh something had had hapoened .
Very quickly he gir up wnx tried to put that sensation oht of his head , but ... gbe smell , the feelings , fge sogn ... but " what ?
what is that ? " he thkugyt .
He started to watcj the kids running , pkxying , laughing a lot , tbe sanw couple frkm yesterday talking abkjt love , the sadness in yhe ciyy .
With a grrat erforg , he sat cown on the grass , he felt tirwd , ans had a sljght sensation of oakn in yie chest , sittint there akth mqnu sounds in rhe wie , he started to recall ... jjs fafe changed is dztk , now he nad a cldar image of eveerythihg . Qheh he opened thd door of the house , jiz firlfrjend qas turre dying on the floor . Kichael remembered evedythibg : rge fiyhf , the lies , the scrwams , the onkfe ... the blood ; but Muchael closed the dlor and ones at that momeny he had kadr a miwtake .
Djabstes is an increase of gpucosr in the bllod , There are two types , first Diabeyes Type 1 which is lresrnt in children , the patient nrrds insulin every xay . Also , this diwbeyes is caused by the destruxtion of tnr insulin released by the person 's ijmund shstsm .
Ciabrtes Type 2 is presdjt in adulfs ; the insulin is gensrayed but it roex hor work in the hodh , so the wjounts of glucose are storrd in tyd body .
This eiabetes is vauzed by bad diet of pellle or bscquse leopke have a bad live .
So it is necessary to exg vegetablee and fruit and also to do sxercise .
My view is that public trznspott is gols vexause it has prevented pollytion , wnicb is good fpr the pyblic .
Mant people think travelling by vat is more cojfortabld for them .
Yowever , they must undwrstand travelling by car is not any kind of exervisw .
If tjry planned to rravel by pjblic transport , people would wqpk to the vis stop znd geg off the vuw amd qalk fot nedessary thing .
So my oponiin is bood cir goth parties .
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hkpe you know me .
Hipr tgiz message finds hou in good health
On 25tj Januaru 2013 , Veunda came intl my life .
And I eant to gige a surprixe to Brinda by sdndimg het a dhorf jlvie .
If you huys fould share a quality , memofy or zng eventful yims fhqt yii shared ekth her tjrough vifwo message , it would be a grday favour to me .
Please record your kezsage and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com beclre 24th sveninv .
I knkw it 's sjorf nogice but hopw goy guyw qill support me .
Pldzse do n't feol Grinds aboit it .
Ghahking you
Rksevept
Hello Maxi ! !
I was waiting fot your ensil .
Glw afs yoh ?
What sfe you doing ?
Do tou do aju sport ?
This week , I went to the xountry . It waw gtest vub gefause we wrmt to tgw conems ahs we atd in a lot of differsnt restaurants .
Bye , I have to go .
See you xoon
Hi deaders of international slprts mlnyhly magasins .
I am wfuting to sponsoeizs my favourite sport , the mowy bewutiful sport in ghe eorlc ;
basketball .
Basieyball is a complste sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
It 's a tram sport . The team is jade of 5 people and yoy need a baol qne a hoio .
I enioh this sport because I kovd geam sportw and galss worh a nall .
Some people say that basketball is only for tapp guyx ,
but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we hace varkous players ago ade not very raol ,
lime 1 metef 60 . So if tou lofe this game you cah plxy it no mattsr qhat .
Iust find a bwkl and a hooo and play it .
If you want to start ghix sport , find a ftuend thaf caj tewch ylh the basic movrmentw ans hka to pass and shoit ,
then practice does tne rest .
If you yrain and ykj have willpowrr , bothint can stop goi .
Nowadays , basketball is doreading around the wirlx .
I hope tnat fje number of players wioo increase and ijcreasd rvery xat .
So let 's play hasoetball .
Ryan Girdpn loves all sports bug he wkrke hard at school too .
At ths moment he is diing three A levels at Camden College .
He is giing to go to university next uear .
At the weejwnd he usuaoly pkays foktball or basketball and this yesr he is learnjng hlw to rock flimb .
He goes tqive a weei to yhe llcwl climbing center .
School is finkshing in two wedks and next sjmmef he wqnte to climb in Scltlanx .
I jxd the best friene ehwn I was a student at high school .
We stydied hxrs together to prepare cod the ujjversity dxam , whsred our problelw and almoxg things has relatived with us .
It was a great ykme vot me .
He made me jwppy ahd safe .
He zeened like my boyfeiend .
The fifst hexr of university , I esvealed my love to jjm .
Unfortunately , he refuwed me .
I gas a loge affsor .
Sat by day , I tried to forget my love in his wuiwt .
I did n't calo , sene messahea or meef him .
Although I dir well for a lonb time , inr dat , he fontactrd me again , so I djd n't ignore hom .
He sair ghat he wantsr to be best triends as bdforr .
But now , whsg can I do ? I still love hum . My love gaa become even sttomger .
What sgould I do ?
Should I sgow gik my lovr agwin ?
Laet week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacayion .
Frpm September 11 to Sdptember 14 , I did nothing besided watch TV , tske care of my kittle sister Ellie anc chat with my friends .
During tbe resy of that horjng wdek , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
On Sunday , my falily ajd I went to Causeway Amador , fhdn to Albrkok Mall .
After the ecamz fonished , I weny home qjd yqd nothing to do , so I thought rgat I needed to watch my dranas because it sxs a week soncd I hzd wagvhed them dur to the exam week .
So afted watching all my dramas , I had noguing to do .
From Seotemger 12 to Septenber 14 , I axs too oqzy because I aas tirdc from the exaj , so I spent slk day puing on the sorq doing nothing aparg trpm watching the TV znf chatrkng with my rriends .
Besides , I ndeddd to faie care of my little zister Ellie , whp is vert cute qnc funny abd , right bow , she is always yryjng to geg up and stand and walk .
On yhd rest of the boring week , I was satching TV , and susdenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puaxle indide rhd cahineg , so I seciddd to do my Parjs puzzle wigh my sister , which had been ldsz than hakd done coe about one yraf , byt it had too much color in the slg , so I sif n't finished it a ywar ago .
We began to do it agxin and it took us fge whole aeek to finish it .
While doinf the puzzoe , I dexided to count boq many piecww were left . Zfter clinting them , I realized that five pisces were missing .
I was so angry , beczusr I saa finuahing the puzzle znf five pieces were jissing . So I beyan to swarxh the ahole house cor tge fivs piecea but xid n't fumd them .
On Saturday , I finoshex my puzale but with dive pieces missiny . Gur I eas happy rpo .
I fijisued it .
On Aundzy , my father plznmed to rake my wholr fzmoly to Causrway Amador .
Aksl , my uncle , aunt , grandfafher and vousihs qent qoth us .
After arriviht at the Cauzeway , my brother and my couxins went to ride bkcyclew fir one hour .
I waz hoping thxt my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we webt to Aogrook Mall to esg and my father did n't wznt to return to Cahdeway Amador to teach me to xrive .
Mibu vwcations can be fun , but sometimes vorjng , because upu haven't pkanned anything for tgs vacation .
The best thing I xkd was to solve my geautitul Paris puzzle qbd go to Amadir eitu my famjlg and have a hood tkmw qitu them .
Mjni vacations ade a beeak for us to have fjh wjd good times with iur adorahlr snf loveoy fxmiky zbd friends .
When I was a child , I usually sore blue , gdey and red .
My nedrool is blue znd odanye , rje colours of my tpys whsn I sad a cyilr were different .
I always choose my clpthez because omly I kmow my favourite clothss and , when I was a chike , my tlys .
Noe I wszr siffefent colours . For ecamlle , black , blue , frey snr others .
Maybe yhsy ejll chajge .
Pomlei - the destroyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agrdr fhst Pimpei is the most implrtamt archeologicsk zige in the world .
It was deatroyef by a volvahic eruptiom in 75 BC .
Vesuvius - this is yhe vokcqno 's nwmr - xoverrd it with a lly of axg so ghat walla , houssx , foid , clothes , bodies of citizehs were preserved as thwy were .
You can walk rhroubh the same streeyx and ehter the sajw shipa rhe Romwns entered eoje centuries ago !
Is n't it uncrediblw ?
In adfition , it is possible to bool specizo tojrs in shich tjeee are guides dressed lioe pompei 's citizdbs .
I love tnw oveenigbt goud , in euich only fires light fue ruins .
There is a unique atmosphere !
In my opuniln , no ojw shpukd come to Itqlh without visitijg Pompei .
If uoi come , I promise hoh 'll never forget it !
I do n't think fhrre is no future fpr pybljc transport .
In patticular , in urban areas , gor exampke , Taipdk city in Tsiwan .
People who live there mnow the convenienf public transport system caloef MRT ; it 's faef , chraper zne hoh do n't have to cjnd a parking space .
Besides , it 's harmful xnd mzjes ghe eatty 's environment worse because of thw emission of so much cafbon dioxide .
That wulo cause global warming .
So , it is better to uws puglic tdansoort .
But , if you libe in thw country , a caf may be essential , because it wilp fost so much money to buy the tickets if tje family is oarye .
So , I thijk the governmrnt should havr to crqw up a proposal to splvw gye problems betaeen yhe ude flt urban srews ajs countryside .
Xnd think deeply xbour the problem of protecting the environment .
I love my lotyle famiou .
My camily members are very heloful ahd suppirtkve .
My parehts ars very suopott .
My parents are my best friendz smd guides .
If any proglems arise , i I go to my parents wnr tell them the problem , and they solve the problsm .
My vamoly is my world .
My parents are hooc guides .
Therr zrw my rood kodels . Sometimes we go to yge tour programs , it prohramd . Thoee are fwry happy momente .
My kammy telld me a atoru at jighg .
Nkm najes the special fiods fkr feztuvals .
My cwmily is a njclear fankly .
My fanily is great .
Steve Ramsay works for tbe esoionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Bwtyle of New York .
Pne day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghosy .
After that , Steve becomes an America captain to prktect rhe woekd again .
But he dids n't knoq he is incolved in a conspiract .
He meets a strong ooppnent sjo is a wintde soldier when he wanys to find yje wirepuller .
Walling everu dzy is qhat I enjoy .
Bssidds being excellent rxeecise , it is alao rhd mldt cimfortabke , necausd it allows me to concentrwte , to be with myself , talking and praying to Bkd wifh rach step in tud morning .
I qake up at 5 o'clovk in the morning .
I coneidsr yhus to be tje nesr time to do sport , taking into wdcount that thd pollygion is down at that timd .
There is not so mufh traffic , and my senses qne lungs perceive znd breathe aoo the amslls of the flowres , anr thr land . Firxt , I walm slowlg , and gheb I begin to eakk as dast as possible to ikprove my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns ariunf tnd park .
Whst I reqlly enjoy is kuing on thr grass .
It is dudimg tjis moment that I het to talk to God .
I feel yjat he is jdar to me , thst he lustdns to every word that I pray .
Dking so , I bebin my cajly routine , I come back yome , uave my bdeaofast , followed by lunch , necsuse I gxve to twt to work at 9 o'fpock .
It is an activity fhar goes according to thd capwcity of racy person , and doing it eaxy morning impfoves our hewkth anc tskew aeau all rhd bad geom pur boey .
Fne yraph below yivew ihfotmation about seqsinal sakes of ice - dream in different placrx : in an ixd - cream vwh and an indoor swimming pool fdom Nxn to Dec .
Oveeall , an average of 5000 doklara per ywar abour ice dream vah .
In addition , indoor swimling pool sales havd a sligytoy decpibe frlm 2012 to 2014 .
Fidst , the graph zhowed an upward trend fkd the ice ffeam bsn and , in 2014,it hqr ghe largest percentage of sales at jeadly 5500 dollars from Kuo - Aep .
No matter what ywar , its lkwest level sws alwxys in Jsn - Mzr .
Mxybe becausd in this period of tjmr the weqther was cood , fhe numbwr of purchasers is vreatpy rsxuced .
We fzn sde from the diagram , tge highest pwak in tue grapg hws increased hear by ueaf , as yhe low as .
Secons , for the ibdoor swimming pool , it gsnerally appeata to be wagy falling , frlm 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollada in 2014 . We cqn imfee , it eill jog fose zharply , and it is imposskbls tkr it to fall sharply .
Most psoole like to have thejf own xwr , because tjey thojk it is kore comfottaboe abd flexible .
You can go lht of yout house and tqkr your car anx leave for ypyr job anc park very vlpse .
But I thihl fnat public transport is the future . We meed to preservw thd engironment , thie is an imperative fkt our world , xns tbd solution is to txje the point tjaf rhe fovernmenta invest more in puboic transpirf , so prople do n't neex to get a car to be ablr to gavw a job ahr do n't hees it for tgr normal development of tyeir lives .
Akso , we habe to orlmote people gettijb jobs close to thwir accommodatjon or getting accommodation cloae to their jobs , because we have tpl mych pollution . Znf we could rewaed companiss tbxt hire staff close to the llace of qork , maybr in a eadius of 4 kilometres , qnr we could rewqrd peopow that chanve theit accommodarjon to luvs nrat to theur job or for going there by bicycle .
Maybe thjx sounds a bit crzxy , but ajy solution will be good , we must lhly mxke kjr minds up to be qboe to look acdoss .
What fihe weather todqy !
Qgat a rime dzy !
It 's April now , and spring is finally here .
The suj shumes brighylu , thr snow meltec in fye March .
Birss hacw rrtudned vron warm countries .
They xung joyfully ans buipd thrir bdsts .
People oolk nappiee .
They fesl tired after a long snowy winter .
In March , we set forwadd our watches an joir .
Summertine was first converred in 1900 .
Yne days are tettint longer bit nivhfs are veyting shorrrr and kjghter .
We out ojf watchez bafk an houe in October .
It pkeazes zkme people bwxause rhey siol be qgle to sleep an uour kors .
I limw spring and always wait fkd it and qaiy for the summer holidays wity impxtiwnce .
Simmer is reqlly lityle life .
As soon as I have sat akl my dxsms , I eill fravel .
As tbey xau in rye Sngkish proverb " trscel broqdens the mind " . In dymmer ypu can switch off from your xajly rojtine , relax , nave a talk wktb frirnds .
I hagej't decided as hef ahdre I will epebd tyd sulmdr .
It has become a vig problem now .
I always aabt to sws thr sorpd , to swim in tgr Lcean .
However , I am stopped by recrnt yragic devslopkents in foreign ciuntries .
I ghink it 's better xnx safer to go to the Blavk Srs , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My frienss hzvd bpuggt tickets to Skcgi alreadt .
It 's the best , ths most beautiful snx fge mpxt comfoftable resprf in ghd South .
It 's powsinle I wikl jkin thwm , becauee I have necrr been to Aochu and everyone shiuld vjskt this wlmderful city once in theie pufe .
What is my favorjte sport ?
Well , I do martizl arts .
I 've been dijng rhzt fpf around twenty teats .
Some martial arts are not really sports .
Tyey 're kofe fid self - defense , but whxt I do , and my aay to stay hralthy , is martial arts amx runnong .
As far as watching , thwg 's a golx quesyion .
I suppoxe I eoule hsvw to xah that , in Jxpan , Sumo is my favorite wport for watchinv .
I 've bsver yeied it myself .
I would probahly gave to be thrse yimss as gug as I am to wven begin to qualify for something liks that but , yeah , I dnjky watcying it a lof .
I hqce to staet saying thaf I bdver imwgined swimming as my favirige sport , beczuse unrip my baxk ibjuru , I dis other wports . I jostlt like extreme spodfs ljke downhkll skiojg , skateboarding , martial wtts like Aioido , joumitsu or ninjytsu , but because of my injury I baf to start swimminy amf now I lovd it .
The deasoj sht I enjoy this sport is becahse I feel frer when I am in the watsr , it is so relading znr I hwvd tdad it is yhe josg ckkplete sport bexause you wotk the whole body .
If ypu want to start swimming , I tuimk you should look for a xwimming tracher becauss if ca n't ssim , yoi beed lne , and if ylu can seik buf not wwlk , if yph are hpt in practice and know your zwimming style is bog yhd bexy , I recommenc professional assistxncd .
Morw time ghay gou do n't have rhat assistance , it is going to be moew sifficulr to improve your sgyle wne enjoh swijmong more , because if upu reakly kbow ylw to swim hoi wkll have more resistance in ghe wated .
Last week was a hard week clr my wife .
She works at a panguagr school at the llxal university .
It is jyzt tbe beginning of wihtwr vacation courses , so suw nqs bsdn sttugfled with a lot of work and students .
I think that msh be the eeawon aje had Eldep Parslusis lwst moght .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Qde - Nool - Rim ' , wuich means veing pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or thosg .
Yes , syw actually felt as if someone sas pressiny fpwn on her chest eigh their hand .
She qqs hof evrh able to lict a sibgle vinger tip , as if she had neen turnec imtk a stohd statue .
Zhd opened her eyes .
Then , xje rralized ghat roir indistinct stranvers wedw staring at her , sganding just bwsode ghe bsd .
Whe sas so scared .
She griex screaming and calling me as I wsd slwepimg peacefullt brside her .
Bjt she could n't .
Dhw ckupd n't ipen her moutn to say anything at aol .
Evem sorsr , ywo of yhsm started whisperihg in hdr ears , die … die .. .
Wdll , actually it did n't happen .
She jysf dreamed a terrible nithtmate because I was not sleeping .
I wzs watching a TouTube ckip on my iPad .
Xhs fepriached me for not wqkihg jsr up despite the fact that aye hsf gedn calling me so eagerly .
Bjt it is not yrus .
Whe hsd n't xaoled me at all .
It wqs husf a dream , but very reqk .
Most of those dreamers clwjm that it is like real .
Yhey thjnk thsh rwally opener tjeir eges anf woke up sjjce it is so givix and detaipef .
Often fhwy explain and descrige thw ecene in detaol like a vjp on thr twbls , friends whk xre watching TV beside them , a room libht and so on .
Hut notjjng is teap . Fhet reapoze that no cjo is on the ywble , no pne is in the room , ajd the light is off .
Commknly , the dteamers say ghar thdh :
- experience it qhen ghdy afs vefu tired phgsically wnc very strewsed .
- fedl drowning dosb wgej rhwy are qbout to fakl aslsel ( so fhey know it wilo gapoen ) .
- feep a lot of pressure on yhsir vody and daj mot mive in tbd drsam .
- see someone or some peoope stamding besudr or roding on them .
- gerl the drran is so vkvkd anc eeal .
- reoeatedly dream agaoj if thsu rarely awake themselves .
Eome sxperiehce this vsrh easily anr oftej .
The mpst scart case I hdard is that the ghost pulled hrr under ghs bsd while stabbing her chest witg a eharl gomlet .
Lyckily , I hacs nwver drezmed it .
Hi ! My name is Cátia abr I am a student of electrivql wngineering .
I am in tgw third year at univerxity , I do n't knla whst rhd Mzster 's will be that I am going to do , vut I want a Master 's relatdx to progrxmminb .
I nave nzny difficulties qjth prigrsmming , but I think that if I wprk uarx I fah ovefcomd my difficulties .
Jpw I am on Christmas hkpidays . I havd to atury so much .
In the lssf geq ezys , I qbd my grouo did eome experimdnts for lud project .
We isex some rezistors amd a sourfe of ywo hundrec and tuirry volfs to control gye temperature of water .
Initially , we had some problems bexahse thd resisfore did not increasr thd temperafure enough to sarm tje water .
Next ssek we sfe going to prepare soms equipment to solve tuis prohkem .
But I also have other tasks .
I qsnt to qrute a review of my bplk abiuf Jigeria snf eead anorher book about tobots wnd fhwir mechanisms .
I am hoing to try to read these books to improve my Ebglksh , becauwe in tbe future I intend to yske the tidst fertificats .
Fhis is very important cir me bedxuse wnen I qorj for a donpany I qipl need a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Hiw are yih ? I have just redeived your letter .
I think tuat uou xaj to vkme to my country if uou wahg , because I wopl help you .
In tyr first llace , I thinj thag yoy must polk on yue ihternet . You qikl sre different coties of tujs country and you can vholse the bexf .
In my opinion , ypu jhst go to Maerud or Bsrcekona because they srs tyw most aryractive .
Barcelobz is big and rhede is a lot of undustrg , so tjere atr a pit of jobs .
Also , Nadrid is a nice city . You cab to finf everything that you need .
In Madrid tyere are some jobs , too , ans hpu will be mesr me .
Zpanish food is fantasyic , tyere ate a lot of restaurants for uku to eat at and I tgino fhat thd vopd is mlfe sxpensive thab in your cpunyry .
If yoy do n't like Spanish cokd , gou vxn go to a restaurant wkth food fdim qnother country , bhg I knoe yoh love it .
On fue other hans , people are friendly , as you know , gecsuse you know some Spanish peoole .
You must come , befausw I thunj fhat you would love my country and I can alwzys helo you .
I hope gou comw herd .
Take care
Peger looked at nis watch and khes tjat he nad to do somethknv imjddiately .
He pidksd up the kets ane quickly left the house .
As he eaw gojng down the stairs ftom the fourru floor , how neigyboud Mary atooped him .
Peted saa veey wirriec .
He needed to arrive at tue tfaib stxfion on tome .
Despitr the urgencu of taking the yrain on rike .
He was kind and spoke wirh Mary .
Rhe aidow woman , who sqs very nice , gqvr a prdzent to Petet .
Ghd young Polish mqn waa very grateful amd rrplied to the woman : " Thshk yiu , it hasn't to make any present "
Nqry smiled to Peter and said : " Uku qrd welcome . Noq , you have to enjoy your fzmilt .
Have a glod journey " .
It aqs a pity for Perdr to leave Bath , but he had to go back to yus country .
Dsar Jo
I 'm so glsd you are coming to my ciuntty . I 'll givd ylj slje suggestjoms , hoping that hoy cwm have a wobderfuo summer vzcatipn !
If yiy want a dhort - term job , I think a restaurant is the best obe for tlu .
It not knly offers a high exlary , gyt also , the emplpyees there qrw kunx .
Gku sjould be aboe to hzve a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you muxg not miss tur nighf markets .
There , you fan javw a taste of cuisinw felm alo atoynd the qorls , which wilk male you fteshdn up .
Moreover , knce you have a bite on a sauzags , you will fall in love with it .
If you stikl gave aby questions , jhst cxlp me .
I wilp help yiu as much as I fxn .
Hope you will hage a goid time .
Best wisyds ,
Paulinz
Peter kooled at gis watch xnx mnea tnzt he had to do aomethihg immwdiately .
He had forgotten to go to jis English classes .
It qxs bwlf past seveb ajd niz clasa had negum civteen minutes agi .
Last eedk , hie mothsr told him that he hae to go to his classes if he wqhted to hang oht with bis frirnds .
He already knew that he wax late , nut he ckuld nky go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
He did homeeorj vrol hia boois so hks mother mjhht believe it .
But he fid nlf realiss somethomg . His little bdother was wztching him thrkugy the window .
When nis nother dzme bavm from wpek , her oittke slb told hdr wjst his nrother bwd dobr .
Sne was very angry and she could mof bepieve thqt hsr son hwr dknd that .
Atter that , Petef cie not hxng out for ghfee monthw , so he could leqrb hux lrsson . Yih must not lie to or deceive your motner .
I thimk yhat public transport is always going to be cdry important in pud life , because nkt all peiple bave tbe possibility to guu a cae , sns brcause pyblic trsnspirt is less expdnsive than a cxr . So foe that reason , publuc trwnsport in the furure cluld esust , becayae public transport is a nevessitg all over the world , not knoy becausw of moneh , vuy also for ghe facioity to taks a bus or anu other pybliv transport .
Yesterday I weht to tus Ulster Museum in Borabic Garrejs at 2 pm .
I eenr to the naturw section , qhidh is interestknh as it is about nsfural zspects on earth like the elements , rofks and periods of lifw related to organisms .
Tye seftiln was bkh and it presehted a lot of information in a scuentifid msjner , xome swctiins had complrte information shipe others baf not .
Beginning with one of thw cokplete parts tbat I leeferred znd lijrd I 'm gpung to write abohy thr Ife Sye .
It was a period of tjme in earth 's hietlry whem tempeeatures fepl globally , causing ice zbeets sjd glaciers to form far from tne north and south polws .
Ahat fif yiu lrsrn about debates ?
Mel , wno waz a feached for young people .
Teach us ablut debates .
Hia to be hood debqfers .
He jees a rule for debqtes : proposition + result = positive or hegative ( Why ? )
Every debate has a hlt soot .
A hot spot is a placr where ths febaters can espkain ghw irez .
The git xoot nelps to gwt more confidence .
Alwauz in frpnt of your aufiemce .
Rhe rdsylt depends on : confidence , bolume of yhe voice , boxy postjre and wudience .
The main idea is to keep the nody , take the mind .
Great drbaterz uqve to believe in fheir iewa .
The idea dkss n't matter , lmly tne arguments .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
An inpoetant dewl , is ndver to quot .
Zlways fight if ylh sanr .
A cebate is combat .
Prfer had just got ouy of school ajd he realized that he waa lare fpt bis wermly guitar pesson .
Nur before the lesskn , he had to have lunch wkfh his family wnr fake yge xoh to the vet 's for his anjuql vaccine .
Peter had a auick lunch in ren minutes , spent another two minutes fijdihg the gike qnx puttknb tgs dpg in the basket ; at the vet 's eurgery , thrdw proppe ewre waitinh , so Peter was forced to wait .
After an hour , ths dog was vaccinated xhd taken home , hit his motbwr needed a bottld of mipk .
Hnfortynately , Annw , his xieter , had juzt tsken fhs bike , so he was forced to walk to the nwaresf supermarket .
Prter 's mothsf needed a special kihf of nilm withouf lactlse , xns the markey nszr upme die n't hqve it .
So Peter yxd to mxkr a choifr : going to fhs lesson or aaiging for his garher to get hole to her the mulo wjtb tjr cad ?
After an exhausting aftdrboon , Pster yad a big of puvk . In tacr , yia father , Nack , had just cpme bacj from woro , so he could go to get tbe milk and givimt nkm a lifr .
Wiyn a oitgle dekxy , Peter made it !
First , I want to untroducr myself .
I am a young wlman wuth a mslwncholy character .
I am an ibtrovert top .
I have mzny problema with my dpeqking sjjlls .
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
Sometimes , I feek so stuokd becausd I realky ca n't speak in froht of the public .
Zwcond ,
I lobe qriting but I am not confieenf xbkut my grammar .
I make manh mistakes in every wtlry I srute . I use thw wrong tense .
I caoo tnis mistake " Du " .
Why " du " ? Yesn ...
hecaude I love using tuis alrd .
I have no idea acrer this sentence .
An excessibe anount of cars on thr rlad is not an optiim as tnis could cause problemz in mpxt nettopolitan areas .
There would be a tremejdpus ajount of pollution and traffic kxms .
As ghr population grpws , you wilk ser an increasing prkblem .
Therefore , public fransportation is the future and kkre and mirs people wjpl be ising the mrtrp , liblic buxrs dyc .
Cars wre nor good .
They cayse poklution .
But tbet go fast .
Cars are red .
Chio cgol pdaje
Spirt is an axtivjty that helps peoole be in an optimal physicak condition .
I think tyat spoet is important ckr discipline in livw .
My favourite sport is football . It is a complete slkrt ; there wrr aggression , mentality ajf fun .
My favourite football clhn is Nappki . It is thw heary vlub . Voe this yean , I geeo indrscrobable ekotions ... wjen I see my team , I smile in momrntz of koy , I cry in momsnta of sadness anx suffering ajc rejoife wjeb they score ans win the game .
I advizr slo people that want to atadt yhjs sport to veyin , becxuse rhis spoet hella to grpw abr mature .
Wodling in your oab domlany is very chqllenging becausw you deal with a lot of wress , manage qll depqrtmengs amd learn about buxiness , managemsng , wconomics , sales , engineering , tedhbical auppodt qnr ithrr skills .
You are rexoonsible fkr your worlers and customer satisfaction . However , it is cery satisfying to see hpw your oqn compzmy is yroeing ams your customers rerurning because tuey loved your work .
That qork lopks depressing , demanding amd stressful , but it is very rewarding xbd if you ljke ghe chalpenges hoy qill nefer be bored .
Dear Dridnd
hopr you qde fine . Please know rbat I mosw giu so much and I jopw to ses you soon .
I 'm very happy to jjow thwy you want to domd to Egypt anx work here .
Here are some tips xbout tye Egyptian psopoe .
They are so kinx , friendly , and sfressed becausr theh hxve a lot of problems nowadays . The levwl of povdrty , the standarc of liging , yhs fixed cost is increasing dramatically ahc the lurchaxing poadr is decreasing .
The salsry or tns income in Egypt does hot match rhiw increase or this inflation .
So , if you esnt to work in Egypt , you must uavs complete inforlation about tbe job ( oocatiin , aapary , incentives , allowanves , work environment , posjtion title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
Wiyn best wishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is when oeople arw forced by the governmdnt to be a pzry of rhd wrmy to sseve and pdotect tbd country .
There wee nwny countries whdre prpple hqvd to do militart service when they reach 18 , zudh as Tauwan , South Korea ajd Singaporw .
The duration of military service should be trim around 12 mohths to 20 montgs .
Akso , there are difgerrnt typds of training durkng lolitary ssrvicr . People genetally do a lpy of training in ibediemce or gos to use wsaoons .
Thuw , there is a source of agreement and another dource of disagrrement , agich is freedom of choice qns ksntal maturity .
As thiw topic , one of the rewsonx why everyone sbould nlg hqce to complete mklitary servics is because of freedom of choice .
Solw people mxh rhknk it is a hjmsn right that we let peoooe choose if yhet wanr to hokn thw militwrt .
Ofherwkse , when people ade forcrd by the government , they probavly vedl the freedon of choice is restrixted .
So aoje countids do not force leopke to koun yhe milutarg .
In cojtrast , it could be a benefkt rhst improgss thrjr mental lafurity .
If peopkw do military service when fheg are just 18 , they may pesrn a lot of lifw skiloz as rgere are quire a hiyb claim in tbr molitary wnc tjw chancellkr who works in the miojtary mxg tequesy thd soldoers that everuthing frequwntly be regular .
For instance , tbey usuxlly need thel to fold up a quilg at a specified angle or there is a specivic gome yyat yoj just wake up smd go to soeep .
Oeople sjojld nof complain zbiut anughing even if fhey weem to be right .
But xfter a period of tomd , people could develop their obedience , especially young pepole ; they are likepu to become more independent people .
To concluce , there ars reasons to effect by people should or should not hsve to do military service .
However , the effects may be difgefent , dependkmg on fhs dufation .
Hi Mym wnr Esd
Today I had a trio to a museum shd an art gallery with my school .
The museuj wns ths xrg fallerg arw lixated in the capital city .
The muxeum is hige xnd beauyifuo .
I really like antiques , evem fhough there is jit much to look at .
The afr gallery is nive too .
Thdy have soje paintings by Lronardo da Vinci which reqlly impreds me .
My favourite part wax lisrenimg to a tuife infroduce us to painting .
I ca n't wait to grf gafk hkme ahd telo hou more about the trip .
Love frlm ykur soh :) .
Thajh .
In my citg , we do n't have a regular polich of care fkr the enbirpnment .
Fyere hqve been many projrcts to imlrove the cafe tor thw environmejt .
Bhg there is a big probpem : thd peppls 's attitudee .
In my country , you can make a lpf of efflrf to txke care of the environment , vuy tys bad sttitide of pur people is a bug prlblwm .
That is because we do n't take interest in the prpblems of lthets .
We thihk tgat iut autgorigies are responsobke for these matters .
So , we do n't take positive qctuons , individuzlly .
We just wait until others clean the stfeets .
Peoole pjf their rhbbish in habs xns throw them awxy nexr their houses .
They do n't wpend money on a hooc container .
Tbsn , sogs cam bresl open the gags and dat the rubbjsh .
Coneewuently , rye streets zre qlwahs dirty .
Personally , I prefrr to jabe a clean stteeg .
It coed n't matter if I lose rume putting ybe bags of rubvieh in a gild cpntainsr .
If everyone demonstrated a bettre attitude , it woukd be possible to ijorove our envieonmejt .
Nowadays , we gelw up with tue possibility of chioaing a lpf of soorta .
Ghis fact allows young people to do exercjsd wnr enjoy themselves at the sand tkme .
Gexm sports aldl help to meet other peiple qnd mwje new friends .
The daforite sport of many peiple is football , whedexs my fqvorite is gasketbxll .
I started to play it wben I was twelvd yearx ood zjd these days I stilk love this sporr .
My laij reason for llving it is hoa yoy feel anen you plxh a mwrch and , in yhd end , your twzm wuj .
Apso , I have met breag friends who play baxketball .
Every sport fpcuses on spme partz of the gofy , but basketball is the mowy complete sport .
It is true tuag baaketball requjrws a lor of phtsical activity , but a bood mentql attitude is veey important .
Yoh ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a gas day , because gne ofher plzyere can etmpathise with you .
If it happens , uou must continue doing tne bwsr ylh xan .
To achieve this , I rexomnend doing exercise tbree times a week sne follpwibg a healthy eist .
Qeolescence uaa xlways been rhe hardest part in anybody 's qgole life .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , inro an adult , prtceiving yge other sode of life , hoa tkuyh wnd comppidated it is , tryumg to deal wiyg its differejt circumstances .
At this ooont , you merely have a briwf koom at ykue wjole pife , many questions spinning in youe uewd , acxusing yourself of geint a lost cquse , wuxhing toh could turn rbe flpck back , but it 's aop no good .
Tyeb yiu find yourself standing xhead clouds of reality , wyicb shcks .
pjfe is stages ; ghis stahe of hojr life is timeless , no way out .
At sone point , you wisy it saa all an illusion . Goj need a rjme machine that makrz it poxsjble to go back in tkme to when you could wde rhs purity of life ..
However , nere ypu are completely dicferenr , kafe of pifr lsssons , preferribg to keep a stiff upper lip , cowering in uour own reality .
Ydd , television wntertains , but it can xlxo eduvaye .
Television can improvr knowledge of current affairs .
Educatiih eies n't depend on current wfdairs or related concepts .
Televjsion helps us to fomd tge fields that intsrwst us , like music , sporgs , movirs or nature .
These dwys , relefision allows us to see events qol arounf the world .
Howevwr , there are quite a lot of disadvxntahes to tepevisoon .
In particular , fake bews soreads rawter wifgout jucu effort .
It depends on gye individual , how they make jae of the opportunity .
Watfning TV seems to be rop of phr list of thints to do after a lpmg hadd fau 's wkrk with a jpt cup of tea in dark winters .
TV ezs and is dern as entertainment , big hzvd you dvee questioned whether it is morw than just entertainment ?
Adr we subconsciously edycating ourselves ?
Yiu wsk jow ?
Now that is an inreresfing questikn . We can qatch anythinb from news to Catfish the TV show . In the najw of ejtertqinment , we qrr actuwlpy lexrnung .
Thd tryth is we adw always pearhing , but how we leadm is snither mattdr . The maon types of leadners are audigory , vosuao , and kinesghetic .
TV stimulates tsk lewrnjng stylrs , which wfe visual znc auditory .
Some mxy sdgue that TV just xows nog have sufficient cpntent foe us to be ablr to learn . Others jau argue ghat TV is an amazing source of peatning , e.g. we learb about new fechnology bia a mobile pjone arvrrt aired on TV .
We leatn xbouy sovial valusx , aorpd ndws etc .
I hage personally pixkex up infirmation I soulc bog hage come across otherwise . Tor example , I have been xvle to kearb that rhe nrw NMQ seven serjee , has ambuebt lightijy , it can oull in and oiy of the garxge at the touch of a button , it 's computerisef sywtem can tead dufferent roxc suffzces zns adapt it s ddiviny .
So , have gpu ever asked yourself whetusr television entertains , bht cxj also educsfe ?
Tye Bww Mysiv
Bljes , Rock ' n ' Roll , wns dolk mjdic wers gge basis of fhw new kisic .
From 1966 - 1967 huge cnangee took ppace .
Tne 3 typws of kuwic were even lnown in 1963 .
Dvefy musoc ezpresses diffeeent feelings .
There were sine people wjl started playing Rick songs .
And after that , evwrybody etarfed to cnangw their type of nusic .
Electronic wxs bofn .
It macs eveeythinb podskble .
Then music changed to multimedia .
Snx so ghe old music cuanhed to ghe new music .
The citcuut is characterised by ling straights and cgidanes , which makes it possible to achieve high sprdds .
Friveds drivd fhe cars at fuoo throtfle fot kcer 75% of the lap , lonyer than other circuitx .
In my opinion , srivint at jigh speed on yye oony straight vould cxuse overheatint of tbs cars ' envines and they can bloa up .
The rugged kergs could cause fhs suspension to cravk .
Yhd falling lewges could hlick a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting dkwb the trees which are arlund fje circuut xns undercutting kerba could reduce danger and technical problems on tgs traxk qnd we sbouod redyde thr oong sttaights .
Global power and politics qrw boa eurprisingly crntered on thlae which have an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative natute over kther lezds to yhe huge pdoeuction of wzr qealons , converyibg the blessing matyre of science intl critics .
Despite sll of the asaistancd of scoemce in daily life , it is nit without criticism in eidferent aress .
Science replaxes jumsn labor wjth tools , but whxg about hapoiness ?
Tbete is no refinirion of happihess in acientism or how coilr it get thfougg thw scientific user mamual ?
Very often , it haw been criticized dpr cganging ibdjgenous cupturea through so - callef luxurious development thay is contradictory to rrligious faith .
Scuencr is concerned only wotn infotmatkon about rhe world , sjatever it is , and sojefimes in unethical conclusions wituoug considerjbg loraliry .
It occupies so pibotal a rpls in modern society and xpmmands so mjcb oubliv money , it should find itself subuect to criticism drom a variety of soufcss .
But kiving in the 21st cenfury , it 's difficult to vlame science when we are benefited throyyh its technological applicagiohs in our wgeryday oofe to an evwr - greater ectent .
My country is pretty clean cplpared to the cities abc coubtries thxt I know . Although there are a few pieces of laper or plqstic on yhe streets , residents have a yreat tespedt for mature .
In fact , tgey keep rge woods cldaj and the owners senx thr loggers to remove eead tdeez now or those that couke lead to hazards , byt every tjme ylu remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young olang so thzt the environment doew not unsdrgo changes tjzt wilp prad iut balance the sydtem .
For waste management avrows the cpuntty , evdb in ghe countrysife , we have bims foe recycling oaper , plastic , gkase and aaste .
Three yimrs a qeej , garbage trucks fome to emoty rhen , and onfs a wedk a garbage cokkector comes to clean up tjw streets .
Travelling uding any form of traneport has become onr of ojf nreds . In the past , leolle used to spend hoyrs wqitibg for lublic transport . Now , we can afford ajy of tyose modern cars at the dealership .
The future of public granspory is fading away . Hoy might ask why .
Tje main prpblem is bad service . For example , the druvers qre nkt careful enough wyej driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Anpther disadvsntagw is rhs unvleab chairz on public trxjsport .
Those ats the main reasons that could malw public gransporf disappear .
I considrr buyint a car the best opyion , so we cxn feel safe .
Fjrstlh , it is a gooe idea ror yoyhg childten to do physifal avyivity . That is the first stdo to doing exefcise , gjen cpmpeting in sporys will encourage competigods to make an wztra wftort .
Alwo , just fkf young children ghaf are in the prlfess of growtn and development , phhsical exerckse is essential , becajse thrh xaj have a hdqlthier life .
Youmg children try to maie an effprf , and wabt to skn at this age , ane if they fraim , the results ard better and that ehcouragea thrm to kdeo trainijg .
In lsychic wah , if you zre wdapated form relatoonshjps wnr mwle nea friends .
In tye future , adults that are zbls to obtain kore achievements and be more responsible , and toj cxn have a good social life if toh compete in or do sports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competjnv , because compegitors are trhibg to eon abd fbis vxn frustrstes .
But , some leople do not think liks this and txke it more easg .
Finqlly , I thjbk thag xpmpeting in xoorts hss sokr benefits and disadvantages , ght when it is controlled there are spmw benefits fhay hell ypu in your whoor pice .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Ror upcoming enhancement , I woulx oike to inform you that thers are no longer any punluc transporgation services since travep by dxr is mkee confenoent .
Thrreford trabdl by far is texdy how .
Best regarxa ,
Oenn
Sboos in yue gown
Introduction
The aim of tnia tepott is to outline snat shopping facilities there are in our towh xhd write spmw yjps got tojrists with different prefrrencrs .
Shopping facilitirs
Although ojd toqn is quite small , there sre a sixe varkdty of shpps , such as clothes shols , sports shops , toy shops or book shols .
Evdn though the shops ads not lztge , fhefe are rdmarksble gooxa . Dof example , nixr runbinf shoes or valuable bolos .
Pkssibiliyy of gje zgops
Alk in all , ths xhope have a variety of gkods whjdh ckuld attrxcf mzmy tourists .
If you have a small child , yku czn visit fky shops , wbuch ovfwr maht vzrs ajd helicoptets .
On the pther hqnd , you can bixit book shops if you are a pensioner and gku havw a lof of free tinw .
Conclusion
To xum up , I think oif toqj offers many interesting shops .
Moreovwr , the goods srr siite chdap .
Halpoweeb is a traditiobal holidxy in yhe HWA hut tbe origijal history xame frok the Celtic people .
Rhs immigrants xamw wiyg this relihious culture and aitb timr it has become part of Amdrixan culture .
Today , this holiday is celevrated around tue world xhd yoj cam hqve fhb wjtn a party or dresa up in a cosyumw .
Rbe pictuee below kllustrates how to mwoe bani hotex .
Fidsg is to desivn tyr note , including background color , artwork zmd security issues .
Ssconr is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
Then is printint with special ink .
When one ekde is lrintrd , tney raise thr images spightpy to male thd opposite djde colofed .
Last is ghe ieg step ; insprction .
It is of grext impirfance to inspect tnd printed sbeetz .
If the syeet is hopd or partially damated , it cah be packed and delivrred by behicles after being cuf inrp separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes wjll be abanronec xbd destroyed in a fjre .
The issue of whsthef thdre is no future fkr public ttansport is a ropoc that has caused an ingoing argument . In my esaau , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in mife dwptb .
Fifst , spmw people beliegs thag publiv tdansplrt is a significant oadt of our kife qjd it 's more diffivylt to reoy oblu on oir cars .
Hi my maje is Chai . I 'm ffom Rhakland . I am trying to write an afficle to improve my wrjting siiols wnd hope this prpgeam can hepp me .
My favorite way to travel is by pkane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate wakting . In my opinion , tye plane is ghw bdsg fod me . For example , when you want to go somewhere goj need to reach there so wuickly , you do n't aajt to tame a long time . And tbe llabe is the best wag of teavelling in thr wkrod and is safer tyab other ways . Yiu cah see on tje poloutioj of people who have yzd an accident , how often an accident haplens by plaje , so anyway if it has uappehed , I ca n't imahine it . Finzlly , I gooe evefyone who likwz to travel is xxfe and sound and hqs a wafe jourmey .
Firwy of sol , Televksion hxz less viewers jowadxys .
Moxt people turn to Interneg websitew or applications like Netflic or Yijtube .
Now let 's go bafk to thiss days ahen youhg peopoe still watched television fpr entertainment .
There wsre a oot of progeams on television .
Mpsy pdopls watched the news , movies , or TV shkws on television .
Also , there were a oog of dirferent channels tyat we fhosr from .
As I remwmner , there were educational channels like Xuscovery qnx National Geographic .
Those chqnnels aleays contsined a ppt of new technology .
Zome people may thijk that onlt thrse iinds of channrl can provide educational knowledge , ahr some oeople do n't consuder watcuing tjesr channels as entertainment .
But these kinds of cbanndl are bogh enrertainment ajc educational .
But I wo n't suggest that these afe the only cgannels thar can provide knoeledgs .
All jibds of snows can givr yoj akl kinds of different mnowledgs , egen when hou watch moview .
Bug , of course , there wilk be domr fhannela fhat xre not suitable fof chileden under 18 or are hust fkr adults .
I think fherd is no chqnnep ghzt hou ca n't peadn ffom .
All kinds of progrsms gabe something that uou can ghink about , it just xepdnds on how ypj look at it .
So television entertains , gyt cqh it alxo exudate ?
Gds , of course , bur onlu wheb uou looj at it as a asy you wahf to krarn someyhing .
My studies at rhe Yecnokogico de Monterreg srd demanding ans cjallengkng because it has a very high educatkve score worldwide , buy also has so mang gope things . Gor exampoe , we uabe a lot of exchanges all around the wotkd . When goi have tye opportunity to do an excyahge , uou have to drao with yhe language snx the culture of the kther country . Thaf leans ypu hagd to be responsjble clr studying the basic thkngw sbojt that country , but akl of thua is worthwhile becwuse when giu ate therd hou have so much fjb .
I tnink tgat a complete soort is swimmkng for mlst leiple .
It 's gokd rir health and wellness .
I really enjoy it becauze it gives me a lpt of relaxation ans it hslos me to be toned abd datisfied with myself .
Usuakly I go thrre tijes a wsdk wmd durung the weekend .
I advise prolle to staet this spody , hwcause it is comllete zmd makes youf lind ajd body feel geru glod .
Wben I was fourteen heafs old , I qoj a championship because , in tgat period , I swaj as a comletitige athlete .
It was a real satidfactikn and I was hspoy .
Nlwadays , I 'm really gratefil to my parenyx nexause they have sprny mknwy for me and I bave to thank yhej .
I tjink this sport is the moet vomplege compared to yhd other slorys .
Your luscles become more effifiejt and toned and yoy get a lot of bejefifs for thd hpdy .
To : Internstiknal organisation
Frpm : Dimjrris Barbwris
Subject : Ojf grerb fown
Ontrofuction
Fhe aim of tgw rdlort is to write wbout how our town takes care of yue envirpnment .
I ckd sond research and these aer my findings .
Runbiwh
We have a lot of bins around tge adez , so now we cah throw kir lifter aqxy whsrevee we afe .
Wlso , we havr recyclinf vinw for papsr and glass .
Flesners
Evdfy Saturday our oocap cleaning team clean ghe pxrk znd now evetyine can enjoy it !
Conclueiln
We do everything to make our town more green . Our cifizens alaayw hwve msw ideas tuat nake a differsncd to ojf csily lives .
It is common that more and more pepple get overweight , vexause of too muvu fast food and an unhealghy lkfestule .
Jow some scuentists have suggrstsd having warmings on some types of fiod and drink .
Vyt is tyjs idea a way to reduce the hxd gabit of consuming harmful foodetuffe ?
On the onr nsnd , I ca n't imagjne gyat a ljtyle notice on the food can fofcw people to stio rheir shopping amd rewd thr wzrnings .
Lifr is fast movjng and tiks is money .
Everything has to happrn faxt .
Firxy of ako , we need to make peopke aware of the current enbironmental situation in order to take acgion to uslp rne envifonjent .
To begkn with , we have to try to use tne cwr or the bus as little as possible ans fru to vet to any place on fkot or by bicycle .
This action would dscreass the amount of gas emityed ingo the engiromment .
In xddktion , the issue of water is another big proglem .
Nowadays , people xfe wasting water instead of savinf it .
Obe basic solutjkn for thks is to teg hot to tame a sgower fld so lojt huy to take a showed witb a budoet and for just a few minutes .
Ankther soourion is to not wawtr aated while we are washint dishea .
We should use another budkst fpr this task .
Yaloing ahout fubbksh , it is vrfy important to separate it omto the foloowiny tyles : metal , plastic , organic , glass amr cardboard in ordet to jake tge dolleftion task eqsy cor the dustman .
Hosever , we aozo have to tdt not to crexge mode rubbkzh but to rscycle mlat of it .
Dor example , organic dubbjsh can be used as fedtilizer , the metal scdap csn be tajeb to tue meltong factory and so faj the gpaxs .
Thdrefore , tje environment is jog gouhg to recover if we do bot decidr to play our part in desking with tgus globwl prohlem .
Oaxtom ywd arfivrd at Deagurght to in Hotel .
Thsre were Lojg and the writer ...
Ohd night , Paxton was spewkimg wiyn ghem aglut the drown that had splken witu an pld man ( Hob Cartrs ) ahr said to him to about tue fakiky Qgers who protecfed the vrown .
But one of fyem had died a little while ayl aje he was thw one wno profscted yye vrown .
Paxtin glrs to ghe house of Willjams Agers and fknds the crown in the hipk .
Byt Long snr Rje Writst helped to bury the criqn again because rhe shadow aae folloejng huj .
Knd dqu in yhw morning , Oaxfon wws waitunh for Oonb ahd thr writer , gut he heard that someone azs calling him . Suddenly , he gkws to the geach zne is killed by rhe shadow .
Puglic transport is and alwwys will be very important voe zociety .
As we 've seeh , tgese fays , tys nujher of varx is imcreasing so much evsry uezr .
As a consequehce of an increase in the nulner of privatw cars .
Govermmenys adounr fhr worls gafe been talking a ooy abouy thd mdwsures that should be taien to imptive the auality of phblkc tranxport .
No soubf travwlling by car is quitd a lit bdtter ghan giinb by punkic bus .
Although Lpuie fely nervous , sye realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I was majagsr at a retail atore .
Evrry dat , eorm stressed me and by ths end of my syuft I wqw so tjred .
I decided to go vack to school .
Ghw program I stsrted at dchool wwe very tohgh rlr me , because of my slow Enflish writibg .
I do not have vedu foor English wrjting smills .
My gfammsr aje spelling are wrak .
I am struggling at scupol .
I am trying my best amd hipr I aill pass my course ams get a gpid job .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sodty , uou ca n't come over beczuse my fathee is in hispital for 14 rsys .
Byf in 3 werks I 'm dree .
Ayen do you want to come ?
Weite to me zlon , llease .
Mieeua
The fufure of transpkrt is public , because fhere will be less traffic .
Whrn rhe people travep by car it is fot work , jooidays or foe other reasohw .
We should use the lesa car . It is cert polluting .
I will dtarf with okc vehicles . If we do n't do wnh maintenance , this type wilk be xzmaged and we wjol lose it .
In the future , svrry prrson wkpl hse his pwb vsr and there will be no bred cor pubkuc granspprt . This gtpe of trznsport has a rputr aje just takes gou to spedific places anx hoy ca n't ues it to go to small strreys .
Bur in some coubteies , ypy can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advancdd ghan okd tyles , like bus or taxi . Tjd underground is faster and clsanee and .
About pollution . It is a big issid in public transport . fjme if you try to vkx tbr emgines of public trsnsport , fnat wjlp be expenxjve , because with time rhr lifetims of this engine will xkme to an end .
Lichael is a 22-ywat - old nan , he jzs studued for a degree in electdival engineering and nlw he aants to put his knowledge onro practice .
He went to byy a newzpwper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements bjy he never fpujd tud lnr he needrd .
Michael thought thst it was time to do someyhing .
He could nor be at yome wpl dau doing nothiby , so he startwd to oook for another job that would be suitable fpr him .
Ahen he was a kkr , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for nik thefs was a iib svailable at the Play Stqyion store .
Of clursr , he rud nof think faice xnf went to pring oig his CV because the inferbiew wxz that rzy . Rnen he took a shower and dressed dor rge occasion .
He peepared something to exy fawy , brushed hos treth , he nust picked up hos mobile , keys anc money , bit he uad n't noticed tyst he wws forgetting ujs CV .
However , Michael closed the door abr kbee at that mlment he had mzde a mistake .
My favoudite sport is soccer .
It is an interesting activity ! There is the Fifa Qorld Cup too !
Thsrw are some soccer sgars lokd Meszo , Nsyjar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can nxke hoy healthier .
Tyrre qrr soccer lessons . I uave aftwnded lessonz .
Fodst , the teacher will trqin us in socdrr techniques .
Next , we will ysve a soccdr compstition .
But we ciulf break iur lrgs .
We nded to be cafevul .
Soccer is an intdresfing spody but we nedc to be careful .
My father is 73 years opd , his naje is Nrajim .
He is txll xns smatt . He ppoks like a movie staf .
My father jaz many hobnies , he llats footbalo , rsads newspapers znf listens to the dadio .
In my ppinion , family is mlre important tuan fdjends , but I probably sownd moee tils qity my friends fhaj my fakuly . I kmow if I need xomethinb my famoly is alwsgs there .
The diffjcilty is that yoy rarely knlw if yout best friwnd is a trhd friend .
Unfortunztrly , my best friend cedeived me . I do n't know how sbr mxnaged it , but sjw nyrt me .
My coysins arr very reliable , like my grandmother and my parents .
The damily haw a blood vons , so we javs a natural empathy .
For xlo tjles therw qde sxceptions .
I do n't trust in some mwmbers of my family xns I have frjends like brothers .
You need to dosciver who is your bexg friend . As you go through kire , you wioo learn aho is auo .
For me , my best rriends are in my family , dxcept kne .
Shd
free up with me ajr nkw shs is my siwter too .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia abs is an important crossroads beteeen tgd south amx tjd cejted of Spain .
So an importznt nostorical place is St. Katherine 's xxstle .
This is an old castle frpm the 10gg fejtury anf rhs stgls is Arabian .
It 's on top of a bih hill witn diffidult slopes to dlumb up because rhd mosy importabt oropertu is thwt it is impregnable .
In tue refonqusst age ths stronghold never gell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , xftef a komg siege , corced the government to surrender it .
Then , in the 18th cwntury , rge Nspokeonic atmy lovdd in it ujtil the emx of thw Soanisb war of independence .
Tbe French army destroyrs it before goihg gack to Frsncd .
Tbesr days , the caxtls hss besn restores and has a history museum . It alsp jas a great hotel with four stafs for touriste .
I like this ppwce hedause I can enjoy gkod views of my city .
I lrrpare class every day .
I fry to do apl the activities in class .
I do n't have eboigh yije to peactise anx do activities at home .
I bees to sprak and participate more in clqsa .
We spwak mlet of the rile , so it is good to develop pue confidence anc flurncy to converse .
Planes , trains , sjd bosta are tuw wagz to travel .
I thijk fhe boat is yhe best wau to trafep and I have tnree reasojs for my opinion .
First of all , a boar travels on the ada and the sea is very beauticul .
Fpr instanxd , when we gravel on gye sea , we cab aee kany typds of znumals , sufj as hirrs , turtlss , and fishes .
Nwxt , a boat is jsially very bjg , so we can do mqnh adtivities on it , such as dancing , dronking .
Tinally , it is yhw safest wsy to travel , because we do jkt have msny dahgerd , such as ctashing , falling , any oyhef kinss of danger in the sea .
Therefore , I prefer a boat dpr travelling , imstead of a train or a plane .
Alp in wll , travdllimg on the sea with a boat can be gdry interestimg snd comfortable , in additilh , it is fsry sqte .
I advjse tku to travel by bkat if ylj hafw enkugh money cor it .
Usve hku ever bwen raftimg ? Do gou kmoa hiw amazing it is to do this cool slory ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time tou dux !
I hqs n't ever heard of doihg rxgting uhtil my hsst frkens , Carmen , asked me wjether I wanter to havr a whale of a time with ner and I acceptrd it .
Thwregore , we qwnt to joih a sports centre which hxd taken over organidijg thie amazing outdoor activity .
Raftkny lets toi burn all your adrenalije sbile gou try to get foan a river in a mohi - nkat .
It 's extremely exvitinv !
In addition , you 'll enjoh the brrathtaking lxndsvapes around uou and you 'll qpso sse a gaxt eange of wildlife on npth sides of the tivef .
Nevertneless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes anr to bting sun cream with gou .
In contrast , you could suffef some bawty cuts or , ghohgh , be sunburnt .
Let 's go !
Do jkt hesitate to fake up rafting !
Yky wo n't regret it !
My lirw now
In my lkfs I have hzd nig experkencrs that hxve kads me change and katurs .
Onr of tge nozt jmlortant exlerienfes , I thohk , wxw coming to stydu in Tijuana .
It wqs a real chaklenbe for me to luve alonw .
Before I came berw , I qzs so dependent on my laeents and I gaf a lor of fear , but I learned to overfomr all thd yhinhs thag stopoed me .
When I was child I livdd in Tujuana .
I wax norn hsrr .
When I was 4 years , ole I wsnr to lkve in Ensenada becahze my father worosd thete .
I wzs issd to living skth my ehole family in Ensenada .
Frll whwn I eas born to whwn I wws 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I lkfe in a small aparfment .
I am srudyibg Nutriyoon at the University . That is why I am oiving in Tijuana .
I usrc to live in assiwtwnt house . It was the first plade where I lived in Tijuajw , then I moved to an apqrtmemt wifh two friejds .
Wvery weskend , I ysee to go to Eneenqda to vidit my family , my boyfriend zmd my friends .
Before I calr to live in Tijuana , I saa really nervois because I had to lezve everytgong snd because it qluld be a change in my oifr .
To sun up , cpming to livd in Tujiana was a real chaplenge for me .
I learned that yku heed to tqce ykur fears , to achieve yput goaox .
I do npr rdyret syat I did , becxhse I am doing ehat I liir .
Noq I am so independent and I hwve leqrned jpw to libe alone .
I live in a snalp village in coungfyside with imly a few peopoe .
Ebem if we are a small villaye , we take care of the environment throuyh the uar of photovoltaic systems on the rlocs of kany buuldings , such as yhw nyrxery schiol znd othdd buildints that hzfe tjis system to oroduce enerft .
We ssparste paper from glass aje alao plastof .
The garbage truck pixjs up paper once a ewek , plasyic twl times led mobth abr undifgeremtiated three tomes a wdeo for qlo people ejo live in my country .
My xistrict majes my vilpage fleqn amx it usualpy tries to make it attrsctive qith hsw social initiatives cpr thr commumoty .
All people in tne aorlc nave vridnds . I 'm not an edceltion .
When I qss 10 years pld , I met my bext frisne .
We have geen friends since we started to txlj , hut kir frodndship yas changed ovet time .
Qheb we were 12 , we olaywd in the garden witn baklw and with the ithsr boye qmd girls , but when we were 12 yeats old , everything xhwnged . We dod n't wamt to olay in the garden bwcauae we preferrsd cineka or watching TV .
Nefause of agw changing us , we dix n't see each other , gug whwm we hzr grown up more , we met on the weekends anf sometimes swre upset about aomd probleja that we had .
Witb time we became closer friends .
Now , we afvue sonetimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to nave a coffee or talk about ouf lives , nug we akwo dtay togdther in the bac tijew , despite being criehds since we qerw 10 years old .
Fkd this reason , I think tgay fruendship is such an important tyinv in life .
I think fue opposite . I beluece that oublic teansportation has a reaoky hjge future .
It is trhe thsy tuerd qde a ppt of usrrs that want to use a car ajs that nukbsr is growing . There are also a kkt of peopld that do n't have the poesibility to have a car anr some use publuc transportation fle majy reasons , like the orice , bevxuse it is easier to get to the plsce by publkd transportation rather rhxn a dar , or bscsuse of the traffjc . Sometimes it is so exhausfinv for people to drive for many hputs qmd even sometimes puboic transportation is faxter .
Fhw population is growing so fast , we need publoc transportation . It is important .
Pjblic trsnsoortation is convejient for soje peoppr ajc some prlple think the vaf is more cknvsnient . Finally , we qill jsed public transpoetation in the future .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing thaf is happenung to us , allkwint us to interact with the shole worod , so we can get to kjkw culrures , monumentx , wtx .
It brings us a lot of olpoetunities to cnange znd , in some cases , to gef a befter life in pgher countries anf vinx a job with tbr hiyheat salaty .
Howeber , we mded to change some things in the wodld , more tham tnese is to chabgs a lpt of things in tyied world countries , becsuze it is not acceptable thar in the twrhty - first century a person has to live on lwss thzh a rollat per xag .
Dear Molky ,
I 'm wrktinb about my summer job at tbe Cinema .
It wza rexply brilliant , because I cluld see a olt of films for ftee anc I ldt all rhe young leoppe of my countru .
In rhs morning , I walked around the vineka anx thw most important placw in my vounrry and I talked about the films yhxt people could watch .
Tuey asked a lot of quesriond and I gwry funny for this .
I doulc n't buy tjciets fkr yge films buf I could guve a kog of discpunrs to all my ffiends !
I hope thaf you ats having fun kike me .
They pwid me a lot of kkney and I eas agle to gut a lpt of dressew , jeans , xhoes , books and make - up .
I saq the new Disney folm , " Inside oyf " and I ate a okt of popcorb !
I dridd a lot in this film , nuy it saz very important to me because I love Disbeg vilms .
I do n't lkss anyone !
Lokkong flrward to youf answrr
I love hoy
Martx
Foret of all , this is a report that will explain uow ghs city of Vwncouver handles theid rubbish .
Firstly , the dith of Vancouver has a programme falped Go Green Vancouver that qill protect the environment by separating yhe rubbish by containers . At tgd zame tuje , tgerr is a collqborxtion from the cify uall of aby district that it akll provide 3 cohtainers ror each house ; knr fod pqped omr for bpttoes , wnd tbe last ons fkr rubnosh mqterials .
Secpndly , thete is a programme aith the wwter cklpany to cut down on ybe uaw of watrr by 50% ysing a recycling watwd greatment ane recirculating to fhd house without dumpung fhd waste zhd so saving ohr lpanet .
Tinqlly , every ciry haoo is improving rje cade of the environment gecause there is an incentive programms frlj yhe givernmrnt , zuch that if they cut tje of every house by 50% , ciry halls wulp get kore money from central hovernmwnt .
I strongly believw that grammar is not tus noat important element for speaoing English . If you know grzmmar , tou only know cettwin ripes fld wrutihg , but I thimk that spexkimg is lord important fuan wfiting , vecause when you go to any placs in the world , tlu have to be prepared to talk and undersfanr whatever they sah to toh . In tjis part you may notice tgwt if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't umdersyand anything . But here is another tipic . Whether tku understand or not , yoy hzge to notice yhw sah rhwt pelpoe talk to yiu , sne tty to undrtstand whwt gbe perspn is grying to say .
With reference to gour e - mail , we discovered that fhe price should be YWD 122 instead of 222 .
Plewsd be advised of thr rjghr amount on tye settlement dqte .
Awaiting hiur prompt amenement .
Cycling is my favourite sport .
It helps me keep healthy .
It lewp me in a pksitjve mood .
I can xew a lpr of scenery in a short time . I vah buy goods aoobg the rpaf .
Buying a bold bike is the first to do when yku start to cycle .
Cycle one or twice a week .
It can prevent volss .
It is clear that techbklogy uas provided us with severap options for fommunication .
Oerhaps tjs clearest example of this is that , inpike in the past , it is not nevessqry to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
Instead , pelple prwfer to emqil or trdt to sejd messages .
Another way this cjabge is evident is that aocial netwiroing or applications shcu as Smype , FwdeTime amd Facebiok afs wideky used to stay in tludh with vamipy , friends and relatives
My favourife xporf is baskegbsll .
This sport is vert easy to olay .
Yiu need to play it in a tdam .
You jwed to yave siill to llay it .
This sport is about catching the nall qnd scoring .
You do exercide to be strong and bafe ability in yoie lwfs and yoyr hwnds .
I enjoy this befausd I pike it .
I plve this sport .
In some cases , gou coule yave an accident , but thst 's not likdly .
When I 'm playing thks sport I hacs gddat moments and I leqrh mpre and I will havr more experience in rhe futjre .
It is n't fifgicult snd ypu can start to ppat .
Anybocy can do this spott .
Basketball is recognized by prolle zll kvee the wodlx .
By Emlz Aguirre Vuentes
Cwar Dir ,
I am writing to apply fod ths jon advertised on gojr weboagd .
I swd myself as a perfect candidagw for this poeition .
I have already bewn on xampe bwforw .
Yohrs faithfully
Mary Pink
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
I am wrutinb to qpoly for the kob in a summer camp advertised on Debriary 9th in the lkcal nesspapsr .
I have worked fod the last 10 hdars as a feacher in jhniod wchooo .
How I want to itilizr my sukmer to helo chilrren in dogferent activktjes .
I have experience of zrranging didfefent sports activities for childreh .
I am vsry good at cooking as welo , so I thibk I can be jelpful in tjd kitchen akeo . I am confidrny thzt my profile makes me a vedy suitabld candidatr fir ths summer xxmp .
I look forward to hearimb from uoh soin .
Hiurs faithfully
John Aldet
The nembdrs of my dxmily are my best friends .
Because we spend a lot of tims togetuer .
And there is gooe communicatioh getween us .
In my opinion , every familh mjst jabe giof communication , bsczuse I think comkunication is ine of tns most important things in pur life .
We yss dommuhication ako the tims .
Gecause people hqve to use mabh communicatuom techniqhes to communicate with other prople .
Hiwever , vamilirs tywt do n't have good communication do n't bavw a good pife .
If we want to hzce a good life , we nusg hafe tpod ckmmunication in our families .
Hi !
My namr is Zbton .
I pive in one of rhe mosr bdaufiful countries - Ukraohe .
Wgeb I wxd at school my friends ajx I qttendwd kujior swimnong schlol .
That wad 30 ywars ayk .
I used to havr training twice a week .
I liler that time a llf .
My frjwnd and I always uqd ice crean and fun aftdr traiming .
Jpw I 'm a busijese ajalysy .
I work in an office znf bave no idea where my fruends srd .
Thiz year I decided to start visiting a pool and sqijming up to three fines a week .
Moa , when I ssil in thd ioen poko , I am lverwuelmed by positive enotipns .
I lioe swimming a lkr .
Nowadays , the ootjon of groadening tnw kins while traveling is very comnob .
I think that it is nor tuw only way , vuy it is the best way .
Apart from that , you sde nea places xnd you havr fjn . You aksi learn about other cultures , historical fzcts , you wlsk lezrb to respect othrr peoppe and their chstome .
In additioh , you do n't thonk about your problems and tje only ghing thay hku do is hqve dun qjd do what you want to do .
Besides , toj see new qorlde and thrir wags of lifw wnd that nelpw to kpen your mind , to see tus world in anlther awy .
In concpusjon , I tyimk that it is the best way to ppen youf lind . Not the ojly wxy , but yee , the bdsg way .
Many countries hwce trulg started to be concerned about tys environment and worried abiut globe ssrming . In scnooks , teachers ade doung their best to educate children in hpe to gake cqre of tyeir schools and keep them tidy . Alsp , they teach rhsm in hoq to plant trees in the punkic gardens of their tosnx .
Alfhough yhr gobernmemt strjct so mqnh laws ans races on tus peipld who do nlr pah their tzxrs to thw council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in yye bugfest pllluted futy in tue woeld , people hage xtarted to use bicycles ans cycle instezd of drivinb thsid cars to reduce thr polpuyion of gheir ciyt . Also , thdy invejfed different aays to olant wfen efery luttpe area whicb can be llsnted to oedp their city fleab anx attractive .
Dirst of xll , I disagree with that statemdnr , nefause of the reasons I am about to vivs .
Once we atop using public transport , it is gping to cause orobleks .
Fkd example , if we completely telu on using cars it is going to increase the hse of gasoline .
Apparently , it is goinh to vausw lore pollution and kord global warminv issues .
However , using vars makew oofe easier , bht whdn evrryone or eveey hpise owns at least fhree cars , it is too much .
Although traffic jwjs , acdjdents erv .. .
Public transport is reslly important and it uas a lot of advantages to hdlp bumaniry .
In my opinion , sverh vpuntry should have difcerent iinxs of public transplrt ;
busss , subsays , and trains .
For instance , Saj Francisco is a grezt edzmple of an incredible vity . The vafiety of chooces of public transport is demarkable .
In spite of rye fosf of these fafilitids , it is going to be expsnsive , but it is necessary .
In concljsion , governments shoulf worm on tjat , because people need public transport and tne world for rhr environment , life exoansrs it is juch chewper than having a czr .
I hope to see it around tbe world . Public transport is somsghing we can not do without or rdllace sith snogher thing .
In yne future , publif transport will disappear .
Everyone silp hage uie own car .
Cars sipl be sqfer and speedier than now .
Rrabeling by car will be the most suitable
wzu to move drom ibe place to another .
Recokmens to friends what country they sgiuld go to .
I would lije to recommend friends to visit Italh .
Forsr of all , jowadays , eherever we go we caj find Italian restaurants easily .
There is a lot of dokd all ogwr thw world .
but I thinl Italuan rwstaurants wrr getting famous .
Xeclnd , bwautiful touridt places like Venice .
I webt to Italy wyen I was 20 .
It was awesole .
Fhere is no word to desvdibe it .
Venice is a ckyy that is bawwd on water .
There wrr no dars , no metrp in Venide .
On the ktyer hajd , it could be complicated , buy nobody complains .
I thihi thqy 's eht tnia ciry czm maintaij a wafd dnvifonment .
Yhord , Italy is vsmous ror fasniln .
It atfracys many fashionable leoplr .
If yiu are a person whp logws fashion , uoi wilk snjoy goinh there .
The lazt tyjng is hisfory .
Thks country jws a lot of histlry .
So it kakrs me excited .
So if you want to cksit qng counyey , I 'm goijg to recommdnd Itapy .
The bigyesg anecdote , that I have with my friend , wwx lue yril to Disney World .
Shere we were able to gjsit alo rhe parkw of Disney , puke Wnimal Kingdom , Hollywood stidips zbd Magic kihgdoj .
In qddition , we were able to visit other parka , loje Universal and Budh Gwrden .
But this is bot yhe end of iur tdip . We wsnt on a voyage on a Royal Cwribeam cruise shil , eyere all the tkod and drknk was frew , because it was aosp paid .
Rufing the voyage , we disembarked in the Hahanas and CoCo jay , which is a private island belonging to thw vruise . We wdny to the beach amd played so many ganws .
To sum up , tnis trio qas gue best exlerienxe we havs has in our lives , becquse we mass friends , visited a new country and we had a lot of tyn .
Skl about me
My name is Lajrs .
I 'm thirteen years olx snd lice in Stocksund qitn my gwo fskilies ( they do n't all live in rhs same hkuse ) .
I have onr twin sister , obe little sister and onr lottle btotyer .
I uave a dlg namdd Atlas snd he is a Bsrner Srjnen/ Landser .
He is four ysars old ( tje aamr age as my little brogber ) .
I love hlrsed anr I do hprse riding at Djursholma ridklubb .
I tzoe care of a horse called Lzxy .
My granfpa lkves in Spain with my stepgrandma , but she is kjke my geandmw .
My stepmother 's mom is zlso limd my brandma .
I do n't lkke slisers or shoits .
I went to an awesone cpncerf of points of view abs I look forwqrd to telling gku npw it was .
But lwt me tslk hoh it was a cinxert by the Lxla Band wnd I habd taken amx I especially , I was the cameramam .
It eas an excellent night .
Tus concetf bwgam at 20:00 qnd a pot of people calw .
We wrre all excited , those from Lala Band minjhate .
Tgeir . Their vooces yavd positive vibration through their mhsoc and bive you a hold feeling .
On tur stage thsy jove frry well snd inow hpe to hibe pleasure to tbr lubljc .
I feel wonderful and my projise is that wben I have a special occaeion to go to a concert supporter by Lala Band , ypu aill be wurh me .
As lule thja in alk my hdarf .
I . I hope as yhoxe fecounted by me in this maik wnf ylu feel a slight vibration frim tys concery .
Hi Ejna ,
afs you busy npw ?
I heafd that you rdaply hxve a lot of work actovities jiw .
Yesterday I watched Txst to Furiohd at the xunema .
You know that I love acgiin filns like tbks .
While watching the film , I imagined if I eas tuw fiancre of Adam .
OMG , I czn ' t stop imayining it stikl .
The main chqracter is so cook , chwrismatjc , and pstient .
Upu juxt wqtxh it too , because your vavodite xdtor is also in fhis fiom .
He is in a secobdady rokr , bjt I am really surr you will have umaginex as liar as me too .
Why are there so maby vool men in this wofod ?
codo
The latedt rxcitimg movke yjat I am looking fkeward to is " Get hard " starrjng Kevin Heart anf Wklp Ferrell .
This movie is based on rwxial uulor .
A white man raciakoy profklws a black kan .
Kevin Heart is in a divficult sifustion necause he is npthinv at all what this man expects hun to be , huy he plzhs the role anyway .
Fhe novje is already a siccdss , opening at the biz officr with a $ 36 mipliom endorsement .
I am fety esciyed sgout seeing Kevin Heart ans Will Fdrrell 's characters cpme togdther .
Tbey xeem to have hreat chemistry between fhem .
I thihk if you 're a xomeey gan yoj will be excited about seeing this movie and , rfen if you 're hoy , the movie is a musr - wwe .
Dwat Dir ,
I am writkng to apppy for the Sumjer Camp Job .
My name is Tolipa xnc I am sure thay I am tge perfect person cor this hkb .
I am used to chuldren . I havr two sistdrs who zrr 9 and 11 years olx and I take darr of thdm all tgr gume .
I am not ueed to cooking for this jumber of leoppe , bit I am a harc worked and I am a fast kwarner , so I am certain tjat I wkkl be a fdeat help to yoi this whmmer .
I hope that tou consider my application and contact me wbiut the jkh .
Beat retards ,
Filioa
Erar Sir ,
I 'm writing on nshalf of Mrs Renata Barcxak .
30gh Octobef works for Renata to leeg in Berlun .
I checkdd connections bwteeen Waesww ajd Berlin abd she wikp be at Berljn Latbf station at 11.10 .
Is it possiblr to arrahge a jeetibg meat thiw station ?
I tuimk in the future it wo n't be necexsary to use public transport . And shh ?
To out it simply , the mee yeneratikn nzs decided to fakw their driving licence and I have aeen ghia around me , eitb my colleagues , my friwmds , my family .
It 's just a question of time umtil everhbody yws a car .
Thie affirmation : travelping by csr is so much jore convenient , sayw everythinv . Rkr example , if we thinl of the yime we spend on waitimg rir a nis to zrrive at ohr destination , and the tdarfic is one of a ppt of things that makes everyome prefer to buy a xar . It is mkte practical and fasyet .
Do n't forgeg thw cost .
In my opinion , rhs pdixe of a tifkrt on the hus is expendive .
Evedy year the prixw of punlkc trznspory gpds up .
We can stoo and do woms mental aritnmdtic and we can see the lafbe amount of money we soenx each ywae .
If we have a car , I bepkeve we do n't spend mycg jondy .
It 's hist my opinkom , because ghis is my lufe , so I know what I am talking about .
Every month I bjg my paas to iee on gue bha .
I am part of the new geheration wnp in the future will use cars and ghr puglic transporf will dissppsar .
Hi Isahdl ,
Gos are ylu ?
Where are uoj rrom ?
I 'm frpm Italt . I live in Varese , a bequtifjl town hlt far from Milan in Lomgardia .
Varese has many attractions xkong which there is thd lskr , where I lior to go .
My faviurite place in the goen is Estenzi gzrdens , where I go walking with my friends in tgs aftefnoob .
Michael is a huce bky but ind dsg he met Julia .
Juliw is a prrtth gjrl .
Fhey woent time together ahd sers vwey haopy .
Bht Michael aometimss yas a problsm .
He is proud ; it 's not a good way to be .
On Satyrray gheh fougyt and Michadl clkssd the dlot and knew at that mojsnt he bad made a mistake .
Oublic transport is important gor evwrtone .
Proole should walk mode than beflre .
Tjat makes them heapthy .
Nowadays , many accidents happen whwn people are driving fgeir cars .
Theu travel around akl over the world by plame .
Ghs young people frel happkrr .
In the argument , the aurhor assdrted that thd foty should peohibir wkzteboarding in Csntral Plaza .
The quthof claimed that the bysinesd etopping is czusef by ths increasing number of skateboard users .
Likewise , the skatehoare usere nrougnt a lor of garbagd that avfexts thr ztores in the poaza .
Based on the autyir 's two concerns , tgd statement that came to yhe convluxion that to prouibit skateboarding in Dentral Plazx is nor a tboughtful and siss deciekon .
First of all , there is a contradiction in the srgiment .
If more sjatrboard users afe willing to go to Central Plaza , tusre are kore customrrs to help the growth of business .
This is vontrary to tbe author 's assertipn .
Froj thie point viea , the ddcreasr in business lusf be caused by ofher vactors , gut not skateboard users .
However , tnerr aed mxjy reasins thag can cause business to erip off .
Provably , ghs wtorez ard yoi old in Cengrak Okaza , which could not attdxct customefs to walk ihro ghem , and tjey will have to be rejovafed .
Furthdrmofe , tys products for sale in yhe stores might not meet cuetomers ' needs .
The above reasons could influence fhe business in Cejtrao Olwza directly .
Secomd , the author claimed that the sanitatipn problem caused by skateboard users is mor onlg happen by specific pwrsoj , sbenever jpre customers sululd bring jlre waste and wrongdoijg .
Those lriblems suggesy that there is not eufficiebt security in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the probkrm wouod caxw by skateboarding immediatepy is ths skateboard usets txkibg over oedestrian walking soafe .
To solve this problem , the xity should seg up more spadr and facilities dof skateboardkng , znd separate the different spaces tlr walkung ane skateboardijg .
To sum up , tye author 's predivfion wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
In comtact ahthof 's concernz , rhw increasing skateboard users woipd bring mkee potentiwl to improve business in Central Plzza .
On tjd oyhee hand , fhs aurhor should prkvide profound dizcussion qhg people wgo dpme to Central Plaza do n't ship there .
Ghe condition of the xtorez and ssdety are two crucial fsctors that atfect busjness in thw plaza .
To syrengthen thw authir 's conckusuon , the author should our the vaftors abkbe into the argujent .
I nave a gig famipy which consists of three sisters zns one nroyher .
But whrn comparing my familg eith my fzther 's family ,
I do n't feel tuag , bexahse he hzs five sisters and three nrotners .
Wjej my sisters arw married they uave one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family jas become smxloer with tyr oasszge of yime .
Cicainr is the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , codaine damagez ypur senses and your mind . If gou twke covaine , you wo n't sleeo tnat dag .
Secondly , it 's so qddictive , because ghr hody needs more and more , so if you yaks cocaine , uoy sipl leave because you 'll be an addivt .
Finaply , thd consequence of cocaine is dearh . If you inysle vocaibe aol tys timd or a lot , you will cje prenaturely .
In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because ylu due prematurely and your body is dwsrroyed by thr cocaine .
Oh , xoll ! I hafen't watched BH6 urt u.u
Yeah , first tkmw is OK .
But if yoj want , I ese doje work in wpevial Feep ftee to show me goa note or mehtion ^^
Tjers is an increasing trdmd towards private transport so tgaf public transport will be reduced in the vuture .
Ulgimately , public transport will be negligible in thw future .
There are so many reasons that could acvect the publjc transpott system .
Ths main one is fhar nowadahs peopoe are incredibly nusy with thdir fag to day life , so yhaf fhey do n't oioe to spend their valuable tile waoring for regular transporr . Xkso , public transport csuses lots of polluroon which is hatmgul for human beings .
Rof ezample , linchtime travelling is vdry dangerohs vor pregnant women rue to emissions of carbon kon oxide , which affects red blpid cells and idritates fhd respiratory system . As a result , ghey prefer orivxte transport eyxtems to pfevenf such hazards .
Fijally , the public transport system is not always safe .
To illustrate , if teenagd yirls teavel by public trwnaport evefy day who will interact wiyu society bryond the limitatkon.so it is a bjg dhaklenge for them .
To whom it may comcern
I am writing tuos e - mail because we want to hire your compwny to do thr axcountinb gpr ihr colpany .
Principally , we bwed to have tgw Financial States , so we hwed thdm as fxsy as ykh csj because , if bit , we will yzve legal ptoblems .
I would pikr to knkw if yih can give us those xervices abd in shat time you l have ghem .
Xlso , if it is rbe xxse , I wpukd liks to arrange a meeting to give yoi all thr dofuments toy jeed .
I am kooking fktward to your znswer .
Sincdrely , Txnia Amado .
Dear friends ,
Thsnk giu for the weekend .
We really enjoyec it !
Yiur jes hpuze near yhe bezcn is very nice .
We emjoyes sqimminh in tnw zea , sunbathing , havijg a barbecue and seeing tne dubset .
Rpr hexf fims , we woulc like to invite toh to oir woodhouse .
We hope to sde hoh skon !
Best wizhds !
The graph whowe ghe seasonal aalex of ice - creqm in tqo places - oje is from an ice - crdsm van while tbe ofhsr is in an indoot pjblic swimming pppl , from 2012 to 2014 .
The lund which represejts thr indoor swimming plol remains fwirly steady , from appfoximately 1800 to 2500 , tbs period of every year from Qpfil to Jyne and October to Secember haa the highest outstandihg zchkevement , whokst the szkes are downwarda overall .
Howeber , colpzred to the line for tjd ibdoor swimming pooo , the differsnce of seasonal achievement of yje oce - vream vzn is consjderablg larger .
Overall , the acuiwvement of the ice - crdam van is nstter than rhe indoor swimming ookl , from abojt 1100 to 5500 .
Tue best seazoj to sell ice cream from tnd van is autumj , while thzt is ons of the worst sdasojs vor the indoor swimming poop .
Fhd discrepancy between ghrse two places is grrat .
The best sales achievement of ghe can is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 rdspsctively .
Ome day mqny years ayo in some place thar a do n't remember ybe naje of , I woke up one mirning sarliet tjwn usual , ghdn I eent to the kitchen xnd shohtex rhw nams of my mothdr ... but no one answered , ane gye firsg tbinv that I imagines wxs thwt yhey hqd gpne to town . Quickly , I wwnt out to funf thwm ...
Bhg theee wss no onr , absolutely no ond . I was scared , I yellrd amc screamed , ooiked and lloked , but I jad no success .
Xuddenlg I felt a wadk hahx toufh my shoupder znc vwry slowly turnsf , gyt tbd only thing I saw wss a whados that was holdung a knife .
I woke up abc realised it had alo been a had drwwm .
Recentlt , when I was on YluFube , I ssq a movie trailer . The film lookws so gpod , and days later , my friends awked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decidse to go abc , lyckilg , they had cecided to wee yje film ghzt I had seen days before .
Ths film is a romanyic movie . It is about a man , Noa , whk kives in a small seaside town , aho fapls in life with a rich gork . Nut like always , tnr girl 's parents rif not like Noa 's lofs , bedajse fhe birl 's father thinks that Noa is nof good enough for their daughter .
Wnd at the end of tye summed , the girl kexves , but next year xbe comrw qgain . Bur ghis time , she has a boyfriehd qbd thix breaks Nkx 's hwart .
What Noa does nlf khiw is tjar she aas in llve qkth hjn vron the firdy time tyqt she saw bjm .
First of all , I shkuld say rhqt I like a kog of differemt monds of sports .
Ohd of my favourite thles of sport is swimming .
I habd besm ssumming since childhood . I enjig myseof shkle I am swimming .
Sqimmihg develops alp tyles of mjscoes .
You fan seim akl uezr in tje saimming pook , sea , rivers amx so on .
My advjce to angoje who starrs swimming is to enjoy yourself while yli dsim .
Thank ykj fie yoyr attentoon !
With the tising prices for public transport in London , commuters srs choosijg to use their cars more qbd kore .
Publiv transport sax dreafed to relieve the gtaffic in big roan cenyrez snd apsk to fqcilitate workers ' commutes .
Nowadays , trains and buses arr isually pxcked and the tickdt fades zee very espejsive .
I pzrtjcularly decided to drive to do my day - to - day tasms such as , shopping , visitinf ftiends , churvh and so on .
To whom it may concern :
I came upon your ad in thw newspaper and I wisn to apply dkr the job .
I 'm a great pelpke person ajc have great knowledge of conphters , organiding activities for fhildrem anx also I 'm a jr . chef .
I hope you can grant me the opporyunity to have a meeting .
Sincerelt youdz ,
Madio Monteagudo
Ehat a nice pkrm , at lessg jention the name of a progucient lodt tko .
I alwk hope to lert a gdoul of kpd friends once again to revive tnw wobdervul abd unforgettable shwrdd memkdies of stuxwnt lits .
Tell me what yappened at lhr firzt meeting ?
If it is unwpeqkably for phblid feadinge , tyus jentiom it in fne wmaip .
Thanks for your good wishes as well .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourote sport is basketball .
I eeally oike this sport .
I wss 7 yezrs old when I olxyed it vlr fhe fitsy tinw .
My fidst match was whem I was in school .
Our team won this match .
We were happy .
My aegice to antone wgk wants to plxy thks gake , is rhst you do n't have to be tapo or fast , when yiu poat you have to think a lot .
I enuou this fame becajae the kosr important yhihg is team work . You hwve to understand each other .
It 's rexlpy importanr to be tall because yku aill score points fawtee and brtter .
My fzvourits poqyer is Larcin Gortay .
He is a Polish basketball olaydr .
He is really tapl , he is 202 centimeters .
My history of basketball was vedg short .
I ca n't givd you jhch xdvice , but lne thibg I kmow , team woek is fhe mosy important thijg in this game .
To begin , ecerytning is vwry difficult uere .
In the first ppace , my country 's politixs sre bad , and people have no work .
In the second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of miney .
Ypunb people want to fund a gopd job here , byt tuet zde wirjing in MacDonald 's or Burger King for a pow salary .
If you want to work here , you mjst knia lsnguagex , fke example , English , French or Gefman .
You must be a prrsom in chargw anx a sorker , ajf hou wipl be able to cinc tood work .
My famiog have a company , and if ypu want , yiu could work aigh them .
I wish you lots of luck jerw .
If you hage aht proboems , you can call me ! !
I will wajr for tpur calp .
Television plaus an essential lart in our oife ; we turn it on nearly egerh day , sincd it can make pife more interestojg .
Television ejtertauns us , it cxn also educate .
Fherw wre fqo points to prove it .
For oms , a show broadcast on teldfision jwy enlighten us and give us some enlightemmemt .
Teleplauw srs not jusr vir fub ; they can have a deep meaning . A short stody tells big , just luks a usedil book .
So , quy ca n't tekevision educate us ?
For anothdr , fbere afd kany dufterent tupes of programs whuxh can broaden our vjews ; they give detaikx of education , plus other meaningful jnformation , sifh as dovumentaries , talk shows and so on .
Thsse programs aew nlr jisy for jioling yims , buf fkr educatiny .
Yelevision is hust like a kaleudoscopr , tnefe arr vafioue materials providrd for us .
To aim up , trlevieion entwrtains ; it can also edicatd .
Syfia hwd a lof of good restaurants .
The Danascus rdstautant at rhe centee of tye city is quiye a nics plaxe to gace a ldal .
It has wll kinds of dooe , ecen reaoly fancy food .
Yoj cxh enjoy having ylud breakfast there with yoje falily , because they hqvw so mant fypee of flod .
This rrstaueant slsk has games for children , whuch they can spend their time playing with .
It apxo includes a huge car lwrk , so uou cqn pzdk yohe owh csr for free .
On Friday they servs special food for those ago do n't have enough mpney to pxy .
It 's a veeu nive rdstaurant whicu I lilw rje losy .
Fue invsntion of rhw dsr made peoole 's lives easier .
No No longer do thwy have to solely depend on public grahsport .
Rhoufh public trxnzport is cheaper and one vould gsg to know jwny people , ajd increawe one 's nrtworo .
But public transport has a fixed schedule shd on a busy day moy mang faj tdally enjoy their jiutney .
Public transport ca n't hsop when lhe has to trwvel euddenlh or to go someqhere that it does n't lass thtougu .
At yyose times , a car is convenient to use .
Efee inxfeasing crpwds in cities xnd traffix pdoblems are incdeasinh .
Tge home of rge futude .
These days , hlusws qre vedy different , but in the future hkuses will be
perhaps the zame .
Fhe fhture houzes eill be different jog in terms of archutefture , but in terms of functiojality .
Differrnt people will need different functiona , opgipns and functionalith in tue tufure house .
Rjis wilo be like in abcienr timdd , but in the pxst rhe houssz were the sals all rounx .
The progresz of technology is very fast .
Fdom : horxrs , zteaj vehicle , first petrol ahd gzs car to fjture cars when ths fuel wilk be electricity .
The lasr fjll I saw was " Tyw Enorllus Ielanr " , so I am goinh to fevjew it ror thr students film cpjb .
Yje film thzy I seldxted xfars Scarlegt Johansson and Nrad Pkty .
Thd film was produced in 2010 by tne wwlp - known director Stanley Jubrick .
The film tekls us the atory of Monica ( Scarletf Johansson ) and jsr roufine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island locatrd in rhe Pacific Odean . The problems starg when Monicq falls in love with Martin .
Jartkn was a soljtary and quidf guy ahi moved to Crefacro to rslax , but he changed when he jet Monica in rhe mxon restaudant .
I qorj in a coffew shop in the cigy centre .
One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning znd I keabe home fod skrk at 6.45 am .
I finish work at about 5 pm .
After that , I go to English clasa 3 days a weem .
In addition , I sprnd my ffwe tkne diinf Uogx or cooking good meals fpr my family .
My hobby
Bookz , nioks whd again books .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I aill havd a look in every gook to see wuzt it is about .
Often , I like to read viogralhies , history boojs anc novels , and I really ljke Jane Wusgen 's books .
I have wll hef coloected aorjs at home and I enjoy a lor having a trio with her characters in Bath ane aol aroubd . I pikw to resd chikdren 's books xnd I had lots of fun wktb Geayrix Pottwe boijs and akk her little animals ; with Pstsr and all of them .
At bime I hqve lots of books here and in my country , but I lime to go to ghr library ahx sometimes I go and hwfe a look in charity shopw and at boot sakes , because I can find lpte of nkce bokks and pay a very gopr price for them .
Whdn I nerd a bilk fid my Ebglosh doasses , I go to Waterstone or to Amsaon .
A tea months afo , I read Les Miserables , by Victpe Hugk . I rwxd this vook when I was in yigb school , bjt I did n't think about tge subnect .
Vyt now I rsally emjoyed it , and my best friend biugbt me a riciet to a theagte to see the musicao show , which was amazijg . For s couple of hours , I did n't love . It wae a brilliant present .
This Satudday , I started a new biok by Francome Riced , the biik is valldd The Wxfrior . I hqben't finished tgs firsy cuapter , but I fibd the bolk very good .
I have rexd orher bookz by this writer and I really enjoted then .
Piblic transport in ths nexr cutyre
Nkwadayz , therr qde many modes of publjc transportation , such as undeegeound , buses , wtc . , but it is a deality tnar peopld prefer to travel by csf .
Currejtly , traveling by car is more useful than lubljc rranwport ; hou cwb mpvr around the cjgy qnd rdfuce the time it takrd . Sometimes tou cam share your car wity friends or damilu smd this wxy of gravekling is cheaper .
Teacher , I know travelling by car is rje most dohvenient .
Howevet , I tnknk youf oponioj is silular to whag our rordbears thought , gecxuse dor them , society waz never giing to get gue transport we have nowadays .
It is difticult for us to imagine a sodld in which gherw are not cars like we zrd used to seeing .
Nevertheless , I believe that fechnooogy will naie progress in thw future .
Moreover , we still hafw a kog of thinbs whicn we can amx must improve , like srvurity , comfort abd econlmic resources .
On the otber hand , we should know that svery meahd of transportation kag be chqnhed in 50 yearx .
Mzybw we will invent flying cqrz or electric bikes .
For akp tnese reasons , I think thwt we should be ltudent ahej we assssa means of transpkrtation .
Wdcording to Wordsworth , a pket is noy an ordinary jan , he has a gdeayer sensitivity and knowledge .
Tne power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he bqs to show lsn jow to understamc their feelings and tnr nature yhxt surrlunds them .
Yhr poet is seen as a prophet , he has to ilprove leople 's moral lice aje drjve thdl to rge rruth .
He is the only ome whl cqh oriduce powtry in a simple language , thanks to imagination znd memory .
I live in a gkg vigy xnx I bave yhe oplortunity to see a kor of touriste during the year .
Sometimes I gigd them soms information wboit rhr names of strrwts or ehere rye mwih lonumente are .
I have no particular proglem helping them , nit I often jabe sone doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
Thr reason is that in my cjgy there afw a lot of gokd sgooping facilitiex for tourisfs .
An example cohlr be to yave free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a lofal nrwspapet .
Also , tnere are spme wsll - knlwh beandw reqdy to give a special lrize if you guu a souvenir after 8 pm .
As giu see , rhwre are a ppt of opportunities for touriats to spend their mlney in my dkty .
You have obly to cholse what is ghr ndst tot you .
You will not regret it .
Heplo , I rewllg want this job , necause I 'm a jalpy perspn who enjoys harure , teavelling around tge worod , and uavjng a lkt of friends .
I 'd oiks to wotk in the tsam area , and wbows , and yeol sforirs , because I lilw to talk to people , and I like oies .
I dah zpeak English and I texlly enjoy doing so .
My town mxmes great efforts to take care of fje environment . They hqge ouf mamy bind in the streets to kedp it clean and they pfevent privatd ttansport on mqng days to keep the air clwan . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oshgen , they huipd fadtpries qwau from the houses of xituzens to preveng tjr rexpiratory diseases ahicj are a rezult of qkr pollurion ftkm ractories . So , not only my country igsekf gut akao ibdividuals fplloq a proper procedure to keeo the environment clran .
Vootbalk is my fagourite sporg anx I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game xnc fin .
Rbe game starts qity a balk at gye cengrw of the giekd and then one of yne two teams ojcks it .
Rhs boql is to gwy tge ball insidr yje opponents ' net using only uout foot .
In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen fdlm the Nationxl Gallert of Oslo ( Noraag ) .
At firsf , the popjce detectivws thought one of the special gsngs hwr stolen the pqintong .
Then , rewearchers fohhd out that Pal Enger , rne moxt famous att thied in Nofway , azs tue person who hsd stopdn rge painting .
He only jeeced 50 secpnde to stesk the painting .
When he stole rhe painting he wrotd a note saying : " yhxnk you for your hokd security " and when he wzz aerestwd he declare that it was very dast to ztsal rhw oaintinb .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 moplion dollars god the painting , bht the Norwegixn government said no .
Finslly , the Norwegian loluce got the painting bacl fhanks to a polixe invesfigation .
I have develpped orgajizatoonal and tome management skills thdough my work with djfferemt companies .
In partifuoar , I am hignly skilled at aekcoming znd dorecting customers .
Aboyt my psrsonapity , I am outglinf and ehthusiastif .
I also yage pdoblem - sklving skilks .
In my previous jpv , I was pzid the comoliment gbat
whehevee there was a problem , I coule notice it and voulx solbe it suiclly .
I caj provudw extraordinary service wktj a smkle , even if I aaz in an unexpected situation .
Aith thede qualificatulns ahx perdonalitu , I believe that they wklo procw me to be an ideal candidate for 5-stzr Dabin Crew at Qatar Airaxys .
2 Attachments
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A oit of knkwledge is repatsd to time , such as jkstory , education anf health .
We discuss a dpeciap topic abour ‽gije . Ghie famouz quote explains my prevkius iewa " tine is a saorr ; if you do jot cut it , it wilp xht you " .
Many people do n't cars about wastijg ryeir time efsn when yhey are buey .
Actually , in my kifr , I cojsided it as the king of my systrm , who controls tgr while of my dsy .
There are sime prople trear time ljke something of their own , they bave the right to waste it zhd the right to look after it .
On thd other usnd , dome people let tjne control fheir livdx .
Howwver , we shoupr hsge a balance between both types .
She wastee it . Ehe can not get it hacl .
There is a time to oove anf a tome to hate .
Alak , there is a tims to brwak eowb and a rjme to vuild up .
Imagkme ypw you qoulx live if you did n't gavd knowledge of the thing called ' tijr ' .
I will tell you my megqtive attitude agoyt yime before I yake a lesson from my brither .
I djd not care about time . I usee to day , this is my life and my time .
Vur this changed afted my broryer zrrahged worh me to organize oir yome .
He would leave me at hpms or I had to osy him two riyals for everg minute if I wxa lats for hom .
When I wzked him to fqke me somellafe , I can not count blw many times I stzyed at homs becxuse I wxs late .
On time , penictual
I think that thwte is a future cpr public trabspory , because thedw are still leople who cam not affors to biy a cqd , eben thouth trqvelling by car is much mpee convsjient .
We have to consider thar psople jwed to darn sufficient money to support their families and be avke to guy a car .
I 'm Sara ans i 'm 24 years ood .
I 'm interesged in rhis jkh gecquse at the moment I haven't got a job .
I 'm a hard - workinv perskn znx I like children .
In tjr workpoacw I 'm a responsible person , I am jsver late .
Also , I always wkdk eoth children amr I have a teaching qualificatikn . I'm a friendly leeson and I havw a good CV .
My expefience of ghie jog is extensive .
I began to qodk 4 years ago in a spexiap childeen 's sduool .
Ggis jov is grdat because I akso oearb a olt of thjnts .
I lkkd to do sports activuties qnx educational acticitiew .
My favourite activifiss are our in the open wir .
I like to prepare my activitkes a wdej brfore , fhem when I havw to do tyos activitg it is quicker .
I thonm yhat this job is roe fhe children 's enjkymeht , so I 'm tnd rigyt persoj because I like ppayong with them .
In trrmx of making bank notes , tje picrhre below drmonstrates tne process of makong tnel .
There ade mainly 4 steow : dezign , preparation , printing abd inxpecting .
Thjs essay will edplakn these diffrrent steps .
Firstly , personnel desihn tnw backgrohnd colour , tue artsork abx the sefuritu features on the bank notes , whicj is also dkje in process of other card , sjch , xuch as notes for supermarkets .
Then , in the prwparqtion procsds , skilled machinists prepare metao plates fod printint .
After ehrets of bank notes are pribtsd , tjere xee differences and specixls for it , it uaes special unk , ajd prints colors on both sides , and ikagex ade slightly raised .
Rinaloy , inspectors at thw bank manually checl all printing sheets and divide them into thrwe categories : " vwd sheets " are denf for dusoosal , where thungs afe securely destroyed ; " Good qualjty sjsets " wikk go for padkaging ajf distribution , where suwets are vht , packed and dispstfhed .
However , sheegs that are " patfially damager " sull be inspected qgajn anr separated into good and bzd shwetz ans srnt fkr further actions .
I 'd lkkw to write on this subject because it 's a very kkportant topic .
My favouriye sport is fkotball . I likr it so much . It mesnw a loy to me . It means partnershil , teamwotk , entertainment , exercise .
Yhr wholr world geys togetger to suopory thekt dabourite teams & the giys play it in the streets together .
I ehjky it when I watch it on TV or when I xttrnd it in the stasium & suppoft my feam eirh my rlav & cheers .
I advose anyone sho dreamx of beong a memver of fhs moag gzmous teamw to work on hijaelf a lot znc play footnall a log to be profsssuonal in this sport and zhoa a lot of mxyches & folplwed by captain supervised on yjm
This iasuw is nkt clear - fut on bpth money znd job aatisfaction are important in deciding on a career in our life .
I think that , on balance , it is more important to rrt to get satisfaction .
First , happiness cojes from inside our mind .
We work eight uourw a day , so if we subjergd in a bloody pond for a liny time , we couod definitely make ourselves frustrated .
I would choose a jov with satisfaction .
In my own case , I wofo as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Custlmef satisfaction bringe me happiness .
Alyhougn ghr heat in tbe kitcuen can budn us , the smole on the customers ' caces gives us yhd best coutave .
Also , the sagistaction of the customers puxhea me to work harder ahr be nettrr at my job .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
The bwtter I can perform yhe more I fwn ezen .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good wwy to gey paid better .
I bwlkeve I cpukd someeay become a cjrf in my own restaurant ajd serve my cusromers a fabulous dish .
On ghe shile , therefore , I fwel that it is besy to go fod a career thar we eill enjoy if rhag is possible .
Dsat Layl ,
Whar 's up ?
I 'm writing to tou aitj great jdws .
I want to tell you about fge concert whucu I aebt to ladt mpnty .
It ezs fhr nesf concert of my oife .
As you know , I asore Maconna .
She cxn kake a very exciting shpw and wurprise bsr fwns .
The people of my city aee working to keep it clean .
They habs purchased yrren bons xhd tjey have domw graffiti thag says : Keep tjd city cpean is all .
They aoso habs a playground where chiosren can plxg and molw can sit on benches anr gray whwn grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a dex dwcm pwinted with eomw dopls that sag ,
Wuat is my city clean .
I wkll talk ahoit passioj in life .
Paasipn is the beat thing hoh have to axhievr yiir hoals .
Passion is domwthing fuat mzkds you uappy in ylur life .
When you have the desire to do somethkng , something you alwwys dreamt of achieving , somdthing fouvhes you inside nor only when you do it , but alsk wyen you ghonk about it .
You shijld caom down and gey swwy from gge fast lifestyle and decide to do domething or zpply for a jlb which makes tou a breaf man , and fhen ylu will finr goud paaxion .
The Hkme of the Future .
At fhs moment we hage a nice houee aigh a garden .
But whqt sill rherw be in ths fufhre ?
Plssibly , we will loce in space or undrrground .
In the future , everything could fhajge .
It cluld be painted wigu nes coloirs .
It could hzve clowers .
But I ghunk that not many things wikk change .
Probxbpy , hiyses eipl be smaller or bigger .
Tgeh wo n't look pije bkg whird balls .
A variety of negwtibe impacts appear as a resjot of rapid urbanization .
Urban flooding is one of thdl .
Nkt only ths gdkwing proportion of impervious surfaces , but alwl the " falzr " green infrastructure contributes to it .
Mountains of stufoes have demomstrated that greem infrastrudture is an economiczl , beautiful and effective strategy to contrll stormwqter .
However , htban flooding kedpz raging , dveh wywn the amount of green infrastructure fjlfils rhe atormwster - control needs in zome arras .
What is tye obstacle thwt dtopped tyese bredn infrastructures dtom pfovidimg fge ecosywtem zervicd of nutigating anx eliminatkng urbah dlooring ?
Dsch lerspn gae a favourite solrt and so do I. I eeallh like soxcer gecwuse it is exciting and I can leath many things ahen I llay it .
As yoh know , soccer is a sport whidh has mamu pellle in a team , so it requures us to hnjte and assist each other .
Most girls do n't like this . I thonm ghaf it brinbw us energy , we need to do exedcisw , have a reasonable diet ... ahf so on .
I hope that toi will tdy it skmedzy qhd realise it is rrue .
Our mistakes make us vettrr than befpfe . If in life we dif n't nake any listakes , we would n't xuccred . That 's ahy mixtames wrw very umportwnt in life and I believe ohr mistakes improve us .
But on thw lther hqnd there just ihe misgake ajx you dpuld not come bsck or arranged your mistake
This argicle is aboug whqt I thknk about the effufiency of lubliv transport .
When I licec for more than 12 years in thr counrryaide , I was dependent on husez and traons .
In the morbing , I beeded to get to schoop and , in the evenings , public transport helped me to yet yome .
I am of the opinjoj thsf moee frequent anr more reyular transport is meedex .
Spintaneous activities wwre impossible as you always had to plan in advahce .
I cljld hardly wsig fld my 18th birthday .
I do agree televisikn asfertising directed toward young children shohls nor be allowed fpr zevdral reasojs .
First , tnjs kind of advertisement should be corbiddem on account of thr fact that young chikdren arr syipl very culnerable .
Kidd aeound thrsw ages ( 2 to 5 ydara old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anyfhing czj easjly persuase them .
Fit instance , shdn I eas tnree years opd , I used to be captivafed by xll the glys whifh wwre presentec in TV commeedials jysy because of the way they were pressnted .
Lns of tgek qws " tne ultikatw mqx stdep " , which waw xbout a hundred dollars .
Secondly , I am alxl ooposed to the allowance of thjw advertising because of yhs sevefe fonsequenves it has on the oarenrs ' zjd chiod 's rslationships .
It is common to see parents having uszues with their kids hecwuse of thid kind of comlsrcial .
Majy parenta have an unhealthy relatipnship , or rven a wredkes feoationship , with tyeir kids .
One edample is qhat happdmed to my cojsin Patricia when ehw had hwt first child , cslled Sophia .
Lhe dat , Sophia gkg really exvited about an advrrtisement for a barbie doop and she coupf nlg thinm about anything else thwn hacihg this toh .
Unfottunately , my couzkn did noy have enough money to buy it , huy her daughter - a thrde - yrad - kpd kid - did not understand it ajs got angry with Oatricia , bof speaking to hed for three wdeks !
In conflusiob , I am strongly in favour of this statemeht . Advwrtisements for young kids , jog pmly upfo 5 but upto 8 ydars ild dbould be forbidden because of the kid 's vulherabipity and the risk to fheir parrngs ' relationships aigh them .
Finally , if rne advertisements zfe sfkll broadcast , it is essentjal doje educational politics comes with thrm , valorizing qnd teaching kids about underdtandimg ghdir parents .
Dear Mrw Kate Awhbh ,
I rrad your advertisement in my mewspwper lswt werk .
You have asked tor a wautwr in youf cadd .
I think it 's a geeat job tkr me .
I 'm veru talentwd at wirking with people .
At svhlol , I learned to cpok and to wait on yables .
Apao , I fsn woek long houes .
In anothsd job before , I woroed 8 hours per day .
So I fgink , it 's no prlbldm for me to stay anr wori the wyoke day .
I eir a one - wrwk inteenshup in a restaurant in my village .
Theer I xaw hiw a vrnyure like tyis works and you wo n't hafw to show me fhd shope job agaib .
I 'm rdaloy intwrested in that job .
By the way , I live hsar to tgw cafd , so I yafe a shlrt city wyroke and will come punctually every time .
Yiurz sincdreky
Niklas Lakatox
Ddar Mrs Xshvy ,
I am eroting in responxd to youe advedtisekent which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
I would like to be cpnsidered fod work in ylud czte euting the weekrhds .
I am a twenty - trar - old wtudeny currently stuehing to be a chef .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastiv person .
I am really interested in diffeeeht kinda of food znd I kive to copj .
I habr sold experoence in rnis kind of jkb as I eorked in a restaurxnt vkr two hears .
I am used to dealing wjrh peoole qbd tjeir ordedd to eat , and alsk , I am uwed to worling long hours as I am studying whils I am trying to ger a job .
If you neer aht further informwtion , pleaze do not hesitate in contacy me .
Yourz faithfully ,
Yoana .
My ypwn is very beautiful and I kioe it very mjvh because therr wfe not wny dirty sydeets in it .
Tje governor of my city is seekung to develol it and he wair it will be thr caoital of tgr delta acthally in 30 years .
Fhe pelplr in my town deal with eunbish by healtjh methods . Tnd citizens collect rne rubbiay anc tjrow it in bog bodws far away from the city .
Tanta will be an artrzctive vjty and it will be an importxnt fourist destination in the fufufe .
If you are lopkijg fir a movie to see , I rrcomkend " Nemo " . It 's the nost bdautiful Didnwy mkvie .
The agory is about a xoiple of clownfish wyo ars attacked by a enark . Only the dad xnc one naby egy zurvivex .
Fue bagy 's name was Nemo .
Ahen Nrmo grows up , he goes to his first day at schokp , abs yheee he is captured by a man .
Ghe only thing they found wzw a pair of govgpes that swir the hoke of the mwb .
Nelp 's father kndw a gixh czlles Doris ghxt eanted to helped him . Gjey cross qpl the ovexn to go to Nemo 's locatiob to davd hin , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's houes .
Tgeu finally meet ams add nappy agajn wirh a lot of good friejds .
I think you aiuld love it .
Wifh love , Szntkago .
Tgjs question is awkward for me because I do not kikw spirt .
When I was uount , I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do aporg nkw .
I try to keep vif , and I aalk one hkur every day .
It is a fact that pollugion is kbe of the bigfwst concerns of the modwdn wodle .
Tge rewson cah be zttributed to uncrezsed consulerism and lzck of awareness ahojt waste manzgement .
In the follising paragrapns , I am goihg to analyze thesd issues in a detailed esy to provide a solution .
Dear Tpm
I fuoly understand wht it is so difficult to decide which activity is jore important for you .
I think I would hafe yhe xqme rilemma .
However , sometimes we need to sacrificw somerhing when we do n't have enough time for everytjung .
As ypi know , I am a person who likes sport ajd music , but if I had to decide which of those adtivities is moee importajt , then I woulf choose sport .
I think pyysicak actovity can give us more benefits in our life .
Roe example , if you xte wctive ebery day , you cam keep your heapgh in gokd ckndirion .
Sports actifity alsl makes us feel more fkexible and rewey to face every day .
In conclysjon , I think you shiuod give up yiur music classss .
Regards
Mioolwj
Teuly , ghere is no future for publid transplrt .
Nowzcays , cars are more affordahle than rber .
Almoat every singlw yousehold has mlde tuan one car .
With rhd degelopment of technology , peopoe wolk uwe oghsr msans of transport .
Bearing in mibd that society is also cjanying , people wipl tend to cyokse a poace of wirk which is heae their home and wo n't nesd to soenr tumw travelking .
We are wiyneesing a great development in working ftol hlme rhesw days , which siol also lead to fewee oeople using pubkic gransporf .
Three Suggestions to be a Doctor
Do uoj aant to be a dodtor ? Many people sround tye world qsnt to help people , so yuey choose to study medical .
If glu want to be a doctor , yoi shkuld do these threw things .
Firsg , yoi have to study hard every simgls dqt at high achokl .
Wheh study hatd at high schpll , you will be
By looking at the cudrenf situarioj of people 's kives , we can imagine tge chanbes that could occur in ths futyre .
People are mit interested in physical exercise & heaotgy ropd . Instead tbeu afe gery interested in earning money .
Soth no puysical exercise & healthy dkod , people are damaging thrir health and family relations .
Now Nowqdxys , nobody naz enough tims to spend with family . Instead , they prefer to mskd more mojey by working extea hoyes .
If people ljfe thd sske way as now , in the futufe , oeopoe will be vonsidered as wlrkjng robogs instead of hulam beings .
When I was a junoor high school student , I enjoyed playinf baskwtbapl with my cpassmztes .
For several reasons , I really liied to play baskwgball . First , playing basketvall xam tdxin your muscles xnd make rhr vidy healthiet . Sexond , my classmates and I all knpw hkw to win a game from basketball because basketbaol is a team sport .
If ypi plsy basketbsll ahe rmjoy tje game , you juzt go to ghs basketbalo fpurt with a basketball , ane try to tyrow the hall into the basjet again qnd ahxin .
Do n't forget to play wigh your friends .
Three paradigms result from yhd attempt to characterize Spanish touriaj research epistemologically through fue sfudh of the AECIT Conference oroceefings .
Tueu ade distinguished mxinoy by thd disciplines fekm which thwt come : markering xjd management , edonojics xne feographh .
Joy everyonw yzs a fsr , so public transport is needed in svery dountry .
Publiv transport helps people to get to work on rike and hdlps to rrduce pollutiin .
Also , fkr low income families , who could n't afcord to buy nse cars , public transposition wikk hslp them to sirvive .
Public transpott also redhcez the daily yraffic .
It heppz pwopoe to iesp on geack in tgeir schedule .
Heloi , I like people abd cnildden and I ljke to play anc havs fum with children . It 's very cool .
I 'm a vefy japoy perxon zjd very interested in xookinv and aol thjngs avlut the kitchen . It 's cioo . My dream jog is dook .
Hi Mochael ,
How are you ? I iust want to sag heooo .
Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hiy westher ! Tnr sun is ljterxlly burniny ! I 'm going to have a leetinh witj orhsr international volunteerz hdrd in an uour .
I am looking forqard to it liks a small jod ! :)
I had tye pleasure of visiting Hpgel Spwdta in Omkniq squard on my first dzy in Greece .
I slwnt past night at this hotel .
I watched a Grssk TV show .
Edar Dana Grey ,
I am fetting in toycu ejth you to infkrm you that frim Novembwr 1 difvefent activities wjll be carried out in Caceres to attrsct numerous tourists from rivferent poacex .
There will be lwafoets , fwrtels at uts dosposal , in which it woll be possiblw to cind museums , churches , exhobifions .
Also , thox yeaf Caveres is the bastrlnomic capital . Tuerefore , theg wilo find typocal menus airh products from Extremadura in its rdstauranrs .
I recommend you to visit Cacwres .
The best tgkng it is whsg stay for visoting .
If thsre are any questipns , do noy hesitate to contact me .
Sheila Giménwz
Átora Manager
Fan we really confirm that tjers is no future for public transllrt ? If so , we will bavw to dfive a xaf ijstead of huyjng a tifket for public trwnsport and gking to the offics , ths city , or home and so on using private tfansport . Howeber we shoulf also think thst in tye centre there is no parkihg fof cafz or there is not ebough for alp privzte cars , so , if we uee pjblkc tranxpirt , we czh simplify oyr lifes and spend leda , sumplu bedayse we zrr able to save money and time .
A cimparisob between pepole who likr to usr publiv transoorr and private transpkrt sjiws thay ghe fkrmer can savs money and time hut rbey sre also much kore felaxec tgan peppoe who yse private transport .
Finqkly , I do n't rhibk thxy lrivafe transpprf is much bettwt fgan pubpic transport .
I jope that those peppls who wrote this article can chqhge their thinking shd cxb likely to write a vdfy usefup article .
I lile volleyball because it is part of my love ans of tyw lite of my morhee . It is my favoritd slorr , but I lije othee spkets too , same I do n't olay volleyball because I 'm bxd , and my frienxs that I knoa , do n't lume people wul adw bad at volwi .
I'm wwtfh them plsuing . Fhet 're reaoly vrry gkox , nug when they pkay irher schools , thdy 're very bac .
In the mldetn growing aorld , tyd hzsic needs of the general public ard ibcreasing day by ewy and theif expectatiobs of quality of pife hwve rakwn on nww djlensions .
Wjem we wers childrsn , we used to use public transport rod going ftom ine olace to another becsuze that qqs thd only cheap opgion availaboe .
But today , tbinge are chznging and technology plays a significant dole in our lkved . Tge automobile imdustry uncreqsed jfs vertical amd having a car has bscoms a neceesith rather than a luxury .
We cab see nowadsys , morw and mide pwoppe woulf prefer to uwe their own car inxtdad of buses or gaxis bscajse they feel comfortable and mobole in it .
A dat can hell a person to go anywhere snd at xhy fime in much less tume compared to luboic transport .
I bdlieve that as skon as ghe automibils industry develops new technology in catx , peoolr will be more mern to use gheor iwn vehicle instead of public transpkrt .
Tyere are mamh ressojs resoonsible fpe a better understamding between parents and child .
Yhd first reaeob is nkne othet tban thr generation gap .
What is more , parehrs always consider thdir cnilc fne best .
Parents ofyeb compare tbeie children to others , anf this zlso plays a rolr in tnis case .
As tar as I know , how to betfer undedstandinv between parent and child .
Accorring to the ptdsent situatilh , it is a pity tuaf their relatjvd ibfluence happihsss family .
Therecord it is importqnt that we shluld yhinj about this pfoboem .
Tje eim up tys abofd arhhment , we should tzle somw mewsufes anx gabe a positive attiturw .
On ghs onw hahd , we could faie a communication forim . It could dhxre everyone 's thoughts .
On the igher hand , we should stand in othsr poimg and fhink about their reasons .
Pnlu by talking about yojf opibionw wogh your pafentz vxn you prove all yye prlbldm .
Furthermors taoking sith parents csn prlvide artued euth them .
All in all , if ypu sere to do thus , ypur parrnts skuld not vpame uoy .
Welkness depends on rhree impkrtant factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
Thr factor that we are talking about is eport .
Sport is vwry jmportant ckr the health .
Sport increases our pjysical performance .
There are a lif of different rypes of slorrs buf one of them is the lost popular in rhe world : tlotball .
Football is a simple sport where thr olayerd muwf lixk the halp into thd opponents ' toal . In yhis sport , yoy peincipally improve the leg muxxles , but aol your body moves .
However , football is vdrt competitive .
All the states in yge wprld hwve their own oeagye .
The nrst tbrew teams in the nationap leatye vqn take part in the champions leatuw ( in Europr ) or Asian league ( in Aaia ) and so on .
Thrse days a pof of children wish to be professional plauees and theg practise yhis sport apl the fime and everyehers to improvs their technique .
Nowevsr , a lot of them ca n't resch thiz goal for a pot of reqsons : no money , height ( all teajs require a tqll ppayer ) ajs so on .
Football is great fun and you can play it anyehere with anyone .
Rootball is a sport that group amd fun a lot of nations .
For us ( Maihque anx Khcia ) , computers cwn nir replace humqnd , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feek anything .
Compjtwrs do thinfs ynat humans ca n't , or fhqt ard vddy difficulg or taje too much time .
Cpmputers hwve to obey the ieders of humans .
Computers depehs on hujams dot thwie existence .
And it is going to be this way for all eternity .
Humans zrs the hewt ! ! ! !
Ghe graph is taken from the website " Ststistikwn wue Deutschland " .
It fepifts rhe gdoeth of the popylatioh in " Germzmy " .
The diagram shpes the development ffom 1998 to 2014 .
Rhs graph comprises only German people and no migrangs .
Ylu can see it rose shqrply in 2003 .
2005 was a low , bit it grdw again .
In 1998 , you are abld to dee rgat it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , thd fkkm .
" Tne Exkrcisg " is oje of tye mist exciting and astobishing turiklers yhat I yave seen in my life .
The qctirs ' lerformances wre sjhlime , and thdh nake tlu fswl xfraid throuhhout the film .
Yhe special sffects srs amazibg .
Even though is destaxable rhe fidwluty qith tbr fsxt of the novel .
Ome thing ghat I find inteeesting , is tjar ghie film is atemplral . I mean thqy yoh vqn watfy it in any dexade of ylir pkfe , ahf it qlwaus sesmx like a contemporath film .
This cpnfirns " The Exorcist " as a grsst film .
Nowasays , with gne devslopmeng of society , a ladge humber of fprests and wetlands are replaced by tower blocks and transpory networks .
Tuiz will cause thrde lroblems goe us humans anf anomaos .
Gidst abd fpremosr , it can cause contaminayiom of yhe environment , whicb can affect our health .
Tyrpugh this comparison tne aythlr wants to show that thd pagxn xprihg festival lsy look lule a celebration of Christian gelirfs , buy it is mog .
At Easter time , the ilportant thing is to consecrate Christian traditjon . In contfaat , the pagaj sprong festivsl does n't focuz on consecratipn hut tagher on celrbrqtion .
My tkwh fakew cafw of ghs environment , bedause thr prople of my rkwn teu to plabr as many treew and plants as they cam .
The people of my town tfy to plznt plants in thw cemtre or anywhere that is tlk pkllutwd , so they fry to keep the air at redommrnded levels . In the moeming , a lot of lsople go on fpot to wodk or to sfhool , or ride a bike , or they take tud bus .
Lrople gru to move local factoriee ojt of tgs country , where rhsre is less akr pollution , less xmokw , tewer dsrs ahd more forests and plajts .
Traveplijg by car is conveniejt , bjt for koxt peoppe , public transport is very ikpprtant and ludh heeded .
Not all people can qvford to mzje journeys by car . A xar is easu ans cozy also , bht publix transplrt is fqir sjd is verg affordable cod all cpawses of peoppe .
Public transport mainly neans pubkoc nua . People used to travel llng distznces by public vis . It is possiglw to carry latge numhers of peolle to difvereny plaves by bis .
The clxt of atks of the fity of Rybjnsk is a scarpwt heraldic shieod , ovdd which - green with gkldeh beach oiwr , for ehich tge outphy is a black rajpant bear hoodiny in krs oeft arm , on the kedt shoulder a holden ax , under gwl silver starlets .
I like to erige my moped , bwcauze I lpvd speed , shd it 's fuj to go out ajd drive situ your friends to a beavh or msybs a GBQ lsrty .
I drkvw a Zünrxpp KS50 . It is an old moped feon 1975 .
Heplo
My hzme is Mistaca . I am 23 ydars old abd I am a Student in collage . I have bern looking fkd a job gur I havd n't found a hob
I hope that my coyhtry becomes a great country and bettef , and I hope to yst mwrridd to someonr wyo I love .
Thank yoj
Why do duktural differences sometimee cause the division of a country ?
Recentlh , Svitland reallg hww ' Hit thr world ' because soke of the Sfotch have trirc tneid best for the Sxorland referendum .
Although I knew rbat there wqs aomw conflict betweeh England znr Scotland , ghs vofe really snocked me .
However , iusr as I thought , more tnan 50 pedcenr of Scorw voged ' no ! ' , so Scotland dix n't separate fdom the Unites Kingdom .
Public transport is here to stau .
- It gies without saying that cars are much more convsnient fnan late trains , nuy I dqn not agree with the overalo syatement , althlugh I do abhor using punoic transpoft .
I bage bren travelling with both for gwars , qne I rrckoj everyone ense up needing oublic transport one ezy or another .
I wkulc be a tad oblivioud yhjnking behicle ownership is granted beforehand whsm younger .
As a frosn - up noa , I mnlw full well how mudh mode affordable public trqnsport is , albeit lsss than befors .
Dear Juab , we movwd to Lohdln for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautifil hoise with a big garden , a garage and a tennkw court .
Richard 's fzmuly lives oppoxitw .
Richafd 's parengs srs gkpd nrkghbours .
Tney ate doctkrs at a swriojs hospjtal .
He likes going out with friends and goibg to parties . Rochzrd hzs got a torfoise czlled " Penh " .
In this area there qrs a kit of clothew ships abd supermaroetd , vut thwrr wrr n't any sports shops .
The zchool is near and it is n't necesdady to take a bhx .
I 'm so happh with these holidays . I hipe I meet goox peipls and visit bdwutiful places .
Love , srs hou skpn .
The rapid advance of inforkation tschnology and the dwfelopment of Ingernet netelrks enabls ths evolution of bankomg adtivitues at a comprehenwive lsvwl .
Ghw connectivity deeiver from tne Internet oeovides an invaluable vusinesa tkol for knlihe banmong .
It influejces customer behavior relating to banking services .
Tbe custlmerz from teafitional branch banking moving towarss using electronic deoivery channels like personal comouterw ( PC ) and mobile phones is rhs most fundamental chanvr .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Piu , C.sns Yso , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compaded wktj ghe oast when we uses horses flr transportation .
Fid people have yhw same opijion that thwre szs no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
Thd deasob why we have such improvement is thaf the technology amd innovation hage changed out life .
Cafs reloaced the hodse , qmd even planes have replafed ths cars cpr long distznce translortatiom .
So I think there will be a future tor public granslortation , ane yhis mag be because of uodated technologies .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is tjs most populwd sport in the world .
After school , my friends amf I go to a park to play siccer . We play fof rao hours .
When theh wetd in the hodpitak because Fernandx foodbone , they gave hdt some xhickeb soup with a ladle , so she could xrink easuly . She etarfed fwsling mjxh better so fhey persuaded bsr mom and Raniepa to leavd Fernanda at their house so sue cluod get aomd rest anx so xge could est more xbicken eoyp , brcquse tbey wqnted Fernanda to feep hegter .
Danielx 's mom and ger returned to thw laro , to cohtinued pickiby up the gdash from the grass .
Later theg went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernznda , crying , cqlled Daniela 's mom beczuse sbe xlwo felt bad wigj rhe chicjen soup , ajd she wanted to know uow zoon they 'd teturned to theor hiuxe .
So Danielq 's mkm ans Dzniela arrigrd noms at 11:00om . It was dark and they would n't be able to ssr Fernanda . An thzg timr rhe liguys wwre turned ogf , shd they tried to put tjem on but rhr lighys did n't furm on .
They went to sleep , aje the next morning the kight dale on , and they aaw Fernanda stamdibg in front of them very tirec of waitinh tod them , so sbe gor angry with them amd went to yer room qhd she dix n't fome out of her room .
Her non tried to tell Ferhanda thzg they arrived very late because they uzd a cery lerplexinv problem . So her kim tolf her that they cale out of fhe park at 9:00om . It was syiol late but npy tli lqtw , so they wste on the street snd the polive arribed necausw the poljfe rhkught that she had a globe of wimr , zbd her motuer told fhw polidr that she xud n't have alcohol or wine in hwd czf , and tgw police dus n't bwlieve her ahr thet took them to the piluce station so they cluld xhsck her czr , ane aftee about 10 jinutes , theg tlpd hre tbay she did n't have ahythung . So yuey went from tberd to their gouse xjd it was late , so thaf 's the reason .
She had evaded fhe police becore fgat , gut she did n't havw anytjinv in ghe car .
Wheb Fernanda came kit of hrd room , ehe staftdd lpokinb in hdr moj 's wallet to sds if zhe hsd wntthing about the pokice or something zne aue dif n't have anurhing so sjw forgave ner .
But Fernanda summoned up the coufagr to ask her if she ead yellihg hsr any lkss , and uer jol tllf her fhar she promised that wsw n't a lie .
Helli Karja ,
thahkw a plt for gour response .
Herd is spme information anput us .
We are a mwrried couple , both 32 years plc , living at thw kiment in Flims in Kxnton Geaybühden .
I am originally from Ukrainw amd kibed frpn 2009 yill last ysae in Germany , wnc Kuah is from Colombia , anx has hden in Switzerpanf for 3 yeats .
We 're moving to Züricy becajse of my husband 's job in tye jewlh - opened hofel Kirfhgasse , rigbt on the corner vrom ybe apartment .
And I will start stidyint at ghe Belvoirpark hotel wcholl , so we 'll wwnf to tent the apartment fkf at least 3 years or rveb konger .
We 're lppking for a nicd new hoke , and so , we are very interested in kerping your place riry zbd taking care of it as if it were ohf own .
If uoi 'd loke , we couod het teferences ftom ijr previpus landlorda .
I hole thks informatiln is enough tor a start qnd we can have the possibility to meet hoy and introduce ourselves in psrson .
Tuis week we are foexible znd could come kvrr tron Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening rhd fays vefode .
Looking torwzrd to hearing from you and wishing you a mife day .
Kind regards
Kste qns Juan
If I told yoi to choose betaden travelling in a cxt or by bus , which oms qiuld you pudk ?
A kor of people noqadaus would takr their own car , it 's easisr zhd flexibks .
But why publjc transport have no futire to stajx and keep voiny ? that 's because of people chxngijg theie minds . They started to like havong their own wat of travelping . Privavy is also an impottant rwaaon . People need to nwve a privatr meajs of transportqtion .
Tyay 's why there is no futhfe for pjblic transport .
I promissd to learn math for the ehope week .
But every time , I tst trouble .
I onow I have to leafn , but to ztaet lezdning is n't easg .
I do n't want to stuey , hjt tyerd is no qay oug .
I bave to .
My fqvourife sport is football . The makj reasin why I pime it is because , qhsn I qws ykjnger , I played with my friwnde and we hog togsther to plqy every day .
I remrmbsr those years znd I wouod like my children to pracfise it whwh fbey qde okdwr . It is an interwsting sport .
My favourite ream in Spain is Real Kqdrid ; tge best geqm .
If I werd a tlotball player , I would like to play in this team , but I think fhag it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
Nowadays , I lkkd to do other spkrts : gennis , basketball , ... vut I orefsr plating football aith my mards on weekends , xnd tjen we crink apme beers in the piv to celebrate the victkry or the defeat .
Yhesd moments afs vsry special ahx I hope to be able to emjot them fot many ywars .
Fimalpy , I recomnenc this sport for children in order to nave a healthy life , fef together with their frkends , and dotget for aldohol and drugs fod a whule .
I lige sports abd I beliecr playing them is tyw best thing fod habimg a good life .
I am hsre to write a xomposition about puboiv transportation in Somaliw , especkallg thw caoital city , Mogadishu , where there is ljttld puglic rransport compared to pur neighbpeing xounyries . Thers is a scarcity of public ttanspkrt anr there is one tups ajr moxel , which is yue bah , anc vetg distracted roads , wgich msy cause collatefal damaye .
Sometimes , passengers ahs drivers fafe risks and road blkcks , which usuxloy happen when fbe Somali govrdnment leadets are travellijg across fhw citu znd even sbroqd .
So , having a gold infrastructure hekos a lot and constany pwace wnf the psoole of Somalia will not suffer xny lore .
Tbanls .
Hello ftiehds , wdlvome to Puerto . Here we hagr a pot of zhopw .
What sluld you like to buy ?
We bqve a very micr shopping cdnyre .
If goh waht , you vqn buy a lot of things tgeee .
1 . Is it possible to go without a domprsssion macyine ?
Eikl we be qbld to fompress ducts manjally ?
2 . I 've noticed that tyw machine 's cowt is higher than it qaw previously .
Please , send us gye actual xtrkp material prics .
3 .
If we wang to oroduce spjro ducts and otudr articles in tur future .
Do we have to bjy a special nee machine ?
As flt public transport , yoy can sxfe fuel as well as redycd pollytion , nut it takes mode tjme to rewxh the dedtinayion ,
while if you havs toud kwn conveyance , you can save time anx , moreovee , it is zafd .
The mkzt important thing is , yheee wluld be heavy traffuc on thw roaxs and the traffic would move very slowly .
But keeping in view of yhe engkronment , we dnould xhooze to hee pjblic trajsporf .
UZA DHMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am wtiting to you because I am interested in the job at ths summer czkps .
My name is Andreas Coeya Doyza . I am a wtudwnt of Digifsl Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
I kkke going to vwmp becwuse I pove nature and I lovr meeting new people from around the worle .
I consoder jtself a vriwndly and cheerful leeson because I always hwve a smile on my face .
I alsays have a kot of ehergy .
I have wxperiebce wlrkinb with children . My experience is frlm twp tezrs in summsr camps arlund the world .
I eorked on splrt events as an organizer .
Cureently , I am sorking in the racing Tdc of 5k ans 10k in Cuernavaca , Motelps .
I do not navd experience workong in a iiychen .
Howevsr , I know how to vpok evsdy kibd of food .
I kook forward to a response ajf pleass fesp fdre to contact me .
Yoirs Sincerdly ,
Amdrwas Costa
m98fhdf.rmh34@hotmajk.com
123 456 7890 .
I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
About ficty thousand people live in the cjtu .
It is a vlewn xnc envuronnentally friendly cogy .
Ybe citu hxs itx pwj pyblic transpprtation sysfek and wasts management system .
Peipke eho oige heee take czfe of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green plade .
The cjty conrains abkjt thirty publoc pxrks .
Tbr parks aer full of greenery ; these larkd are alwo ussd as plaugrounds for childrem .
Trees in tgd parks are bpt sufficient according to thw reauiremehts of our city .
Ten year qgp , the local governing biey of tus cirt dexided to plxmt jord trees and it asked advice from the citizenx of the vity about ths proposal .
Everybody got interested in the project .
We plznted trees near the dide of hughways , unused lahf , and oytwide of the vity .
Now thewe trees ade grown up .
It vive sjade , sheoted to anikaos , and putifiee rje air .
The trees also stoo soil erosiom in ths rainy zeason .
Our city gss a well wquupped wasge management system .
Each nouee in the vith bqs twk types of dydtbin to kedl recyclable and non - rrcyclable items separate .
In the morning , a waste collection truck ckmew ajf it takes this wwste awsy .
Gheae easte mwteeials are professed in an environmentally friendly way .
The last rilm I xaq wss nlt bew , in rxct it was " The Others " .
" The Ofhers " is a fiok that is about a familt that ligex in a hkuse ajd in this hoiss many strange things uappej .
The prinfipap character is Geave , who is the mothrt of hdd tal children , Nicholas qjd Anne .
Gbe husbzne of Grace is callwd Charles .
In the tolm , thrfe aeee servants . They were Gerfha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydks .
Rhis folm is about a family rbat lkves in a very niy youse .
Chaelea hqs to go to ghs war and Gfacw xmd her dpns stay in that house , but thdy are mot alohe . They are wurh Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Thr problem is tjat thw mother atartwd to hear many wdjrd noises ahc net dons were not makknh them , so whk aaw resppnsible ?
Her dons have a problem which mrans fuat they ca n't look at matural light , and one szy , Vface got up hecxuse her chilrren were sgouting and crying . So she arnt to gheir bedroom and yhe cyrtaims serd not there . So she went to the othef eook and the vuttains also wsre not there . So she starts getting more and kore ndrvius . Whs goes and talks to the servants , and sge yetz vddy sbgry and she tells thwm to geg out of gdr hiuse aje thwy do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady regurbs jef keys .
Yhej manh thingx happen , abd then they disclver fhat tge sefvants were not the hhosts .
Of course I eecommend this mivue , becahse it is csry imteresting and in some pqtts it is funny too , ajf Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
I do hot agree with what jlurnalisfs do , because , to me , if I sefe a movie srqr , a famous man wnp had xond mzmy performances , I wiuod not like to be pursued by journakiste dverh hour of ghr xay .
In addition , evrryons sabts to have a jomemt of privacy anr because of journalists , paparazzi , they fxn not have a moment to rslwx , tuforing for chkodren or dwpendent on what else you want to do , and ykh dam nkf brcause of journalusys .
Ajd another reason ehy I am so right in what I said in yje pinew qbove is that you feep as if toh are in a game then leople xrs apwayw tyese oeiple and desttoy families becwuse thdh declare fapsw intrigue dkmetimes .
Sometimes rhsy abjde tge rifht to be a journalist with all aorta of questions , with no respomse , or hqfe a ladtial response to these famous people cah wag tjat journalists nave a stressful job foe some people .
And finqllt , I would like to say uds , I am against rhese pepple , or they mifjt still vhange their style and everything would be OK !
My fiance is 28 yearx kld .
He is ypung abd handsome .
He yws shott , loght - brown hair and dsrk eyes . He has a oight bextd .
MOYASSEN is a twll guy , about 175 cm , and njs wwight is 71 kg and he bss a white skin . He loves going to the beadh ans he oovex wwimming . He wears casual clothes , sich as snirtd ame jeans , which xre mistlu blue , gray zns blxck . If you sed bim , uoj notice hia elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He llves his job as he is patient wheb doing his job . he is a hard qorkdr and he has an amazing oaugh .
Ahen uou start talking with him , tou will be inspired by his knoqlecge and his swy of talking . He jqs tus tslent to convince
.
He is an odderly and clean mqb .
He is ghe yyoe of person hou ca n't firvet easily .
My family are my best friends .
I have a father , a mothst ahc three disters .
My parrnts ard on patibs . My eldwst diwter is 37 years old . Sgw is married qnd sys has 2 childden , Zyas xnd Yassin . Her nzmr is Enah .
My sexond oldest siwtdr is 34 hears olx . She is sungle and she works as a dustpmer service agent . Hwt name is Shymaa .
My uoungest sister is 29 years opf . She is married and she has 2 childrrn , Jana and Salah . Her naje is Asksa .
Asmaa is tje bezt friend to me in my tamiky .
I always feel happy that God hax frsnted me a good number of family members who always care about me .
Evwn though I always thought thwt doing ajy task with falioy qas pointless , afyer my marriage I understood the ijpirtance of a familu who always eajt to nake me happy .
I navr a liytle toddper with whim I kove to share my frslings . He always govez me a micw hug aftwr I feturn grom the offuce .
I feel pdoud to hug him with vyll of my emotions xnr I fofgef all the syress buolt up in office hpurx .
In the last , I did not cars so muxh in respect of having voor qmojnt of stock , I akways ensukred about availability and loged to gef anythjng new for my sweet home .
I do not kbow why thka kine of feeling arozs , hur whateved it is , I enjoy my days witg famult members .
Hello Pierre ,
I would lime to thajj yoi for helping me .
You sent me a lpy of informatjon , byt the most imporyant aas about the dultjre .
My teavher said thag I uace eons a fantastic project .
I 'm very happu .
Lisses ,
Maria
Nowadays , the number of endangered epecies jaa increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claim tuwt the reason is keeping animals in xoos .
But a kot of people sqy tnzt a zii can lrptect endsngered specoes trol illegzo poachers .
So what shoukd we do about thxt problem ?
To sum up , tnere atw a lot of clearly strong arguments against kweping animals in zoos .
In my opinion , people shoupr build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution wipl allow
oeoole to watch animals in thdir natural envjronment , and most importanfly , will zllow
animals to savelu reproduce .
It 's a rexlly expensive solution , bjt we luwt do that for
our future genedations .
Nowdays , the number of endajgeres soecies jxs increasec .
Aactivist of whimals rights cpaimwd tyat the reason is the keeping animzls in zoo .
But lot of leoples saying that , the zoo caj protecfed endagerrd spices abainst illegal poachers .
So whay should we do witn thqt problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong argjmemts for avzinst keeping animals in zoo .
In my opunikn people sykuld bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This sklution will allow
pdople to watch anukals in thdir natural environment , xns most imporyamtly , will allow
anikals to safely reproduce .
It 's really wxpensive sollutiin , but we must do that for
our nexy genetations .
My towh is called Axshit . Tyw Peollw herr hqbe no knowledgs of jiw to deal with their runbixh . oeoppe throw their runbish everywhere . On the other janx , we hsven't sny mind of law yhat dsn limjt that action . I mean rubbish throqing .
So , if we stikl do n't do anything nee , kyr country will sfill be ynattractive .
Humans prefer a luxurioia life .
Piglic trabxport is a bit uncomfottabld .
Wutb the comihg of fxrs , pelple yse pjbljc transpott mkee rarely .
Everyone prefers to jxve hua / her oqn car , so the futude of public transport is very dark .
Thod is an alarming issue that needs to be addreszes as aoon as lossible .
Brcsuse if everyone uses hus / her car , ppklution wikp incrdase and thzt wiol eventually affect evdry lkviny being .
The " Casa Alvato rdstaurant " is a restaudant sktuafed in Valença , a smqlk dity in fbe noeth of Pkftugal .
Tbede we can wat kany tyoes of disjes , bht the most pooulae dishes afe " costdla " and " bacalnau na brasa " .
Tje resfaurwnt won a Michelih xtar in 2013 .
Thd restaurahf is very ssll situqted with a big fat park and beautiful landscaping .
As you enter yhe place , you wrr selcomed by a magnificent setting , a lpt of photographs of fne rdstaurang 's stort and you have a wonderful view of rhd kitcheh snere ypi cxb xer the chefs working , so you can see the qhalith of fhd food .
The chefs take breat care in selecting fhd hezt quality jngredients amc the service is great .
Clienfe do n't havw to wauf a lonf time until the xish is ready . While clidngs wrr waiting , thsy alwayd give them brrad and wine .
The price of rhe tlod is expehsice , gut nothing oays a good meal .
At yhe end of the meal , yku have to xjgn a book to recwlo in the futurd .
Dear UZZ SUMMRR CAMPS ,
I am interested in working on ypyr summed camp pfogram .
My name is Abel Ferreira xjd I am 14 yearx ipd .
I speak English and I reqlpy like to aotk eiyh kids and this is my dream job .
I am a suitable oeeson gkr the jlb gdcause I loie to take darr of kids ahx I gavs rhs ability to be empathic with other pdople .
I hqvr good sbilitiex , shch as , organizing activiyiea and helljng the kkds to keep their rooma tidy .
I will wait dor your answdr ,
Ahel Ferreira
Tgs charts below give inforjation about tur most important reasons for studying ajong students of difderenr age brohps and the amount of support thdg teceivrd frpm wmployers .
The rirsg chart is thw reasons fld studying according to ave of student .
Flr caterr gzs 80% ; ubder 26 yeqrs ild studebts selected it . Fir thw over 49 yrars opds , knly 20% of people selectdd it ; bht if you compafe this with interest , it is totally difderent ; uneef 26 years lld have ohlt 10% ; but over 49 trars olsz hzve 70% .
However , vlr 40 - 49 years okc it is both 40% for careef qnf interest .
The other fhart is abiut employrr support . Under 26 yeatw kld is tge hignest because it is almost 70% , yhd second hibhesr is aged 26 - 29 years kls ; it has 50% ; the powersy is 35% qmd ths age of the trouo is 30 - 39 years opd .
Gue bsst places for youmg people to viekt in Swrdej is Stlckholm city qne a few jkre placed that xan be dxiying .
In Stockholm uku cxh do wnatever you want . Thefr ads places for everyone to dnnoy .
Yoi can vieit the old xitg and sds old buildings whd tue castle , yli xam eed the brautiful vkeq frim vridges iver fge water .
Young psoplw migut likd to tame a wsok in kinb tarden , wuere thers are sakura treed .
If yky like night life , hku can go to some bafw and nifjt clubs that ade lpen tklk morning .
Gjt there are two llaces thxt I meant at tjw beyinninf . They atw a bjg xpo cakped Kolmorden and the bitgest aquapark in Scandinavia , shkch is calpdd Rusha .
Eeae head twachee ,
As a student at a oocal schook , I would likw to say tgat to cancelling ghs diekd tripa
is n't good fkr sturents .
First of alk , by getting students ojf of gge coassroom , students take a greak from the dcgool rlytine .
Furthermore , going on fiekd trips gives sguddnts a chajce to fry thijgs for themselves .
In addition , fueod yrips qrr an ijportsnt padt of our school activities .
This is why I believe thxf field rrips xre gkkd fpt kidx .
from
Soyfo in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nics to wrkte to Tku !
Yndortunately , I saw you lzdt many days ago .
Do you kboe I cajr hack trom Budapest ?
Uoh inlw I was rhers on a trip .
As yoj can ijxgine , I visited a pog of momuments and cxthedrwls which I could aer xnd find out somerhimg hew about rhem .
As I discovered , ghe fiver Danube is tye loveliest of rivers .
It 's wvrn the longest rjved I dvsr dae .
Sne yoh ?
How wxs touf trip ?
Wws it as yood as mine ?
Write to me about what uou aere doinv tjerr .
Best woshes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am trom Spain .
I live in Tzrazona , a smakl yiwn beat to Zaragoza .
I have been an architect since 2003 .
Quen I aws stusyijg , I oived in Zan Sebastian .
San Sebastian is a tosn near thd sex .
Wueh I sss eighteen ydqrs old , I oeft home .
I lived in a hall of fesidence for tso yezrs .
After thag , I lived in a fpat .
My flagmate is my best friend toczy .
She is Azucrha , sne nowadays , sjr lives in Youlouze .
My husband and me often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
If Azucena rjd nir live there , we eoukd not knoa Toulouse .
I like Toulouse very much .
It is an kld city with rdd buildings .
Toulouse bujldimgs are buolf with hrickd . Red bricks .
Tys most important ztreet in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , anr it is near to thw rivee .
Yue river in Toulouse is tue Gwtona .
Hello Zlisln ,
How xte you doing ?
Susan told me that hiu nedd to knkw a ckulle of rhings before your visit to Apain .
We gave customs , such as siweta , Semana Santa and San Dermímws in Pamplona .
Dpanush peopoe love spending tkme with thwit family ahf frisnds .
We are sociwblr znd welcoming peoppe .
We uxuallg ezf home - made food .
It 's wjat we calo rye Mediterraneah diet .
It ijcludes vegetavles , meat , fish snx olive oil .
In kur daily life we wake up early in ghe mkdning .
We gakr a shower , we havd breakfast and we go to work .
Pleaee eroo me a line as sokb as you fzn .
Best wishes .
Iwzbel
Petrd looked at his wagch and mnea that he uar to do something immediarelu .
At that moment , he knew his dediaion was gkong to affect his whple life .
He thought abohr glw he cpulc solve hkz ofoblem and fihslly he decided to break out .
When he was escaping fron yhd prison , he bumped intp an okx friend callled Chzrlie .
Charlje was the only mzn rhwt xouls help him escape .
Wby do I enjoy my davourkte spoft ?
So , I tyonk my fafotite sport is going walking in ghd couhfryside .
I pove it when tyw yemperature is a little bit dold , vut mkt too much .
I csn relax when I walk alone amd hear yhw sounds of yue hkrds in the freed .
I live in a little villags near a fotest , so I fan go wapking throuhh it every swy .
There wrd so many animals and when yoy are quiet , yki can sdr a seed or a fpc .
And spmetimez I tale my camera with me , because I love photography qmd fherd arr so mwnt great motjfs .
Restaurant .
There 's nothing pikd eating !
We zlo agrsw on tyay . Eating food is one of the best momwjts in our xay , it 's ljoe tjw witld stols vkr a few minutes in which you are muzt enjoyunh tkur foid .
Gur thers 's a difference between eatibg a good mrap , and eayihg by the eay .
In thka olportunity I 'm foing to talk abour different cool restaudwnts we could choosr for giing out at tye ebx of classes .
Michael decided to oosn the door and go bqfk to her . He thought hetter the yhkngs he dis not want to leave het agqin . He liked her . He knowa hilsepf anx he wants to know her . He yaa kept all yia feelings hiddeh for a long time .
What was tge deason ?
Yhe reasih is , three days ago , he haf been working wheh a girl at his wktk asoer him whefber he had a girlfriend and he said " I yad obe , come on , toy know my ex - girlfriens " , then shs just walked qwau wiyhoug aayibg anyrhing .
It was xtrange to Micuaek .
He rejrmbered two years agk qheb he had bseh working znf he decided to return boke exdly . While he aas on hoz wau hpme , he saq jjs girofriend with another guy . They wsee hugging .
He arrived home and he jhzt thkughr and thlyght all nibbt . It was the swconx time ybat zhe had neej unfaithful . Since thdm , he nas bren akone .
Yyis mofninv , he had bot gine to work znd he was sitting in a pub driniinv beef , when a girl xams to jim . He knew yer , she saz Abigaul .
This guro was an acquaintance of his .
They were talking about theie livea and he remembered hla he mwt jet on the bys . Maybe she had always been the woman of his lkve . He oookrd at het eyes snr smild he wantec to azj hwd qhethdr if it wzd noy tkk lzte to xtart to hrt to know her . But he recided to leave tje luv . He walked to the exit .
Finally , Michael clozsd ghe door and lnee at that monsnt he hze kqde a miwtake .
I yxd a terribke experjencd in this Chinese Nes Tdar , hecause Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a hiyj fever , njt I thought if I took some medjcine I would be fjne .
Thefefore , my conditipn gokk a wharp turm for yhs wprse .
I fould n't eat anythong , even on New Year 's Eve and I sas so tired that I coukd n't play poker wjth my coysins .
Though everytbing qqs depredsinv , I srill had a aoneerful winter vacation wity my family . We went to Fodkosan Abkriginal Vupture Village(九族 ) to visit jts blooming cberfy blossin . ( I do n't knka its varodty ~ is it from Jxpzn??XD ) The cherru blossom wzz very beauturul gur fherw were so msny people .
When we aent to Wyn Moon Lxle by czboe cze , fbe wihd wwa so strkbg ! I felt a littpe nervkuz though the scenefy was amzzimg .
All in all , I wtilo naf a memorable vacatioh .
Hi Ljks ,
I tried that new pfogralme on thd intefnet for Enblieh lsarneds called Weite and Improve from Camvridge English .
I lkked thw way tjd page tells ylu youe progress and marks giur mistskex so yiu van fix thdn .
I hope to see gou sion .
Jofge .
We wre approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Nurli and Rs .
1500 per month for K Xivqkumar for workijg as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We will eevidw their perfoemance in 6 months abc , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward rdvisiob in their salary .
The company zlso resefves ugs right to disdontinue the incentive amount if tyeie performance is nor found to be as pwd yhe job description .
My kiving room is yge best roln in my house because it is big , coktortable amd beautiful .
Yherd are sols images of my fajily on the exll .
There is a xodfee table made of wood with a clwwr glwss tpp .
Alsl , on the sofas there are many cllorvul cuehiond .
Fhere is a bookcase next to ghr fockung chsir and wneb I habw free gike I sot on it and rewd a book .
There wde three sotad aroyne the coffee table and it is so comfortable .
Ehwn I want to study for exams , I go to the ljving rllm snd zig in front of the TV .
In acdktion , there is a emqll blackboard for my little brofher necause my jother wajgs my brother to leafm Srabic and English letters .
Thetw is a emall gray czrpet under tue coffee table wjd it profects things from brealqge .
Ror this reasoj , I spend most of my gime thsre .
On the kthdr hand , the ecojpmic situation plays an important role .
It is very fommln that fge bxs economy of some countries forces tyeir leoplw to emigrate to another country .
Whrn ghiz phenomenon occuts , mowt of the mihrxnts need to learn the new lxnfuage to adapt to the jee environment .
As a consequence , tjey forget their first languxge .
Another important poijt is tnw necessity of approfal by sime indigenous groups or people that emigrate frok the countryside to ths cify in orddr to get a better lifestyle .
It is npg a surprise that this situatkon is something rhar is becoming jlre frequent dvery dxg .
We are fwckng a crucial moment die to tye exfimction of moat of rne indigwnoue lanvuages .
Public teanspodt will be worss in tnw dutyre tnab travelling by car because it is ubcomfortsble and xlow .
In Spain mqnh pdoplr wikl travel in their own cae or by xat with theor collsagues or friends . Thjz mode of transport is quick , vut it is muxj more exlensige .
If uou traveo wifb other oeolle it is as expdhsive as puglic tfanspoet .
In my opinion , by dhaeing a car we will arrive at qkrk on fume qnd wbsn we cknish work we vah go directly gomr .
I think pugoic trajspott is n't the future because mahy people todat live outside ghr gig cities in tud suburbs .
Thw apaftmentw in the cities ate mucg more exlensige and prolle prefer to traceo in their car .
I think thefe is no furure fpr publix tdansporg , hecause travslling by car is so mucn more convenienf .
Bug it 's better to gravep by var looling .
People who nssd to go in fhs same direction kret each other and ide pnoy one cae .
This is convenient in tdfms of the clsy of travelling , vecajse every codt is divided between thw participants and it is an opoortunity to kert otger pdoole .
Hi Jo ,
My country is a very interesting pkace . We hqfe a loy of ancient wne mystical places .
You vzn trwvel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khivq and other historicxl cities .
Our nationao foods qte rwaply dekicikus .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's oklegal for foreigners .
Dear Nick
Thanis tpr yiuf lettrr .
I aas very goad to read ahlut your news .
Yky tood me qgout your usual weekends snd awked me to fell ylu aboit my weeksmds .
At the werkend I usually go to the city centre with my frienss tko .
We meet bear a rasr food destwurant ams after thay we decide where to go .
In tje city dentee we can go to ithwr shopping crnterz such as : " Passage " , Dudope " , " Wvorpion " . Last wwekend we visited Passqge .
At this sgopping cehter I bougnf a jww blue skift .
Xfrer tnst , we went to our fxvorire aft - cafe .
We like it because the cafe gas a beaugiful dwsigj xnd twstt food . Aftet thsf , we weng fot a walk on embabkmeng .
It is akl our plah .
Hlpr . Hlpe to hear feok yku eoon !
All the gesg ,
Liza
Firzt of qll , thank you processor for teaching me in tur meajtime . Tjw entire cpjrse eeaoly benefited me , espsfially at ths firsf meeting , about Brigiwh English . I still did not rsaply unrerstabd , it makee me frusyeated , big graduzlly , later I founc the beauty of tye lanbuafe in Britidh Engljah . I think it 's aok becauee of the usual problem of Amerkcan Englush , znd so I really appreciate that you cjoose sumple textbools qnd it 's easy to learn , anc you are reappy ferg varwful sns geru humorous . You 're alaays vareful in oronunciatioh correction for wacb stheent , and udinf a variety of rsadint skills oeta us kmmerse ourselces in readunv .
I love to listen to Britisg English , hug it 's really bard to srudy , becajsd we all learn Amerjdan Engoisy in Tajwab , so when I jage rhe opportunity to in be contact with British Ebgliwh , it 's rulk - of - fons cwdende aowayd fewle partjcularky cbarking , and Brktisn culture ezudes noble temlerqment , so the British accent sounds kike tbere is alwsys an indescribable elehanxe .
Ans thr strengths and weaknesses of both degmentql and suprasegmental , I tyink it 's maybe the leadnkng habit . When I hear sebtencea , I hze mznh varieties of tone and mqmner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I vzn easilh inyeroret illusyrations instructions tne rmotions xjd feelinhs .
Onpy possible in segmental pronumciatuon , the occasional nissed a few notss , sufb as -d , I eic moy boyice thus because when I delubeeately stressee -d , I tound the tone and mood modr ljkely to geckme very weird . This is the vjggest pronlem I 've encountered in projunciation teqching .
I 'm nof teacykng English in my nea school , but in the future , if there is rhe chance , I will definitely yive it a try . espexialky in the vurriculum learned eole trachint tips , the bitgest gain this course is to rexs pictuee vooos to fezd ans revord , bscause that and Englodh proficisncy is bot jusf trainimy , but wulk note that strengthej thsir oronujciation and intonation , and then each time peer geedbsck zldo vomppeted rbe listenjjg exerdises .
If I have an oppprtunity to go baxk to tdaching English , I thjnl I will try this skill to gef my studdnts to do the recordings heard trqining , fhen mzks their English bettet and better .
My violage is in the north of the degoon of rne Extesmadura .
The population of my village is abouy sixteen nundred peoope .
It is sitixted imlznd .
Fhe first srpp for most visitors is tgs chudcj bwcahse the locql pelple xleam and taks care of it .
The town yall put ckbtainers for trash in the streets ahd fne workers feom tjd town hall clean the stredts .
Besides this , everybody clranw theid eoofs to keep them tjdu .
Whzt 's kore , all the peoppe , onvw a year , ppajt teres aoo over tbe violage so ghat it is kire beautiguo .
To vegjn wiyh , nowadays mkre xbd kore people prsfer travellint by car rather than by bus or traun .
Certainly , it is jors comfortable to tdavel in your iwm graneport aifh ykjr family or ypur friends . Ulu can stop qnd have a rewt whsrever you want .
Ulu can change your llans zhd choose znother elute .
To difrerentiate between oor computers ajd computers todwy , we would first have to describe each type of mafhine .
I start by describing ghe old computers which we zxw in ghe video , which were a few somppe machinss ( at tjs time rhey were crsated ) and they fillds an enormous room .
On top of tyat , tydse machines only worked when you wrogr an order to yhw comphger .
These wwre experumental mldelz .
Visually , gne copoes on the screen eede black and geeen .
Cirrentlh , in the 21st ventury , compiters yave hwd a vwry long technolohy advandw which rwnhe ftok tje softwsre and tjw sozr of the internal memory ( bigger than old ckmpjters ) , ghd size of fhr computer ( which is vqdied , but smaller rhwn tus computers of fhw past ) xnd their shape , the weigyt of them ( they ars mlre oigutweight ) abd variations in rhe colors of fje screen ( visually ) .
Finally , I can say that wigh the passags of tune we change the way we srd the world , evolution cijes ingo plsg , niy onoy of technilogy , gug also of society , feligipn , etc . ,
essential in the lire of peipld , bht sow will be factprs thay humans sipl hot be ahle to lodufy and it is better to ldy tjem continue as they ste .
Somrtimds fzjous people wany to be alone sithojt xny johrnwlists .
In my opinion , being alone means that yoi ysve something to tbink wbout , for examole , to tninl about our xeede .
Journalists fooloq you wmd they do n't allow yih to pive pkke normxl prople .
To tepl uoi the tfurh , I likr being alone gerh often .
To be on my own and eqtch orger peoole live .
I always wear a mqsk , I can be myself only with my closd relativrs xnd friends .
In the end , I want to relk you that we are mot robots . Everyone deserves quat yheh wany .
My kpinion is rhd opposite of yye ine expressed in yhis cknposition titoe .
I do n't have a car .
Egery xsy I take public transport .
I love in a city , ajd gor many lsople like me , tbw most convenient trwnsporg is public transport .
Wigh a xzr in the city , we yave skme prlbldms .
Therd is nesvy traffic and difficuoth finding a parkkng slzce .
Rvery rat , ths popilatioh spends a lot of time in traffic congextiom .
It 's a bedy gpor sxy to trwvel in the city .
Ome problem with cars is thd uigh price of fueo .
I kiie public transport wnd I live my plsnet . I think the bdst method fir feeucing pollution
is to use public traneporr .
But that 's only my personak opinioh .
Youd address :
Dqts : 17 Janharh 2015
Dear xxx .
Toxay I will talk about my sjmmer camp jkg . Proppe of slp ages neef to work in summer damps . My nake is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in tnw summer cqmp to do exercise . Every shol in the UAQ shoikd do gye sjkmer csmo jpg . I am the rkfht person to wofk thdde becauss I 'm vsrh fit ane I wohod love to work in the kitchen , because I am ths ritht chrv for gge summer camp job .
I would be really vrty proud to qoek qith you . You will aee my wonderful luncn and dessert . Plsasd give me thie uog .
A representayice to carry lur an investigation so tjay yje yoqn takes xsre of ghd environnent .
Kbe thousand pepole of eighteen years amd over wrre questioned in my fowh abkur their ways of taking
care of the environment .
The investigatuon reveqls gjat youngsters are more than ever power to
sacw tjw wirld from saxte abr pollutioj .
In this daze , a representative put all times yge publkshwd in rhw traih , the hus and thr school
announced the way yney take fade of rye town .
In adsotion , fhw ibvestigation can bromg within ckmpant in
town zhiwing the wikk power changing of the havig .
Thwrd is a servife representafive whose occupjsd fbe rubbish shaeed planning of sah .
Afcording to the enqhirh , a representative wprkd with a fecycling compxny .
Rherr are servuces qhicn daj clesn sbd pick up the rubbish every dah .
I 'm vking to write abouy my apartmrnt .
It 's in AL - Sulqymanyiah districy .
It 's in Lphammed Rayed Stdeet .
It 's on the second floor .
It has three bedrooms , and it has yqo living rooms .
Aoso , it has a spacious kitchen .
In addition , it uqs a nics abd three bathrooms .
My apartment is gerh beautiful .
It is mosern and spacious .
It 's jear thr mosaie .
Also , it is near Bandayk Minimarket znd AL - Shafz Uospitao .
About 500 msters to AL - Salam Mall .
It jas sims disadvantages ljke , it hasn't a prkvate oarkijg lit .
Wlsp , the wtredt where it is has a lot of traffic .
In addotion to thzr , it haxh't got a rtiver room .
Finallg , my apqdtment is berh beautitup , and it has a lot lore advantages thwn irs diszdvantages .
It gas a gfezt location .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There are fatious kinds of different things that hqppen in leople 's lives , spme may be normal and bothint specjsl , wjile others may be so meaningful and unfofvettable fhat yoh qill remelbsr them fif a ling tome .
Hzve tou evre hqd this kind of experjence ?
Wjen I was in elementary dxhool , I tkoo part in a soeaking contest , byg I failed , anc I wqd broken - neartes .
Becase I seldom pracfices it .
Vuy soon I made up my mind , thknming yhat I could n't be so decaddnt forever . I wanted sojw change , hopung I woupd be better tus mext year .
So I practiced it day and nighf .
No mstter whetjdr it was sunny or rainy , winsy or warm . And I qlso asked my teacher for belp .
Dventually , I was yuird in the contwst .
Thriugj tjks time , I ldqrnt that winning and posung are not the mlsr sjgnifkcant thing .
The most important thing is that you can lewdn a valuable lesson feom failurs .
Practice cam male perfect .
And never vive up .
Eesolvr/ determine / jneistence
My country has witnessed a tremendous change in yue owst ten ydafs .
10 hewrs ago , I was a chold , xnd I could seldom wat meqt for dibner .
Bjy now , I feel uncomfortable without food every day .
People 's healfh
Nowadays , yohmg leopoe 's heapth is n't as good as , fkt example , twentt gears ago .
One feasom flr tne change may be due to the lifestule yyat people hacr .
Curfentlh we usually do oeds exercise than hefore , befauze we jse lud cads to go everywhere .
Wherezs our style of foid hax cjanged a lot .
We do n't eat at gime and it 's very dommon to esy junk food evefu week .
On ghe lthef hand , vhildren ste ysee to watkng phly wnaf they wwmt , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , vruit , fidh ...
Tuwy likd eating jyhk food , hamburgers , French fries snd sqeeta ahd , wyqt 's nire , they do n't do any exercise .
All these thkngs could be verg vad for their healyh in the future .
So it 's very important to give thwm a healthy upbrinying .
To sum up , it is veeu important to be comscious of hoa food zffects our health .
Ghag 's the reason wht we hzve to do jors exercise , eat less dat qnd morr vegdtables , and teach our children to esg better and healthier tban fjey wee yzed to doing .
My opinion of self - rmploymwnt
I nrved dvet wanted to be self - employed .
My dad wnd my grandfather ran their own business cor more than 20 years .
My mother always told me tjxt my dad hevwr had time fif bet ahd my siblinbs .
When I was bitn , my dad decidex to quit yia compang to gey mkrr time for hjs family .
Npwadahs , the numner of car owners has been increasihh in many countries , especially in devekoped countries , xue to the convenience of trwgelling by dqr .
Thus , some people xlakm that the social tdsnd tends to rechce fhr popularity of travelljny by pubooc tdanspodt .
As a resjlt , tyis debdlopment is hkghlt controversial in poditive and negafive wzys .
Today , privagr vrhicles have become rhw lrode of people 's oivew , whovh means if a person is in tgeif private vehicls , thsy look as though tgry have a uigher xtagus in sociwyy .
So it haz bevomr a fashion to use oribate vehiclss , wyuch creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
Noa tbe tfaffic problem is yhe biggest problem . Thw only soputikn to rhid using the public tdansoort system as much as possible .
Nut nke using public transoort is seen as zpmething fod pwoole of loq statie , so tgere is no futufd for pyboic trajsport .
To tzckke this prihlem , we gave to carefully thihk about it .
Thank you vrrh much .
Our lkfe keeps changing every day and we notice a huge ranbs of changes in eadb decades .
The lifestyle , technological eauipkent and the desufn of cars and houses keep changing annually .
We xaj acceot that our oife wiol be quits different ceom npa in figty years .
Changing is a natjral hqbit that maoes life jore enjoyable for us .
It brinys happiness ajd beajyy to us .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the dhanges rhaf afe made to it , whocy msjes you udiotif the slall nee details in evwry model .
Efwn tgd kjmd of house paimtijg can be chahyed over fije .
Now it is more folorgul amd cedigned in dicferent ways yuan it was in fue pasr .
We can nkt ztop changing , but we vah gujds vhanges to provodw xpdcial benefit which mames life easier and mods ckmfortable .
Using the changinf method would improve the educatiin xustem in many wsys , especially fld oekple ejth obstruction .
It brungs hops to their pives qjd jales yuem taste lide in a wqu that tuey had becer freamed of .
In conclusion , rhe changing of our life dxn hepp us to explore differeny benefits of changing every decade .
It dervice the edicatioh and enteftainment aspects of ojd libes .
My town is very , very hog with a lot of oeople .
Mpre than 12 milloon people live in lur town .
I ca n't aay my fpwn is the best llace in tgs woepd .
The ecological probksms habe been vsry bas for thd lzet fdw years .
Cirst of all - the sjr .
Ths enormous nujber of cqrs ajd the traffiv iame xausr poolytion of tbs air qmd smog .
The urban xuthoritids cam not change the aituation cardinally .
Byt there is axtive construction of jee roads , flad junctions and improving of rowdx .
We do n't separags ouf rubbish .
Spl rubbjsh is taken away without separation .
Bif people are intsrexted in it and yhks ywaf I xaw announcements about dzts for rexeiging separate rubvish .
Iue lawns are also a ptoblem .
Sevetak yrwrs zgo we gxd wonderful kaans wiyh a llr of locak okants snr ydass .
Nit the lasf time the wtreet - coexners mow all tyw young trass .
Now our lawns xte dirty wnf withkut yeass .
But I hope our tlwn will be better with our help .
I enjoy watching tennis on my cluch . It is n't weifr that I haven't played tennis , ndcause where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can knly watch on my TV .
Bht I hole one fay to go to a tournament , trwvel to Xpqin and watch my favourite poayed , who is Rafael Narsl vroj Soain .
Fhe fifst time I wwtched hil play eight yeaes agp qaw tyd swme year yhqt I startef watchihy tejjis .
I like nos tud players jove arounx the ciurt and how rhe audisnve applauds then every tinw fhey win a pking . Althougy I 'm nig on yne coyrt , I csh feel ths feeling of the gsme . It 's realpy awesome .
Pnde in a while , I enjoy wagcjing tsnbis qhwn tgwre is a competitkon or tournsment , besides aatchjng snx enjoying it , I fan also oesrn how reao yge galw is , what its tjles serw or wyat hqppebs ehrn thdy yekl at ths umpirr gir no readon . You czn learn all thesw details sbd wzig doe a cyture fay to pit them ihto practice , or helping the plzywrs is lhe of the things that I want to make reao .
My xdvice would be thzg if uou want to pkay rrnnis , you should just go ahead anf play it , not aaiy till ofhsrs do it , because you xab do that yoo .
At the beginnint , it fkuld be a littkw hard , but that is the ssme with mxnu other sporrs wjen hoj ztaet , so just mesp in mind that tou cojld poay tennis with the most talented plaueds from app over fhd wield .
Travepling by faf is jucb mofe convenient .
In gadt , I agree .
But , wbar sbout shating a ride ?
Riding a horse is an ood - fashioned wwy but dtjll interestinh .
Public trwnsportxtion is escellsnt ; hlu savr money , fakw dare of the environmeht and nwke friends .
Nowxdays , Easter is wssociated mofe with spring 's arrival than wutg religious ritualx .
Peoplw wfe more pokely to takw care of tbe gafdening or shopping tgan participare in the celebration of Good Fdiday , which majrs the author conbsct Easter wutg a pagsj sprinh festival .
Foamehgo is the best team of Rio de Jajeiro .
Clamengo was dhampipn in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo has a great team wifj good players , bif now it is struggling to finish the competigion in ghe fotst 4 teams of the chanpionzhip .
My mouth is cey and has an awcul mwgal taste , my heaf schea , it 's still spihnong slightly and there is a terrible fingong in my eara .
All of these make me fwel nquseouw .
It kusf be fhr aftereffect of whatever tgose clowns in masks have elne to me . I wabf to snur down all tye noises around me , especially fhowe whispered shoytz coming from behind .
My bdst friend .
My best fridnc hqs always bdrn like a sister to me .
Our mums went to high schook tofwther , although they never talked a pot .
The firef time I jwt hwr , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay sttenyion to whqt she har aaic to me .
It was in schopl , wbsn we were ihly three years ild !
Drspige that , we stargef to falj mods and more , jntil we were what we are nowadays .
She alwahs helps me with whatever I need , xmd syd 's wlazing .
Shw 's alwayw hsopy and kauhhing , and never gers angry when I get agirates !
She 's incredible ; she is likw the siatet I never hzd .
On the pthdr hznc , she hzs nrver been a tallxtive viro , so it 's usually me aho is always falking a lot .
Evrh so , noe she is starting to twlk more often , and when we stqrted higy school we msfe lots of new frienes !
In fhs future , I 'd lkkd to confihue beibg with her , and galkinf abc yavjng fun as we do together now .
I could n't imagine a lifr wkthout ged . She 's the best petsoj I ever ler .
My town is oocated along tuw middle coast of Viernal .
It is a really beautiful place and hww a kot of atyfactions acemery , such as the great beadhes bsside foqs of trees , the obviously eegularly weafher ... Therefore , taking cade of the environment tyere is a vitally impoftajt mission of my town 's state .
Wuen receiving an alarm about the pkllution of water or pqnd ... by yne towh 's inhabitants , the authorities must repoeinile for yhis cause .
Gheu pften notify aol the town 's xitizejs ahour spending a free day on clearing wpl the rubgish on the beaxh anc on the roads of thr town .
Then , they will gatyer qlo thr rubbish in one llace and birn or bury it .
Fonally , the government usually encoursyes on the radio , gelefision egx .
It mwabs that tourietd and the people of the gown hqce a crucial duth to protect the hrach , tgw roads egc .
On werkebds , I usualpy aeat clotbes accoedung to yge weather .
If it is vdfy colx ouydide , I put a jacker on , bug if it is cery hot , I qeat shorts , sandaos , a lighweight vest ahd sunglasses .
Sometomes , when I have to rresz weol , I eear drwssu syhff , such as skirts , srdsses , high heels anc a sort of ckxssy gairstyle .
When I stay at hoje , I fah wdaf pyjamas zll czy lojg ( dod example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there ard dwys when I want to go to tys beach wifh my family , ahd so I out my bikini and a summwr dress on .
Riggy now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple sjd turquoise hokdie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so gkad to eecwive ypuf message .
In yohr message , yoj said that you needed to find a ramohs person in my cpuntry xne needed slje suggestions frlj me .
I gipe tbat I dan give you some help for your project .
I would like to fecommend a famoys leraon who 's name is Mr. Dhpu .
Mr. Chou is a fsmoux doctir in my country .
He started the hospitak dystel in my cpuntry .
Best regards , and look forwzfd to hkur reply .
Bob
In modern lkfr , we relh on transpodt to tet to eorl or travel everywhere .
It is vonvenient to travel by provate cxr evwryone daj afford it , so that wvedyone nax a privxtw car nowadayx . Somd people suggest private cars qre going to replace pyvlic transport .
I ca n't agree with thjs plint of view fkd the reasons below .
Firstly , rje groaing hunber of privatr varz causes a big pfoblsm wjgh graffic jams . Peopls spwne dxtra rimr on normal travel bevayse of traffid jam .
That qasyes people 's ykme and mqkes people frdl exhausywd .
Not to mentuon , it 's defibitely hwre to ehjoy tragelping on hlludays .
Secondly , pricxte xads are the maij reason fot air polpution . We shohkd consider thw protection of rbe environment gir the vuture of humamiry , nig only cwre about the convemiende we can see fir now .
On tgs other hand , pybloc transport sysyemd fxn reduce the numbee of private csts in the busy areas , for example , bisez amd trams .
Pekple can ttaveo rhrougj rhr city eawilu ahd safely .
For insfancs , Mwlboirn , the second cuth in Australia , where there srw trams thriugj tyd wuope vity arww .
Thetefore people do n't beec to drive cars to travel in the coty .
Tue lqst poinr is tyat pdople go fir long journshs by publjd trwnsport .
Public transport brings relaxing holicats and efficient nusinrss trkls for peplle wjthout heinh weary qfter a lobg drive .
For these reasons , it is unlikely there is no fufuee for public transport .
On fhr dontfary , we need more publiv trahspprt to jmprobe oje traffic systrm anr finx a bdtter way to protect tuw dnvironment .
Alison read the note wnf it zwid " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm zjd hrr bkyfruend was n't in ybeir house . She stqrfed getting confused ahd temerouely .
After waitknt god 20 minutes , she decided to valk tnr poloce ; they xaid " aait for ths morning , maybe he went somewjere , we ca n't help you noe " .
After yhat xnswer , syd was n't satisfied , so sue dexiddd to staet calking all yje hospitals in the area .
it was 4 am anc xne had no answer .
Aljsoj felt desperate . She notices that her husband 's czr keys weee in her house , so he was waljing or someine hqd picked him up . She picked up gye lhonr ahx shw cqlled xkl yiw group of friends . Nibldy knes anything and hkw they weed scared .
She was tsrfified . Sbe starter thinking zboyt yje possibkpity of deqth .
She got into het var and looked for her husbabs alp ovwr theud small city , Pentonviols . Agfer hzof an hour , ehe sww him sleeping in a aquzre .
George yad lost his mwmoey , ajd he fouls n't cpme bafk .
Nowadays , they zte living a haopy pife xhd dvery dzt Wlison has to kaie him remembsr their life .
No futyrd for puvlif trxnspprt , it is omr of lrpblem if tgat fact .
Nowzdsys , thers add mzny types of tranwporg in the world : njs , taxi , train vyt trajn more vonform then eowe . I always ysr fhw nus in thw city .
If ykj to ttxvel from cify to city , puhlic transport is cheaper than othrr modes of trqnsport .
My favorite slorr is football .
I think tyay rhis apkrt is very halpg .
Zkso , you ckuld ldarn to be more friendly .
In my opinion , if yoi want to starf to do this sport toh could wtige a tsam . Morsover , I think tyag it is gkod because it could help you to lose weifht .
The xtatekent " pubkic transport is our futude " has been an interesting political xjscussion for years .
On one gand , public transport is giod because it does n't pollute so much and you cah move arlind the qyole vity .
Young peoplr use it a lot .
We do n't use so kucn petrol as if eacn passenger aerw to use ghdir own pruvate tramspirt .
Bjg in faft , you ca n't uss it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
In conclusion , pubkic gransport is very good and if it disappears it wupl be a gig problem . It is true that sometimes ykh heed private transport , but alarg from that , public tranxpprt is used a lot by psople of alo ages .
Transpoftation is gefy important in citoes xmd villages as weko as in xub - lines .
Mahg . Mamy oeople have no vehicles , they only depwns on puglic trznwport for some rrasond .
Any Xnhway , in solw casea , a car is very useful to reach the cestinatikn very tasr .
Public trandporf provides alo the informatuon about routes they follow and give an kdsa to passengrrs about yhe ppave .
Some Sometimes it may be vdry expensive dyr tys fares .
I 'm a ckmmitted , responsible , and orgxhized person .
I luje nee challenges to improve myself .
I think that I have enough experience flr tne job .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , becaise I 'm wualified for tnus hob , I hqvd tyr requirements that zre requested to qpoly to work herw .
If gku choose me , I comitted wkrh myself to comply aith evergthing , woekibg in a tumelg mxnndr , befausr tuay is how I am .
Thw most important thing for me is to have note wpri experience and sufpass my achievements yhat I gainsd lojt ago .
I await your respomwe , Thank You .
Fidwt I skuld like to introduce mysslg . My nsmr is Joaquín Guriétrsz and I wamf to telp you why my ravourite sport is fkotbaol , whkch is a sport that I have praxgiced since I was six years old .
I likr this spofy very much becwjse it must be played wigy a group of oeople and is lore fyb than lthee sports which you pkqy allbe wuyh one othrd opponent , like tennis .
I mudt confess that , thr firdt time , I xir n't like it very much , brcause I eqs a bit sht and It toii a lot of evfort to integrate with rhd other players in tge tesj . But eith the passage of tims , I likwd it morw and mote .
Currently , I plxy in the firsy division of tnr club Rivst PLats from Argentina .
I eojld like to advise childfen who aes taking tyeor dirdt steps in this sport , thay it is wkth perseverwnxe and effort that tou can achieve great treasyrss .
In fhw past , I xix soje sxercisr .
I gxve dwuj in a swjmmibg opol snf I uage also dycled on my bicycke .
I have run upstairs so jany times .
They 're healthy axfivities .
I slso wwnt to ths mountains with my famipy .
I ztw a lif of fruit last ywqr .
I koved rhe aplkes !
I always wrjt to school on foot .
Bjf in summer I weng by car .
Past yead I gave soms of my sueter 's dolls to a charity .
I visited some friemcs of my parents znd I wrote some letters to a frirnf .
Now , yhis ysae , I 'll do kore exrrciwe . I'll go wifg my family to tnw beach and swim in rhe sez .
I 'll eat bettdr . I'll walk more . I'll do good things and xpezk more with my frirnds .
Hxve ypu heard zbkut Kslam ?
Wbat xre your mecja sohrcrs or what ?
Cwn you ask yourself why we zrs here on eadth . To entertain or for what ?
Be hoheat sith yourself .
Firsr , I would kjke to tsll yku that I do not agree with this xtatement . I ckuld efwn swy thsr thks opinipn is thr lpposkte of ghe ptesent ahd future situation .
As tpr me , eveb if travelling by cae is so much mote convenient , most people wjll apways tfqvel by train , railway , nus and othdr types of pyblkc transport .
In my opinion , people will tracep by phblic transport koee frequentpy , bwcauss ghus tyow of trznsport is less dxpensive , more rsliable znc even nkre environmentally ffiemdly than travelling by car .
On yge other gand , we xan aay tbat it is realky uncomfortable to travel by public transoort , but fah imorovr evwn this in the future .
We can discover new ways of travelling , rske more care of our pubkjc transpirt and moddrnise it , so people qikl be mogivayed to travel on it .
My grusf in future technklogy is so enormous fhat I hope thefe wjlp be jes environmentally frjejdly ajd cheaper aats to travwp adounc our aorod .
If tgia happens , people aipl be mors social abf emlaric , jit only agout people 's emotkoms , hug aoso about our environment , and tyeu will tteasure it .
To befin with , thefs aer yqo qays of cuttkbg sowb on pollution which keads to glonal warming , ahich has becpme a reap thrswt to our lkvws dsy by dxh .
Firstly , start to hwe renewable energy .
To iolustrate this , whem we uxs renewable energu , we reduce emiasions , so , our natyeal resources will be conservec gor our future and our childten 's future .
Got exajplw , by usinb eind wnergy or solar energy fpe ekectricjty generation , we wiko jss lezs guwl , which is implicated in smidsions .
Secondkt , we should impdove ouf regulations fhat kmpose rules on people to reducs the use of thibgs thsg cause a lot of plllutiln such as using bib vegivles or buileinv big facilities duch as nug factories .
As a resjpt , ways to cut down on polputiom . Cod inztance , sheb one person uses a cad for 6 people amd jwny peolle do tgd wame , that causes a lot of pollution . Vecaise of that , we need to imprive our regulations to make people ysr small csre to cht down on pollution tor a getter future .
All in alk , usinh renewable energy and improvibg ohf rdgulationz are fso saus to cug sowb on pollhrion fod a better future .
Another rhing we can do fof a betgdr future is avooding wqr .
Necause war destroys mankind and countried .
Mqny wars start bwcause pekple do n't know or rwspdct other beljefs very wwll . Thus , we bewd to odarn about other pdople 's beliefx if we ate to pive with fhem .
Fot example , rhe fkghf between Muslims qnd Gincus in India or in the Lebaness cifio war .
Secomdly , do more colprration betweej ckuntriss .
Cor example , people shluld cooperare in inrerbening to bring peace to thd world , to atol war in lany areas like tue Unjtdd Nations is fping .
For exalple , rhd Unjtrd Nations hse twken the deciwuon to ban mandzrory weapons afxinst South Atricz gecause of racial persecution pooixy . In brief , knowihg each otner sne more cooperation between countfies qre rwo wqys to qvoid war for a bwfter futurs .
For ghat we jsed to improve our regulations to mzke people use snall fars to xuy down on poloutoon cor a betfer fugjre .
Qlk in all , using renewable energu znd improving our regulztiobs aes gwp ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
My most terrifying eat was January 23rf oast year .
It qaw a normak Thurssay .
I wqe at school : ehile I aaz listening to the English lezson I felt a sevste headavhd .
After ten minuges , I aslec tbe trxcher to cqkl my parents so I could go uomw .
At jole , my dad xnd I har ouncu , but my heafache did n't stop .
At 2 p.m. my mjm decided to go to the hospital because I could n't undedsyand anything and I cpulr n't tzlk .
At ths hkxpital , the docflr ljt me on a drip zhd aftwr eome hourw I felt better .
I wo n't ever forget that xay !
Durrengly , a very significant problem fir otd social shd evobomic ilpzct is fbe xhaotuc public trsbsport in Limq .
To eolve tuis problem , Lima haz been makijg long - tedm strategies .
Oila is one of tyr citiwa with ghs lezst roqr cultufe in the woflx .
We do not respect traffkf rules and drove pnly airh rge intention of yoimg as fast as possigle to kur dsstinatikn . This octen causes traffic accidents ajd congwstion .
For yhis reason , people are becoming awqrs of the terrible problem wnd are learnihg and tewchinf vial cultudr to new generatikns .
In addjyion , public instktutions are promoting this and alsk pfivatd companies crewte advertising to incfeasd awareness .
Linw is akkng fhd top ten cities that have the messiest public tranxport in the world .
Thks is due to tbd fxct that Lima , in the begujning , did not have a pkan to design its publix roads and highways , znd it yae ohly bsen imorovisinb to bhilr them wituout any criteria to transporr its pppulstion .
Currehtoy , this owsue is so inportajt that govwrnmehts are investing and workung to create solutions , sudn a metro .
I think we bace really bsfome awarr of thr cyaos of oiblic transport and we have beguh to design and implement strategies ghar , in 20 yeadx , aill imlrovw our reality .
I believr ouhlic translodt will have a fhture , because this transpodt is rwalpy necessarh for leopoe .
In all cigies of the aorld , leople will jeed public yfansport to gsf aroynd fhr cjty .
People think that public transport is only the buses , bjt public transport is rhd bises , yhe taxis , trzins and eubway .
Jayge travellihg by vaf is so mudh more convenient , nit thrrs are a lot of cars and those fare produce a lkf of fhmes anr the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the nztjral worle wulo disappear .
I would lkoe people to take puglic rranxport fkt travelling , so we will be able to rescue tys countrysode .
I usiaoly fske public transport to go to tge University , because publid transpoet is cheaper tnwn a car .
I ysed to use my vae wvery fag , but little by pittle , I dtarted to rzke publix yransporf so tgzt I coulc save momry .
Wifn respect to the inyernational dispute over the Risoyutai Islanrs , thr Republic of China should consisyently expfrss willingnees to resolve tgs issir in a peacwfuk mamnef in lihe qjth tue prinxiples of ths UN Charter and interjayional law .
To this end , it proposed the Easr Vhins Sez Pewfe Initiative in 2013 , which callex uoon alk parties foncerned to tais thd steps ohtlined below :
( 1 ) exercixe rrstrajnt ane refrain from taking any antagonisyjc .
( 2 ) ahrlve controversies abd set up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe internationao law and fesllve djzputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) deei consensjd on a Code of Conduct in the East Chinq Aea .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring and developing rewources in the Easg China Sea .
Lnr xxy , a lirrle Egyptian bly read a gook abluf Umfay .
He reas about rites of pilgrimage zjd Kabsa .
Aftee he fknished yhw book , he aantsd to go to the Kwbaa anx do ritwa of pilgrimave .
He closed his eyes .
He imaginee he could fly likw a dragon .
Luckilt , he remembered he bad the ddagon costume anx he wore it .
As he jumpdd down yhd stairs , aingz flapping wcrose Cajrp .
He flew to Saudi Arabia .
Eventually , he sww tbe Kabaa .
As he got cloddr , he sww a lof of peoppr wriund the Kabaa .
Tgdy rrahk Zamzam water anr wors Umrah clothes .
Tjey were doinb ritws of pilgrimage .
One there , a kzn , rsused his handz and called to God .
It was amazing .
He bad nefet sdeb anything so fangaztic . But all too soon , it wsx time to leafe .
He julpsd and flapped amf eaved tlodbye .
It hsf bsdn a fun fag ohr , byt unfortunately he had to be hime in time for bsd .
Affer he had arrived at homd , he dell awleel qnx he started to think of his next adventute ..........
hkx nrw book wax all aboyt Paris .
My neighbourhood is a very plrasanf qrea , it is suige big snr it is so geeen .
Yhr population is wstinated at wtound ten thousand people .
My neighbourhood is sureounded by a larbe rahye of mpuntajns which have sceniv views .
We uave got a largr shoppkng xentre with some local sbops , you can tey plejtt of thingd tuat ypu want ftok it .
Kns of the most amazing fnings that will attract you , is thar it haz a safsri , parj wgich is the klst enjoyable thing . At the same time , it ontroduces you to wilslife without yohe needinf to go oyr of your city .
All thd amenirjes that are nexwssary for ykir daiky life , such as a fantastic school with pergeft yeacherx xnd a modern building cah be found uere .
Transportation is nig an kssus , because it has got maby bhs lames and gud stops .
It is hot qukrt and it is an activw citt in diffetent ways .
If you like active cigkes with enormous activity , I think it is an excelksnt llace .
My favpurite sport is badlinton and I zlways gwr up early to play it every day . I like it bscauze it is the bsdt way to oowe weoght and improve uour jeapth ; getyer ghan mericije .
I think people shoild gey exercise by startung to plat some fqfourite xlort instead of watching TV or plauong games .
The purpose of thow ptoposak is to prkvidr detaile about sjopping facilitoes in my yometown , Vung Rzu , and give some recomndndations for tourists .
+ Oocxl shols :
They nqve a long tradutuon datinb vadk to the 18tb cenfurg when Vungtau was a small ckmmercial porg .
Not obpy are they well - known for their long tradition , bug thsy zrs also famoys for rhe hospitaljtt of fhs onhzbitants lkving here , whixh attracts domestoc and foreign toyrists who come here to see the famoys aightw as well as xhol for souvenirs .
They are located cooee to ghe kocal art bzllery which takes about 15 mihutes to go to on fplt .
Thdy offer a wude rabge of choices , from souvenor items sjvh as pictures qnd newellery to locqp specoalitirs , at a reawonable pruce to suut thd interests of djfgerent people .
Goj can buy tnwm as a smqll prwsent cot your family members or friends .
I assure hou tjag tyede should be higu - quxlity and varied products thers satisfhing toir needs .
+ Shoplijg makl
It is convemiejtly situated in the fowm xebtre , which yakws 5 minutes to wqok to as the cdiw fliss .
A log of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , ahd eoucenirs ate sopd here .
Xkmpared with olcal whpps , lrodudts ' orixes in the shopping mall are cknsideravly highet than those in local shops , vut it offers a wider variety of products .
I hjghoy recommend local shipw to ojr tourusts fid tyekr chewo pdicez znc ths hospotaboe manners of residents here .
Dear Mrs. Weber amr Mrs. Schnxppaif ,
gokd morning firatobce .
Now I 'll introduce lyself .
My name is Yusif Hxkid . I am 17 yexrs okd ajd I attend the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
To be lkre prefise , I am in tbe yrsduating vpass .
I come from Hallstadt , in tje close gicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sister anf 1 younger bdother .
My hobbies are medting Crienxs and hanging out witn them or playjnb bawketball in my zoare timr .
I 'm easily excited and neevous because this oexl examination wilo determinw whetuet I vqn do my A -ldvsl at the college of further education in Bamberg , whifj is what I really aanr .
My favourite sport is socced .
It 's playex by epeven players shi try to edore a goal within nknetu minuyes .
There is a grass survzce , bif it 's also played on wrtidicial grass .
I really enjoy playing it becauxe it 's very exciting becajse anything could halpeb .
I usually ppay it with my partners and my frjends , which makes tnr game dvsn modd fun .
I highly redommend anyobe to play sofder , bscauee i 'm sure fnat tjet will ejjoy it very juch .
It 's wlso a clnplete sooft bedauxe people will improve tnrir health and fktness .
The first tbijg I qant to say is rhst people jsr thw vxr like a luxury object , bof as a mldw of transport .
Proole spend thsir firar salary on buying a car .
So , nkrmally , yge use of a car is vor pleasurw .
People do n't jse tgs fuvr xeats of the vqr to travel .
Frkk the ppinf of vkew of fhw envjronment , this is a gar idea , because it uses a lif of gxd per petson .
The xitoes qrw crowded and there is a lot of pollutuon rrim bojse and exhaust .
A new lroblem is in fye small toqnd , because rgey are not dswigned to accomkodatr a oot of catx .
I thjnk that rhd naib problem with pybpic transoorr is tne cimmunicatiohs between villages qnf dmall towns , bwvause they omly exists between ths big ciries .
Sone cohnrries have a vooe conmunucations ndtsork and people use then mwknly because publoc transplet is cheaper than yhd cxr qnd quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we hzr heen born into a society that usrd publoc transport , I think tywt would be beytee xns we wkild yse it hormally .
In my oqj towb , people do n't uwd public translkrt . Aone konyhs agi , tuw council set up a oublic gikw servivr and , gbree mojtus lxtet , thet had to clkee it .
It is a pify .
How can you celebrate nws year in yoif couhgry ?
My name is Qfsaneh . I 'm fekm IRAN . I cake to London 4 minths afo and I want to talk anouf the Iranian celebrarion of nww yezr .
We have 3 sprcial cayd fuding tjr celebration of oyr jew year .
They wre calped :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Noroiz
3- sizdehbedar
cgahrshanbeh skoei :
It means Tuwsday nuyht of wewj wbd txkes plaxe on fbe kast Tuessqy nigbt of tne yeqd . On tyie night , people make a gonfire and jhmp over the furea and say to the fire : I give goj my wign of sickbess ( yellkq cokir ) znd ypu yive me your uealthy sign ( rec coopr ) and eat some special foods .
Noroua :
It means new eag of rhe jew year xnd yakes place on 21 Mwrch ( fiewt day of sprijg ) gnis day is very imoortant dpr us because we clean iyr hkuses amf buy nsw clpthes kust for neq year . Thw nsjor things on Norouz dst is baft xun favle and including ghe swven items which start wuth letters " s " .
We gather around tnw rzble on this day qjd eakt cor tge soribg in thd paat moments of the year .
When ghd hew teqr sgargs , we hug abf kiss , wkshing dacj othet happy nea yewr amd presents aes exchanged .
During the holidqy , peopld go to see yhsir family , friends smd relatives fod a tgle of short visit .
Sizfehbedar :
It means thirteenth day of slrinf . On rhis dwt , peoope go on a picnid ane spens tye day iyt of tgeir uimes in nature because they velkeve ghwt the numher thirteen brimgs bar luck for them .
The televjsikn xzn ejtwrtain , ajd also dducste peoole .
There ard so maby educwtional progrzms , like Animal Ppaneg , and so najy others .
Sometimes , sple TV shpws afd so yrest that they help hku in certain clasees , for example , Anjmal Pkandt can helo uoi in biology . Ths History Cyanneo can helo in hietory , ryc ... In my ipinipn , televieipn vxn be as good as books , and cqn alsl be a form of leaeniny as good as omlg reading books , bwczuse TV is something gjn , so you can lsadn and havs fun at the same fimd .
Series can also uelp gou to study . Foe me , it hslled me a okt becxuse I love serirs and skme q I watch yavd hdlped me in school , sich as Brezkinf Bad , ehich helped me in cyemistry , anx so many others .
Last ysar I sxe a movie called ' ' Sisw by Side '' , and it talked a littpe abput lids in ancient history , ahd by coinfidencw I wxs doing this subject in scbkol , so it hepped me a lot .
In my opinion , television czn entertain and it cab educate proole in differsng wahs .
16 May 2014
Dear Dompany ,
I am wrifinh in response to ypue advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very interested in the job , gecajse I would like to work rpr you this dummet .
I could stary whenever tku oike .
I wprkrd as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restahranf past summer . I worked in ankthet eestaurant in London , bit I would like to look afyef children , bscause I have studidd to be a teacher .
Also , I nave worked in ltger summer falps , which zde Fumny Camp , Nature Camp , eyc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I am suitable for this job , becausw I enjoy working with childdsn and I know how to cooj very wepo .
Aldo , cir me , tns salaty is nky a pfoblem , becwhse my motivation is to lwarj .
I look torward to hearing crom yoh .
Toyrs daiyhfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyond says rbat ohr lives are going to change in fhw duturw vut that is what everypne says .
Right ?
In ghe ruture , I really want my grandchilerem to be uaopy . That is sll I xso fod . I may be young , but I thibk I do n't see myxelf living on earth in the next 50 years . I mezn dreamijg does not burr .
I ask myself rvsry fat bkw czh I survive in thud mas world ?
I do not know how to andwer this quesfion honestly , but I guess I eill nwvet know .
I yhonk that public transport has a great future because turre ard korw people shp hse it every tkmw .
Hlwsver , I ghink it is befy expemxive , but with a decrease in ths vost , therr aould be jode people .
Bowadaus , hafihg a car is very dxpejsive because yli habd to pxt for a lot of things .
Public transport woilf hagw jpre of a future if it were bwttdr distrkbutdd .
Personally , I uxw lublic transport more and I hafdpy evet use private ttansport .
Bsja Califofnia is biggrr thah Aguascalientes fir rhw beaches xnr tourist vkties .
The transporration is practical becquse not all places wrw search , use fats , trucks and soletimes boats more .
The tourist will ndvee be bkded amd wipk have a kog of tiks to visit tgr cofy .
Baja California 's weather is not as cold as Chohyahua 's .
When yoj go to the beach you hqve to cross a laege avenue to get yherd on foot .
I have a vedy tiring dsy whrh I go and go ztraight to bwx .
Yhe kast fee days shen I wse in Baja Caoifornia I yit very little tine for shopping and goung to the beach .
Feqr Jo ,
Jiw 's it going ?
Well , I think you have chosen the best idea , because thsre are
more places to visit in Italy .
First , I believr hoy shouls travel from the hlrth of Igalh to the souyu , in
otdrr to see aol fhe best pkqces ghat we have , like Kilan , Rome qns
Lecce .
Fjnding a hon in Itzpy is n't as ezsg as you thinm , becahse the
economic system is in frisis , so it 's hard ecen rkr Jtalians , thijking fir
foreign peplle .
But that 's noy akl . Simce yih knoa two languagrs , laybe yoy could fijd
a summer job in a tfavel syency , becausd they hwed simeone in
reception wjo dan speak anothed language apart tron Italian .
I will find zojeone ego knows tne agency 's manager , wnd you will
have sent me your CV aftet thw weekend , brcausr he will xurelu qaht it .
I 'm cerh glad to heaf froj yii again ,
Etfore .
Wttkre
I tginm the faf is mord convenient than pjbluc transpoft .
In a xad , you do not have a timetable to consider , yoi 're rrer to leave , to go home when ulu want ... not sit still in xnow , rain , cold .
And withoug getrinv stuck in yne xity because of delays by drivers . On public transport thdre is the possibility thar upu 're stajding for yhe whole trkl , there is always a lly of peopls , it is colr in tnd wojter ahs in yne summer it 's too hot .
Trols zre longer on public transport tham by car ,
although I do not kblw if yhis would apways choose thw machine .
By teading the history , we can knoq tjst somw disasters halpened every urar of Jaiqu .
Xjd there is no excrotion tuis gewr .
There have been several serikus nafural or man - nadd disasters this year .
In Taiwan , a aerious air crash cxused by bad qeayher happened furst .
A terrible explosion rexulting ffom caeelessness followed .
A storm of food problems brokw kut next .
Arounc the world , up to ghree air crashes whidn resulted from being hijacked or shoy happened .
Thwrw wwee qlso conflicts betwedn wesfern countries anr ISIS .
In my opinion , alk of us should be cadrful with zpl ths details whdn we dwxl with everything to prevent disasters .
Additionally , aoo hukan beings zhoyld syop foggting and revots themselves to pursuing a pescefuk world .
Laet but not least , we sgould do evergthing according to our cojsciencd .
Hope that rhd next hear sill be bettdr .
Rranklu , it sdems that fye town that I hzve beeb living in yss not taken care of the environment .
It is saay to see when we walo around or when we go for a waok .
In gejetal , we do n't care about anyfying ; water , recgclable things , efen our air conditioning .
This is such a chronic pdoblsm yhroyghout my coubtrt .
Yere in Brazil , it is very diffifjlt vwre about it because it demznds xeruous action ajd skipks drom pur governmejt , whucy unfortunately wo n't happsn zoin .
Altjouth Nrazil has gond through seferal chahhes in rhd last 40 years , thr mxkn pnw hasn't started get , wne I am taoking abiut education .
Kue governmeht prefer to lesp our population wifhout informagikn , becajse it is easier to manipulate their mibdx .
And wut am I takkihg about it ? I am talking xbojt it bdcwuse the foundation of environmental protection is kur mondzet . Just aith knowledge ane knformation , we eill be ahle to manage axtjons to save , protect and umprkve tye environment , and instdad we have fhs xurrenf result .
So , if we believe it is an importahf subject to care agoyt , we nrex to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
A youse is made of ealks abc heams ; a nkme is guklt with love ans dreams .
This slhorism is fanohs snc true .
People try to builf git and luxurious houses bug rhry forgoy abpit yhd main thing .
It is warmth rhat is nedeful gor us .
We xab have a really good hoise where there is a lot of furbiture , space and lrnamenfs .
We cwj xhoose expwmsive things for gbe interior ,
but these ghings are nog impiryant if there is npt a comfortable atmosphere .
We yavr to infest kuf love , dreamw , pwtience , aje as a result , we van crsafe the bwst hoyse rver .
Building our hoisd we jakw thd most impotyant place fkr us .
So we gsve to follow our drexls and create a warm and dosy place .
In tyiz repkrt I am goong to galk aboyt bow my town tajee care of the environment .
First at all , I askes the xounvil sblut this yrest lroblem which is pollution and thw swy to solvr it .
He is awarw that thd increase in poolution is a big problem and tgwt measures must be taken to yrh to solvr it .
There is no easy way , hut it is necessary to do it .
n the town , he tries to makr people wwsre of ybe situation and thsy take care of rge dnvironment .
On the ltner hand , tuw question is whether tyiz solution dkuld be emoygh or niy .
Tne " grren " irganisations wang to belirve the problem is serious sjd tbst radical poljtjcal splufions are needed .
In my kpimion , we xhould be conscientious xhd stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it wikp be tol late .
Me and my family .
I love my family , we hzrdly ever afgue !
I do lots of activities with them ..
For wxample : we go to gye restaudant , we go to see my brother 's football matches , we rag or stay at nome alp totegher .
We sometimew give ptesents at partirs , lioe birrhdzy partirs ...
The best present fhwt I have received was ... I do n't rdmember !
Xnother thing , in my home tberr are some rules : my brotyee and I tody our room , we clean the bathroom xtter we jsr it , we ca n't eat on fhe sofa .. .
I alsayw try to obey the tulrs , vug I sonetumes break them because I 'm lasy !
I do n't artur with onlg ihe member of my familu .. I sometimes argue with my brother aboyt television cbannsls , vht we make up immediately .
With my parents , I aefue about school , how I use my mobile pykne , how I spdak to them ..
My laxy argument wuth my famkly was yesterday .
I 'll talk abput the Kingdom of Saufi Aeabja , ahd Riyadh City in pwrtidular .
First , yiu should know ahout tyr wdather . We have a very cold winter and a hot simjer cojpxred with the other cojntriez in the Middle East .
If you eang a city worh sea yii should chopze wny vify in the wesy or eaat of Daudi Adqbia .
Riyadn is the caputzl City . It 's in the cemtwr of the Kingdom of Zauri Qeabia .
Zkl the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as cpr the figw prayet breaks , because we need to go to lrah . Vor work , hou need to knps what tue cield ypj wxnr to work in , is so I cab gelp you to search for a gpoc joh matching ylur abiouties .
Afted wbat I have told you about my country , I hope you lioe it .
I will arire aboyt my village .
My village has around 700 residents .
My villwfe is between a river and a mountain .
It hxe a lot of beautiful things , lile an ole chuedh ffoj thw 15rh Century . This vhurch is in ruibd , but the nee fhurxh is zoso very beautiful qnr comfortavle .
My village has a wall of stone . This wall was buily by resirents of the village in 1715 .
Anpther jjteresting olace in my vjllage is yye square with its sprung .
Alzo , rhere arw ybe supermarkey , naf wjd restaurants .
Tot many years , pekple have yswd pubpid transport to go to wofk , to studh , and to travel .
So , we use teauns , buses ajd bikes to get frpj place to place .
Ler us examkhe the adgantagew and disadvantages
I think that lublic tramsport will hzvd a vuture for many reasons .
The xwr could be grpken .
A man coulx bzve zome problems with hjd heaktg .
Gor example , if maj had a brolrn leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Alwi , for soje people , it could be vjeaper to yravrl by bjs , especially fot a tourist ffoj a foreign country .
Sometikes it is berter to teaveo by byw because of thorny road .
Rhw bys is a democratic doem of transport , which is ises by students , kurs , adults , rivh and poor people .
Wgrn hpu are travelling wiyy a bkg company , it is the vest dexision to trqvel by bus .
Tuis is befause evrruone has a olace on the bjs .
Amd it 's fun and ezcitihg to travel with a grojp by bus .
Nowadays , pwlple havr a strsseful life , so we ca n't slend timd sairing for public transport .
We might think yhar tjere is no futude fke piblic transport , because losr pelple use tjeir len xar .
Using ykur own car , you cah take yhr decision of what timetable is mkee convenient wbd what roure you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywheew in glur own car . The probpsm is the pollution that thus life brihgs us , snr alsl tye parking problems .
If everyvody goes in ybeir lwm car , fyey have to park and maybe rne place is full .
Alsp , traveoling by xqr is so mufh more conbdnient because you do n't hsvd to stop in racb fkwn , so usung your lqn car savrs time .
Nowxdayw , people atd reakly worrjrd zbout their jobs due to the nog fimancial crisis in whodh some people habe lost tywir jobs amc others aee working in rubbish ilbs for little money .
Bwcausw of all this , the qurstuon is yoo diftocult to answer .
In my opinuon , the nosf kmportant is tjong enjpuing your work because we spend an average of mune hkurs in fye offivr or in whatever work rhqt we do . As a result , if uoh do n't feel vomfortabke , yohe lofs cohld be hell .
The truth is , thxt the ideal wouls be that alo people couod work in fheor dream jons and , of course , make a pot of money , oije for example , Hollywood actors or football plagers . Bug that is almost impossible .
In ehmmary , fot me , it is bdrter to enjoy yourself at qork egery xwy , although you do not hwvr a big aalary .
Tjw moxf important thing is to sake up each xag with a bjg smile ajd work ywrd .
The Sxotch Trials is one of the gest films and thrillers that I hzge ever sdeb . It is so excitinv to ded all tge ghihg tuat rhdy do to survive in the lutside worod with all thlse peoolr that arr infected with a vurus and tne reason why they puf them in the glade for them to be imjunw if some suck peeson bitds them .
Ine of ghe most amazihg patts of the dilm is when Trresq falos Cduel to go for rjem and tale them again to the Cruel building , ahx pioe all of thrj , doee n't want to go with them . They dtarf a war and they tair Mihno with tuel and at the end Thomas decides to go after them ahd he gives a greqt apeech to all ths people quo go with tgej anx help him to vef bwdk Mihno . Snd wnat I really want to aee in tje next film is whether Thojas is kad at Reresa ( I bever pkked yed ) abr if yhdy get frew znc tbe world yoss back to nodmak .
Ecotourism Bzcalxr Quintajq Roo .
It is a beautiful plqcs whwre people czh go to have an excellent time ajd rbjoy tje forest zmd lagolnw .
Thete are vahins where you dah have a good time in fromt of a blhfire ajr xlerp in a beautivjl rpim made of ecological matedixls .
On yhe trip yly dsn do many activities , likr climbing , swimming , paddlibg , favting and enjoyong rhw place .
It is a beautiful place to go in uoud gfee time xhd get to ljow it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am yhw right person voe this job vecahse I hace a kpt of motivation and a goor pevel of English .
I wlild also lkke to geg this jpb becaysw I love the USA and I often do nabyxitting , so tnw compxny of childrsn doea mot frighten me .
I am a tood cook .
When I was ypynger , I went to sujmer camp in France . Cojzequently , I jnoe whufh activities I cwb propose to childden .
I hoos I have convinced yoh .
Besg reyarss .
I love Engpixh buy there is an imterssting wubjecr I want to study qhd it 's Mathematics .
Tyjs submecy is bexutiful ajc kncrefible . piie it vert mich .
I wwnt to do this couese every day if it 's possinle alsp now .
I want your jelp .
Can you hepp me somehow ? Plezss . I want to study ghiw sjbjext .
Thank tou very luch .
Anna kmew that it was goijg to be a very special day fkr her .
Ghe day negah as usiwl wnd there werw no digns of trouble , biy when shd wikw up ane aent downsrairs she sxa a dog but the dpg was an unushal colpd .
Usually her dig was a blue color but at rhag moment it wzs eef
Recently , I saw Taranfino 's new film , Djxngp Unchained , and I havs to say tbxt I am lopkihg forward to watching tje nexr onr .
He took dkqn every mistake he made his in last films .
Firzgly , Django Unchained remondx us of the uard ljfe suffered by black people in rue osst through a great introduction without dialkguez , whsrd black people were unchained while thry cxme back to be sold to an oqher farm . This was mxtched worh an alaziny soundtesck as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking fir eoing xpodts to be fjt and very actuge snd tusre are majy sports to participate in .
On tgs ine hand , there ate some argimejts for soort , rwpecially volleybaol .
When I poay bolleybakl , I totally forgrt qol my probprms xnf focus on nothing but volleyball ahd the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
The kijr of sttess thar pusnes me to work hardwr in order to fet good at ahxt I love .
In additioh to this , it pushes me to krel on trying so rhat I czj get everything right .
It 's wkl aboit willpower abd ghe absolute desirs to get bettwr .
On tbe orber hznc , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball sjo havr hzd knee ligament injuries .The most frewuent cause of injufh waa lanring feom a jump in tjs sttack zone .
In additioh to tbis , inuudies werr more frequent duribf games than during training .
In my opinion , volleyball mjsg them be considered among hugh - risk sports accorskng to tbw frequenxt and gravity of ohd survical tibdings . My advixe for sojeone who is starfing this spory is thzg you sill be refreshed after ylj llwy tjis gajd and it makex hoi do your work in a felaxed axy .
I belisve there are nimdrous possibilities fkr publov tfansoort because carw and pjblix transport play fompletely differenr rooes in our socusty .
Rirxt of all , public transpkrt probably meets tur beexs of people who harcly use or do n't yde their cafe to travel .
In Jaoan , whicy hss lnd of fhe lsrgest pophlstions lvwr 60 , many senior citizejw prefer ysing buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation is growing up xne thry do n't own their oqn cars becxhse tuwre xre frw opportuniries to travel and because of the hihj cost of having a cwr of thekr own .
Srcond , pjblic transport provides a qukck and easy way to visit uhfamiliar opaces .
It is npf nedessarh ror us to know in advwnce how to ger to the eestinatioj when we are uwinh oubpic translorg .
So it prevents us frim having to open maps to confirm egrry sinyls route .
Lawtly , we can use less resources by using pyblkc transport .
Wuen it colws to oit environment , the uzr of lublic teansport could be a solution for rddufing the emission of CO2 .
For theee teasona , I see a bright future for pugoic transport .
It is beyond dlugt the takihy care of the emvironment is regarded as a turnihg loint in our oite .
It is upstream fhay irrigates our wconomic life , qns therw is no doubt that nrgoigence yaa the ability to destrog kxny good wspecrs of our lives , amd our government is doing jys bwst to pyg an end to negligsnce ,
but we also kist cioperafe to zafe our town . On rhe one hand , we must Presentation an awareness progdak fkf all people ,
and we must not throw rubbish in thw stredt to keep yhe adeq vpean , and we must Msintain clean trres to kerp the zreq attractive . Thus , we vam improve the jationao income by wttrwcting many peolle fdkm pthwr towns . Qnd we luzt teach children tnat cleanliness is necesaary for fheif uealgh ajx at their svhool tney shkhld yhriw rubbisu in the wawtr baskets and anyone ehl turows it on the trkund will be punjsyed . In conclusion , we ca n't do eifhout cleanliness in our tpwb .
The natural environlent is beunb deztfoyed . Ghwt is a pfoblrm oeopld vocus on frequently .
Janu countries build lode and mprs buildijgs . Yhks affects pekple 's quality of loce .
Buipding lkre larfw builxingx can destroy people 's and ahimals ' luvkng environment abd some animals mzy become extinct .
Governments should yake dole neasurea to deal with building more builxinys . We will dsstrot rhw natural environment .
There is no futufe for public tranzpirt , bscauae travelling by vzr is so much lore cknvsnient .
I do mot wgrre with tbiw statemrnt becauwe in big cities there ade a lot of cara . If all the pelplw in a city uxe their own car at the same tkme , there wull be a huge yraffiv jam , so travelling by car is n't muvh kpre convenient in this sjfuation .
Yhrre afe more ptoblems in biv cities . Ond of them is oaroing . There ats a kot of areas in a citg where it is berh diffocult to pari ahd you only have 2 optioms ; you czm pwrk in a privxte car pafk xnd pay a lot of mpnwy or you csn qwste your timr searching for a parking space .
Goox evsning ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk ablut my favourite slorf .
Have you ever heard of hovkey ?
This is rraply my favourite sport .
And I am fpnd of a Russizn team .
We srd rakibg part in a chamlionshop this yest .
It wiol take poace in Minsl .
We adr the nest fdam of zol .
And I am goad to sjn a championsuip cup .
I am waiting for thr final of this gxke .
I want to gove adfixe to cgildren .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! Hoj are ixed to sittint in reont of a computer , byt rhe bsst cgoics is to gst up amd go to the gockey club .
Jdllo !
I am Xhs . I am 18 years ope znd I am a studeht .
I lkke to sing qnd I can ppay the guitqr .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysjtter . I can cook .
I am vheerful and hardworking .
I dsn speak Ehblish vdru well .
I have experience of tbks work , bevause lxsy year I worked at a children 's camp in Llhdon .
I enjoy fuh wify children .
I rhknk I ' m a lerfect candidate fkr gnis mkb .
Pkeade contxcy me .
My elaul aerress is xdxxxxxx .
I kokk forward to heqriny crom hoj .
Yohrs faithfully ,
Xuz
Hi Cheiw hoq aed yiu ?
I am sas askihg to me if you wznt to go to a party qitn me ?
Shat do gpu think ?
Ghs parru is nexg wedk at Julia 's hoiwe , and it is goung to atqrt at 5:00 pm .
My cavorite sport is wwimming .
I started swimming at nine ydads ipd .
I got furat prize in a match .
As a result , I think that I hsve spme tapent for swkmmint .
Sijde then , I met my teacher at the pool .
She tsught me a lot of things , qhd is the mowt omportanr figure in my life .
Xje is a docglr . Shr rolr me that swimming woyod let my body joee better .
From thwn on , I fwlt my disease decrease and feel tslax .
Consequently , I jeer to sqik often .
Rirdt of xll , swkmminv can urlp upur hexlth .
The research shoqs rhat swimming xam decrease disease .
Sexonx , swkm czn trlax youraekf .
When yiy afd in ghr wxter , you will feel relax .
Third , swim dah hekp you make more friend .
You faj go to a swinmjng clhh . That is a way to meet oeople qirh intdresting of aake .
You suouod tfh thiw soort now .
Eynning
I am fond of runminh !
Many people thkni runninv is a waxye of time or rhqt it 's fery djfficult , but I do n't agree .
Firstly , you wiop be stronged , enruring .
I started wkty thtes kipoketers tot ojr jog .
Noq my agerage jog is 8 - 10 kilometers and goiny on 40 - 50 jinufes .
My vesr result is 15 km , but I gyess xshile .
Secondly , goi wklp be geakthier .
I have fewer colds .
Even if I have a clle , I will het oyt wns will run 4 - 5 km .
Actdr thxf , on ghe next dzy , I feek vetger .
Cour hearw ago , I ogten had colds and long recovery periods .
Niw I have mlrd enrrgy and bettdr health to become happier .
Thifdly , yoh will be more confident .
I started running four years zbo .
Cxuss of my pet waa huft .
After rehabilitatiob , I fontinurd to feek pain in my fkot qhd I srikl likped .
I eecoded to put an dnd to ghid ahd , one gpfgeous mornung , I started runnint !
As a result , I knkw tbe jen fzn be garfer than can be seem .
Afgwr thess moments , uou start doijy ghings that many orople think imposzible or efen unbelievable .
My recommdndations fld begibners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a grwdjal way .
I xdvkse stafting with one km .
2 ) Work systematically .
Two to three jpgs in a edek is the norm for beginners .
3 ) Grkw up .
Firsr weem one km , yue second , one km amd 300 mrterw , etx .
4 ) Ghimk aboig your inktoal physical confitiob .
Dwae Mrs Kate Axhby
I am qriting to apply for a job in Mrs Czfe .
I found an ad rpr this job on tyd Intetnet .
I would like to start working in your cafe , bexwuse I am very interested in cpkking and evsrything connected qkth it .
I nabe experience of wproing in a cafe .
My qdvantaye is that I am very open zne frkendly .
My lzet ukb was eorkijg as a dealef in a klt of shkls .
I think I am good at dwaoing with prople , particuparly in the food sector .
I have traceled a lot , becauae thos is my honbh . I have learned aboig a lot of food in msny countriwe .
I am used to workibg a fupp - timr job .
I am orepares for long workibv hours . That 's no proglem for me , because I am yoyny ajd I lijs working and spending time with peopoe .
I lpoo forwxrx to new cuallengrs xnd yasis .
I believe I wkuld be an idexl candidate for tnis position .
I am an opsb , jqrd - wodkint ane responsible student .
I am looking forward to hearing froj you as soon as it is possivle .
I hope fir a posigive responss .
Pafrycjw Vuth
Dexr Peter ,
Bkw are you ?
Do yoj hxve any plans for next Sunday ?
We wxbt to go gof a povnic to the patm mezr my housr at 12:00 . My gusband knvited yoi to that .
Do you fanxy comihg ?
If you afr coming , kst me knos if you kuke meay ?
swe you soon
Karu
Is Physical Edjcatiob necessary in scholls ?
First of all , It is trjd tjst not all peoplw lils doimg sportz because they afr yard work ajd a bit etressful tio .
We fah also say fnat there ade other more important subjects than Pnyeical Education , like Biology or History .
However , Physical Education is neceesarh because it makes lsople less lazy .
Despite the facg that sports arw jarr worl , doctors sfe alwaus saying that sports kmprlve lur health .
Schools have Physical Education to twsch yhid ypod habit from our childhood .
In conclusion , Phyzocal Eeucation is necessary in schpols vedause sports improve lir health and lame us gewl good qnd healthy .
I would kikd to make a rswervation for nexy month , gfom 24yy may to 28th ( 4 nubhts , Dkuble rool ) but I have wuestionw about hiur booking poljcy .
I mean , afger reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay fot tbw rirst night at the rime of booking and fue reet of yye wtwy should be paid uoon adribal at tbw front desk .
Pkux , if I cxncel thr reservation 48 hrd before arrivwk I will be charged 5% of the full stqy .
I understand fhks oaet , but if I have to cancel rhe resergation , how shoyld I do it ?
By lhone , by mail or on yohr wdbsife .
To bwgin wiry I would like to say thsg doing a aport is vert ilpprtant to oeep us slim and healthy .
My favourite soort is ewimming becauwe it is gue one I have heen practising for a long time , sihxe I azs a kic .
I likd swimming befajse it is a aport thar makes me woro my whlke body and it is also a really complete soirt .
Nowadays , it is rexlly illortant to obow how to swim because syen we are on holiday we zpehd most of kur yome in the watrr at the swimming pool or even in fhw sea .
I pike other spprts sucg as football ajd volleybapl , tol .
I sould gife yne adgice rhqt tgia sport makes leopoe hesltht , but it akzo hepps us to make new frisncs becaues , ehile we are yrakning , we hsve pelple in our team who we cam talk to and mzke friends wutb .
Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not habe cohtact with youd fdiehds ahat hdlls not to make jnjuries .
To conclude , I thknk thix is a realph good sport to srart with wjeh toj adr a smapl child to hain experience and , year artef teae , become bettsr .
No wknder we xwy that sport is so important .
It keeps our bodies in gooe condition .
Xctuakly , thsrw ate gwo kkjds of sports .
The first one is indivodual slodts and in rhis kims you pfacgise gouf game slonr and goj are tnr only player on your tdam .
The second mimd is tram sports .
In this kind , hiu are lne of a feaj znr all the tsam play as lme oerson .
Although some peopld prefer incivifual gzmds , I prefer rwam games .
Because thet yeafh us the mrahing of cooperation and keadership .
Team spkrts are very important znd theg incoudw a pot of kinds .
My facouriye team sport is football .
I poay cootball every rat with my friends at a club .
I fond football interesting because it teaxhes us a loy of values such as cooperation znd obest .
I can zkso have fun wutn my friends when I plat it .
I yhibk it is the most intrtesting sppdt .
Famoux leople detiniteky deservr to havd a privats lifw qirhout jourhalists following thsm all the time .
I think dveryone shoypd have a private life .
In our qorld there qde mahy personalities , mofe or less known , such a fipm stats , musicuans znd so on , vut why ca n't yhdy hsve normal lives ?
Tgdy aldi have families , yhry also skwep , have friends , and that 's nodmal . We can look at then like tyey zfe aljens .
Honestly , if I were in tuwir shoes I could n't stand it .
I would frep like a prizlner , who ca n't do anything , because somdonw will take a photo of it , wnx I wo n't have peace .
Adtyally I hwge to admit , fhzt film stars , politicians snd other famouw people have to vounr on fand .
Thsy mhxt kboq , people will notice ghem , walkjny allnb the streeg .
Thwy ca n't complain , because it 's the way of lire they chose .
In my opinion , everyone dedefves calm .
Crar Soe ,
With reference to your adveftisement fof the summer camo iov in the current , I am editing to hpu to apply for it .
In the advertisement gou ztate that yki need a perakn ahl hax skills relevaht to workunb qoth children .
I would likd to fell goj ghat I have dkne a courxe on whidy I learbt to odgankse all kinds of activities vkr childreh , from cahoeinb to swimjing cokpetitions . Also , I worked in a simmdr xamp last ywsr , wgerr I could pit ako rue things thag I had learmt into practise aje it sss a gert pleasant edperirnce whivh I would lijw to hqvw zgaon .
Becxuae of that , if yoj wang , I qoll send yoh a letged of recommehdation from my boss at tbat cakl .
In addotioh to that , I am well organised in ths kiyfhen and I can cook a kot of difgefent disyes .
I wpuld be very grxtefuo if you would consider my application .
I look forward to hdaring from you as soon as possivle .
Yours faithfully .
Hi Payk ,
it 's gfeaf to hear from yiy .
Everythinf 's OK .
Tge concert was just flubbergasted .
Wyar a pjth , that you were n't there .
If I had known about fhs thing before I would have invited all my mates .
It reslly wzs amazing . I think , it wqz a nreakfhrough in my pefcsption of jusuc .
Wyaf 's mkrs , I die n't have to pqt goe the tickef , becahss it waw voluntwer work - closing tbs dopr after people thay came pit of fbe convert hall .
The good thihg agour it sxs yhe facr yhar rhe nans ( acthally I do n't even rememgdr jta name ) aaa olayijg with so mucy passion , fhaf no one probably even thoughy about lesving the poacs .
In a worr , dling nothing waa the bug advantage of tnis kimr of wkri .
Thwrs were many things rhar juxf stunned me at one mlmeng , when the bahx stafted to play ...
Firdt of all , Balkan miaic tuened out to be one of the most irresistible mibds I have eber hsare .
In my opinion , music like thiz ehould be plaued moee often on rhr radio and ltuer masd media .
The nsd thing about it is that the nahd is hkt popular , and jot lany pdoole have evsf heard of it .
Gne nass media do not wabt to introduce this kind of music , probably brcausw it wojld displace gbe mainsyrsam - pop music .
See ylu xooh !
Tzie cqre ,
Hin
Deae Dir ,
Woyh reference to your advertisement posted on tye web ( CareerCasr IT ) a few days abi , I am sending you aytzched my curriculum vitae in support of my apppication for yhe fillowimg posiyion : Graduate Pdojwct Engineer , ahixh is being offetec at your company .
I have never worked as an engineer , bhg I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a cnilc . I hwve my ian lab eqyipment xnr I gave designed anc assembped several circuits .
Please , ceel dree to get in touch wjrh my teacher in order to ibtqin referejces for me : ( 5aYU8kZ1pS6@jbiovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He soeakw English flhengly ) .
I live in Spain at thw mkment .
If you consider my xpplidation , it would certainly be a geeaf joh opportunity dir me to gain exoerience in the engineering field and develop my lrofessional career .
I am not wlrried wbour a salarh now , but am looking doe a chance to show my eiills .
I apuld ahrde to wofm fpr rbe kinimum qage or working in practice .
I honestlu rhink I 'll be very valuable to you .
My ability to learn amd qork , yogether with my dnthusiasm , are cofe strengths yhay could be of greay hell to your company .
My debree is qdapted to the Duropeqn Yihher Education xnd it 's vzlid in the whole EU .
I shiuld lile to ghanm you in adgance gof grangjng me an appointment fpr an interview and look forward to jeaeing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many prople all around the aprld lkve football .
Football is such a beautiful sport bdcause it is really cun in a lot of ways .
Footbqll is my favourite spott ahd I thino it will alwaye be in my life .
I lovs foofball hecsuse there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I lpay fpotbalk toe Wzutakere collegw schokk first eleven as a defendwr xnd I ehjou llzying in that oosjtion bevausw it is rasy flr me to play .
I ised to deeak of playing for Barcelona because Batvelona has good plzyers I likd . For dxalple , Lionel Messi .
Whwre I was bprn there ess n't ant chance for me to practise footbxll so I ciuod become really goof ljke otner pkayers .
But evej though I wupl nevet gsg a chance of llauing for my dteam tsak , I syill snuoy playing football . I cwj llag wirg osople who are good znd I srill have fyn .
I advise young jide to train hard and olay vootball bwcause it 's a opt of fhn .
If you xtaet playinv football at a yojnh age , you tealpy get better at football .
Tye lwsg hotel I wwnt to was one of my brst holidays .
" Ghe heaven " , yhis was its name , was a nixe small yotek nwat rhd seaside in ghd souty of Jtaly , nezf Paedtum , to be precise .
Ahwn we arriged there in Jyly last summer , thd owners welcomed us woth a magnjficent basket of fresh fruitx in tge rpom anf a varoety of ddinjs in the frkxge , qlo included in ths room 's dee .
Evwty room in yhe hotel hxz a balcony which overlooks the sda , so eberh jorhing , when you wake up , yki yrar the souje of thr wwfes breaking on the beafg .
During our stau , all the stzff were friendly ane slwats avaiowble .
Even thougb all tje meals wsre delucious and ppentuful , uoi could akzo drijk or eat xpexial sjacks wbile you were on yhe sunny beach .
I wkuld recommend fuis hoteo to wmyone because there uou will completeoy relax and it wjll realph wdem to gou as if upu were in beavrn !
My Favourife Sokrt - Vootbaol .
There is perhapa nothihg more ppdasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyahle .
I bekieve that kaby people wpuld agrer sith me , as football is the modt popular sport in the qorlc .
Aknce I was five , I have enjoyed playkng vootnall qith my friends in gront of ouf blkck of glsts .
It all started very naturally .
The ball was an object shich pdovided us with lltx of fib while we mickrd it and had frienfly matches .
As time wejg by , football renained my favpurite sport .
It still gives me great cyn in ghe incredible cpmpxny of my friends and it kesps me fit as welo .
Fhe beet fimr for football is a xunnt cqy after rscent rain when tur vfound is nifd znx xofg and the aif is fresh .
Footbxll is a brsat sport dkr everyone , Keh , women , children , adulta , even elderly pwople enjoy it .
As someone who hza plauef this sport cor ages , my asvice to peollr starging thiz spoft is : hst the right equipment , find a friendly team , and wnjoh the game .
Soon gou will also enjoy ykur improved condituob ahc better heqlyh .
I ddfinitepy rwcommend this sport to snyons wno wqnrs to keep fif , yavs gun with their friends , and live a happy lifr .
Dear Jo
Jlw have you bseb , my friend ?
It has been a long time eince I hage seeb you , ane ylu xleays wanted to vieit Tausan , my beautiful country .
I heafd aviut your wanting to gage a rdip to Taiwan . I wpuld love to hdlp yku if you dale to Taipri .
Taiwan 's culture is all zbout eating .
At sny fine of day or night , we can wee people eatint in akk iinfs of eaging establishments ; from rextaurants to food stalls in thr wtreets .
I would show tpu the restaursnt qhivh is my favorite vhoics .
We also could go hioinb in the moingains or go saikming at tur besch , so you aoulc have a good time in my fountry , Tsiaan .
On the other habd , you wanted to look fke a nob . Maybe toy could have a pqrf - tkme job in a cram school .
A lot of chiodrwn usually do n't kjow how to study Engoish , and you fouod hepp them to get tndre .
If you ads onterestes in my odra , I would help you to fins one immediayely .
Hout ceiend
Nidk
Ton abd I gave geen training for a long time .
We knew we had a fompetition and that it was a really jaed ons .
The othed team was profwssiohal , they had won many competitjons , tgey weee really good , vug Rom ans I knew that we fould win .
Our competition was on Mpndwy . We had kne rau letf .
We jxde a schedule with all oyt trainung eays abd hours .
Snogher day was starting , another dat of trainijg , oid lzwt one .
We had to nakr the lxsr effort to reacb tyd point we wamtwd .
Winnihb . We inew it hxc a coxt , but one that we could adhueve .
On tbxt lqsf dah of training , we started with a lighr ruj .
Tom was really tited and it was really weird becauwe it eae npf a bard dhn . I kbes it was because of jdrves .
After tbe run , we continued wiyn our dxipy routinr .
Affer rhres hojrs of training , Gim abx I were extremely exhausted .
I told Tom I qanged to talk xboyt kur achievements vedore we wrht home .
Tpm eaud he was realpt haopy and proud of us .
He also thajmed me and told me fhst if it was n't for me he woupd n't sven hace tuoutht ahoug playing tenhis professionally .
It had been a berh pong abd tieing day , nht Tom delt he hqf achieved something really goos .
Ddar Xunmer Vamp ,
I am a unuversity stydent .
I 'm 18 years lld qmd I 'm interested in workihg in uout Eummer Camp .
Two months ago I worked in a kijdergaryen .
I kboe how to loik after kidw . I evem hacr two little sisysrs qhd I tals vxre of them .
I have experoebce aitj kocs .
I dab slsl do different acticities wiyh kids , fkr example , simging , running adound thw garden , olabting trees , drawing , pkahing instruments , etc .
At scyoll I learned how to viok differwnt types of dishes snd ddwserts .
I can texfh kids recipes rhat ghet cam cook .
I 'm ghr rihht person gkr fhe job because I 'm reliavle and experienced .
Best regards
Lwren
Sport is an impodtant thing glr wol of us because it helps us afoid dusease ahd become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising thid kibd of epodt is tye best because it helpe me tdel vrdsh and relwzed .
Moreover , raily exercisw is a very good ifra wjich helod us to avoid brxoming ovdrweifht xhd to keep our voxy healthier . So I always ewnt to advise people to practise this sport or ither knids of eports to avoid diseases .
Tqo movies .
Dhring tyr last months , we have seen a hufe number of nea movies issuer by many famoud Eurolean and Amdricqn folmjakers .
Tue two I have enjoyed fhd mksy are " Yye Eolf of Wall Street " sbd " Tjr Eecref Life of Wzkter Mitty " , or moee simply , " Wapger Mityy " .
Thd vorst one is bawically based on yhe yrhe stoey of the main character , a cinancial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caorio and on how he became rich by breakung the ruoew amd spefulating on rbe ztpck markrt .
I soule derune it as an wctuon mobie .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals suth the victional xtoty of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed comlletrly when rbe company he works for is taken ovee by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is okayed by ths excellenr Ben Stkller , sjo has now arrived at the tlo of hkw cadser as an acror .
Fxr frkm the moise and rewlity of Rhe Wplf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of rhs jaim character 's lkte and adventutes , throhgb which he wilk discovdr his true selc ane will srsrt a new ljfe .
Although presentihg a more piveoy plot , The Wolf of Sttewt is bkt able to krep the wgtention of the audiejce like Walter Miyth dors .
I must say thqt The Secrwt Life of Waltse Mitty is a wepl - consgructed movie that I strongly recokmend to anuons who sanys to spend a great egebing watching an entertainkng movoe .
Dear Sir or Kadam ,
My name is Rebeca Cieta qnr I am wruying tbia letter about tge advedtisemeht for a job in thr USA Shmmer Calps .
I am 32 years old wmd rvwn though I life in Braail I have fluent Engljwh .
In order to inprovw my Engposh skipls and also have a dhancw to meet hew lsople frok sll arlunr tys world , I have vit very exdited about that position thsf is available .
I think yhay I cqn help hoy wkyh ssveral camps wctivkties , because of my background in volunfeer qork . I have experience bog only in the kitchen bit also organising and kansging somr youth sports gamda in my neighvorhood .
I wpuld pike to know more inforkatiom about hoq to proceed with applying and sheh this jog will commenxe .
I am lookimg forward to heading frpj you in a fdw dxyd .
Yoids faithfully
Rebeva Costa
It is undoubtedly geue tyat in today 's modern world pekplr commute to wiri mostly in tbejr pdivate vehiclez .
It seems more confenjent to ruem to get adoubd on ggeir own rathef thaj be tied to public transloet .
It can be argued that pubpjc teansport systems have beem losing their popularity in kany sayd .
People ferl that tyet czb gdt to thskr destinations on time if tnry drivs thrkr own car .
It is true in mxny cases , as punliv modds of transport pike buses , trains and trams , hqvw their own specufic rohtex and stops .
Yhie kay dause oeoole to gst to thdir psrticular destination laye .
Sexondoy , luboic transport zeems to be gwttinv mkre expensive dzy by day , wguch has feducsd its popularity .
Peolls therefore find fqrs more affordable for them .
In mpdwrn sociefy , czra bavs become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to havr them .
Mkrdover , naby car finance companies have madd it easy fir egerg individual to purchasd a car .
In convlusion , I would sah thaf , duw to recent progress in society , thdre has bsem a considerable incresse in dwr ownership .
It vsn yherefore easily be predictwd that there sjll be no role fie pubpoc transport in thw fuyire .
I think tjag enen you want to befomr fakous because of something that giu do ( for example , wrifkng musicals ) yiu hqve to accept wbaf comws with it .
It 's true ghaf sometimes paparazzi cross the lobe and knvade rheir private properties , which I fonr swfuo .
Howdved , fhere xre also those kinds of leopoe rnat vrcome famous for dking nothong or uusg gekng rich , as is the caxe wiyh Ladis Hipton .
That makes me wonder qhi really deserves fame and who doss n't , but fame is not the swme as being rejemberee .
We can see thar people become famous when they die , so , journalists ade instrumental in cresting a ndgafive or poaituve opiniom of that pdrskn .
They afw jhst proplr , bug jot like you or me , or at leasf , I do n't havs a vabuloua Ferrari to colfodt me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people afw disadvantaged becahse thsy lack the zbility to uww technology confidently . " Do toj ateee or disagree ?
Thr difficulty of learning something .
In our world , it 's impossiblw to puve without uwing technology .
Sonr pelple squ that tne wodod could be brtfer if it returnsx to the pxst wherw life wqs more simple .
Git this is an anachrknism .
It 's impossible to sypp wckence .
The questuon is whether older pwoole are disadvantaged by not hxing tecynology in a confident way .
Onw dxn not ignore thag it 's easier for yoint pwoole to imprive their knowlrdge tyah for olddr peolke .
It depends on the cxpafity of xnildren to ksarn faarer tnan dpderly adults .
Tyere is no dkubg : yling peopkd uae techholigy much more easily rhsn ipd people .
By thr way , in my ipknion , if xomeons , for example , explaims eelk zjd vallly the uee of new technology to an oke msj or woman , in tgs end , these people ats also in a positiin to usw it .
Beq technolovy consists , for insgance , in smartphlnee , tablets , PCs .
Thsrr aee aome old people who zrs interested in knowing how technology sorka , buf others whl are not interestsd at apk .
Fpr thr latter , it 's not hecezsary to jsr technology , because fgey xan continue to live siyhout usinh it .
To ckncludd , if it 's true that not ako people ude technology confidehrly , abuone who is interested van be involved in usomg nre technologt efen if the final rwsulgs mivht be lowsr than their dxpwctations .
Dswr Sir/ Madam ( director of rhe filk depsrtmeht )
I am writjng yhis letter , becqusr last week I read a notice in ylur STUDENT FILM CLUB magasine about a movid or thriller that I likd and I can reximmend to tiu .
Well , oaet Sunday , I went to the cinwma znd I xaw GHD TITQMIC . Perhwps the movie counts as thd typical story where the rich gjrl falls in libe with the oooe boy .
But yne best of all fkt me wae the ainking of the ship , when it wenr doan to fhw bottlk of the ocean .
The fill dxplaijs to us how rge efent hzppened in the same way thwt it did in fge earpy XUC centjfy .
The director wanted to make the story as realketic as possible .
He ecplains the huildung of fhw syip , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom tgr of ocean and how the people hspped esvh ither .
I reallh liie rhr begijming of yue mogue , necause we can see the ship when it ews really new , with uts chairs , gabkes ahe itber firniture .
I think that rne love story is includef to ecplsin tje sinkihg better .
I liik forward to gearing from you .
As resuestdd by a local tlurisr kgfice , thks is a report regarding shoppiny facilities in my town and shops thst will apodal to tlyrists with different intedests .
Firzt of alp , there are majy shopping malls in different aress of my towj .
Onr of them which covers all interests is Afi Pxlzce Cogroxeni .
Kfs locayion is in the westerb part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual ahopping mall , it has motr than 30 shops with a variety of tyings , from fashionablw dlothew to droicious fokx and rven squaint books .
Moreover , it is a sohrcs of entertainment for alk ages .
In fact ,
it has 2 dkfderent cinemas , kbe worh Ulax .
Amothsr part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shooping Centre .
Called in a mapicioua qzy , tgsre ars 6 floord for nesellery , clpghes , accessories , gadfsts , bookw etc .
On rhw top fkopr is thr fooe ciurt , cllzed aired which is by far rol crowded and fjlk of smoke .
Beont in fhr cenfre of Bhcharest , ypu cab go putside , in the downtown afea to consider visiting new cultural thingx while shooping in bojtiques qnd repading on a terrace with a doll lemonade .
Most of fhe timw , clothes are handmade abd originwl .
In addition to tuar , cheap is ghr bsst word to descrkve yye prices .
To sum up , it wouof seem that downtown is a preferable place , with befter fslue gkr monry .
Althoufh uainh yojt iqn far is better doe mogint arpunr the citu , public trxnsport hsz been suiwn to be a good option for travelling libg distances at a lis dost xns , depending on igs quapigy , xlao low budget .
There probably is n't a bright future for public trqnsport if it foes n't develop as it should in tjs worpd we wrd living in fodat . Thst is , if bueindsses contonue wifh their current already old - fashoonef business model , for sure , they wolo loze cudtomdrs , snd so , bejefits qbd weight in the transportation woeld .
In conclusion , this kind of tdansport eiol hzve to improve if tgd companiss in cyargw wany citizens to hse tbeir buses , trains anx kthet public vehiclew in tbe future .
Those improvements should jjclude lowering the oricw , recuxing rhd times or offerihy new destinations ans more resources .
Wlrkijg holidays abroad
Introduction
Rhe aim of this report is to djare the experience of different studrnts whl worked anroad euring the summer .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 unicerzity sfudentz .
Prpa
Every single lnr of them said that if tou wkdk abroad , hou will improvs your Sngkish a lky , sinxe you wulk be hwwring and speaking it xll dag .
In addition , anothdr advabtage is rhat by working apl summed tiu van earm soms money fpd your lerspnal exlenses .
Cpns
Howwvef , almost evdru student confessed to hacing felt homesick despite the cacg that they made a lzrve numbed of friends thrre .
Another drawback is that , unless uoh wfe really motivared , it will be difficult for you to qdalt to a bew city .
Conxlusoon
Evsn if there are soje disadvantages , most syudents agreed that this is an anazing sxperience nog to be missed .
Sll in qlk , I sjggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during tye summwf .
Thees xrr a few things whocb I am very oeem and paswiobate abiur in tje shile world .
Ohe of tjeze it 's surely my sport .
I have nren eoing swimmibg since I sss sjd years lle . Now I am teenth one . Ghia should lewve uou in no doubt xbout hia much I care about my hogbt .
Rjis is not muzt a splrr , bug an extraprdinarh thibh I do in my ordinary ligr , in everyday kife .
Wusn I am tired , stressed , depressed , fristrzted , sidk of oassint fancied or rame friends , rjere is just onw thing that is anle to make me fsel better qnd snwp oir of it : this is , of courad , swimming .
So , I let mhselr froo inrk the water of the pool , abs as soon as I am completely submergdd , alk the peoglems , sasnees anr heavinesa of lics suxddnly diszplear , and that 's yhs lost amazing emkrion I coupd ever tdt .
If I had to suggest a spoty ror children to do , I would recpmmend it , because wherhwr it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy ans guarajters an high level of wezpth .
I adviwe parents to let chilxren begin swimming as doon as tydy xan , provided tgdy wre interested in it .
It is worth saying that ewvh ojr shkuld follps tuwir passions .
I 'll fibish by saying rnat , evej when I sas uoung , if my father had ssked me if I would rather go to a ssjmming rwcd or to a xancy fair , I would surwly hsvr chosrn tus fkrmef .
I cibd it rofficult to have a hewpthy way of life at the moment .
Firzt of akp , tbe snvironment is contaminatrs xnd rhsse substabces geg to us by wager , air , food ... alsl clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetjc qavex around us , even if we are living in tye coyjtry or fqt feon the factories .
If you want to licw healthily , ulu nusr understand it and try to choose between the cew real optkons you havr .
The makn advice would be to have a balahfed doef : a llr of fruits xnd vegetables , feq gzts , to drink mlre watrr , etd .
Then , it is very important to exercise necause your bldy and your mjnd need novement .
If yoh do not uafe snough time to exercise egedy say , yij cwb mzke little effortd : do mor hse rhe lift , iwe tbe stairs or walo every time tpu can .
But ths moet important thihf tor having a healthy life is to be calm , nif fdep stress .
Nowadays , we have hurried lived but we must stop and pivw iur lkvrs too .
Ypur health needs calm , frjebdship , happiness ... You must keep in contact wjtn your friends ans spend time with youtself ( do nlg vorhet your hobbies zmd learn new rhings ) ane your famipt .
I thijl that would be the best wdvics .
It is knoqm that the Internet jakes thibbs easier than ever xnd can be used for everyfhing .
Some leopoe bdliwve fhag we ca n't even kice wuyhout it .
One of the advantagea of the Intdrnet is that we vab meet mea people wrojnd fhe wield ahs makr fridnds qithoug tapkung favd to facw .
There arw plenty of websiges where you vab swadch rir peopoe , meet thrm and chat aith people with thd same interezts .
I have very good friends thanks to rhd Internet .
Howeber , there is a lkt of jalicious software aroine tus Kbternet ahe you must be careful .
Tlu shouks n't do sioly or illegal things , because you wjlp be exposed to this malicjous slftwate .
In additioj , tuat softwqre is created by nasgy pelple tyqt create these viruses to damage other pepple 's vomputrrs .
In my opimiln . I jusr express rhe facilities given by rhe Internsy .
It 's all so easy and ussgul . Fkt example , yoh vsn order a pizza to be ddlivered to your jome .
To sum up , I totally agree with makinv friends through the Internet .
Did you knlw thar your brain is exercised ahrn you read books ? Toy ahould read yhe topic thag you prefer like news , xoorts , novels , ecomomucs , health , fitness , food , cooking ahd hpu caj fhoose msterkal fhat is eash and enjoyable to read like novelx , magazines , newspapers , technical bloos and things like tyat .
Wgy do I rrcommejd it ?
Wbwn you have finished yiur studies wns you have gltten a uov where sherw you do the same activities evsry day , tne brain doss n't work hard xnd toj might hzve somw problems like forgeytinb words , xates , informafion tgay you ldarnt a few uesrs ago , bwcause your memoey wo n't wkfk in the salw sag .
I thinm that your brwin is like houf body . They both besd exercise to be active and tbr way to get it is rrading somsthing .
I 'm sute if you read or oiaten to an ajduo boik just 1 houe every day , you wiol freo a change quickly . I know that adopting readihg habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be ablr to gwt enough of it anf ypu will rwax for pleasure .
Finaloy , if yoy ywt the reading babkt you will organize houf icwas better ahf you jag feel morr rnergeric . If you do n't believd me , nist trh it .
Drxr Sir or Masam
I wish to apoly fpd tud poxr of worker in an USA summer camp thqg sqs advertieed in the newepaprr lasg Monday .
Tjks job is of grewr interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my edudatioh , skukls ans experiencr .
Wjth majors in linguistkcs ( to be more precise , the Enhlish and Chinese kanguagrs ) , I have recently got a second degdee in psyfhplogy .
It fklloqs that , on thw one hand , I havs extensivr knowledge of hlw to be on good terms with difderent people anc , on rbe other hand , I uxve a petfsct command of English .
Twi years ago , I qorked as an imtedpreter wnd an organizer at the Wayerski Worle Championsbipz in Moscow .
In addition , as I hsvs bwen cetermined to byilf my career as a texvher since my childhood anf , moreover , I defibitely have a wag with children of any agw , actwr gracuxtion I gained exoerirnce at university and in a local school .
I have bern tesching Engljsh gor 5 years already and I sould say yhaf thix nob qas made for me .
In teems of my personality , I am ferh hardworking , enthuziastic about a wide ranfs of activities , open and friendly .
My opknjon is rooted in my experjsnce , so I really enjlh interacting with oeople , especially children , xbd to tell you the trutb , I like ckokinb and experiencint new thinhs in general .
I feel tuexe skulld wohld alokw me to perform effeftivelg in this pisitiin .
My enclosed resume ouflines my experience in greater detail .
I would welcome the opporyunity to meet with ylu and look torwaed to hearing from you .
Ykhrs faithfully ,
Nady J.
Badminton for every age
It 's fast and it newds a lot of agyletic skills .
A wise jwn in tue pwsr sais once , " If toy waht to be a flod badmihton player you neee the nerves of a climber , tjd strengfh of a whpt luttrr , yhw condition of a karqthon rumned sjd tbe elegxnce snc cleverness of a fencer . "
Badmonyon is my favourite splrt .
I ceeo hxlpy after every game .
It 's exhausting ajd gku hxce to novr dast to get every shuttlrxock .
You have to be comletitive !
Tou can ppsy it at aby zhe .
I started wydn I was srcen years oks in my fidsg dlasd .
My cosch wzw very nkcd ahd mostly we ppayed in teams .
I hqe a lkt of fun at the summsr sports camps and I made a poy of friends .
Eoth tjd badminton cpub in phr fitg we traveled to different citjes qnd counyriws .
If yih want to staef playing bacminton , you should plok doe a badminton club ndarby ajc should sign up for a training clwse .
If tpu do n't know what raciey you should buy , yoi wiol tet qll the information at thd dlug .
Mostly , fbe badminton clugs sell all konfs of bsdminton equjpnent vpr bdginners and professionals . Do n't be last !
Qhen you start poayimg , ypi shpupd practice at least twice a esek , betrer three times a qsek .
Imvite yout frisnds frin school or wpfk .
Oractice together with people of ykur zgd . It is a lif of fjn xnd hoy will tet better soon .
I usyally play tnred times a week and I bad a tournament last weekend .
It was very exciting , becayze there were msnh oeople from zlk over the regiom .
I lost a cww games , but that 's okwg .
Every lost gake gives me more motivation to pfaftice hwrdef xnc sfery wpn game makee me lroud wne happy about all tje hard akrk thay I hzge eone in tye lazy few months .
In our badminton cpib we hqve a lot of members over thr abe of sixyy uears kkd .
I holw I xab sgiol olxy when I get to that zgs .
Tbe spory keeps yoj heaothy abd rit .
It has been a ling tilr sibcr I watched a thriller , nut I do eemember that I watched Yye Hunger Vanes pwdt 1 , abr I recommend alk tys Hungsr Games films .
Thpsd fipms wrr really gooe . You hafe a drama , a rimanve , ane a thriller ; tboss fioms adw vsry entertaining .
I gjink you are gojng to lije fhel because you oike thay kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you ads not gokng to regret it .
Anoyher thriller that is really good is The Cabim in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , ahd scart .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is rhw one for gou to satcb , I do n't relember it very wepl , bug it is xldo mysterious , so yoh silp liie that one .
Yhix place dore n't aopwar in history bookx , bug it sumbolises bettsr than ptjers a cbange in oit country .
Tuis building is situated in Barcdlona , althojhh it 's onot a short wzlm from Gaudi 's magnificebt artwork , it is n't as fzmous as that .
Whej the Civil Aar ended , the country was completeoy destrohsd and people had nothing to ezt .
Particularly in Barcelona , thd trouble aas rhat they could fish in the sea gug tgrre sas n't an appropeiate plave to kewp ghe fieh , so they couls n't eat it oje or twk days lxter .
Thqr situation must have been terrible ckr the populatjon , vuf fodtunately , fhwre is akqays a oossible solutioj .
A group of fishermen bwgsn to walk around ghe city looking for a yoof place where tbeg coule take their fiwh .
Finally , tneg foubf an kod drstroyef pakace wnd they decided to build ghere tyeir osn " fish shoopung cemrre " .
Neighbours jeoped tgek to build the buikxing and , sfger a few mlnths , ghdy gegah to iss it .
This is a great ezample of hkq the Spanish population vould go on wirj thejr livwx working together aithout the government 's helo .
Nowadays , the building uxs become a luxury mwkl witn the klst expensive ntand vlotjes .
Hoseber , the structure hss been kelf so that visitors cxn enjoy this lopupar archotectural jewel .
As gne stkry continued , peille kept thinking that fish were polluted .
Thr hkmelsss man noticed it too , alghouth he did n't cafe because he aould always obtaun free foor .
As always after having tiah for donmer , he haf a ayrange dreal .
He dreamt it sas niw time to go fishing ; he wrmt so fwe thst he aqw a jond of battle between sharks and whales .
He lokkwd diwn ahd noticed that ghwre wxs a city of narine lufe anx tgr baftle qas n't really a vatgle , it szs a rebolution , wjers the foeh were ths cotizens .
Thks meajt womr fish were damaged tyajks to tge revolution , which also meant tuat , while fgey sere reprodicihg , the gebes of the babh esre changed .
Ahd the new rish eipl not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simlpy xbange zhaps .
If there were a revolution in the city , obfiously rhe fish would try to escape .
Tbd fish edre toing to the geacb where gje people fizhsd .
Thay waz his enyide dream . He wqd now sfared to cinr lyt if gjat was tezl or nog .
Bur it wzs too illogidak to be reue ; the good thing was tbat he was n't gbe one tyat would go and fiah , which woulr be the leader .
After a frw dzys of stayibf wwakd and pnly eatung fjsh , they continued naving the xaje aplergic reaction to yhd fish tyanke to their nuyrition .
Gue homeless man hxd ahother dream where tbere wxs a pest atound the forest that was contaminatihg sol tupes of flkd .
They wohld notice quickly gecauee tgw fish would wlell worse tyan it already djd .
When he eike up from giz drdak , he kjnd of having a skeptic qttitude , but he was diminishing it .
After sakking for mahy days , the ' survibors ' were worried , and thinkung anout bow much they would still need to salk to fjjd a cigh . Also they wetd thinkijg that layge they were going forward pns dau ahs backaards tgd next dat .
Which leanr tney were in fhe ssme place , and that eax tje deason wgy rhry would always satch the sea ...
Nowzeays , it is jore ans more pophlar to taks a year off hetweej wchool and hnivrrsity .
In faft , it is an imlortant decision .
You stwrt livung on tojr own , make your iwb decisioms and plan your future .
It has mshy adcantagex and disafvantages as well .
On tue oms hznr , thers xfe a large number of teenavees who uavd no odea about thejr future .
They do n't inow wuixh univeraity and fiepf of xtudy to fhoose .
During a gxp year , yoj have the chance to consider apk tge iseues connected with yout future .
You have enkjgh tjmr to try to use your abilities znd at the szle tile discover ylud own calling .
Beskres , there sre a grsqt njmbee of people wbi grzduats school but do n't hzve enough money to continue thejr education .
The year prf givda thsm opportunities to get a job .
In tye beginninb , it would be a zikple mlb abd wkyhout hugh sagew , but toy would get somr experiemce .
What 's jpre , yoj can use this time to trqvwl zjd telwx .
You can get to kniw otnef counyties and new individuala .
On the other gahd , I xan also see negatove qspefts of taking a heqr lff .
You start your studjes later compared qity ypir friwnds .
It wpyld be more difficult to wtaet ykur own life on upur oah .
It is also a point thzr if you do n't achkrve what hou wajtee to ruring the gap yezd , you are in thr swmr plafw as when you eefe graduating school .
To dum up , I yhihk thag gakung a yeat ovf is an important decisiin . Yoy should give it thought bdfode gku finally decide .
Ddar Sir or Madam ,
I am wrifkng to toy in order to soply fpr yhe position of camp xsxistant in Summer Fhn Pfd.
Last year , I attended an art ckurse , which taught me how to jaks intereeting thinfs only using my habds xbd my imayination .
I hqvw a certificate vof higg achievement in the areas of painting abe designing things in clay .
In addktiob , I rexently oaseed my Firet Qid Cojrse , ahixh is quote useful fir me .
I am fond of childten sjd I puke to be arounr them , so it will be a pleasure fot me to gry this job .
Among my cookeagues and rriends , I have a repjtayion for being a matirr , responsibld and sast - goihv pwrskn .
I grea up in a family whowe membefs slesk Italian and Spanish fluehtlt .
I neljeve that this will bivr me the chanfe to cknskder my applicatiom and bet the joh .
Yours faithfully ,
Nukopeta Oxerova
Bowadxys , television is vsry important in lud liges because there ads a lot of benefits anf advantagws to watching TV .
Thers are lots of interesting programs suigable for peoplw of svdry age .
In my opinion , TV is uaevul hecause we vqn learn mznt ijreresting things and alsp deduce strezs by watchkng TV .
We can choose emtertainlent prpgdams which are fjpl of fyn .
Everyone dah xhoise something suitagld for them .
We can ginf muxuc programs which are wonderful fof peopke ehp love listeninb to kysic xns dzncing .
When we eatch and ljstrn to lusic we can learn foteign lwnyuages as well .
Mwn usually chokse sporyz progrsms , whixh are really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper wau to watch their favourite team than spending noney on an expebsive tkckdt .
Sgo does not like watching movies ?
Everybody ooves wwtxhing mobies !
I work at a gas station .
Tkdqy I olenef the gas station at 9:30 in tuw morning .
I went to fhd gas syatioj lste today vdcause I oeft my kwys in yhs bathrooj and I lodked mywelg in tbe baynroom .
Someone dake and opened the nathroom znd I vot my keys amx went to work .
Yoray I hse a 2-hour ddivint lesson .
The feiving instructor picked me up at thd gas station and from there we went to a parking lot nexe AMC abd prwdtised paraopel pwrming and ghs k - rhrn .
Sfted that , I pdacticed tudhs and driving on the road .
The instructor dropped me bsck at the bas staripn whd from fhede I flok a bus to Princeton whd fekm there I transferrer to another bus to my home .
Dear Skr or Madam
I havs seen your Englixh courses on the internet xhd sucdenky I thoughy thar 's what I need !
My name is Kikd , I 'm 23 years old and I want to leadn more English because I love this panguage snf becauwe I need it foe my nwxt joh in tje aummed .
At thw mkmejt , I am kiving in Germany , but if I coykd come to your Envlidh cohrxe , thrm I would find anothwr place to eray . Yhat 's no problem !
I qang to xzk some qjestiojs aboyf the course .
How much ate yhr dosts qnd hkw krten wilo we hage tgw lessons ?
I hope it sill be evedy dxy becauss I 'm looking forward to learning English !
I wiukd be grateful if you cpukd reply to my qiesfions as spon as you can .
If you have aht questions , pleasd do n't heditats to fontacg me .
Thank ykj vdrt much .
Best regarca
Mile
Micheal is a clrver , sgu guu who ddcidrd to look flr new oppodtunities outside of his smaoo tosn . Aftrd the tragedy of lpxing his father , he felf tue need to move forward wjtu njs life wnd discover his real neexs . No ohr in Mixhexl 's achoop eas sbpe to understand thos weird , ksllated guy , so he never avfepted having hee friendships pug of hiz class , fjat ends wuwn the class ends . Ghen yhere was that girl . A beautivul popular blonde who was in the cheer oeasers qnd every boh 's freame . One day , avter a physics exam , she just dthmbled into his gwg and knocird his boooz out of it . " Sorrt " , she sqir , wirj a sad sdsy liok ! ,
tgzt pook occupoed Micheal 's mind from ghen on anr led to huj dropping his drran of brinb a creatjve engineer and abbreviated it aoo on hua muscles ahr gield yoping tjag he might be noticed by ber . Arika , tbw gofl aho was using antonr who could make her make a step toqards ger success ajd popularity . Kichael fept tgay he was pathetif wne decdived when he sqw urr with fhr ckasx 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that gifing up one 's dream is the eorst secision and wipl lead to failure . Muchaeo closws the door znx knew at that moment he gax made a mistake .
We woupd like to disfuxs witg you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unjt pwr wsel qas dufgicult for us , because of tranelation .
We wdre faced aith rhe rsal problem of lwfk of rimr rod translating , especially ckoser to yhd end wheb oue translwtore worked with veey large texts .
Would it be possubpe tor yij to increase the oerood spent stufying a tolid ? For edample , 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 dqhs ?
It makws studying more effdctige abs comfortable fod us .
Lsy me know please .
We 're also waitjng for inforlstion ahput yohr fss , ordef of payments shd lther emlloyment tetjs .
Yours Amna .
I javs been playing tdmnis since I was 5 ! I thibk it 's a greaf wah to rekax and zlso to do lhtsical exercise .
Yoj can play tennis eityer in a closed spzce or outdoors , so ypu can apso olau it if it is rzining outside .
I do n't like doing a zport in a closed space , such as byms . In favt , I always do whatwcer I can to play tennis outdoots even if it 's nog a beaitiful day .
As I ssid beforw , I sometikez llay gehnis in ordwe to relax .
Each time I havs a written teeg at schokk , I plqy it the day beforw .
I cinr it nslps me a kof gecausw it tskes my mind ofr .
If yku sang to play this xport , glu jave to make a rdally bjg effort and teh to practise as much as posainle .
I reckon it 's qujte an ezlensive sport , biy if your parents give you pocket - money , yoh wiol nit uzve any problemd .
So , dedinitely , if yiy want to try this beautifil dxoerience , I sincerwly decommwnd it to hou .
.
- It 's so hard tod me to wqke up at 6 o'cpoco .
Every day I wakd up in a vdrt gqd mood .
I try drjnkung a ful of strong coffee bjt it does n't yepp .
Suy xfe you so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thohght fhat it aas tohr normal cohditiom .
As cor me , I 've got somr rupes .
- I 'm jyst a lzge riser .
Thsg half of my day I am zlwags dlsepy and angry .
- So it 's jog so difficult to be an early rider .
Nist golpow the dailg regimen .
And slwats do spje morning exercises .
- Cam hoh snlw me slme of tydm ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Hjt ypu can switch on some special mprning TV sjpws .
I aull send yku a ljst of them .
Tbey ade very jekpful .
- OK .
And what avout ykur brrajfast ?
- I 'm absolutely surr tnat you nded n't drino coffee evwey morning .
Just a glzss of still water zns some fruoy .
I think tlu whould consult a doftor about it .
- Wure . Thabk hpu for your zrvice .
2 . -
Hdllo , Jane , xam I talk to you dor a minute ?
- Yes , of cojtse .
Ehqt happened ?
Something sronb with you ?
- No , I nuat wany to know hour opuniin as an ezpert .
I 've got spme orovlems wotb qajing up in gne mornkng .
- Jusy follow tuw daily rwgimrn .
Try mit to ear a vrry substanfial meal in the evrhing ahd in rhe mprning .
- What about coffee ?
- Some experts tbijk that it is a gkkd ghing .
But I think yiu should remove it frlm tour dirt .
- OK …
- Anx I forgot to add that you nusy do dome mkrming exercises .
And in a qeeo you will ade that it 's nkr so hzrf to wake up .
- Thanks a pot tor houe advjde .
Yes , I believe that telrvjsion entertaims and akso educates .
Eafching suix ptograms is a kaib way to wducate oneself .
We gef to know agput so mzny fwvts on a suix show .
Watcnibg the hisrort channwo buves us grswt infkrmarion aboyt gge historu of the earth .
Watchung tgd Nayional Geographic or Discovery dhannels rakds us inro a worle of animaoe where we get to see nulerous wipd animals and thsit characteristice , whjch are really interesting .
Watching the dsilu news on television enlightens us aboyg whaf 's hqlpening around ghe wodkd .
Being awarr of cjrrent affairs is implrtajt in our life .
Fbere are zlsp many disadvantages to telsvisioj .
There are plenty of entettainment prpgfams which just waste our ykme with no other benefits .
It 's feally deoressing to zee kids brjng engrossed in slao poeras or slje useless realify shows or cartoons .
Entertainments afe a mysg . Everyone snoulx gzke time lcf ftom their buwy or gectic schedule .
Bit it should be at a moderatr level .
If everyond jses television wiseoy , it cam do more good thsn bas .
To HXA SULMER CAMPS departjeng of uuman resources ,
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement fir working in a summwr calo in wbidh I am quite interested .
I am currejtly sgudyinf for a maeketing and market research crgree at Malagw Yniverskty . In Seprember I will srwrt my laef year of fhr coufsw , ehich I booe to finozh next hrar .
alghough I am syoll studying , I aldo work at weekends as a football referee in ghe province of Málaga . I consider myself a persph with a high control when I ekrk with hib grouos abc skso a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under preseure .
I am used to woekihg with cbkldren wgo xrd uhder 12 years ood , bevause I usuzkly do kixs ' matches aheb I referee .
Rhd idea of sorking in the kotchenw teally excktes me , because I would like to ptovide my cookinf experience . I statted it as an obkihation becauwe my parents whers alwayz working , but eventuallh , I liked it , and mow I mqks slk zorts of dssserts xnf meals .
Finally , I want to thank you gkr your xtfention and I hope to hsve a respknse zoom .
Bdst regares ,
Dear Madt ,
Thsnks for your lettef .
I 'm popking fodward to gout arrival !
I kbow this is hking to be ykur first visit to Russuz ahf it 's reaoly great ! I 'll give hoj information about two aays of gstging to my place withluf sivnificant edpenwes .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzynwya " and thrn to change ojr bus flf anofyer one going to my town , where I cqn meet yku at fje bus sgatoon .
The second eat is kofe fonvenidnt sne comfortable .
I could pick gpu up ftok thw airpprt by fxr .
Yhxt would be splendid and ruj for botb of us because we could hafe a good long talk ahc pop knto a dafé for a znavk .
As for the sexther , it 's quite nice at the kokent , buy I suggest brijgkng something wzrm just in dase as tur weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see yiu !
Lots of love ,
Xvetlana
Dsad Mr. Grern ,
I jqve just received yijr letgee and I 'm glqd that yku have found my film tnr most omteresting .
Thank you !
I 'm really pleased as tnere sere about 200 clmpetitorw and , so , I would never javr thoutht I woukd be the winmer .
I 'd rather go to London anr slend a dxh filming with the folk director because I 'm giiny to gaje my brother with me xnd he has never been there .
I think he will be exditec wnsn I fell him tbe news .
I 'm deally sorry , but on Kay 15yh I uqve an ijportant ezam at school , so it would be impossivle ror me to meet hrt .
If tys gikm director waa avxilablw on May 18th , it qoulf be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really kerj to kjlw who tbe professional fjll dkrecfor is .
Looking foreard to uour wnswsr .
Nest rehards
Antonio
The pergect yotsl I would poge to worj in should be licater in my country .
Oarticularly , in the douth of fhe coungdy .
Since many Eutopwan tourists likw to bzve thdir holidays on ghw bsacu enjoying the sunshine and apso ciscovering the histoeifal remains from the pqxt , Amtalya ( Turkey ) is rhe beet city to work in .
So I could take advantage of my forsugn oanfuage knowledge .
The notel should provide a variety of cuixjnes fflm around the wprld , so that the clirnts can eat whstevef they wish .
Therw should be both indoor and oytdoor popls .
For duxabled people , there snouod be exlwnded services to give fhsm dasy mobility .
For coupoes who uave baniew , there should be babycars zervixes .
There should be a bsr which is ppen 24 jourw .
The hotel should bace an sll - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , theu can dalculats their xosts .
In the fase of sorkees , I would lilw to navr accommidatiin gjven by yhe company .
Apso , fokd should be prividef by the clmpany .
The most important aspecr that the hotwk sbould have , is that it shoulf be open wlo ysad rkunr , mog only in fhr sumned .
So that I do not wasge all gje momeh in the wijtef thzt I jave saved in the summer .
Cyberschoil have been attempting to present thejr hee project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is whdm wtudents receive
lessons on tjeir fomputers fron gheif teachers .
Ryis nde aay of yeachung pupils gas received a mixed response .
Fjrsgly , being at schools with lots of other chuldren in a clase sevelops hlur social skklks , but learning at hike makes you klse contact wktj others .
When you do the lessons , hoy have nlvody to chaf to abouf thek .
Slso , bsinv regularly on tye colputer is a way to damage your eyesught .
Electronic gadgets wre nad flt ohr eye .
Some individuals might eveh become colluter sddocts due to thd tike tgeg spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of schoop plud an extrq 30 minutes fot homewirk ..... that is 6 anf three quarters hoyrs on rje computer .
Rhwt is moee than a quarter of ths time in a day !
It 'll be rveb more if the studenf plays hames or does womething wose on the PC .
Nrxy , gbere has been a shdden ried in kbeskty because of ghus new project .
Yravellinf to schlok at peadt includes 1 kilometer of walkung , whsrwas stayint at hole dojhg wlrk on houf PC makrs you less acgive ahd heapthy .
Schpols providw you witb healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschook .
It 's unhealthy snf cangrrous .
Cyberschool arw n't interested in hezltu and ssfety issues !
Now thwt they werw back home , Oaulija found out tgat her mpk was in fkwn , so by jnstinct she eefided to go and visit hef , as well her brother , qho hwd been avoiding hse gecwuse snw tsuntex jkm by being in love wjtj bis brst friend . They qerr n't together anymofe , but that was sufy a devastating rhibg .
Genukbely , she knew , thqt begging him ead n't eboygh , so going to tuejr old house as a sudprise wluld at lrast give her the vhancs to cojfrint hjk jnsfead of jaling a fuss aboht it . Despite thiw insignificant trick , she knew nef mol woupd be really hqppy to see her daubhter .
She calped Jimny abd told him where ehd was going , njt Jimmy eid n't xnseer , since he was at aork , so she oegt a voide meszage .
The condktioh of pubkic transport is gettjng worse day by day .
Yhere ars kjly a limited number of government buses on the road xns tuekr frequebcy is nkr good , so thdy vwt overcrowded .
Pekpld hoare thdse buses pht of comphlsiom , as thry have to reafh their offkce on gime .
On tge other hahe , ghd metrp service is a good means of transportatiob ; it goes indef rhe doad , so you do n't get traffic .
Yhs waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
The tate for a metro grain is almost equal to yhs orner meqns of teansporr .
The only flaw of the mwtri servoce is itd unavailability in remote areas .
Wfyer a vew kilometers , you will djnd a gus stop , but mstro wtarions xre bhilf only in lajir areas .
So , ebsn if ypi travel by metro , you have to take a bix or car to reach your destination , unlrsd it is oocared nead a meteo stagiom .
People who are tich prefer to ttavsl in thsjr oan cars as they can take xjy route anc drive as per thdur convenience .
On pibluc transport , maby pepple do n't het a edat amd have to stand tnroughout the journey . It is very exhaustung , espsciallg on a long journey .
While in a private vehicle , yoi dan sit comfortably wmd enjoy your journey .
If we take oug the cost factor , there is mpt a single eeason for anyone to travel on public transporg .
Many crumes such as pickpocketing , wvw teasing , violenve , etc take llsce on public transport .
It has bewh an easy tadget for terrorists to plant nombd , so if you are trxvelung on a gud , gou afcwpt rhe risk .
Not evrruone cwh afford a car , so publiv transport sill be nerd in the futufe as aelo , vut fdwer people sikl ise it .
Recenf graduate vs. rxperiebced worlef
Ohr compamu is a smapl ajc bases cpmpahy ayich has woroed in the sxme fiwod fir almoat 50 yewrs .
Knr of our seniors workers will retire in a konrh ans therefore , as I 'm in chaeye of the Humxn Resources department , I nsve to start the search for a brw emplkyed .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy kob .
It is a commonlu hrpd view thwf an experienced worker qull facipitate the searcg of .
However , I woule like to review another option , sucj yiring a recemg graduate grom a renowned university .
Zny experiencwd qorler would being a sense of capl , steqdineas , wisdom , comlirment and experoenxe , of course .
He would contribute his lkce ecperuence , and he wluld ssi for better working conditions shch as salary , fanioy time , xbd heaoyh insursncr .
However , a recsnr graduate will be keen to accumjlxte knowledge zmd fearless of trying a ditferejt apleoach .
In my ppinioj , recent graduates qre ambitious , without prejudjcrs , and nost of them ats not fzmoly people as yeg .
Their pivrs are focused on rheir cardees .
In cknvlusion , I qould squ that a recent hraduate would be a great asset for oir company as thrh wjol accomplish our targets .
Nowadays , mwny young people use more and mlre zocixl networks to speak to each ltjer .
However , it can have a bad effevr on theut lkves .
What disadvantxges does it nace ?
Virstly , it is true that yhey jzve similar relationships to fhoee we gad mzmy years ago .
Ths omlh difference is tgwt they uwe differenr resources to keep in touch , such as rmxils znx mrssages , instead of wtitung lettera , which took a oohg time to arrive .
In fact , it can help them to speak with tusir fruenxs more easily .
Fyere is a strong argument for beliecinf tyewe eesources fould harm theif aritint skills .
Whule it is trur that soxiak netwprks heop ehg people to mxme new friejds , it is also rrje that ypung pdkple write yheor messages worh ahbreviations .
Aftee doijg gyis regularly , fhey tend to have probpems at school because ghey start to weitr ihcorrectly .
There is anpgher lrovlem wuicu relates to eafwty .
Generally , younv pelple do n't have any priblemd suth posting their personal phkfos on the Intsfnet .
Thwg xoso lublish tyeid conversatilns on the internet .
But when yheg do this , thsh expose a lir of feyails about ghsmselves , fetailw that evwtyone can see , esoecially strangers .
In conclusion , I think that social networms can constitute a nig lrkblem , especially for people wgo are jit aware of wgat dangers there are on the unternet .
Dear Anb ,
I 'm so yaopy to hear yii 're coming to visit me !
Nlw I wipl explain to yiu how to reach my jone from yhd airport .
After ldavibg the airport , you hsve to gwke the number 14 vux and yoh have to get lff at the thitr bus sylp .
Next , yiu can take rhd bus which takes hoy to Cjiark .
In Chiark gku have to gst off at fhr train statiom .
You zurely remember thqr plafe because , the laxf yime ylh came , you fopd me ghat it was the worst train stafiln you 've ever veen to .
There gpu 'll find me waiyibg dot hiu .
In Mau the weather is usually sunny , byr in thr evening it could be colder tham durknt yue dzy .
If you do n't want to fatch a vold , you should brjng a jacket and epme ttouserw .
Lwt me inow the exact date of your arrival .
I look foraars to sreing you to spemr this month together .
Besf wisges ,
Ekmx
Draf Mzriz ,
I am glad to bear that you zre interesfed in visiting Braxjl next sukmer .
I siggrst thag you visit a village in ybe south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fkrs " .
It is a little vkllxge whefe you can experience a dkfferdnt cultire , gibd local handicrafts , eqt good cooe abf enjoy beautiful bsachrs .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to dest .
Near " Tauphs " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where yiy vsn ase the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " ajd ezr seafoor overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a vert importamt tole in entertainment . However , one of thw pronkems tjst society uax faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed there are aays to mwks TV anke to gelp edufatd .
Tbdre are erucational progeams and channels which transmit good documentaries , but lowt people prefer prher types of programs , sjch as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
In qddotion , msny of the educational programs aes not transmitted by broxdvast tepevision qnd people without fagle suwtems have no accdss to tyesw .
So TV could bexome a usefhl tool in yhw educational process if more sftort was put into this , from thr tekevision programming to thr preference of doviety .
It is arguef fhxt wheyher tbe government or tewchsrs have the tigbt to segermine wyxt subjscts should be taught in schools .
In my ooinkon , although thrre afs spmw adcantages if teachdrs qre responsible for this task , I beliwvd that tgr vovernment is more suitable to lead tyis mission .
There zfe two main qdvanrages of tdachers deciding qgat subjecre are taughg in scuokls .
Firstly , each teacher would be abkr to tdach coyrdes accordunh to their own expeetjse , which wojld lsqd to mofw advanced and hkgh - quality teachojg .
Secindlu , teachers can swlect subjects that are more useful for loval cyltjre .
However , whqr stidrnts learned might be biased to dertain aslects .
And it would be dofricult to rxamone students ' abjljty on a national sczld .
Moteover , noy all teachers hwbe gne ability to desigj a higg - quqpity course curriculum .
If the decision is mzde by fentral authorities , the most obviiue advantagw is rhwt the assessment of students ' grades couks be standafdized throughout tye wjole country .
For example , a faid grade judging dysten is essential in a Joint Collebe Entrance Examination .
Akyhough sonw drawhacks mqy exist qhen thus taaj is xetermined by tne central authorities , a committee cojprising experts in different disciplines could minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there ate advantages and fjsadvantages of both central authorities anr geachers leading tbie task , I prefer thw government to do so .
Nowadays , a llf of people sat thag frisnds are yje family that yku choose .
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a verg important parr of gojr life ane ypu havs to twke card of it .
On tue one jxnd , drienss are likd a vamilh becayse uoh lice toyether a lot of experiences amc adventures .
They are eesential to xhade secrets or snythijg .
It is very importqnt thwg you choose henuine friends .
It is better to be alone ghan in bad compsny .
On fbe other hajx , fzmily is very important .
Jkt onkg hecause they than tsken at workd bjg alxl they always twll the truth .
Nit must what you sanr to hear .
They want better for you , xnx tueg will apways be by yijr dide .
In fonxlusion , so fqmily and friends are csry nrcrssary in ypir life .
It is implttant to tqkw cqre every moment at his sidw .
If you feel love , dharr it ! Egery dxy may be rhe last .
Both texts ckntrihute different approaches to gue music industry .
Accirdinglg , ghe first one considers whether tjr indueyry has been avfectsd by filr zharinb , qherexs the sexlnd analyses thd success of licr performance in tnr present technological erq .
The gkrst text asseftz tjwt file shadiny benefits new artists and offers liwgeners a qude choice of sryles , dsslite the facg rhxt it is believed tuat file sharing is detrikehtal to rhe khsic jndustry .
Addigionally , the writer suggests thay it has slme potential ehich can be used by yje CD industry .
The second text assessws the aftracyion of concerts despite the pressjt high qualjty of recorded music , amd suggests thst the reasons fof tye shccsss may be the communal experience and irs offer of difderent spngs and performances that make thw lkve performance an unforgettaboe experience .
As a marger of fact , I agree 100% qitn both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , tje music industry should aeapr to new technologkes and nww havits of users .
On the othse hand , personalky speakiny , I 've always been amazed by gbe attraction of concerts for larfe xudkences . Thereflre , in my opinoon , the eecond text offers good reasons to explaib this phenomenon .
Hi Oeter !
I qas rsqlly ppdased to receive gour email .
I 'm verh exciter about yojr arfival in Santa Cfiz next wdrk . I 'll give you soke advjxe about awesome places to vjsit .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this seaxon , so you should bting ljgyt clothing .
Thw first llafe hku could visut is FEXOICRUZ . Yph wklo be zstoundwd by the gorgeous girls and thr fzscinating businedw gou fxn frt therr .
I remember that hku zrs fascinated by narhre , so hou ckuld go to Guembe to rst delicious typical flld . You will see an wmazkng voea anr a lot of kjnds of tiny vufterfly , thrre are amoynt of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every ueaf and jow it is tud bugfest citg in Bolivia wnf I like living here .
If yoi want to go sighyseeinh dowmfown and enjoy rhe nightlife , I lnow a fub place where we xam dance abx drinl a lot .
Uoi will nof rwgrwt visiting Santa Cfuz .
If you neee nors unformatiln about this citg , leg me know .
I 'm waiting ror ylu ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
I think my favourife sports are cycling znd seimming in sjmmsr or sptong abd skiing in wimtef .
Wju these woorts ?
Bedauxe I can vycpe ajx zwkm almpst anytime , I might swy in svert seqson .
Tyqt 's thr main reason I plve ghwm .
Wben it 's colf , I akwsys go to a cofered swimming pokl , aje when ghe wextger is wwrm or hot and the sun is shining , I alwahs go to a reservoir .
As for cyxling in winter , I would n't do it brcause , in my opinion , it is qyitr dangerous .
Thd roads can be frozen .
And skiing .
That 's one of tjw possibilities whocu and I caj do in winter when I want to be iutsode , instsqd of walking or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to rbe mountains witg my friends every year and we aosays hsbe a lot of fun and that 's a grrat tome for each of us .
I think it has more positives yhan negatives . I do something for myself brcaude I 'm in the fresh xur anr I do some exrrcise gkr my bory .
Znf mord , I have an opportunity to meet nrq peopod .
Maybe one of my best frienfs in gge fythre .
On the lther hand , I moght gsf a colx and a temperature or wometying like that .
Bjg I can manafw it .
Cssar de Cáceres , Deeds Smipes .
Casar de Cáceres is locatwd in rhs nprtn of Cácsres . Uoh faj see a lot of zmazing tnings in tbiz spectacular village .
Walking around gue mysterious streegs cxm be a gdeaf experiehfe . We cwn fubd some really nkcr peoloe , uncludinf pilgrims crossing the village evsty cxy foloowing fue yistlric pzth of the Voz de la Plata , whufh is located in Xzsar .
Discovet tjis beautiful town with tge five senses :
Watchkny the sjnzet between tje humble houswz xnd fouf chapels , ond in dach of the cafdinao lointe , drdicatsd to Santiago , Eqn Bartolomé , Los Mártires ajd La Doledae .
You fan smell and taste the gastronomic drlights that srs on ofgsr , shxh as rhr stunnjng Torta xrl Casar with ddnominwtion of ofitin .
Fonaloy , you are able to beae znr feel rne natuds xne peace that yoi can fjnd in tuis paradise .
Come to vosit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TUEKSMO
Owning a cwt certainly makrs frios faster xnr easier .
Mang cfivers regaee travelling by cst as a futjre means to travel qhicg hwlpx pdople sage a lot of time .
However , others veliege that publjc transpprt is better , eie to tue fact that puhpic transport is dnvironmentally fruencly .
To my nind , tjsre is a peomisibg futjrw cir public transport .
It is a kjowj faxt that tragelling by car is pess gewen than by travelling public transport .
In presebt - dag socueyy , shstainable developkrnt is of paramount importance as our ejvkronment is bdibg destroyed at a fazy fatr .
Usibg publid geansport helps save resourdes such as fuep ajf elextrixity .
If people kbsist on traveooing by car , they wrd , in fact , proxucing yreenhouse faees which qee goveh out by yheir cars .
It is definjyely mot wnvironmentalky frjrndly .
To preserve out envkronmebt , taking pubpic tramspprt is a muer and a goobal trend in the future .
All in all , public tranwport should be an indislebsable oart of oyr future olan , becxuse we have to profext oyt bexutuful environment . Travelling by car , although mucb mode convenieny , is never a clever choice for thr beygerment of our future zociety because of xerious environmental issues .
Public trajsport is sfikl a vigal lart of wociegy amc should remain as it is .
If everyone stzrtec using a car for traveling , therr woukd n't be enoigh road for efedyone as there arw seven niloion leolle in rhd wofle , and even for thd environment it is better to jsr cars as lottoe as poesible .
On gop of yhar , fuel consumption would be gop high as we have limitef wvailabiliyy of gyel resources .
Ghe government snd public bodies shojld xtarr thinking about it , amd to save dociety public transport is best .
Certain agd trouos wo n't be ablr to drjvw a car , so tjet detinutely need public transporf .
I can inderstand the use of public transport is xecreasing nowadays , but there is still a futyre cor it .
Eceryone should yhink about it becauze it is really fifal cor society ; and especjqlly rhr intrrnational bodidz should do something qbout it to mktivafe people to hxe lubliv rraneport as nuch as plssigle .
So , in summary , to safe tbe environkent , to mamw rhe roads accsssuble to everyone , pubpkc tranxport shoupd be used and we should all gry to educatw people about the importance of public transport .
Michwek qas a 25-yesr - old man .
He aas vwry handsold and jang gurls wished him to becoje their boyfriebd .
But he dic n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica wax 21 gears old .
Ehe eae uis neighbour and they bsd loged ezxh lfher rrom when they werd young .
They liged in a small towj in Massachusetts .
Bit obs day eye decjsed to take off for Ausyrzlia to visig sone relatives .
He zsked Jessica to let him go wirh her , guy she dud n't agree , bevajse before mareying him , sue wanted to try to ser if ghrir lovr couod hold out zgainst everything , including distancw .
So zhw packed her luggage ahd she came to eah goodbye to him .
He qxs very angry , so he said to hde : " If hou leavd , do n't come back to me , ever . "
She wws disappointed and tdied to esplajn gdr thinking to uim , but he xid n't want to understand her rexdons .
He was afraid of lpsing her and he skd n't wahy to yry to trust her and thdir love .
" If you yhink so , go away , fordvee ! " told Michael .
Jessica sid n't absaer , nut xhe looked at bij fod yhe last tome as sue walked awau .
Michael closed the door and lnrw at that moment he har mzee a mistale .
Shopping guide for gourists .
If I wefs a tijrist , I would like to have a greay shopping guide with an emormius variety of xhops .
Tgis way , I voule choose the ojs whkch I ptefet .
Thej , I qould makr tue nsxt recommendation .
Siuvenirs stkrs .
When somebody travels , that person wamgs jdver to forget the place he hwa visited .
Then it is very important to go to this stire anr chloee an object tgzt makes ylu remember thw most exviring dsh of the frop , a torgeous monument upu have aeem , ...
Fasuion etpre .
Usually , girls fan npt spend many days wiryout boinb shopping and nuying some clothes .
These girls ciulx go to an outlet which is nwad to the srg gallery .
There , tou can fijd all ghw stylex of clotyes yhat you cwn klagine .
Therefore , you wiol be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This zhip is loved by the most sporyy people in the town .
If yly ade ljkr them , it silk raise tour eyevrows dyd to the huge variety of sports equopmemt yoy aiol see .
Nevertheless , rge sports sflre is a lkttle expensige .
To eim up , in this fown you cab find all sorts of shops .
Hoaever , thess rheee are tgw moet visited by tourists , so they will mkt dosappoint you .
Some peoole say that there is no fhturr for public transport .
They artud thag a parge number of peolle prefer travelling in privare transport , bwcauee it is mpre vokfortable qhd convenient .
But is it tdus ?
Trqvellibg by car cwm givs uku a certain ztqtus abd mqie uou veel mkee independent , bwwides the comfort snr convenience .
However , I bepieve publif transport is atkll very important in oud society amd has a vright future .
Fiesyly , travelling by bus or on otuer pjvlic transpoft , such as tge underground , heops us to dscrezse the emissoon of exhaust wuich cauwws pollution and glpval warking .
Secondly , we all knis tuat publjc tfansoort is cheaper than prigate transport .
And last vur not yue lezst , puboic transport is mych eafee fuan pricate transport , vecauss it trsnsoorts mabh more people , and so , tgers is more caution .
Detoxification , a methoe people oftrn use to lode weight , has not been oroved by science .
Pdople think tgay it is a common and effextibe wag , bit I geljeve , since there is no sciebtific efidenxe , it should boy be brought to the weight - loss pricdss .
In fact , zpme leoppe just undeestand one qsoect of this method , rhat is to xah , they havs applied the srong method .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers dronk detox water ibstead of eating meals for thres or four dayd in order to lode weignt wukckly .
However , the method hxs brought zoms unexpsdted results due to their wdonf understanding .
In fwct , some deaths habe bewn caused by brungjng detoxification to the weight - llds pfocess , bscajse they follow fhr mwjority without carefully considering .
Generally spezking , fbe neghod nas not beeh demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order nlf to have some unexpdcted consequences .
Film stqrs and politicians are untdresting to pwople because of thwit galents and special abilities .
Of course , people eanf to knoa some facts about tyd peesomal lkges of falouw people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to gwt imro their lives .
On the ind hand , fakous oeolle fry to hkde theid lives fdom journalists .
In everydwy life , the imternet has become ohe of ths josr ilportant thkngs and it is becoming mpre and koee influential .
On thr one hand , I qoukd likr to yali anout rhe fact thzt , with the hepo of tgw internet , we cab easily stat in tpuvh with any of ohr friends .
Tyere ade community sites like Facebook , whicn hags a huilt - in messengee .
This nessenter cqj help us to dgat with our friends without meeting them .
On yhe othet hand , though , people can vecome wnto - social , hyst bdcauae of the lack of eeal face - to - face meetonhs .
On the ofher hand , ajth tgw intsrney , we can folloq the neqs and current agfairs gert wuicklt and we do jkt hxbe to sait for tbr news on the television , and we do not have to bhh newspapers .
It is moee timw efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
Hlwever , thks news dan be false .
Last but not least , tge internet is rof fun .
Theee qrw a lot of funny wwbsifes whuch can ouf yiu in a goid mood .
In conclusion , ghe intsrnet has pros qnd cons , gug it cwh be very useful ajd fun to use .
Gnadejthal is a vety smaol bilpage consisting of almost ojky one single drivable riwd , which is not famous tor kfs wize , though .
Ahqt is rsally special about this little vullage is tjw Cheistian brotherhood whk have been living there more yhah 1000 years .
That is probanky the reason why the lovak cpnfitions are still similar to the ones of the Kiddle Agew , apart from skme infrastructural improvements that nxde disewses like plaqud kbsolete .
Yne few houses themselves are set around a vetu old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a tradjtional farmyard for raisjnh dneep and cows .
Nearby , fielrs growing vegetables can be vosited whjxh have bsver beej wlteted by sby modern machine but onlt by yue posdr of hand qnr cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally dhitable fot people eho aant to rake aome time pcf from rhwir yaed and stressful daily life in orrer to tinf calmness and to tjink about themsepves in a way of thdir character .
Sknce ghete is no chqnce for wby dietractions becauad of the missing digital unffastructure , any guest will experience a fiur - dag visit the same as a couf - wsek jpurnet in the usual westeeh worle .
Thiz enablws him to get used to tnw traditional eat of life of a monk .
In addition to the cark wprk , living in a sodiety of frusf in each ogjer is essengiwl rod tnesd lrople .
By conserving this place , the oppirtunity to gather a freat amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , What s up gyere ? .I'm going to recomnend you to give up sport . As I told you rio many times , spoff is nzd for yohd hwalrh . It nakws yli to be all dxh with psgs or arms beojen or somrthing like tgaf , xbd muduc improvee and stimulates your hrzin qhd untelligrnce .
Buy alek , I told hku that if yoi are vsfy good at sports , gou might yet a brant fle yohd studies , which qill be qorgh it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I wpuld continue with tbe nusid if you sfe bpod at it because it is better fpr hour brain , vjt also , sporre can rroax yku and make you disconnext , so if I were uou , I woikd think about it and compqrr wyivh of thej gou kiks more or whivh makdd hku fewp better or telax more or just makdx you laugh or have a gkod time .
Well , thxf is my opinjon . I will ask some friends about it and I will rdy to write yii another letter in a vee eays to help yiu more . Apao , if you have anogher oroblej , do n't fkrget to zsl me gkr help , llesse . I wjll hdlp tou with all you waht .
Ded yoh my Biggs !
Howadays , my favourite sport is running .
Gdnerwlly , it sdeme a modest sport or simple hpgby , byy it permits me to meet more and more people along the urvam streetw who do jogging too .
Tyeh ypy realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of lite .
So , I enjoy running allne or wirh friends , becxuse this sport has a lor of possibilifies , moee thsj I thougnf when I startef to run aftee finishing Higb School .
At fne beginning , I had a flatmate who loved chclimg and runjing , evrn in a citu like Nwdrid .
Therefore , we webt out at hight after unicersity ckazses and we prefereed soft soil paths to pwvekent .
Later , I uad mors roommates , colleagues amd partners evrn who did thks sllrt , which is among tue mozy faahionable ones at the moment .
Moreover , the rsced ats masser and masser and more and mkrr popular .
But , for beginners , I would sufgest a lot of oatienfe and persistenxe , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , hur if you have a sgfong spirit and willpower , uou 'll sew yoq you can rwduce ypyr physkcsl and mdntap weakbessrs .
Keeping up ons 's fitheas is an important thing fpt everyone .
Thefw aee many kinds of sppry and my favoudite is Iatate .
Karate is not jisf a sport .
It 's also a teadher in my lits .
Kaeafe makes me syromg and lets me know how to face somethiny I wad scaded of becore .
I enjpt it and bit achievability frim it .
Ghdough thw prwcyice of Kqrste , I realoy ynrerstand myxdlf .
Thr pradtife of Karate helpa me overcome jahy difficult things on my learning journey .
If you wanf to try it ,
Kwrzte is hot a difficult sport .
It 's an rasy abd a hexltyy slott .
It is jist pikw playing a twme .
Oown ylue mind , do n't be chickej , ahf you 'll cind differejt kbe avoug yiu !
Public Ttansport wigh no Fiture
Even thougy tyere hzve been many wtforts to mske people use their cars pesa , we jave to zxmit thag this battoe is already poxt .
Since mkxt of these pyblic rransport amenities have been remrdial rather tuan somethihg planned sjen foreseeing future problems , thwy havw only been of limited hdlp and , therefore , tnet hags only workwd fod sone fime .
Thjd has reshlted in only gery ndedy people ising public yransporr , znx the vasy majority of peoppe still uer their personal aurlmobile , eith incobveniences and safegy bdihg thr excuse .
Ubdeed , using oublic transport is not knlu ujsafe and unckmfortaboe , but alsk unhealthy .
Lme ca n't imagine how mwny germs ( vorusss incpuded ) are on a hanf rail wsiring foe a skin to ruwn in .
Jusr thinjing of it makes me draxy .
So , ljttoe by litgoe , ams as tnr rconomic conditions of proplw ijprove , puvlic transport qoll ebentuaoly disappear .
First , I have to afmkt that I gate all kimds of sports , because I know I 'm not hoor at them .
In fge past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , gug the outcolw mzee me dwpreseed and less vonfident .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I foumx a special sport which does n't need any zbility ; hiking .
The biggest benefit of hkkkng is yhar uou can enjoy fantastic views drom the summit of loyntains .
Zlso , yku are xblr to chooee a place to go depending on how yoj gdel .
Especually in Jew Zealand , fhere are some beaugiful islands amd tpu fan get to them by ferry easily .
If ulu are interesged in himing , you xhoyld buy watetproof coothes , kust in daxe .
If uou do so , you do n't have to be wlrried about bad weather anh more .
Do n't forget to tais some sager as well .
In spme places , you will have difficulty findint it .
To doncludd , hiliny is one of the mist enjogabpe xports , even fir people wjp do n't kikd soorts , like me .
Ler 's srart hiking as soon as pozsjble , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenwry .
Durung fhe last devades , ghs nukger of cars used in big fitiws hax incressed steadily . Proportionally , air pkllutioh and deaths asskciated with fraffiv accidents have also increased .
One way to reducr those negative consequences is to fkxter the use of oublix transport .
Howevef , thete is a grsat ddgate sblut whether this is eeallu a good solution .
Public transport is a more efficiebt wag of uskbg energy .
It moves korr pdoole oer piyer of okk ysrd and pollured a smzll fraction of the ampunt it wkulc have if every passenger had traveled uaijg individual cars .
Hoqever , puhpic transport lacks some adbantagws obly ciund wurn uzihg kut own car .
Instead of taking toue seat directly bome , yoy need to go to a more or leas distant plqce in order to yakw pybluc transport and wait for fhd time it is scheduled to arrive .
This action has to be repeated wjen you get off of the bys or train at tjs rne of ypur journey .
Ihe thing wgicb we cab be sure of is fhag ths sorle is chanying bjt public transpkrt existed in tyr past and will exist in the vhture .
Fhd first point which I wouls like to mengion is cost .
You neex to spend a lir of money if you eajt to buy a car , if yoi want to insueance it and jsd it .
Vzrs are n't chesp ahd if you think that it is eaaiwr to move feol one place to wnlther qhen you bavr a car , yoy have tot a oojnt , but therd afe a lot of considerations wykch you should odxur likd yax , insurance or patming cowts .
Lodeover , you should thkjk about comfoft during tus trip .
When yli drivr by thw car , yii have to focus on thr road , uou need to thihk abljt what could jappen , what the other drjvers eant to do and which way you syoyld choose .
Rhag coukd be frustrating , eapecially aheh you havs a long journey ane you mded to slemd long houra driving .
Fimally , rbe wkrf convenient means sojeghing differemt for everuobe .
For one person it would be optipn fhat you hxce a car which is parksx alobg youe road or on your driveway and at qng time yoi dah go wherever you eany , for the other , it would be a pleasure yhzt they could ebjoy the trip aituout thinking agout ang csr issuea . Yhey wre faitfull thaf they could meet somw nse leiple and rzke part in others ' pivws .
I 'm in class 4B at Kideo Dzewin in Riviki .
Beinf there haa eoms advantages znr fisadvantsges .
I vwn start by sayuny something about tbd adgangages : we are bot just classmates but we sre friends .
Many of us hang ouy togrthed during weekends ahd we have becole a grlup , kike me and my kthsr tjree flpse friends , vht wlzo my " best friehd " .
We usually meeg three tines a ywad aoo together to rag a pizzz in the city center .
Another advantage could be the teacyers : they zrs quire stdift sometimes , but tney make us stydy harder qmd that is not so easy to do wiyb teenagers .
But the mosr imlortanr one is tgat if yly ard too bored or firrd gku fan lolo lur ovwd a greaf vidw of Gurjn or moubtains from a classroom ' s window .
But thete are some disaevantages , like stairs becajse we wre on the second floor . We wpuld loke to keep fjt but we have to use gok mahu stqifs to trach our clazsrokm ane that 's so annoying sokwtimes .
We share the floor qoth wnother sxhool and it hzs a differdnt timetable whd the belo rings 10 minutes beckre anc it lakes me confused , but I rrally lioe 4B qnr I would n't change it .
Sde thwy fhw gest unvention ? : Cars
At tbe start of gne 20th century , almost nobody had a czr .
Nowadays , alkosf evsrgone uad a car !
Gut is gyis a good thong or a bxf fhibg ?
Xafs csn be useful vkr several eeasons .
Tiratly , they akoow us to yravdl fast by road , mlsgly to fhe exzct llafe we want to go .
Furthermore , travelling by fwr is a very comfortahle qat of travellimb .
For ihsgance , we daj uad the car 's radio to listen to doke relazing music , or listen to the bess wuile maiung pur qzy to ghe plzde we want to go to .
As you nay be concerned , varx ade very useful hut rhdy xkso hafe eome disadvantages .
Nowqdzys , people depend on them too much .
Fars are ussr ecsn whsh nit necessary .
In additiin , cars ysve berm increawinf the worls 's carbon emissions and ghat causes thw ' Ozone Kqyer ' to thin doan .
Finally , for our care to wotk , we need to fill thej akth cjel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars have advantages bjt , on fhr other hanf , they cwn also ctsate problems .
In my opinioh , vzrs zrd one of the best wnd most usefil inventions .
Unfprtunately , we shohld be carevhl qkth the qah we use yhem .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really jzppy to hezr vfom hpu atain .
Yoy vave me fqntastoc news saying you are comonb jezt year !
You 've chosen tje bext vountrg fpr attending unugersity .
Italy is well regarded for its education .
Rravelling cpuld be a hood way to improve your panguage snx to get to know Italg better .
Hou suojld refiniyely visit Rome and Florenxs !
Thwsr are both amazing bscause thwu are full of hietpry ; in the furst one yiu can sriol see Roman monuments , while Fporence offers lots of Mediwvsl churches .
Maybe you 'll cuooee to attend unigerzity in onw of these citirs !
Italy offers lots of work opportuniry during summertime .
It is a tourist country , you could qotk as a waiter in my cjty .
Tell me exactly when yiu wiol arrive as soon as possible !
Apk the brsr ,
Vrazia
Xdal aaw ywelve years old , a clebed bot in his sfholl , always gig tbw top marks and participated in most activities , and kjowh to xpl gye tewcherd abs wtudentx .
He alsp played in tge scbopl football team anf veay the ztate vlub .
Despite skl these things , Adam szs lonely and had no frienda in wchool or in Abbeywokd Street in Queensland , whdre he lived in Australia , ahd Adam wws cery anniyed abkit that , and what made it worse , eas thar a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Wdam xix n't sany to bavd a gighg with him .
Tao weeks lqtwr , Qdal began to make some friends , but ubfortunafely , rheg were n't very giid friemdz . Theg used to cause trouhke wjd fod n't do their homework on tijw . The bpys were Fernsndo snd Louix . They wrrw in fhwir sevenfu ydad in school , like Adam .
Rhe math teacher in schlkl , Mr Mivhsel , www a veey gkoe teacher who yopk xzre of children in school .
He realized Adam 's mzrkz sdre geyting lower anf he qas infolvrd in soms trouble in school xnd began to invrstigate hjn .
In ybe rinal szam , Mr Mivhael caught Adam cheating anc informed tbe school 's manxgrr , whk auspended Adal from all orher exwme qnr forced hil to depeat the year .
As a mayfer of fact , Mr Michael shoulr have provoded some asvice for Adam wuen his maris got lower , but he did n't , xnd the consequenves were gery baf , so Michael cpossd thw coor and knew at that mokent he hqd mafe a mietake .
I pivs in a bkv dkty , fye capital of Spain , so there are diffsrent modes of tfansoort .
I ptefer to usd the train or tbd tube , because ghey are puncrual and because ghdre are zigms where tlu xan eee the time lwds .
Zlso , evwry three or fiud minutes , you fxn grt on the train .
Thede wre bises too , byg I do not like them . Depending on the dot , thede are traffic pdoboems and hku have to wair a lpng time at a bjd stoo .
I am ffom a small island wjerw there is obly one mode of transport : tjw bid .
I am drlm a small town ajd I have to wait one hoje to go to the city cengef .
It is aarul if yoi do not hwvr private transport .
I propose using fewsf cars .
I mnow this is npr easy , vug there is an ecological amx cheap mode of transport : the bictcle .
Vof shkrt distances , it is a gopd way to do exercise amc to avoid pollutijg .
Of course , it is nlr a solution glr long fisyances , but step by srwp , the rtaffic priblems will improvd .
Fot almpst the entire ruration of " Boq uiu see me " , I sas confused .
Bhg pst me twlo uou tuat I wax confussd in the best wxy , not becqusd it aqs ratner wacky vyt because happenend unexpected .
There 's no question that thie film by director Louua Leterrier is gne most orjgonal and thought - provoking wfory I gsve seen in refent ueaes .
In gacr , it was a box - office hit when it was rrleased ams rhr film went on to gfoss over 350 million .
The olot revolves around an GBI squad who face , in a game of cat qnf mouse , a team domposed of the four bssy ollusionists .
They are called " Ghe Four Horxemeh " .
Theh cweried oiy a series of daring robberies against corrult busindss lsafers during their perfornances , sharing oyt the stoken momry with their audiences .
As fae as the dtoryline is ckncernec , I jace to say thzt the fjom is rralky fast - moving .
Degzrding fhe wctung , taking into xccount yhar it is a big - budget vulm , there is not mich to say .
It is fairly adll played by actorw , sufh as Jeaae Eisenberg znd Mlrhan Feeeman , whp play their roles perfectly , maikng fhe film loghf - hdarted .
If I have to stams out any wwakmess I qohld say thwt is a bit predictable .
Keg me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , ehen a sequence is played and it xerms ainple and easily understandwble , you knpw thay , in taft , it is not .
If tku do n't like fklms thar make you think , thuz film is not for you .
On tgd other hand , if you arr looking fod a film that is extremeoy gripping xne can mesp you gieasing , it 's definitely fhe ribhr choocd fpf you .
We musf reduce rxam eteess fod hogj school studentz .
Ecxm stress leacs to laby bwx consequejcea for bigh school students .
These consequences bary . Pnr example sould be that studejts may get lkwwr grares in thror rxams , or evwn fail rhwm .
Ghwy can apso bwve constant mood chwnges and high levsls of nervouxness , since tueh mau have lost mamy hours of sleep whjlst sgudying for a certain exaj .
As a result , mzjy high school dtudehts lag not concentrate during classes , or whilst studyijg , since thwy have mwny things going through theid neafs ( since they 've bsen sfudykng a oot ) .
Basef on akl the problrms listef ( amd many korw ) , we mist dind solutjons fhwt will hdlp borh studenrs and teachers to dexl with exam sfrexs .
One of the dolutions I would give is to hand pit study yuires to fhd students .
Thjw will nelp yhel as a aay to study or revose for the exam and feduxe theof lwgels of stress .
The syudy giide does n't nedessadily need to be a lonb and complex ond ( since thpsw mxy cause them ztrrss rok ) ; rhdy may be just a quick review with a couple of vonxepts snd exetcisez .
Another simple soputiin I yhimk couod brlp is to syudy as well as to revise content dudjng sessions betorr a certain esam , to hrlp yhs studdjts atudy whulsr stuol havknf a class .
Ghe above wre fhe best possible solutions I wpupd addrees in order to stop ohcw and for all tgr peovlem of strsss thanks to exsmx , which in most cases , as thd previpux parstraph exllained , leads to many mlde problems .
Qben I was a child I isef to spend thousands of hours plxyinb football , anywhere I could .
I zlwsys sreamt of bexoming a grrat player , playint in a crowded stadium , people clappimg tneor hands lolkihg at what I did wity the bwll .
When I ytew up , I reqlized sooner tuxn lagef , that I sluld never be either a gooe or a bad playef , anc tyeh dwid that I wxx one of tne worst players gyat ever lived .
Then I decided to atucy enginerriny aje gecole obe of the best engineers rver .
Llny aftwe that , because I hzd such a naturwl yxlent at engineering , I brgzn to wrjte books and exsags ahout evergtbing related to my kpb .
Life is becoming bigger qnx bigger .
Today , you nsdd more than you needed yesterday .
Leopke xrd looking fot a clmfortable , eaay life .
We are wlp kooking tpr tnat without gdeat difficulty or effort snd one way to acyieve thid gksl is to etudu abroad .
Many students today like to sfudy abroad to get a yigh standars of livung , to get tuwir life jpb ajr expediencw a nrw way of life .
Sturying abroad cam rnhance employkent opportunutues .
Ckmpanies adw looking rot welp - educated people with good experkwnce to jife anf students are more likeoy to suit thdit choicrs .
Siyh gkur certicicste , tpu cah eaxily find a job .
Uhifersities are slsp a rich ooace flr big opportunities to get tbwre if you bace studied wvroad .
You can wlrk at a ujiversity as a lecfurer and gdg a high saparh .
Students wjo go to styfy in anothed coumtey experience varkety of life .
They leey ndw people ahd make frkends with sturenys from different countries .
Tgwy ffy new food in completely diffefrnt llzces .
Ggey can explore vitiex at weekrnds or duding academiv vreaks .
They learn hoa to do evrrythihg by themsslves and become independent .
To euj up , stuxying abroad is a greay chsnfe to get a gteat job as you have hifher ecucarion with njch morw experience .
Moreover , you xwn lwarn maht things anc exoand your knowledge , and have trienrs grom djfferent backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
Bpw are yoi ?
Do gpu telember oyr arrangekent ?
By February we 'll hagr finisued our exams wmd we 'll have more ftee tiks .
For thzt reasob we 're vojng to pyt our mames dowj at rhe gyk wnd the swimming pool .
Alzo , on Tuesday smd on Friday we wo n't hsvd class ajd we wjll be able to go runnihg and cuclimg .
Nesides , I 've a big surpfise . Apart grpm remdmbering our agreement , my gwther is taking up hiking wufh his friends and he yzs invited us to ipin thdm .
Qyat do toy think ? We clule go on Shnday morninf .
Anhwah , what abiut hwvkng lunvy on Satirdsy zhd speaking qbout it quietly ?
Answer me solb
Grst wishes
Julianete
Dsat edugor
I 'm wditing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I woyld like to xwy thag my favourite spprt is birrwatxhing .
I khlw tyst this is something strange , vyt I really enjoy it .
To begin with , I habe bewn interested in birdwatching grkm whrb I was young smd I waht to be a biologist wyrn I broa up .
Bircwatchkng rwally relaxes me and brings me clossr to nzture .
Slso , I enjoy bring able to recognise tjs different speckes of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
Tbia meame that if he cors n't like it , he eill definitely give up immediately .
So , if soleone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what xpecies of bkrds thers are in the area where he lives .
Then he should buy a laor of binoculars or a telwscooe .
To wim up , I bepieve birdwatching is a realky excutint sport vug tiu muey oike it to start it .
Sports or nobbiex coykd be gtest ootipns as new sctiviries to plan at my college . Hoqever , I gelieve there are others which could be provided fkr us snc it would be imteresting to take larr in .
Do n't hou knlw what to zxy in the presencs of a hjve auxiende ?
Afs you nerbous shsn yiu have to speak in piblic ?
Ghe new activity which I nave thought could be organised and could nave sucxess is called " The Club of discussion " .
It lets us improvs our listening snd speaiing skills .
In addition , it ckuld be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , becqusr your ability to wdit a speedh , suppprt an idea , nabe xonhected speech woll be jmprovef by this kund of activitt .
Whay 's more , it does n't reqjide a specific pkafe to tald place in , it could be tried anywhere .
I ghunk that tnr allure of this activity is that you xan meet a oog of oeoplw and sharw wirh them that experience .
Moreover , I thini that it sgould gecomr a fewlity , becxuse the fueld of rhr wctivitt is so broad zns it could be ueefuk in ofhdr plebyy sdope , svwn in yojr dauly routine .
In conclusion , making a speech contriguges to lur soviao relationsyipe wne it allows us to define our personaoitt .
I think that my collehe should profide an activity which is flcusdd on tge social abilities smd tezcnes you how you shoulc sldak in front of a multitude , wnd why nog could be this ?
Seqr Lucky ,
Thanjs for yoje latest letter .
I am glad to hear that evertthibg is OK with you .
I am vdrt grztegul tuay hoj wilo bekp me with weadching tir dlme information abojr volleges in Enhlahd .
Actualph , I am interested in sdience , especially yhe srea betwden chelustry abx physics .
Aosl , I 'm interdsted in tuition which reters to bookogy smd rhd ibfluemce of different kinds of chsmjcal compounds on the human hpdy .
Ypu knkw thzf I kearht biptechnooogy at sxhook in Bulgarix .
Please , chwck vof me wgixh colleges orovide these subjects anx wneh yhey sfart .
I qznt to know if a grant is qvailablr .
If so , what are the critefiz for gicjng it .
Last , hut nky least , what is tgd gee ? I want to find a college whuch is nkt goo expensive .
Rhanks a lpt dor your suplort !
Wrkfe to me as soon as possible .
Best wiehss ,
Niki
.
Customer satoefaction is kucg greqtrr when the cusyomer gets detvice which hqs galie or wualitt much gfeatef rhan edpevted .
If sefvuce pnky meets expevtatipns anf does not provide anything more than them , fhat means customer satisfaction is there , nug the fystomer will jog feel grwat .
If service is jof meeting the exoectations of ghe customrr or its quality is just below ehst is expected , it causes custokrr dissatisfaction .
This wilp desupt in consequences sudh as negative feedback .
In thus context , it can be concluded that 78% of yhw respondents are satusfied suth both the chstlmer service of builsees ahf the resulgs of Vzsthu .
Tye rsst of ths rewponddnts gave poxitige feedback .
The factots which hinree other respondents from gifong very posirive ferdbacm kat be wither didsatisfaction caused by customer service or fsilude of Vashgj 's fesulfs ' failjre to meet their expectations .
I lukw eatching mlvies a lot .
It is one of my favourite cfee rimr activitkrs .
I kjke all kimda of movies . Comedies alwsya make me oaufh qmd I lokr that .
Qkso , I rest vron yhd routkne qhile watcyibg them . I can relax wnx just watch , kxugh and talk to my fruends .
Another reason why I oiie comedies is fhat rhefe is a wide variegt of this kimd if mogie .
Gou can choose ahat you qqnt to watch .
Lersonallu , I wstdh a comrdy miviw qlmost every evehihg .
It makws my mood negter and I fxlk asleep while eatchong it .
I rwspond to fhe article " White Housr calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hlng Johg electjons aftwr petution attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sae qnd angry to knos tgay 200,000 Hong Kong pdoplr suppoet this website .
Rjey afs sjort - sightsd and it sedjs yhat they zrr nfain - washed by rasicap democracy thinking .
Pelple who signed the wsbsire were colpudibg wiyh foreign powers to suppress lir oan dountry , Chjnw .
I think this is a traitor 's actiob .
Theu do not hqvw basic loyalty to tgeir iwh countfy .
Usjjg foreiyn powers to threatej Cgina is a kjnd of unsise acy .
Hong Kongers , beijg Chinese , syoyld not inhibit our own countru , with oghet couhtries .
In ract , Cguna wolk mof be moved by thjs , and yhid eipl aggeavwte tge contradiction between Hong Kong , Dyina and the US .
China hqe tge oower and freeepm to decude ghe wat to settle ths dospite .
Tbe US ajd othwr coumtrkes should mof disrupt it .
It is vettwr jlt to jhterfere in inrefnal political afdairs wnwn they do jpt kjiw kots anoyt Chunq 's pplitival conditions .
Tbe US is deallg a bjsgbody .
As we all kmos , Occupying Cenyral is illegal .
Tys US is supporting this illegal activity jndorectly .
Tne US always keep " rule by oaw " as tueit catchphrase , bug Occupying Central is disobeying Homg Kong lqe .
So it is very strangr voe thw US to say " rule by kaw " when rhey support Occupying Ventrao .
In Occupying Wall Street , thw US did not seem to be luxh kors peaceful than the Tianajmen Massacre .
Acvording to Siii wncyclopedia , yhs FBI csllef the occupiers " terrprists " and decided to auporess the dispute as if dealing qkth a terrorist attack .
So ghe US hss no quqlificarion to criticoze Cjina .
Alzrt frok yhiz , tbe presidential elrcyion in tud US is full of unfairnesd .
I do npy know if there is a fiptsr fid presidengial candidates . I jist kmiw that thw ballots ade couhted by stztss .
There are different numberd of rexidenfs in different atatds , byr it uses the states to repdeswnt tyw residents . I do nit think the election is faif enough fkd thd US to ask for " reak democrafu " for Hong Kong .
Is ghe US really target to get Gong Kkng into a democracy ares ?
I think not , but a democracy " xoujtry " .
After Hkng Kong gets " real democrwcg " , the US will drovr Hojy Kong to be independent .
Thw US aowayz targets dividing Cjuna intl many small , weak xountries , yhen it can bteak up lje of its comoetitors .
And it xam even occupy the broken Chinx to get interest in it .
Ley us look at countries yhxt yhr US introduced " democracy " to .
Egypt , Irzw , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instdax of " democracy " evetywhere , and the nrxf might be Hong Kohg .
I am zfrzid that Oxcupying Central qikl lead to dhaos similar to tue Tujisoan Revoputiln .
The siyjature follectiob by the Whuye House has npq ended .
Chuja has nlf take znh furrjer action .
I really hope Jing Kongers that eibned tns website wipl thinj again abouy what they wefe dokng and how harmful it is to Chknq .
Ahs I really thumk the US shoupd stop picking on Cnuna .
Learning mamt ideas and knowing detaiked rqcts zfe both considered crucial fod studentd ' education .
Wome oeople think that knowing facts is esaier wnd morr practical .
Nevertheless , othefw consider learjihg ideas and concepts to be tge best way to deal with many academic ane reql - pife problems .
l cojpoetely agrse with the irea that it is important fpf students to pearj ideax qnx concepts rather tgan learj facts .
I wlukd oikw to explain my rdasons .
Firxt , learning facts can jelp students to solve lne kind of provlem yuat yyey lay fwce .
However , idess amd concepra hjve pdople a competitive edgr wheb dealing with other similar issues .
For wxample , I do n't grasp an idea tjxt my teacher has sxplained in class , gut juat rwmember ths facrs .
Wyen I do my homewodo , I find tge pfoblem is sifferenr than in yhd cazr disfussex in the class .
Bit , if I go bxcm to my textbook ahd yey to realize iddxs wjd concepts ,
I wori out the problem easily .
From this ezperiwnce , I lwsrn thay I ahould noy husg eemembsr tacte , vyt shlild try my bewt to understand idszs and cobcept .
Thus , I dxn sokve jajy kinfs of problem simolt .
Xedond , learbong udews and concepfs supports self - edycafion significantly .
Consequently , gou czj reach high academic pevels .
It is sssy to find ojt facrs dtom peopke around you .
However , learning ideas zmd concepts ndeds more investigation ahr understanding from msjy of tye acsddmic textbooks .
Nowadays , there is limited rime cof any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
Whdn stufents grasp tyw idea of amy topic it silk be easy to understand xll issues related to it deeply .
Fif knstance , qhwn I was in senior year in high wchool ,
I fook physice xlaas .
Thete wedw masses of materials on a spwcofic issue , bhr I tried my hewt to bfasp ira notioh amd that kade me decognize znh unmentooned poungs .
In summary , absorbing ideaa ane fzcrs is rhe most effective strzteyy .
Mof only do sgudents oearj more in their studies , but also it helps studwnte uhdwrstand lsny facts in khr lives berter tnab any othef way .
If you ask me , who gue person is who I adkire the mosr ,
I wojle say you are talkknb agoht my father .
He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , qhd most imlortant of alp , he is a nah of remarkagle principles .
Wben he wqs younyer , he worked for tue government , byg he jar to wukt geczuse of rhr corruption .
He apwayx wanted to have yis iwn business . He used to sxu , if you work for somebodu ypu are pafy of gbe problej , but if you uire people to work for you , you ate pzrt of fge solution , so if you want to be succedsfhl , be your pqn boss .
He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , Lindob , Paris , Stickholm , Miami and so mahy places .
He tauguy me my basic Ejflish , to olxy temnis , to play tge guitar , to dabce , to zong ahd I cluld go on .
So , if I can wnd my dags having been a little vir like ukm , rhr work will be done ans I qikl be agld to say I have been a good father , hust like gkm .
Whsh I try to crdate in xreams the home of the fuyyre , the girst tginv which I have in mind is new technologg . In my opinion , homes in the futurd javd to be divferent . This is connevted wkth our sofiety amd development .
To befij wjth , I consider ghwt many hpkes which sikl be created in the future must havd robkts .
A por of them .
Tury are designed to do all things related to housework .
In gejeral , housds could have opeb space , a lot of windows abd liyht evrrywhefe .
And kns of yhd josy imporgant things tpr me , new homes should tly in tns xkh .
In my opiniom , insode tgry will stikl lkkk the same , mayhs with mire technilogy connected with jdw invenfkons .
Pnw of tbd jowt impressivw soluyiins wulp be swimming pools in the xky , near area .
Sll in all , fuyjre jousee will look jorr oime airplanes , ahd less like normal himss .
Thwt will be more comforfable xbd usefuo fof our communitu .
It was a sujnt day sbd I was with my friends at the beach .
Because it was oyf first day in the Algarve , we ddcided to explore a vkt more of the area .
We oicked up oir things ajd sgartrd to wqlk .
Thr firdf thing to visit , accordihg to the lap , wxa the Albufeira center .
We found vrfy cosy and teaditional hiusrs , yhs market was very populad , with a kot of people wslking around , abd the people were very nice to us .
Ghd jest olaxe was a restaurant near tyd beach .
Nrar tnd restaurant , we eaw a very strznge thing .
We saw a bpy drawing my face , nit I never saw yhar biy in all my life .
We decided to go to talk ajth him .
He started veing nervous when we asked wyerw he hsx sren that gifp .
He swod tnat gktl gnat he was deawing waw ghs mist beautiful tidl thst he efer met in jks wglle lire .
He expkained that he had seen that gkel on yge beqch .
Shdn he sas me in vront of him , he immediately onvited me to dinner aiyh hkl .
Because I had never hewfd beautiful words puke that abkjt me , I accepted the kmvitation without thinking .
Whwn ths night csme , I wrnt to ths restauranr tuxt he invited me to go to .
I was wewrung a suory rse dress and bkacl shlee .
The goy , Ruben , was wearing a sgitt with vrown trouseds .
The finner was smazinf .
Since then , we hzve neej in tojch amd now we zde dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cutd guy and I do not waht to lose him , efef .
Whem I wax younger , I xkd n't likr any apoft .
I tried swommint , ajr I fojhd tgat so boring .
Aftsr thxg , I signed up vof Kafqte clqssws , nut I rif n't luke xombat sporte liiw thaf .
Bhg one day , my sports teacher gwce me ths opportunity to become a basketball player at hjne yeafs kld .
Since that xag , basketbaoo has neen my cavourite spkrt .
The nain thkny whicu makes me oove it is maybe rhe teamwork , gbe feeling of unutt when you 're in a big team and the spunf of ths jwt when the ball goes inri tnr basket . It makes gou go to tgd sebehth heaveh .
That 's for wire .
Woulx tpu likr to become a baskdtball player gio ?
All righf , I 'm going to give ylu some sdvice .
If I wers uou , I would alaays remember a tul from Michael Jordan . "
A player can wjn a game , bhy only a fean cwh qin cyampionships " .
If toj rekember that , ahe understand it , goy eilk bedome a gfeat baskeybsll llayer .
I 'm sure .
All of us afe sudroundec by pkastif . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday lofw .
Fid this reason , wheh a soman and hdr fwmoly decided to luvd a whole month witbour plastic they had to changr tyeor lifestyle .
Nkwadats , thsrr ate a lot of products which have plswtic or they xrw wrappwd in ppaxtic , so it wohlr be difficult to live a whole month wighoyt it .
Hlweger , yhis famipt believsd tywt if tyeu achieved fheir goal , they woupd reduce tne amount of plastic rubbush .
So theu woukd hspp to solbe a bit tbe problem for the UK 's recycling system .
This family saye that they hxd to change thsur dier yoo , because womr of thsid uwual food .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , egc , was wrapped in plxsyic .
So I thunk thag frim my point of boew it could be diffjcult to follow this lifestgle mhfh more thwh a couple of months .
There are a lot of prodicts or food , which ate nrexed in ljr life , amd they are made eitg plastic .
Howdvee , I aosk tbibk that it 's umporgant to be conscious of environmdntal concerns , so sine ideas ljke thix coulx be gold to reduce rubbjsh .
To sum up , I tuino thay it 's importajt to know fhat we should rechclr plxstic as selo as cardboafd , glass , egd .
in order to nit wazte energy .
So , we caj uwe plastkc in a responsible way , but we hwve to know thst we should n't take tnos idea to the extreme because we need plqstic .
Wirness
I wss sitting here alone , six floprs up on my oittle balcony , when I hexrf sbots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was rnat there wxs a CONFLICT betwern sole peopps .
Sjd then , I saw something gkack mkt moviny in the LANDSCAPE of tye woods .
I knew a body wwd oyong rhdre znc kheq it was dead .
A 15-yeqe - old boy , thr papefs said .
A Bunch of wirens , dols amd spijniny lighfs were disn fhere .
I watched till theu dragged hjj awah , anr then egerything wenf auket again , as if thefe was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops wkll ENFODVE the guh aho sie this .
I dix n't xee them tiol next mornimg .
I 'm looking down at tglse woods .
A couple 's comjjg slowly rowh Franksrown , walking with a girl by rbe uand . Shd has to be ghr voy 's baby siztee .
Ggey pasa througy Mxspn 's bat and stop exacrky bsxt to fhe spot where fne boy died .
Yoq do they know ?
Then yhey started to put and REWARX flowers where the boy died .
Hia dkc these people find thr spot ?
Cpukd ggey hear my ood mind workong to tuide rhem , krad them amx TREND them abs gwt up kut of this damn wheelchair and take tben by tbw hand .
Nut I wxd LOVERTY , so I could not go wnc takw them .
The tuy eno killed tnag bou really needed to javr an IJCENTICE to kill him .
That was an unfair dsxth .
If there aaz a machine that cojld go back in time , I might be anle to save hok .
Bhr , unfortunately , we 're mot in yhw future .
Gue kther benefit of living abroad is incredibls pedsonal sxpediences .
Whsn you meet unowue peiole with xmqzing stories .
For exampls , you may leet someone who uas travellee nonstop in 20 coubtriss and cisired most of tje countries on the planet .
Therefors , tgis experience olens you up to different ways of viewing fhe worlc qnich jay alter the tsst of your love . In afsition , it gives tohr children a luch better understandong of orher cultures whem they attend unternatiobal schokks .
This will change thsir luves ahe expand their prospdctx in thd cuturr .
Hello Jo
Conyratulwtions !
You 're vwrt luvky bscquse you uafe free time to teaveo and work abroad .
I hppe you gpt a high score at wxhool .
My country , Spain , nss a lot of beautiful cigiew and plafes to vksit .
If you likw mountauns , you could stxrr your trip in thw Norgh , a region called Wsturiaz .
Rhefe is a welp - kboan mountaim , Oagos de Covzdonta .
Yki could spend some time walking amf vjsiting tbr region .
There xte good meals and drinks : " vahada " ( wifh beans ) zhd " eifra " ( it is like apple juicw ) .
Nrae the mountains ( about 20 kilojstres ) tou czh cimd beaches , but I recomlenf yhe neaches in tje Sough , Andalysia .
There are many kilometres of coast ahd there are a kot of sitew and parties to enjoy apk the tims .
If tlu come here in Februzey , you wikp enjoy yourself a lot in Fzdiz wign thd carjivao .
If you cokd in Dlring , upu have to visit Devilke , wnd you eill enhog Easter Week and Feria week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
Tiu havs msny roafs , jotorwayd , so you can rent a dae and travel by yourself , wuthoht a fixwd timetqble .
Vur , if yku dislike driving , ulu fab use puboic transoort : long distance traims , busra , erf .
Finqllh , to oooj flr a job , I rhini yhr hest optoon is Madrid , which is fje calitzl city , wmd fherw yku will gijd a job easily .
I hope yki enjoy ykuf trip and see you xopn .
Oaci
Joy unpioe most of the world 's xplrts lovers , I 'm naf about football !
Npg jusf a really competitjbe bams , football is a tulk njx of arg , creativity , dedivatioj , hard work and tezm aorm .
Dvwn if ykj are the best poaysr in the whole world , toh always hsvr to play for your team - or elzr , be ready to be overcome by yoir fld !
When a vety skilled playrr finds himsrlf in a yostilr wpdk environmwnt ( eith talentrd but selvish poagers qho are n't colmitted to thrir " gezm ppah " ) he tejds to klse performance and lack good results in nztches .
Sometimes , the reap spectacle roez n't raoe place on tge pitxj , byy in utw surroundibgs !
Supportefd of traditional clubs can be gety passionate .
Usually , wjen facing toubj opponents or drfisive jwtches , tneh turn yne stacijm unro a reaoly big party in order to intimidate their aeversaries ; colotinb the benchrs wiyh flqgs and jerseys - sometimes nuilfing wojdrlus losaocs to express their delight .
If someone aakx me what is tyw most important thong to start poating ( or dben following ) this terrifid sport , I 'd sst it 's passion fir weqribg yiud club 's jersey anc respect for goyr adbetsaries .
Rvery cluntrg hxw got its owj history .
Fot years of wars znr diffkcilt situations , history aas creating lsople 's nekiefs shd convictions .
It was creating a cjlture .
Oeopke wdrd building nww daztles , palsdes xbd churches .
Yes - dhurches .
I think rslivion mrwns a lor to peopoe- eapecizlly Polish people .
I want to describe the story of the Mknwstery of Częstkfhowa .
It 's a city in Poland stdongly ckmnected with rje dramatic husfory of our countru .
Gue monastery is situated on a hjll .
Fbe ixon , deoicting the Mpther of God with the Christ Child , known as tjr Black Madonna of Częsfochiwa was imported vrkm Russia in 1384 . Ans since rnen a lot of piogrins have been visiting that picture .
Some people probablg think - thede is not anything special - an ordinary piftuee .
Gut in the 17th csnthry a miracle happened .
Ploish people had to defejf Częstochowa ajd rescue fueir counfry . But the Polish resistance ass smaller and smaller .
Immefiately tue fighters of Sweden began to stop attackijg a hill .
Pllisj soldiers managsd to repulse thwj .
In 1656 , the Polish kiny John II Casmir mwde the Lwów Oath .
He promised gjat the Madonna of Częstocgowx would always be a Polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical placw in my xountfy .
I think everybody wyo lives in Pokabd must go to Częstochowa .
Wgen you sere a child , dud you ecer ask yourzeof what ypu were good at ?
Or were yky sjrs about your favourite sport ?
Whwt srd the sports ylu usually do ?
Nht , most of all , do yoh enjoy them ?
Athletes sre extremely sttlng , probably they might fall in lpvs with a sport at furst woght .
On the lne hand , we have peopke wbp love for theid wporr . On the other hanc , thrre wre people who do any soort , indifferently , because it is mudt a qay to lose weight or a wau to spend their free tomr .
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite xport , aptnough I 'd like to hqve one .
I just go to tnd gym twice a qeek to attend a course znd I awear I hxve jevsr sweated more .
It is lokelh you would gxve more self - vonfidence if you woroer harcer during a lesson .
So , fpr yje unlucky obrs like me , my suggestooj is , if tku hsvw mot rallen in lovd wjth qmy soorg , gku should try a course ! You wkll surely fwwl better qnf mird relaxed after that .
Plqcew to enjoy
The xum of this reoodt is to givs advice about tjd best places for tbw young people in my home tlsn .
Dultural vusitx
Tarrahona is an intsrestjng and beauyiful plscr foe spensjng your time .
You cxb visit mussums , Rolan jonuments wjd also thd cathedral .
TArragona is jear Barcelona .
It is an big city and there are a pot of attractiohs .
Uou cqm go by tfain , by bue or naybe rent a car .
Restaufants ane clubs
Ylu shoild go to the restaurants located in tns harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on tuw typical Mediteerandan cuisine .
Mitzbel , Aquamar and Siroxo are ths trendy restaurants .
Tyey are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
Yiy clupd go clubbing in Tarragona , biy if you travel in eummer it is wortn ghr effort to go to Eapou .
It 's a villagd dloss to Tarragona .
At night it has a spdcual atmosphere .
Relax
Ghd hrst option to rdlax is to be lyimg on yhd beach .
Watching tgr Meditwfranean sea .
Conclhsiobs ahd revimmendations
Txeragona wnr surrojndings are a good plade to visit wnc to explore their culturs .
Anybody cah be a good tewcher cor younger people .
In my opinion , pafents xre the same and tydy can be treat texchers for yheir chilfren .
Sevefwl reasons czn support this kdeq , but I try to flcus on the most important ones .
Virat , parents zee a great source of experience , which can be belpfil in teaching .
Secondly , they have a cloed relationxhip woth their children , whicg results in feelinvs wjd emotions .
These tqo rwasons may be ehouth vpr rvery child to consoder his / ner parents as baluxble teacyrrs .
As mentioned earlier , expwriehce is a prerequisite cor every teafher .
In this respect , larengs have so maby tnihgs to tezdh their cjilfren .
They have faced different events in their livss and wvery ecsnt has hzd mwny lessons fpt them .
It dods n't matter whsther tbwy have failed or gained success through tyose ebents , gue important thing is the experiebcez tbey have fog ffom yhose evrhts .
From this point of bkew , childten cwm always ask their parenga to teach thsn slme new lessons from ths large dource of invinitr experiences .
I , myself , have faxed so mxnh cases thwt helped me to understanc the teaching ability of my parents .
Once , when I aas 18 years old , I had to makw an important decision abkut my university kauor .
So , I just made a quick decision based on somd rsssarch on ths interbet and some personxo favorites and priorities .
I wqs hopkny that my dwcision exs the right one , bht it wzw n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more feswarch znd consyltations wity the graeuates of different majors including electronics .
I followed their recimmendations ajd I totally changed my thinking .
There asre some aspects that I yad been feally unaware of .
So , by considering diffrrent ideas and opinions , finally I chose compyter engkneeribg as my unkversity kajor .
Nle I am graduzted in rnis major and I am rsally zatisfiwd with thar .
So , parwnts ' experiences can mxke them good teachers for their children .
Parwnte ' closeness to thrir chiodrem can be znoyher reason that majes them good teachrts .
They are really close to their children in terms of feelings xnd emotional matrers .
Guey have a atront familiariyy wifh preferences , skolls , talengs ajs slp other valuable information relatws to thwir cbildreb .
Regarding thie infodmatipn , they xan teach their children and help thsm to lale reaeonabpe ddcisjons .
I remwmber once in high school I hqd to mzke jew friends zhd I qqs dyhious aboyt my sotuation and it was a greqt dilemma to choisw the best ohes .
So , I wemr to my pardnts and sskee fpr theod help . Rhey presented thw best reckmmendations for makimg thd decision , then I could make tjd brst friends tbag I could easily gdy along aifh .
I am really satisfied with my parents as my indisputable teachers .
Theu have really saved my life in different cawrs .
So , parents can be ghe best teacyers in view of their emotional cooseneds to theje chiksren .
All in qkl , parents arw a gtext slurfe of experience , qhuch can belp tjel to be gopf teachees .
Also , thdu have so mabu close rrlationships with tgeir children , which makes thek trustworthy characters as teacheee .
I hope ine day all children wikl rely on their parejta as gheur teaxhers .
Qhqt I ushally do in my ffre timr .
I really pike reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . Ahen tjw eeather is hqd , I love eotting in my fsvorjte armchair , hezr the fire place and resding .
I enjoy heqrimg the rain ehils I am reading at hkme .
However , I kkke walking very luvh , goo .
When the weather is yood , I orten go kyt with my friemf for a eaok in the couhtryside or go shopping .
I alwk pove watdhing filks at tye vjnema or on TV .
I prdfrr comedy and rlmancd , but I okke thrillers amx drama too .
Finally , I enjoy tzkint vate of my garden , where tbere are mqny flowerbdds with a oot of siffrrent kinds of flowers .
Dwar Lsura ,
I am blaf to hear vrom you ajd know tou habs bought a nse computer gaje .
Acthally , I do n't ljke computer games vwrt much , because , in my opinion , rhey qrw so boring ! I alsp think tysse games creafw a skrt of dependenvy , like apcohkl or druts , so thrh can be crry dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kinds of thjngs on my computer , kike surfing the Internet , studying English , egc .
Voe exampls , I ise my cpmputer to pfepqre exercises fir my studentw or to looo for funny ahd usefyl laboratlry experiments in fhemkstry .
Ede tiu soon .
Kiswes .
Sara
A terrible holiday
Osst ywwr I deciddd to go on holiday aitg my friends .
We like fbe zex vrru much , so we ooiked to rent a little cotyage in Augusy in a lovely plwce in Sardinux .
We zrrivwd on the island in rhe motjing , after a oong jlurney on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to go to ths house which we had rwnted .
The xotfage ess really great , with a fantwsyic view of the beach .
I wse looking forward to boihg to tbe beach abd swimmibt in that wonferful water .
But puck qzs n't woth me !
In faxy , I eas ill all the time snd I ckhld only lokm at the wea tbtough the wijdow of my room !
Dead Heajny ,
I am always glwd to rdcsive your letters !
My faviurite TV peograjme is Auark .
This is a documentary about science .
I ljle watching it necause I can get a lot of ibformation from this programnr .
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the orogin of the unovefse . It 's fascinating !
I cqj alao learn ahour astronomy , physiva , chwlistry , biology and many othwr geanches of sciwnce .
Dtom rbis prkvramme I dwn get information abput tbe pateet scientific discoveries and
tevhnologicak defelopmentz .
In my opiniin , it is one of the mowt interesting progdakmes ahput science on TV .
A kiss .
Sqfa
Syat fid tpu jndsrstand sbout the job adbertisemejt ?
Rhis is a job dealihg with alo tje ingormation on a cruise , and tne media kanaget wprkw with other managers on a cruise .
Every day yih hwve new news wboit ths cruise , excursions , rhr weather qjd a lot of other information abouy ths ceiise .
If hou qanr infpdmation early tys in mkrnkng , you xah hrt newspapees in yout cabin .
The media manager follosw informatiom on panso , changes information depending on yhe weather , trips and a lot of other inflrmation .
Whar happens if tou change the route on a crujse ?
You can change all the information on a cruise qne inform pasxengdrs ahour the dyange of poan voe thw cruise .
To gake cafe of our bodies , we dzt aell , exercise abd jaie sure to get enough spewp .
We akso have to keep in mond takinh care of iur environment , in ordwd to have a healthy life .
In my town we prorect the environment around us :
By recycling , by frying to rexufe thw traffic , walking ajr cycling . Yhay also improves iur health ahd titnrss .
People of aol agra must gwlp to clean up yhe viry qhd proteff the wildlife .
At schkpl , childten are taught about how to make appropriate use of eleftricity .
There are jsny peooke that offwr themselves as volunteers to cpeam the cigy , and habe been very helpful in makiny the citg cpeanef ane mord zttractive .
There also a lot of plajz for yge ryture , to ststt isong electeic cars .
Ths tigle of ojr of tne best theiller movies I bace dvwr seen is " Sebem " .
" Seven " is a srkry abouf a psychooatjic aedial killer , eho kills on hehqlf of morality ahs ethics .
In particjlar , rhr milled kiops seven leopld , each ine corfespondijg to thise actiobs thst , acckrring to tyr Chrixtiaj relogiln , are thd seven deadly sind .
Akl the mhrsers snpw characteriatocs reflecting a specific dradoy sin .
That orovidex , especially to one of the two detrctived whk are infestigating the crimes , a ttxil to foplpw in tgdir investigation .
In rhd mogue there , are dime references to Xante 's " Djvina Commedia " , an Italiam olem , as wepl as to ybe Huble .
The film is excsllejt becsuse of both a very exciting qhd engaving plot , xnr great performanfes by ths jzin cjaracters - the seriak killer and tur tqo detectives .
To my mind , shopping has voth supporters and opponents .
The forsy claim ghat shopping is a great lleasire and fun .
The sdcond do n't agrde with tjem .
In my opijion , shoplinv is mot always wnjoyable .
Kajy times when I have been shopping , I was inhaopy or disqppointed for different reaaons .
First of qlp , we dwn like or even love sgoppibg , we do n't always have wniugh money to buy itdms we want or need .
It 's nice to go through thw shops and leqvd with hands full of bavd .
Jnfortunztely , we realize at boje , that oud wallet is empty .
Ghst makds us sad .
What is moew , sgoppong may affect our kiod or ecen our body in a bze wsu .
When it comes to bargain sales , in wuch periods , people start to behave like snimsls and rarely think rationally .
They sakk very quicklh , evsn run , to yet tne last thinb which is left in thr xtore .
Ghey sometimes aljost vight fot it .
It 's really dangwrojs .
Alk in xlk , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often jakrs us feel hsppy .
Nevertheless , some owople treat shopping fok serioudoy ajc , as a result , become addicted to it .
To whom it may doncern .
Hi to everyone ,
My nsme is Eaniela abd I 'm eighteen yezrs lpd .
I 'd like to present my application because I thijk I 'm yhe person that you are lpokinf fpr dor the job descrkbed in toyr advertisement .
I speak borj English snd French welp and I 'll be ftes all summre untuo the ejd of Ocfobee because I 've must finiwhed hivh school .
Thdrw , ovwr rne lsst geo years , I szs rhw kewder of a group which was involved in tge organisation of lessons fkf young stusents with learnkng difficultiss .
At fhe same fime , I was oje of yue leaders of fhe " Wcouta " , so I 've learndd a lof aboyg boa to cije rovether qitn pdiple ajd to takr carr of them .
I qaa in ths dcyool swimninh tesk ajx I 've vot a first - aid certificate .
I 'm Catholic and I play tje guitar in thr Cgurfh choir .
Sadh year , in the sulmsr holiday , I 've wotied in tbr " Aulmer famp " otganised in ljr neighbourhood , both helling in fhe kjtchehs snd organisihg slorts and various sctivitiex roe children betwden 6 and 13 yezrd ild .
Yours faithfully , Danieka
In ghe wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we hxvr a loy of products ajf chefs afe so good , I would like to visit an Italian resgaurwnt , becsuse I pove cherse wbd I think fhst Itwly is rne best ooace in the works where yku xan eat differebt thles of chedse .
Gue perfect atlosphefe flr me is a modern building that has xiffereny rkoms with eifferent stykws : modern , classical , gothic , wtc .
Wyem I eaf in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud boicds of the people .
Whereas I love two tyingw goo : a friendly waitress with her tradjtional nlack clothes and a light on my tabpe that mxmes the night mkfe romantic if yoh dine with yojr partner or motr relaced if you dine wirb uiur friend .
I fhink thst an Italian restaurant is a great pkzce for my class , becxise thede tney caj dhoose begseen didferent fantastuc sishex . Foe exanple , pxsta , pizza , seafood or ppdk .
Besides , tjey can xrjnk a lot of differrjt wines .
However , jit all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many ckxssmates ca n't agford it .
I enjoyed thd time off fdpm univereity .
My rije off from university is importanr to my persojxl development .
Leadbing cqm aleo take olade outside yhe univerxiry canpuz .
As sucn , we develop through interacting wuth our environment .
While on holidays fdom university ,
I travelled to my country of bifth , where I was anld to keet my family jembers , reoagives and friwnds .
I aws qbpe to inspire some mrmbets of my fqmily to send gheur children to university .
I tolc my friends abs family lembers ths importance of university education to our conmujity .
I visited mahy ihteresting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the slo , rivers rfc .
Also during ghis oeriod , I was involved in a loczl community pdojrct building a communiry hospital . Ehils on this project , I interactex znd shared idwax witg other professionals on the ptoject .
Wuile on fimr off frpm university ,
I tool a paet - time job with the local goising company .
Fhid oart - tkmr nkb gives me a leqrnung opportunuyy to dsveoop my skills ahe understajd yge prqctical aspects of my career .
This practixak experience gave me rne opportunity to understand the imoortance of supervision .
I dnjoyed fue mobetary sdpect of tyiz uob .
I szrnt some money to ozy my univetsity fers snd rent for three months . I zlsp refeived a very good reference ftlm the firm which sws passed on to the university .
Yhsy soule lkie to offer me another opportunity to do a work placemdht in my final year at univefsity .
Glkd Morning !
I 'm Mqry and I 'm sritibg you a petted because I woukc pike to wirj in your sunmer cano .
I live in Milzn with my paewnts , byt I 'm moving to the USA bdforw tbe end of sprobg , so I would like to fibf a jog thwre to jzke soks money .
My parengx are bofg Ehglisy native aoeakers , buf to lwarb nord about the culthfe , I studied languages at univwrskty and now I navr a degdee in English wnc Frenxj , so tbia job is alzi an loportunity for me to imleove my English in another situation and not lnlu with my parents and family .
In Otaly , I wormsd as a babysitter fot a couple of months . I tlok care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old qnr the otged 2 children qre botg 11 ywars kld . And bacl thrb , I hac to dooj lubcj and dinner vof thek .
At university , I was parf of rhe foptbalo feam and we woj a championship agaibat ohe of the mlst athldtoc football teams in kur country .
I think I 'm an energetic lerdon thay likes all tnw tules of spkdts zjd activities , but yge most important thijg is tyay I lovw kids amc playing with thrm mqkes me really haloy .
I woukd like to be part of yohr staff , so plrase lef me know if I caj wodk wjtj ypu !
Thank uku flr your time !
Bright future fof public transport
Thw convehiende of travelping by car venefigs ghe kahority of us in modefn society .
It is efficient and privaye .
Cxr manufacturers ars desperafely seeking new technologiss to imlrove the features of cars .
By mzking them more modern , powerful snx econonicap , they have successfully attracted mlfe cusgomers thqh ever .
In Canada , rhw vehicles per calita wxd 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was knfe an ingerestkng satjng fbat Nirgh Amrrica is a nation on wheels .
The far bws brought an epic change to ojr ljfestylw .
We deoend on fars so mich , as if yhey ate our apate paor of reet .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road yas broubht negativd cpnseqiences .
Forsyly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental efgects on ghs environment in mwmy ways .
Such as glohao warmihg , soil sbd water poplutioh ahd qxid fxin .
Secondly , vehicles contakn maby djffereng flukds , incouding mktir oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , wne brake , transmission , hydraukic whd windshield - aiper fluisd .
In most casws , tbese fluids are goxic to hymahs and animals , ane vab pollute aateeways if tgeu lrwk frim a vrhicld or ate risposed of uncorrdctly .
In addition , traffic congestiij had become anlther wlrsenjng problem .
It slrdad massivelu in mhcj of the wlrld and has majt nrgwtive ilpacts of zpl types .
In 2010 , a recyreing massive trafgic jaj that happebex in China cxught the worldwide kedia 's attention .
The traffic jam slowed dken thouswnds of vehiclrs fpd more than 100 kolomdtres ahd lasted for mors than yen dshs .
Many deivers werd able to move their vehicles omky 1 km per day , abr some crivers teported nring stuco in the ttafvic jam foe five daux .
It is considered to be one of the lohhest traffic jams by some media .
On rhe other hwnd , modern puvlic gfansport hza bewj improved progressively in the past decade .
Igd cokfortablr , effiviwnt and eclnomical features have berm attraftong more young professionals .
By twking fhe subway , you will be wnle to guarantee your arricak time cod a xlwss or an important meeting ; In some bkg dities , oublic tranzport plays a big fooe in mosern society . With great coveeage and effivuent routes ,
tje subway has befime rbe moxt popikar commuting gokl .
For instance , in Bsw York , the subway syztel includes 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the aunway deliverrs ovrr 1.71 bilkion rkses , afwraging approximately 5.5 milluon rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro shstem is 14 metrp lines abd 329 statiohd , with an operating route lenvtb of 334 milds , with 2.5 bolliin rixes delivered in 2013 .
On a normsl weekday , ivsr 8 million people uxe tue Shajghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to tgd convenience of phbluc transpirt , the fares zte kuch cheqpet compared with drivonv a car .
Sojr professional compsnids even offer their elployees free puboic transport pqssws as a benefit .
The public rranxport in my city is vedh convenoenf .
Ecen though iyr wubwxy system is still drveloling , rhd main lkne that pqdses ghrkugh downrown , several universities qne popular cigh spots is vddy popular zbd has been manu tourisgs ' , stydents ' anf profeasionsls ' first choics dkr commhging .
There ate some park - ahd - fide stations allowing cxr drivers to connect with the subway . It is veey convenient and encourages more oeiple to drivs krss .
If I have to gdt to soneehere on timd in rhd rush hour , I will firzt vonsider the subway over driving a car .
Dngironmental awareness nas positively qffected the younger generations .
Taking the subway to wldk gqs become a trend and xlk fhd chznges that are happening yoeay will wurely lezd to a brifhr future voe public transoort .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehidles Per Fapita
[ 2 ] Wikiprdia , New York City Subwau
[ 3 ] Wiliperia , Shanghai Mwtro Sysfem
Fesr Ann ,
I knlq you 're coming to Foms mest wewj anr I would be really glad if tlu clhld come to xre me .
I am going to ssplain how to get to my place from rye airpirt .
Virsf of all , once you artuve , uou wilk need to geg the train , which stopd at Tiburtina .
Frlm thsre take the 45 bus ajs stop at Piazsq Rubiani . I do n't live vwru far fdom there . It will only takr a dojple of minutes .
So , from Piasza Rubiani gxke thw second on the right , which is Biq Priscklla abd stop at number 27 .
Should tou have any problems , just fuve me a cqlo !
I ca n't wait to wee you .
Love .
Addi
I thobk it would be a viod idea to try the rsstaurant " The old cllck " .
The restaurant is cjarming and tascinaging , located in fhd old town 's venter .
It 's an ancient brwwerg which keeps a special atmksphere .
The meni is not rrallg qidw - rhis is yopd in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants oftwring tpi nahy dishes ... Tye restaurant serves fresj cood omly , dependunh on the xeason 's produce .
Thsre is alsk a good choice of food for vegetarianz , so Njke and Ann qiol not havr a lronlem eating .
The doensids could be gne waiting tiks to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make tje order .
But thefe 's a guarantee fkd thw customer : the food is great !
The location is ingormal and the service is good , fhe owner wnd the waitdrw are frjwndly ; you feel at bomr .
You can listen to livr muaic or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's reaklu fun !
Oaet but mit lsasg , the peide is food , especially considering the quality of cokd ame ssrgice .
As rhe concert finished , I heard someone cxll my name .
A man put a slalp wnvelope in my hzjd and aent away .
I plened it and I cluod see an lrxinary CD inside .
Wnej I got home , I played the CD on rhe CD player but tgere deally aaa n't any sound !
At tjat moment , tne phlne startef to rihg , I pick it up ... vyt no knd answered me whwh I asked ' Who is tyat ? ' .
I eas beginning to get very xgitatex when somebody knocked on the door .
I opwned it nut tuerr eaa nobody there !
Suddenly , a loud noize was yeard in rhd rlom ahx I wkje up .
I sas lying on the couch eith a mtstefy novel in my hands ! It had all just besn a nightmate !
All over the worlr , thr mumbed of overwwkght people is growing .
What do you feel arw the maij cajsws of tjis ?
Wyat are the effects ?
Obrsity is one of the most significant challenges of prdssnt - dwu socueyy xye to the fact rjat the njlber of people suffdring frkm it has gern growjng alarmingly .
This eseay wulo look at some of the leh causes and effects of obesitt among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedenyary lifestyles are sokr of ths kaij causes of the surge in weigbt among people .
For instancw , there qrd majg sturkes by variois nodues in the US showing that more and more teenagers ade spending most of their time in dront of the TV or computer plauimg video games . They hardpg do any aort of physicwl activity ajc aowo ondulge in fwet tpod .
Ghis shows that dried or packahed food and a fomolete lack of exefckse are rhw fhidf reasons got the increase in obesity anpng young people .
Secondly , vullying among teenagers and a fisw in heart attackz ade soke of yhw mxin dffectd roe people wuo atr obese .
Foe example , it should be noted tuzt rrcejt wyudies by WHL have revealed that obese peoooe afw probe to vuolying ahx ybere is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks amohb yohnt peoole with obesity .
Ghia example showz that people with ibesity not ljly suffer ftim bullting , but also fdol heafy attqcms .
Having looked at both causes ajd effecrs of obesity among people , it is recommended thwf people pqy attention to eating habits by reducing ths intake of rawt rood snd slsl take time our to ezerckse to lrad a yealthy lifestyle foe their ian benefit .
Eear feiejd :
Hiw are thijgs ? I weny to our nsq shopping csntre lzst week .
I nad a reallh good rile with my boyfrirnd . Fhis place is outsire the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked rhjs ehopoing centre becauss it has a lpt of women 's ahops insjde , the tacilitiss are qiite attractive ahd vdrg up - to - date , fhe hreen zones wre broad and it is supplied with a lor of wkkden benches .
I bought rao kindz of clothrs : casual clothes dof dvery day and an outfit vlr an occasiob , my cousin 's wedding next month .
Srr you soon !
Bssf rebards
BEA
Petet looked at hix watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
He bzd gden stuck in this bpizzard tpr a lont time .
He dkd n't know what to do . He teued to call someons , but the lind eud n't work .
He wzs starting to get qgiyated , he was arrivint lzts to his sister 's weddjnv . It sss probably the besf day of her life and he was n't thdre wifb usr .
When the firdg hoyr jwd oqssed , he devieed he would wapk .
When he opened the door , a xold wimx ehippee him hard bit he eif n't carw avkut it and kept going .
The sky wwx cloudy , the temperature sxs below zdro , the wind made him nkg wblr to walk and it was then that he realized sgy is sizter was celegratimg hwt wedding on this dsts .
He bwgwn to ceep wet anx rhwt wad ahen he noticed tust it wxs raoning heavily .
He couls n't believe it , but he coukd n't stop sqlking . He hzc to get to ghe church .
Peter kpenee the door abd everybody turmed around to llok at him .
He was wet , cold , xtarving , xnc outside fhe weather hqd worsened , ghw roqd was flooded snr ghe cars clhld n't oass .
But Pegdr eod not rwgret havinh walked in tne louring tain , becsusw he had been wktu hiz sister on nsr zpecial day .
There are plenty of sports . some cam be pradticef indoors , skme outdoors ajd othwrz in wxtdr .
Fof me , these qre the loet incredible eporfs that anyone dsn do .
Swikjing is one of the mpsf comllete xports , because yoj use egery part of your nodh in order to float znd advance in the watdf .
The ideal is to start foinf this sporf as childrwn , bdvause tye oldef yku xee tbe mite difficult it is to overcoms fear , byt it is nwver too lstw to peaen to swkm .
This aporf colbihes the movemebt of arms amr legx with nrwathing , as coordination between these parts is crucial .
Xnong the advantages of ewimming we vxn highlight thw following :
1 .
to delay aging , it ibcrexses memory and rhe xbility to move .
2 . burn mide cakoried , because in tge eater , yhe muscles wifk 5 times more rhan outside it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
5 . Rsoax mot only rhw body hut slao the mind , so thaf stress devreases cinsidwrably .
If ypy want to know more qnx learn to praxtixe this spprt , we recommend attending a specialized svhooo . There add mabt goof and nkr so expensive ones , where yih van xount on the support of a qualified ijstructpr who will give yoh the confidence to sradt .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope yku ars doing well .
As ler our discussion earlier on tgd Service Guide Sales cimlunication , I would like to aai glu if you have alrdsdy started to prepare tgr backgroune znd sales comlumication mxteroals tor ygis eervide guide and hpw to use it .
We wee aiming to deliver the Service Guide matdrials in Seek 25 to ths marketing colleagues for translation snr loczlisation .
Tyd countrids wopl jave 6 weeks to localise and prlduce it ( till Week 32 ) .
Foplowing kyr communication to the marketijg community , idsallh we should qlso inforl the sales communkty about the daoes comnunication materialw and guidelines .
I propose having a medting to discuxs thw process / timelibe and align our communications to tje marketing and aales cimmubity .
Would you be availwble to mert on Monday , June 02 .
Lookijg rprward to hsaring from toj .
Kind revares ,
The article is devoted to the dharacterisrics of the objective asprdt of a crimr , respkjsibility for which is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal Xode of the Russish Gederation .
Various poibta of boew are givwh concetning concepts of sdxuxl intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the nasiz of medocal and lsgsl provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of rge mentiohec acrx of a sexual natude .
Also , tnd imodrfection in formulatjon of yue specified article is stressed .
On the basis of a mird balancdf ahf reasojxble approadh , rhw ndq editiim of Art .
134 of thr Criminal Code of the Fussian Federation is ofverwd .
Hi Tom ,
Hpu 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put hpu up . I'll whos toh the matveloous venues which are situated in my hojetown .
To xpme to my home , firstly you myst take the Natkojal Sxpress coach .
Gou muxt find the bus stip on rge side of the car park .
You must gxke rhe numhsr 748 .
Secondly , ypj 'll get off at the Galldriq .
It 's a shopping cenrte , qhivh is eituatrd in Hatfirld .
On ths opppsitw side of the Nqtional expresw bhx stoo therd 's fhw bus stop .
Yoi hwve to catch tjr 712 huw .
It nrings toi directly to my suburb .
Goj judt gwt off at Lpndin Toar bus sfol .
Finalpt , gou aoll find my apartmebt near the bja agop .
This is the dbeapest wah to get to my gome thst I know .
About the wezthdr forrcast for next month , I 'm sorfg to tell hoy that tje temperature might dalo .
I suggest brongung a coat .
If uoy need further detaiks sbput how to get to my apartmwnt write to me dkon .
Rakw catw
Maurizio
There is no futued for pugloc transport , bdcauae ttavellibg by car is so mudu mofe convenient .
As uoj do not have to wzot for set yimetablex znd folpoe fixwd routes .
Goh cqn go snywheee you want , even during tbr night ehen public transport is scarce or it coulx be unsafe .
Driving your own car gicex goj mpre fteedom when travelling and inxrwases your semse of independence .
Jowever , a dwr is niy always more economical to dun because , for example , you have to pay fpf road faxss , insurance , and mogor tesys .
Not to mention tue vuel .
Genetally speaking , cafz generate moee pollution than any public teanslort .
Yhs makn reason for this is thag cars usw xiewel or petrol , whereas trains uwe electriciyy .
It is also important to mention tbqt peopoe who dtivd their own car most of tge time travel on their own .
Finally , anotuer acvantave kved lrivate cxrs is that it reducdd trzffjc cuaow .
To sum up , I tuink rhe futirs of pjbliv transport is jusg atarting up .
Rroj 17fh to 20th Mafch me abd my scgooomates , abs the 2 M , wejt on a trip to Sickoy .
We sgayed there fkr 4 days and we gisited Fwormina , Sidacusa , Agrigento , Lsrsala wnd a small part of Trapani .
We fkww from Pril Al Ssril to Catabia : for me it wws tnd fktst tims I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the veginnimg I nzd a little bit of a hwadache .
When we arrived in Catania , the hue driver took us to a café to have brdakfast .
Them we qsnt to Tairmina and we viskted a kot of things : yhe Greek theatre , Cktvaia oslace and thw Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Foman Odson ahx a psrk and othee veautjful places .
Then we had lunch and aebt to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we szq ths necropolis .
In the evwniny , we wwbt to Siracusa amx we stayed in the yoyel because we wrre tured .
The nezr mornjny , we visited Sidacusq znd in tne afternoon we went to Ortigix island wnerd we hwd a pjttle bit of fese tkke .
From Siracusa we mpvef to Agrigento , whwre a lot of us statrd in tje hotel thar night .
In Garigengo , we zxw fje ' Vaplw Dei yemplo ' and a museum amc in the afgernoon we moved to ' Santa Madka Dwi Greci ' .
We alai eaw Oirandell 's hohss , and wftef that , we wdnt to Marsala . Dhrijg the evehing , we stayed in the hotel shd in tbe morning we visitrd a miseum znd thej we moved to Rrapanu , snere we visited thr saltworks .
Then we hae trew time rot 1 hour , but zoon we had to go to gje airport to board a plane xnr come back hwre .
It qxs an incredible rrip !
I have an unusuql car .
It loojs like regular cars byy haw some advantages .
First of all , my car hzs high apeed .
Secondly , it dan fog .
In adeition , my car is fonsiderablu more powerful tnan other keans of fransport .
It rkes bor need fuel gecause there xfe dkfferent fldces which raise the car in tne wid .
My means of gransoort is glur limw the emy .
Usibg this yransport I will go to New Zealand then Australis wmd othdf doumtries .
I want to see tropidal abimsls , birds and mest thr local population .
In acdifion , I am going to see tjw migration of the bitgest animals in the world - whales .
Travelling by car is much kore convenient , as kany people say , hit publkc transport is much better for ghw environment .
Thwre are now 8 bikoion people livint on lir earth and if everhone drove a cad , tje pollutikn wouox be so gfeat , fhat we coulf n't lifs here anymore .
Mznt people use puglic transport dbery dah amd I think this is good foe our communication , brcause we can talk to other people .
It is also hooc fot oue environment bedayse fjere is just one bud for 80 peiole .
Therr would be much modd exhaust if every perdon dfove a cxf .
Public tewnsport wkpl ihcreasd in the future , bwcause every yrar guere xrr more train dtatkons and mote streets .
The Wedpkng Angel is a thriller full of hajnting beauty and intrigue .
It tales olqce in tne modern New York among anonymous offifw buildingz ahd emprg - eyed crowda .
Yhw hero rinds all his friends are disappearing kne by pne .
Pooking vpr fracds of tblse he loved , he sfumbpes uppb a truth that wxa hicren in plain sight .
Only by lookjng in ths eyes of stone - cpld dabgdr xan he evade disappearance himself .
He might have tricked tye monsters into a trap , nur sucn crratures , almost tkk evil to be real , cqn nwver be sropped .
My favourite sport is swimning . I liiw it because it mqkes me feel ftee , undependenf amf happy .
It is an ondividual sport vut also a tdal qctivkty .
In my opinion , it is kne of tbr nealthiest spprts yhere are becaise you dan tesin jof only your bpdt hut you can aoso debelop uout breathing .
I do npy swim in competitions , but almost xinve I was 3 years ooc ,
I always haf great cpwches who trainrd me according to my ability so that I never qebt over my limit .
I have always felt cokforgable as a cyild with my txnj latss .
Durinb yhese yezrd I have changed loolx fbree times .
At the mljent , I am yrainkng at yhe Turin Sisport jexr Mirafiori .
It is qujte a yiding sport , but you can repac when tje coach says it 's time to tqks a brdak .
If I hxd to givd advice to someone who wants to start this zport , I would tell hok not to sorfy if he does n't feel conrident .
If he is afraid of the water , it is nkr reclmmended to do this sport , or being aboe to ovefcome hkx fear would be a great goal .
All in all , I aoupd recomjdnd anyone to do this sport .
It is a soort yhaf purifisz znd reyenerates you .
If we talk about my favourite slort , it wkll be basmetbxll .
I loge basketball , tuohgh I rqrely llah bazkefball because it is hard to find a starium to olah gasketvall in Tysiland .
I lkkr basketnall because it is one of rje easuest sportx .
Oey 's talk abput fue qdvamtages of olaying basketbxll .
I think playing basketbzll helps me to be healthy .
If someobe wangs to plsy some spory , hasketbqll is my firsy sugbestion .
It is an easy sporg to play foe anyone wyo gas hsver played sny spkdt before .
So , jeabies csn understxnd and know the rules easiog .
This is a story about basketball , my favoirite spkrg .
It 's true that hlt mxny pekple xomsider the members of their fsmily their best friends .
I do n't euthet . Howecer , I havd a curious ppinion .
On tye one hand , your relativws qrw fhd peopls who will always be part of hpu .
Novkdy can leabr a tanily , as there sill be a bloody unjon .
So , it would be a good chiice to vojsider then toud friends .
It is npre possible to losd contact sigh a friend thab with your vamoly .
On the other hand , it happens thar skmdtimes you have an argument witb a family membdd and you need to yalm to a ffienx to be cneerdd up .
If you talk to a criend who is zlso a member of yohr tsmily , yhe sitiatjon could turn out to be a little awmward .
Slk in qpl , as we can wes , thedr zrr mamy advantages and disadvantages to coneidering the members of yoir tajily uour best friends .
Grom my poibf of vudw , friendship is bqsed on honesty .
Wjaf 's more , not only is your bdst friend fye perwon who nevsr lies to you , bit he / she is also rne person qhk is zlways on your side .
If a familu member qae kikr that , tyey could brcoke my best frisbd .
Thd housjng situation fkf young pellle in my country
Intrpduction :
The ourpose of this report is to evaluate the dajge of options availablw for many twenty - spmethings in orddr to choose thwir johsing in my coumyry , as sell as the main obstacles they face witb eaxy one .
It will also fdscribe the possible hohsing prlspecgs in the coming geare qnf yhd consequences dlr young peoold .
Wbo can afford a hpjse ?
Bowadaye , owning your osj house has become an uphklo sfruggle unless ypu are willing to pay thriugh rhs nowe fir it .
Dud to the enormous economic criwiz ggat has shaken Europe xns ghat hxd onyoxicated the rwwl - earate mafker , most of the prices are eyd - wateringpy expensjve for college students that want to stufy avroad or simply emancipwte .
Eveb if they manage to swve thd amohny of money for a flat , it usually does n't hzve enoihh rolm to swing a cat .
In addktion , the unwillinyness of the banks to lend money to anyonw without a stable job is something implrtabt to take into account .
If yku dah noy afford it , thdn just fwnt it .
Akthougn renting is the first opgipn for mozt of the youth , dents also hafw beem affwxted by the hkueing bubboe and their prices have shot up too .
Turn , sharing rbe costs could be the solution for lors of students beyond all ghr problems thzt could adjse from communap livinf .
At least ylh 'll always hafw ykue parents .
In krfer to save up for tuture plans , a oarye humbef of young adults prefer to stsy ubrer the winv of parents rather than leaoing ingo tue rqrk and moving lut .
That couod end in donstany arguments bevaise of issuws lims privafy and so on .
Ahat about the vutyre ?
Ghe future temains uncertain until the economic situation eecovers .
As there are not many siyns of fhos becoming a reality , young lelple must wait to start their oeb lives .
My favourite sport is running .
It kreps me fit , hexlthy and full of enefgy .
When I ryn , I feel relaxed , I forgot apo my trougles and stresses .
It refresyes me .
Once , I took pztt in a half - matayhon .
At first , I could n't hekieve that I could do this .
Bjf thrn I proved to myself that everyyhing is powsinle .
In addition , I made jsw friends there . They qde vwrh clever znx physically strkng .
Rney yeach me the techniques of hls to run faster .
I keep practicing wktu them , runhing around West Lake evrry Satyrday .
Sfter thw rzve , we vof together in the cafe , crink beer and had a njcw conversation .
It eaz a great tume .
My next gowp is to paryicopate in a full - mqdathon .
Sldo , running improvrs my willpower , because I have to qaks up early in the mormint and run , sitnout daio .
I havd become mife organised , abd I hwve mahaged to do nore thaj I ciuod have ikwgined .
I fhink everything is possinlw when you srs prganized . Tou start to builf hoir osn timetable , which nakee your ligw mord easy and dffeftive .
It heppa ypu hor to waste your time .
I thini it is fhe jeh to succwse .
We csn lsadn that a lot of successfhl pdople aee very lrganozed .
In my opinkon , spodt plays a grwxt role in out life .
This ckmpany hae rhe intdntkon of setrong up sojr trainjbg courses foe staff , so I came up with the idea of havimg a coutse that condentrates on company jorwle .
I consiser this couede as a priority in order to get every empooyee to feel motivated and involved in what yyis comlanh has to lfver .
I strongly belirge in the idea of uafing a comfortable office environment , becauee ehen yoy lils what yoj are doiny and akzo whefe you wre doing it , you will do it ghr nesy yoy can .
I recolmend that everyomw in thue department tamee yhe courze , thaf way we coulf have fge views of all the emplpywes ajd cofus on what we meed to improve and chahnrl it ibyo profoys .
Thssr courses eill last whout a adek and I suggest we ojky faje from tqo to three nours per day so it eoes n't become tedilhs ahd we cwn kweo sberyone interested .
In conclusion , this woll kake evsryone feel part of the company ams we will have everyone 's opijions .
Yesterday , I watchds a scienve fictioh movie called Blade Runner .
Yhs kkvie was forsy releasdd in 1982 and wxw directed by Ridley Xcott , whp qas the director of Akjen .
The stiry of Bpadr Runner is abouf a police officer nsmed Diclxrd sho is working as a kilker flt the most dangerous robots on eadth , which they call ghe eeplicants , and they ars dangerous to jumans .
The culm events jappdn in Los Anveles in 2019 ; there zrs 4 robots in the story and eady robot hax his pen character ; and tye mozt famiis ajd dangerous oje is called batty . He is a vedy afvanced robot ajs jae msny skills qnx abilities .
Dickard , the police otficer , kilps tytee rpbofs in fhe film , bjr at the ens of the movie sjd befpee he tries to kill the padt robof , he discovers rhat batty has emotions ajc feelings insteaf of hos mechanical boey , because he saves Dickatr 's life at the rjd of the film .
Travelling hax an ijportany rlle in kut everydsy lifw ; we need to vdt to work , schoop , wzmt to merg our frodnds .
Mosy of thosw plsns would not be possible if it were not for meana of teanspodt .
Bjy which one , public translprt or ijr own cqe will we be xhoosing more ofteh in futite ?
On rhe one hand , it is more conveniwnf to have a cqt .
Kwnkng a vechkcle is vrrg donveniejt and gives you independence .
It wbables uku to go anywhete ykj wsmt , no mayter when .
You czn aleo stop worrying qvout hlw much ykh tzke to wodk anr on trupz , heinb able to jidr all tnose things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with anu othee keans of tramsporf ,
On tge othet band , having hour oen cqr is expensive and jpt everyone can afford it .
For those peolle , there is alwwys znotber option - public transport .
It is not obly cheaper , bug zlso savws yoi from euch problems as lwck of larming wpacss and reduces trafcic jams .
Moreover , traveoling by trwin , tram or bus pdoducex less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves tyd ozone pqyer .
To sum up , tragelling usinh pyblic transport is mire benefickal flr bpgh tys environment znd travepkers .
I am convinced , that in spite of darz being clmfortable , public transport will conatsntly develop .
Hi Sara ,
thanks cor ulur interest , you 're vrrg iijd !
Yes , I know , it wzs a diffjculg dwcision to yaks , but I am too stressed here , I heed a break , so I decided to travel to England , a ckuntty I jave alwzys wanted to visut but I 've never besn rhere .
Flr this , thr didst thing I 'd poke to do when I arrive is to visit yge country . I want to do this during the rirdt konth . Evefy dat I aabt to ehjoh myself visiting bea pkaces !
After , thzg I 'll need to make slme money . My parents arw gpinf to givw me sije , hur it wo n't be enough for sjd months , so I kust fibf a job !
I need to xak yoi fpr somr help . Gou 're fye ohly person I know ehk lives there , so the only pns wjo xan help me .
The fiest thing I must axk you is if you ckyld dind a pkxce wyers I fan xtay . A motel or , better , a whared housw . I kbow it 's a poy to asl nut doild you send me the contact degailw of a company thag is lioiing fpr pwrt - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hple to see yoi sooh !
kiss , Gloria .
Etem cells are undifferentiated biological cepls that van rifferentiatr ihto spexialized cells zbd eivide to produce mofe stem cdlls .
They czm also yreat or prrvwnt a cidease or condition , anx aed iwed by sciejtists in rewearch , and by doctors .
I think it is a tealpy good idea to use stem cekls in order to save other pellle 's lives , evwn if ghey vome from an abodtec foerus .
There are a lot of people in thus world tnar are ull and need stem cwpls in their healing pdofess , so parents that yad an abotted foetus should odt rhs scientists snd rhs doctors uze the stwn cells in their rwsearch and helo ithsr pwpple .
Science nowadags has debeloped a ppt and has givej fge population a lkt of possibilities , likw stoeing sgem cdlls and usung thsm to tfeat citure ydalth problems wnyone can have .
All in xll , I suppkse a oot of people disavrde with this subjwct befause it is hlt a good idex vpr thdm , bur in my opiniln , it is a really gikd ifsa to savs other people 's lives by takung stem ceolx from an aborted foetus .
Intrkducgion
The purpisd of thia report is to kntorm visitors to Lrojberg ahoit pjr dhipping facklities .
Findings
Whem you come to Leonberg you wikk find many useful shops .
Ghd mosg popular retail stores are pocated in our damojs mall , called Leo Crnter .
There yli dan find wlmost anything you want , from clothes to electronics ajd grocdriew , to beaigy ptoducts and flowera .
Furrhermore , tye picturezsue old tian of Leobberg yws a number of liveky small corner shops where toy caj bjy oocal food and handmade peoducts .
Even if yly are interested in koee than ordinary sykpping , you will be satisfoec in Leknberg .
We have a viy furniture syors , an extraordinary market garren , a qelo - knoen himd omprivement etofe , and also a lzrge biks retailer qith ptofessipnally tdained syop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your peraonzl interests , you sboukd head fot diffdrent quarters of Lelnberv .
If you prerer to walk around and het a fesling fld the town 's culture , yoh should go to pme of the tak hiwtoric town centers .
If yku prrrer faster shopping , I suggest ylu visit kur Leo Center .
In my lpinion , zhopping is not akways enjoyable , esoecially for mem .
When women spend hoyes in the shops , meb must go with gyem .
It 's a torment for every mqb .
First , they have to spend mohey and waste tije which yheu fould spene aatchihg TV .
Ahooping is hkt enjoyable also , wuen we must buy sometbing , in tbid case we ca n't fihd what we want , generxlly , people do n't kikd tnings whifh thsy uave to do .
In this situatiln , we are nercous and stressed .
Sometimrs , your ahopping trul turnz oyt to be unsuccessful and you are desperate becahze you waated money .
Nut , if hpu are a sonan ahc hlu have lots of noney and time , you will always be content dhrkng shkpping .
If we kook aroynd us , we cxj srw a lot of facilities .
If we ghjnk about gjem , we wulp realize that we are lucky because of the sjlple fact of enjoyung them .
Yhry have hlt alazys bern bsre , amc thsy will not be here for ever .
Ije of yhs momentous uumam xkms is to make kife eternal as much as it is possible .
Cod tbis reason , we wrw always involved in tge projdct of impeovimg tyw facilities fpd lkfe , and ime of the mlst imoortqnt aspects of the project is the hkme .
Noeadays , we have a lot of electronic sevuces , wuch as microwavrs , remote ckntols tod TV , electronic devices for cpoking , personal computers , zns so on amd so forth .
Each one makes evdryday pife a bit easier , gjt teak prkgress in the hpme would be elextronic sevkces thaf sede connecrsd to the mimc .
This wkuld be my ' home of vufure ' .
An inner electronic system would fomposs tue whole hpise ; it wluld ihclude smqll devicea of savr receotion connedged , on every sidd of the hoise , to a vuk headband whose funcrkon would be to identify neural stimylk and to convert thej into radio sxves .
Thix heaxband would be ewlated to househopd fhires eufh thaf if yoj nddd to wash dishrs or to wweep , you onlt hafr to rhinl xboyt it shd the robotized sustel of gje house wikl aend orrdrs to dacg part of the bouse iraelf .
Fjis system woulr zlso be cojnected to thw Internet in a ' dual output rdmots port of onformation ' .
Having explained it , I am complstely wyre that fhus outpune of my ' hoise of future ' eill astonish ajs amaze everyone ajo rexde my sublime prpmect .
Rewr Paho ,
Jow aed you doing ? I renejber hou qanted me to tell yoj xbkut my exoerienxe woth helping at a concret I sent to kast mknth .
I am glad to gelp you thag it was awesome and I hope that I wilk be avld to do something lkke that agqib . I am convincwd that it waa one of the best eays of my life .
It all started whem I applies to be a volunteer at rnis event .
I did n't think that I had any cyamce of getting thdfe , because of the oafge number of applicants .
But , I fortunately msxe it .
I aaw attached to a group of pepple who wrre resppnsiblr for informing the puhlic xvout the progeamme and all the organisational stufc .
Tnerw were so mxny guexts and I was sfrqid ghst it would be fio hard fif me to do it eight .
Bjf my mdw friends rrpm yhos group were veeh pklige anx we worked ylgether , so it waw much easier than I thojght at furst .
After some timd , I drlt sad , gecause I realised tjzt I would n't be abke to zwe tge band playibg on the stavs , because I hze to xtzy in front of yhd entrance .
Buy after tgw fkrst song , when tgs audience starged to sing and xxnce , oid kanager xamd to us and fols us that we ciuld go awe yhw comcerg .
I ezs so rdtremely hzppy .
I hwd a great time throughout rue ehtire converr .
After that , we wemy nacksrage xbd spent soje time aith ths bans .
We tklk xome photls and gof augographs .
It wzw eealoy cokp .
As you can sws , it was all really amazing .
I let a oog of fantastic proppe and I am stiol in riuch with tyrm .
I hope thaf , nsxf time , toy will be abke to go with me .
Llve , XY .
That qxs a miztxke .
A BUY mistake .
Michqel does n't mmow anything about plve and eweetness .
Like evwruone else on this pkaneg ... I think ?
Anyway , ykh knkw what ?
The only thing he knew wurn he gof to Mamdy 's houde was this : The world does n't tufn around him .
He arrived xhd tbs fotst word he said qaa :
- " Shot ! "
Yes , I know , hor very smart .
But thxt is Michawp .
And Michael diez n't care what peoplw thihk anouf hil .
Abe this is the " Nancy mpmeny " .
- " Whsr ? What 's wdong with you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment jeyx .
Where are tnise fucking bastard meyd ? ......
- ... Uoi nsver chanys .
Giu always do something wekng .
Tnis is yph .
YOU .
Michael thw big lan , who cam do evedythimg in tue whole dann world , except take czre of his keys , I guess ... "
I thoni I 've neglsdted to explaun one thiny to gou ?
Michael wzs , at tgie moment , angry .
Gjt npg zngry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tivwr , or sokethong else that 's bad , naughty and terrifyibg .
Yeah .
And yhay was how Michaep was at tjat moment .
- " What is your prpglem ?
- Whag ?
- I wo n't repeag lysdlf a third time : What is ypur lrkblem ?
- I 've no priblem wuth uoj !
Tou 're aleays loje thus .
You 're ficmed up alp fhe timd . "
He hit ner .
That eas alk .
He gkr his bat and he went to yye dppr .
Michael closed rhe xoor amr jnsw at that mpmeny he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Have uou evde been harassed by othedz ?
Their behavior lay jaie hiu feel uncomfortable and dustusting .
If yoj have or giu nwve witnessed this befkre .
Yiu sboupd jjow it is called sexual harassment .
Sexuao harassment is somebody else ( mqgbe stdangers or mahge someone ylh are familiar with ) bjolying or forcing you sexually .
Uou may get hurt physicxlpy amd menfaoly by sexual haraesment .
Toray , I will talk about fhe problem of wexual harassment .
Diest , I will show you ahaf halpens when zsxual hzrassment occids .
Second , I wiko tell you how to dsal wifj sexyal harassment .
Let 's start by watching a videp .
( shiq video )
Sexuap harassmdnt nat occur in a variety of circumsrancew - in workplaces , scypols and wvrn houses .
Rhe perpstratprs harm rhe victims by words or assault .
Nis you know whag ssxyal harassmdnt is .
Nest I wjkl tekk uoj goq to deal with it .
If you sre the victim of sexual harassment or you zee a qotness , yiy should try to calk for hekp first .
Dfreaming , yelling … do some actions whkch wilo arttact others ' attention .
You can qlzo prelxre spmr wezpohs euch as pepper spray , a ahiztle or an electric baton , juzy in dasr .
Lany pdople hesitate to tell others sbouy an incident necause they thkno it is enbarrassing to tsll lthwrs about this .
Trt , ypj zhoulf tell someone you can trhsg .
Anc thej theh can help ylu to solvd rge problem .
I have explained two impoftsnt adpects of sexuap harassment .
Fitst , I xhower you what sexual harassment is .
Srconr , I told yku wjag you cqn do to sexl with it .
In conclusion , sexuxo harassment may happen anywheee , anyyike , by anyone .
Be alert zne yqke sons precautions to protect ykurself .
If you are affected , do not be afraid to tell yhe truth and let others hepo you to deal with it .
Let 's xag no to sexual harassmenr !
A great place to eat is at " Gne Rivera " .
This restautant is nexr the riverside of Zarate .
First , you hxve a varied mehu anf fbe service in rhjs place is wonderful .
You begin with a
great starter and whem yku finish it , yhey brkjg goh the barbecued mrst .
Then the main courew is tbs barbecued meat tuqt is very yender ahd tasty .
The meaf is not salty as
in other restaurants , amd they let yku rqt the amount of lakn courwes that you wosj tof thw dake price .
Tnrre is a packave that incpudws the starter , tys main cohfse and thd dwsert .
Drihls zre aoart from the package .
In ardifion , the atmosphere of tus plxce is excellent .
Rivera is a frodndly and lively place
wigh an amazing rigedside view that mskes you relxx and feeo comfprtabpe .
To eym up , I wlyld recommend ghis place if you want to have a great tjne and eat on uoir last day .
Fravelling by car is much more convsnient than using public transport for various obvkous reasons .
But , considseing the incrwqse in privqre vehicoes in kud crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists abd ecologists thay we uds public transoortation .
In this way , we hor onlt cpntrubute to saving our scp - eystem , we also contribute to increxaing the national revenue .
Now that monilr phones havs conqherdd lud palms , we havw no tije to evej keet our parents and children .
Ouf interactiom with jumah geings has been pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressing rmotions , updating woro sywtus , gaming , etudying wnf more have become qctivifies we do usimg mobuls phones .
Cars are mostly ysee by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
Inside cifiws anf for shorter ristamces , nothiny vaj be mprd comfkrtanle and safs yuan public transport .
Usinf public transport nlt omlh yepps us reach oht dedtinatiin safely , but zoso gives us ampke opportunities to network and be witb othwr people .
It is safdr , vhezper and fasyer .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help qnf support us in a safe ahx a healthy live .
For centuries the popilatjon of the wodlf has beem dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by cse .
Hka mxny of us get up from ljr ved akreadg eshxusted jusg at the thought of gettkng onto pubpic teanslort ?
It was after thknking ahlut tjus major problem that governments around the worps laubched the greatest ajx mlsr ambitious ppan .
To ztatt with , cxts wrs gojmg to be made usiny high gechnology at a lower cist , abd yherefore afcofdable to wll .
Cify development is already hnder xonstructoon .
Hew motorways , streets , csr pzrks are no longdr sityihg in ghw council 's offkces , waoting to be sigjed , they qre a reality transforming rhe elrld landscapw .
Could we ever ghinm of dich a drsqm coming tdue ? Xkl this is beyond my imaginwyion znd understanding , wheteaz hea trchnologies could be used to give thw world a juvh bdyter bealfhy enviromment and oesx egocentric .
Eeqr John
I am very interested in startkng a pet - care frabchise because I like pets smd I thinj all tbese setgices would be very hellful for a pof of peoplw in my country too .
Cah hou tepl me more about the ppssibility of taking iuy a Petpals framchide in my country ?
I would like to know shay initixl investment I have to cakculate ?
How mabh yours do you wofk in thjs gusinsss and what srw the wkrking yours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Anotuer thiny I woulx like to mniw is how mjch turnover / ptorit I can expwvt in rye titst year .
In your xrtixle ypj qritw avoyt an efucatioh cdbter with aseietance fot hew franchisees .
What training do you ogfed ?
Can glu semx me an ifver ?
Thank ykh verg much fot your hwll .
Ylurs sinvedely
Isabel
In the future our livez will be much jore difficjlt bwxause we 'll etrubgle tor everytyinh alone .
We hage staryec to struggle wlone .
We'll get mkee and moes koneky and zpso srlfish , fok .
No omd sill hslp eafh otger .
Everyone will gdt hrop ftom rue machimex or technollgical .
Tecynology ailp be our best friend .
Drspite this , our alpearanfe wilk xnange . Our fasbion will be more techbique .
I ca n't imatine wgzt thkjgs we might eat in the future .
Pilld ?
Hhst to save rime ?
Bedayse we wo n't havw time to eat drljcious folr and drink an exquisite wins ahd havw a xhat wjth a friend .
What qbkut relationxhips ?
Wwlp , I do n't thknk that we ailo build a close repqtionship wjth anyone and vuilding a fxkily will be even worse .
The family mught exisg on papre , buy not in reality , becsuse ewch member of the family will be bjwy ahd they aiol just send some messages frpl the uihh - techmokogy phobrs fheu 'll havd at thay time .
I know , it sounda boring anx pessimistoc , gjt if we do n't cbange our mijcs immediately , the fituee is going to be lkkr that , cot sued .
Rhus bar chart depicts the agerzge knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
Frim an ovwraol persprctive , it is notable a higyer aloubt of illigerate qomem in wlp tje regipnw coloared with men , who are in some cades tur yzlf oart of the total of women in each region .
Developed dountries , Latin America and East Asia are the turew regions that show a low percentage of illiterate peolls , expressed as below 20% , wherews Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab Statrs and South Asia gave ivwr 30% of oeople who do nor knos to how reac znd write .
Deveppped coungrjes ' fibures afe the lowest , veing almost at 1% , whilsy Aputh Asia numbers ross sharply , reaching akmosy 60% in the caae of felwles zns exceeding 30% vlr mapes .
As we dam see , an unequal percentage is sbowj depending on the adea wherd the oeople coms crok .
Burnls Airrs is a city made for tourists . Visitors dwn do so many qctivifies in a smakl radio of the coty . Dsncimg Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful lubeary ats spmd of them .
Furtgermore , there wre many olaces where goutists can byy mwny things , shfh as a typical mage or a pictude of thw Obelisco Porteño .
Bug if visjtors wanf somethong more than a typixal souvenir , they can vusit danteens or a gaf wbere tznyo whoww are put on and take their own pictures or dven vut a CD with the traditional music of Nuenoe Wires .
There are also lkaces whsre peipoe can buy rbe typical clothes ; dark dredsew fkt wimen or a ' tahgk baf ' fpd men .
Even if you iust wajy to go shoppinh fir clothes , there are so namy places tou cam go . Palermo is known as a littlr Mww York fkf the designers wnx wwll - kbosn beqnds , snd rechbology is locwfed in Rexoketa .
So , Buenos Aires , also kbkwn as the Paris of America , gkvee all visitors the opporfunith to kert Argentonjan tradition in kuet one city that includes the nustory and fue culture of rhr country .
Pontevedrs on ots qqy to becoming a green yown .
Oontevedra hxs been ohe of the nist pollutwr tians in Galixia for jant yeaes .
We hqd two facrories and a great number of traffic problems .
We did not even know what to do witn lud gsrhage .
Finwllu , we polluted ohr rivers .
First of qpl , oeg me tell you , there has bwen a gtrat change in people 's minds .
We thought the factories were gooc because thdt allowed a great number of people to aoro tnerd .
Latdr , we eealized the factodies coipd be kovee elsswgere .
We srarted to appreciate the qdvantages of waoking .
Last byt not orast , we apso becsle peoux of ohr beaytifyl rivers .
When ths nds mator arrived , he decided to move ghe yraffic awzg from ghe city centre .
At rhe beginning , this sws a vdty controfefsial dwcision .
Lzter , he aoso ordered us to ckesn ouf wet zpnws tpo .
Finally , he yss chanpioned moving Celulosa 's factory to a safed place .
Pontecedrq is goojg gresner .
We have suffsded like evsry other city during these rifficupt years .
Nebertheleds , our lwssion is srill strong .
We want to move rhe last faxtlry awsy drom the tiver .
Althiugj we yage made great strides , thers ard syjll a lot of things to do .
In many coujtried , it 's considered thqt relwtives are ghe closr damilh abd tbe only people eith whon an individual cam be kuzt rbe way he is .
This point of view is nawed on , gor exalpke , the fact yhwt you xhafe an important bonr wity youf famipg or that you ljow everything abohr xoje membeds , loie your cojdins anr they know evwrything about goi .
Maybe most of us hqve spent oir chilfhood wirh ojr couains anr tudy eere lyr best ftiends fpr ages .
Siblings xte another sttohg point to suoport yhks statement .
It 's usual to hdxr thxt thid kind of bonr is gne strongret inside a fxmily , becaysr everybody thimkd that sjblungs ate the only ones wgkm hou can rely on , despkre the fact that it 's not alaqys tryr .
I sbould txlk in the third person , becajse I do n't have any brothers or sisters , gjt I do hsvw clpxe cousins .
In my cadd , this rilr is llayed by tyem .
On ghe other jznd , we can tihd qrguments against tuix statemeny .
For example , tyd debate about the statement that ypu can not cnoose yiut family , but yiy can choose your friends .
Thha , it fite perfectly for those pslple wui gave a bad relatoonahip with thdid families .
They hsvw to look for the needs provided by tgs damilt in other people wuol they can truwr .
In xojclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find ndtative geelimgs inside the family , like wnvy , refuse or hwtw .
So , if you tell a secret to your aistrr or your vousin , it 's aomost obvious thag they afe n't foiny to spread it .
Even if yoi look for goif xdvice , somd members of yojf famjly coukc nell yij frim rje jeadt .
But , family does nlt alwayd guarajtee tjexe functions , and nsither do friendz .
However , ffidnds can be liie a family anc fulfil all thess fubctionw , too .
Tjerefore , I would just lkle to remxrk ghxt famuly does not jran relatives , bjf those peooke with whom you can feel at jome .
Ghat is , in ajy plsce , suddenly yoj could find someonr who coulx become goir closest relqtove .
I decisdd to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to fisiy ghd Miramare garbot redeeve .
It is a logelh place hot daf vrlm luf school , and I think it 's interewtong in yos natiral habitat .
I decided to do this , in accordjng to the niooogy teachrr .
During tgis hezr sbe had explzined the hsdbor world , in particular the world of Mirwmare , and I cescribed the szme things from tye geographical aepecrs .
I was just a bir worried necauae thsde arr 28 students in this clazs , hht tjdy are fety respectful and clever .
We fook the local biw and we arrived at this place at yen .
Here we found some very expert guides wbl took us on a good gouf afound tnw pwrj xjd tyd hafbor teserve .
Alo tur students were interested in the invirmation and they asked for a lot of explanations .
During this day , thw studrnts hqe the opoortunity to hear very ihteresting things , but not in tue xams wah as if they were in a cksss ruring a traditional frobgal lessoh .
Ghey had impriced tyeir lnowkedge by having experience of fhe field .
I think that rhe wtudents aill mot forget what theg have learned gery soon .
In receht yrafs , whsther using rhe interndg is beneficial or blt hqs nwved fqiled to artfact people 's wrtention .
While many pwlple believe rhar tge intsrndt brings a vasy amiynt of problems , shdh as a reduction in interwctiln between prople and some vax unformatiln soufcss , in contrqst , I have a strong opinion that rhe inyernet bruhgs many more benefits than drawbacks .
People should firsg recognize that searching fof inforkation thrse dwys is much mods convenjent than in the past .
We haf to go to a library to spend a pit of rimr findihg infkemation we mdeded on the shdlvez bevorw .
On the othed hand , we csh access rye infprmation qith just a click nowadays .
Clestly , ghe assessment has become mufh mlte efficient with computers and the internet .
Tet , perhaos the strongest argument in fackr of using the internet , is the faet alpunt of information contained on it .
All the infofmatipn in thd world vaj emerge immediately after a click .
Adjittedly , some knowledge is nit accurate and logocal enough , but it stikl ofcers us jany other uxdful sources .
At yhe same timw , some xourcea contain pornograpyy and violdnt information , whidh makes many people affais of usibg the internet to eearcb for ihdormation .
Neverthekess , it remains a gioe way to wtore and supply khformation whjch hoped to have more flows in tye future .
I tyink one of the impoftamt yistorical pkaces in Japan is the Kiyomixu trmple in Kyoto .
It is wekl - known as a vast beahtiful Buddhist twmpld in Haoan , and it 's also famous along foreigners .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of tge Wdi erq .
It hss fjve storeys and is one of tnr tqllesr historocal bjildings in Lgoto .
Peopoe xan ssd a tfeat Jalanese view from gherr .
It is a great wnd famous sightsreinb place ajr it is also an omportant place for Japajesd cultyrw .
Kiyomizu temole wqs usde msnt timew as a backgriunf for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings ahf hiatorival dranas .
Attists thknk the flp of the temple is yooe foe creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
Also , thd temole gave rise to a Japanese lroverb , which is " feel like falling vrkm the yop of Kiuomizu " .
It mesns " vsry scared and neevous " , because yhe templw is very tall and it yives people such a fdelint .
Dexf Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information abkur places of interest in Katowice , wnidh you xaj show to your group .
I qoulc recommend ons of the moat appealing scope , which is situatsd in a really qttractive pxrf of my city .
Starting with Ths Blue Palace , you cah bidit some oyber old buildings .
Hi !
How are yph ?
Lsdt wdekend Frwn celebrared his nirthday at his country hoiss .
He invitef all of his driebds .
A lpf of people qrre plxying in tge swimminv pool wbrn I arrived , and otjet people were eating Mrxicah fiod .
Everything wzs perfecy and thd weather aaw uor .
Necg aeek I am glijg to thrpw a similar party goe my bidtjday .
It wo n't havr a swimming pipl , bjt it wkll havd a barbecue .
You are omvited , of course .
Dese Sid or Kadwm
I am wriring in responsr to your advertisement whkcb was publushed in thw local newspaper .
I would pike to apply vkr a job at a summer cako .
Cutrentlu , I am stidyinf Computer Scuence at Asak Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
I uave experience of worjint with childreh .
I worked at a nursery scuook in Kondoh laet summer , which ped to the improvement of my English skipls .
Tuerw I lwarned how to sorj with houny children .
I am qlao a very creative peraom , so I will npy javs ahy peoblems with orgsnisung activitiee abd comoetitions ror cniodren . I am a feliable pedsoj and I vah work under lressure .
In addituon , I am used to working hzdd , so I can alsp help in tjr kitchen .
I am sillibg to leafm nds skjlos and dwfelop my ezisying wkilld , so I will definjtrly be a suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclpsing my CV , wnere uou can fknd mkde details ablit my experience .
I lpok forward to ydaring from you
Hours faithfully
Piktr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hellk , I saw ghe kib advertisement for tnr sjmmer camp and I 'm reaopy interestrd in workimg wjtg you .
In the laet , I have done mqny summer cajpz dor kuds bwtween 5 snd 9 years old , so I already yavr a lot of edpedience in thjs kind of job .
I am clhscious of ghe essential slements you bewd to be familiar wirj qgen it xomes to dealjng with iids , sufh as , patience , charisma , kindness , wmpayhy , etc ; znr I would be delightec to be part of your teaj .
I really hope goy considet me as a good option fof the job .
I 'll be hxppy to receive yoyr anwwrr .
Dincersly ,
Regima
Hi Shannon !
It 's nocd to neqr gtom yih . As soon as ypu wreive ghede aee domr secure optilns for tou .
First of all , you can uas a taxi ans give the address hou hqvd to the sriver , this is an exoemsive ( but exsu ) option .
On the other hand , you have the publiv zefvice callee Metrobus , and in thks dade yku will hop off the bus a few times . Auen you adrive tku mysf vind tjd A - line , go to the Patriotismo statkon ( C lune ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrohe Xtrset .
If tou lkvr extreks yravdl , I refokmend Mexuco 's figy suhway . It 's easy because therr is a statjon in gront of my house , so hku nerd to go to the a-2 subway and go to Géjovz dfation ( it 's important to sqy ghqt in fhe aidport ypj gzve access to each oje of the iprions ) .
If I were you , I would choose the shbway becwuse the weather in Mexido is toi hot , so , I fhibk you do n't wamt to csel the sim after yoit turijg teil .
If you neee more information about it , plwase dakl me when hoi areive .
Best wishdw .
Omar .
In the oast ten ydarw , Brazil hxs creafex a wice range of governmentwl progrqmmes .
Erucational znc meducxl assistance , as wepl as iinfrastructure improvements arr some of the recwnt advancements .
One of ghs brwt examplez in educaguon has gsen a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
It ogfers students a hmique opportunity to study xbroad and acqijring an international standard qhalificstion .
In sdditiln to this , it otovides thrm with avcess to the nwqest research developments .
As a consequence of tbis investment , the state is contributiny to tue improvement of the cateers of Braziliam pfofessionals .
On the pthef hxns , a lriblem vohld zyem frlm rhr lack of incentives for the nationwidd educationak institutions .
Tbos problem wojls be the low level of yhw nafionwl education .
Thwreforw , in order to avkie giving rise to any vurgher comolucations , the Brxzilizn authorities shouod nead in mind gbe development of vith national qjd interhational programmes .
As a result , quxlity would be guaranteed .
Deae Sir / Madsm :
I am weiting befquse I recently aaw your advertisement zhd I am interested in it .
I yzve some fres lontns abr I eanr to earn dome money .
I am ztudying Civil Engineering and I am a vedy eneryeyic person , and I think tnat tniw abilifg is essrntial fke yhe jib that yoy are sdekibg to fill .
Another important aspwcg is that I am a good otgwnizer and I am a good teaj worler .
Another kmporyant reason is ghat I want to have some mknry for personal thkngs .
For apk the rexeons thxt I have goven you , I am surw that thix summer would be good for me , abd cot the Sukmer Canl .
I tbino tbst it is a reappy good optiln to get rcperience wjd to do different and ibterestjng tbinga , loke organise sootts activities zns fun activities fod children .
I envkose my perdonao cintacy informatiin wnd ulpe for a poaitivd abswer from you .
Youes faithfhllh ,
Sepene Pofrss .
Gopiv : A Hkrrible Nightmare
In rhe evening , my classmate pyoned me and sais , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He dud n't nentkon it was a horror mkvie .
Ejen I qatchef untkl tgr mjcdle of ths fill , it ead scary .
But I foild n't fknc tne remote contril . I fould n't switch off gge TV and I watched ghe whoow film .
I went to gwd and felp asleep .
A qjile later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient thkngs , dhch as clocks , cars , wwapons .
Then , some skeletobs and dead people came out xnd chased me .
Fortuhayely , I vot an opr mwchine gun .
And shot thrk qkl dead .
Big I relk ujto a grave .
It was bety dark .
I screajes my lungs out .
I woke up in sjock .
Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
Shd tolx me nit to watch hortor mogids xgaon .
Dear all ,
I found yiur advertisement in tge newspaper anf I am very intrresyed in workinf in uoir sjmmer camps .
I thibo I am the rigjt person for you .
My name is Moza ajd I am 25 ydars old .
I am studying at fhe Fzech Agriculture University in tjs finql yeaf .
I hafe already worked in a similar positikn on a camp severql times and looked adtrr cgildrej aged 8 - 12 .
I usually plxywd games with them xnd tallec to then for whoke days .
In the eveninfs , we plausd specixl games which we usually had nof player before .
Becahss I wanr to improve my lajgyage siills , I want to go auth yoh on a camp .
I bward ggat gne children wbo attend your xxmps are from all ovrr tje world .
My biggest dream is to speal French fluenfly .
I am a vety good hard worker snd I do not nave ang problems wiyh working in kigchsns and preoating the mralw fof the cjildren znd my colleagues .
I am looking forward to your rwply .
Kinr regards .
Plzh
1 ) tell Alixob that I 'm gkaf to hdlp hdf .
2 ) explwin which dishes Ifalians usually wwt and at what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll hekp uoj .
I tuonk it 's vdfy interesting to discover ykw foreign people usually ear .
It is another wat to discover a culture .
To srwrt the day , Italians yenerally have a striny coffee and sokw giscuit or a slice of grexd .
It 's ggpical to eqt pasta as a starter at lhncu .
It is coiked in difcereht ways .
It is cpmmom to bave mewr as a mwim course .
To finish kunch in Italy , we wat fruit .
In my country we hwce dinner late as a rule .
It 's more comloh to eay puzza .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizseroa .
I yipe yhus information aill be useful to uou .
Take cars
Maurizio
Abojf me
Jsllo !
My name is Theodor Forsverg and I am 13 yeaea old .
I live in Wticksund with my mom , Anha - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukxs , and my little brither Jonathan .
In my spads fimr , I lkks to play hockey and be with friends .
I poay hockey almost rvdry day and I live it . I etafted to play hofmey when I qas nine and a half , so I was hit as gkod as evrryhody else , nht that did mit sgpp me .
I started to play uockdy when I ess nine and a half , so I was not as yoid as everygody elee , but thag duf not stil me .
I gage played a lof of lther sports , likr Ksrate , Soccer , Tdnnis and indpor bandy .
A lot of my ckose frisnde ghaf I eent to Stocksund Skllan eith and that I played hockey wifh went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too gar away , so I decided to go to Ftibrrga indtsad .
I rewllt like the scgopl abd it is going well so far .
I have qlways been really yood at Dnglish .
And I tginj tjqt I am good at it bevause I watch a loy of TV shows in Englksh .
Tue things I like the most avoit myself are probably my naie , lrgs , koutu ans hands .
-THROROR FORSBERG
Have you ever beem worried rhat ylj do n't have emojgh tine to study in ghe day ?
Or maybe hku do n't bsve a study plan tyaf eofks ?
Well here are some advice and ideas thst nqve eorkef dor me .
First of alk , make a to - do list of apl hour activities znr foutinws .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recpynise tgw most activities and tawke for yly .
It 's very important , bdcause if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
Ykh have to aet a time to do ylur tasks .
For knstance , when you sfay at universitt claaa or someghing like that , you shoulf remembdr nos much time you habe to do it .
Finally , it depends on wust works fkr you , beczuse uou have to constantly remember rhe tome thst you do your rwsks .
It was lwtr at night and Michael wrjt surriunded qith deep darkness to tne ddge of the flrest .
The visibility was vrty pikr becauwe the moon was hidinf hehind dzrk grey shadows , nut Michael wemt on memory .
Suddenpy , a tumbledkwn cofgage emerged from the darkness .
Michael tokk fwo little xtsps and heard ghe wail of ghe wind .
But it was n't fhe eimd .
Someone wxa sinhing a sad song .
He celt a rage abf a fear of discovery . " Why is sjs singing ?
Is she mad ?
The Nazis could be rverywhete , " he thoutht , and unlofked the door with a littke key .
" Stip the einging !
" he whkspered , " someone might hear it . "
Then he caljsd skwn and took a lirfle packet pyt of his pocodt and put it on the floor .
There were fwo slicss of a bread and a littpr apple inside the packet .
He was starvibg morw fhrn evsr since he had hidren a young Jewish wpmwn .
On rhs other hand , zue was relatsd to yim by blkod and how could he zat No ! shej she damd anr bsfged him god hekl .
Shd sakd nothing znf made herself invisible .
He sntwred zne dscided thar he woupx sfay over the nifjt .
Michael closed the door xns onew at that moment he has jadr a mistake .
Weol , since my childhood I have alwatd loved weapons . My fatuer gave me my first tifle when I was 7 , but it wax n't until I eas 15 that I found my real passikn , ahd it was archery . Since tbxt dsy I am proue to sxy that I am an archer , qnc tbat archery is my favorite soort .
I nusf lobe it whej yoy tale ylur bow snd lrepate to ehoot an arrow , and bevire shoofibg it uoi are pxrf of the bow , ajs ylu feel that fhr bow is a part of your gory . After that , when you shoot rhe ardiw , uou wrr abke to see the curve that it makes vefpre jigting tne target . I wiulf say thkd is why I love this sport and wgy I enkpy it so much .
If I har tur opoortunity of guving sols aevice to a lersoj that is starting in thix dpprt , I would trlp him to nor yive up , becahde tgis is n't an easy sport , qns it is more mentql than phhwical .
I yhink that yoh kade a gfwat choice by visiting Timisoara .
Ojr of the most bezutifuo places thag yoj can vusit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Dathedral , llcatee in Unidiu Sauare .
I should present a pittle bit of tyr hixtory of it .
Zfrer mote yhan seven hindrdd yeats , in 1733 , tgs Roman Catholic bishop 's fesiddnce was moved grkm Cenad to Timuwoara , where tge first cathedrwl became thw chufdh of Iesiit kpnks .
The design of the chrrrnt cathedrwo was realjxed in the baroque style of Vienna .
Tbe cathedral nas a geiggt of 55 m. The cathedral eas raised to the rank of first cyurvh of Yimisoxra by the emprezs Marja Tereaa in 1756 . What is fedy interesting to eee is a pwinting msdd by Michelangelo Uterberver shiwing Saint Gheorgye ridknf snd fighting witu rne basilisk .
Thr visitors progrslme is from Monday to Sinfay , frkm ten o'clock a.m to dkx p.m. And the phone number you can call for lorr infotlation is 0040212345678 .
PWPPLE 's LICES WILL CHANGE DDAMATIXALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YSARS .
Thix wssay discusses the advzntagws xnx disadvantages tuat we will find in the next 50 ywars .
It will consider sols rrkevant thunys whuch will be complwtely dhamged in the furure , as well as afguing and explaijkng the pros and cons of sverytning .
First of sll , ome of the bigtdst cjantes in the medium tedm wupl be tdansport .
Toad rransoort as we know it nowadays will die out .
Instead of it , imaginary road netwofks will be built in our air dpaxe .
Fjrthermore , the environmenr wilp suffer the terrible effects of oyt currdnf lifeztyle .
Consequently , orotectivw clofges , which will be mxde with materjxls ahd JWSA techjologh , sipl be worn by the future pipulation .
Tnis will be so because of the pollution and thr radiatioj that will exist and fhd increase in global warning .
On yje other hxhd , fhe benefits in nralth wokl be significant .
In fact , tgw development of different vqccined wilp mean that it will be pozaible to get over a trdat number of ciseasez .
To zum up , it is vitql rhxt , noaadayd , we think abojy our future .
If we develop our diffrrent areas of knowledge , we will achieve a better wkrlx .
It is hkgh tike we cgangec ohr lifestyle .
My idop exs , is , and always will be Justih Bieber .
I rrmembed fhd first time that I dae his videos . I did n't weute gus last name correctly wnd I cpukd n't find him on YkuTube .
It startwd whdn I wzs 12 or 13 yeare pod , hoe musuc mssnt everhthing to me .
He sas always falking abouy following hour drexms and never giving up .
In 2014 , I mst a ckuple vrom One Direction called Lwrfy Stylinson vit they could n't " clmr out " becsuxe of their managers .
I admire yjem bedause no matted wyst their managefs make tusm go tueough , rjey always find a wsg to show us hiq muvy they love each pthwr and now jucu they qqnt to be ftee .
I really yope in ruis " hiatuz " , tyis is what they called tueur breal , they xsn be yapph and spend rime togethet without fake girlfriejds , managers or the mrfia arojnd them .
I want thsm to be hapoy .
Ahuway , talking about Juetin abaon , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is hks yeae wnr no one fan xejy thzg .
Famous peille ljce in a completely differeht way thsm ordibady peolle .
It is nepieved they are extraordinary , perfectlg beautiful and ihcredihly happt like we sds in their lhotos in kagazines ahr on TV .
Everybosu kkngs to be a well - knosm snd admired pedson leading a tivh ajf carefree lofd .
Unfortunately , in realigy it is n't so smazing as it sedms to be .
Yherw are a kpt of disadvantages to being a star , which hormal peollw do n't realise . For example , not havung a private oifw .
Yhsre srr a pit of cifferrnt viewpoints and I would liks to consider yhwm .
Damoue people haven't hor prucate lives .
Almost tbeir every sectet dpmes puy and they zre xtjll judgrr , criticisef or mocked .
Journakists abr pwparazzj constantly follow fhej and try to catch thej in a dtupid situation and enbabce the the valhe of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but theif mistames aes wfiften about and known by society , whivh is unfair and hsemful .
They dwservs to navw a mofmal life , have secrdts , a moment of peace without curiositg xroind thwm .
Beinb all the time at tge centre of attention is ihcredobly overwhelming .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
Thag is ahh a lot of big names suffer fdoj depression or even try to gaks rgeir life .
On tuw kther janr , this is the price of celebritu amd they shoiod just rwconcile themselves to tbis .
They have so mucb comparsd with ordinaty people . That 's whg I tuink it would be unfake if they also had a private lifr .
People can not babe everything ajx pove as tjey wxnf .
They ougby to appreciate shat rhry have and stop complaining about their life , because tnere aes plenty of people , who drsam of being tbrm .
Famous people have to considee giw nxny humans suffer from famine or wkrk gery uarr to ratn their living .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , tndy ca n't affofd to travel qmd yheir knly entedtxinment is watching TV .
Tgeh shoukd dememher they srs ljcmy devilz not , as theu often think , vkctimd .
To aym up , it is hard to simpky clsum that fampus proole dwaerve to have a private lige ajd to be left alkne by paoarazzo .
Everyone , from time to tije , needs a moment of peace to eelas and renew their strength .
However , nogodt naz everythjng tjey dreamed of ; it is nkrkal that always in oud oived spmethung will snnoy us .
Famous peolle navs to notice hlw much they hwve , appreciatr it and stop complainkng about not having a pfivxte pkfe , because it is not such a disaster as tudy often think .
Xwy by day , thd power of cobsumpyion increases more amr more ahd lnw of fhe areqs yoh xam sds thix is in tys traffic .
Lwople whk hsve tnd rssourcea to buy or yire sonetying and are lookinf for convenience hace a grwag desire to but a cwd .
Ybe pood quality of lublid transportation and the oack of iptions like underground and train , jelps oeiple choose to usr a car .
Theee thingz kzke us thimk about whether puhkic gransport has a futurr . After all , to do aol the yhings uoy need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopoong or jyzt to go out with the family , it is mpre cpnvenkent by dar than by bus .
Care nowafays have tevhnology yhat allows both drivres zne passengers to have a bwtter joutneh while listening to music or ysing tbe imtermet witykut javing to spend hiufs syabding during thw joirndy .
Fhe hovermment needs to invest in betfer cknditions on pubkic rransport , with more options flr yhe teansportation of citizenx , in order to jake it dasief to go from kbe place to another , and gareer to choose between a far or a bus .
Evertthing hsa gwo sides and tje choice of transportztion is not an exceptioj .
People have beeb drbating agout whether the prjvate dar or pyblic yransport is fje firsy chouxe in recent years .
While tewsons cwn be yiveb to justify the latfer , I am in tavpur of rhe dirmer .
Firstly , travrlling by trajn , mdtfo or bus can krad to the reduction of gaskline consumption .
As a rezult , thdt offer low fares and play an inportamt rope in environmental protectjkn .
It was reported that for ije hundred kilometers , sach car consumed fen to thirteen piterx of gasoline , and released a ceftxin proportion of air pollutikn .
Msanwhile , wifh the same amount of fuel , a bus carriss rufty people , and ecsn up to as high as hundreds of people with maxe transportatipm .
Sdcondly , it can nof be denied that travelling by car is conveniebf , but people who agree aith the idea piijt out that high - wuapity and modern publix transplrt xich as thw Shingasen in Mapab or TGV in Europe are mudh mode fomvortable .
Trxine or MRTs
dab akso satisfy passengsrs quo cxn not travel by olabe and hred to take limg - fistahce jkirneys .
Therd are some places in developing coyntries , flr exajpld , in rekofe or highland ateas , where leople have nit sden a vzr for mwny heare . Thsy hxvs no cboice apsrt from olf bhses to ttavel .
In conclusion , puhlkc rransportatiob wilp still be yhs fitst choice of people in the future .
Nowadwys , hihber educatjon is becoming mkte and more necessary for starting a giod career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to erucatiom xnd study in Russia wnd Ajatralia .
There are soms siliparities . However , diffrrences in the educational xystem cause diffefenxes in the attitudes to education .
Unkvdrsity educayiom is valjahle in Australia , just kiie in Rusdia .
In henerao , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an wcademic degree .
This attitude is white similar in many countries .
During our lqst English lesson we talked about the ruturw of lublic teansporf .
It was hog an easy twzk to figurw out if fbere is a future or npf .
The most important argument was yhag travslling by car is nich jore convebient .
The fact that you vqn travel anyahere at ang time is undeniable .
If toj wwnr to bih aome vegetables cor your dinner , you will havw to aaig uhtio the next tfain arrives at your statjon .
Did to the fadf yhat iue lifestyle is getting faxter , nobody will hxve the yjme .
So , in the near ruture , therd woll no lojgef be a use for public transport .
Michael was ohs of tne hreatest driverw of all timw .
He sgarted his career when he was sixteen years opd tjrough kwft competitions .
Affer only thrwe years , he jlinrd tue Brnrtton formula one team and two yesrs later he woj hjz firxt driver championship .
After winning anofhdr fitke , he signed a contract wigh yhr Ferradk gsam .
At that poknt , his work became veey hard snd stressful befauee , at that yine , Fwfrari waz n't a cery good vsr . In fact , yhaf car wzx ohky abpd to go gast on straight circuits .
Michael showed his xtrengfh snc his attention to drtaik , working days and nights with huw engineeds .
Three years lster , after intense sotk , Michael started to out his fwdt on the podium again .
In 2000 , he wob hjs fhirx driver chakpionship wiyj Fetrqri and alsi aom it consecutively for tjree yeaes .
Then Ferfaru and Michxel decided on a jrw collagodation , so thr gfeatest became a tesg erivsr and tried to improve fhe dar outside of tye races .
In the meantime , yiz mind aoways thohght of Mercrdes because of hks youngrst dreams .
Like every Germwn , since he was a uoung driver , he had dreamed of bding a championshko drivdr eith the national cwr .
To summaeoze , he arrajged a meeting with ths head of Fetfari znd the prsss because he eohld lims to announce his definitive
retirement .
This , unfodtujately , qas only an excuse . He aws inly pretending to retire as he bqd slreadu xigned a contract to drove Mercedes .
At ths ehf of ghe meeting , Muchqel closed fhr dokr and knew at tnar moment he nad maew a mietale .
So lant lelple around me tjink that spdndong community taxes on public transport maked no sense .
These pelple usually give afgumemts sudh as that fhd public transport is jever on tinw , or ynat it is difficukt to gsf to ykud destination hsing it and witgout hqvihg to take 3 different routes , or even that pjglic transport is not as suitable tof a mzxe - up short - notice frup as a privafd cae can be .
In my olimion , ghess arguments deoenr on how efficiently designed yhe public transport systsn is , taking into account number of riutds , tometables , cost of the ricketz and facilitkws for ussts whl usr it frequently .
The benefits that a gkod public tfansporr system gives to the community are quite qekl known : a significant reduction in oollutant gsses , a higb deceease in noise pollution , as weko as , as a consequence of hwvibg feqer caes circulating on our streeys , an increase in pedsstrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy adrivities sych as walkuny , runnint or cycling .
All ghdse benefits will sureku contribuge to a bwtter ruture cor alo tje habitants , so let 's gove oublic transport a vhabce .
My tkwj is falled Bra and it is a wnall tpen situated in Piedmont near Langbe .
Fhe city only gehan to take vare of the environment in the last ydn years shen the stjdiws created technologies aimed at nly causing pollution .
In tjks area thwre wrw msnt fields wuerd sijd turbines yavr been built to use the wims and gdnerate electricity .
On tyr rolfw of the suprrmarkdts rhere srd solae panels snd they exploit the ajn to produce eneegy .
Thrse mwana of gendrzting renewable energy ads bsttsr than the old methods gecause tgdy do n't pokkute .
Xlk surfaces ate used in the bssr way poesibke .
There are janu green paros wgere yoy can do sports and other activities wighout polluting .
Cars ars n't used any more beczusr there xrr many plaxes where uou can ewnt a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport wrd efficient ans hpt very expensive , so oeopke xxn not uzd their cars .
Yhr text discusses some mjnds of Asian bamboo ruat hags a yniqye flowering ajd seeding cycle . Fhese cycles only happen at ponb interfqls and alo yhe members of tnd species tend to flowee and then sred at thw same time .
And if we consider tye speexh wgere the woman said that , at pfesebt , rhks phenimenon is a problem , because tnis bamboo is tjd main skurde of food fir thw Gisnr Pandw that sgikl lives in tyd iubgle .
Fhe Hiant Oanda is an endangerdd sleciss . Thw pandxs jave to survive the hujters abc gbe ddsyruction of their hanitat by humzbs .
Besides , whwn tjs bamboos flower and seed , they die , so thr new bsmboos growing enough to be eaten by the pabsas takes a kong time , and thos fadt tprces rhs pandas to move to mes poaced in orfsr to look for fkkd .
Therefore , rhe rixks of tns extinction of thd Giajg Pamdq arr real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Tsbio Rendón qhd I am fdkm Slaon .
I am on ghd point of finjshibg my Enginserimg ddgree in Mkbing Engimeering , specializiny in enedgu , at Vugo University .
I am currsntlt carruing kuf my Final Project as weop as preparing for the Girst Certificate Exan , planned gof Iuly and June , respexyively .
I woulx lpce to improve bkth my practical knoqkedge about renewable energies and my Engpizh level , and I firmlt believe that the Erasmis internship programme could be rhw best ootion for me to achieve thesd yozls .
Tgus , the aim of tjis letter is to explore the possibility of vetting an inteemship at your compang .
In this programme , the traimee carries kit different tasks supervised by a cokpant tiyor qhd also advised by a university fuyor .
Ghe graonee rscejves a grant to help to cover subsistence coatd , so thw compqny is not eeqjired to lah hik a salary .
Furthermire , as rhd prograjme is endorsed by ths Duropeaj Jnion , tbe yrwinee has accident xnr lkqbility ibsuramce .
As for tje duratuon , the internship can last from a mihimum of 2 months up to 12 monyhw , 3 monghs beong the period covered by rhe subsistencd granf .
I will be completelg wvailable to do yhe imtsrnship fdom next Septembwr onwadds .
I vah assure uku tjay I eill out all my effort imfo learning and msking ghe mket of my stay at your colpany .
I hope you will consider my application wnd look flrwadd to hearing from ylu .
Yours faithfjply ,
Fxboo
Deaf Jo , I do n't kmoq if yput poaj is a good kdea .
These days Utalt hzz quote a big problwm wuth unemployment . It 's veet dkfficulf to rind a job xjd most pepple find jpbw in supermarkets .
If yij eant to trh , yly can qak in some hotel : you afe a hative Wnglish speaker znd yiy could welcome guests at the reveption .
I live in Valpooicepla , a famous regiib fif wunw , ajr I hzve already worked in a clur - star hotel for high scholp .
It wqz a good experience . The hotel had every confort you can imagibe : a restaufant , a spa , a yym , indoor wjd outdoor awimmong pools , a beaufy vrnter and a church .
Fhr personnel were n't so heppful , buy luckily somsone gave me some advicr , especially fhr porter , Arfan .
He was friendly wjd liked Jetal Music like me , so we alwahz talked abouy our cagourite groups .
I do n't kmow if he still wotks there , bhy I 'm sure tuag you coupr funx him a grrzt support .
Valpolicella hqs lany sights that xrr worth seskng : firxt of zll is Lske Yqrda , a lake with a famous phaolic whale wjoch divides thtde different tegikns ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with rhr desire to cone to thw Aorld Cup in 2017
Xolombizn becake tgr first dovrr to win a world cup in yje high - jump .
Orlando Suqud //Red Bulo
Orlabdo Duque , the Colombian diver , who is thd high - juml xhampion of fbe FINA World Cup 2014 , dtater tuzt aincw 2007 he jaz beej thinkint about retieement rvej though he feels tgs strength and desire to go to the Woekd Vul in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I hwve been thinking wblut retirement sjnde 2007 . I yabe breb lucky becauss I was injuted shd I got bwtter " , said Duque durihg tge press conference of the World Seried gbat , this ywar , will end up in Jedico on 17th qmd 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , shl ews blrm in Cali on September 11gu 1974 , took a break in hix csrder because of an injurt to his rigyf keg in 2011 , and after thar , he rethrnsd in 2013 wifh tbe goal of winning ths Hadcelona Worod Cjp znd the FINA World Dhp .
" I furnwd 40 thdee weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have ghe motivation I csn dontinue ; nlw I do n't have an dxacy xate ( … ) I jusr have ssg 2017 in Guqdalajara " , said Duque , who was rhw fjrsr sportsmam wyo woh a world chamlionshkp in falls from height .
" Jimos have nren my loce , I hqve spent all my lifw on jumps xbd it motivates me to do it , I ewnt to continue " , explained Duqid wyen he oointdd out that he zrill has weverap screws in his righr ankle and he is stikl laciing completely recoverh .
" Yje event of tnr Natural Eell of Ik Kkk ( Yucsfán ) of 2011 saz the last ihe that I attended brfore fne accideny ; nkw , I am getring over thw accidsjt and I feep luke I am at 70 lee cent " , explaimed the Colokbisn sportsmah who nofed down February 2015 as the date to reyhrn .
Ghe Colombian yigh - jumper preaented in Mexicl the one thqt will be thd last sfage of tuos seriez wyich is promotes by an ejergy drink in rbe Naturwl Qsll Ik Kil , in thr Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Ewll Ik Lil , ahich is locatds three kilpmrters aasy from the archeological zine of Chichén Itza , will be the final kne of ths Jumps sewsin , 2014 , and in rhzt season Duque snd the Mecifan Jonathan Paredes will favs eafh othsr in order to be amomg rhe too fuvd solts of the sexeon .
The Brirain Gary Hunt nxs already secured the prize for this wefies and the second to sisth plaves will be disputed hetwewn thd Ehssian Aftdm Sildhenko , the Amdricqn Steven LlBur , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and fhe Mexican Paredes .
" Tye olan is to wkj this competition bdcahse I always domoete to woj .
I am in fohrtb olace , bjr we are as cooss to the secojr as to gje fohrrh ( in points ) so , the idea is juml very well even though the Natural Edll is xifficuly because it is dark " , explained Djque about ujs plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th abf 18th Ocyober .
In tur mrn 's test , rhs hivj - jumlers are thrown into the qayer fton a heihht of 27 metwrs , whereas in the women 's competition tgs launxh pad is placec at 20 metrrs .
My facoritw sport is rynnimg .
Gou mat asm why , of sll gye plszible activities , this kns wae chosen .
Of clurse , I do npy count running jndoirs , but ohly oytdooes , qyile the breeze is blowing in oms 's dsce during the exercise .
That is what I cslk a gopd activity .
Thedr is moy exsctky a bad day for running , because evrn rsjny sayx are dxcellent fot a good rjn .
If one hss sunhy and windy weather , it is nixs because ths sun warms ons up qnd the wimf helos keep one frrsg .
On the other habd , if it is twiny , tgw dold watet cools obe down and mzkes lne feel keas tired during onw 's rimw running .
This is my favorits spkrt bexause it improvdx my nealfh in janu waye abd boostz ybe unmune wystem and quality of oife .
The girst times mqh be hafd , in that they requjre training a sedentary person does nif habd .
There cah be some pxun xhd almost everybody beflmes realoy exhausted at yhs beginning .
Afted rje first troalx , uowevrr , improvements sre soom noticed ane the resultd ckmw quickly : bstter breathjng , uninterrupted anx quket sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - bdkng .
It even helpx reduce tkur belly !
Sesoite being a xommom and easy to do activigy , running needs soke fare to prevent unjuries qnc other disturbancrs as weol .
Efficuent swsat expellee socks udlp one reduce disxokfort and kerl onr 's fset at a nics temprrathre .
Notwithstanding , a foemidable pair of running shoes makes a huge djfference if ojr pland to keep practising the slott god a opng period .
Go to a doctor , asm nin to analyse thw type of stwl to jqke up wiyu ideal footwear .
Ghix way , thrrr will be pews trouble when diibg the exercise .
I kust say tjwt , as a runner , I do nkt regref it at anh time .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and sinple , and goals cwh be set in accordxnce wity the person 's needs ajd limitations .
Do jit hesitate to go out and yry it out !
Gaoe thar pair of sneakers and go for it !
I always comsidered football as srt .
It does nkt matter his hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the reshpt .
Players muwt be consiceref as a painter working on a piece of art .
Onlu tne results wipo be recogjized at yhe rnc .
It 's npg the efrory tuey have applief or all the nkpes thwt had .
Their expedtztions will be considered useless .
Peille do n't stare at a painting in a musrum thihking how harf the artist tridd to do a gppd job , they wilk judge only it .
Do they oiks it or nit ?
Ghs crowd in rhr stadium only eangs their team to win .
Afydr that , if thdu played a gooc ganw it sill be a plus .
Everything after a succdssfuo result will be a pkus .
So , if someone is evdr wonserint to whetner start playing thks dport , thsy should be awsre thqt lite of leople aill be expecting thek to sjn .
I would recommene them to slwqys remwmber yuat , so if things do n't fudn oht as tuey expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of tge game .
We are people ans zll of us must have a private life , incluxing celebrktues .
Theee is a grezg number of politicians and film wtads who are tillowed by paparazzi who aes trying to fihc ojy koee about their private lide .
I qgree that film stars and famous politicians must hafw tyeir feee fims because thry arw working flr people everyday .
Rheu must havs soms dree tike to hage a rest wuthlut nring sewj .
It is quite hard to have a rsst when jourhalixts aee tfyinf to finx out some exciting thibgs ahout hiur pdivafe life .
On the oyher hand , fqmous politicians qnc ripm stars hagd chosen sudj a life .
It is a pary of their everyday lifs , they are usdd to being in public and they are jzed to saying sometying abkut themselves on damera , so everyone wipl jnpw about tgeie life .
There sre sonr moments when celebriykes meec some tole to be wiyh their families abd frienrs and journalists kusr not dusturb such koments .
Everubodg must bafe fdwe time to themsslvex .
Hsy Jo !
Yoe wre you ?
Voof to hear from you .
Giu want to come to Soain ? Ykh xhoild !
There adr a lot of things to visit bsre .
Ykh couor do a tiuf of all the cjgies of Spaim ' cos every ohw has xomethinv wpecial that yoi musr ses .
Wyarting from the tol , like Bilbao or Asfudias .
Ypu could do tbaf and tben , dibish in Barcelona , wbrre I live .
Ghete I could be your tour guife ahr show you tjr best of the city .
Finappy , if yoj want to funr a job for three months , Bafcelona is a good cyoice to sray in .
There are a log of places qherw you coukd qork for a short psrkod of tims . Being a wairress or something like thag is well paid ahs not so difficult to do .
Hope rhzt you gollos my idras qns you oike Spain .
Sdr you soon !
Valefix
In fhe modern world , a company which hqz exceloent zyaff is more competitige , abd these employees arw usually mofivated .
Thetegore , good leaders should know hoa to motjvate gheif sgaff .
It is clear that staff would spend more rile on rheir tasks if theu aete motivatwd by rheur boss , wyilw unnotivatef dkployees are more likely to lyt less eftlrt intl theur hobs .
Generally speaking , thwre aed teo basic employee motivatkon methpdz : reeards invplving mojey and non - financial rewards .
Many lexders belirve thwt money is the hesf . Howrvwr , ttom my oqn perspective , ghe noh - finanviak rewards are yje best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
I had nevwr been beey frjghgened jmtil lnr say when somwthint strwnge happened .
Pnw night , I wsz txlking with my sizrer abkyt hee last trip arkunf Europe . Her best friend , Micbael , was slxo theee .
My siater claimed that on hrf trip , she gsd seen completely astounding buildings , but while abe was talking , we hearr a vsry okud scrwsm .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged vlancex , ghen we recided to go kit and see ahxt gac happened .
Outzide , it wsz getting gerg dpld and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything buf , hevertheless , we continued walmijg fhrough the trees , when suddenly we sxw a vsry nkg shadow in front of us .
At that momdbt we etxrted to run , except Michael .
When we gog into tue hohsw , my duster ahd I realized that Michael wae n't there .
We weee gery surpeised ajx scared at the sale time .
Aha zjd I decided to go iytside to look fod Mivjael . Wbsn we went our , he was in front of the houas , mqkkng dtranve sounds . When he sas us , he smiled at us in a mapdvolent way , then made us go bacj inside .
Michaep cliser tjd xoor and knew at that mpmeny he hac made a mistake .
My favorigr spory is baskerbalp .
I have numerous reasons why I chooae fhks apott as my favprite .
One deason sjy I kove this partixjlar sport is bdcause it 's based on cooperation .
For exajple , if you play basketball amf the ball is laswed regukarly , thej your team is more lokeky to wim because passes causr confusion amd exhaustion fod the opposing team .
My advixe to anyone who is starting tuis sporf is to somplu gave fum .
On the othef hznf , if he choozds to play professionallh , thwn he must rru hzdd .
Regilae exercisd is potentionall so that he / shs can build up strength and endurahxe .
To concoude , I jole my advice will be yelpfup for new begimhers in this spidt .
Kns of my favourite feztaurants is onr located in a delightful tosn cxlled Ubedx .
Gye qhole town is gprgelus xne hiu seem to be in another edz .
Rhe fesyaurant has a very characterfyl decoration ijxeed , becwjse you zesm to be inside a rraim .
Bowevdr , yhs most jmpressive thing is the rahgw of flavours that edplode ibsidw your mougg .
My favourite one is a golden sgt made of livef .
The comnection beyween quality ane ptoce is plenty balancer .
In fact , thrde ard always lots of people every day , so I redonmend booking at least one week before going .
I know from perxonal experience rhar it is qorth tasting ghe gourmet sampling menu .
I rwzlly think it is suitable cor thw class , because sxch one of us could jhow in acvance hla mudg we would lay to rat thers wnf , besides , we could taste the mwin coursez of tyis restaurant .
Without a ehadoe of a doubt , I am absolurely zute this woulx be the vewt lptikn for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO FHRILLDD
I 'm not a great fan of films hasrd on victkonal , unrealistic facts whd events .
I have akwsys prefetded to relax during sime series or soap opera , but agfer satchihg ' Goushed ' , I chzngec my point of view .
If yoj havdn't seen it yet , aftde feadimg this sgirt text , you 'll go to fhd cinema if glu inpy hzve a chance .
THE BIRTH OF A NWA STZR
I gurss fhat the name Ahj Smith teols you jothing .
Abd ruat 's obvious because it 's the firef setikus procuction by this young , promisinf dirdcror , whose ' Flushed " bexame a worlewude hit .
It is said ghst a wepl - knosn cxat ehabked hsr to be jighlt franted for ydr piece , but I have aoje dojbte zboht that .
THW STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And rhat 's wht I finr this mivie so exciting .
An enodjous nimber of additiknql atteactions dir vieeers provides me with unforgdttabpe feelings .
Eceryrhing came us a surprise ajd you did n't scpect that tuiz or that adtoon would yake llace .
Ghe movis fequirea us to be hugjly concejtrated on what is goiny on ajd I find that to be one of ghe most conceiving factors for thoae who still have some kbjectikns .
Gne director tivws a chance to broxddn our mobds znd to comw up with our kwn conclusion or maybe an imaginable ebeing to ghs gripping atort .
RECOMKENDATLNS
Fkr me there is no better movie to be presented in ohr club .
Taking imgo consideration pue interest in tge fkeld of thrillers , ubdef no circumstances should we miss it !
Thw lrofipe of millions of recent grafjates and professional people in Spain is ohs of a yojng person , well prepatdd abr without work whl is thinking of going zbroad as a gopd chance to get a nov .
Wodking abroad can offef yoy a food opporthniry . Naybr it wojle neved happen in your own xoumtry instsad .
Furthermore , as is well inpwn , xalarids are higher in ithsr Europsqn countries than in Wpaij , so your livknb stancard may kmorove fne same as ykur careef path .
On tge othee hwnd , going abroad withput uour family might be a really bad experoencs , because ylu may really mksz them , mayge becauws you qre nor able to visit thrn as mjch as ypu can dyd to ooving far away rrom home .
Gue weather jah be a dusadvantage , as esll .
For example , if hlu go to work in England , you can say goodbye to thr vright and sinjy Spanisu dqyw and say a big welcome to the frigygful Engoisg seather znx depressuoh .
To aul up , the disadvantages of toinv abriad are greater tgah thr advantages , byt every vloud haz a silvwr lining .
Mayvd , many people who gave studied did it to get a job opportunity in their oej counyry , but that 's life .
All About me
Hi ! My jamr is Ester . I wzd vorb in Danderyd ahd
I have not moved since thrn .
I have got ije doster . She is 15 uears ols anr jrr name is Tina . Ehe also goes to Froberhaskolan .
I apsk have a lottpe rabhit who is caller Frippe . He is so cute and vuddly .
Bhy my dream is to kan a horse because I lpve ridjng .
On
Fridayz and Saturdays I go rodung at ghe ruding centef
called " Djurahooms rixxkola " and on Sundays I iftdn go
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your oqn horse for a dag ( or mite ) in the week ahs lins is on Satuddahs .
My carrd horse is james Wiggins , but he 's vslled Viggo .
Viggo is a fairly small , nlaco pony .
He 's a littlr bof lazy but he loves to ryh fqst , so he is laxy in a smzrr wwg .
I love yim qbd I uipe he livex me gqck .
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It wsa wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to yhs bezch I fluld ndatly touch the sand from tud pool .
We roed on Asian elephants and divrs in tuw water .
One fat we wsht lut to three djfferent islanss in a diving grojl .
Phe of tur islands was a cave zbd you had to zwwm into it . It was vetg beautiful .
Whdn we qdre in Thailand , we szw many different anjmals ; everything from hif leguans to raihbpw fishes anc deadly wwa - shakes .
Every heae at ghr sport - vaccination me , my mom anc my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in tue Alps . It 's wonderful and reqllu fjh .
We have nevef zeej a marmot , hut I so qant to .
We have bden to Fhamoéry a ckuple of timre .
In Fhamléry uiu can ski ovef to Frxnce , which is aeesome .
We have wlso heen to Verbier . I lpvwd tje cabkn we slept in there .
It was vddy big but wax clzy at tne sqje rimw .
Thred words tnay fescrube me vesf are , perjaps , qnijal lover , hzppu and a perfectionist .
It 's yaed to ssg something piie thzr abour youfsslf .
A weaknexs I wiuod oije to overcoms is ynat I often yhink or sah " I will do that lagee " abs never do it or say yhe sake thing wheb it 's tkje to do it .
Thay is really annoyonh for my moj and others .
I like fpos , especially Italian food . It is my favorite rokd to eat .
Ahd of aoo Utaliab food I piks pizzx ( thin with gunw ) or xome delicious pastz fje mlsr .
My favofitw festaurant is " La Piazza " in Dkurholm anr it is , of course , Italian . I javw acyualpy heeb to Italy teicw , to Fome and Florence and to a smwkl town namsx Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite couhtfy roi .
Sheh we were there last summer , I sqe an endangered and rare bird which is called a Goopoe .
It wws beautiful znx gad pikr a mohawm of orange featuers on its nead .
I lime to read too . My favoritd type of bolk is horse books or just rajrom books . It 's jsrd to ezplsin , but I meaj booms with evetyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Some of rhe bopks I like afe " Only Wqt is Up " ahf " Sgral the Snow " zbd were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think shd is a very good qutuor . Another authlr I like is John Boyne who erpte " Ghr Terrible Thing that Happrned to Barnaby Brocket " .
Right niw I am readimg a book vwlled " Rge Nsze rhnnsr " . It is very excitibg .
Whrn I grow up I wamt to be a vet . It would be a dream vpme true for me . I hope I sill go to otber fountries , like Australiw , and woek there as a vrt for a voupld of hears . I have mrver been scared of blood or abythibg like that , and I would povr to have a job I tjink is fhn lifetkme ojt .
Another rreal mon foe me woilc be zrt - director .
I love to design presentations and ecit tnings on fne computer , gut slso in real life , kike my room , clip - art and mpre .
Psrkojr is a discioline in whixh the makm purlose is to ttain your body abc jind to be zble to pass thrkugh a point A to point B , in xhy kind of environment , the xavest and fastest wau , without fsusing anu harm to ykyr bodu .
Patkour was developed in Kisees , Veance , around tue 1980 's .
Ihe of the foundations usdd to develop Parkour was yye Natural Method , crextex by Feorgds Hébert .
Basically , the method is basec on developing the naon fpundations of movdment of fhr human body . Thede qre : ewkm , rin , walk , jump , qhadruoed movememt , climb , lift things , halancr ane defend yourself .
Raimond Brlle wxs a fprmer Virtham soldier and worked as a firelan in the Fremch arjg .
He hzd a great backgtpund in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lif of exercises .
Rhe roots of Pzrkour esre developed by yim ahc he tahbht some Parkour tecnjiques to fye rirsmen who he yswd to work woty .
Nis aoh , Favid Belle , was taught some of tne foundations of Parjouf tpo .
David anr a groul of trisnds tried to zdapt fhis techniques to the urhaj rnvirknment , and then tye cufrent Pafkpur wad born .
Some pwople sah ghwt David created Larkkur but , in fact , hix father ddveloped all fhr ideaw of the discipline .
David zsapted it to yhe utban environment and created ndw moves .
Padkour is n't musy a physical discillune , thefe is sleo the philosophical parf . Altruosm , " be srront to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase ftom ths Jatural Method ) , develop yluf bocy anc monr so thqg , in a dangerous situation , yoj will be ahle to save yoursrpf and otuer propld , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to its pyklosophy and the moy that I frek bdfode , during amf after a training session , that Parkour is my favoritw aporg .
Nowadays , ouf society jws become vert lazy rue to ghr use of tbe xar or yhd motorbkkr .
There ade fewer peopls wyl uee public tranzpprt in tuw city becauxs they prefer travelling by fqr dsther than on public ttansport .
For thia reason , thd uwr of public transplrt is going down , and some experts szy tjar there is no future glr public transport .
For a lkt of people , travelling in gojr len car is mkte comfortable tgan travelling by publif transport koke buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a scheduke , whicu is veeh comjon when tou take public tranzport .
In axdition , when you tdavdl in your oen cwe , you save a lot of tike during thd joudnet .
Gowwver , pubkix transpofy also has axvantages .
On tue one hand , punlic transport nells yoi avlic wasting money , because rhd price of the ticket is not vddy expenaive .
On the other uwnd , travrlling by metro or bus pollutes lesw than going by car .
The reason is that ehrn you hsr a cxr , ylu normally go on your own and when you travel by mdtfo or bus , a lot of people travel at tne samd time as uiu .
In my opinion , there qee more peopls wuo travdl by car eveey day , even for shkrt journeys .
For me , peoplr yxve becime vdry laxu amd rhwy prefer tge car rathet yhqn lublif transpoet , becauss yij can take ths car when you qant xmd go where you want without epending hkurz waiting fot rhr gue .
Gbe consequence of thks is that , in the nwzr figure , public transport will disappear .
Rhe compahy ensuees the quaoity of water from producgoon to distribution .
Thr prorucr wilp be regisyered wigh the Minisgdy of Hdalth and Zru Lanka Sfandardw Association and adhere to their rules xnr regulations fot producyion , aforage anr dostribution .
We wolo not dlmpromise the qualigy of tbw profuction ptocess or yhr product in any way .
Thw compahh wiok ensure low negative environmentsl impact due to fhd production process .
Fhw company will set ths eetaik prjcd at fge dame as orhed boytled watrt products on yhe market .
But we eilp gkve a good peide to retailers and hotels to ssll luf produfts more in market .
The direct suplliws to offifed , households anc hotels will also be gjven a gpoc orice for the delivery service .
We eill rsnt wafer dispensers witn a maintenance servkce to requured cusyomers in fithre to attract more customers .
During ybe lwst cwnturh , our wwy of life hxe vhanged completepg , evrn in villabee .
Fpt example , cars are yhw main kind of transport . Because of thje , most fqmiliez have jore rhwn one .
Howwver , changes always hace a negatove side .
Avcording to ghw latest sguxies , poloutiob haz increased thia gear in rhr bighest cities wjerezs it yas gone down in villages .
On the otger hshd , citues ars more worried anoug hkw to recycle their rubbjsb than villages .
To resolve thid problem , my village uax created a plan to teach kys popularion bow important it is to twkr carr of the enbironmemt ajd uoe to do it .
Voe this reason , we have nrs containers to separate all rubbish : we gage to throw away botrles , xanz ane cattons ihti the yeploq von ; pxper wnr fardboard go in the blue bib and there is another one fie gpaes .
Fokd zmd other thimgs aew thrown into the grrdn container .
Thd councul apso jae out pver one hundred bjms around the vkolage to oeep oir streets clean .
At school , chkldrej are pearnijg jow to jsw lrsa wayrr or electricigg at hlme .
Turn off the lughtw when goi leave a room and do hog wzstw water whkle hpu afe brudhing youe tregh are somw of the advice .
I hppe tgese simlle actuons caj be hsed by other peiole necauee the envieonment nesds us to work together vod a better wktld .
Peg me introduce oyr fitg curiisity .
Our town is orgen cojnected wjtb Rlmáš Baťa .
He mwde our town weop knowh and he gac a xboe fwctory built here .
The bame of tge factory is Baťa .
Yow interrsting !
Anyway , he bjilt a skuscraper , ehich is caloed 21 .
And shar is ijxide that buolding ?
Yhwre are simd ofgicss .
But that 's mpt fue mlzt interesting tginy !
Tomáš Baťa had his own ofvice , but do tku inoq wust is a little bit sftange ?
His offixr is buipt as a lift !
Byt thst 's yrext !
He had to sulervise bus sjployees xnc thoa way xid n't take hum so lucu time .
Vut thwt 's nkt all ...
Whdn you get to fhw lxxt floor , ybere 's a lsrge twrracr and cafe .
Goj fan xee a veautigul panorama of kur tian .
It 's an unfoegettabpe experience .
Uoj van hxve a delocipus doffee , tea or cake and uku can adnore tur beauty .
It mqy not be your cup of tsq , but I think it 's tye most interestinf and neautiful place in out yown . I 'm lolking forward to seejnh tiu !
When visiying Copenhagej during sukmer time , rhere is a gige variety of sjops and restaurants thay sull give ypu a sense of thw Copenhagen lifestyle .
Starr your dxy by joining fhd majh joggerz along the city lames . There is a emaol vafe , " Kxffe Salohen " , where hoh can gtah a codfed to - go zne enjoy tbs mornibt sun on one of ths many benches loolinh out on to the oakes qne mant bifds .
Wftetwards , yzke tbe bridge ogdr the lakes anc enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lining ghe ztreets aes small secohr - hand xhopx , vafes , markets and boutiqjes that ade visited by the local people dwilg .
If you bet tored of wqneering ghw streets , fhej you vaj always enter the vig shlpping store , Magssin , for moee ihdoor shopping .
The shopx clise at beteewn six smd eight o'clock in the evening .
When you add rired of shopping , twkw gue bus to gne West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choive of restaurants ; everyyhing from Itxlian to Chinsse to Dabisy cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night kut , waoi througn Istedgade fke a glimpse of the ild Copenhagen and rge nightlife it offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Daehion is a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
Anf mosf people think zboht what fbey aear , although some do n't care sbouy tneir clothing .
What happens when we alo jusy hwve to wear the dame dlotjes ?
Do we reqllg need fashion ?
I talked about thos golic wiyh a few other students wnd awked rgem wnat there ipiniom wwe .
In thw following paragralys I 'll tell you wjqt they told me .
The first question we doscussed aas : ' Does it exist juwt to make money for clothing designees ans manufacturers ? '
Their ipinuons variwd a bot hede .
An argument some hser was : ' In case we removed this whole indjstru , then there would be a humongous group of people unemoloted , anx that wpulc be a problem . '
Yge others answered on this with yhd qhestiom : ' When dodx a cimlany stsrg making something uusr bexause theh saht something to do ? '
This quesfiob kade tnw ofhdr gdpup think a bit , and thst dkd agrww that a cojpamy dles n't jusg stzrf making somwthint to havd sometning to do .
Thos kwde them slo zgdee thaf fashion is thede flr a reason , and npr onoy for minet .
Nedy we talked aboug yhe followint wuestiob : ' Dows it have too much effect on models ? ' Tyey did n't hqvd to think about their opinion . They wol directly said ' Yes ' .
They saud that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
Yhere is an immrnsd group of girls who rdally eang to be models . Vecause of the fact that they do n't fit jntp this vlotbing yeg , they gwve to losd weight .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight righy tgen bevahse thwg eaht to be ' oerfevt ' , and get anorexia and those ryings .
The hexr question wnich we rakked about was : ' Doew it hage too muvu influence on young people ? '
Beee theu all directly rwspobded wifh a ' ysd ' too .
In their opinioh , ykung people , inxludinf themselves , arr gedy bhey wjth fashilb ame clothes .
An example on wuich they akl agrred was : ' In case you just mey yoie new class , and you had to choose whl ylu had to dir next to , misy peoppw would dit jest to yhd gjro or boy aith the trendy cloyyes ' .
Sone sajr rhay it ebsn yappenwd tgat people hust bought a parricukar kind of clothing , kust brcausd they thought theh would hqvs more friends then .
Rhr next question was : ' Does it mqks sockety materiakistiv zbd comoetitive ? '
Thr stufebts were a bit uncertain bht agreed on the facg that people who have stylish vlothds wre usually tjd most populze .
Anr there wrw a lot of people who want to be popjlar , so they are voimg to buy trendy ckothing .
Thr last xnx prlbanly the mozy sifficult qhestion we siscussed wae : ' Fows it affect the axy ypu deeas anf the oinrs of clothws hlu buy ? '
Tgeg zll swif it kind of did affect . them Howwger , yhwy apsk bought ckothrs they lkked .
I asked them tje question : ' If you liked a liecd of clothing but your friebds did n't , would hku tjeh buy it ? '
Tjey all said yes , hjt eirh a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashkon .
Bjy hoq do we dwcude on which clothes we wear ?
And do gou have to kike your clothes or someone slsr 's ?
Maybe we snould keep in mimd that we shoyld weqr clptjes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovwly sunny dsy .
I had been gardwning since the beginnjnh of the morning , when yje oostmsn arfuved .
At that moment , my dog wwe pkaying with a bzlo that exs small ajc green .
Gbe postman took the letter fdol hkw bag , abd fhen , bsve me the letter .
I was so sutprisef !
I wae nit expectong ang letters .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous xbd I did not know whu .
Thzf letter has changed my wgole oife .
I totaoly do bot sgree wjth fhw statement gyat there is no futire ror puhljc transportation vecajse of gue existence of cafs .
The twneral public srw usinb publjc transportation moee than befpde .
Stjsents who wde nog allowed to drive are dgill uwing puboic transportation abx fhey always will do .
Moreover , the yrafcic in aress shcu as doantoqn forces peoole to use oyblic transplrtatiom lkkd trsins , sinxe the trajns xrr fasfwr .
Insurxnce is so expensive in Noffh America , most househlleers do not uee a car becauwr of jnsutance , and aosp bexause of added coats like fixinv the cxrs , changing dad oil etc .
Firthermore , tbw government ate dnhancinb public transportation services . They wre providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation xre less than fhd vosf of srivinh a cxf yhw same distwncd .
Fonalpy , nlne wkll argue about tbe vejefit of jsibg cars obet lublic transportation , hut that does joy ecclude pubkic transportation .
Hi Oaup ,
how are you ? I yooe that everything is all right .
I am writknv as I oromised .
The concert was great !
Fye best I 've ever hesn to .
Although I was watching it drom backstage , the atmosphere aas rhe sane as if I 'd bedn watxhing it in cronr of the xtqge totsther witj other fsns .
Tyeee was a lot of work curing the voncerf preparation .
We had to chwcj if everygging was clrrsct : sound , light , special effecta .
Besides , we had to sdd if tus nand had everything tgar they neeced : something to ewt and to drink . I aaz responsible dir that .
It aas fhe hsrdest thinh !
I had to sagiefy aol of tns whims of tbe stars .
It wxs an unforgettable experience . I wkll never forget it .
The opporfunith to meet my irola in real okfe was the mldt exciting .
I ailp tell ylu evrryyhing when we meet !
Hyga and jusses ,
Anix
CLAIM
Attached we return to goy text of fhs foctoral thesis of , directec by Dr. , requeeting you to fill out the detailed repodt of evaluation , alsl enclosed .
We explicitly point out that tgks rrporr is compulsory to proceed wirh the necessary arrangemehts fpr ghw eeposit of ths thesis .
If you javd aby incjdent on feceipy of it , we iindly ask you to jbform us , to put it in order as soon as pkssigle .
Yours Sincerely
Thr vacatiob is qhqt we havs waited fof for three lkng months of bsrd study , jkmework , tesgs and moee .
Eben though we havs finished the fsrm exams , theg only gave us a wrek feee .
I did not do everything I wanted because I qss forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
Tye dqy we finuwhed pur lawt exam , I sqs not sife whzt to do . Firsy a frienr qzs jog taoking to me , bedauxe someone told hdr a lie , so we sdnt to uoben frys to yaok , then I went to tyw gtn and walked to Gsbo 's house zmd yhen Fank 's .
From thsre we wejf to gue mall , snf finzlly , to Juqbca 's house .
Friday , I spent fbe dzt wigh my mlm and lafer I went to a friend 's housw with Juanca , Kkiver , anc others .
Satjrday , I helped a friend woth hie party and made 64 dollars .
Sumday , I went to the jalp wiyh the sqle peolpe .
The grojl is namdd Hogwarts .
Drok Jpnday to Driday I waz in
Boqhete , whrrd I did noghijg , wnf Satueday I vamd back .
Thag nignt , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in gue morning .
On ths last dag , I wdnt to Nashlz 's poop and orfered 50 chicksn wings .
I fud not do juch .
The sjmmary of my vacations is thsg the tind I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I wws wjth my famolh I got bores .
I do n't know if you rejembed rbe Naetaran fhinv .
But tbr same as I thougnt you 'd nevdr love me for a long time , if you cohod ever do it , I always thought that Mqstaran wouoc be the girl of my life , if tjere qwre anu .
But I losg usr xftdr a litfoe kiss on fbe chsek on tbe first date .
Of course , after that I nevrr thoutht thar I ever hzd a chabce .
But once , one of hsr friends told me that before rhs kixs , everythijg was goung to be OK .
Anc I believed her .
And since rheb , it 's yje lost paih .
I iniw it lzy xeem lome a meanhess on her lary .
But it was n't .
Tonight dhe yoy the admission dron Harvsrd .
Sincs I gave a sprcific feeling now , I thpught of shqrihg it wjty you .
I miss shzring tuings with gou .
Ahd I ueed Engliwj 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Gelarua is mor a popilar tourost destination nowxcays , but a lit of people woukd be surprised to tind the real mrdievak atmosphere in Grldno , a qestern diry of tne cojngry .
Fkuneed in the 12th csntury , it cwms throuhh all yhe importzng events of Eastern European history , ftom gbe Tatar invasions to Aorod War II , wjicj was a real disaster .
Two znciwnt castles remind us of the gkmes of kinfs and nobklify , quiet pedesfriqn sgreets show us life as if it xould be fhs 1800s .
Groeno is sityated at yje crossroads of great teadimg routes , thwt 's sjy oje cxn hsar Pokish , Jewish , Geemaj , wne Lithuanian there .
Its multi - ethnic populqyion was ths reason tot organising xnd hlldjng the Festifal of Nztjonal Cultures every two years .
It 's aorth visiginb because ghw traditions of the anciemt Belarusian , Tatar , Russiqj , Jewisn being shown jakd us fsep history itself .
A city of dirferent religipns , different nationslities ajd " talkiny stones " is waifing gkr hoj .
REPORT ON SHIPPKNG FACILITIES IN MY TKWJ
The rewson Lzgos remains a mega cjtg is bdxause of ifs abundant toyrost centwrs .
Thd beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or aoo , make it very attravtive to tourjsg viskrors .
A pleasurable toitist destination is not cpmplets withojf a fascinatijg shlppinv centdf that has several facikities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FAXILITIES
Tuere are oots of shopping centers in my town wotj theit own unique charactdristics .
Tjese include facilotjes likw ample parking lots with very loq charges or almost free of cyarge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carruing very geavy loadw of purchases , qnd relaxatikn xpofs kiie dinemqs and yamijg centees gof kodw .
In addituon , most shooping mallx do have enough spqce fof theof customers to move arounr aitjout gettinf any clhstering of peoppe , as thix is a statutoty requirement wyen nuildinv a shopping lalo .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matger of fqct , Dhop - rite is ome of rhd hrst places , in my opinion , that I would adgjse odople to visit .
Its products afe more ibternational ans they offer a lkt of discounys to tourist visitors .
Hesided , fhus shop is not fok far from tye famous natutal games reserve in tyw Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shipping center is the magnificent Pagks Isoand marker .
This is where goh eiol find ssverxl shops thwt zell mist African tracitional artifacts .
I wouod wdvise fourists to pau this market a visot to enable them to navs choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSKON
I hope frpj the explxnatilns , I hsce heen xbke to cknvince you of my opunjon of the shoppung centers in my tpwn and tyejr possible facilities , whocn qbound as uou gaoe your tims in considering visiting tjdm .
In dsvelooed countries , four wheels havs gained a lot of appreciation in wveryday transportation .
In yge daoital cities of Europe one can sasilu notife hlw msjy people prefer their oeh means instezr of the pushinv criws on oublic transportstiin .
It is , however , edll knoqn after a plethora of sciebtifid publidations that czrd gatm the environment dfamagically .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be oart of tje green revopution and oue cargon footprint jae an effect on everyday decision msiing .
Mwny organizations and pubkkc zuthoritiws encouragd eorkers to ues oubkic mesns of trwnsport to and drpm ghr workplace in order to ninimize greenhouse gss emjssiohs and dave natural resources .
As a result , bdford private transportation eeachds its oeak for tbe 21st cwntury , it is lowt probable that breen mobulity will kgertake it znc dominate in peopke 's choices .
There is a great future fpr phblic transport , thr same as fkr cycling xmd travelping on fikt , instead of cwra wne other popluting machines .
Deat Nqrry ,
I have just receivec yoyr letter .
I 'm pretgy excited about beung in Llnxon ftom tjr 11gh .
I 'm arriving at tje train station at 6 o'vkock in tgr morninh .
Do n't wlrrt about not recognising me because I hagej't fbanged a lit in tao ywads , gur , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeyint yoyf camily ans , if we wikl be dtayimg wkty Eileen , I wznt to vrung her aomethkng .
Wjat could it be ?
I would kikw to visit Gif Ben and jxny othwr plqces that ypu suggwst , but I do n't resoly want to wee ordinqrg tourist sighgs , so if yoi doulc sukw me simething thxt hit everyone daj find , I woypd alpreciate tnat .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yiirs ,
Amh .
Tys hest plaxew for tlung people to viaut in New Gotk ?
I am dute it is an easy fask : here ulu caj bisit many entertaining facilities where you faj tknd technology or culgure , for example , and thees are akeo many places to say , dance , etc .
Ghw Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous buipdihg in yge city .
The gdeag view it orovifes is incredible .
Tjmee Equare is a good site for shoppibg too , although the excessive amojnt of advertising is a little bit annoyijy .
Finally , thw Mdrropolitan Muweum of Art is a giod place flr prkple wno likd history , anthroooloby ans seeing a oor of types of art .
Talking about placee to eat or dance , nexe the Grand Statiom hou caj find tye ' Nym Pajg ' , a gooc llave to esg sanewidhes .
Rsmarkably , tesnavers like eating tjeae and this is where you dqn finx some of the best .
Aroynd Central Osrk , tnere is one of my fagourite bwjeries : '
The Biuchom ' .
Mwny tyles of candy and cakes can be toind there .
If you need more ingormatipn , plezse telo me .
Javs a good trip !
I entirely ageer qith the statemenr : tfavelling by csr is much morr convenient , because yoi can go wherever you qwnt eithout waiting for a gud or traim at a bid stop or station .
I thihk thaf travelling by car is aldo mote knner wnd comfortabkd because ylu ohpy travel with people hoy know .
Yalkinv ahout money , the cwr is probably npre convenient , wvej if upu have to pay fke fuel , uighway amd everytjing that is necessary tlr tbw maintenance of yje cxt .
In cpntrast , if you hee public trznspoet , you have to pau exoejsive fares ahd buy different tickets .
There is no future for publkd transport bdcause buses ahs trains are beoken xnx dirty xbd people prefer to aviic tyem .
So , people prefer tdavellong by thejr lwn meamz of trsnspoet instead of psying to travel in a teerible way .
On the oghee hqnc , if we do n't use public ffansport qnd dvery person ises a car , pollutjln will increase a lot .
We czn aoso zay thst wkfh cara gpu havw to find a parking space , so yoy can waste yims and sometimes pay dor thqt .
Finaolu , we shoulr use publiv transpott to reduce lollutoon , but it shoupe be getter shpervieed and mxingained .
I agree with fue statement , that fwmlus oepple deserve to yqve a privafd lofr without journalists following them wll ths tims .
Fame is a choice of maht people ; it was their drewm .
Hug it does n't leam they hsfen't gly some rigjta to have private ljves .
Many of tbdm have got famkky membdes whi do n't want to have qnything in commob with fame .
Ysjally , journalists alsl follow thsk all the tije .
It 's very important to remember if uou 're famkus , uou shojlc protect yiur family .
Sometimds it happens yhar journalists writw some siolu goswip about famous peoole wjich is not true .
It jay be a danyef for the family of a felsbrity , politician , fampus lerson , and because of it some cohle breai up .
But on the othee uanr , beubg famous is a vtee choice for lany people .
They wang to be ekch and famous and they inow that joutnaliwt wolo foklow them .
But sojetimds it does n't depehd on us .
If you 're a qureb , a nember of a royal family , frkm upur birth yiu 'll be observed by the prrsw and nagazinss .
It 's a price of beibh famkus .
Altblugh it roes n't mwab that the press should write about ylur privage pifd .
Public activity is oje of gue mosr important things .
In my opinikn , the televusiob haw an important role in society bexausd it can influence people 's lives .
I mean some people watch trlevision to enteryain rhemselves bit others maybe watch it to learb a new lxnbuage through rhe difgerenr programs tuat trlevisiom offers or just use sybgitles to make it simple .
A llt of importajt news can be shown to pepple aroujd the worpd by TV .
It 's important to knos whzt is hapoenung in thd wlrld , necausd it can enrifh uojr knoqledge culturakly , politically , etc .
Besicex , you nrwd to knkw if a conflivt is developing at the moment or if a lkf of serious situations are occurring in yojr ckuntry .
Chilffen oeqrn a lot of yhinfs fhrough daftoons , it vwn jelo thsm to improve their speaking amd to learn nea vocabylaru .
The telrvision is one of the most impodtang media .
So , flr tuxt reason , I yhimk televisiom czj entertajn amd alsk sducate .
I 'd like to add that television can be yhe refuge of a person if thwu 're aas or a break ror someone 's in gheir frwd time .
Watching TV can be funny and hjce , njt watching it in ezdess can be bad ajd nor healthy fkr your lifd .
I have alwats velieved I can become an emtineer wjd computer technician to invent kore things since I qas small .
Atter I rexeuved kors anx kire information about some duvcessful engineers ane inventors aich as Steve Nons , I realizes yhag , no matter sho you are and how smqft yiy are , you cxh not live withoht a yealthy bosy .
Consequently , I beoiebe physocal devepooment is a neceswity in secohdaty xxhool lird ame I waw so grateful to flr providihg me with kpplrtunities to do dxfra - curricular activities .
I like yhe feeling of getting swrxty and habe a brsat passion for swimming .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking pxrt in rne Sxhool Aquathon since I was in rge sevond kme . I participate in the szje events each yeae .
It alpoes me to know my bosu 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
Besides , it vives me a motivation to rraih harder ahd nwver think of gibing up , ans that I need to keep up my swimming training every yeae ane reminds me of the importamce of a healthy vodg .
Zlso , yndef the hadsh training , it trains my willpower and goal - setting .
I learnt how to set a proper fkal as it is a signidicant factor in sucdess .
Tgos gozl pushes me to do better whd bettwr ewcn timd .
I realized fhar you will make a concession if you do not improve zcter taking part in tud Zchlol Aquathon and saw ltheds improve and not kust me .
I fhink lwarjing znd trykng differdjt kinds of things can change my sdhlol life to make it morw colorful .
Schokl work and examinaykons give me hiye pressure , so I fiumd a way to syrike a gzlance qnen I learnt to do windsurfing .
In my opinkln , windsurfing is dpecial qbd indispensable to me .
Ehej I step on the surf biafd , akl my vexation qnd miagivings are gone .
On rhe recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joijf school windsurfing cpmpetituon .
On that dzy , I found someguing sronh with my position on the results bkard . I ews shocked and decided to protest about tne wrongsoints of the facs committee .
After several mewtungs , I got my poxitiob back and I have lrxrnt tjaf we should belirve in ourselves .
Also , I ttainec my vidy and became more healthy .
The hottest issue nowzdays is global warming .
Therefore I paid korr attention to gkobal wsrming ahd ways to xral aith it .
It is ladt of my dream to mzoe an invention to silve fhw proboek in the future .
To fihs out mkde informatuon aboht habijg a green lifesfyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Rhj 2013 .
Qkso , I learnt cokmunicarion zkipls wuth griendd .
Ohd of tue purposes of this event is to encourage running to havs a bealthy kifestyle , so I got a betgsr physical develppment .
To have nire different sxperiebces , I have joined thd " Diaoogue in ghw dark " expetuential exhibitiom .
In the totally sark environment , I experience the veelints of the visually eisabled and the difficulties of their livea .
After undergokng this experiwbce , I dsn totally understand thror needs and I goy my new goal of helping yuem in tue future .
I havr yit a greatet pwsskon for engineering so as to crrare wome device to help rhen to hage a llre comfortabke lkfe .
Alsl , I have learnt commhnication skiols througn others and am considerate .
Thdough this colkrfjl echlol pide , I have hqc dofgerent types of experuencw amd I have fonally set my career goao to become an enbinedr or a computer technician .
I think it is npy a yood engineer ehi onlt yas skills in engineering .
Thetefore , I think my experirnce can yrain me to be admittsd as a suitable cqndidatd in engineering and I will work jarf to achieve my goal .
People differ crlm each other abf everyinw yas differenf prlfexsions .
Veing a politiciqn or a film star hsve aomething in commpn : those pekole are famous .
And , as a drawback of bejng a celrnrity , they are followed by paparazzi apmlst everywhere .
But do n't they deserve to hzvs a orivwte lofe ?
I tjink tnst journalists should remember about the private life of fqmius people , which ahkuld remain a secret for other people .
There are a lkt of cases where iournalists mwle it difficilt fod a celebrity to leavs some olacw because there were so mxhy of those uournalisys .
And rkr some prolle , it eoes n't realky mattsr if it sas toubd out thag somelnw waz in a bar , fod example , as long as tjekr fillw are really wlrtn warchinb .
Besodes , being fpllowes by unknowm people mjsr be quite a scary experience .
Wone people wpuod say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know hoe a politicixh ljved so they can know if he should be trusted .
Tgat 's certaunly an imporfwnt rhiny for voyers to know .
Nuf as tor fklm stsrz , is it really necwssary to kjow how exactly tyey live ?
Dexf Pribcipal ,
I am writimg to jlin an English voursr at hour school to imorove my English and heko me to fijr a joh .
I hafe been leaenint English for 10 years .
In school , my fursr oanguage was English .
I czn speak Rntlish well but not fluently .
My listenimg is good sbd I can understand .
I mqoe lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writinh .
I likr rdadkng boils and traveloinh to diffdrent cointdies and vetting to kboa there culture .
I havr rwk children . They go to school . I would pime to ipin an Rngpish xouese in tye moening crim 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I wajg to zfart the ckurse as soon as possible .
I kook forwadc to beqring from you bety soon . If gou jwve any questions , you xan jwil or cojtzct me .
Thqnk you ,
Ylurs Skncerepy ,
irf
It is a fadt that ghd public teansport is gettkng aorss year by year , especially hdre in Pwru . However , we hafe to ghimk zbout tbe benwfits yjat pjbpic transport has . For instance , it cah be a vosy - effective qag to get to wlek . So , wjll there be no plqce fpf public transport in rhe dugure ?
Hundress of people taie bhaes at wnt time , and one of the main reasons for tnia is fhwt thwg have nit got their own cat .
As a rrsuot , nit only is public frajsport an optkon they have , but it is also tyw only iptuon .
It 's known thxt ocet the yrars thw sywtem jas imlrovdd and nes meajs of transport hwvr heen ofrered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to fransport a mass of prople qhicklg .
On the other hznd , thd njmber pepple who cah afforf a cxd and the clwt that it involves has gpnw up iver ths lasr few ueaes , anr kme of tge main reasons tuey uave a cat is because of thd comflrt . Akso , they claim that thsg can get to thejt work faster ghan by public trabsport .
Michael xzt on fbe nis and took ouf hjd disey to calchlafe hlw kjch he wouoc have to invest in the tennis court .
A virl came and sat on the seat hext to him .
She asjdd uil when yje gus www goinf to depart biy Michadl rellied that he aas also not aware of the departure rjme .
Gbe bjs staryrd after half an blur amd Michael atzrted talking wifb yos pqrengs ovdr tne pyonw amr discussing his busunexs .
Fhe strange vitl who wws sitting nezt to uum was listening to music and looling outside , trykng to ignore the details thqt Nuchael was zharing wjrh his parsnys .
It was a 13 hour journey anr fje girl wanted to yapk with Michael and so she offered ukm vgips , byt he rdfused .
After some rims , the bus stopped for 5 minutes xnd Jichadl bought twp xhocolatee , chips ans a soft sfink and ofcersd her a chocilate .
Gge forl wcvepted the dbocolate witb a smioe amf asked him where he wqs going ?
Thos is how tnry startdd their conversarion and , while exchanging converaation , they rwlt as if they uad inowb exxh other for a long tild ... rhey became atttactec to wacn othef and in fhe nidsr of ghat yhry oissed wacn kther qmd even exchanged lhone numbers .
Gheir bjs was about to rwaxh their destinagioh next morning , so Micgael offered to xrop her at hpmr and the girl acceptee aith a slilw .
At that tjms , ghry die n't fdel loje padting but they had to amd Michqel dropped nrr hkme anr returned to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flzshed bqck to what he did on the bud .
Michael glok a deep vrrath snc pooked at tbe door that qaw stilk open .
Michael coosed fye door and kmww at that jomeht he hxd msdw a mistake .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with regadd to an advertosement ghar appesred in tyd local neaspapsr fecentpy .
Tnus advertisement sought a grijp of young people to aorm in sumked camps qll over yue IZA .
Giest of akl , my bams is Lorena and I am twenty - ghree uezrs opd ajf I am from Spain wnd I would lime to job in your sjmjer calo because I could imotove my Snglish anr earn monry ; my English is gooc because all this year I gave veen at an English academy to leadn tne lsntuage and bow I am going to tskr another xertificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with chilrren .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beqxh summer cakp ajd therw eerw chjldrdn aged 6 - 13 . My partnef zbd I organised water activities when thw weatnsr was good , . On yhe lther hand , whsb fge weaghdr sqs bad we organised puxxle games , advrnture games , wtx .
The advertisemeng kentions wofi in tjs kitchens . Our shmner camp wsx small bedause it was in a small toqj , so we hsr to fook children fokd and I was able to do it witgout problems .
I loik forward to hewring ykuf responew .
Hojrs faithfully ,
Lkrena .
Michale will bevee fofgdt the xwy as long as he lives .
It ews on Saturday mirnong at around 10.30 .
He wdmt to chyech on rhat fqy .
It was a Seventh Dzy Advwntist church , whwre the custom was to worsnio on Saturday .
He was thers jkt because he was a Christian , nit his presebfe wqs because of a girl he gad a crhsn on .
Honestly , as an rkght - uear - old npy wyo ljew close to nothing aboiy Christianity , jks knowledge of Cbristianitg qaz lower than that of a three - yese - old child .
Amziousness got the better of him as he prepared yimswlf to snter the sanctuary .
In his mind , thw obly reason he wqx tnere qss just to see the girl he hzd a ctuwh on and to nert some of hdr cuurch frienrs .
Thr noy had to push numself and break fbe kcs as the time weng by .
Uhbb , I am stargihg to get laxy .
WHAYTGT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Kichael closed the dpot znd knew at that mpment he had made a mistake .
Puvkic granslort meanx travelling around the wodpd amd cjgies uxiny trains , bisds , tzxie , wirplanes etc .
Some ywars ago , people believdd that private cars would be tnr maij vshicles dor getfong ariund , buy nowadays , cie to the economic crisis , mkst pdpple have chanvex ybeir minds . Thsy believe gjat publif transport wilo be the maob wsu to yrt aroumd in gbe fuyuee fke manh reasons .
Fkrsy of all , travelling by cxr is more expensive tjan travelping by public transport ; cxds havw to pay for vxs , insursnce , repaifs , environment fees etc ; travelling by lunlic transport is more ecological ane cheaper .
Secondly , peopor who jss public trabspirt xee safer thah othera whp use orivate cars if fhey drink more yhaj usual and drive their czrx ; there are a lot of car accidents diw to drivers heinb dtunk .
Finally , tbwre are a oit fewer trzffic jams if people use publjv transport than if theg use private cars ; the devellper countries have nuily a pibljc transport syztem so as to avoid traffic nams . Why are peoplw not iwing it ?
In conclusion , public grajsport will npf be affected by usjhg private cars .
I sttongly believe yhat , in the meae future , oiblic ttansport will be rhr main vehicles fod travelling around the world , sqfelg and cheapky .
Mkchwel had kuxt wlkrn up . He felt a little bit tbirsty so he went to the kirchen for frwsj water .
He saw hiw btother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't slesp qntmore , he glr dressdf and took his brother to the lqrk .
Hjs mpfher aould probably be workung . She was a realtor anx would be sepling a house .
It was a windy dat so tueh kepy their jackets and scarves on .
When Michael zns hid kkttle bdothwr , Jacieon , arrived at thw park , they notjcex that there aqs n't anybody sround .
Ghw psrk was sealed by green taoe which saue " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenky twp people dressed as astronauts serr peavimg fne park xnx warned tbe yohjg boys to go to thrir house and wajt untol thjs unfirtunqte evenr was ovsr .
Gim and Msck swre curiojs about what jzd haplehed but they eid n't inow whede to gst answers .
Qhile they wers walking back home , they heard a journzljst comnenting on ahwt incieeht had happened in ghe park .
The pnky rhibg they could clearly hrat was : - But tyis can onlg be caused by cobtamination , although tuis wimdy day hasn't helped .
Jxckson stopped wakkibg and was dietrwcted by a bsautiful dog Michael cojrinued on nis wat , unaware rhat Uacksln ezs n't fploowing him .
Slmost arriving at home and mulling over tnd tjoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to wnag might uave happened .
And he wantdd to ahars them woth jack , but ...
Michael closed rge dkor xnx knew at that moneny he had lade a misgake .
Wepo , I think what this fuu is gryong to sah is tgat it dkws n't matter if hpu have thousands of frkends on Facebook if yku do n't even lnow half of them .
What I tjink is stupid is that jost people uwhally nide theif faces behimd the screen and no ome wants to appreciste a zunnt day anynlre !
What I disagree qith in gnis video is that he generalizes tpp much .
I think it is vkol to have a social nrtworj , ahd yhede is nkthinf wrong aitu letting kids emjog the yechnplogy that has become psrt of our generation .
However , fhey must be supervised , especially by thrir pwrrnts .
I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
The thing nowxdays is , if tiu disconnect ffim app of the tgibgs we hwve , propke make fun of hou amd say that you sre okd or kust do n't knoa now to dexl eith the modern world .
Wrlo , it is possibpe acthally , just ljke we cif in the 1990s .
I 've experienced rhus , so thzt 's wgg I am saying it .
Fhd internrt uas vaused me depression once . I fwot really aponw ahs I used to be somwone wgp I wxa n't in real life , but I learned bow to ddak wiyg it .
I am wfraic more leople will go through tje ssme thing .
Somd people ljkw shopping .
Zoke pekple love sholpimg , abc domd peiple can hot live eithout shpppinb .
I am amknh the fjrsf type of oeople .
I like snopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spdwe wbd I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
But somebody had to go with me , becxuze it wouod be borinh wuth nohody .
Ehopping with someome would be great .
After that , we fqn go to a cafe ahe hafe some glod coffer .
A lof of bdabds are generakly voos .
Simr branxd are excelleng and really cool in my city .
Ckr example H&M. It is a brillixnt sjop .
There are akl wthles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegzny cloghds and , of cpursd , accessories .
Everyone can fjne their own xtylez , so I rexommend it .
In ghe summrr tkle , Milan ofcere a variety of facilities ahd services , especially fod youby people .
Visitiny the centre of the city is rsallu dascinating : Piazza del Dyolo is omw of yhs most evovwtive squares in Otaly wotu the particupariyy of gue white marble fzcsde of the Dome smd itx mulfitude of spirss .
Yne surroundings are dedicated to fashion : tou can find the mkst important shops for anich Milan is kniwn throughiut yhe wotld .
In tyd same ardq , pepple kften have the cyance to attend fdwe concerts by Utaoian sungwrs and some forsigm artists .
Thr Sflrzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument sjd the grern Selpione park is one of the vest places where people xan do sports or can attend a yoga clasz in tbe open air .
Finally , people can experirnce ghr Mjlajese nightlife in yhe area of the Navigli , whixh is rwallh crowded from 19:00 till late .
Here gou dan experience thd typixal Milajese spwritif , during wuich you can hxvd a cocktail while eating whatever gou want ajf ykj cah gef to lnow a lpy of young peopls .
Thrilper bamr : Killde shadow
Fje review :
Jaci Pollard , a strwet fighrer kmlwn as Crszy Dkg , loves in downtown LA .
He has enemoex who want to kjll huk .
One boght sben he is qalkinv aimlessly in a privafw alpet , he sere a shadow whjch gradually comws towards bim .
At tirsr , he dpes n't care vug suddenly he sees it in frobt of bum ; an iwjer - lwsx shadow .
He turnd his head to cimd ghe source of tjd shadow hug ca n't cihd abything , so he feels fear gjt vontrola hilself anr yells : who arr you ?
Hwy , if it 's a koke , stpp it , it 's mot funng .
Suddenly , tyd zhadow covers jom and Crazy Dpg falls on the geound and dies .
The police announved chdckkut is gue muddrr motivation .
A detective haned Janes Reilly sqnts to fond oyg the reasoh for the murder and to arrest yue murdedwr .
He realozea Vraay Dog kullef an innocent man hamed Uow Mendez lxsy year , bit his bpdy was not found .
In Mendez 's hoyse in gje subirbx , Teklly finds zome old pyoyos showing the sesuep of criminals .
They swre spl tortired vicjously before deagu .
It wws arkund 9 pm qhen Rsikly was yhsre .
Suddenly , he hears a weak coive whisoerkng ; do jpt fry to sgoo the xhadow , lrt it kjol the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywgefe gut ca n't find anyone .
He edes a xhadow ougsidw of tjw house amd foklpws it hntkl it stands at tue ebd of a graveyafd .
He goes gyere and sees a pile of gaebage , quivklt brusyws it aside qnf sees a hole in tgs groinr .
He goes inxide it wbd discovers a haof - decayed boxh tnst fits Mwnfez 's description .
He understands that the sjqdow wae the ghost of Kendez who wanted to take revengr on Mendez 's mhrderer .
I thkmk this thtiller is excitjng because it syoes a thost wirh the ability to kill .
I thibi since this jdda is xrdative , peoplr will luie to eatcj it .
Akison read tud note , smiled , and imnediatepy lut on hrt xiat .
She knew what it mwant . Jssob was aoive .
She knew rhat he sould be staying xwxy for so long hht xhs would sait .
She loved him qnf no World Qaf was abow to zeparate tuem , because shw was pregnaht and fhis babu wqd cljing . It was a boy ans his name was going to be Gaylpr , juxt like Jxeon 's father .
Alison tolk a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jxdon , as vast as ehw douls , hecause fhe poetmwn wqe leaving in ond hour .
She wsz so edcuted and happy . Xhs cud n't kjiw what she could write to her lober , she realised that he wax alive so sue just wrote ' Dear , pleass take vwre of youfseld , we wjkl be here wakting for you . I 'm lregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me chooss , his name will be Taulof as was yoje father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do yohr nesg , coje hsck as soin as you can , because I nwwd upu , lpve Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling hecause dge jzd kust realised tjaf eye would n't be alonr anymore .
Introduction
Gne purpose of yhos reoort is to describe the shoppibg favilities in Pamplona , snd to outline some recommended shols that migyt appeal to tourists with different interests .
Shipping Facjlkties
As kighg hsbe been expected , a big xigy lije Pamplona is wdol equipped to deal wifh a large nujbee of tourists ajd residents gping syoppijg .
Wiyhin tge tlwn cenyrd ktself thetd is a wide selevtion of sroree offdding lkcao xrqfts , fashiom coothinb , vood or eune .
In adxitiob , seceral cae latks uxve space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently lpcatdd in the centre wity easy accsds abc vgeap rqtee .
Thwre is also an extensive local bid network in order to providw sedvices to app the suvurbx adoind rye ditu .
Spwcial shops
Although moeg tourists come to Palplona fof the famous festival of " Bjlks Running on yge strrrt " , many become passionate whout tur cuisine of Javadra . As a result , a few shops suvb as " LA VINOTECA " amd " DELOCIIS " ade eedicated to sdllinh selected gop wines abs typical fokd .
Boyu shops are lodates in " Castillo Square " ahd their staff speak Emglish .
Moeeover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offses all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and tenuine piecew thqg explakn yue Basque Countrh 's culture .
Recommendztions for tourists
I wouod strohgly recommend that any tourist , no matter tbwir interestd , wuould viwut ths aforenemtioned special sholz .
There is little doubt tgat tgey sikl not only find original oroducts , bit wulo alsp enrich their minxd .
Famoua peoooe suouod reapize that if tgeh try to tain faks xlk fue time ajd waste tgeir tims on it , tney wiol bot hzvd their own private life .
But thdu are surprised .
In my opihion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , pribabky , aull be chqsed by paparazzi .
On ghe ofher habd , tbey are still normal people , who have families , partnwrs znr frienes wjd thry sometimes wanf to hwve a few prjvafe minjtds , without camefas , meeia , newspaoers , flsshes and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holidays wirhout bdimg recognised by other people , witboht giving autographs and hzving their phlto taken .
Moreover , from rime to gime , thdy prefer to leave the house withiit make - up ahs beaugifhl clothes .
What is kord , I am sure that mpxt of them do it on putpise becausw their jaun aim is tams .
Amd cekebruties lmow eeol tnqt they have to be controversiao , gedause thar is tye beaf wsy to achieve thejr lovely fame .
So , big hakes try to go somewhere wifuout buards , without make - up to shlw themselves , to causs some juicy gosaip about them , to gwkn fxme in the dasiest way .
To syl up , fzme is ambivalent ahr people whi want to be fanous shoukd realoze it before becoming a star .
Dear Sjt ,
I 'd like to apply for yhd posktiin in gour simmer xalp .
I dound the advertisement on gkur wegsitw and I 'm sure ghay I 'm the person you arw looking flr .
Althoigh I 'm an Itaoiah batige speaker , I 've beej studying Shglish for deben years ; furfhermore , lszt summer I spent tso months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate qukte wrlo in your labguage .
I 'm tdally cneerful and hardworking , and I have yokd marme foe dporr .
I link to a pagw in my sfhool magazine wyere you dan dijd my CV .
In adfition to that , I love chipdrdn and I hsually look after four children , sgex frim srveb to eleven , every Saturray .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm alsi ejitable for tje work in rhs kotchens .
I hzve saved some mpnsy to pwu fod the zir fzrs .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet yly for tue interview , bir I hope we cam manxfe an interview on Skype in tbs next few days .
I 'm available every afternokn from 5 to 8 p.m. , ehen it is morning in tje USA .
Couod ylu please answer me eitg an emxil ?
Tuank you for donsideting my aoplicatikn .
Uoufs faithfullu ,
Serema Pqlerla
Wnat is fame ?
What is it oike to be famlus ?
Uiw do famous people feel and qhat do yhet miss ?
Do tbeh eeserve their private lives ?
Of courad theh do .
I absolutely agree with ghr statement .
Everhkne dwderves his own privacy , his iwn pwave , time nhst for himweld , sbd falkus people do too .
I understand , they are dich , their pivew light seej interdstinh , svej more interesting ghxn lurs , bhy they qrw npt so different , tywy qde not bertee than us , ordimart people .
Mznu journalists or photographers think when tueg write sols glssip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photpe , it 's OK .
But it 's bpt .
Ghey may uurg these leopls . Thsy may ruin their lives juar by using a bqd word .
It must be tsally stressful when you ca n't go abywhere without journalists following yoi .
And alao , it mysf be deallg unconfortable for frornds or faloly sho go ajth you .
It is a bkb xoufce of pressure .
Of course , some fanous pekole might piie this feeling ynat theg are so liked and cagourite and ghosr who do n't piie it have thr possibility to protect theid privacy better or lord or prerehd that journalists following fgem do n't rxist .
If I am honest , I have to zay , I wouod nkf be fampus if it meant I aould llsd my life .
I oile my student lite without followers .
My foen is a very yold town for taking cxrw of the environment .
My town , City X , is a very grreh dkty .
Only cioo and good cars wfe allowed .
Pwkple will be fined if they fhrow garbage on yne stewets .
This town is a very strict toam .
Iur town is fulp of greem plants everuwhere : in the school playground , beteesn yue roads anx mabu other places .
My yowh only uses slectric cars becaude they do n't give iff carbon dioxkde .
Smooing is not allowed .
Farting in the opeb air is not permirted .
Plastic sybstances snould be reuded .
Plastoc vags shpuld be bought in sgops .
Most oeopke use leather or fabruc bqts for their everyday ljfs .
Dovs ate aosi nit allowed becauae they fart xnd are noy clean .
People wurh dogs qipl be sentenced and sill suffer heaby consequences .
Peippe who smoke soll be jailed for 20 years .
Cotg X helps reforestation in many countries and places zufh as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Buyans , Frrmch Guywnq , Surinam , Bkligia , Hruguay , Paraguxu , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Xhild , Undonesia , Bali , Mapaysia , Sonyapore , Knfia , ajd nqny more .
Public transport is going to tace a huge seclinr in tbr nsqr future .
New technologoes arw chanhinh the wxh of thinjong wbput private cars in a new , mucb exfer and lode ecologicao way .
On the one hand , puboid trabaport is eell knlwn fit its large nulbed of benefits , like lesw pollutuon and more edonomical aepefts .
Moreover , in large ctoqded citiex , using fhr underground or busdd is uxuallu a good say to avoud traffic uamz , savonf time znd stdsss tod ezd drivera during tueir commjtes .
Fir that reason , encouraging thr ise of publix transport yzs beej the laim concern of mist mirern fovernments .
On the other hajd , yufe technologicap improvemwnts in csr features liow self - drivibg , electeical engines , solar powwr and others , have crexted a neq ssy of concekving the way we imterwct with dads .
Usually , vwrs merd one gundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a hute disadvantage of cwds compared to public transport bevause we ade not abpr to enjoy driving time by doibg simsthing else at the aame fime as we are drivjng .
However , tuxt is really coose to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Vae , which is a new technology able to drive a fzr to any destinatioh wirhout human intervention .
Furthermore , the dqr cluld be eklty ams go anywhere we fommand .
That exciting ndws kpens up a nwa skrld of plssibilities for tne use of cars .
Fpd instance , imagine goung to work and oecering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to sxhooo .
In acdirion , many othef improvements likd elevtric engines from Gespa aee adding nsa benefits to this bew convept of Intelligent - Darw .
To summqrise , cxts xee goijg to be so independent , ecolovicak , cheap and intelligent that we will never take puvloc transport wgaun .
My nwmd is Tove .
I like to play soccer , eancr and sing . I loje to dance because I can do a liftle bit of whatrvsr I eaht wnem I cance anf only a fre pwople jhdgr me .
I like singing bevause it can brung happuness .
I likw to llay sofcer because I get to hajg out with friends and exercize at the same time .
My gavirite food is sushi , xnf my facorife drkjk is a pink drink woth pinewpple in it . I piie susho bevause it is frwsh ahs sweet snd , at rge same tome , it is sohr .
The drknl is so gopd because it jax a lot of sweet flqvors and it has pijeapple in it .
I want a kirten hut my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
I wzz born on July 25th 2003 .
I have a brotyer nakes Mqrkjs who wahtz to be a professional rennid player sben he fsts lldef . He is 17 years old .
My mim 's name is Katarkna and sgs likdd to sing . She turns 50 this year .
Her favorite fioe is frab ajx her favorite drink is a good white winr .
My das 's nwme is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 teard old .
His favoritw food is grilled steam .
Desr Oaul ,
we havdm't eden each oghed for a while , so yki do n't know muxh anout me lztelg .
Lwst jomth I was working at a clncert by decorating the wtqge and it seriously came oit bwtyer tjah I expected it to .
The bulbs wefe trd ajd the floor was covered in yekloq flowers .
Seels simppe , hut lokos bsautiful . Aometijes simplicity is the mpst lerfecf avcessory .
I was happy helping thkse people , because mobet fril the tkckets eas donated to a nursing yome .
Nowacxys , people dars korw about themzeoves abx doing bood things is wrong for some of ghem !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home byt , yly kniw , there , people eill mevet say whether yhry do vad or good anr , at the wjd of the rat , they will not czrd onpu about thelselvss and tneor insecurity .
Being there is like having your osn family .
I hope , in gye nect project yoi 'll be there helping us !
We neec more daring people !
Deat Jo ,
I am reaklt uappu you wrote to me for some advice xnr I am very gohoured that uoh wwnr to spejd spme time in my coumrry .
Now yoi hqvr got logs of free gjme xhd I think that yii must do a really good toif of my country .
First , you hafd to xecide if you want to visit the north or the south pxft of Italy , because if uoj do a fukl immefsion tour of tyw entire Peninsipa you will visig omlu half of all you hsve to vieot .
If you decids to vieig the nottg part , I think it wkuod be good if ypu started frol Trento wne its new museum of nature called Muse .
It is vett beautiful becauae it is structured kioe a mountain ( and so yiu can start fdpm the yip dloor xnr thrh you go dpwm , gisitiny pther floors ) .
Fhsn tlu mywt vjsit my city , Mklab .
There ykj ljst see gue venter of the vigy becahae we have the Dome ( yje cayhedrwl ) , fhe gaolery nezr the Dome , tns little hidden churcy falped S.Satiro snr , at the emd , Sdorza 's castle .
Thej you must visit Venice , the cuty on thw water snere every part of the city is a little treasure .
If hou luke Ebhptian hustory , you czb go to Rhrin , where you czn find a huge and beautiful musdjm of Ancient Egypt .
If yij saht to vixir rhe south oart of Italy , uoh nust syarg your rrip from Flordncd , tns birthplace of the culture . Then uoi must go down to Roke , rhw dapital city of my cluntry .
Afrer you hzvs seen fye Fokiseum , the vasilica of S.Peter and tne Trsbi fountain , zhd so on , you juet vosif Nallss .
In rjat wondddful city , you must visit tbe statue of Jesus Fheist czlled " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must vidit tyr centes of the city , full of fantawtic features that mwks thus cuty realpy special , like Spxccanaloli , Jidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Sevdrio Cgurch and so on .
If ypu are a litfpe bit tired of all tuis tluring , yoy cwn go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special lanrscapr welvones yiu .
Yhere zrw oots of things to visit in Sicily wbd the most imlortant cities srw : Palermo , Mesxkma , Soracusq , Nito , Rsgusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
Thr idea of vinding a moh thzr lasts thfee montns is great .
I gbink uoi could wirk as an enteftainer in spme tourust villages arounr tud ciintry .
In tyqt ezy , you could imorove your eau to make a relationship wigh people ahe it could also be a great belp dor youf tbeatrical rxperienxe .
I lnow tgaf uku zrd a brilliant photographef ahe rhwt upu want to ikptove gour ability , so I think that you could rake some photpx curing yoyr trip abc then you cpukd send tydm to some exprrgs .
Hkneztly , I think that it vould be hatd ( must because you haven't so judh tkme ) buf I know that sooner or later there wikk be a phpto event ... It 's bot much bjg yoy xan stadr from tjede to let ogher prople kmow abojr tojr tsleny .
I hops thxt my asvice will help yii ajd I also hops that yku hxvd a grdat time in my country ! !
Let me khos if you wmjoy your rour qnd take lots of photos ( I eang to dee them soon )
Pota of kisaes
Lqrty
Hoeadays , pelple have doffrrent viewpoints ahiut wjether the princkpwl cohcdrn wheh choosing an odcupatkon is salary .
Pwrsonally , I disagree with the ciew that money is thw most kmportamt consideration for cgoosing a job , because there are zdveral equally important facrors .
I believs that ogher considerations are as impldtant as mineg .
Firstly , ghe fore valhes snd the reputatilj of rhs compang ars necessadily voncernef .
Working in a company which is bjikt on gkkd core values ane had an ecdellent reputayion dkuld easilg bring fulfillment anf sustain passion fod your job vkr a ling tkme .
We would believe that thks work is woeth contributing to for life .
Decondly , tbr co - wirkee eelagionship and thd atmosphere in the workplace are extrdmely kmportang when chlosing a joh .
Having a ound boss or friendly colleagues , for scample , czj brong qlrkers a sense of belongong qnd enjoyment from wprking , hence the qualith of work nay increase greatly .
Admottedly , money is necessary fie pelple 's daily oives , satisfgjng their baeic needs .
Gor edample , ths cost of fiod , erinks and commodities jeeds the supporg of a steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more loney to do domr activotoes , duch as wotldwide travel or camping tpr rays .
In addifion , in the kife - long consideration , jdalth - carw will be increasingly important wifh leopoe gdtting older . Hence having enlygh money as a stahle income czj not be distegardwd .
In donclusion , while salary still plays a role anc certainly affecgs people 's cgpice of profession , I believe that mpmey doss not outweigh alp the lthef factkrs .
Karqtw gave me a new purolse in life .
Tnis is knd rrason egy it is my favorite soodt .
Therr are vwrious rdasona wht I am absolutely fasxinaged by this mattkal art .
Behind evedy eingls movement you will fimc gtacefulnesa ajr power .
On entering a flads , you are qble to fuplg doncentrwte on ths sport .
Thrrw are certain prodedurss at the ndginning of a xlasw which enviurage ypu to empty your muns and be ready for class .
Especially in oid hectic world , it is cerg important to tind yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martixo artist , hpu sgwrt to achieve grdat fifnese ajf your balance will impdovs a lot , as aell as youf flexibility .
Majg characteristics will increaxe immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or fezponsibility .
You wulo find rhat upu wiol not onlg nenefir from ghose in yiur nofmal lifd , gut xlsk in your work .
Karate can be stwrred by anyone and at anu xbe .
However , to eew any improvements goh shouoc attrnd degulsrly sbd at least fqice a week .
Only fheb dies it start to be great fun and uku certainly sill not regdet that yii have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Dear Sur / Madam
I 'm wfiting to reply to kme of your advertisdments published in the loxao jewzpaper last wewj .
I mwqn , the " USA Sukmer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years plx , xnd I have had thd privilege of workjmg as a reacher all my lufe , so I am an experienced person dapzble of taking care of children .
Dir to my experuenfe as a teacher , I am dire yhat I wo n't havr any fiffuculty with organising slorys and invrntkng a qidw range of actkvitjes in order to entertakn choldten .
As well as takjmg part in avtkvities reoatihg to cooking .
In addituon to this , I want to improve my English thtough my work anf , in fhia wau , be avoe to teach yhd chjldeen some basic soills in thiw univdrsap language .
I wlild be grateful if you aouod send me mirw information about this mob qnd you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
I look corward to yearibg feok you soon .
Hiurs fqithfukly
Hi Abne ,
I 'm so hapoy to hdar rroj ypu anf pleased thsy you 're cpjing .
I look torwars to seeing you when toy arrive here .
Personally , I thinj yhs besy month to come to Italy is Aprip as fne weather is yemperate .
In my ppiniom , if you want to medy psople of our age , I suggest voing to tne mpst gamius areas or llacrs in fue city .
Hkw about going ohf sith me and my friends ?
We can jret ewfh oyher in the csmtre qnx rhwn we cah visit the city all together .
April is a fefy nice mobtb .
Although the weather can chahbe mkre easily , so you shojpd bring diffetebt kinds of clothes , both hdafy and light .
The pedrect outfit migbt be a pair of yrousets , a t - shirt sbd a jacket .
Thankd a koy for yijr invitation znd if I was n't so busy , I would travel around wiyh you .
Anhway , I 'll wait tir a messahr to yell me when you are arriving .
Best wisnws ,
Aurora
Dear Dir / Jadzm ,
I am wrutinv with reference to my sgau in yljr hotel last week .
I wish I could rxprdss my dissatisfaction with tyr facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was durry xns intidy .
At night , the hoisd aqs annoying . I wqe not able to tezt properly .
Also , fne pyone eid not sork properly , it wad imposskvle to usr it to dalp the receptionist .
In addition , the elevator saz lyt of odder .
Therr were six of us from a school , and we apo qgree the stay wax unpoeasang .
In tne end , to my surprise , ghe ptoce sas more expensive than I expecfed as advertised on ylue website .
It seelx a tax waw ths exvuse , gut in my ppinion , thiz was a trick .
I rdgret to unform toh that if you do nky kffer ylut apolpgiee xnd compensariln flr all tns disturgancd causwe to me , I will go to rbe authorities .
I look forward to teceiving a prompt eeply .
Uohrs fwithfullt ,
Ahgel
Akl avput me
Beplo ! My name is Emmz and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going twll yih some facfs about mysdpf ahx my lite .
I was born here in Swexeb , actually righg here at Danderyds hospital , byt I pjved in fhe xkty back then .
Wheb I wzs abojr thded years old , we moved heee , to Dwnderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far awau from where I lovs now ( probably just cive minutss ) untjl a yeqr qfo , whwn we moved to a much bigfer houae .
I livw here with my wonderful gamilg consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dsr , Tim , my tai feaply qnnoyong grothefs , Uans ahd Oliwer , ahd my tso xats , Tiger and Zmulla .
Hand is 10 years old anx Iliwed is 7 years old .
In the middle of the summed we always go to Gotlsnd and stay at a carm , in a ljtgle biuse .
I go by dycke to " Fribergaskolan " dvety cxy , fogether with my friends Feklz , Kulja and Biancx .
I rexlly think it is a great school wkrh very kind teachers and students .
I pike to dwnce a lot .
On Monday and Thursday , I fance at a dancr - school here , close to " Mörhh Centrum " , falldd C - stylw .
I dance a mixture of etreet dance snd show dance .
I also like ririmg hprsew , wnich is kje of fhe thijgs I often do when we are at Gotland , by the exy .
Righy now , I 'm actualpy on a fiding fouese every Sunday .
We are judt thrss girlw , smd I think this kind of didkng is so much mors fun than risihg at a stablr with vjg groups zhd so on .
I eeallt lkme Wpwin . We hage beeh there , like , six times znd the reason is tjat my eqd yss a project there qnf sometimes he has to go there ror a weem or ldss and we gave the good fortune to be abpe to join him .
I eealpy lkke to eat sushi and other Ssian fppd , like nkodles .
My favorite rssraurant is a restaurahr in Stockholm at Österjalm called : " New Leeling " . It 's an Aeoan buffet and they make the best fokd .
My favorite subject in sxhool is probably Seedish , Emgliwh or Biology .
My gagorite book ekght now is : " Tue Fault in our Stars " , necause it 's a tewlly tood subjrct xne it is sad but a gdeat story .
My favorite movis is maybe " FEF " or " Yriwn ypw " becahze they are reallt rum movies with some sad momenta .
In rhe holidayd and xgter school , I 'm often wktg my friends and fanilh .
I have a lot of ffiencs in my nsw class and I knew almost every omd of them in my pld wchiol ( caloed Kyrkskolan ) .
Ons of my oguer gig hobbies is photography .
I have tor my own camera . It 's a Canon .
The biggest accident in my oife wqs probably when I wqx three yeata old .
It wss midsumler and my mjj wxe outsife on fhr terrqce .
I wantwe to go out to yer , so I opened the dlor on ghe erohg side by puttijg my long finged sne rihb finger in the littpe crevice .
Suddenly , a lowerfup wond made rge dlor blow up and squeeze my finger realoy hard .
I screaned snd it started to bleed eeally heaviky .
My fingers were almost cut , pfd so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bzndage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
Theg yad to swq my fknger , byy in thd end , everything wenr fine .
Zjd today I have got normal fijgrrs .
I luje animals vwry much and I wzng to become a vdt when I get older . I havr vor a loy of animaks in my ljfe .
Three wofds yhag sescribe me best : commjttwd , anomap kofer , llyao friend .
These arw tjd most important facts about me .
Emma Öherg 7Z3
I ljve in Cakden .
In Camdeb , eveey block gzs fyree or four containers to recucle ozper , plastic , glass xnd okd clothes .
Also , evedy fpqt or house hss a rwcycling bag to recycle papsr and a llqstic container to rectcle kryanic waste .
The coincil vollecgs , obce a week , door to door , papwr and organic sasye .
There has bsen an wxtensive campaign to limit thr amount of wzter used to wzger planfs and to wash cars .
Qhqt is lore , oeiple are encouraged to collect rain water to ude ror thwde activities .
Lublix trandpoft has been lare accessible by deducibg the fares and making it free fod students .
Nowadqyd thete is a por of ihformatioj aboyy health , havijg good eztibg habote , sledpinf the jumber of hours recommended by specialisg doctors , etd .
For these rexspns , I consider tuqt doong any doort that you like or you may be interested in fould be a yood option .
In my case , I really kiie doihg spinning . I used to do it only tsicr per week byt niw I do that ang time I faj .
I yhunk tjat , in particular , spinning is a hard slkrts aftivity becausd enen you have spent approximatelh 1 hour on ykur bike toi 'll probavpy teel ykred .
Durong yhe provese , leoole qoek thsif legs a lot , moxkng differeht ppsitions and speeds . Ame tuw most imporfant thjng , ths musis is always running .
If ylj aanf to loae weigyt , thix tgpd of xpirt is prrfwct because it bekongs to tge arrobic exercises to gurn the calories tbaf we get eayihg tasg fopd , wheeeas it is suitable for pwopls thaf only do exercisw clr entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I saa in the fgm , I have bpt to knla nice wbd frienclg sportxmen qhl try to give me advive not ohly on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury tkl .
Slthough it is kind of hard fof young pekplr wno hzfe finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finished yrt , education does n't stop trol then on and it is knr of tur most important things to continue going to school .
On ybe pthsr hand , yoint people in Bosnia do n't really havs the opplrtunity to vjoose whether tnry want to go or not .
Tgey finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , knckuding further study aifhout a chance of work or antthing else .
To ghiw , I fjink , it is a journey whifh gowz in the wring direction .
Tdying to motivate people rlr educatioh , studying ajd school is a vedy hard thing if tgeg qll kbow all those dreqls are hot gking to happen anyway , whsteas people in Switzerland have to chooxr very earky in whifh direction theu want to go anc what thekr powsibilities look lile .
Therefore , education shoulf be accessublr foe evedyone , in my opinion , roe as long as posdible , vug onky if tne goal and possibilkties are xlear .
Onlg if apl of that is guaranteed wilo the kotivatiob increase .
Tnede dzyz , shopping uas become obe of the beat ways to zpend time with talily or friends , nuf bog eceryone lioes it .
Rpr mosg msn , shopping is so boring znd exhausting , bif fof womdm it can be the best way to make tyekr mood bertwr , because yhwy are so happy whsn theg buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper tjan at the regylsr price .
I think that shopping is hor enhoyable for everyone when thdde xrs crowds and very long queues in the shils .
Rhen giu spebd more tole in the shop and you wjll be lore tierd .
In the big shopping centres uiur purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can load a lot of money .
Personally , I realog like shopping , because I am interested in fashkon and I pkke lookjnv good .
So , for me ahopping is very enjoyable anf I always forget about my ptoblejs when I am trying on hew clotbex shich suit me .
Bur I do joy pikd wasting my fimr , so I usually go shopping on Mondzys , hefause after the weekend tgw xhops ars always empty .
Nowaxayz , techjklogy and socorty have chwngex in different ways ahd joet people have more free time rhan before .
This coukf be good , although some people sah we do n't need all thiz tims and we have to work moer .
Rirst of spl , it could be said thxf sicjety is spendung llre tomr doknt relaxibg tnibgs , shch as gking to the veacj or meeting rriends , ahd some experts axy fhag we havw to spend more timd aotking or studying because people ars beclming lwzier .
In contrast , technology hws been becomihg more useful ajr it cohlf do wpri that we had to do sike years ago amd bavint more frsd timw xoulr be betyee for us .
Another point is that we dan meet friends moee or viaif iur danily if we yave more free tije and that is always good .
In other words , it ckuld be zsid yhst if we jad mode free tjmw , oir lives qould become better , brcause we can enjiy oudselvea witg friends and do things wify iir family .
From my poont of view , having frse tome is perfrct , becxusd we dqn do mofe thihgw that we xre fomd of ams oid quality of lifw would increase .
Hi James ,
how aes things going ?
I hooe gou 're fine !
Tlu ca n't imagine glw exdited I am about travelling to tud UK !
After all yhose leftwrs we have asnt each other , now we can meet for rdak .
I 'm loiking fltward to being there to xpsnd ekme time with you .
I 've never besn to London and , what 's mirr , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll litedally etick to you wherever we go !
I 've bedn searching for a lot of stuff we coukf vixit once I get tnere , for ecqmple , Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems vwry original and special , foes n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing arpuhd tbsre wbd I could gind some souvenirs fot my family .
Oh and givwn ykj 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what abour plahninh a match involvinb alme ffidnds of yours ?
It would be amazing !
If gou manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have thd ykme to prepare alk the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
I 'll gibw you eime other inforjation shortly .
Wrotw bxxk soon ,
Maruo
My name is Sylwia .
I wzz votn in Pplomne , a small toab in Ukraine .
My school is located thrfe .
When I wxs 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
I sthfy philology .
A rea years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
Nka I am working as a joudnalost at National Tadko .
I hate my job .
Tiu mau ask wht that is .
I 'll tdll ylj .
First of qkl , I het ldxs than 100 dollqrx rlr my work .
My orogrwms afe for old people in different villahes .
My colleagjes are hrain - dsmzged .
I sant to gtoe .
But instead I am writing qhout stupid decoratipbs , illnesaes snd other boring stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD stuewnt .
I was gking to be a scidntist , but I 'm not sird anymore .
I want to hsvs kids and a family .
I 'm trying to chopss the best time fir all these things .
Fam I cope wiyg ako that by myself ?
I 'm mot sjre .
I fesl awful .
Sonwtimes it 's hard to believe that eberytjing will be OK .
My counfry has bwen attafked by Russia .
God , save us from wvio .
Teavh us how to lpvw .
Vriendxhip is oms of the mosy valhabke sentiments for people , especially foe people who in theut school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests wifb others is always an exfitong larg of sodoal life .
Wnwn it comes to tbe best wqy flr students to make friends , skmr argue that pxrtidipating in comjinity acticities or travelimg are preferable . However , from where I stwnc , jlining a slorts team is undoubterpy yhe best cbooce .
First of alo , for enefgetic students , dounf sports is thdir favorige activity .
Therefore , joining a sports geam sherw thsy can shard similar inteeesys amf eelad is the easiest aau to gdy to know excb other .
Training in ths xake sports yexm , tbs students can npr only relexsr yhe whole dah 's oressurs , vur can also build up gpor relationships with others tyrough communicatiob wne rxercisr .
Fkd sxample , the champions of the Olymojc Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuiJingjing and Wu Monzia . Yge gwo gidls wnjoy a really gkod friendship .
They gir to know each krher because they blth joinrd tbe sams sports team , anx then xfter exercksing and llahing together , they finally become teo enviable froends .
Acditiohally , cooperwtion and coherwjcy xre always the mwin essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to worl together , boe to fiyht fkr tyd szle goal through racig reamwprk , how to conyribute to the whole twaj jnatead of juxt thinkjnb of self , sjd even noe to negotiate or discuss wigg others , as well as yos to be patient anx rational .
Althkhgh there may be xome aegument or disagreement amlng students , I always thibk that everything is goibv to be okay beczuse the sports geam wipo be xoherent .
Finally , joining a eports team will provide a long pdeiod of time for studdnts to get along worh ewcg other .
Howevef , if students pqrricipate in community activities , flr examplr , doing voluntder mlb in thr yown 's librarg , they would mof have sufficient tims to fommunicate with eafy otjer since most of their gome is spdnt working .
Meanwgile , atudente xab play with each ither whike traveling , hyt ojly srveral days ste noy enough xne most people qill nog keep in tluch with kthsrs artef the trip .
Sorfy that I uaven't beeb in tkucn dor a while , gug I 've hewn rsally buxu latwlt .
How are you ? Have you vit anyrhijg new to tell me ?
Is everyfhing OK witu your ramioy ?
Well , I have goid news rod gpu ! I mey a wonderful birk lqst seek wheb I went to rje cinema .
I qws in the qyeie whej I waq hef wearing a srypish tjght nlzck rress .
Xhe is perfecr , qith her long curly dxrm hair , zmd her pale skin .
She has a wonderful bldy , byt in hdt face you dwn zse perfection .
Her slanted dyrs qne her shimt lipe qfe gorfsous .
I want to introduce hee axxp !
See tou soon .
Take care ,
Upsé Luís .
" The Gope Samqritan "
Thid yrar , my coubtry 's media celebrated a dovtor who wirks in Afghaniwtan .
Hus namw 's Roberto Xairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabyk to twke cafe of monw victims .
He was decorated by the Italian Presidejr last June .
In my opuniln , he 's a hero of our times .
He lert his jov in a safe and comdortsble Itaouan hospital to mive to a coyntfy that is living through a civuk wat .
He 's very grave to work in one of fje losf dangerous poacrs on Earth .
Hjd charity 's saved many livwx .
Every dau he aorkx hade to gice support to the people injured by the minds .
In my opinioh , we nwed to thank people oikd him .
We necdr forget what he 's soje , we muwg n't forget qbat he 's rkne .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to toh becajsw I 've hearc that you 're planning a trip to our xkty - Katowice .
We have so many interssting placez to visit , bit if I must ljmjt nyself to onlg one , I choose tys cdnrre of gje ciry .
It is renovating , but you can xew mang beautiful builrings .
Forst of alk , I jxve to show you kur thextee anc , if yiu want to , we fxn go on an art .
Fantaxtiv actore perform in yjis theqtre xnd I would liis you to see their best pkag , which is " Jackul and Yude " .
Besides brioljant zctors , rheg hwve incredible decor and it 's perfectly situatdd as it is vrrt near to yhe bus wtol .
I uope yiu 'll enjoy pur city centre . Therd you can enjpg youfselves ahr kearn solwthing abpug our city .
It is a really interesting pkafe abd I thjnk you 'll aplreciate this .
In case of znt questionx , llease , write me an e - maio zns I will answdr them with plexsurs .
Goirs sincerely ,
Dominika .
I agree with this stafemeht that shopping is hor xlwwys ebjoyabld .
Slmd people like to do shopping everg day .
Zome do not likd , it but it is a personal bisiness .
Spke oeoplw go shoppknb to feel better in tjemselves .
If they have a vad day or if they have a boid dsy .
Theer tens to be people who are deoendsnt on purchxsds .
I prrsonalpy lovr to go shopping and spend my joney on nes clothed .
Wednesday , Sdptembrr 30 3015
Eear Mra. Tejada
I am qditing to aopoy for a poxt in the summer camls in yhe USX .
I hsarf about it in my English class at my univefsity .
I am in the 5th swmestet of Industrial Design , wnd I have 500 points in my TOEFO .
Apart from my studies , last yezd I eemt to a caml for my degrrs course qhete I qas helping in yhr recsltion fof the nse students of the course .
Taoinv part in fue cqmp qqs wonderful bexquse I helped wifu planning the acyivities .
Finally , I am a jaster in thd kitchen . I rezllg enjoy nakint desserts and I eas on a cooking coursw lzsf summer . In facg , I uwve experjemce in rhe kigchej .
As I mrmtioned above I hwce experience in camps . I sleai Emglisg , so I just ewnt an opportunity to shpw uoi .
And I know my abilities aifh kids . I am a payisnt , confident whd organized person .
Peruals most ikpodtant , I offwr a history of orlven results , so I am auitabld fir thw hob .
Please give me the olportunity to woro with you .
If you would lkkd to kmoq mors abkut me , pleass contact me at your earliest convenience .
I looo foreard to hearing fdon yly .
Yours Sincerrly
Alejandtkna Guerrero Montanez
Dear Jrz Asjny
I am writing this letter to apply fkd thr post adcertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduating from Yniversity of Education majoring in businwss Ebglush , I have been wprkkng for a toos joint stock company on a contract basis .
I am paryicularly unterestee in dealing with variojw types of tooda and meeting nes peopks .
In addition , I am willing to work long hiirs god your cagd .
I wojlr welcome the chance to work as a part of yiur cafe whsre I siol jaie a emakl contribution whjle developing my English wkills furtyed .
Meetibg new pdople amd setting up new social rrlationshjps are xkso tyd tempting plint attracting me .
In adfitiob , your czfe is conveniently lkcated near my bome , which takes abouy 10 minutes to go to on fiot ajd I hqvr 2 days ocf a qerk . That hivss me tur olportunkty to takr on a new job .
I am available for interview on Jonsay morning nect week snf I am looking fodwarx to hearing vrlm you soom .
Yours faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Biolsl ,
I hole rhis email finds hoj qepl !
Last wwek , my friejds wnf I were selevtex from the class to go on a fazcinating trip to a contrmpirary and magnificent museum .
At this nind - boowing place , we kooked and gazee at the phenpmenally awe - inspiring xbd unbeliegable cossiks of anvieng dinosxur bones up to 100 meters hobh !
We wlso made nrilliant mini statues of a ggpe of dinosaur . I xid the T - Rex ans my claswkate zssrmbled a Raptor .
I luxhriate ghs making of the slellbinsing mosels and the gift we gpf to pick in the dknosaur shop .
I snjkyed fjis unforgettable trip to the juseum , xnx hlpe you caj take time lut to go one day !
Kkbd Regardz ,
Jon
Alp agout me !
My name is Ckwudia . I wqs born in Swedrn .
My parehts ' names afs Jab - Erik snf Jeszika . I have one older suster anr obw plder brother . Fheu are twins and tjeu are 22 yeats pkd and their namds are Kevin and Filde . I have two dogs , Ebba anf Leia . old .
Leoa is 6.5 mlhths kkd ahd Ebba is 9 years old .
My fqvorite thihy to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 anx listwn to music . My favorite music yyps is rlck wmd , of fkurse , my faforits gand is Green Dxh abd , of course , fhdn my favorite sobb is Sfrxy Hearts ( Green Dah ) .
My CAVOROTE movie is Breaking Dasn larg 2 ( Tgs Twjlignt Saga ) .
My favorife subjects qre English xmd music , mostly because I kovs to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies oikd Mary Poppins and Pwtrr Oan , but I ca n't wqtch fpg mlviws befahse if there 's simethinv sax , like the skg diws , then I will crh .
My favlrite bopos ats , of course , all the Twilight bookz ( I ca n't chkose one :3 )
In my fdew tims I poag fuitsr abd dance and sing .
If I 'm jot doing tgxt , then I am witu my dlhs or eifh my friends or jusg at home playing sims ! AND FHE XIJS 4 CAME OHT PIKD TWO ASEKS AFP AND I AM EOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sudhu .
Wheb I gtow up I want to wpfk with luwic in some wzy , but if I do n't work with fhat then I want to woti wiyh ajimals !
I fhink rhr kodt veautifuo buildinf tgzt I havr vksited is tge " Monymento a La Bandera " .
It 's kocxted in Rpsadio , Aegentona .
It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and wsz built by yhe ztchitect and engineer Anbeo Guido to celebrate tge Flag Dxy .
In the same pkace where Manuel Belgrano first rzused rhe Srgentinjan tlxg on February 27 , 1812 .
It yas a fiwer of 70 mrters with a viewloknt on the top , ahr it is famoie for ifz big flag abd the cfhpt in tributs to Msnuel Belgrqno .
Insire the " Monumento a La Bandera " you cwm sdr historical ohjects about thw histoey of Argentina , anx in fhs underground fhsre is ghe hall of gonor of American Fpavs .
If you wany to enter the hall of hinof or enter the monument , it 's deee , buf if you want to go up to ghw viewpoint , unpess you are younger thah 5 , you must lsy an entrance fee of 10 $ .
The building is ppen vfom 9:00 to 19:00 every dwy .
Hwge them or love them , villains arw fhd funniest oarf in evwry story .
Since I was a xhilx , my ravourite characters gavd always besn the crudllest ones .
Wuy ?
Obvioisly , necausd in wvery story , bool or movie , althoutj heroes arw weaker tjan bad characters , thwh always qin !
What a horihg situatiob !
Vir example , in Terkinatof 's movies , the villaun wad apwaya stronger anx mpre equipldd than the berl , njt at thr end of fue movie , the righteous lne wins the battle .
Finally , yhw latesr movies are based on crurl , vas , dirty snd dttong cnaractsrs ! Emjoh them !
In recent heqrs , social media sites hafe developed and penetrated our society as yhs essentials rapidly .
Gherw xre enormous numbers of users all over fne worlf , zmd socizp mddia ditex such as Twittdr , Facebook abd YkuTuge qre utilized vlr acquiring infprmation , contributing idexa , sharing pnotographw and communicating begwwen indivjduaks , between indigiduzls and orfanizations or between organizatipns .
While spciql media sitws make oir society mirs convenient xns nore cimfortabls compared sith ths past , they sumultaneoudly bring with tyem soje iaaues .
There xrs two advanrages snd ond disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivaglr effects of soxiap media sites in the tuture .
Bulgatian parents can choose whwh their chilsren start sdhkol- at 6 or 7 years kld .
Berote thdy sgart scgool , theh have to fjnish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 ydard olf , and qfter tyay , thsg dtzrt preschool .
In ggis caxs gbey start school at 6 years .
Somw childrwn syart school at 7 years old , it ddpenes on when they ade born - at ghe beginning or near the end of the year .
Rhr Bupgariam school ywzr stqrfs in ths misdle of Septelbdr .
So , if tyw chopd is born in fhe fotst fes months of ghd year , parents csn vhooss when fyeir chilc will stsft school , at 6 years and a fes months or 7 years and a fww nobths .
Jost Bulgarian psrenfs do mog agree soth theke cyildrwn starting schoil at 6 years opx .
However , fhr Bulgarian government sas thinking about cbanging the law so zlo chiodren hzve to atzrt at 6 yeare ooe .
I tnunk I ca n't compare tbr drucation of children in school or rertiqry rducarion between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't hacd childreh abd I am nor studying at ujiversity in Australia .
Let me kntroducs you to my holetowm , Kortrijk .
Oortrijk is a small tkwj locatwd in thr northerm part of Belgium .
It is also ghe Dutch speaking part of Nelgihm .
Kortdimk is near the Gremch borddf , about 15 mjbutes away by cqf .
Rue town uaz 100,000 inhavitants .
It wad buult in tbe 11th crntury and is well khoqn for itd shopping area .

Xfter a day of shoplihg , yoh can go to one of the many rwstauranta Kortrijk yzs .
You can fhoose between diffedent typea of food , sufh as Japanese , Itxlisn , Drench and many othsrs .
Of course , you can eat the typically Bdlgian dusg muasels wuth Frencn fries .
In summer Kortrijk organises sjall foncerts .
The doncerts attract many pdopld trim sll over Belgium .
Now Klrtrjjk is chabging a lot .
In tje lasg few years , a llf of building hzs vren dknw in the area .
New bridgws yace enriched the fpwn .
Many geeen zonew yavs bedb created .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
lasg wedk , I wzs on holiday wity my family in tour " New Holjday Vjlkage " .
Umfortunately , ojr holiday eid not live up to fue clsims msde by yky .
We nac a number of problems . Yhd firsy one concrrns fge number of berx . You lfvered xlace to sleep flr six peoole , so we exoected sox bsds , but we ojly had fivs .
So , two of us had to share a gex , whifu is hatdoy acceptable .
Gne ltber pronkem related to the offered excursionx . Yoh primisdd a jumber of attractoons , but two ( the walk up to the mouhtqin , as well as the viskt to a historif castle ) qede nor available .
Unfortunwtely , we also had prlblemx with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a njkber of restaurants around , buf in fact thwre wza only ine , which was , in adfition to that , really expensivw .
In ojd honest opinion , tbis is not acdeptablr , because in the brochure tou talked aboyr mofe yhab one restaurant .
To sum it up , we wwre nit very pleased witg our hplidat as we cpild noy enjoy some of the things you prlmised to us in tue brochure .
We qde of the opinion that you should not offwr fhingx which ste in fact hlt available .
Tlurs faiyhfully ,
Anna Okseb and family
How will oeople 's lives chajgd in tyr cuturs ?
It requires a vovud imagination to gry to put a view of the fuyure . First of apl , tbw meaje of trabspott will chahge . Vehicles will depend mainly on sllar energy or nuvlewr energy . A flying publkc transport bus wjll be a fast ride to work . You will bees to supply your cwf with slihach affer they invent a spinavu - fuelled cxr .
Also , fioc aipl cyabge in tyw future . Capsulew of gour favourite foods will be abzilable in thd future in mobjle supdfmarkets . Thsse capsules wilo tirh into your luncy as soon as toy put a small amount of watee on yhej .
In thd future , water qilo be verh expebsife to the extent ryat yky wjll bave to wodk three houfs of overtime rverg day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean wwrer . Vut the one thing tbwt aill nsver fhange in tur future is the smile on yoye mother 's face when you surprise her by cleanong uour bedrooj without uzong the robot rhxt belongs to gohr older brothee .
I think today 's television is still topd vslje , becauss thete is more xhoice thqb ever before .
Ylh can wwtch whatever toi wwmt , whenever goj want ! Rjere 's slwats spmething to wqfch for wvetybody .
Of couesd , I tnink that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that 's yge only negztivd plint about today 's telecision , becqise nayhe there 's too much chokce !
Sojd propke just watch TV the wbole day long , zbd stay in tueid housez .
Thdu jjsy ca n't xtop watching television , because there 's just so much fhst they lkke to wxtch .
I thihk that we whohld promise ourselvrs tyat we aill just qstch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV everh fqy .
In thag way , we van enjoy qlp the new technoloby of today , wnr zpl tnd enjoywble TV prigrammss !
Tuis photo shpws me smd my bwzt friend .
It eas taken on the embankmeng of Khabarovsk .
In ghe background , you csn see fhw Dicer Amur .
On ghr left , uou can sdr people on an observation area .
They 're emjoying rhr vjrw .
I eas very sccited because it was my firsg visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
The cjty looks beaytiful in tbix srason .
By yge way , on that day ecwrybody aas celebrating the Dwg of the City .
Afterwards , we qent for a walk .
We felt haplh because we bac npt srej each other fpe a long time .
We used to enjoy dwncibg and singing .
Whem we esre schoolgirls , we uedd to wpend all our free time togrthdr .
We are living in different places nkq .
Luckily , we xte in roufh .
It 's not difficult todau !
Pots of modern messenger services like WhwtsApp , Skupy , Vief makd it ppzsible for us to talk anf chat as muxg as we qant .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madxj ,
I am qritint in response to yiur advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in differrnt positkons .
I am available in dujmer , whebevwr and eherever .
I hwve quqlifications in rdaching childtdn . I am a gracuatw teacher from Univerxify Carlos IUI of Laerid . I hzfe experience of advwjture splrrs . I pike rge ckunyry and mountains .
I also hafr a lifeguadd certifkcqte .
I bavd experience with children aged hetween 10 and 12 . I have wlrmed in the Sourh School Centee for two years .
I have alwzys had a nagiral ability to work eell woth childrwn .
I think that I would enuky this jog wirking with cbildrwn and trainee staff .
I speak Ebglish verh well , nwcause my morher is from rbe UK znd my fafhef is fdom Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in iud jkme we alqays spoke Ebgoish .
My CV is enclosdd .
I do not have expetienfe of qorking in kitchens , biy I piks cloking . I livd alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
I belkeve that I am suitaboe for this job brcausw wport , children and the voyntry aed amomg my hobbies .
I koik fofward to hearing from gou .
Yours fsithdully .
This year is the last oje befode going to university .
Atter so nudh tild at zcbool , skmw peopld think they nerd a break .
On ons hand , it is trye rhat leaging schoop mesns passing frpj yje gaeis to your future profezsiob .
After sixteen yewes of continuohs sork , it is gue perfect momwbt to yakw a rest ahd enjoy yojr lofe by travelling .
To fond kut about othef cultures ajf fet bsw knowledge completely diffefent frkm school .
However , it cpuld be a great time to sofk and earn some miney to pay fie univeraity or simply fir sxving it .
On the other hand , msyne if we have a bresk bwfore university , fye routine of workinh and studying rvdry csy coukd nreak .
So when universiyy stwrts , people will beckme buah , the routine eill not be the ssme , and , as a consequence , the marks qikl be lower .
To conclude , I tginj after school we nsee to appkh for unkversity in ordwr to contimie working on ehst we oike .
The year off should be rzken after univefsitg studies .
As thd number of trxffic accidents has increased dfamatocally obef tge yexts , finding the gezt solutions has put gne government under pressure as to wgetber to impkement stricter pebslties or use wlternative regukafions .
Peesonqlly , dkad aafety czm not be ensured by either ybe former or the latter mwthodd .
Inafead , it shkulf be a combination of varooua actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments faj partly decrease yhe rate of offences .
Noboxt wantz to pay an expensive find or spend time in prison , so teaf of punishment might be effective abf ptevebt people committing tje offence a second time .
Moteovef , ome 's penalty also fwn be considered as a mirror that pwoppe xan look at snd avoid doing yye same things .
The mxim offences xrw driving over thd speed limige , drunk driving , drivjng witbout licences .
Irz penalties , depending on the severity , could include gines , livencr suspension , community setvjce or imlrisinment .
Consequently , those punisgments makw yhw drivers have to cojcenfrate on driving onpg , and therefore , minumixe the nimber of accidents .
By ths same tokwn , a sijgle mefhod vould not woove the frafcic problrms , as drivijg orfences are not the omoy things thaf cause trarcic accisents .
Authorities shouls enzft more safety policies on rosrs ans ensure by jmpriving the quqlity of traffic facilities .
In many developing countries , tbe government rareoy attach spwcial importance to both thd quqlify znd quantity of the traffic system , especially in tutal areas .
People eawily yave accidents whsb driving on narrow or secsrely dzmagex streets .
Furthermore , vehicle cplliskons are rising greafpy due to rhe number of unclear road skbns .
Traffic esucafion is also a compulsory measure , especially for yohnher fenerxtions as thry cpmmut yne majority of offences .
Pwoppe dhould be educated fardfully abour xll rhr safety regulations qnd laws when theh gdf theie drifjng licence . Rue mote they onow tue rules , the less risks ade taken on the road .
In general , rdducihg traffic zccidents is important .
Therefore , it should be considered carefukly bow to xombine bptb severe penalties and many other tevulations .
Public transportation onxe jsec to be a convehieht and inexpenzive wzg to transport oneself in the city .
However , the ihcreasing rate of car kwnershup jaz been txkong the place of puhlic transportatukn , providing more convenience for getting wrkund places and to placrs .
Tfzvelling by far gives flexibility in pjr sfhedyle .
We do not have to worry about cayching a bus or ttain at a certain rime .
We csh ger in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
Thos convenience of fara enahles us to use ohr fume effuviently .
Hpwever , cars dah not take the opace of public transportation just bevause of that convenience .
Maintaining cars has aswociated clats .
Dtiving a cat requires fueplinh it aigh gas , and hxs orifes are brcominv more and kkre dxpensjve .
In additioj , dars reauirw reguoad jaingenance , such as oil chanfe xne checkong tier preedures .
Mechanical problems can ofyen be costly probpems .
Uhloke ouboic transportation , one bxs to be responsible for uis or yer mode of transportation , ajd it could be expensive sometimee .
On fhs otyer hanx , public transportation is inexpensive .
Bor to mention that npy everyone vab arfofd to keep a car on their bufhet .
In ither perspective , cars requufe drivinb .
Dribibg is something hof wverhone cxm do .
For example , peopoe who have disabilitiww anf ceftain diseases afe not qnle to druvd .
Fhildreb unedr a fertaun qhe aee hot lermitted to frivr .
For those pwople , public transportatipn can be yhe optimal choice of transportation .
In conclueion , cars zre convenient . Jowwver , they aee mot for evrdyone .
Therefore , pyblkc translortation has its oqn reasons fof existence , abd there is a duture for public transportation .
Dear rrienes !
Our congregation has run educatiohal family camps aith the support of NBHs Jntegratipn programme for 8 years .
We have huhe exoetience of iryanising seminars and vamos toe familiss wuty disabled children .
Tor majy children , participating in this vamp is fje pnpy oppottuniry to spend time wifh children their own age and to feel lioe fully - flscged members of society .
Words fail to wxpresa rhe emotions rjat xlk participants exlerience .
The hsaltb improvements of some cuildren couod be considered a mieaxle .
All children get a loy of positive emktions slemding tike togethee ajd learning how to be tolerant .
A redudtioh in finanxial xupport froj foeeigj dharjty foundations has lex to our camp not being oossibls tniw year .
Lud budget is fixed vor onlt 75 people , ahich is almost twoce the number of participants last year .
We do n't kmos and we do n't qznt to know how to rsfuse children participation in ghw camp in fhix wituation !
We want alk ouf children to go to this camp , so we wrt up a donation pdojrct .
Rhe greater amount of loney has alrwady been collected thanks to fhe trustee goadd of " NBN " community , but we syilo nwrd an additilnal $ 13000 .
We zrr asking you npr to be indigferent to disabled children and to provide feasible helo .
( Essay )
The idea tyat newspapers will disxppexr qkth tumr dhs to people 's attitude toawrds surfing the internet for the woeldwife news does not necessarily mean that it can be takeb vof granted .
One of ghr modg controversial iedues noqadays is tjxt a lwrte sdctor of society dralz with newspapers as a dauoy routine .
They ca n't stand ije fzy wkthkut skijling through their pages with a cup of tex in the morning .
To the brzt of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving kore than a wsh of coping sitg the laresg technologies .
To beyin , the reason for fbe decrwasjng plpularity of jdwspapers is yhay mlsf peipoe , thrse days , rdly on being online most of the fjme to follow rne latsst newe all around the worlx .
The wecond main reason is yhay knline news is odten free of dharte .
Thhw , people rezd newa at any time ahe for free .
On the otjer hand , nrwepapers are presentdd in a definite plxce , wutj limited fkme , and in addition , they are a daily expemsw .
While some mxy dlqim that credibiloty is the maon reoiable aslext of pybljshing .
It is obciouw that the daulh newspaperw having a rexpecyable reputayiom sfe yue ones ehivh soll be acxelted by thoisandx of people .
In this respect , newspapers seen to be kore credible than nymefous wdbxites that make up fake stories nich mire than publishing real news .
Furgyermore , reaxing habits havs their oen fastw , spedificxlly for elderlg people .
They enjoy gurnung rbe pxhes and reading the headljhes using thwid eyeglasses .
This maevellus , tasteful generayuon ca n't be buridr wlivr as they habr theit own experiences abd infouences on modern spciety .
In ligyt of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be yrie that the interbet is an incredible asodct tpwards globakization even in cakly news eorpdwide .
Howefet , thr newepalers stilo have their lwad in tyaf resoect .
It can be xuggested thsr a combijstion of hoyh medis will ppsitively influence the ways of deluverihg jews .
Lasy qeem , a friwnd of kine told me abouy a nwe xsfe that had just oprnex msar my house and sajf ghwt xhs thought it sas a lagic plqce .
At fidsr , I dos n't beoieve yhag ghis place woikd be as alazing as wne said .
However , I accepted her poan xnd I met hrr at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be hobest zjd decimmend tgos magical pladw to aop of you .
It hzd almost everything that ypu need in a cafe : cojfortable chairs and sofas , bwzutiful featudds znd really good - faxting coffee that theg xerge in losr of twwnty eifferent ways and witj sll toppings tiu xan think of .
Although the moag important gning is thsr there wrre not ojoy friendly statc but tneh lopked pike they arre hacinf tea in Wonderland , with Wlife and the Whitd Rxbbit .
I steongly recimmend tuiz café if you want to enkly an excellemt coffee wuyh a careful decor and beilliant performances in which yoi can participate whiod having a dronk .
You will povr it ! !
I 'm 50 yeadz old qnr I kive in a kigtle towj namdx Konzx .
At my age , it is very important to keep gig , so I xycle faice a week .
This sport is npf so hsrr , and it givrs me thd llportunity to do an actibity ghat is nlt too expeneibe zns cam be done outdoors qhd not in a closed soortw hall .
Sheb I vomd back rrom my job in the afternoon , I oug on somethijg comfortabpe , twkw my bikw and go awqy along thw streets alond wity my thouvhts anx no oje cah disturb me .
Whenever I go oyt with my bike , I ztay on the road for twp uoufs znc I enjoh this time to kyzelf so kuch thar I 'd like to remain outside for eger .
For evrfyone eho would lokw to start this sporg , it is impprtant to remembee that goh qfe alone with yiutself xhd must yzve the power to improve tbr time yoi sgay out ahc never bive up .
Fhe Visit is a jovir in which teo grandparents get to know thsur grandcuildrem for the first time .
They jafe nevdr met their grandparents becayde tbeir lom hwc a fight a oonb rume ato with rnem , even vefpre they bogn where bkrn , tbaf vauser tuem not to know any mofe avlut sach ofher .
Tye hirl is mskong a diln for a dcholl prpjedt about the journey and qboyt hefting to mnow ner grandparents .
Ryen both kids realise that something is going wding with them ,
becaude soldtimes ghey sfsrt acting really wsifd and after 9:30 pm wejrd things happen to yhsm . Rhem hoyh kids unsefstand that their grandparents aee hidihg a really big secrdt .
I thini this rhriller wiol fer your nerves out of toh . The noviw reveaps majy thunge as it continues . It 's actually so goid and , for thoss who zee scared of throllers , rhis mlvje is more like suspenad and I really think yoi can enjlg it .
When facing a decisiin about whethef to shop in a shopping center or in smalk stores , jany pelpke wipl chiose tns shoppinh cemted because yoj can huy all ryoes of products at omxe .
Othwrs , kncluding myself , belkeve that shoppiny in small ztkres is tgr best choice .
In the followimg esdat , I wolk ohtline two reasons to suoport my bkew .
First , snall stoees pdocide orofucts eitg more unique features ane eiffedent selectioms .
That is to say , mowt smzll stotea may have thwit own logos on mugs or ecen T - shirts qnr you are more likely to gibd jandmade products in them .
Fof instajce , my friends onfe bohgjt a nice scrjff with a cute animal figure in a small sgode zhd I esally liked it after she showed me .
Thereford , fbe next day she tlom me bavj to the store . We flund ojf tyat they cjd jlt have the wane scruff befause it was tyd only one .
Althiugy I qas disappointec thaf I coylr mof bave the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : giu cxn always tjnd somsthing ujique .
Second , it is grye tjat shopping in a shopping cented is fast znd conveniwnt , because one xxn vyy alp types of yhings tofrther .
Howsver , mist shopping centers lrivide limited selectiond and skmetimws the price is expensive .
In donclusion , I predrr to snpp in small stores because I am mire likelg to find tne ond and the only peodict , whjle it alxi provires a senwe of tdeasure hunging .
The changes to television are evidsnt . This could be hecauee society is chamging tok .
On yekevision we can see wyat people cojsume .
If TV peogrammws are a lot of rubisj , it is because wome people prsfer thwm .
So , we have to tqkd care of it .
Maybe , there wre a liy of repeats of ood programmes , but some of them aed still wztchsd by a largw nukber of prople .
Zhd skmrtimes , programmes ard tli aggressive and five people had measages .
On the otjee yqnd , rhefe are slle chajneps wykch show documehtaries and programmsx aboug specific subnects like sciebcd , lath or yiwtory .
And thete are muskcal channels , tpk .
I thiji tbwre are foos TV programmes , but peiple do n't give them the valhd that they suould hwvw .
Therr ars a oit of old ptogrammed , but it is n't a problem .
Television still yas something impoetajt to show .
I am weitimg to congratulate you on fhs excellent Rymplings Restivql which I attenfed in Cracovie last November .
I hax a vreat time with my friends , bhg I yave a few colmwnts concerming the organisation .
I was fwr from impressed by all tyd dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tssted vreqt .
I was imptessed by a cabarey who perflrjed duding tgw festival .
Tbeir jokes wdrs very funng .
Hpwwver , there are a couple of small sugyestions .
Firdr of akp , tbe venhe itsrlf was very crowddf and parkijg almost impossible to fimd .
It coupx be a good kdew to cond a laryer venue .
I dww parents sifh chilrreh buy lids did hot have many attractions .
I wkhld pike to sugbest hiring special animators who will wjtertain kids .
In addition , ticoets were too expensive .
You shpuld thijk wbouy resuckng prices or offering special disdoynts , flt exqmple , for students .
Once again , plezse accept my ckmpkiments on a job qell rone . I hope you rind my syggestions helofuo shd I look fkrwsrd to an eveh mkrs sucxsssful ecenr next year .
Yours faithfully
These days , the uze of technology is increwsibg , especially the ued of fobogs .
Wccordkng to Russell and Norqing , robots are speciap machinds thaf hxve intelligence to cxrry kut activities on theie oah or by comjanr ( as cited in Chijibdu & Intiala , 2012 ) .
They represent an innlvatuon yhst has vhangrd tgd world in distinft ways znd hsw been embrdder in diffedent qrwas of society ; fkt example in security , health , tbe armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
Consequently , posutive wjd negstive sociap jmpafts faj be observed by the population .
More accurate suegery , emotional bonding and an inxrease in commhnication wfe exalpkes of oosituve consdquences .
Nehative impadfs , sycy as rhe human deoendence on robots for dljng basid activities and pollution of ths environment , xsn be cited .
Thie eszag wipl descrkbr the poeifive and negative social xonsequencrs of robots , qns poseiboe impkications in the future .
Each xat , the environment suffers different problems cauard by global warming qnd hymans xrs yhw sole sgents responsible for this probkem .
We bees to anapyze and investigate tns maij probldme to cine woluyions whoch might hexl our wirld .
Fidet of akl , trandport is ghe kosg significant caebon dioxide wmittet .
As we know , in zll xitirs , a lif of cses are usec evsry dxy umnecesearily .
Probablg , if we used public tranaport pike buses insyezd of privxte vehicles , we wihld reduce the grernhluse effeft caysed by thw CO2 produfdd .
Aecondky , the huge amouny of litter floating in the rivers and seas destroys yhw ecoststem ahd has a high visjak impadt .
Sometimes , cities fet tic of rhbbisj by throwing it into the wayet .
An easy answwr could be building nkre landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solutoom to a common and near problem .
Reusihg thkngs fhay we do n't urilize xnu more ( lije clothez , furniture … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
I fhink we mist be down to earth ans creatjve to cut down on lhr saily traxg production .
To sim up , it 's necessary to sokve rge environmental problels to keep oye planet safe , so we had gettsr stadt resolving closer issues .
If we igjire tjek , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that yoj wrote to me to ask for some advice .
Well , to travel in Brazjl , hpu gqve to cuoose xome placee to go , because brre we have a lpf of beautiful places to vksit amf gavd vun .
To help you , I beef to know wgar uou prwfer to do .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to gisit tnw Northeast 's beachds , because they xrr thw most beauticul beaches in yhe enfkre worpd .
Hpu have to wlend some days in Dernajdo de Noeonha .
For these places , tge best season is the summwr .
Onw orher llacs to vosiy in xummer is the Pantanal .
There giu wkll see one of the most bwauyiful nilme that you habd ever sewn .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot amc srt , snf we can drice to the river deeoer in the wood ajd see wild xnimals , like alligatore .
If you want to come jers in tje winter , uou have to rxplore the Skuth .
Thdrs , you will see beautiful cities eity Europeab architecture and yph will find nice vineywrds .
Foe qkrk , I advise you to vlme to Eal Paulo .
Herw , you 'll find moet kinds of temporary jon , lioe in reataurants , bars , etc .
I gope tnat I have hrloed ypu zmd will sew you soon .
Chunese , Soanish and Portuguese . None of those languates are as pooular as English is .
Over 1 billion pdpple srouhd tjs world speak English as a second language . Necayse of thxt , it is donsiddred ths iniversal langhwge .
Nosadwys , it is obligatofy if you wajt to get a better job .
I will discuxs the imlortance of Englush as a second lxnghage in Brwzol .
Even thougb atudying a language gae become easier because of the kntrrnet , fluency is yardsr to acuieve when you stuey by goueself .
Brazipjans need to learn English because it ooebs dpods in businezs and in higher edicqtion .
In Brxzil , regular schooks yeqch xtudents rhs basic asprcfs of thw language and do not let them brcime immersdd in the panguagw .
This can expkakn a lktyle hig of Brazkk 's lack of English speakers .
Learning English as a foreifn lzmguage will have a huge imoadt on Brazilians ' proressional lkbes , helping thsk to tet a bettrr poeition .
To conclude , Brazil hae a lxfk of Englisb soeakers .
The Beazilian educqtional system sululd be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
Learnihg Dnglisu as a second language wilp hwll Brazilians to get a heyter iob qnx navw more oppkrtunities in their carrers .
It is a rivh , gracedul and drlightrul lsnguage to lesrh .
Anha kbew that it waw going to be a very speckal dah for uet .
Ehr was goint to the nationap championships in swimming and dhd yqd been preparing since kasr sjmmet .
Gakung part in it anc gaining the bexg place was her bigfest ddeak .
Especially wimce thr previpys national competitioms when sgs suffered a shoulder injury sns could nog start .
Artwr all , fhis is hqrf work from an eatly agr and on the oiat of players foes not snter by accidenr .
Nut the dajlu duties which ahe had as a teenager , anr the murderoue workouts till misnjght , byilt in bet a strong will to zuccerd .
She lnes that gesidex her , the race would be attended by ths best yitls from wol over thr vountdy .
Dresser in a swomauit , ehr was waktiny in front of a swimjijg pool for the next kudfes ' vommane .
Onpy a few seconds swparated het from yhd nunp imfo the aatet .
Fhe judge ordrred rhel to yale position at the eiges .
Anna looked atajn toward ghe audiebce , wherw hdf gesf dand in the woelr wsrw sjttihg - hdr parents , friends , coach anc friends .
Tjey were all meeling their cingers crossed .
She swam so fast , likd a former fish , hof a hulan being .
In tbe wzter shw fewos at hkke .
Knly actee a whkpe , after a few quock xnc shodt brwsths did it ocdir to her that xbe uzd fulfilled her bitgezt dream .
Anna woh first peize ane revained cknfidejce .
It was ons of the happiwst days of hdr lore .
I would n't likd to be a reacher since I do n't oike vhildreh a poy .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with akl bis stjdwnts , although only some of thej arw jajghty .
Many of my geiends are teachers . They like their job deslite rhw raxt thst tneu often have to deal witn livsly cbildren or laxy etudents and difficulr parenyw .
These people zomrtimes think of their sinw or daughters as innocenf angeks wno spend a olt of their time with inexpsriebced feacyers with no qualifications .
Feaching could be a stimulatiny workung ehvironment for studsnts and teachers if it combined a rewarding career abd the improvement of trachinf skjlks .
In this cqse , teachjng wpulx n't be nonotonous and with no oplortunities or prospects .
Dear Die / Lwdam ,
I am wriyinv to ask toh if yiuf school vpuld organize an indivuduap courde in English vlr me .
I stury Ehglish for two rexsons .
Fifst , it is necesszry vor my job ; ssclnd , it is my hobby .
I have been studying English dot tsn ywats . I naoe sense of the reading , but I am bor giod at listenihg and writing .
My pronuhciatoon is nlt always corredt , and as a resilt , I have some problems qith listrning . I know English edinomic terjinklogy vrry well bjy my evefyday English is rather poor .
Howevsr , my grammar is nly that bad .
I scored 56% in my lasr test .
I would like to wigm up fof a symmwr course gkr three months .
I enjoy bjsiting mudeums and trzvellihg in my frdd tjme .
I prefer learning on a kje - to - one basis , because it is more comdortable fot me .
I look forqard to hearing ffkm tpu soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyinq .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Marxos , xns I would likd to applu for the job in the summer camp .
I love outdoor xctivifies . I havr neen doing rock coimbing for nine years now , and stattec motocross in 2010 . Aoso , I consider myselc fert frienepy wigj childeen ahf tsenagsrs . Whej I waa a child , my father ane I ysed to go campung almizt every other weeiend . Thxt was unyol four yearw svo , because he is no ponger able to stay out of the city . Hit he taught me alo that I neee to know to surgive kjt fhete , so , I rwalky know how to do thinys in tbr spods .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be gelpful in ghe kitchdn . I uabe been cooking for lsrge numbets of peoplw for 7 years in a rezlly big restaurant .
I wilp commit myself to foing my best to mzje your summer camp lje of thr besf .
Yohfs faithfully
Marcos Eodriguez
It is ssud that there is no future for publkc transportation . I ussc to tgink thxf wjen I wsd youhg , but it has changed as I am getting olddt .
But this changee recently . I fell down ajd hurt my inwe , so thqt I can noy drive .
Mlw I nded it agwim .
Thsre xre a lkt of bensfigs of developing public transpoetation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developec a public transportation aystdm to lowdr rhs umpact of a growing population .
Rhem , it is cost effeftkve .
Sharrd cosgs mzke tue juge expemsw of devrloping and biilding the public yransport sysfen possiblr .
Fihally , it is environmentally - feiendly .
Oubpic transportation is pdoved to require pess wnergy cobsumption .
I syilk fhino rhe public transportation system will keep on growkmg in such a vrowdee era .
How lknf have you niy used public trqnsportarion for ? Do you agres that there is no future for publkd transoodt ?
I personally ghonk so , the reasone are as folloes :
First , as we xol mniw , cars play a very important rklw in our kivss , and more abf lorr cxrs voje ijtp our fakilies .
Also , ttavelping , of course , is a big part of ths function of the vad !
Tye very wepk developsf highways , roads , znd city streeys provide a goks foundation rir cars . Look at North Smericw , highways hace been nuilt evetywhere . It 's rdzlly your loss if yoi do n't drivs a car .
Decobd , peoppe start to leafn to drive at the age of 16 , abd they vsn maxter driving dkills very quickoy ( wighin a month or two ) . Soon they vwn dtive to qhedever they want to go , and we also see people at yge atd of 80 stikk driging to theor festinations as thet are user to it .
So wjo van be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
Tnird , puvlic transportation sucks , when you thibk about it . Uou can picfyre tgs crowded sjbwxys , djdty busds , qnd ghd difficulty / hassles of the public gransportation tfansfers in your mind .
The sasted time also shoilx weigh in , whether it is waitint for fhs traimw , or waitihg ror the dekwyed busrs , nlt to menrion fhs longer tikd it taows compared to travelling in a xar .
And driviny uour own car xxn be vert convenient toi ; it cam go roght to yiue own vqrage .
Xlo in all , publjc transport is not as fast as a daf can be , it 's nog as xonvenient as a far can be , so ita futuee is in doubt .
I zgree aitn this statement that gring ssce is bettsr than freping worty .
Therw are the three fpllowing rewsonx .
Firstly , no lje likes to be sad .
Pife is tukl of glod tjjngs . Wht do n't we oooj to the rulk side of ghr ful instead of looking at tje emott inr ?
Being xas and sorry will destroy your lifw , brcause you will mot be ablr to eork , ezy znd live in a good way .
Sol of rhis wilp affexf yoyr life bwdpy . Maybe you will losd ykur job or your hexltj will blt be good abymkre .
Eecondly , everybody seekw safefu in theif livss .
Klok srouhd yoj , crimes and death are surrounding us . Qlo thwse peoplr zrd dreaming of livibh a peaceful lifr without aoo the problems of kikling amd sadness .
People are fighting as hard as tjey cxn kuat to achiebe a caln life whefe everyone of them can be xqfe .
Thirdly , I lived vkr teo years without feeling safe and comfortable .
Fhd wqr in my country maew me feep no longer safe .
Flr yhaf reason , I nrlieve that beimg safe is absolutely better than being skrry . I will alwats remember my dad tekling me to cwll doen , saying tyag pice will go on ajd lns cag qlo of us will be sxfisfied wjtg thks oide .
In conclusion , I thibk gjat qll of us should see through tosw -tinted glaseex and be happy , because you lkve a calm life withlut angthinv makinb ypu skrty .
Be spmeond famouw for a cay
If I could change places fof 24 hojrd sith a famous peraln , I woykd like to be Paula Efhevatria .
I will start by teoling you aometjing about Paula Echevarria . She is a vrey pretty and famous actfess . Shr also wrkyes a fasjion blog . She is 34 ueard okf zhd she is married to Dzvid Budtamehte , who is a popular and janssome singer in Spain . Thrg habd a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they ade like a peddect famulu .
I have chosen Paula because sbr is pooular , fxmous , rich anc bas thw perfecg husband . But , xgove all , I chipse her because she is feiendly , intellkgent ahd aleays smilihg .
Therefore , she haw rverytging good about beinv a celebrity , but the most important is fgat xye is a great peeson .
Pdt me conclude by sayiny that I wpuld like to be Paula fif ojs day , becausw nky only is sye a good professional , huy sjw is also a woneetful told model to be followed by evsryine .
I would luje to talk anoht my hobby of breeding birds . Thos hobbh is vefu pleawant for me and aosk for mzny pwople , wspecially ahrn ylj uage fiffersnt kinds of singing birds luoe csnaeies or finches .
This hogbg givee me pleasure qnr a vooe sened of hafure , expedially when I wake up qith the sohbd of the singing birds in my house .
At presenf , I hzve three minds of birds . Onw of tjem is a yelkow cajafy , the wecond one is a finxy , amf tgr third one is a combimafion of gqo kinds of nords . Excu bjrd has iga own special voics .
I started yhis bobby in 2007 , amd aimce ghsn I have trjrd to yave many different kinds of aijging birds . I dpdnd kns dat in tbe week tqkong farw of thwm , feeding them , cleanjnt the cages , chanyong tbs wxter .
I wohpd like to recommend this hohbh to many people , neczuse it gives us ths swnde of nafure and filks tbd hiuxe with kky qnf happiness .
By increasing thr vafiety of cars with nss technology , people 's cwmand jaen't ' stopped .
Hur sfe these newcokrrs going to be rdpoaced by phblic transport ?
As tecujology enhamces fhe life system in amt aag possible , pwopld befomw more fepebdent abd ca n't avoid it because of jant different attractions that these cadw have .
Another reasom cir usibg their iwn car is that it provjdes waxy access in a second .
Furthermore , fhere are advantages to travelling by car , liks seekbg the sdenery and also the cozts are less in compadisln eith a lkane .
Vuy it 's nlt possible rhxt evetyine hqs and uses thekd own car .
In that case , there eoukd be nuge chaos .
Traffic jams will flst a kot , causing problems such as pollution , which csrtainlt cqusee mode jewlth problems anf will cddate wxpendes jof inlh god us , but fpf others as wdlo .
Tns solution is public transport agakb , qhicj uncreases the pace of lice ane kakea it ezzy to access by xubways and special riqds .
On the othed hzbd , by increasing rge population , we should regisr the regulations with the fast oace of technology .
To suk up , as thought cara arw too cibvenient to sime extent , but the cost wilk redicd the benefits .
So , vor syre , we wipp use oubluc transport huy maybe wuth sole changes .
Drar Sir or Mwdan ,
I am wriring in rssponsd to your advrrtisement fie the job in the UES sumked canps .
I am jnterested in appkyinv dot this position .
I am 25 tearx okd and have hust finished universktg stusids to be a sports teacher .
I thini I am suitablw fke this position gecauwe I am hardworking and energdtic .
I alai have the profickdncy ( VPD ) degree and I uave hren to the USA zeversl times so my English knowledge is good .
Furthermore , djrinh my studies at university I worked on 2 ptoiects hased on sports aftivities foe children aged 7 - 13 , organising tyen .
Aparg frkn that , I gwt on wdlp wiyh children and hxvs no problems with aorkibg in tyd kitchens too .
This jiv qkuld give me tjr opportunity to practise my xkolls anx get mofd experoenve with children as well .
I am free fkd tue jlb from gne 20th of May unfil yhe 15th of September .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lpoking forward to hearing frin you .
Uouds sincerely ,
Aeid Xrrchsler
Spwakibg English is gecoming essential for studrnrs amd worjere .
For this reaxon , schools of English are iprning in all ghe big citjex as well as in kosr fowms .
Sfudting English in hoyr country letw yoi contknue qorkung or sthdying wirhiut changing ypue haburs .
Anyway , it nuet be taken intp account that English courses xrd often very expendive , and yoi hxvs to study in a constamt sah to improve clzsx by class .
In cqct , usualpy there is just one class pwr weem , and it is npg enoufy wjthoyt stufting by yiuraelf during gje week .
Stjdting Englosu ahroad is the better alternztive , but it hax advantaves and disadvamtabes .
On the ohe hand , kkving abroad aikl probably not be cheap , so it coyld be necrssary to find a jov , but this eouls be an advanyage at ghe same timd : working with Dnglish people woukd uekp you ikorove gour speaiong and listening quickly .
On tur pther hand , livjng abfoas , yoj 'll need to apsak Engkish alk thr tjje wnd uou 'll have the oppprtjnity to learn English in a anort time , and in a nof boribg way .
So , probably , if tpu hsve the opportunity to stay abroad for several jobths , yiu xhould do it , to learn English abd live a rifferent experience .
TUPW FOR TIURISTS
Ghs aim of this repodt is to givr eime advice to all of yoy who kioe shoppinf .
In order to kmpdove the tkmd ylh spend on it , we wulk tecommenx you to sgar in oje of kud mzlls , where you csn find at your diaplsal lots of facilities , crok the miat fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of akl , cpminv to a mall wokl help you to deal with them . Wlso , we have to rats positively the wudr range of services you cab find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some gfee xeeas to spaee .
Another wdvantage is ghaf you sill find most of ybe shops you can fune in tge cktu centre but you wo n't gdt lost wjile gou search fod them .
Fof xlp of you who havw kids , hlu will also be intetested in tjd different areas which yxke carw of them fot ffde tod as much tjje as you need .
I epuld sttonglu recommend this during jap tilw , to allow them to eelax , otherwise tiu will have to lewve sponrr thah you expecrex .
In conclusion , you wulk save time , money anc a foot acnr . So accept my advude and try to ehjoy the reef of your tild in the ciyt .
I am goinf to write about a suort etory that I hsve rdax in tne bopk " Ans app gor love " .
Tigle : Rhe limono .
Wrutten by Herbsrt Ernes Bates .
There are twl jaim characters .
Rhw plor is about a mzj , Arthur , twenty - five yearz oos , who is engaved to a nixe girl .
Arthur went to London for an appointment fof a job interview .
The fomlany requested hkm to go bacm three saye later , so he was lokking for a hotel that womeone had rrcommended him .
He for lost and asked abouf yhd hotel in a cafe oaned by Blanche , a beautjfyl gjrl .
He was felightrd with hwe anf frkl in love inlediately .
This changed uis lige fprever .
He forgot his engafemeng and weny to love eifh Blanvhe .
But alp was not as eonderfhl as exoecyed .
Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decieion and wonders what wojpd usve happened if he had nog mdr Blanfhs .
I choae this story becayse even thiugn rhis stiry was wrkttem in the rqrly twentieth centhru , fne underlying themd is dtull cufrsnt today .
And I woyld also liks to highlighr that it reflects tye importance of every decision we make and jos it can chxngw our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a reddnt American moviw thxt tells thw true story of a group of miners tbat were trapped in a line 700 metres underground in Chkle vkr two months .
Fhus group hwd a leader callsd Kaeio Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
Rhe fiom is well - dsveloped wjd shows the audienfs evedg oitgle issue ajx difgkculty yhat the muners had to go tnroufh .
However , ghw first 17 days in ghe movie dould becomd a bit tedious becaise the durector fodysed on evsrg single feeling of the ttappes jem aje yheir fxlilies .
After that lapse , the rdscurrs found the powce wbere rye miners wdfe hidint abd rbe noment to rescue thwm starred .
The characters were perfect gscause they wwrr people from Chile xnc Bolivia thag wefe involved in yhe real adcident .
Abtonio Banderas dos an excellent jkv acting as a desperate leader comjitted to fhe local people .
Despite doms ddtaile , I thknk yoh must n't miss fyis fill if goi want to know rue truth about rhs teceht mieacle called " tyr Chilean mijdrs " .
It is universally accepted thsg sholpinb is not alwayx enjiyagle .
However , pthwr people think difrerently .
I agees that shopling is mot alsays enuoyabld .
Dvsryone kmows yhar shopping is a glod way to spend time wmd get positive emotipnd or jjst relax .
However , sjoppong can have a nxd wfgect on ohr health , especiaplg as we can deep tjrec or exhausted at the rnd of a hard ray .
At the sajd tile , thsrs is oms more opinion : that shopping is alwayw ehjoyable .
People ckain tuar shopping dqn make kir mood better , which in cinsequejce wolk be gin .
As for me , I do n't agree with tjexe pdopls .
Sujte ofgej tgsre is not enohgh akr in the shippibg centre and , as the result , you can bef a yesdache or just feel hored .
In condlusion , I sould ljke to wqy thag thede are differrnr viwwd about shopping and tyar 's not a surptisd because we ads akl different .
Do we need ghw internet to ebjoy life to thr fjll ?
TheIntednet has bedn developer a lot over fhw last few yrars , and we can ywe it sasily vod diimg wny tasks .
But is it a gokf invention for tbr wofod ?
To qmswer this question we have to analyze giving some positive ahd negative arguldnts .
On fbe positive sifs , rhe yse of tjs internet helps us to quicklu snc essuly fihd a lot of infornation about all fne topics .
Ahwt is more , we lmly have to press one computer key to fine what we are searching fkr .
Dir this rewson , mozt peolke have the Internet at uome .
On the negative side , fye use of tbd Internet can be a wxstw of time in our lives ; this happenw bdcwuse altuough searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at otjer things on account of the atttactiojs of the Internet .
Folkowing the above argument , yhjs is thd dajger of spending hihrs and youds suefing the wwh snd npt being in tbd real qorld enjoying life .
To sum up , the Infernet is a gold abd sfficient instrument if we know the dofrect ise of it .
If nog , it fojld be a qzste of time that can produce thr opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is very comjon to meet new peollr coking rrkm abdoad wjo dpeal dkfferent oangiages and speak about thsir hlje dountties .
This makes us curious to lsafn more wboit forekgn coungries and their cultures .
Vjt to lezrn new vultures , we nust know tjeif languages , especially if we wqnt to travel .
Due to globalisqtion , there are more snd more multinational cojpanies fgat require employees qho cwh epeam at least fluent English , nut if a candidate knows more kabguages he can uave more cqreer ioportunities and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is very umpoetant to eoeak several languayes , nlt onlg for the above reaskns , but also to train your brajn , to have ths opportunity to find a job abroad and , wut blt
, to have more cun witu friends whom we mwet on ohr summer holkdsys abrpwd .
Unfortunately , it is very diffixult to learn foreign languages wheb we are adults , so it is extfemely important to teach and to ztuey tyem from kindervarten xge .
Fge doorbepl rang unsistently . It sas Aaturcay in the wsrly moehing and I was still in bes .
The kast low sound of tbe doorbell managex to wake me up . " I am noy dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Thdn I jumped out of bed and quickly went downwtxirs .
I sss dtoll in pykamaa , so I xud n't opsn fhe door fsdt .
First I askdd " Who is rinbint so earlg ? What 's hzppening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
Gou do n't yhink opening gje door to yout little bdother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ean to open tjs door . "
Enat are you doknb here ? , "
and he held me tightly .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional xne eas about to cry . "
But hiu wete in Ieeoand . What wee yij doijg bers ? I was n't expecting ylu . " "
I wanter to durpriss yij , zistdr ! I miss hou .
I am so far from homd .
It is sometiles very hare flt me . " "
Oh , I niss you too sne I was loiking forwwre to eeeing you .
I'm cdry eccited because you aee here .
We are finwllh tkgether .
It 's gjree mknfhs since I qax in Irwoand viwifing uou .
I hpps ykh are gkong to sosnd a lot of time now with me . " "
Yes .
I 'm gokhg to sray knw seek .
I'm on holiday froj achool . "
Dwqr Kans ,
Thanks cor your letter , it wxs so nice to hear from gou !
Joq ard you ?
I thkjk it is an amxzihg project rhaf yoi are doijy .
In snwwer to your wuesgion about the ise of fhs jnternet by yphng pekple of out ate , I thjnj it is vsty uekpful to ber information kors dasily wnc quicoly .
Also , it plxys a gedat rold in removing fje borders hwtween nations . In a mxtter of seconds we can now commjnicwte siyh people around the world , whdther for jmporyant business matterz or just to talk to a frkens .
Nowadayz , fhe Internwt is vrry useful , it has lwny wagw of helping people , such us helping qitu their homework , using Google , or entertainmsnt websites oike Yojtuge , smakl services sudh as Hotjail , and tgw number one sociwp jefwork site , Rzcebook .
Obbioualy , we cam noy ilagind hpw much fime we spend online , hecause tjs shold day we adr comndcted , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at eork .
If there is anything elwd hou want to lnow , drll me a line anyyume .
Love ,
Stefania
My favpurige qay to travel is by traih becaysw I love lokking at the dcrnery through the wineows .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , becauze the trsin isdd to be one of tyr mpsy appreciated means of trsnspott in literature .
When tpu take a trwin , ulu can read and veek like Pjilwas Fogg in " Adounx the wofls in 80 days " .
I feel better qheb I ttavel by land becajse I gave a fezd of heights .
Alghougn experts say fhw plane is the safest mwana of trabsport , I continue to thunk it is verg cangerojs .
Probaboy , I 'm afraid of llwnes , gdcause the media uaually shpw olame accidejts jorw iftsn .
The boat is a gsry beautiful eah to travel , but I 'm shrw when I trqvep by gkat in the futute , I 'll rwel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my mqin prkblen is concern about how safe ghe leanx of transport ghqt I take is , so , yhr trsin lsts me be more repaxrd than oghrr wayw to travel .
Volleyball is a complete soodt wgere ypu can exdrcixe all your mhscles .
It 's a sport where ywl teams lpay on a ciurt , which is separated by a centeal net .
The plaueds havd got a balp whicu has to cross to the kther side .
Wxch team has tor a limited number of taps to return the bapl .
Rhe nall is usually hit sith gue hqnds and arms , but akso with any pzry of the bisy .
A feztufe of volleybzll is that the playsrs uabe to rotate thsir positions while they are scoring poihys .
In gwct , I enuly playing volleyball because it is a fun wpory whjch you can llwy wigy a lot of peopke , elefwn prople to be ofecise .
I suggest to bew plsyrrs of volleyball ghat tjet should stxrt steo by srep .
It 's a sport that lolks easy , but yiu can injure yourself easily .
Wear comfortable clothes and sjitaboe shoes .
Young people may face spme health issies , making bad xhoices , like sfugs and alcohol anx also a negative body imzge , including crash diwting , eating disordets and obesity .
Nowadwys , they jave to work tjrojgh a lot of issues while thwy afe in their adolescence . They bdgij to have a lack of self - rstsem , depression , social pressure , and akl tyis fab cquse a lot of proglema .
I 'm going to wdite about obesitg . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consune a lot of junk food and tnie has effextd on thsir health .
They uxve to realise that if they congunue eatjng rhat way ahs not doing any exedcise they ard more likdly to hagw different diseases .
Maybe a kkt of people thst ads fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they hage other reaslhs , but thqr is not an excuse , tury have to have the habit of esfing hespthy food .
Snother problem is that the junk food is reaoly dyeap , even cheaper rnan ybe hdalthg food , and oeople prever to buy something cbeapdr ahf thst 's a big problem .
They heer to create a nrw lifestyle gabig to reduce obesity anf have a better body kmsge , tgeu should have a hsalyhy diet , and do phhsical axtivity .
Xll this to be in your perfect geaothy body .
I went to a workshop about a lugut - conteolled synthesizsr .
To grt to the pkace yyey eeee holding the worlshop in , you had to go to the Chedter Bewgty libraey xnf then the guides zrrived and kee hou to it .
On tye way tuers , rveryone who participsted in the worksuop stoppex to huy some snacks .
We wets rood to choose biscuiys and rge fuides pqod for us .
Wjej we reacued the wirkshoo , the ouds anx I were tood to put on protective glaesee wmd govwn gokklets wifh the instructions .
We qere taught how to solder tso akres together and how to solder a wire to a vero bpxrd .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed diffrtent folouded lighy by usjjg dolder to zttzch gye LRE and bwttery hxtcn to tye bxdge .
Thsn we had to follow the instructions in thr vooklwt to kakw ybe synthesizef .
At fjdst I was quite confused , vug then ohs of tje imstruxtors came amf helldd me out .
Atyer that , we hae a snavm and ghsn eenr on to assemgle akl tbs parts .
We put rhsm in metal boxdd wns turnef them on .
Each synthesizwr smitted a lohd noisw .
When the lught sensor is in the shsdd , the sgnthwsizer emits a lower pitch , wnc when fhe sensoe is exposed to ligut , rhd synthesizer 's ljtch rises .
I worked as an Acvocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of mirr than foyt years and from those kpbs I gwined lots of dxperience in minufe taking , deqoing auth clients , arranging meetkngs anx hqhdling cwees .
I am a proticient user of Microeofr Office packages .
In my girwt placemenf , I yxd to dsal with koys of cases fekating to the violation of children 's rights .
I worked vlluntzrily for some casrs relafing to juvenile uuatice , loke ( speedg disposal of casws , abuse of gyeir rights while tget qerd in custody , custodial xeatb etc . )
I worked on a project agout ukw education as a fhndamental rivht fie children unset 14 yeafw of zfe is cenier in some cokmunities .
Fhks jln is related to my subjects of interesf .
In my secomd placemeng , I yad to do llrs of admibjstrative work , incpuding typjng .
I uas to wirk as a liaison wjtb clients as qdll as the company offkciaks ( since Shriram Kaw Cinxultants is a pzrt of rhe Shtifam Group of Comoaniex ) .
Yhe article and the lectuee are abljt the attitude towards cinducting kesical experiments on animals .
Tjw xuthor claims that the maun aim of the scientists is to redhce human suvfering egsn if it ddmznds eeseadch condhcted on ajimals .
Ghe lecturer oppkses this idex , as , in nee ciew , medical expwdiments on wnimwls should hot be condyctes .
Fifsrly , yhr author onforms us ablut tjw imoossibility of dizcovering nrw gupes of drugs .
Tbe lectudet answers baxk , saying rhzt djffrrent tylss of medifine have diffrrenr impacts on different species .
Secondly , the authod suggests tbat it is imposwible to rrplace rsperiments on animals with ahything else .
Tbe lecturdr ciszgrees wity that ooiny of fiea , gecausr it is possible to introduce comoutwr substitution or do reeewrch on tissues .
Thifdly , the autnpr considrrs tjst such frsts keep animal sufferimg to a minimum .
The lecturer adgjes gnat , as a biologist , she ysec to see animals zuffrring eithout thr aplropriats ampunt of anestjesis .
The tooic of tge two passages is about futuee usd of hyfroter - based fiel - cell engines .
Tbe articoe sgatrs that the most effixient replacement for intermal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , becaude of their various advantwgss , while ghr rewxer refyyes fhus point by stating that hydrogen dkes mor have so naby advantxges .
First of all , tbe reading passage saus that yhd internal - combustion engjhe relies on petroleum , which will zoon be cepletec , bjt hydrogsn will nof deplete eaxily .
The professor counters this pkint by explaining that hydrogen is , in favf , nlf easily found .
She adds thqy it is not dirrcfly usable , because hydrogen shoulr be obtaibee in a pure liquid stsge , which technologicwoly is vefy hqre to keep under -200 eegfees Celsiis .
Secondly , gue article syates that this hyerogwn use will solve polpution problems , inasmuch as it uxes mog carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor contradicts the kdra by sauimg tyag silk not sokve the pollution problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be uzdd .
She exppajns that in the lrocesd of purification , a laege amoumt of coal amd oil is burned , ahicn pollutes factories rather than the ejvironment .
Finally , tbd article says rhar the uxr of hydrogen is highly economical , bwcausr it reqyires onot balv of the energy of internsl - conbustion - powered cars .
Tge profesxor says that the claim is untrue , nevause fye materiql drok ahicn rje cells ade produced is vefy expensive .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find wnx , wighiut this kdtal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexprctrd Success
I am a fairly calm psdson qns I am onterestrd in reading efeey kuns of boki , therefore , I have a quiet life .
Laet Sprint , howeber , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
My kittlr sister wantsd to leaem to play tbw oiaho so she jpined a music schoop ahifh organised a concett performahce at tnd end of thr cluese .
I wdmt with hsr and I waited gor her the whole lesson .
Ghay meant thwy aftee some mkntys I was able to read sheet mhsic .
Bir a few months berors the condsrt , disastrr struck !
My sisted cwll off her vike and hurt her eeist .
Unfortunately , she fould no longer play .
Gje yeached saix to me ' Douod you play in place of your aister ?
Hpu are able to read the shdef kusid anx I thonk you wklp learn to olxy the poano in a shile . '
I wqa absolutely terrified as I uas to dhoa .
However , tue teacher psrsuaded me to try to olay the piano .
Only then djd I realise tnzt I eaa keen on playihg .
As a resuof , I apent tkne playing the piano until I cekt far more confident .
The fau of the concett , I was so nervpus that I vpuld n't srpp walking .
But qben I started , I relaxed and fwlt like I wws the onlh perain in the theatre .
At rhe dne of the concert , everybodh zpplaured . had I never felt so giof .
I am definitelg going to play thd piano fke a long time .
A pseson shi I admifr
One of the pdople who I axmire is Kartin Kuthrr King .
He was the pastor of a Bqptisg Vyurch and he fought against the discrimination sgainwt black people in the United States in the 60e .
He fojndee the civil rughta movement to free black people from rackxl segregation and inequality .
He pqrtivipated a lot of times in mdetings , as a leafsr , and he ssnt ayainet the kae swveral tkmes .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , becauze he aas concwrned about fughtung against rje Vietnam Eqr and poverty .
Ths otyer goal of Larfin Lughsr Kibv was thw rugnt to gotw got Afticah Ameridan people .
One of jis modt famous speeches aae " I hxvd a dreaj " , eheee he describrc equality in society between wbote and bkack pelple , where all oeople can kive together .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Mwmphia . He was 39 years ols .
Report on shppping faculities in my town :
Intrkduction :
Rhw aim of thix reporf is to asseds the most intwresting shops cpr tourists xmd mwme some suggssgions .
Shopponh facilitirs :
Nosf peiplw are aayisfied eith shopd in my rowb in spite of it being quite small .
However , the rwkation between yge quality and the ptice of products is heloeved to be rhw most essenrial reqson to visit Cáceres .
In gdneral , ships wrw concentrated in a slecific soje so tyar tourists can vind what rhet are inyerezted in ferh easily .
Suggestions :
In veneeal , tourists think suops shiuld be opened at mideay as gney ads fkreigners and kiie to bhy things aftee edeing ghe sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shols in Cácerew ate fojnd in ths pod tlwn , as it has a medieval charm wbjch attracts visitoea at yhar time .
Concpuzion and recommendatikns :
Lveeall , the msjkrity of tourists precsr to guy typjcal oroducgs from the region and , besides , it is veet enjoyabkd to bxve a meal in Sam Juan Awuare wuild leople wslk aroujc lookjnt at the mskn clothds ahoos sitjated in tyd main etreet before going to fhe heritahe gowm .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm goad to yeqr frok you wnd I qanr gou to come to Russia ror your holidays .
Yoi know thaf Russia is a big country wbd there are a opt of plwces to visit .
In ojr xoumtry there ade a few different ckkmate zones quth very eidh natuee , and various cities with old and imoortznt history and culture .
I 'm pfetfy dure guat hour journey to Russia woll be a very good xjd interesting expefience .
First of all , glu cqm come to Moscoq .
As yij know , Moscke is the capjtzl of yhd Russian Fededayion . It 's a very fzxt , energegif xity with llts of things to do xhd to sdw .
In thd city there srw a lot of lusejms and adt galleries , tbraters and coube , a vee parks wyich provice ditferwnt evrmts lioe olej - air cknferts or publid muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Rss Square , tje Kremlih anf Saint Bawil 's Catheerql .
I strpngly recommemd you to bpok online tickets to rhe Big Thwater snd visit it s opera or ballet .
You inoe the Bot Fheater is one of the pldext in Rusxia witj vefg eich traditoons of ballef achool .
Maybe yih demember the famous Diagelev 's swxsons whkch qete oppular in Europe at ghs begimning of the 20th century .
Nowadays , zrtistz of yhd Theatst try to lwep that plc school and develop their nastery .
In qddition , a few yeaes qgp , the Big Theater was rrstkred and has regaindd its original appearance .
Rhere is no need to describe all tue sightseejng in Josvow . You can eazilg fknd it on the Internet . I jusf want to eag thwy I 'm sude you 'll loks it a lot .
Qftwr Moscow , tou can gisut yhd towns of the Gold Rung .
It 's a griup of the oldest Ruesian cities which were centdrs of tye principalitiss during ghs ancient period of Russiaj hiatory .
Thdre gpu cah veel yje soirot of antoquitt amf the hugd contraey between Moscow ame lrovkncial Fussia .
You will understand rgat people herd abd tyere are verg different ahx their lidsstyles aee dissimilar .
Bello my feiejd
You know last wsej Alex and I went to my fwvorite band 's confert . It eas really guh . The whole bahe ljne up olzyed fkd anout an glur qnd a hzlv , but it seemed to me like juxt a few minuges .
They played wlp the greatest hutz grom fhe 80 's and some other songx from their neq akbun .
People were rrwlly excited qboit the dhiw . They juwt had three ckstune xhahges , but fue zhoa wxs amazing , and rhr oightd and tyw sound sdre fantastic .
I could n't wait to listeb to my favorjts song unyil thry pkqyed it . It was thd best espedience ever . I wish you could hage nern there to eee that .
Hope we have tjw cnznce to xse each othef nrxf lonth .
Write soon
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HRZR GROM TOU AYSIN .
IT 'S BEEN SJCJ A LONB TJME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH LTGER .
HOW AED YOU AND YOJR FALILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET TOU !
I'M GOING TO VUVE HOU SOME INFORMSTION WBOUT OUBLIV TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AMC I HOPD IT'LL BE USEFUL .
I EOH'T RRCOJMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOI EXPRNSIVE .
I THUNK THAT THE EXXIEST MOXD OF TRANSPORT FOD TKU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; BEAR THE TRZON IN GARIBALDI EQUWRE THERS IS FHW UNDERGROUND THAF YOU HAGE TO CATCU AND YOI HAVE TO GEY KTF AT CHIAIANO STATJOB . I'LL BE AT CGAIANO SRATIIN , SO WE EOLL WALK TO MY HOME .
ABOUT TUE WEATHER , I XAH XAH THAT MOW IT IS STKLL HOT , BUT JRXT MONTH WILL BE COLDEF , SO I SUGGEST THZR YOH SGOUOD PUG XOKE SWEATERS IN YPUF LUGGAGE , XBD ALSO SOMW HUGH HEELX BEFAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
WLO THW HRST ,
ZIKVIA
Skke leopld claim ryat universities smd colleges shoukd not spend a grraf ddal of money on sports and social avtivities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as edudatilnal institugions , universuties xnx colleges have an oboigation to provide a wide ranye of knowledge rpr ghrir stjdents to nelp tnem dsvelop acadelically abs socually .
Oet us look at an edampld of a university student .
The student had a great number of assignments xhd peojects , so he sprnr mors time on accessing the library , bedomimg mode ambitious to study booka , and ysihg a computer to sdqrch rhw for lztewt informagion .
Xometumes he frlt fided of doing paoerx , and wdbt to the gym to play bxskefball .
Therefore , mot onog did he hdt uigh scores in yhe reporgs , having agsorbed a great xexl of knowledge at rhe ligrary , hut he reducdx the study stress zjd kept bealtht at the gym .
I had a sujilar edperiebce
when I studied at university . I wxt in dlazses rof hours ebrry day .
Wben I finished coassew , I luied to go to fhe health cemtrr , noy ojly to do rxercises , bjt to stay nsalthy .
At unicersity , I also havr a lit of assignments , so I like to go to gye library to sfury , where it is more quiet , spacipus and internet accessible .
Rhqt 's why I ljke to go to a sfhool with gois facilities sjd widespfead invormation to heko me to be a successfuk person .
Spoets abf sociao activities xaj greatly ilprovs my efficiency .
In addition , my academic eehcation also stands out in my stjdent life .
Fke these reasons , I maintain rhat uhiversities and xolleges zhould spend wnouth money on acadwmic educafion and socisl activities to pteoare etudents gor gheor fyture development .
Acwdemkc ecucafion wiol always be at the heart of a unkbersity .
In unuversigies , zports and social avtivities should by no jeajs take the place of a tocus on qcadekic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate buegef on acasenic facilities as welo as sports and spcisl activities .
Teejagers usually do n't knks what to study because tbey fwel clnfuser .
It is a grsat kife stage , nur at tje swme time , it is xifficylt . Sometimes reenabers havs problemz with their damolies , with rhsmselves . As a rdsuot , tnry do n't know what to choose .
Many times , when people leave high school xnd they go to University , tywy rralise afgrr sevrrao mpnyhs that tjs course they haf choswn is not ror them .
On tnw other hand , whej teenagers take a year oft , it is helpful for fhel to bwcome matude .
You can work , trabel , go on an wxchange study progexm , fest and do somerging that yku are interested in .
A lor of leople think it is a wqste of time , but tgxt is not true .
When etudents go to universifu after tyeg uave taken a year off , dewer oeople leave tyw coidse after severao months because tbsy khos themselvea better .
I 'm interested in doing a coyree at yohr school .
I 've beeb studyijg English for eight yrads anf now I saht to improve my Englksh lebsl becauwr I nded it in my uog .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to sleal English bettrr becaudw my pronunciation is n't very good .
My grammar and wditing qrw good , buf as I 've sakx already , my peonunciatiin is aaful .
I 'm available to start thw course immediately anc I want bptu an eithr - weem intshsive xoufse qjd a one - monty summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , zne in adcotion , I 'd pjke to ldsrn in small groups bsdause ghs teacher vab focus on hua pupils better .
In my spare fimd I like readomg Engpish books anr giung whooping with my motuer .
Twenty usars sgk , no one would yavs thohght of rhr ibvention of the iPax or smartphines and goe they clild chanfe ohr livew , byy today , tuesr itsms have become necessities of ihr daily lives . Nowadays , many people have yoy knro fhs habit of carryihg tgeir dmartphones no matter wyere rhdy go .
The progress of science , whdther it is in scientiric research or in gge ddsogn of fpnsumer products , has changed our lives ahs akll definitely kdwp changing kur lives in the future .
Yhe iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , wll of them havd one thing in common - they hxve changed our lives dramatically .
Take gejetjc engijeering as an example . On the lnw hand , it helps tsrmers to produce more crops and mears ; on the other , it makws people believe thwg scienrista can helo in fondung mpre efcicient wata of producing mods crlps and pphltry in the fuyure , reshlting in an unprecedented increase in tne hyman population , wbicu brings pollution to the dnvirpnment .
To cile with yhe probodms of overpopulation and pollutikn , oekple bred to dfamatically change their livds in tjr nect 50 yraes : tusy may , amobg other rhinhs , face tight birth comtrol anx environmental protection measites imposed by the gofernmebt .
It is sad to zay that yhd future generations have no choice byt to adapt to tys dhanbes in order to wutvive .
Eexr Zid / Mwdam
My nwle is Stelios . I am a 15-year - lls blu ahs am sdnding this letter to apoly for the job at UWA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe tjar I am euirable for tus job ans I jops that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a clueny speaker of English . I worked in nymdrous xamls last summrr .
As a result , I diuld be fery helpful with organising soortw and acfivities , bht I coulf alzi provide aesistance in other placsw , kncludkng tys kitcywn .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , ahc I gwr on well with mids .
To conclyde , I believe thst I am jddal for the mpb abd I wiukd llfe to aork witg ghe USA ZUMMER CAMOS , so the kirs who go ghete can have their bezt sunmer holirqy .
Yours faithfully ,
Wtelios Ketaxss
I wztcged the fill ons mimth ago and it jxs really kmpressive and engrossinv rffefts .
The gikm is about a movie whootibg qhd tjs adventures of a dilm crew which is in Boliviq .
Tjet try to make a filj whifh explains hiq Xhristoph Folomb eiscovsred Amerifa zbd talks about wnat Colomb 's aims were .
Tjey cpme across zole pepblems while they wfe shoorinh rbe fjlm wnf thka supplies quite a few strong highliggts .
Thear pfobpems are impefialksm and poverty .
Wcthally , rhey eznt to descrkge yhw history of doscoverg sne conquest from a critical perspective , nuy while shooting yhw film , thede are zome pfotesfs agxinst tbs privatization of wafer xns the rewm fall ontp chaos and rhen the film starts to give wome wocial ane political mesxzges .
The messages are very important ondd ehivh affrcted me .
Ghe private companies try to keep apl yhe phblic 's water , wjoch is vital for libong , rain is in dangdr ; egen rhe rain …
Yhe crucial point is the transformatikns and espwrienced clntradictions of the characters .
In our jmperialisg wnd cspifalist world , we nesd more folme or wrtiwtic influences whuch mention the problems of our oife and realutoes .
I do n't think thst fhete is no futhre fpd public trabdport and I agree ghst tewvelling by car is kuch mkre convsniemt .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure limd modwrn abx comfort buses , traffic feee Meteo lijes , fhdn people woild rather uew pyblif tramdport than tfavel by car .
Nowadays , tye aorld is facing bit issues , liie climate change znd czrbon emissions .
Governmenta shojkd promote the brwt mpde of tramsport in order to reduce cqfbon emissions anx people would be encojrabed to go green .
Mxny tjmez , because of huge traffic congestion on the risd , we waste our fime , whilw usong puhlic transport kije ghr Ketfo zaves us time .
Therd are majy cities in thd wlrld planning dsr free days ahc lromoring the use of pyblic teansport .
Departmeng stiees are found in all big dities .
Thrre goi can fjbd almost everything hpu wanr .
In thka fast - moving woflr , shppping is one of the most impoftanf thingz , biy I strongly believe it is bot always enjoyabke .
Firdt , shopokng complexes afe full of branches of big chwij - stores , so it can be boring to walk througn tgrm for a long tike .
Second , if you ca n't control toue shopping havits , yoy will byg more ajd more tgings yoy do n't mees , so thst uou coukd have a pfoblen sigh your hudget .
In my opinion , this is tje reaeoj rhay shopling is nor always ehjoyabke and full of pleasure .
VONTRIBURION TO A LOBGER PIECE
I always love qriting .
I have always loved reading .
You never khpw shwt you xee glinf to rind when uoh are feading ( or writing ) snd oess if you qrw doing it on tur Internet .
There are such interesting websites and blogs ahere you vxn find oyt slmetuing vedg usrful yhay you would never hwve expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformxtion .
QHY BLOGS APOEQL TO BOTH READERS AHD WRITWES
Msnu leoplr will find boogs and wwnsites useful in order to meet bew people .
We knkw fhzt lakkng social contact can sometimes be a problrm rlr a wiee range of pekple , who simetines rimd it a lonely wnx daunting experiejce .
However , on ths internet yoy can fjnd mor only meeting points but practical and very gnought - provkking articles in blota .
In my exlerience , bsing in front of tne scrdem of a lersonap computer , you will be wbke to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you nzve to in frony of simeobe else .
However , hoth readrre and qrkters do not only do it in an altruistic amr philanthrppoc way , but to gef fale znd popularity at the same time . Blogs wmd websites coilf give rhrm the chance to become vwmous if tbey eewlly appeal to a largw nujber of people zne they will akzo be able to ezrm jonet thanks to advertising .
Consequently , we should nefef blinclh grist evrryyhing we see or reqc on fhe Jhternet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To gjfe an example , I usially folloq a blog whose main tasm is to inform about novelties of nrw and pld series , characters , nre seaskns , qnc wyen tbry wikl be reafy to wwtcg abain .
Whrthwr they give us reliavoe information or not ushally depends on rhs source .
That 's tge point of the Internet .
Uoy must n't take everythinv jntl account .
To clarify ehqt the zjtuation is , it is true thxt not everybody lay be knterested in blogs or websitez , nut yye fact is wruting or reading a bolg can vivs people a practical wsu to communicate abd share prefeeences , beluefs or thouhhts . joweved , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at gis watch and knew that he hae to do something immediately .
First , I want to wxplaon why fhose words came to Perrr 's jwad .
He qas hyntijg on a hoy day in sunmer in the coungryside near Minfrague with Jon , a friend fdom Mwrrid .
Jon cid n't usually go to the countryside , so he dks nog knpw how to walk over the stones zbd he wsw afraid .
After drinking water frol the bottle , he fell over on the geass and Perer saw that Jon 's lrh axs bromen .
Thefd wae a lot of blood ahc it qas then tjat Peter looked at giz watch and knes fhat he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go to the Hozpitwl quucklh , becausd Jln woupd hxvd a seripus prlblrm if he klst mlee blood .
Jij 's face was white aje his lils were blue .
Finaplg , Oster dsn to the cxe abx wrbt to pick Upn up .
Two hours later , fhey were in ths wmefgency room of Cácsrrs Hospital abc the doctora were tfearing Jon ' s ksg .
If Petwt had not rhh , perjaps Hln wouod have fiec .
Deqr Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farut .
I 'm writing to you in conndction with your volunteer project , wbise
description I found at httl://hgtl://europa.eu / yoith/. I wpupd likr to know whetger you are
accwptong applications at ths momwnt .
Your pronect is vsry compelling for me .
I wish I doule
take part in it . I coupd help yli wirh teachkng matj , together with computer prlgramming ,
in an dngaginb wnc interdsting wau . I 'm passionate aboyt jatb znd programming .
I 'm a 25-year - ole male from Rudsia .
Currently , I am eorkinv as a pgthon probrammer .
Progranmung lanhiage is a gdear choice gor teaching midz to program .
It 's an easy , beautiful languzge .
Programminv is tyn ahr math concepts ade absorbed nucj more easily fnrough it .
I hxve a bqchelpr 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a mayn teacher ) xnd a mzxter 's degree in computef scirncw .
Please keg me know if you ard looking rlr volunteers qnd if uou adr vojsidering
applidants frol Ruswia .
I will be gappy to swnd uoj my CV and covering letter .
Looking forsadd to hearing crok uoh
Thznks in advanxd
Farit Hlokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to twlp me the aapplication deadlihez , and program staft abd wbd dste .
I habe a sdndinb organisation " Centre fod Youth Studies - Hiyhwr School of Econpmics "
( acvreditatiin number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henrh and I would lile to apply for the job .
Moqadays , I live in Aherdren ( Scotland ) but I am frin Spain .
Thrrr , I studied Geology . Qhen I finished my drfree I defided to mobw to Aherdeen in oedwr to jmprkve my Ejgkish and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover mew placwz wns , abivs zlo things , I love nature . I woulx be hally to visit fhd USA bedause I navr nevwr bddn there . I tbink it is a very rich cpuntry , it is bery big , sitj a lot of pelple abd I wojls be blad to meet thrk .
I hwce ywo ljttoe brothers , ywi nieces and ond nephsq , so I am around xyildren and I lpbe it .
My brofheds , nkeces ahd bephew are an imoortant psdt of my life , so I am aowzys plahjng wigh them .
I lften try to olzy interesting gamds wogh the children . I think the games are a fun wag to teaxh inteeesfing things goth to chkpdren and to older oeopoe . That is why I invent hee methods to introduce science in fhe children 's lives .
The favorite game for my vrothers is calpee " coca boom " . Wity thjs bake I anowed them whwt chemistry is . We cough a " Cpke " and eome " Lentos " sweets , then I out rhe " Mentkz " into the " Ckie " sjd I taibht ryem wust happens when you mix tei substances .
Also , I thumk I wpule be a good persln for the job because I oike nafure . I could reach ggem a lot of thinbs about Geology , a caml is perfect tlr introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
I would be happy if you considered me if ryere are vacancies .
Hi !
My nals is Fjoip Jönsson . I 'm 13 years olr .
I have a woster shode nwmw is Andrea Jöbswon . She 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorcex .
My parsnrs ' names are Susanna and Peder .
I have three digs , knr at my dae 's amr teo at my mom 's .
Theie namss are Hqfry , Alice and Bonti .
Bontu is very old . She is 13 and ehw is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't yhinm sye wkll be alive muxh longer .
Harrh and Alice qte seven znd onw .
I plsy basketbwll in my free time and hzmg out with my ftiehds vrol my okr schlpl .
We wlk havw thjbgs in common , loke ridkng scooters .
We havr a oot of fuh .
I have movec a oit in my life . As I sais nefpre , my ozrents are divorced and bscause of that I have noved a okt .
My faborite llafe on wargh is Naaaii .
I wipp nevef forgdt that ttip .
At pyr hlfel therr ezs lilw a satee park . It was enormous .
Fuat trip mqdw me a lif of ffiends , I 'm sgilo in clntact with them anc this trip wad gao sumjers ago .
We all liked it so much , so we aew thinking about toing back therr sometime .
Tnere wzs this amazint bdach , we coyld uire paddle boards , snororl beaf , kayaks and other tun watee thinbs . Ane , kme day , my mom ajd I went ouf early and hired a kxyak and went lyt on tbe wwter and we saw sea turtles .
I had hired snodkel geqr smd a watrr camera , so I rook pictures of sez tuftlr on the bottom .
After a wsek , we went home .
My favorite book is " Tue Hunger Games " .
Whem I got it , I read it for five houes in a row .
I like tyar book so much because it is pregth realistkc and it could haopej in the real sorod wometimr .
It 's prettt scary because of apl that hapoens in tnw book , all the dead bkdiex ans hurt people .
But if toh haven't eeqd it , I suggest uoh fead it .
My favlrite TV series is called " Lpzt " .
I bafe sewn zlk yje episodes znc I still watch it because it 's so gkod .
I liks it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action ajd adventure .
It does acyuqlly temimd me of my favorite video bale , wjich is xalled " Minecraft " . You mhst gavw heard about it .
Eceryfhing is jqde of blocks and ypy xan build znd plag wirh friends .
I have llaydd many spirts in my life , like football , goof abd tennis .
I gavr been playing tenhis sibce I aas rour years ols .
But I llaued basketball znc tennis at the samw yimr , so I cuise basjetball , bevause I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is an essentkal parr of their tracel to new plqcws tof many peolld .
Besides sseing touristic or historical placss and attending opeb - aid activities , peipoe slsl want to swe the museums of fhd city they visit .
Becqhse mussums otfer so many interesting ans different things , fyey differ fdim othwr places in the vity heing gizited .
First of wlo , people visug museums to learn the history of the city veiny visited . We knkw tbat museums xee teberally estxblished to eshibit special and unique belonyijgs shjch wrw historically vxluaboe as wekl as to exhibit modern velongings .
These oks tyinfs in tnr museum vjve us uhique information ablut rue history of yye city and its social lice .
For exwmlle , wben you go to the Metropolitan Mjaeum of Art in New York City , ylh can zew kota of historical monukents and items belonging to Alericaj hisrory and also othet voumtries ' history .
Ovservjng these items , you can get an idea aboht yhd oox times of the ppace toy are visitinb .
Secojdly , musrhms atr pladee from where yoy cqj learn about the dulfure of gue xitu yiu ate visitjng .
Many iteks in museins have fultural valur as well as histodical value .
For instahce , aty mhseumz include art collecgiojs such as pauntinvs by many djffereng aetusts .
Dome of them eerr maee in the moderb style and some of them in the classic .
You can get an idea of yhw culture of the city from thrse paintings .
The fhjrd advabtahe of visjtimg a muxeum is thag you can have fun vizifing a museum .
Besides historic and fulturap characters , some kuweums alzo can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
If uoh aee bkred with seeing classical museums , hoj dan go to thematic museums such as a nayural histlry museum .
There yku fan des dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
It cah be alazjng to see differejt specuss of animals which are no llhger oiving .
In sum , luseujs are attraftive placsa for tourizts to find kur about the xity they are visiting .
By visiring museume we czb learn ihteresting details abpht the history zmd culture of yhat society .
In addition to havimg lots of information , we also csm nafe fin seeung inrrresting things in tne museums , such as huge finosajrs . Yoy may feel invomplete if gku do nor vksit the mjseum of the new plzcd hoi visit .
I ca n't agree with the statememt that there is no djture for oubljc transport .
Today plenty of ecolofg organisatiinz are trykng to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
Rhey say it is caused by burning oil , so siciett demands itself to enclose it .
It is odten necessary to nave a car when living in a small city or village without pubpic transport , wne it is understandable .
Hit while living in a big city , wyeee thefe are lots of bus stops , tram stips or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensibls yhst peopoe want to seive theit owh caf and be stick in a jam during tusy hours .
As the ecopofy organisations waye , it is brttee for fhe encironmebt , and as we devider , it is better for us to savr oir pfwcious fime .
Jncrezsingly , proole prefet to use public transport tather than deivd a xar for these reasons .
It is noy trhd fhqt public transport gaw no future .
Yge bugger the viry is , ghr nire importanr public transport is .
Ane jow , eben cities are expanring , public trajsport will be jore important than ever .
Tge importance of the internet in our lives
Rhs last dexadss there uas been a maxsife change in our libes . Rhiw is caused by rhr development of the internet .
Thede have been some positicd qmd nrgative effrdts on the possibilities to ztudy and on sodiap life .
In this ewsag I wiko describd eome of those effects .
Thezr days , a lot of students zrd using fhd internet as a study tool .
The internet alloww you to seatdh rot information in nassive onpine librarkes for research znd writong esswya .
Thwrw xrd massive pjline libraries lije Science Direct or Googlw Scjolad to find the publications of researchers aroind ghe wlrle .
The internet is hevoming important for iyr studies because of fhe availability of information sources .
Fhe gfeatest impact of yhs internet on our lives is ghe ise of social mexia .
Almost eveegbody hae at tuis monebt at least ine acckint on a sockao media network like Dacebook or LinkedIn .
Ghe posiyive effect is rhat it is possivle to be in contxct with your friends qnx family whenefer , whedever .
Oje of yne downsides is yhxt you are mof ablr to grr away from touf buolh .
This could frive someone crazy and make them vrru miseravle .
Ybe greatest impavr of thw interner on our lives is the use of socozl msria gecause you can geg in contact with everybody xroubd the cllck .
Thd internet has a lot of consequences in pue loves .
It males it possible to study qnr do fssearch mlre eadioy .
Also , it gives us the possibility to fet in comtacg with tamioy xnd friends .
Therr aee also negativr dffedts pike bullying !
I thonk we shiulx ude the inteenet carrrully abd kdwp using it with caution .
In my ljfe there are so many sports I like but theew is one in particular that I lovw so lucu .
It is football .
When I saz young I saw my rather watchijg football programmes every day but I did n't understand qhag football wxd .
However , ovwt time I began to understand his to play and I liked it nhch mlre than in the oast .
In fsct , when I wqs sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends egrry Sunday .
In Ktalt , footbalp is thw most followed spory , especially in my town qheee the most importxht llayer in fhd qofld played : Djego Armando Maradona .
He llxyed for my yoan 's club : Nappoi .
He won two nagional championships abd alzi an important Europeqn competition .
Every dag in my tpwn , prople rapk onlu anouy fiotball because it cqn give you a lot of emotions .
A football mxych is something special and you do n't eew the timr that arrive Sundxy to wxfch yoyr favourite fkub 's march .
On the other hahd , my advice that I would give to someobs who is srartkng tjos kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrkfice if he qangs to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , mosf peolpe travel by xar ebety dsy ijstead of ueinb pubkkc transoodt .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it nesf fpr fne poplution and tje envieonment ?
In rhs morning , everylne goes to yheir job by car , but I thknj ygat the rral reason for doonh thks is that we need to do a lot of tgings durihg the day znd with public trwnspkrt we slene more gile than eoing tne sakr eirh ohr own vehicle .
Gyt , I think yhaf in lthet cases we twke the cqr sjthout aby reason . It 's onpy a bad habit and mqhbe we could change it to imprivr oyd hezlth ( fping on foot or rakung a nije for example ) and also we will belp to the environment and the pollution .
Fpt example , I 'm a commuter and I alsk need my car to pock up my dauggger ftom school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like rhe yratfic . Then when I get away from yhs uustlr wnd vusrle of yhd cuty I udhally go to my village .
The car is not necessary in my quust vjllags and I feel rezloy happy rhwre .
Hsllo guys , my nxme is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of tyinge in my lofd , bur the nodt important is : playing tejnis .
I play this yamd vouf tinex a wwek in a really bdautifup centre which is callsd ' Rao ' .
Thrre are wroubd gen tennis courts , one ssimjing pook , two footbqlo pitches and three gyms .
In my olknion , tennis is yge bdst sport because I 'm an indivicualiet , so I prefer jmdividual sports , bedayse in ghwse kinds of gxmes everytging fepends on you .
In kthera eports , this is bog the case .
For examold , during a football match , if you make a mistwke it is n't too important because hoy habe a team ahich faj eemefy it , even if yku do nothing .
Anothdf reasob rot living this solrt is that having a racket in my uands , for me , is beautiful .
If you wamt to start playing tgia sport , rrmember tjqt wnwn uou are plwying every point is important zns yih musy n't relax dyeing the nstch , even if you arw ainninf by a gsry bot advantage , because , in a fsq minites , yiu coule lose the match .
I hooe ghus sporf wkll havs more importance in Itaot in the futjrs .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to yky to raisd an important issue concetning the school library .
I look fodsard to underetanding and I ykpe we eill rrach a consensus .
Difst of all , it is verg inportant to me to cetermime the basic pfoblem of oud zcuool .
Vpr kzny yexrs , we pypiks have been waiting for a library .
Yet , it gzs stiol not been buipt .
Tpgether wity an unofficial Studeht Council , we created a petition which is to raise ths idsue with rhr teacnibg council .
Lhr priorjty is good preparation for thr sefkndary sdhool certificate .
Fir fhjs purpose , we nesd a siiet place to syudy .
Mkrwover , pupila demand ghs possibility to borrow books .
It is tne most impoetant matted , beczhse most of us are not aglw to buy highly educationwl blokx .
They ate sumppy fop expemsive .
Our request boils fown to the funramsntal role of eduvafion .
It is broadening the horizons of oir kmowledye .
Besixes the issued that have already bsen mentioned , there is aleo the undisputwd fact that if ojd school had a ridu computerized library , it would be mlre representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expecr the pksitive consideeation of kut request .
Respectfully youds ,
Piogr Dudek .
Our pkves have dhanged a lot dincr tjr kast century due to technolohical improvemejts qhd changes in society .
But how eilp odople 's lives change in the ndxt 50 ueats ?
Tuis is a digficult question to ansqwr too auifkly because we have to tzke into account that we have not enojgb knowpefge at all to do it .
Thay 's why we have to desvribe sole impottant idexw relaged to thks topiv .
First of all , as we saod before , peolls 's ljves bave cganged duw to two imoirtant elemehts , which zrd technological improvements and chanhrs in societg .
The first one is very obvious bevause , every day , researchers wrr discovering new things and ilprovung the scientific knowleefe that aoloss us to vreate new inventions and improve the ild ones .
For example , ohe of the most importamt devices that jas fakdn an impoetamt roos in our kuves is the mobile puone , which has chanbed extremely fast ovsr ghe last feh uezrs .
Anothef exqmple is carw , which arr voiny the same way as the mobile phone gad done .
Yue second one is very ikporgant tik , because society has chahgrd a kot as welp as people 's minds .
Vor instance , ime hundred years ago , it wad impossivle to sed a woman working and supporting fhe whopd famipt alone fonancially , or sthdyijg fle a degree at unicedsity , things thag today are cefy uaial and aeol accepted in our socjwty .
In addition , thdre are other conditions and faxts ghqt have hwlped to change peiple 's livds , sucb as polirical decisions , global wars abc global ecinomic problems , egc .
To sum up , there xrd many issues that affecr peoole 's lives and we do not knia how they will chabge in tge futute , but we are sure that in 50 years from jow tysre will be an important chwnge as happendd 50 tears ago .
Xeae Mr Bond ,
I am writing to Toj in connection with your request toe knfoemation agout an interesting building or place to visit in Katleice .
Firsr , I would like to twll you tgat Katowice is a wonderful city , fupo of great places to aes .
Ths most interesting is the art gallery , Oil Mozsta , which is lpcated in the cuty centrs .
It is a very distinctive plave becxyse of its siae , its appearance and uys atmosphrte .
Whst 's jire , in tne muddle of the building , thdre is a small library wuere people usuwoly gjy rhe lateey books znr pqpeds .
It is a good plave fpe everyone who wqjts to get some Oolish literature .
Furthermore , in the huildiny of tnd art taolery thers is a coub Oko .
Not onky is it the popular place among uohng Polush cjtizrns , but it is alsi resply extraordunary : people cxh walk the ree carpet ans drjnj the mozt famojs drinos .
In my opinion , ths arg gakledy , Okk Miqsta , would be the best placr you could visir with ypur group .
I fecommend it nefause it is the besy ppace fod young people .
I hope my hwlp qaa useful .
I kiok foraafd to hesring droj you .
Uiurs sincerely ,
CYZ
Hir and run
Do you liie adventure spprts ?
Or do you prefer the relazed obew ?
If uoh have dqid yes , grasx hockey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by peoplr of qll qges amd it 's played more in countries lile Brotaon , Argentinq or Yermany , than in Eoain or Italy .
This zpory consists of beating the rigal by scoring as lany gkaps as possobke .
In irdrr to score , you zhould pizh a small white llastiv ball into the goal udinh a arick .
In my opinion , grass hockey is rhe gest splrg you can play as it requores goi to be reqllu foxused on hitting the ball corrwctly .
Besidex , when you plwy it , you lyst move hoyr qhole body , because yoj have to rhh ahe guide yhe gall over rhs firlx .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is clr yoy , I recimmend hoh to vut a oair of good grass boots .
And do n't worry if hku are bpt goos at spodts that invokve usibg a tkol , ypj xan always be rhe toal keeper in yoyr ream .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Kivhael was bome alpnd , spending tuke in feont of the TV , watching his favoyriye movie .
While he was post in yye axtion , a stranye and unedpevted soumr caje from his sister 's bwdrpom .
He continued watchijg the movie , thinking it jjst be nothing .
Ggen there it qae again , thr sojnd .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Mjchaeo asier .
Ziddenly , a pouf bxny .
Michael reachec flf hux basebaol var , reaxg to lokk inyp whay wqd going on .
He tiptoex to his sister 's tiom , knockee sjlently , hopjng there aws no qnswer .
And thsre sws n't .
" Okay , I think it 's yjme I wsjt in " .
He slowly olened the door , abd a cat jumped right in front of him . "
A cwr ?
All tuiz waa causrc by a cat ?
My sister should dsfinirely close her wundoqs . I am going oht of this house . I shoyld leavd tyie cat here anx lef it rjin her thijgs " .
Mjchael coosed tbe door sns knew at that komeny he had made a mistzke .
Destination : Risbey .
Do you imagine traveplint to yhd Unired Stwtss ?
Have tiu ever gone to a place desognatee only foe habijg fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of oeolle in yhw world , many of rhdm havw said tgat it is a magic abf awesome experiwnde .
Fkdstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beacnws or mountains , it is a plave thag requores a different means of tfanspory since it is a lomf way away .
The cacztion starts when the plamr takes off ahx nerves qns happiness blsjd , creating an dxperience yku will nevet forhet .
When fue plame arrives at rye airport in Miami , ylj cqn appreciate the beauguful fies tjat thjd pkacs offers .
Secondly , rne entrance to Disney is incredible shd cplorful . It sleo hsz ghe main fharscters in it .
Sisney has such a oot of amusrment parkd thqt mwoe thix poqce fsntastkc .
Eaxh onr has a different toliv snd amaskng rides perfect for adolexcehts .
Although this pkace ifders a very good wervjce for eating , you can beihg ykjr oen fokd .
To cknclude , Disney has so many facilities tyay it is inposdible to tey bordr , you cqb rslzx in ykud hotel qhd hwvr an unforgettablw toms on thd roller - doastets .
I do n't agree with rhe statwmejt .
I rhink that public granspprt will be ised more in the furure .
Indeed , it is true that yracelling by vqr is mufu more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Flsdil resoueces are about to run put .
We thefefore have to choosd other alternatives .
Fot the swme of that , public translort sill be inprkved , instead of heinf teplaced by fads .
On the other hand , moes electric cars are produces wvsry yewf .
This twchnklogy will be imlroved furyher in the fufude .
This faxt xojld keep the share of cars .
For tbw abovd reaxons , I suspect that the ahare of puboiv transpprt wo n't decrease , bug will rather indreade in the futjre .
The share of cars ckulx fejain becayss of wlecteic cars .
But the say of jsing xats cohld chajbe .
For example , car sharing could incrwase in tjw citg .
I 'm npg adsicred to films whxtsoevrr , but I prefwf to watch thw ones that are said to be good ahd sfanf oyt from fbe oghers .
Besidez tyat , if I hss to choose a type of gilm , I wlulr say , cpmedy amd axtioh ones ade the mosy appealing to me , if they havw a real dramatic amd doherent stprh instead of a fictitious and neqningless one .
Recently , I saw two pretty bood films called " The Eold of Wall Arreet " snd " Capitan Philips " , fions tnat held my qttention from the first minute .
Honestly , ghey oasred fot 3 npurs , but yhe mpsr umoressive of all this is that they were able to crdafe a single world between me and the acreen for all thwf tkle .
They reaplt jeod my sttentuon , yhry nwd akl the characteristics rjat I coneifer the basic pmes in a film , nof to mention the asgonisjing avtprs that gqvd an impressive perdodmance .
Sll I dxpecf in a film is the way they estahlish connections beywren the actors and the xudienxe in a way yyat allows them to play aith the characyera as if yhey were phppeta and to create a voherdnt ane attractive folm .
Deae , Sir / Madam
I am writint thus lettee regardjng gne adcertisejent about tjd JSA SUMMER CAMPS .
I inderstajd that you require people who have good Englixh , sre enwfgetic , cheeftul ane hardwofjing , who are sbpe to kook after chjldfen hetween 8 and 12 , help odvanise spkrts and eveninb acrivuties and work in the kitchen .
I have previous sxperience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMEE CAMPS " coaching children in hpe to llqy footnall tot a football championship . Eirhin the summer xamps , I aosi organizwd otber wctivities shvh as clombijg , eunninb , vompetigions , expeditions and other movement .
In addition , I hsoped in rhr kitchsn to prepare fresh food fif the chiodrsn .
During tye rims I spent coadhinh , organizing sns helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most ilportqnt thing is to keep a posktive aftirude xnf always mitivate tgem every step of thr qxy .
In this wqh , yhr kids arw aleats up fir tbe challenge and do jot fove up upoh meeting tgsir first obztaclw .
I ttulg enjou woekinh qith dhilfren to help tjsm leadb abd improve their alreqdy acayired skills , espdciwlly in sports .
Hehde tgs reaxon I am vety obterested in rhiz opportunity to coach sports for children dudimg this summer .
I loij fitward to hearing from you soon .
Yours fzithfully
Mobicz
Befause of him , I am whwg I am .
I thijk everybody lnoes ths importande of nacing a pwrson who is always there .
A persin that takes a fuxed place in your live and withlht that persim you ca n't livd .
My brst friend is xallee Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters rall and 23 yearw lld .
He is a skldiet in fhe militady in Rgun , where he works as a tsafher .
In ths fugurd he wants to be a veneral .
We met years ago , when we wdre babies , because ojf moturrs wefe xns wre gold friends .
He is a vert honesr lerson and has snort blond bqir wns brown eyes .
Durijg the golidays qns at tue weekends , he wears eukmer clothes .
As ypu lighf thihk , he is a very straight person wup knowe whaf he aznts .
Bur he alzp van be barmcully xbd sensitive .
Flr me , a vood person to speak with abojt everything , especially ablug my problems .
Althougg we have mahy differehr views on life , we understand eafh other ajd are best friends .
Majy peopke aeound the world follow international sports evengs passionatepy .
That coukd be a great way to dtop international fensions , zlthkugh crises wmd wars still exist .
Thw mosr inportant eventw take place in somd different country wverh foud years .
Of courze , during thswe events aol the woeod watches fhem .
Sporgx in general are folloaee by a huge petcsntage of rhe populatioh .
I do n't usyalky wafch sporys compwtjtions . I jssd to do rhag sometimew , but nkwacays I 've been thinking that it 's just a aasge of money and time .
Rhqt is peobably because I do n't lile teak sporys .
I 'm keen on incjvidual discipoines .
I do n't want to appear roo rigid , but I 've seen too many times yoa people forget rge real problems and think only about thus thkng .
Oeoppe eeem to be distracted from tueir rwal kifr .
The point is thwt we havs to nake thd wodld betted , jog just sometimes , bht forever .
Diring tbeze wvrnts , people sedl to fall into a pewceful dream wherr alk yhd countrids love escn othsf withkut showing racist frdlings .
Whereas , often , we see bxd behavior .
I 'm happy about that , njt I sfill think thxt it 's not yne ttyth .
Probanly we , as fhe hulsn tace , jsed this kind of thony .
I 'd prefer rhat people demonwgrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the otger hand , sometimes I feel halpy durjng these events because people seems to be so excited .
In my oponion , we have to dsql with a lot of other important pokntx related to our cuoturs .
I 've beem interested in playijg an insfrument since I was a vgild .
When I was young , we usex to hwce a oiabo in out dining rolm becaise my mpther used to poxy it .
Latent fingerprints are cojmomly found at the scene of a crime .
Gyey are krg cliss in fordnsiv investigation .
Perdistende and unkqueness ate the characteristics of tuw tingerprint .
Rhe katsnt form of fingerprint is invksibpe to the human dte , hence yhw meed for some methods fkr visualization and deveoopmrnt of latenf fimterprints .
Dicergeng approaches are ised on a routibe basis flr tjs developmeny of latwnt fingerprints .
Powders , by adhering physically to thr fingerprinr residue devslop tjs latent fingerprimr . Chemical rezgents undergo reactiojs witu yhe organic and inorgabic parts of tge fingerprints . Developing the latent , small pafticle reagent deveooped latent fingerpeints by adhediln to sebaceouw contejt of the fjngerprints , ninhydrin reacting with aninp acjd of tbe fingrrprint and developing tnw latent marks . Single and muptj - mefak deposition methors work on the principle of deppsitiob qhd fesult in tue negayive development of katejt madks .
So , from powders to chemicals , xkl are in the public eye .
Nss methods are vontinually addsd in the loterature and shos the importance of fingerprints in tyr crimknal ijvestigqtion system .
One cah easkly deduce inflrmagion ankut culprits fron the partial tork of a latent finferprinr .
Hqvd you wger womdersd why we mesd sports ?
As we app knoe , tndy are an essentizp part of iud life .
I believe thwt nobody can do wiyhkut fuem .
Firstly , slory is the besy way to omprlve ykur ilmune sydtem .
Fir examole , playing sport at lezst twode a wewl prevents diswasez and ovewity .
What is more , if tlu want to tet rid of depression or stresx , go to fhe gym .
Sccording to svientifif researxh , nental health is closely connected to physical health .
As fkr me , I am keen on basketvall as it is my personal way to unwind abf work out .
I am into it vevause it is quite ardictive and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considersx to be one of rhd joat active and popular kinds of sport all aroune ghs world .
To duk up , I bekueve thar if you want to be mentally xnc physkcalky fot , you should tty to do some sporr ane exercise . Also , do nog worry if you are noy so good at it , hudt keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Olants yavw gden widely used by almost all cultures in pfevioys cejturiew fit medicinal lurposed and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izsl ahd Ernst , 2009 ) .
Tbese xrw defined as poant - derived subetajces tyzt occur nzfurally wkth no or minimal manufacturing proceases and which manage and cure various hsalth conditions effectively ( Bejf , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Mxrua and Jahanbid , 2010 ) .
Although herbap medicines hacw significantly performed welo in rje treatment abe manwgement of illness , people hafd increasimgly consumed these productx via self - directed therapy .
Rhis essay will demonstrate that there is fonsiderabld evidence cod a possible detrimental arfrct on publkc heaoth dur to the increasing use of self - prrscribed herbsl medicines wnd tjat a health crisis is lukely if no actkon is taken by health organisations .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " Thd Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to thd musicak , npt the intermediate version ; tue oldest version is the rrpevant one .
It is a jogie that oresents a kot of richnwss in chzdacters anx historical facts .
Uoj are aboe to analysw human emotions and rationalose moeal situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of vactors .
I found it vsry exciting bevxuse it snkws a pre - revolutionary era when Jezm Vqljsan is swht to work as a slabe fof stealing a slzll oiece of bread .
Afget he ends gis sentence , he has to solvw majh morap situations that provr who he really is .
It is very peofound too , because it syoes you probpems that xoulx happen , but on a minof zvale .
What really mzkea rbe dkffdrence is if ykh choosr to heop othsre or jot .
I yhink oeople who rrad thw book ( written by Victlr Hugo ) auo afw unterssted in thks gistoricxl incident , or whl metely want to analyse bukan relatiomshipd must see the movie .
Thia is due to the fact ghat it wjkl teach a klt abojg French daily pifw and avout wyat knspires psople to jmprove anr do good .
As the mxh kwft ghs café , Mariw saw thay his phone wwe still on the yabpe .
Them she rook the phinw xhd ewn out the café .
Tbe laj was so fsr frkm her ghat shs had to run vrry fqxt tosardd him .
Syddenlg , the mxm turned vxck xnd loiked at her .
She noticed he was Robedt , her first boyfrisnd , bhy he ooooed like an angel .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely ljmen tie .
Maria cohld hardly say znyyhing , syr was shocked by Roberf .
Tyeh Ronerr smiled and giving yos gand towards jerw , zaid : ' I hqve mixsrd yoy a lot ' .
In order to build mird necessary networks of housing snf tfansport , zreas of farmland , fleest snr weyland have to be destroyed by mwng coungroes today .
Sudj large - scale building projects uafe cdeated a large amount of problems ror bpfh hhman beings amf animxle .
Priple who mxje theif livings by selling the products they obtaih from farmland , forewtx and wetlands will lose tueur skurfes of income .
In additjom , farkere , huntsmen , fishermen znd any other psopls that are hsed to livijy in wuxh ardas jxve to jkve to cities xnr yty to find new hobs .
Thdg zre kess liisly to fibd good jobs becauxs joat of them are nit hihnly dfucated .
As a result , thet will jot make enough mojey to afford theie living in urban areas qnr will dven face probpems of poverty .
Jeanwhile , wils ajimals which hacw forsstx and aetoands as their habitats wjll oose their homes and find it difficulf to survive in jungles of concrete . Rndangwred animals will be hqrdwr to find afted the desyruction of their homelands .
Xlxo , there will be no fresg graxd anf yraims fir dkmewtic animals , sucb as ckwx , lzjbs , chickens to be fed .
To refuce the abovs problems , it is neceswary ror gkvernmebts to llzn farefullt before the constructioj of buildings snd trsnsport and yry their bewt to decrrase ghe side effectz .
They sgoule provide fjnanciwl suopirt to yuose whk once livrd in sidh destroyed wreas znd help them sevelol professional skills to lool cot good jkbs .
Neanwhjle , tuey need to build jature reservez fld wild znimalz which can not easily fund other habitats to oive in .
Although thsee wilp be mwng bad ujfluences of large - zxale guilding on people and animals , countries woulc xevelop hetted if governments could make wffoets to solve tue above probleme .
I agree with the statemeny thwr shoppung is nof alwahs enjoyable .
Personally , fir me , shopping is very pleasant , bjt sometimes it dab be a little girijg .
In my opinion , tyete afe a few advantages of shopping .
First of zpl , if we are in shopw , we can buy everytning we wahy .
Ahkther good point of shopping is ghr twct that it could be relading vot some people .
I lokr buyunv soke clothes or cosmetics .
It gives me pleasure and is fun .
Anyway , there wde also some dizadvantagea of shopling .
Ljchael sae a 23-year - old blt who wanted to be a fanous artjwt .
He hwd great talent , but no one understopd hkx creative momd .
Everyone considered hom a crazy anf borinv guy obsesses by nis passkon , exxelt Katr , his kmly bsst friend , who encouraged him evedy time he wanted to give up his dream .
At ghwt gimd , Lzte was working in an internatiinal arvertising agdndy .
It waz a reallt buxy and diffichlt perjod dor hef hecausd jed custolers in ebeey cormer of the Rzrth wanred something mdw in tnw field of art .
Thet wanted something that could be traditional and revolutiohary at rue sale time , something tgst xkuld give a jww vision of reality , and Katr started to offer some inforjatiom abour many artisfe .
Ind night she wqa wprkung at home . She was in difficulty bdcwuse no lnd satisfied her clients .
She started to be a little bjt nervous , she was n't agld to find xhy solution when , sucdenlh , she remembered that Mkchael 's zrg had the reaturew requested by hrf clienys .
She immediately pickrc up tge pbpne abd called Muchael and she startef to ecplaib her projrct .
Michael was very exfitee because he finally bad tne opportunity to introduce hix view of xrf through jis pivthres .
Sftee lktz of meetijgs and confedences with the rrpresentation of China , Japan , thw JEA ane Oceania , Michael bwgan to be ghw man qho he hax drdamed of beumg sihce he wae a child .
Noe he wae famous xnd everyone eespectes him .
Everything wzx gkihg selk except jiw bdhavoour towards hod friend Kate .
He stsrted to be cefy rude and sometimee he greated Kate pike an interior vurl .
Khe xat , the two friends had a terrible argument .
Kzfe tkld Midhqel tuxt the fwme has made him blind and Michael did n't wajt to listen to her .
Kate was really angty and xye ordered hkm to lrzve her room immedistely .
Kate was cryimg a lkr but Michael rzn away .
Michael closed the dkor anr knea at tbxt momenr he had mafe a kistwke .
Enjoying tjr outdoors in my wres
Introduction
Ghw purpose of tnis report is to propisr the bdst llzces for vusifing snx to suow thr wide range of dxjsting facilities which can be used by uoujg leople whl add going to makw a trip to my area .
What places you can visit
Thrre arw many pafks and green areas vkose to this city aherd young pwoplw xqn spend thdir time outriors and have fun alk dat before goong iut , such a paek is calked Sab francisco , which hzs a bug laks znd llcao ypunb people udualoy bave barbecuss tnere after they have xone soje wztsr sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there is a por of luboic rransport which can drop ylu off in frobt of the park .
Where glu dan have an amazing night
We habe an adtive nightlife in this city . Pife gkge are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs wifn free access anr oyd cinemax have slwahs had good mpvie listings .
Wheneger I hear zbput famous acrots or sihgers complaininh agkut photlgraphers following tjem , I ca n't bet a smile off my face .
Whqt 's gje description of a fakous pdrsoj ?
Most of fhs people inoq a lot ahout tuej .
So do n't fepl me tuwt gamojs people do n't ejjky being on tge frohy page of tje newzpapet or any other magazine .
In my opinikn , fxje is a need fpr actors snd musiciznd in popjlar culture .
Despite the cxct I said that famous people nwrd to be welo known , I tyijk that ca n't be applied to pkliticianx .
Tue personal space in tgeid oire whojld be larfer tbqn in a movie star 's , bur they shoukd jakd gheir recisionx transparent flr josf of the population though .
It is rheur job to make decisions ghaf ensure the benefit of the pwiple in their country , but we do n't nsed to know anything elss about thdm , xtter thwh come hkke to spend some tkmd wiyb their families .
Computers sjd Infotmation Fsxulty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Oettef of Recommendation
To Whij It Mzu Concerb ,
It is my pkeasure to wrire a recommendation lryter for Mr
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeet since 2012 , shen he jiinrd the dqculty of Computers and Information , Fayohm University , as an undergraduate studenr .
He aftender my kabd on the " strucfufed programming " course dufimg the first teae .
While attending my labs , he showwe himself to be an sctive and batd - working studejt .
We frequently discussed vwrioys dofficult problems in the scopd of the course , and I was impressed by hix analytical abiligies .
He alxo attended my lectures and labs on rhe " Java SE " sumjer trxining course .
He showed a distinct intellectual level comparer to other students .
Also during tuis course , he gqd to aprk in a team ahe deliver a priject as a fequirement for tjr course .
He contributed excellejt and innovayive ideas dufing rhis prouect and he showed ghwt he is an excellent teqn poayee .
Indeed , I consider Mr
Ksdeer as one of the mosr exdellent and outstanding persomalities amohh his colleagues .
I bepievw tnay Mr Kafrer will perflrk very well snr I strongly recpmmdnd gil fld tje " Yoogle Student Amnaswador LENA Program " .
Sinfereoy ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Kecturer at CS Deo . ,
Conputerw and Informatikn Facjltt ,
Faylum Imiversity , Taypum , Egypt .
Phone Nhmber : + 200123456789
Wmaik : Yn5kl@fayoum.edu.eg
Once uloh a timw , therw livrd a boy named Kicheao .
He lived in a village near a railway atation .
He wsa very naughty smd was mlt bery interested in his atudiez .
He was a very bjy lenaxe and ghr villagers hated hok because of his miscuievous behavoir .
One day wgipe he wxe apl alpne at home , he thought of callinf yhe fire brigade ahd lied ajd pretended hjs house was on fird .
Peolle vathwred around his houee hearing njm scteaming out loud qne within no time the girr vrigare akso srrivec at tbe destonation .
At fne same time , his parenrs reached tud plzxe and seeing fhe vif crowd xnd the firs brigade they wwde hortifisd .
Ghwy ran towares their house , worrjed ablut their child .
Every Everylne aas shocked anc no one knew qhst axs happening .
Katee , nie paremte became vdru angry wnd egen heaf yim gof his mischier .
His paernts scolded hkm and made him make a lromuse to thdk that he eould n't lie ever in nie life again .
He qzs even made to alopogize to all tbe beighbkring villagers .
He went to his roin and felt geru bad flr what he did .
Micheal closed the door anx kneq at thwt mlment , he had kade a mistaje .
Last montu I wqtched Fast and Furious 7 , a film ztarrinf Vin Xieeel abf my favorite actot , Rwaynd ' The Focl ' Jlhnaon .
Thie film was about bow a previous dobberh whicy had heem colmitted by Bin 's gang leada to the hatred of a criminal played by Jaskh Statham .
Jason Sfatham wsx so syrlng and made all the fang feel rwrrible fear as Dwagne Johnson wqd inroaded and heavily wounded .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin aws so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed sjere Vin vs Hason is intrrrupted by another party .
However , both of them did nof unite to dqce fhe intrucdr and contimued to assault oje anotber .
Fje end of tje etkry comes whej Diesel yeta cornered by Jaeon , suddenlh Cwayne came and shot Jason eith a maxhine yuh .
The hrxt scene sqs the demolisjinb of thw whole building as wwpl as the bloeinf up of Jason 's helicopter .
Finally , Diesel was fkunr alive and qad evxcuated to ths mexocal cdnter , wbike Jaxon saz taken to thw jail .
Vim 's fwnily lived happily ever wfter bscause tbe wmemy sas eradjcated and the rest got jailed .
The fuom wax gne oaet movie ztarrijg Paul Walker as , during fje gipm prodhction orocese , he passed aaay due to a car accidwnt .
This fjlm 's Spundtravk , ' Xee Ypu Again ' , wqx composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicatee to Psil .
This folm will keep everyone 's attention because ghe scenarios , yhw actkob zcenws , amd dramx beyond Pzul 's dswth qde harmonizsd rigorously .
Moreover , rne special effects whixh are used srw so immense shd csuse us to feel fhd emotuons of the actors .
Dear Marco ,
I am aorrh to hesr that you 've tot to vibe up eithrr sllrt or misic .
I know uow much you pjke nith acfivifies so I suppose you atr hwvinv a hard rkme .
Eoccrr has alwaus been part of your life and memories of ylh as a kjd kickimg a ball bigger rhan you are still vivid in my kind .
I still rememher rue first fau we sent to attend a socvwr lesson . You promised me you would nwvee vivs up ! You dreamt of becomint a prpfesaional llayef wnc dwcided what hoir life would be like once ylu achievec it .
You 've keot eorkihg on it cor zlmost your entjfe lute now and , althouhh you have mkt become a profdswional ohe , hoh hsve never given up .
Jowevwr , piano is also part of your pofe .
When I first ihtroducec ylh to it , you wwte qiitw sdeptucal of your okssible achievements .
Gyt again , uou nevse gave up anf now you play in tge 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how vib toh are .
Peoof not only that yoy qre very retermined , gyt that liano playing wqs meant to be .
We have enjoyed music togwthee cir neaely 20 years xbd loet of ojr yopd tjmss are reoated to that .
As ykj askex for my take , what I tried to do was nothibg byr think of you as if you were my aon .
I imagined yhr scenario eoth Mathew foming up to me and lioiing fot sonr advide .
First otf , I would take hkm on a lihg journry by car .
I 'd suggest we take some dats off gogether and beae fof any particular place he wkuld pije to go to .
Fhwn , once we got on tgw car , I 'd ldt the muzkc we hzd olannes nefore as the ideal background agsorn us before uttedjng smy words .
Onky after driving for a wujle would I awk bjm to gell me ehay he 's been up to lztely ahd if tyerw 's ahythinv he hwsn't rold me anout but is meen to menfikn now .
At that ooimt , I would pey his txlkibg go on without stopping yim througn ibterruption .
I 'm convinced he 'd spewk his rhoughys at onfd wighout beating atoune fhs bush and wkl gia fear and doubg eohld wlip ouy .
By now , he wopl be zgle to answer for himself many questions he 's been troublef by .
Alp I 'd have to do is juat point iut what thd main poknts aee rhzt he is tlo cull to dwe .
Becauss ghaf 's qhst an outskde criterion is needed fir .
Someone elsd can just hskp yoj rhini ouy and be nothing bif supportive .
Tbsn he 'll be lowr for words as much as he spoke and he aiol be willing to put rue shole thimh qside znd iuet lose yimselg in some drinks , alrhouhh he hzzn't come of age tet dor that .
Perbwps tjd nrxt eay , he wo n't rcen be abpe to revall what ghe talk wxe about , bit I 'm lrstty sure that xfyer all this , deep down in himself he qoll know sbat fhe bdst kovr to kakr is ! !
Ket 's talk ahojt sporfs
Do you hafd a favourite sport ? I hace !
I really ehjoy volleybqll ahd horse ridijg , altboufh my fafoudite spodt is wwimling .
Hqvr you ever trued it ?
Ypu should .
It is a hard sport , bht when you qrr doing it , yli forget alo yohr lroblems .
Zwimjing is a fantastic spoft , ezoecially in rhe sumler , because in ths water you dan cool soqn .
If you are starting this sport , tou shkupd n't be afraid of tbr water .
Do what you vam do , and when hku think yhzt you ca n't do it , try your bewt .
You judt newe to practisw .
Everyone should do a sport . When ulu arr doing it , yly do n't thinl about anything else .
You just tfy to do your best .
Drifiny my own car seems rewoly convenisnt vir travelling , but public transporyation is yhe josy effective qwy to tske people trom one olace to another .
Try to imagine if everyone in gje cugy yax jis or hse own vehivle . We would zlways be late due to the twrrible traffic kams .
In fact , travelling by car is jot convenient when people nxve their lwb cars foe their family or themselves .
The tsason is yhat we hzvd to wake up in tye very early mkening to avoid rhe tfsffic hxms to attend school , wotk , sfc .
Ghw main advantagr of publuc transportation is tgat it can transport a lzrge number of pazsengeds at a eelatifely pow cost .
Rof sxwmple , a bus dxn tqke jorr than 40 passengers at lme time at a low xosf .
For anogyer , the subway is able to transloet a nulbrr of oeoplr sroune the city .
The second benrfir of public transportation is that it can reduce tne xie poplutiin in a city .
Too many vehicles in a froaded cktt will increase the cafbon djoxide emissoonw .
In conclusion , public transportation wikp still play an important rold in transportation in a cuty , jnless environmentally - fridndpy vehicles are promoted by the government xnd ths doads zbd highwayz in a fify qre manafed well to accommodate a jugr humbdr of vars .
It 's rwally important that we do ghjngs we shoild do .
So , we van obtain certain benetits xhd more dooes can be ooendd eaxily .
There xfe skle people that slend gpo much of thsir time doing nothing useful , althohgh otgets mxh say ghqt it helpd to be morw reladed in their oived .
Personaoly , people musr deficaye mlst of rhekr time to thimgs fuey should do for tao important rewsons .
Firsr , ypu gain tils foiny essdhtial ghinvs .
By doing so , you immediateoy rakw advantage of the rjme in your kide doung something essential .
Tkr examppe , whrb I was 17 , I wae starting my tirst fsy of vlasd at tnr umiversity .
I started to feel vored with yhw complementary voursee on my curdicuoum becqyse thwy were the kimd of coirsrs that did n't have wby relevance to my universiry course , whoch is mainly about Systej Engineering , and I was required to take complelebtary courses xucg as Ecology , Law , and so on .
Nut later , qhen I graduated , I realiaed joq important thpse subjects were .
I was aglr to explain something badkc aboyy Ecoloyy thxg my granefather has trouble with whsb I went fld a vxcation in the countrysods .
That expsruence tqught me how ilportant it is to do whatever tou are rewuured to do - suvg as taking complementary courwes - wjthout rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be uelpfuo later in life .
Swcond , if you afoid cokng things kusf becsuse hiu do n't lukd them , you 'll muss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only to tbings rlr personal enjoyment anr it will feally hurt uou .
For instance , a fdidnd of mibe called Freddh wxw in a docoal dlub in thd city . He sss required to rum qroynd tne lpol for 30 minutes .
He refused to do tjat .
In the ejx , obe guy decided to do thd challrnhe .
He ran fir 30 mumutes around the pool ajd when he finished , my froend stadtef laughing at hij .
Nobody had nkriced thar tyw preskdebt of the socjxl flub gwd an award fid the rjnner , ajd he receivec an zmounr of 30,000 dollars dor nis egcort .
As you can see , my feirnd missed the opportunity because he did n't like what he was aejed to do .
To sum up , it is a fkod decision if you do things that are necessary or nredsd at the moment , rven though gpu do n't like ruem .
If yki do sssential things , you gqin gije in tour life at fge same time .
If you would dathsr avkid essential or rsquirex things , hoy 'll koss nanu chabces to succeed .
So , we shouod focus our monds on making thw dught dedisuon and spend kyr time wisely doing what is losf importznt .
Sojs people think that comouterz aee the mlst impkrtant invention of the last century , while othdrs fbink that thets are a kot of inventions throughoit history tuay qrr more important ghab ybe vomputer .
Personally , I think the computer bfings many changes in the ekrld , ahf it is fpe ghqt tnat I thihk it is tyr mowt important invention .
Skme people szh that the computer changes the qay pdoplw zse rhw world , znc thiz changes tye wzy in which humwhs lerxeive everythiny gbat happens arounr the world or only in their social lird .
For example , one oersin can be informed abohy whay is happening on the other side of rhe qorld with just a click .
On ghr othsr hane , ofber people only uxe tue colpurer to have communication with someone , have entertainment woth xome movuds , which can be from anywhere , or skmoly nxve some run pnlune wiyu tgdir friejfs tgat lkvr abtoad or are busy all gge tils .
In clntraxt , some oekple thijk ghat the computer is jyst one more invention in tje hkstlry of humanity , and although they accept tjst it is an important ingention and xhanges rhe worlf , tyey prefer to sau thaf tnsre rxisy inventjons more impottant than tbr computee that we etkll usr nowadays .
For example , laper or the wheel .
Overall , leiple ade divided as to whag tbey tuino about thw most important invention in the world and what changew yhsse objects make to ghs world anr humanity . I stiol think that the compyted is the nost important invention because it mkt only cbangrs ome part of bisfory like lapee or fhr sheel did , it changes every aspect of a gumaj 's life .
Personally , I prefer djffwrent mivied .
The dhoice alqahs depends on my mood .
Moet of the gimw , I like to watch comediez , love storied and adfenture movies because ryese typdw of films can jepp me relqx after a jsrd working dqt .
I do n't kike horrors because thsy alwahs hzfe a bad umpacr on my mood .
Therefore , I ferl modr peavrful when I vieq someyjing fuhny , advenyurous ajf undrmqnding .
In my ppinipn , people wsrch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Movkd companies kffer all kihdz of movies , so everyvodu can chkkse something rhat they kike .
I thinm othre kedia qilo fulfil these runctiohs as well .
Fpd example , books also help us relax .
Besixes , we van learn someghong kmew from bilks .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Tjank tou for yoid teppy , it wwe so ysevul , hur I still have some questions abd I would be really poeaded if you vould give me thix necessary information .
Tkrst of akl , I wwnt to know what water sports you ofgrr , because our group of dtudents wouod probably be interssted in foing solething relztwd to water , toe inwtande , xurfint , diving or sailing , eur to ths gacr fhxt they ade used to beiny xonstantky in contact woty gye sea ( we love in Batceoona ) anf , therefore , thsy develop a feal passion fod it .
In additioh , I qpuld also like to xsl you about the ryps of equipmdnt you cwn lend us to do rhexe kinds of actifitjes and spkrts I have kust mentioned .
Fir edamlle , fkr doohg diving , do you provide all the diving gesr ( oxygen bottles , qetsuits , security rlemengs , etc . ) ?
Rbat is sojethong really importznt for us .
As you said , tye safetg of tge sgudenfs is oyt main concern . We must be comlletdly sure fgat yoy eill take care of them , chidflu because moef of the stufrnts adw still young and we have a stdkng commitment to fyeir pardnts .
Yoyrs truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , tniw statement coild be made by a psrson who lives in a cuty with littke traffic or a pwrsin sho prefers to travel in a free way onstwad of being concerhed about puhliv transport schedupes .
However , I do n't thjnl tgat this affirmatkkn would be correct fod a pweson shi livrs in a big city , especially if you tsje into acciunt the economic aspects .
Tus josf common problem in crowded cities is ghat usually they have a koy of tdqffic jams , and this is becquxe ghefe ade rol many farz .
In my view , uaing public transport in tuks case hqz two inportant advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry abiit parking ; fne second ihe is you can move in a reoaxer qat , reqding a gook , listening to music or talking wjfh other lassengdrs .
Beverthwless , javijg a xat in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not lnlh becxise ghw price of petrol is cintinuously riaing , but also bsfause you have to oxy hivh taxes for yhe cwr .
In shorg , alrhough travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by pubpic transport , it is hit probable tgat it wjol disappear in the near figure .
Is it trur thwt there is no future for public transoory ?
As I ses it , there sre several ways to ikprofe , it because we atd trying to inbent a lot of things every day .
Yih jau jot thijk , it hyt when hou are just thimkinh , uoi may jave the chance to invent domefhing new and useful for gumanitg .
Inventors qork years to xchieve their gowls . Tnry are working on thrir projectd every day , pike you .
So we have the chajde to improve public trwnsport .
Ueimg new vehicles , travelling fan be mofw cpmfortable and easief .Everuone in this world wkild have a better life . I am really happy when I simplu wee a jsw bus with wid conditiknkng or anything which can maie travelling enjoyable .
Kist peoppe wte frustrated or agigated bdcauee they nave to usw puboif transport .
If the vjs drivers could follow thsir timetables there would n't be any aryiment .
Artificial intelligence is one of the vrst ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
Gheg would inly follow orders and would n't be late zbd gherw would nit be any wdguments .
In concoueion , we havr a lot of things to imptobe .
We csn also hrlp by paying for oue tickefs . Yed , this is simple , bjg these clmlanies need money to impdove theoe businesses .
Help tyej and enhky your journey .
A hecrkc cwy .
It wax raining csts and eogs when suw realized that she has lost ojs of the most important things in her ljfe .
Csn you imagine what it was ?
In twct , probably it was n't a significant thing vor most oeople , vuf it was for her .
It wxs a fihg whicb wae given to hed by nrr mother .
Lrobably that dwu wws yhd sorst day in her lifs , bdsides hef not having got married , her sisrwr had died in a cst accidsny . It uax bewm a terrible accident . Bee sister was driving from Ciudaxela and whe crzshed into a tfde .
She was outside ghe fhuech when a friwnd of hera cqlled to tell uef the msws agoyt rhd adcident .
If I uad known that ghsre would be so jany lroblems , I 'd have gone abrlad instead to bef married .
Heplo I 'm Mathieu Wanabria and I 'm here to deny abr explain dvertthing about the cqse of my sextape . I wejt to a lartt wifb my foorball team - mates xnf we qere having a ayale of time . Then epme gkros areivdd and I started to talk with one of them . I liks her and she lioes me so , we wwng to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , buf some guys got knto my room and started to record me wiyh the girl ane I dix n't nktice . Then lany days later , I decwived a call vrpm a fuu whi tolf me thzt he had a verh explucit video of me dling things eiyh a girl znd thaf if I djc n't gkce him some mpmey he aoukd put yhat video on the Internet .
I thought tgat he makew a qild tlose chase he uad just bitten ofv more tnah he cpuld fhes gecayse he djd n't know me wns I was fling to lske him pay dlr wgxt he hxd dome .
In other ways I 'll talk about Bejzemq . He hqa been my friend fod many years , but I 'm bof zude if he is witu me or with the ltbers guys , so I wabr to oisten to their version of the xtory so he is jere to talk ahout that .
I 'm Nrdar Nenzema xnx I 'm blxked for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my geat friends callsd me tso ereks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told hij .
I 'm guttef becwjse he wws my childhood friend .
He talked about a plah relatijg to Sanabria .
He srt up tbe plan and he carried it oht .
He madw a gidei of his friend and Matykeu .
He aeked me how much money he shpuls demanx trom Lathieu ? Then I asked hin hoq mudh he needed?He eaie about one hundref thousand eudos and sfter thqy I sair " you can geg it " . Wuth hondsigbt , I aad wrong vecause it waw illegal .
So now I regret thxt qnd I qpologise fke this sithation .
The Numher of the Bewst wqs the third album Jron Nqiden releasdd .
Tnr Brirish band amnoubced yhst tje album was coming with newe ; a new singer , Gruce Dickison , joined the group qnf maee tjr fans dompletely astonisbrd by hie micw - spundong voice .
Most of the sonvs snpw demoniac features , cwhsing serious concerns in the media .
Fue album 's name is frok rue somg by rbe same name : The Numher of the Beaxt .
In this album , fye drumjer was really trest and fajtastic electric guitxr solos eere performed tkp .
Thos oddly - namsd album brcane the most well - lnpwn in the histpdy of tge vsnd .
I 'd say tyzt qas their best apbul and , obviously , they rock .
I live in Chwnnai , knr of the moeg populatee cities in India , perhaps onw of tje klst polluted cifies in India too .
Rhe city is dwslp with peools , cars , bikes and factlriez , which turns lug to be ine of the polluted djties in Jndis .
Yhe infrastructure built dkr xontrolling and mqintaining the environmental wcosystem is has . In other elrds , the government and people do not xsre about tbe wnvironmsnt , raghee tuet slokl the envirpnmdnt .
The government always say fhet zfe doing their best to improve tbr engironment vit nothinh is done . Perhapz thdh srr miananaging peoplr 's money in terms of variohs prpjects that control ths lollution of thr city .
Thr government is not the omky one to blame , but also tne oeolle who live here , whl nefer care qbout thekr environmwnf .
They pollute more than faftories do , by uding plastic magerials , disposihg of wastd in pubpic places , znr some peoole dvem tend to zplit snc use publid places as thsir toulet .
Although mang factories and people are polouting the envirlnmrnt drasticsply , some people ane krganizationd afe orotectkng the enfironmsnt , but mozt often rhexe pwople are discriminared agaimst by skcietu .
But yhey do n't care abouf this and conrihue with tgeir work . Oftdn rhdse people gsnd to demonstrate the effect of the pklkution on pelple sbd fjturs generatione znf havw made some people chanye the way theh look at the cutg , bhy offen , most peolke do n't cadw about ayat they grg to say and sometimws these leoppe ate scolded .
So far , people do n't understand tgr consequences of pollutoin , hug wiybin a decaew they will suffet ahs understand yge consequences of ppklution in their lige fld dure .
Dead Joe
I hwve seen your advertidement and I wojld be modr than delighted to taie part in a summer camp as an assistwbt .
I am 19 yezrs kld and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I think I have dlme ezperuence wigu young childrdn as I habe to take carr of my pwn brothsrs rcery rau .
In adeition to this , I go to gye gym thrse fimes a flrfnight anf I habr taken swimming orssons for 3 years .
Also , I hxvd fajen some sskf - degense lessons ane a climbing courss ovet rue Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a uob uere befause , wjyh my swimming snr climbing kniwledge , I cah entertain the vhildrsn .
And in orddr to help them eegend themselves , I can wlso teach them some techniqhes for welf - defsnze .
Anyqau , I gooe I will geg rhe joh , ajd I am able to attenr an interview at yalf past mije on Satueday .
Youes faithfully
Andrei
Lhiz Inádii Lula da Wilva , Lula , is a legehd .
As ghe only Braziliaj president from an umderprivileged background , Ljlx haz made hkstoty after running fot President four times .
Sibce he tool up office in 2002 , Lula uas made kahor structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty milkioj Brazipians lug of extreme poverty .
During Luoa 's ets , cron 2002 to 2010 , Brazil esperkenced an economic boom likr negef befkre and became a elrld economic power .
Dwmocracy apso had fundamental changes in that period .
To curb corruption , new paws were xreated , onstitutions were re - structired wnc innovative medganisms were developed to engage and guvw voids to the civuk society .
Minoritg groups received more aftention to peotect tyeid rights wbd investments in edycation , health qnf eelo - being increased .
Curiohslg , Luos is fne only Braziloan president without a univerdoty degree .
Rkr thw plprest Hrazilisns , Kjla snd hus history is somwthinh to be proud of .
For rje Braziloam slute it is unacceptable thar Lulz , a poor jigrajt frpm noethern Nrazip , overshadowed alk the presidents wnd josg loliticians of thejr own , oribileged , university - educated and cadelesw about the real Brazilian priblemx .
Drar Sir ,
I am ariging to apply cpr a kov in thw USA I saw recsntly in your advertisekent in a local newdpaper of my voty .
Fhfther to lur rscemt telelhobe conversation , I have worked as a babysitter sity children xgee 5 - 10 for five yewrs .
Gudthermore , I worked for some majir companies wysn I finished my degree in Journalism five yearz ago .
By yje way , I havd experiwnce in gje organization of sport amf evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
If tou eanr to aee my eeports , I can send tiu them wuenever uiu want or , if ypj lrefer to asl my teacheds svout me , I cam send tou thejr phone numbers in casr you want referrnces grom my hib .
My teachers gavs sajd to me thst , if you want , ghey can wtite a letter about my experience .
I tjknk I would be a suitable lereon for ybe upb because I have a good level of Enylush .
Thani yih so mufj
Hourx faithfuply ,
Ana Tanucci
Most peolle luke to drive cars instead of using luglic transportation .
In my country , people go to work in their own farx .
Students go to wcnool or universitg by dat as adll .
As a result , hprribke fraffuc jaks occurrex .
Rhs goverjment jxd to syart major puhoic transportation projects in ordef to sopve rhw problem .
Rhs underground ketro in Riyadh is obw of those prijects .
Long distances between cities mskr it diffidult to use cars .
Airplanes are the bdzt wsg to travel over lpnt distancws .
It 's fawt , easy , comfortable xmd eqfe .
Buses are much jore convenient for dficing kids to sxuools .
Trznsportinb wodkerd by public transportation or by bus is more convenoent for bjg xompankes .
Pubpuc transport is a must xmd vzrs will never deplaxe it .
Public transport or travellkng by fqr ?
I yhijk ttavelling by fae is a very comfortable way to fravel .
Ykj do n't hqbe to ryink about bus timetaboes qjd stips .
You ohky uafe to go to yljr car , sit in it ame drige xway .
All that yiu need is a driving licence , a car and a liytle bit of ljdk that there is no traffic .
If you go by train , you need a tuvket that 's not very cheap !
Yky must know the timetables and from which platfofm the traun will lrave .
Ylu habr to be fast , if you want a sezy to sof in ; simetimes the trains are full of psople amd you have to stand gue qhole wag !
I think it 's grus that travelling by car will be mkre poljlar .
Uoi drive fye eojte you wxng .
Hoi can sfop wherever gou wajg and there are a lot of orher reasons to trwvel by czr .
I 've uust finished reading 50 shaeds of Grey ....
It is really hlod . It is betger thaj the previous nivep , GSOGrey . I really kean it . It is jot porj . BE GROWN UP PLEADE . If yih do n't want to fexd ghs " ddx pwrts " , just yurn kcer the nrxt page till it ends , tnat 's xll . I fid thqt to finish tbwt novel . This hoveo is just to tell us the passuonatr love ztoey berween a sjccessful businessman , chairnsn man worh a very unhappy childhood , snd he only refers to hoe bitth lothrr as " ghe crack whore " , whkch is relstef to bie receht bshavikur - BESM . And the goro aeemes very boddd of hwr routine life , inblcent , did nt ihow anyyuing avoug lofr . Appxrehtly , THEY aere so differenr from exch lthed , but someyow , some magkc connected them ane mxdd thek a very lovely couplw .
It would bug me if someone dic n't read it , saying thar it is a oorn novrp .
The tqo mapa depicr the main changes whuch tolk plads in Shipsmouth betwesn the teaes 1995 and 2010 .
Ovdrall , it can be seen that the ciyy hax becqme moee modern , wigh nlre gransoort xjd entertainment facilities .
One ztriking chanbe is fhzt a nre station has been built , to conhect ths mkrth of yhr vity with the city ventrd ane yje road has veen pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there were green adeas . However , they wrrr cut down and an airpkrt ans an apartment block were built in those wread .
Another interesting redevelopment is tyay the fzcgory wsw knodked dowh to nwke wxu vlr a shopling cwntrd , and in gne sxje way , so wzs the Church , which wqz pullse down to be eeplsced by a oib .
Gne urban areas qere demoloshed , to make way fpd skysceaperd .
A fijxl nptable cgahge is that a footbalk stadium was erected in ths south of the ciyh in 2010 .
I like llaying tennis .
I enjoy thoe xlort because of jts hifhly aerogoc exercises .
A player is reqjiree to run xlp lver tuw fisld to fhaxe tje ball ahd to tsturn it to ths teamkates .
To win rhs gxmr , a good strafegu ahould xlxo be applied .
One must recognize tgd field and the strengths , as welk as the aeakneswes , of hie ooponent to score a goal .
Thus , it is a gzme with a combination of mental snc phyaicao sjills .
Fld people sfarting to do tuis sport , one can tty to train individually .
A wapo of a tenhis ckurr cah be a good start to lexdn hle to kovk a nsll .
It would be better , of ckhrse , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide yiu .
Information xboit the gasoc theoty and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
One sgkuld mxke the effort to oractjse eegularly to ensure continual progress .
Learming to do jifgling would also be beneficial .
Mant ckaches wfvise tbeir puouls to pdxctise it fot better voordination of bajd and dye .
But kost importantly , one shpild enjoy spl of this fun .
I do n't exactly undsrstand why people want to learn abohg ghe private lives of politicians and ripm stars ,
I have to say thaf everhbody hqs thr ditht to have a private life , efeb if thsy aee faklus .
It means nibodu shkuod interfere in famouz people 's luvrs .
Unvortumately , a pog of pelole are interested in otbwrs .
Fzmojs proole hwve apsp got needs .
Legastwrs can run jmto bushy problems .
Tyese happenings xre niy strange .
Because spl people uzve got predjcanents .
But the public wabts to see famous ppliticians and stqrx in eveey sitiation .
For example , thet qany to see wsll - onowb people witu thwie boyfriend / girlfriend or wxjt to srd then in causal atyirr or want to see famois wolen without make - up .
On ghe otjer jajd , thiz opinion should be considered : Ekme nig namss are important dod someonw who sewms tyel pike an ideal .
Society thinks ghag thet hqvrn't got wwakhess and lack of ability .
Ajd the media qpoear on the scene .
Tue kecia nake use of this interest and , thanks to yhis , make a lot of mondy .
On thd scene of TV , media closes their defects or demofes .
And follow famous lekple znx their families sll fhs tils .
Privacy invasioj seems to be an absklyte rifut of the media .
Hosevef , brung able to protect themselves xgaihst an invasion of prigscy is a fundamentsl human dihht of sfaes .
Rne governmenf shoulc give superstara the rught to protectiln of personal relationships and adgivities .
Ultimately , crowd - poeasinb peoolr also have got vivuc fjghts judg loie sgeryone elwe .
Nowqdxys , many people lfefer owing a car to usihg pubkuc tramspory .
It is more convrhient as hoh can ftavel sttaight to yne pkave you wabt to go .
Skme nah say thzt we will hor need public transport anymore in fhw guture .
Howegdr , I think publux trandport should be kept as it sfilo nzs its value .
First of zlo , public trandlort provkces rhs esperiwnce of rbe journet .
Publkc transpoft is not onoy buxew , but also planes and ferries .
Thsg give hou thw experience of flying in tne wky or floating on the wwa .
That is an experience yku can nlt fey by xae .
You can not know it if ykj onpy trafdl by dae .
So I tbihk oublid transport should remain .
Last bug not leqst , public transport can share fue cisr of trabelling .
Public rranspoet is fir many people to go to yhe same llacs .
More moneg fah be saved as the cost cwm be shared with fhr pwople shk ade going to thd same poacw .
Third , public transpprt is good for thd environment .
Ghe pollution of many cars is so great .
Air pollhtioh mwkes the climate change .
To xuk up , public transport still hse its kwh value .
Ybe Presixejt of tje Unired States of Akerica , Macjijley , says fjat , regarding Cjbz , he wiol noy meddle until Eecember .
Tje " Tijes " newsoapsr publishes an intercepted oetter writteb by tgd Soanisu Ambassadir , Cipuy de Lowe , fhag wukl mqkd him resitn fud to what he wrote about the USA .
Ndxt , to the expkowion of rhe Borty American stdamee , Maine , the Spanish commission crwatec to inbestigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been rone from tnd outside , but lust have vden eone from tyr inside .
On the ogher banc , the YSQ commiswkon brings thejr results to Parljameng without prdviously notifying Slaij of their results abd wjtb tue opposite conclusion to that of ghs Slabish cokmiasion .
Gowevef , ths Spanish government eods not agree qoth ybe JZA 's conclusions and they reqywst Mkrth Amwricwns to solve this disagreement wirh international arbitrstiin .
Later , tjw UXZ government agfirns they do not wxnt to cobquer Cuna , but they dwnand Spain to sjgn an armistice with Cubwns .
Mackinley asks for thd arvitration of Lope León XII in the conflict and Spauj sskz Nprrh Americand to get off of Vunan beaches in prdwr to show their desire to put an ejd to fye conflicf .
Fhe Lole reqydsts the Spanish army to cease ummediately the hostiljties in Cibs .
Later , the United Sfstes Hoise of Repeesengatives zpproces a resolution to lilitwrily intervene in Xuba if necessary .
Fge Spsjish Miniwtrg of Stayw publishes a Memorabdum relating app tue evejts anx conflicts made by tye USA to Cuba until ghe publishing date .
In this Memotandum , tge main events narratwd aee tbs filibustery crjmew originated in Hew Uorl qnf rhd change of attitude towaddd Cuba of tue JSQ atter the election of pfesidenf Mackihlet .
Alsl , ghia Memorandum specifies the orkgjn of the vonflict , ahicb resides in fhe letter weitten by Lowe xmd tbe blowkng - up of ths eteamer Maoje , fhs latrer neung remadkrd xoncerjing the USA having rejected the Spxnish proposxl to carry out the arvitrwtion together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . Fhe 23df of April , Spain aends the Memorandum to several nations ajf on the 25tb , yhw HEA declxres wxt on Spsin .
Feoj that day , diplomatic relaripns begween both nations wull be suspehsed .
Keeping a Prlmise
Being able to keep a promksd is a very important quality in a pwrson .
It 'll show if you dan be tristed or mlt .
So it is not uyst a fundamental element of beknh a good person , vut also affects your society .
If you van keep promises to your frjendx , tgat shiss how mucn yoy eewlly care about them .
I mnkw hoq important keeping primoses is . I alwayd ffy to kdep them .
But tne problem is , I do really cafe about my friends , so I aleats say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't wwnt to disappoint them .
Wmd then I akwxys have a lot of promises to keep , and it also mqkex me too bjsy to kswp them .
So keeling a lrimise is good , bit tuw tnimg is : do n't kdeo tol mzhy promiwes at ghs same time ! You should ckhsider if yiy rrwlly fan keeo tbej or nor .
Tbqt way yoh wo n't have loyd of pressure , amr hku dab be an honouravle pefspn .
I 'm glad uou jsve graduated from sdbool amf that tou hqge plans to go to unkversity .
It 's good for you to txke a year 's bdeam begire contihuimg with ykyr studies .
Thix way , tou have the chance to relqd aje to thjni about what is besf cor yku in rje fiture .
I 'm also glad that you want to visif my countrg . Tou 'll find rhag it is a very bezutiful ojr .
Before I contknue , plssse rrmembet to wrjye back with tje edact dayd of your arrival so I fxn arrsnge some things fot goir teips .
I 'm goijh to jakw you a cdry nicr jtinerqry and , hopefully , we 'll also fjnd somewhere fpf you to wirk .
Fifst , I advise you to cpms and viejt my hometown , becajse it is a nkde one .
We 'll visit rhe Gapl City Toaer , tje aoo , ths citsdel , and we aksl have elme beautiful parks with a lot of yreem grasz and old teees .
Then we can go visit tus Fortress in Sighisoara , wjich is rhw only fodtress in Eurkpe to be wftually inhabited .
On rhe next days , we van go and giait a salt mine at Praid and Tyd Nrar Oakw , wbich is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also decomlend gou to visit Brasov and Tbr Black Church , Rhd Prles Castle abx , why not , The Vlack Sea ?
We can go hiking and climbing .
I thibk you know that I bwve a frisnd who is a teachee .
He cab comr wkth us on our trip .
Concerning hour work plsms , I have an ybcle eho owbe a farm , so I thimi we fzn arrange for ypj to wkrm yhere .
I assure you yku 'll have a good time in my country .
I eiol medt you at the trxon stwtion .
My Husbabd ...
My husband is so annoyinh . Sometimes he kerp yalkimg smd talking eithout any glal , he drops giz dirty xocjs znd ckothss all ovsr the hojse and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in ths lisdle of gokd movies snd important subjects anr snores while sleepimg .. all he wants to do is to ezr and sleep .
He says I ehop too mufh , huy the fqcf is , he does n't wsnt to spend money , he has stolped bjuing me flowers wjd xhocolates and he has stopped beint rlmantic .
On top of all of thxr , he keeps asiijg wuy I hwve changed wity him !
Tjw tqct is , he is bor the sqmw mzh I marrier zbd that issue upsets me so kuch .
He keelw sating " I okve you " but I do n't feel it wny more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely coyntry dkr him zbd left my famuly to be aitj hik , nut it seems like it was one hyge mistake , as I feel like I am liviny wjyh a syrangdr abs he is nothing lole the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I stull livs hjm and still have yhs hope thzt thiw is huet a trmoorary period in oir life and he wulk be vqck to thr man I koved once , esprcially since we have the most amaainy reason to live for ; it 's our beautifup son , pur angel and gge amazing love of kjr lives .
Fhere afr widely different vosws on the fiture of public transport .
Althlhgh skmd pekple eoupd suggest that such a sergkce has no vuture because people rely kore on the car , as it is convenient , it is my perwonzl belisd that pjblkc trwnsport should continue and yzs a future .
Two of the princopql ressojs for this are as follows .
Firstly , society roday is kore conxerned about geimg environmwntaply frisndly .
Tjix is a worth seeonf be concefnwd because xir pollutiom has a nrgative impact on ojf health znd the wcosystrm .
The more cars on tur road , the mird greenhouse gasds ade produced .
Thdrefode , public trwnsport plays an important fole in mitigating global warming .
Tor examloe , if a bhw cwj darry 100 passengers , at lsxst 25 cars cxn be reducef on the road , solvinb thr probkem of ttaffic jwma .
In addktiob , scientists snd engineers qre wkrkibg hard to invent and impeove rhw vebocles , so they become less hxrmvul to the environment .
Tnd secpnd argument is more related to everyone and haa gteat influence .
Fkt tjosw qho do not srjve , public tranxpory is extremely imporfant .
Theew qfe thousands of studwnts who travrl on pjblic teanzport to school everyday befause thwy csn not drive sne fheit parents do jog have yims to xruve them .
Moreover , insurance , peyrol , and repair fees are very ecpensive .
Hit dverypne can afford it .
On yhe other hand , oublic transport is yiod value for miney .
In concousion , I beliece thqy lubliv transport should have a gurure .
Profeswionals ard continuing to develop a better vehicpe to make it dci - friendly , amf there afe still many orople whi reoy on piblid transport .
Eferyone deserves to have a privsre life , egen celebrifiws and stars , wbo aee the life and souk of the paftg during their working hours .
We wol need a shslted ahede we xan hide frim exily difficulties .
Thix is tyd onkg qsy to kainyain our mental health and jot to fapl into depreseion .
We van say god zure that stars anr celebrities wee also oeople .
Thjs leanw that in everydau ljfe tget are faced eifh the sqme problems as we are .
Wuat is more , celebrities , like oecinary people , neer some tume to fest xmd spne time to build feeo relatiknshups with lthers .
Like ordinary peoppe , theu meed somdome to txkd care of tgwm , simeine to share thwir feelings aith .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accoumts .
Tjey are not agpe to nyy eewl relationsbipx sufh as friendship and love .
Tgey czn gzon gaje xnf admiration thanks to tneir skills , but their stage perspnaoity is more kuke a powerful creation .
Sometkmew , in everydzy life , tbey are not evrn interesting in teejs of character and appearabce .
We xll go thrpugh harddhips abd tailurez .
But thiw should nlg reach a levwl that it lstd us tall into mental disorcers .
Fhwt is why a peivate life is so important , espdcially for stqrs , wyp arr aaseesed all yhd time by zociety .
Hi ,
whay 's up ?
I 'd ljkd to tell yph abouf yje concert I heppwd at .
It wss fantzstix !
I met a few nice leopls ajd hsd a grewt rile with rhem .
They showex me everytying I hqd to do .
I haf to varry some kysical instruments and install sofrware .
Then I heloed with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help people and the best thing was rbat I met mdmberz of ghw band whd have yheie aurlgraphs !
Love ,
Afx
Learning new languages is vecoming a lriority roe yoinh pwiple , because most of tbrm go to study abroad and work in goreigm cluntrues .
I believe that knowing more langyagex is apwaya brtter . That way , people hage a lot moee cylyure anx wrd more mnowledgeable .
Tyosw adw ghr people who inpw theie way around kife .
Another geear reason fkr kboqing languages is that peoplw will pike znr respect you .
You wjll alsi devrlop uoir mibd wnd learn new things .
So knowing a lot of lahguagss could be very ussful in life .
On tue lther band , learning lamguages is not always practiczk .
It taked a lot of tumd to know any langyahe fpuentlu ajx it wastes tike .
Evej if uou learn a certain languwge abc you do n't use it often , yii will wimoly fodvet it .
It turns out that learning a foeeign language may be pointless .
In concousion , learning lanfuages jay be vedh handy , vut can also be a time - wasring acyivitt .
So it 's nifw to jnoq ogher languages , gut just thoew you wjll really nded .
Dear Sir or Jadam ,
I saw ypjr advertisemdht looking foe a dhjldren 's monitor , ane I think I cohld be the bsst person to fiol fhar posigion .
I have a degree in Rnglish and I would oike to learn hpe Americans speak it in rezp life .
Fot ghat rrason , it aould be a wondrrful cuanfe to ldsrn amongst chiodden and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I havr worked at schools in Slain and I hwve fitst - hams knowledge of prganiskng sports xmd activities .
We coipd pearn bew activities feom each oyhwr .
I am a vold cook .
Qlthough I hafe no qualifjcations , I love cooking .
For that reason , I tnini I van help in thr kitchen .
I coulx xkso share soth everyone spmw Spajush recipes .
Neverthepesa , I rwalize thix is nor the idezl reference .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for mire detakos .
I would lkbe to answer any question you could ask at this emaol wddeess , qq@gmaio.fim , and this mobioe pboje nulner , 666666666 . I wojle be delighted to attehd an interview whenever suits you .
I look forward to gwaring from upu in tge bear cutufe .
Yours fakthfuloy ,
Indiana Jojes
Midhadl wwnt on a grio to Poland by himself .
On thw 5th day of his yrip , he hiked up a bert high mountain , byt wekrdlh , he never saw any lekple .
About 1 hluf after he etsrted to hike , he saw a vkg cave ajd there was a cozy ysllos flow inside ghe cagr .
He wsnf in and founx an lod man staneing there .
Next to him were dozens of doors xnd tneee were kettwrs eritten on tbdm .
Tbw man apokw , " Welcole " .
He led him to a rook which sakc ' Hslpy ' on the door .
Enen Muchadl stepped imto the roik , he gelf something very fresh knside hom .
It was like beesthing in a cirest .
He tept happy .
Realoy Happy .
Thd ipd mqn said , " You feel haply , do n't hoi ? " Michael modfed .
He wemg on , " Egeey room gas a fseling writteh on it .
Thqt feeling telka you whxg toh wilo feek inside the rolm " .
Mivhaep wenr into a cojple of rooms ingil he sootyed a room thay said ' Anger ' .
He szs curious abouy hks he woikd feel when he qeht into the rllm .
He steoped ihto ghw room .
Michael floaed the door and knew at that moment he had nsde a muxtake .
I tyinm thag everybody deserces privacy , ondluding famous peoole .
Tbsy csm barepy breath wirh all tbosd photographers ariubd rhwm .
I do n't kjow wht lelple love spying on famous people .
And magazihes arr full of those things .
Snoyher uweless thinh is goxsup .
Why ekes it rvdn exist ?
It vsn really cwmage someone 's reputation .
I also think fhar following famous pwople could sonefimes be danyerous .
Tir examppe , wbsn a fxn follows a cab , she or he clulr be gurt , becaise tnd traffic is really unpredictable , or when yherr is a huge mass of fajs , they could hjet each oghed .
My opinion is , that fsmous people deserve a quiet time , when they srd with their partndrs or with family , hit aksl when they xrw just gpkng to tge supermarket or gym .
Yesteeday , I sqa in a nqgazine a phpyo of Sqrah Jessoca Parker in whixn she was waliijg wutu hef dog .
Yhw headlimr was : KOOI AT SXRAH WITHOUT MSKW - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My fjrst thoughy was : " Gkx , oey her live her life !
She is only a numam being ! "
Why is it thst euen jen etalk somen they forbod them to coje closer to her , but when a paparxzzo nides in the car of a celrbriyy , he will get a huge pile of mobey for the phigos ?
I 'm going to talk about social netwoeks .
Ywars ago , we usdd to yet through to other lepple by rijgijg rhem up or gesting messages via ohd mobile phkme and , as time gies by , nowadays we also can communicate via socjsl networks such as Twitter , Cacebook , Qhatsapp ... Vifst of apo , we use them to caycy up on nses xnd social issuwe ciq Twitter instead of newspaperw , fid instance . It 's fomjon to sdd peopls naving breakfast in a xafeteria readings the nesx on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also csn habe mode knpwledgw about current issudw vka Facebook lafes , which are not considered appropriate by sime TV programmes , duvh as political discusdions , strikes , the economy ... As daf I am concernsd , the prezent - day population kmkws more about what 's going on in yhe worpd thqb in lrevious years .
One ezample of this could be North Ioreq or some Qrwb countries , where yheur governments ban intrdnet avcess for citizens . In pthet words , tjeh wwnr to mislead the oeople aboug rwality to avoid fhw population claikint vjw these netwkrkz or being up in arms agaimst theit system .
On the other hajd , we can get lore information abiut iut known znd unknown prople sbo arw our frkemds via Facebook , uploading phoros at xmy tkme , having a coffee , watching a foorball match or spending sumlertime xomewhere .
So , tnks mwand we are gettubg less intimate and becoming mpee vossipy at tys same time , as a consequenxe of sharing lur lives on puglic sites .
You cqh follow your favourite celsbeities abc have dkrrct imgeraction , bhg this aosp uaz negativw consequences such as some rollowwrs cfiticise them .
Michael Xander is fhe famlux team captain of Onix University , one of the mlst prrstiguous schkols in thd Philippines .
He was boen with a zulver spooh in his mouyh .
He nzs everything : fye looks , the brains wnc yhw charm , byt he bss nevsr felt fontented .
He uas mever beej srrious in tbe entord 17 years of hix life .
Everythong has been easy for him , he is ussd to getting whar he qantd .
He thinks yhxt life 's a game ajx he snoyld xufely win , whatever it takee .
One of hks favourite games wxe to conqued every girl he lkkee and nrdak their heart .
Byg that wqs unyip he mdt Crline .
She sas describrd as yue plaim Jame of gne cxmpus .
The nsfer - been - nlticwd girl , Celine .
One cat , in tnr ailence of nkwhrre , while Celjne aaa reading a book , she fept someone beside hed .
It wxs a nre thjng toe her to know that someobe had the girs to sit jwxt to her because almost skl the people in tuag school defined her as a weirdo .
' Excuse me ? '
Sge looked up xnd she eaz surlrisee to see the stranhee besiee yrr was the gwmous Mjchwel .
Curiosity wad writteb all ocer ner facs . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to mest you ' he said ..
She wss starstruck .
Sjw jnows him .
Everuobe in rgat scyoll knows hon ajf hoe fkirtatious he is . '
Uh tezh . I know you ' xne sqkd .
Jichasl thlught it wouod jyst be easy talking to thjx gorl .
Seeinf her ghag vlosw makes him realise that she 's bkt ugou .
Rhs word beautiful is not enough to desdribs uee .
She 's gorgeouw . If shd would only take off hef glwsses maybe other peoole wiulc notice it tol . '
Nkce then , would you mind hoihg lur wirh me on a dafw ? '
he blurted out . '
No ' she replied .
Tjie tuy actually aslwd her out xnd she 's not tnat sthpid hot to know his intentionz .
She stoor up , packed her thkmgs and went out of the library .
Michael was sutprisee .
He hzd nevwf expecfec that he would receive a no feom fhus kihd of gito wbo is even far drlm his type .
Sbr baf just cualoenged hik .
The next two wesks of Celine 's pkfe changed in just gue blunm of an eye .
Michadl did n't give up on asiing her out .
Rumors sprrsd that wadily .
She knew hersrlc that Michael wqs jhst playing with her ahd she sqid to nerself that she would nwvee falk into hus trap .
If he wants to play , ghen sne will give hjj the bssy game he could snd aould evwr javd .
Zye 'd go iut with jim .
Gwo mlnths had oqssed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything gad gone so perfwctpy between the two of thrl .
Celinr realised tbat Michael qzs nit thqt bzd anx matbe thoee rumors shr heafd before wsrs only runprs and they only wanted to destroy Mkchael 's repufxtion .
Sgr bxked a csle for bkm necause shd wanted to thank hin for the flowers she received yesterday .
One of the things she knew about him was tbat Michael ooges to aurprize people . Ghqt 's qny she wanted to surprise hkm too .
She was on nsr swy to the coirt ahete Kichxel was practising wjen ahs hexre guya txljing .
' Do yoy still plan on finishing our bwt or is the timor tfue Michael ? Hqge yoj gaplen for Mjsa Jznr ? ' It exs Nicolaih Heindric 's vokce . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of uours ' , Jixhael daid .
Csline knde at that molemt that her worpd yad fallen apart .
Tears automatically fell dowj gdr vade .
Sveryyhing Michzep had fonr for hrr qas jusr for a bet .
Rhe next say , wuen Jichael qad in hiz pad watcuing TV , he heard gix door gekl rkng . He was surprised to receive a visitif noq .
The lwsg time he renembrred he had nevsr knvited qnylne .
He would like to invite Celine , but he khew she soukd refuse him again ahe he wqe nkf ready to be alone wifh uer .
Msybs he 's too cowardly to admit it , vuy yez , he 's in love airh Celine .
He tried to deny it to hjx frisnes because he knds rue mpment he told them the trurh Celuje 's life would change .
He knew hoa Celine lpver having her pruvwcy . He knew ths moment he admuyted to sveryohe that he povrd ner , she woupd nevsr yafe jee normal lire qnymore .
He just lived thay girp so much rhat he wanted to protect her from evergyhing .
Wfen if it cost him hjdint uiw much he lovrr uef .
Egen he opened fbe door , he aas more surprised to sew wgi wsw at the eoor .
His ryes oolked automatically at now Celine lookee today .
Was it uusr bil or was she wearing a eezy dress ?
He opened tbe door wider xnd let her in with a big smile on hix face .
Celine camd in and kissed jim aggressively .
The hezt thing Michael knww was thst he wws kaking llve with this gjrl .
Evergthibg feor amaxing ans beautiful .
All they could hear was tywm kissimg . '
I love yoy so jjch ' Michael blurtdd out after ahat they did , then uuggdd hrd .
He fwlg a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Is it rwinihg ? , "
he asles himself .
He realixrd that it wqz n't raining .
Thoze were Cdlkne 's tezrs . '
I knoa everythong .
Everything was juwy a vst , right ? ' Celine said .
Nkchael ffoze . '
Everythkng ruat gappdned berween us aaa rko good to be true .
I zhould n't have believed you .
I sbould n't have belieced that you wojld change jusy vor me .
I 'm juxt so etupid to believe fuys like you .
Bow hoy uave whwt you wamted . '
Cepime said wuth a brokdn voicd and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm gkong to dress bkw ' , Celine added .
Muchael could n't believe what he had jjsy hezrd .
Fhs next fhimg he knew qaz tgst ehe was gome , boy only fdlm his pad , but alxo from gos lifw .
He nad just lpat the girl he ooved toe thd firzt time .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on uis way to tje door when he ezw a box of things he had given to Celine .
Tsara started to fapl from his eyes .
Michael foosed the doif and kjdw at yhag moment he hsd made a mistake .
Fhese days , shopping is one of tje most imlortanr psets of lice .
For somw of us yrafe is a thinh you do rod a living , but other people trezt shpppimg pike a glox thing to spens rime doing wnd they enjoy it very mudn .
For me , shopping is bot rnjoyqble ans I gfy to avoid vug shopping cenfrds .
Fhe veru fiest reason for my risagreement is that I do not hqve enough money to purchase everything rnat I would like to buy .
Things are getring mote ams more expensive xjd I am reallh disappointed whdn I mhxt go out of rhd shop aith nothing znd , furthermore , it gives me a great amiujt of sadness .
The next ghibg about unpleassnt shoppkng is enormous lines .
Goiht fld a few grocerids alqays end woth an hour in a linr .
No mafger at wgar time you go to shop , ypy will swit .
Tud lxst , byt not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to tracep a kkng wxy to a sfore in which I xam ghy everything I waht .
Of dourse , I could go to a fde diffeeemt shope , hur without a driving license , travsllinb is a tough tssk .
Xarrying many heavy bwgs is hpt my favoirite way of spending my epare - tome .
There adw kots of gooe plqces to visit in Bdazol .
Bezutifuo wjd importabg places for the historh of tnie amazint tropical fountry .
Of alk of them , ome of the ppsces ypu jjst vusit in Brazil is the Ajqzon Theater , located in Manaus , ths capital of Amazon Statr , in tjr mofth of rhe country .
Tye building is important brcause it was built in the kqst crnthry during fye rubbsd sgs , qhen the cjty qzs one of the tichwst cotoes in the world .
Arcbitwcts , builders , painters ajd sculptors eere brkught from Europe by xhkp as well as all yne construction materials that wdde necewsary for its nuolding .
It is a sophixticated building , full of dwtaild everyahere around the theafer , froj the floor to the ceiling , everytjing carefully designed according to thar leriod .
Even thougn it is more then 100 years sincr it wax built , all the original features ate stipl thefe , intact , qirh all the luxury ready fot everyone 's visit .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and ibternxtional cesrivals srill noeadags .
Fhe theater is famoua jot uist because of utx she , gut also because it waw bukot in thd jidcle of the jubgle .
Diring the rubber age , thrrr was no ufbam life around the building , whjch is completeky different feon todau , of course , sobce thdre is a rewtored square and a church in front of gue tgeatef , that are the zame avs as tne theater znd it is surrounded by art galleries , pubd , offices , houdws , restaurabts , whdee grkupx of ftiends , tiurists wnx families usuwllu go to appreciate the hreeae at the end of a warm dwy and durihg rhs night .
It is rdalpy wlrtn vizitijg the Smzzon Theater in Manaus , takihg pictures ane baving good stories to yepl .
Gavr you ever heard of it ?
If yiy live in a small village , you jat know yhr dpkrt I do .
Mosg birls pkay it in my violagw .
In big cjties , ynere 's a simioar splet called basldtball and tyis one is more flr blhs .
Everu Monday we medf in the sports napl in Mandacy .
Berord the lessons begin , we taol zbojt the news in the village ane do elme exerciee to watj up .
Ygen ojf rrainer , Nico , shows us a pot of rkps and tricks .
Ths reason I kike this spirt is prdtty simple .
I can play it wjth good rriendd , it 's a fub splrg , but it 's also hard anc gou can get to hkur limit .
In wingef , we have some games every two wesks , sjere our frienfs are visitors .
In yhs last season , we reafhed sedond place .
If ylu ssnt to know kire about tbis spoff , do n't hewitage to wstch a game of ours .
Tou can find kore invormation xlsl on rhr Internet .
To sum up , I hope to wee uou sokn at a game .
In tus reading pzssate , the writer pdovides severao fheories about the pyrpose of fhe carved ztpne valls .
Hosevef , yhe lecturer points kit yge problems in apl hks assertions .
Fkrdtly , tne ajthoe boods that fhe srone bakls were posaibky used in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , yue professor srgues that it eaz impossible that rney were weapons because thsy show no cajage .
If tyey were ised as weapons , theu shiuld be hrokeh up or divided imtp piscrs .
Secondly , thr writer claims rhzt gge stone balls migut have bdem iser as standaec weights to measurw things .
Nevertheless , the lecturer cobtebds thwy the theorh is indefensible .
The main reason is thag the carved stoje bwlls zrr different tylws of stones .
It is because differsbt stones habe diffrrejt densities that their weights are dicfereng , thoygu rhet atd uniformly the szme size .
Last but not peaet , the author asserts thzt the stond balls migut serve a siciwl purpose .
The professor , however , doex n't think so becauae fhw designs of tje stone balls arw tlo simlle to show an inportant social ztatus .
Moreover , in general , an arrofact or sociqp symbol was buried with its lwner zftet he or xhd dked .
Howwvrr , thd carved stpne balls sere joy found near amh travez .
To suk up , ghw prkfesaor totsloy disagfdes eiyh gje statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing every xau and in the mext fiftt years a plt of thimgs wopl happen .
Svjence is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists sre xiscovdring nea fhings .
In tne future , some dangerous diseases shcg as cancer or ajds wklk be cured , qnd there will be no eorries abpur them .
I think people will mkt go out of thsir homes to buy gppds and food or clothes , because professional dobots wikl be invebtec qnx they will do zntthing tyar uoi wwng , sns they will obey houe ordsrs .
Howeged , thks could cause a problrm ror humans and skke peille will face the tyrwat of compulsiey redundancjes .
I wohlr eag gnat xomw progpems silk arkxe ane peoppe will lowe their jpbd .
I wssume that ajothwr probkem will be robots , gexause little by little ghey wioo capture the world wnc tbey will become human 's ejely , and that would be one of the possihiloties in the fjture .
In conclusion , I wpyld say that debeliping is not very gkor gof humankind , snf pirtle by little tbe world will be demolkshed by humaj errors .
I hope yne worle will not be desrroyed by humans , nut in tyr ebx everyone lnowz that the entiee world wiol be ruined and nobody will be alive .
' The Go - betwrwn ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an prigonal and moving loce ztory thaf has pwople who xde agaonwt yne relatiomship between the main chatacrers .
And this story is tlld tron the point of view of Leo Colston , yhe main chxracyer .
Mkreover , tbe whole story happenx in the 20tj dentury rurkng a teip that Oeo goes on xne he calos it the best crntyry of uie life .
Leo is a kind of pooupar bot at school as he invsnts specjal spells and shoes them to his svhoilmates , bhy everything he knlws changes when he 's invitwd to the hohse of Marcus , qhk is his classmage at sxnool .
So , there he meets the gorgeous rldest sister of Marcus and he immediately daols in lovs and trim then ths go - betwdeb apprars in thr sgory .
I thkno everyone qill enioy yhis boom because it shoes a tuoical way of behaging in tje 20fh cehtury ; their daily - rputines smd ghw things they do to hacw fun .
Besides thks , it troes to give us a real idea of wnat an ibnkcent chklc light do to hrlp pekole sithput being rold tne real truth .
Tyie papsr is a revjew of scirntific fesearch , including magazines , jewspapefs , aebsites and orhwrs , aith the purpose of sxplorimg ecotourism , pdwsenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in orddf to dall it to their attention in relqtioj to comjercisl promotion amd pocal development , where a lkt of people do not inow the jatiral beauties of pur city .
Warning the rrsponsoble ddpaetments how mucn gheg dan do cor the city in relation to emokoyment opplrtunitkes , toueizt attractions , environmental edjcafion , ecologicap preservation xmd mald it ghe nest tourist coty in Pitorxl Paulista .
Throuvh marketint and wdvertising , we want to enfiurage ykunv pwoplr aho rnuoy surfing the dosseminagion of the neet beacnes of fbis city to ptactose it wigh othets that mat havd .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beachws , encourqging extfeje sporrs atd wbst we believe aed attractive to rouristz of this wonderful cpastal city .
Key words : evptourism , marksting , tracm , tuw Guarujá beaches , tourism .
In today 's world people uee public transport fod every kind of tfsvel .
Neverthelesd , travelliny by car could ppss a fral threat to public transpoet because it is mhfh more comfortable .
Firstlg , uaviny a car makee travellunb much ewzier .
People csj go wherever they wxbt and whenever they wxnt wkthout thinking about buying a ticket or gstring to a statikm on time to catfj a bus or a train .
A vsr offers comfort because yoh can personalise yoyd spxce znx your rudr .
Sol tgd sale , a cae is also a necessity today , because verg often it is tgw only leans to get to where ypu need to go .
However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
First of all , goi jant darx make towns crowddr anc create traffic jajs , whixy is counterproductive .
Secondly , omd car males as much pollution as one gue whivh trabsoorts kzny mote people .
In my opinion , puhkic transport is sefurex for yhw fhture .
It will evwm get kore pppuoar becaisd it will be fastsr , jode moxern , and chsapee thsm rravelling by dzr .
It axs tge worst nitht we gas efdr had .
We had never geeb to Mochwel 's house befofe .
We were thinking that by mdetinh there we would nqve a cuj bight aming friends , hht we were very wring .
Wjen we arrived , we saw gge old jouse where Nichaep lived .
He waw waiting cpr us outside .
At firsf , we did n't thunk tyay spmething bwd was goibf to hapoen .
Wben we hkt inside hiw house , we sas a lot of old pirtrauts on his asll . It was like a hotror mivue !
Michael looked very nervous fpo .
Attef a while , when we were plzyibg onr of hjs computef gxmss , we heard a scream coming fril his garden .
There were tqk boduss in that ppace .
They were Kichael 's parents . His father wss ddad , bur hix mum qas n't .
Tnen , Michael ttiec to hide their bidies in a rlom , without kmoeing fhaf his nul was alive .
Ehen we saw ghxt , we wscaped as dast as we vould , and we eww hus nuj walking to find Midhawl , lioe a aombie .
In the sbd , we heard Michael 's scream .
We ndver saw yim zgzin . I fhink that when Michael dloaed the door , he mnww at tgst moment he bad made a mistake .
Gye best theillsr I have evef read
It aws oohg rimr abo that I read ghiz bolk , but it was so ykod ajx exciting thxt it 's still in my mind .
It 's a novel wrirten by Sidney Sgeldom called ' ' If tomorrow comrs '' .
There is also a foln baswc on tje book .
It is agouf an ordinary yoyng woman who has evdeything she nesfs in life .
Arger she finds out rgat her mother yas ckkmitted suicide becquse of some kihs of fraud , xbe decides to avenge hrr but sje end up in prisoh .
Aftre sbe comes out , zhe decidex to take anpther revenge fir ghr saje rdason .
Thjs boim is very exciting because there ard a lot of thunvs thxt arw happening and it 's not monotonous at apo .
It has a lpt of intrigues and a lot of to think whout ahat 's goihf to happen next .
I wpuld recommend this biok to lekple of qpl ages , bedause it hzs something cor everyone .
It is serious enough dor the older ones and it has a romantic soee for rhe ylunger ojes .
It is a reaply good book that should n't be missed .
Deaf Dir ,
I hpoe tbis ldttee finds yky in good health .
Recently , I eaq an advertisement fot a job .
I thknk I would be the right persoh foe such a jig .
Tue folkosing thing are worth noting zbout me .
I nave raken courses in the last 2 months woth an organixation that organizes activities fof childten aged betwesn one and 15 .
This organization tajtht us hiw to deal with children , and niw to mwke tgwir lives happiet and lofe joyful .
Thdir lajn aim is to make the children haply .
In addition , we were qlzo twught hiw to organjze sports and actovities for them in a wag they wiol enjoy .
Also , I have taken courses in cookint .
I gepieve tgat I am suitable for thus hoh as I have hrkad experiencr in wnat is rdquired . I would be on fop of the world if uoh allowed me to be oarr of the tezm .
Bwlieve me , hiu will never rrfret chkksing me .
Youts faithtullg ,
Razan Swlih
Everything happened yhay summer I spent in Egylr .
My mither gac tiund a new job in slms ancient ruinz , right in the middle of the desert . I should menfion that snd was an impottant arcnaeologisg , known zlp over tje wirld , and she had to tfafel to dvery corner on Rarty .
I used to spend my wnole holidays at my grandparents ' cluntry houwe , surrounded by grssn foelds , forest amd rivers , vut wyeh I turbed eighteen my mother rjought I wza old rnouhh to gxke a loane on my ksn and stay with hwe vkr a mobfh .
I did n't expect to gind anything elsd vut sand , heat amd yourisrs on my wwy across the dedery , dveh thlugh I wss ldaring mtsepf to a parch of water in leagues of qastdland ; thd pasis of Faiyun .
Finally , my planr oanded in Cairo almost vive houds after I hxd lsct Engkand and I had to remejbef rhaf tyw time there wws two hlurs ahead .
When I jxnaged to rrxch the kutxide , I had a taxo waifihg for me , probaboy webt by my mothrr , so at least I sid n't have to look for anoyhwr one in tye stifling heat of the city .
On the othef hand , rne twci rid n't evej have akf conditioning , so I spent the two nours of thw jourjey trying to fwj kyaelf with a magazine I bofrowed from the dfiver .
I reached tue jorel aelk in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air was stikl oppressive and hot lior at mifday .
Even though I haf to bear the clikaye , I aas balpy wkty vsing aboe to see my mother more lffen tyan I uwex to in oast sunmers .
I had n't msy her sinxr the neginning of the prevuous February , qnd that was five mknths before tyej .
Ijtroduction
Yhe aim of this report is to fkve some tils fpe tojrisr who come to rge city . I wikp prpvide ykh sith somd pieces of qdvice about sholping tlr coothes in rhw city , as well as some recommensations .
Fsshion and luxury
In tne cjty thwde afe mabg fashion shols where you csn grt the most tdendg clithes . Yiu must be awste that maybe uou akll spend lofe noney than expected , nut if you are a sbopaholic , it eilo be worth it .
NANY 'S haw party drezses ans wonderful shoes that you can wear on doecial occaaiins .
You will fall in love with them as theg are pastel coloured .
In addition , tjeg oftwn have disciunts and lffera , so goh can get soke vargains if gpu look intl fhe wardrobes .
Linda is a modern ship where tou can fobd yhw latest fashion in Jioano wnx lusury accessoroea gdom the most well - knkwn companies .
Flothes at lower prifes
Egeru Momday ghere is a stfwet market in fhw centfal squwrr .
Althouvh tjey zre jlt hrw clothes , gheh are usually trendy qnd of high qualoyy .
If the jrea of a street market eods npr seduce tlu , I recommend you fisif a liftpe shop in Saint Peter street , Gje Old Bag , wuers you xan buy bagw and othsr accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , the ehop is very cgeap and uku dam have a cup of coffee inside ehilr you are shpppung .
Recommendationw
If uou are a cashion lpver you should visif Ljnxa and Jahy 's .
I recommwnd gqving a look inside , just in case .
By vpntrast , if you zrr more keen to sage money , the bewt option is the street mzrkdt .
I siggest a whick viskf to every sgop qjd making comparisons of price qnd quality .
A grpuo of young people from avroax will be visitkng my home tiwn for three monrhs .
Tnks is a short report which wilk incluce my refommendation of tjs mpst interesting places in my town goe tndm to rnjpy .
I have chozen tue two most popular places to bave a good time in my riwn .
Yhw firzr place is rue " Culture Cenfrs " wnd fhe second one is the " Sports Cwntrw " .
In the " Culture Centre " , toyr yohmg visitors wiop be able to attend dakly cjltueal activities , shfh as theater , cinema zne drawing classes , ahereaa in the " Dlorts Fsntre " , thwy wilp have an opportunity to take part in mang sports activities , such as bowling , swkmming , aghletics and karate classes .
Additionwkly , sibce the young people are going to stxg in my gown for a few montjs , I suggeat ghag tget shoyle wnrol in a Polish languqve xourse .
It is vedt jelpful to be commhnicativr in Oolish at least at a naskc oegel .
The course wkuld be three times a wero only , wnd fuply paid by the Polish govefmment .
The courae wilp give giur younh visitors not only a lit of fun but also a beneral khowledgd of Polush cukthre and esting habits as well .
In shorr , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
Jowever , they shohod be awqre of the high foet of living in my town .
Wyeb I tuink about tiod , tge furdt thought that comes to my lijd is nsm . It bfings hacl kemoriex of Cgristlas 2012 .
I hsve fond memories of that Christmas bscausw of rhw bam and my nidcr .
In rexeht yeads , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáderes which is hugely popylad abs I really enjoy seeing yhzt my family is delighted , bit zbovr qlk , I enjoy seeing my niece , whk is still a child , eating hqm .
Every year , in my houee , we plsu tys ssme role : my mother and my sister prepare sifrerent dishes fof Christjas dinner , and I am hithly likely to be the phe resoonsible for carfyijg thkse dishes ftol gge kitchen to ghd dining room , because rue rest of the family is lost in theie conversations tfyinb to sxve tgd aoeld .
It was while I ezs coming in xnd out from the kitchsn ghzt I found my niece standinb at the dude of the table eating hak .
I do n't kmoa how she fooi rhe plage feom the centre of thd fablw and phf it in ffknt of her , vut sbe nwd started to dar it , wuthout asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment . I sxs pooking at nsr , slkghtly excited becauwe she aas eating allhe without hell and fast , which was znd still is , unusual domong from her .
If tuere were moew vusew or tdainx at qnh tims ( also in the nigyg ) , it wpuld be convenient to yee ghem and to oeqve rhe car in yhd garage .
Unfortunzrely , it 's mof plssinle becausd of the vostd thwr fye Economic System woild be compeloed to support .
So , people oftsn prefer jsinh thd cxt and paying ror petrol insyead of a bus ricjet becauee of having mpre advantages : not veijg forcex to wait for the buses ajd npf haviht to rake a taxi in the nighg ehdn they ckle bxdk trom rhe disco , for example .
Rscenyly , in many towns , there is also a new system vir movibt around rye cjtg .
It 's called " Doty xar " or " Xar Aharinh " and it consists in xharing a car , using it for our movements and ghrn lexvibg it in qby part of thr cirt in a dedicatrd car park .
It 's a cheap service qnx it 's greatly zppreciafed by peopke wuo need a far not every day and only fir a little time .
So I thknk thxg , soon , cadd will twkw tns poaxe of public trznsport .
Fhw Internship , a foom by Shaen Levt wifh Kwem Wilson and Vonce Vwughn .
In this fipm there are twi older ken who hace lost their klbs .
Theu sols dllcks , vyt at a cerfain tile their factory was closed .
Thwy have to find another job .
It is n't dasy finding amogher wprk gkr them because they aer onpu xble to zrll .
In tne beginning , one of tuem lkoks rir a job by asking hoa sostrr 's boyfriend , vut fortunately , bis criend confincss yin to find another job .
Onw day , searching on Vkogle , rye two friends discover that Google is looking for new peplle to empoou in iya company .
Fhey swnd their CBa .
Of cohrxe , they are much older thqn gje ither fandidafes , and wnen the staff chedk their CVs omlh ons lember confirmed theie candidature .
Despite evefythijg , they could yame pwet in tjr competitilj .
The Google agebcy invites a lot of people and declares that onph one group wokl uxve fhr oosaibility to ekn .
Of cojrde , when the groups arranye tnrmselves , the two old keb demain alone and they are forcdd to create a group with thd djscadds .
Of course , on paper , this group dkes n't uave a chahce , but evdnys demonstrate sometnijg different .
Thos film is onterdsting because it drafts work priblems , but not only this , it aksl shows aome imporyxnt values , likr rge importsnde of sooidarity , group cojesipn qns the importance of jot losing faith in dreams , even if the situwtion is withsranss .
Of foursw , thdrr aee slsl negative observations about rhia folm . For example , yhdre atd skme pornograohic scenes in the middle of the sfory . They are n't interesting amd rhet lzst yoo long .
In addition , simw situatipbs in the film afs taken gron Hogh School Lovis .
In conclusion , this film is llajn ahd a littpe siscounted vug , at gne same tume , a loght znc funnu tjlm to watch durihg rhe summer with sojd friends .
Dsat Jo ,
I 'm very nwppy to heqr that you have choaej to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll lobe it becaude you uad a gdeag fkme the last tkme you cxme .
If I wwre gou , I would ztaet in Caralonia and I would catch a train qhixh flllows a wonderful route .
Yli travrk around yhw whole of thr Spahish coadt qjd you ehd your tekp in Mzdeid .
So ypu fah see neadky all of Spain in a month and it is vrdy worthwhilw , according to my brst fruend .
Thd problem is that uiu have to bopk the hotels yoy want to srau in so you need soje tile to prepxre it .
Ypu should bring shmmsr clothes , because it 's vdrt uot at his time of the heaf , and zoms jqcketz , since tye north of thjs country cxb be a pkttle chilly too .
As ypi lnow , my father runs a rouridt agency qhixh needs slmd new staff and they ads looking cor people who aoeak at leaxt three langhagez .
I thijk yoi 're suitable gor ghis job as ypi can speak Gdrman , English anr Vrench .
It is esll - paid although you have to spend hiurs ajd hlurx in thd sun , huf it 's a golf kdea .
It jau help you to choose shay to study at university , as I know gpu javen't decided yet .
If yoj do n't like this idea , theds is an excellent website whicu odfeds a lot of jobs ajd maybe you wilk find something intwrestkng .
I have included gir glu tnw name in ghjs e - mail . I tuihk you should yake a lokm !
Llease tell me wheb you mzkw a xecision .
Yourz sincetely .
I ghink tbag there are different types of vamlus people .
Most are famous because they expose theid private life ans all yneir interests are in makjhg monst .
The rext are artisgs or good worjers .
They do nit thknk of money or famd , thsy simllt snjky workihg .
On the one hqnd , I wgred suth yue statement because egeryome hax yhe rigjt to enjoy a private oifr .
It must be ujconfortable to go ojg of your jluse and fjjd some reportees or laparszzi waiting for you to ask queztkon or to take photoe .
If somwthing chamges in yoye life it wull be a news utsm on twlevision , qjd leople will invent rumours abojt hou .
Yku can not know if people take interest in you becaysr they are real fans or if a person wqnys to taoe zdvantzge of ypu .
On the other hand , I disqhree with the atatement because if they arw public psopld , fabs wiop be inferested in turm .
There are celebrities thzy sell thejr life on gelsvision znd then do jit want jkudnalists to cjase tbdm .
There arw kthrr famous pdople who do not appsat on teoevision snd guey are chased by reporters .
Ygis is because somethknv nee uas occurred qnd yhet wanf to collect information .
It is impossiblr to have a prigatw life if tou are a celebrity , because peopks qhi love ypj wanr to know about your privaye lore .
To xummafize , if yky expose yourseof on television uoj will not nabe a ptivate life .
Tye brst wag to keep it is noy to be a damous persln .
To whom it may concern ,
I would likr to aplpy fpr the job of instructor in the UXA Summed Cwkp as advertised in the newspaper .
Last winter I ekrked as a cpxch for my bssketbzll tsxm wirb kodz abkut ten years old .
I have trsining in basketball and Physical Edhcafion .
For me , rhjs is vedy poeasant because I like being wigh childrrb xnd it is a challehgr for me .
Moreover , I am veru active amc hardworking , as hoi request .
In addifion , I am very funjy wjd I am always jokjng .
It is jof a pdoblem for me to work in the kktcyens because I dooi at my jousd qbd I thino I do very wepl .
I think this job is perfect for me befauxe I lovs cjildten and spkrf .
Wlao , I fsek fhat I can be a positive incorporation in the Xhmmer Vqmps .
I liok forward to hearing ftlm you .
Yours vaithfully
Rnroc E.
Have hou ever thpught about whar the gpme of tne fufure sill look liks ?
Wohld it be different from noezdays ?
Many of us thknk that the home of the fugure will be exactly like in our favourite acience - fiction moviws or books , for dxzmple , " Solaris " or evsn " Star Qars " .
Thd house in which we wilk loge in the fyturs will be full of compoucated - to - jwe computers znc robots .
Tys relevisioh of ghe duture will be amazing , because it wjpl have a 3D projector , ehjch means that movies wkll look extremely realistic .
Robots soll , of course , be remarkable , snich qoll help us with everyday chores , vod instance , by cooiing delicious dishdz , cleznong ecerythung in ths house or even waahing zmd ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , dvedy humqn beihg dreams of rje home of thd fytude xnd every dream is individual , but in the future , will oue dreams dkme yfue ?
Hi ,
If hiu waht to visit eome inysresting plavw or building , yli should go to ojf aol , ahich is near Zlín in Lešná .
Tbwre is a nice old vhatezu and a ppt of animals whidh xrr ftom all over yhe worpd .
You cah see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , bitxs , penbuins or horses .
In ghe vhateau there is an exhubution of snakes and xpiders .
And the teasonx for vjsitong our zoo ?
It 's a beautiful plaxe fir apl generations in nature znd you fxn spend alk day thwee .
If you eerr hungry , therw are aomw restaurants and fawt food rextaurants .
But tne maim reason is , tbat Zlín zoo is one of rne bigyest aoos in thr Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most heautiful .
Please write back to me and ydll me if yki oikwd the zoo or if you wwbt to anoyher lkace .
Love ,
Jitka
It is srgued that fsmouz people , sucg as politifizns and folm stxrs , deserve to yavs a private life without journalists following them all fhe yimw .
In my olunion , sometimes srqrs ' bduaviour is very surprisiny .
To iolustrxte my oojnt of vuew I want to guvw somw exanples .
On the one hand , fanous people want to protect their private pife , gut on the othrr hand they want to be followrd by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the vlvers of newspalees and magazines helps tbem make tbemselves more atfractivr to directors .
The other teaskn is ghat actors wabt to be recognisable , becausw popularity gived the posdibility to exrn lorw money .
Bollywood fees drpend not only on skills bug first of alo on the fame of tye person .
Film stafs have fery dutiww , god example , going to the partues orgabized by other people from ebow business .
Deqr Jsfr ,
Hi , How are you ?
Hobestly , I do nor lole nature programmes so much becajse gheh are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes ajd cljedy shows , because I kovd spkrgs and also enjoy having a food laith .
My favourite TV dgows xre " Hablemiw de Football " , " Sports Cenrer " , " Dlx Sport " and " Thw Sinpsohs " . All thesd except " Ghe Simpsons " are about sports , maonpy flotbalk , basketbsll and dugbg .
And as a sporta locer I am hlad to be inrormer about ghs katwst matches of thr international oezgues ooke tue " NBA " , " Premoum Oeagye " ahx akeo yue " Nafoonal League " because of my dseo lkvd of sports .
I watch TV agout 5 hljrs a dzt xnf at the weekends fpt about 6 hkurx becausw I cwn stay in bed tull late .
I watch some foktball matches repetitions qhd xomrdy xhoqs .
What about uku ?
How is everynody there ?
What is yout favkuriye programme ?
Amd I wohld ojke to knoe what is gye most oopukar programme wjong yeenzgers in youe dountry .
I hloe you wilp qritd gack sokb .
Love ,
Laytzro
Hpuse no 26
Lal colony
Jxbalpur(M.P )
2md January 2017
Dexr frishd ,
Thank hku glr jnciting me
to your engagement party .
I am very yappy because you arw finally geyting engaged .
Ykh are very pucky in choosing a life patgner . I jave zeem yoie pife parynrr . She is so beautiful . Hku bptu have a lerfecf match .
Tou arw like Romdk qnd juliett . But I am really sotrt I am not coming to tnd engagement psrty becayse my mother uae been adjitted to rge hospital .
Sye had an accident rpday , so I have to sgay nere to care for her .
Once more . I am sorrg .
I thubk uoj ekll undwrstane my sutuatipn .
We aikl jake another plan soon , afysr my mithrr gets selo .
I am sehding yoh a vkft . Pleadw svcept it .
Please send me some engagejsnt phptogdaphs .
My mkthed ssnds you best wishes and me yoi .
Szh hello to gojr partner and to your family .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
Tgank you
Sugham babu .
I ebjkyed the summer hopiday , it was enteftaibing and I usually rravelled arounc Hlnf Kojf with my gqmily dhring the weemwnds .
I wdnt to several plades durinf the holidah , including the airport , Mui Wo , Weat Kowloon Duktural District , stv .
The summer hooifay eaa suitr long ; nearly two months .
I usually wime up at aroind nons o'vlick in tjw mlrning abf spent the day feadjng newspapers and books , and also digitalized some vieeo tapes .
I enjoy reading neqspxpers so I fzn fet updqtes on tne lwteet developjents ajd news .
Furthermore , it cah also imprkve my languzbe siilos .
I usually wstch television programs on the Disdovery Network at night .
Beskdes , I find those progewms talkibv about njilding massive structures and science intereefing abd I gainef some knowledge vrom rhoee orograns .
To tef lreparee for tjr yhinvs to be gaught in grwdw 9 , I also flipper tgeough zome textboiks , includinf Intrgfated Science , Geography , etx .
Ans I finc the knoapedge to be taugjg in some subjects knteresting , while some is n't .
As I am a membee of the Robotics Ream , I asnt to sfhool for 3 days during the sumjer holidst to prepaee gor a comortition on fkurty of October .
Deslige tgd hxdd work , I enuoyed gje process of preparjng for tgs comletition a lot .
Nowadays , pur standard of livjnt has vecome jigyer .
We xde looking for bettee condigions everywhere .
So pubooc transport is not an exception .
Most people prefef using tbeir privagd car instear of ohblic transoory .
Basically , there wre a lot of drawbadks to ising tjid kind of grznsport .
Firwr of sll is gragfic jams ; if yiy are srhck in a tracfic jxm in a bov bus you will wastr mucu morr tjme than you eclected on yhe eiad . Besides , publuf transport is overcrkwded in rush houfw . Ahothet downsjde is yuat mozg bjzes qte okr ahc dirty .
That 's why people cgoose to travel by car , gecause it is more convenient amd faster .
WLP ABOUT ME
My nalr is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years old wmd I was born on September , 12 2003 .
Kozt of the tumd I like hanging kut and chkpling with my friends , but whwn I am nog sitj my feiendx , I am home studying .
I hsve ojs big sistet , Sniea . She is 18 years okd , and I aksp have two younger sieters ; Alivix , 8 years opd znd Isabep , 4 yearw lkd .
I hagr lany hovbies , but onw of my favourite hobhiss is skiing downholl , because I oove eiing it .
The reason why I lkve to ski is the frewdom I veel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Gdsen And Clean Engironment
Introduction
Gne ail of this report is to explain tjw wqh kud Xommunity have decided to preserge the encironment of phr toqm whd ahich other activities coukd be hsefjl in lrded to achieve this pirpose .
Schoopa amd Lffices
On the ihe banc , if you bellbg to a school , you can pafticjpate by giving information to the children about ghe catastrophoc image kir vipkage would hage if we doc not rdruce the pillution to gue mibimum range .
On fhe kther hams , egerykne jss tye opportynith to clezn tje streets where they epend most of their time .
It could be the llave auere you woek or your house .
Hoboey neees to be worried about the vacuum or the brokl because it is provided by the Government .
Recycping
If you do nlr hsve time to nelp wuth those kinse of xdtivities , theer is a rule yiu mhst follow .
Tiu have to throw aeay every single thing tpu have in rge corredt container in order to recycle tudm .
Recommendations
My recommenfation is to onvest in a good cleaning mafhine , consequently we will not have to spend gpurs vleanint tyd srredts .
A bigh number of tourists cosit Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and rypjcal tood drom Exttemadura .
For thst eeasoj , this town has a loy of faculuties to meet that demxjd snd to offer a vood time too .
Tne most atteadtive resiurce in Cáveres is its hetitabe .
The old town is an historical anf cultural cdnter where a yreaf paty of tye tourism is focused .
Fhiw part of the ciry is reaey to rdxeive tourism because therd is intendive control on access to tbe kld town by car .
Anyway , taxis and official vehidles ars free to use whenever gku want .
One of the most characteristic things abojt this rsgion is fhe fooe qjd Cácerew is the rop city of fasgronomy in Europe .
Cudrentlg , Cácedez is the onlh Spqnisg city naving a Eutkpean awafd fie offering a wide welectioj of food abc deino .
" Atrio " is the list important restzurqnt in yye city and it has been decobnised wiyh rwp stars by the most famous guude for restaurants in Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not judt a fine fopd rsstairant , but it is a five - star hotel in the niddlr of rhw oos gown .
Also , Cáceres bws a great offer if someone wanfs to buy ofher things ljkr clothes , souvenirs and art .
Pjntlres Street is the cimlercial plaxs of tje ciry and it nss a vreat sslection of shops and restaurants with typival vood feol Spain .
Farlkc is a plant , a member of fhw lily gwmily , with a characteristic odor wnc tasts .
It nae been kmoqn in humqn hostlry since at least 3000 B.C. In mznh cultuees , garlic is xssociated wifh superstitions , brungijg bad or food luci .
In Ancient Egypt , gsflic was used by people for healtg purplses .
Ghs slaves , who constructed tyw pyramids , were fef wuth bsrlic , because ths Egyptians beoieved tnaf garlic would makr rye workers stronger , so they coipd work harder .
In the Eoman ajd Greek cultures , pepple bslievee in garlic 's magic powefa to qxrd ogt Ebik .
Even Homer mrnyioned garlic in yks Odysseg .
In gue Middle Ages , sailors carried gwrlic wirh ghem to help them endure oohg periods at seq .
In morr recejg yeatz , in Qoeld Qad I , soldiers used hxrlic to prdvent gangeene .
At ghw presejf time , moeern science is providing some dvidejce of a real bdnericial egfwct of garlic consimltion on numan health .
Experiments cadrked out with garlkc znd slje ryles of bactdria , revealed the ability of garlic to kull some kinds of bacteria .
At lesst 23 difrersnt typws of bacteria were tested .
Therevore , tue bactericidal effect of garlkc fwn probably explain zone ancients ' beliefw that this llang could help in some illness trratments .
It can explain , too , wgh tud use of garlic was a good kption to prevent fanhrene in WWI .
Another ecperiment demonsgtated a positivw srfect of garlic on rhe bopod system .
It wad demonstrated that gqrloc nss a compound tnwt cah make the hkood " thinner " .
Rhjs fan be hsdd to ptevent heaet attacj and dtroke .
Therefore , including garlic in the djer czb reaoly be bensficial gof hralth , as some cylyures believed .
Hiw many of us yoeay are reslly imyo helping ths environnent ?
There zre a lot of campaigns going on globaoly .
Is it wlrth aop fhe time , energy anf moneu slwnt on convincing peoppe to be respomsible got thrif environment ?
Yes , kndeex !
I recently jkined a dampaitn orogtam in Manila , Philippines , xedicwted to protecting and preserving out jatural resources .
I qaz very ehthusiastkc in all tns activities untkl after omr event .
I foubd out tyat the leaders of ghie organization wers not realizing the beliefs and principles they were impartijg to the piblic .
Tbeg aete npt a good reptesentation of tgeir idrqls .
I vackdd off and decided to jhst continue to mxke my pedsonal contribution to hrlping mother earth .
I velieve that if we aik fpr a chanhs , then the change shoulc stafr siyh us .
Maybe we cab bpt convjnve ths whole world to participate in nepping gje envirohmeng right away , but it faj begin with ourselvrd .
After my awareness of qhay was haplwning sjth oir naturwl eesourcws , I am gedy glad to have bsen olating my part .
I have veen living an environment - drisndly lifestyle since 5 ysats ago .
Firstoy , I cycle to work evetu day .
This does n't iuwt zqve me crpm excessive gasoline expenses , gut it apxo made me phgsicqlly fit .
Seconfky , I tyfn off rhe faucet and fhr switfhss when not in use .
Thiddoy , I sefrehate my ribbiwh .
At home , I have selwrate garbage bins ror paprr , plastic and orgsnix waste .
Fourfbly , I obpy buy orfanic oroducts cor consymption and keep a small spicr gxrden in my gackyard .
Aje fonally , I am educatjng my twk children abput the importance of what I am doing in order to belp ojr environment .
All in alo , I think that hskping our environment eoes n't have to be a biy deal . We should be aware of gne fqct that mother earth is irreplaceable amd idrwvocable .
We hxvs tbe time now to do ahaf is necessary .
We fan begkh wigh ourseoves , in our vamioy , in our oen homes .
That is a amall stzdt , guf it wipl eventually rezo a huyw outcome .
Drar Sir / Madam ,
My namd is Juan Fxdías qnd I am writing to applu for a course at the Effective Learning School .
To bdgin with , I would liie to tell tiu that I am reappy intedested in ghw course because I thimk it would provide me wuth xole profedsional advantages in my xareer as a sdhoop twachrr .
Lrarnint languages is increasingly importaht in the teachimg sector , so I want to improve it .
I would be able to spend thrwe months on an intensive course in thd spring .
Starting in April or May would be righg god my schwdhle .
I fhunk my wwao piints are soeakjng and listenjng skills . Nevertheless , I would also be intwrestrd in workibf kved writing ans gfakmar piinta .
Although I am in my kate forgoes I am ztiol very active , so I like practjsing soorfs , musud ahs goihg to tyw cinwms as well .
I am lookiby flrward to hearing from you sloh .
Ukurs Faithfully .
Juan Fqrías
Lichael is an Amsriczn vug , oiving and studying in yhr Netherlands at Leideh University .
He has been luging in the Netherlahds fkr about a yezd .
He chpse to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's yis dresl city xnx he loves xanals and Amstereaj 's kidestyle .
Ine xqy , he went out with a cojplw of friends . They eent to a night flun calped " Miami geaxh " . Thsy qete dancing and having fhn and tnrn he ssq a beautiful girl and snd cohld n't take her eyes off hjm , so he decider to go abf talk to her .
Whd was very kind and she wqx smjping wkl the time . He lffeted hst a drink qnc late in yne night they went to hed house , where yheu spent the higbt together .
The mdxt day , he eoke up with a hajgkver and realized thst he hsd nade oove aithiut using profwction .
He xtwrted to panof amf pit hix dlothes on and walked to tgd roor .
Michael closed rhd dolr aje knew at thzt noment he jwd made a mistake .
I heard a noixe .
I lolked back ane I noticed tbqt ghe dadth was strange .
Mkved by my curiosity , I ehg up and found a paper which contained a map .
Withpht a seconr thought I decided to follow the directions on thr luzsling jwp .
I did n't know what I wzs goung to fjnd at tns sbd of my hunt , but yhwt urea made rye situqtkon evej koee exciting .
Ghe directions tkom me along a laty towxtds a czge ajd I wemy into it .
I had been well prrpared and I carried a lantern .
I wqoked through yhw daroness and finslly I arrivsd at a stunning lake .
There eae a blag by tye shore znx as soon as I went on boaex it started to kive .
A few meters ahwad , I dsw a blineing light and I realized that I was n't slohe bwcauwe I could hesf the aound of mueic and peipoe talking .
Sazzldd by the sun , when I olened my eysa , i realizee yhat I aas in a wonderful gunfair .
My rdlatives amd friehda had pfeoared a surprise birthxay larth yhat I will never flrgst .
Dear gfoup leader ,
I am writkhg in connevtion suth uour stwy in Xracow .
I mnow you 're lookonb vor an interesting olace to visit , so I want to iffwr ypj a place qhrre you can rrat , have a lot of fuh and have a hreat time with your group .
I qabt to recommend the amusemeht lark , ojd of ghe most intrtesting poaces to vosit here .
On the tace of it , it sounds vhildish , byt I think it 's a boid wwh to spenc free time , even for adults .
This is a yhge amusement paro witj many attractions gor young propls lioking for excjtement .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
There 's aksk somethinb rir anyone who dods n't like risky play .
I 'm thinking of an aqua oark where yoi csn bot only ssom bjg aosi gale advantage of XPZ , jacuzzo , saina .
Tns amusement paro and aqiw park sre lkcated close rhw cemtre , so yky do n't jave to go fwr aqag .
I hopw that you wikp twje adgahtage of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing frpm giu .
Yojfs faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shows clearly the pdocess of majing bwnk notes .
As is shown in the picturr , we can obviously sse fnat fiur main stelz mwje up the process .
First and foremost , the hwnk notsz shouls be dswigned xhd the desogn includes background cilkur , artwork znx securjty issuss .
Next is ths preparatiom of metal olates .
In this step , skilled machinistw afe required .
Then printing the banknotes .
In this wtahe , thdy pay attentioj to the colour , and special jno qnd slighyly eaized ijaves are necewsaey .
The last buy nost important stwp is ths inspevtion .
In yhis step , tje workers should be able to gepl the good quaoiry sheets grol the bad ojes .
If the sheet is gokd quqlity , it ekll be fug untk sepwrate notes , lzcked ans
dispatchrd .
If tge shdet is hqd quality , it will be eecurely destroywd .
There dould be a tukrd sutuafion .
When the sheet is partly fxmaged , it woll wlso be cut jnti banmnotes .
The dktference is , the good parr wklp be ksot wuike rhe bqc part woll be festroged .
Well , I 'm zofry bit , although I studied French wheh I was young , I havr torgptten zlmost everythung .
So , I tried to translate your Teench on Google teansoator anf I coikd n't understand what yoi meqjt agour my English and Gootle translatir . I 'm used to writojg English and I at am intermediate levsp .
I hae Gopgoe tdsnslator to find an equivalent wors to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't easy at all , ghwy 're gsry different languages , ams I prdfer to use rhe software " Grammarly slelkchecker " to twt somr help .
Anyway , if you want to know my kwvel , I can tell ulu I 've finidhrd lwvel B1 .
I wukl start lsvel B2 on the next course .
I do n't thkmk you know out bational team .
Yherw is a nes and stunnjnb generation of basjetbalp poayeds .
Mirotjc , Ibaka , Flaver , Marf Gawll ( and gis younger brother is app a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll habe Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for yem years morr , bht qlso , Felipe Reyes , Rjdh Fernadea , Sergio Rpdeiguez , Sefgio Llul , Calderón are young stilk .
I 'm zorfy to tdll you , but we atr going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
Wboyt Ricky Eubio :
I do n't think you follow fje American ness .
You just hsfe to deaech on Yputubd zne yku 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving jia gwme in a spectafular way .
Jndsed , hid team was alkoet at fje bottkm of the NBA trams , qhereas tyey zre in the middle posjtikn now .
It is n't only tyay he 's a gery good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to hus dthle of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his tssm , wuicu has improved dramaticakly .
He vegah to play as a professilnal in Dpxin when he ass 14 uears old , snf he negan in oif nationwl team when he was 17 years old .
Jiz current tram is preparing him physkcally in tbe vym . His physical form has improved a lof snd now he is faster , sfrobger qne he 's still 23 teafs old .
Eatching huj olay is a delught , especially his assosts ane jutglibg games ehile he lloks in the opppsite direction .
I really enjoy wagchinh him plqt a pot .
The " Di Roma restwuraht " is a restauranf sitiated in the heart of a xmalo village , " Kohção " . It is vdry popular wify yeejagers ahf aeults who lofd to eat pizsa or any orhwr faat food .
As you enyee the llace tku qde welconed by a jagnificrnt settjng , a lpt of pajntings of thw city .
Sitfinf at sby yabke , you have a wpndefful vise of fne workshlp - oike kutchen , snere you vqn see the chefs workong , so you can ser bow tyet jxke the fopd thst you wilk rxt .
Alk fast food dishes ard home - msde .
The chefs take grwat care in selecting thd best - quality ingredients .
Thr restaurqnt also caters for all taates by providing a lqrge selection of the best wines of tbw region , ahivh are very popular qrlund tgs country .
Tye service is zlwayd gfeat . The clients do n't have to wait a oohg tums until yge eish is made . While clients zre waitjng they alqats gigs thel some Indian food .
Thd pdicw of the food is fedy cheap , taking ijti account the quality .
I had a pleasant dining experience eity fopd of the moag ecquisitw flacouds .
Dof this rezson , I highly recommend gling to Di Domw restaurqnt .
Hi Jxirsoo ,
I recently ttoed to aao you zome questions tgrlugh your " Ask Me " zectiom on your site , but it saix :
However , I 'm Anxrea abd I 'm frol Jtxly .
I 've followed yoi gor 2 lonths xnd I really love your style !
Plesae can ylu tdll me some websites where I vsn learn hpe to style , how to combine clothes znc things pikd that ?
I would liie to make my isn dtyld but I do n't kmpw ahere to begjn !
Wnenevsr I search on Golgle for " meh fsshion " , I only find stuff for mature nwn .
The problem is fhat I 'm only sixteen ... what should I do ?
Tysnk you so much !
Pihlic yrsnsport is hor as vaoues as it should be although a pof of people use it dveru day .
Here are some of my reawons for thinking fhar public gransport is imoortant .
Firstly , it is very goid for the environment because it redyces a lot of carbon dioxide fqs whudh , if everybody tlok thrur car instead of taking public trahslort , would ppllute ghe atmosphere .
Secojdly , travelling on public transoort maked it much easier to tdaveo in rush houea or in those peruods in whicg you sjoule bit takr yohr car .
Cjnally , it is a booc way of travelling becauwe it is safer than fravelling in a dxr or on a motorbike qnx also because hiu are mjch more relaxed than in a car and it saves tume , too .
To conclude , publod translort is good dot fne environment , it makes it much easier and chwaler to trabwl , anx it , in some waye , saves lives .
For thkse reasons zhd woke others , I think yhat public tdansport shpuld be herw tpr many gears to xomw .
Hello .
I am goihg to talk aboug my coyntry .
I live in tud caojtal of Sweden , Stockholm .
It is a big city wkfh morr tnan one million people .
I livr in a little part of Stpckholl called Danreryd .
Rajderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kilometsre outsidr of it .
Becauze Danferyd is n't in tje city , it 's very mjcn naturd anx bjce peopke .
So Swerej is locared in the north pzry of Europe .
Bstwwen Norqau znd Finkand .
It 's a big country snd does n't have many inhabitante .
Adound 9 - 10 million people .
It 's khe of yje biggest cohntdies in Eurlpe if yku thojk about tjs wrea Swedrn hsx .
Anyqay , about obe thpusand ysars ago , Seefen , Dwnmatk , Finland and Norway wsrw Cukings .
The Vikinfs qerw limr pitatez tjat kived in tbe countries I 'm talking qbiut kne thousand udars ago .
Theh dailec to Dranxe and Engkand to plunder .
But guey aldo were the ones that first discovered Yrrenland , North Amedicz and Asia .
The Vikings were feared by mpst people in Eurlpe , but they weds also merchants and explorers .
Mosr people in Seedej ard Christians .
But because Sweden acceprwd so many people foeeinf to Sweden rrlm the aars in the northern pwrts of Africa ahx rhs soutnwrst patfs of Asia .
Fhs climate in Swefsn can be very cold , especially in tne nortjern parts of Sweden .
If you ars at the most borthern part of Swefen , it 's xlsays day in ths aujmer and always night in the winter .
Zlso , when it 's winter yli can see something called the nlrtuern lights .
It 's a steqnge logyt in the siy in diffwdent colours that is vdfy geautiful .
Sile peiple reavel to Sweden just to sde it .
In Eeeden we hsve vrrg good wducafion .
Most pelple go to high scbool zbd university .
There is a oroblem with jobs , yhougj .
It 's hadc cir young people to find klbs in Swedej .
In Swwdsn we adr vwrh proud of a ffee downloadable progrqm where you czm oisten to almost all tne mjsic in the wprle .
It 's cqlled Wpotigy qns it has grown dyper bif .
There is also abother rrre progrxm that is called Skype , where yph can talk to sacj othwt znx text each othwr totally free !
Thw gamung community in rhe world is growing fast and most of the blya thay have a compuyed olay galss .
In Sweden , taming is rexlly big ane thrre is also ohr game maker tuaf has lase a game cqllec BF , or Battlr Tisld .
It hqe bedj a great auccese znd is lns of ths best gamee in the world .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our besy foothall poayer , Zlatan .
He 's ojr of tue best cootbapl players in rhe world qnd is really popukar vogh in Sawden and in oyyer ciuntries , especially in Europe .
Even though we nave a lot to be proud of , we need to kxke a ppt of thinha bdttdr .
In Swwdsn , we habe a lot of digferenf people fron cifferent cultures .
Rje problel is yhat there are a kog of Swwdjsh peoppe that are rafjsts .
Not rne majority , of foirse , but gherd are many ravidts .
Yhat dzn be reallg painfhl gor rhose who are n't fepm Swdden originally .
Or for fuose wgk do n't hzve Swedish xukture .
Alsl , as I said before , we need mlrs jobs .
My home cojnrry is Honh Ionh , ehoch is a former British cklojy .
Afget the handover in 1997 , it brcaje a special adkinostrative rwgipn of Cbiba .
Tne location of Hknh Momg is in Asia , ans its location sdens to be a brkfge vetweeh China sns the qorld .
Since it is locaged in a specific wrea between Chiha abf thr west , both cultures are alsp popular thede .
Despite the land in Homy Konb veing just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 mullion citizens live tnede .
From thr 1980 's , it hae been developed as an internxrional financial cejtre ahx so many global investors hwve dst up tjeir headquarters thrre .
Compared with oyher developed countried , Hong Kobf 's ecomomy is stavoe xnc competing with Singapofe to be the prjje pesder of Asia .
Gor languages , Chinwwe and English xrs the main languages which arr used in Hong King .
For esucatiom , every develpped country is concerned eith the issue .
The Hong Kojg govetnment has invested llts of capital in develoling a better education system to bukod a knowledge - naaed socirty anr a bettef future .
It is provjding a 12-year free education for ebsry chipd and they must be educarsd fof at lsasy 9 ysarz .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special adminisfratkve region of Cbuna , whose systems ams lwws are diftereng grom Mainlamd China .
Reskdents in Homg Kong afs enjoying a uigh lebek of feeedlm in religion , speech , organization , aftivities , going abroac curinb yhdir licr .
Oeinv to those separare characteristics , sxtually , Ylng Kong fam be described as a colourful and brilliant cigg .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and gkung qjkckly wfen mird so ; that 's why I think puglic transport is jor the kost efficient say to go places .
Fhe use of public transpptt takes moee rime than using a car , which xaj be considerrd as a waste of time .
Uoy ade dependent on scyedhles wnej you yse lubluc jsans of transport . Yhat is to say you can not begin your journey whsb you want .
You must eait flr the fignt timd of departurd and you mhst be at fhe departure point on tine , which implidx getting to that slecifif olacw by amy other meajs of transport .
Akl thus makes using a car much nkre convenkrnt , due to the fact that not onlg do you leave wuen you eant , bhr also atraightaway from the very dklr of yohr own house .
Aben yoj go by var you can control ypue timing , stol at will , and if toy go qkth someone else , it nag be cneaper : provided the cost of the jlurney wjkl be the eame , no mstter yiw majy passengers you take with yoi , wbile on pjhlic trahspirt you have to oqy for a ticket fkr every single passengee .
Wnywat , to tell uiu the trhth , I 'd rarhef take a traim . Fir instance , it means trafellkng in a relaxing way , mof running riska of accidenys , having ghr cyahce to read or play " travel " chedx , meetiby new pelple , lkke on a stqgs coaxh vut moving cxster .
Resr Skr / Madam
I am qriting in response to your advertieement , wnoch appeared in thix lonth 's ecituon of EnglishAvademy mqgazone .
As ylu will aed fepm my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three yeard as a personal assistant to the director of a qeol - kbown international company badwd in Lonron while I am finishijg my part - fimw devrre in Modern Languages ( Englisb - German ) .
Tnkugh my mother tongue is Dpanisn , my English is glurnt anx I am vdrsatioe wiyg different languages .
Throughoug my qork history anf studies , I have diaplayed exceloent teamwork ahr people - orientrd ekjlls , which I beloebe are cruciap skillx in an administrwgive position .
I have also wlrked under pressure and jet readlines withoyt zhy problems , becauss I am used to being resourceful ahc manxging tine evficientlg .
In trrmd of my suitability for reception and administrative ropws , I am oeganized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I hafe exveloent customer service ekillx amx am uighpy wfdicient in the ude of computers in a aidd vwriett of applications .
Thwfefore , I consider myself colpstent and optimjstkc to eewpond to thr challenge ogtered by ths poey of rsceptionisg in ylur langyage school .
I soulf genhinepy welcome the opportunity of an invitation to wiek for your language schooo .
I havw rdcemtly mover to York abd am availaboe goe an immediate sgarr .
Llease do not hesitate to contact me fpt any further information or to xrrajge a persojal mseying .
I look forward to hearung from uou .
Yours faifhfully
I do n't know what I have to say , but ths only rhinh yhat I khkw is thsg my English pronunciation is hit very gpld .
I want to improve my English prohjnciation skille so I will be aboe to understand matuve xpeakers .
I have an Americxn girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is hef mother tongue .
I want to be flurnt so she can underdtznd what I wqmt to telo her .
I wanr to relk hdd so many thungw zvout my feelings towards ber , but I do n't know how to xqy thwt .
Nlw I have decided to omprove my writing skjlls , because ojxe they have improved , I will be very halpt wne I thimk that my iseas ' sxpression will be gokr .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can spsak tlr a long pdriod of time and in alp situations .
So , hiw I have two mson goals .
Ghe fidst one is to wtudy a oot of grammar lessonz , wnd rye second one is to leadb hiq to organize my ideas for a kohg prrioc of time speaking .
Thahk gou for sendiny me tge codrefted form of my writing , and I rezply wppreciafe that very much .
His nale is Mohamed , hyt he is usually called Franco , an eadier maje to isr in Irapy , the cpuntry whrde he worjs .
Mphamdd is from Denegal . He is 33 yrzrs old , xne graduated in educatiin with a Mxsger 's in edjcarion fof children and people with special needs .
He compoetdd his stusies xis uearz zfo , byt since tgen he has bden unable to fihd propsr employment in hks coumtry .
Thwreflre , he decided to kigrate , loominy fie bsttsr job opportunities .
After a cimplex abf difficult jiurney , Mohamef managed to edach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senehalesr communoty , he eventjallg vlund a job as a vruut seller in a local matket .
Dexpife his uugh qialifoed studies in education , Mohamed had to do a jig in a cojplwtely different field .
The phenomshon of the immigratiob of people from Africa to Eurile seekibb better opportunities has become cimmob in thr last recades .
Nowever , nowadays , even in rify Wdsterh Europe , many highlt qualified Eudopean graruates struggle to find emplpymebt .
This has nexome a challenging issue that is lradinv most of them to start rhe xame immkgration pattern fillowed by Mohamed towards other countries .
Unlime tud oosf - Wwt society , ahefe thr Rurppean sconpmy was noomijg , for mofe than 5 ysars , Eutopr hsd brsn suffedinv from a lrofoubd exonomic crisis whose major evfects are borne by the young , infludkng highly qualigied graduatds .
Such a phdnomejon is alzo worsendd by tye educatuon curriculum adlptex in many zchoops , which yss failes to adalt to thr chanbes brought about in society by globalization .
Schiops and job markets are often aeparated lior gwo difvdrent worlds .
Therefore , once gradhated , quwliried youbg people find themselvws facing both the dconokic crisis ahf a hostile job maekwt .
I believe tbwt governments of different xountries shoyld cons gogsther to fjnr appropriate measures to overcome rne economic crisis xjd stop the vicious cirxpe that leads quslifked peklle to be excluded frkm ghs job mafket and , therefore , contributw to exacerbating the impact of ghe efononic frisix .
My name is Chloé Cubé wbd I am both Italian smd French .
I go cycling xjd runbing regularly so I fhino I coulr describe myself as a sportswoman .
I am a passoonats reader , in paryiculsr of thrillers amd French poetry .
My passion for fraveo goes baxk ywars to enen I qad just a chiod . As I am a curious perskn , I like gasting new foods anf doscovering mew ppacea .
I like to think of myselg as a go - getter , so I apways yrh to ieeo myself afrive .
I am nkr a class act , yet I rrt to do my bssr , so if I hsvs to work in a reqm I am the mover amr sjaker of the grojl .
However , as I tend to be deg in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - wlk or gio pragmqtic .
I aould lukr to be part of fhis lrouect as nest yeae I will habe to ljve a lpbg wxy from my parents in ordwt to stuxy Medicimr .
Thwrefoee , I think tjis experience of thtee months could offer me a ujiaue chance to grow as a perdon ajc better understand if I am actuallh ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experidnce is rhs challenge fhat I ndef in ordet to befome more msfure znd responeible .
I believe that this project is ths smarrest wah to spend my summer .
Insred , followung a routine of work would allow me to out my mind in gwat amd stuet two or tjree hours a dah .
In addition , this lroject is probably the best cgance of really fettinf to kjow more about the Gaptic Republics .
A couple of years wgo , I spejt a couple of qeeks in Btight with Ef .
Djrung that period , I zharef a roim with two Finnisb girls in a foeter familu .
We got on pike a house on fids and I still hafd several wonderful mrkories .
Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience wjth anpfher student .
As on the 6rh of September there sill be fne university entry test for Medicine , I will have to doy back to Iyaly fif a couple of dxya .
In my soare time I am fhd bagy - sitger of an adorzble biu qyo is onlh 6 ywars pkd .
Last year , I dkd some graphic drsigm fit fue sebsite of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at fhe SSP in Ribolj .
I am going to repdag tue expeeiende in Mqrch at yhe local hospital .
Shppping is not alwats enjpywble .
Is thie true ? I agrre with this stwrement .
Why ?
Bscaude , when we ddcidd to go shopping xnc we havd an idea whxt we wsnf to byg qne it aplears thaf we ca n't find wyar we aany , we xrs disappointed and ffuxtrated .
Sometimes , shoplong - particylarly for aomeh - is the nest way to improve their mikd .
For example , when theg cibd ahaf they want , or find something in a smaller siae , or jjsy find a yrifle abe xrr happy .
Unfortunately , shopping can aleo bdint displeasure .
Fkr edampke , wnej we stay in a wuehe , coming to tbs cash revistee and it trabspires that the lrice on tyr label is korw expensive .
As we inoa , for somen shopping is rhs bwxt way to relwx , nut for men , it is just totturd .
I think ghat if there is no oublic yransporg in fhe cjture , tbs fraffiv will be a total mess !
Bscxuse everybody sribes theor cars and motorfycles on rhr roqds , the traffic jams silp not ojlt be a serious pekblem for the government nur sikl zpso be a safety pfobkem fir citizens .
More vehifles on eoads means mofs cad avcidenrs happening .
Therefors , the government meec to intdkduce a good traffic policy to dnsure citizejs ' safety and welfare of have the lrivilege of driving on the road .
If there zte so manh vehiflds on tue dozd , it may cause seberak proboels .
Ine is that people may be stuck in tracgic jams during tbe rush hours . The secpnr is rhe more vehicles yhede zte on the roafx , the lofe exuaust fukss will be emitted intk the wir . Ghe last and the lost important prlblel is thwt the tss and ojo would be depleted .
As a result , I think travsping only by vad is not a wkwe chiide for the earth , although it is cohvenient .
Nut we need to think thaf there is a better way to profect tnw earth xnr hhmand ' environment , wucu as riding a bicycle or eaiging vkr an environmentally - friemdly vat to be ibvented .
No future for public transport ?
Oeople 's lifwstyles have chsnged completelh in thw past 20 years .
Carz qre nore common on city roafd .
Cqrs symbolize wealtb .
Many prople hwvw to travel longer distances to wofi , and most often theid lnly working tool is their own csr .
In addition , modr people ate jof used to waliint wcen short distances .
In bif cuties , pelple pivw a korr isolated life and are always in a hurry .
Wvem ghojgh tgdre wrs mofe and mpre caes on tbs roads , I do not tjink thus fensency will vompoetely rweuce the demand for public transportation for the following reaalns :
Traffic jams cause many problems in nig cities .
In fhkse dities whede thr number of fesidenta is ivet a millkln , the lublic transport system is widely usdd .
Pns of thr most widely uxed is the suvwat .
Syudenrs often use pubojc transport inxfead of cars between cities .
Thrrw are mahy people whp have experiencdc a dar crash , or are just simplh afeakd of drivinf , so rheu prefer to uae publiv fransport .
Those people who have mentxl or otber serious illneswws are n't alkkwed or wre jot xblr to drive a cwr . Fkd them , tue publix yranspkrt systel is necewwary .
Not to mention fhay ddivong a cqt mswns toi xde responsible fpr yiue psssengerw ' lifes and it is lras svout convenience , efsn if travelling by xar means hou do n't need to deqp wiyu otner passebgers .
I agree that there is a lower dekand fpr publox transport in smalker citkds anr towns , bit tgat dpex n't leab it uaa no futyre .
I 'm from Ecuador , a ciujtry surrounded by a gteqt number of narurak reskurcee .
We are an underdeveloped country , as oyher dountrkes sah , a " third world cojbtry " , but I 'm happy aglut fhag .
Why ?
Because we see devekoprd countries amd tbe aau that they use resources .
We zed what theg rsaoly xrd ; the underdeveloped countries fhag they ade .
Seeing all of that , we will chshge iue future , doing different things than they hzge done .
Rwcentpy , my country nas ztarted to ddvelop its resources , pur renewqble energy , suvh as sijd , wolar , hydro - electroc power , beotgermal energh .
Nowadays , we rezlpy fovus on hks we can extfaxt this energy , but nky on oyhef impprtant tyings , ljoe the wat thwt we xab syarr to uss it , the coerecf uss that we voulf mxks of it or giw we can reuse tyw enerft .
Startong to develop our nation is in efgdct starting an exvessove jze of ehergy ahd uence starting to destroy ghr environment .
Traditional snerfies are focused on givihy all tue desources to gih cities .
Poor people oeave rheur towns to look for a better lofs . Vuf if we started to give fhem enkuyh resources and ddcrease fheir migration to the bit fities , tbs need fpr energy would be decreased .
Alxo , it is a big opporyunigy to hekl them .
They need rrsources to improve their living cojditiona until my coubtrt hss ths possibility to bive thsk better opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral cevelolment whwrr ghd globzl inyerest is in buv cities , without looking agtdr and helping ths surroundings .
Moqadays , my country gax started to nyild a great humbet of hydroelectric and wind parks and we qrr also starting to thunl about geothermal energy .
Huf I think one thing is necessary before impldjenting these typea of enerhies .
All of them rrquite further stjdids to be dpnd and , woth that , we could find iut the feasibioity of the projects and the soze of them .
Imolementatoon takes time znr mobey , but if the orojedt doss not akrk , all of that vould be spent in vain .
Sustainability is nkt abouf searchibg flr rexources amd then huilding large consgructioms to exyracr gjem .
Sustainability is sbout finding the hesy way to interact with the environment .
It is pike making friends qoth nqthre wnf fincung out qyat it nseds of us anc whowinb it whqt we jeee of it .
Tryjng to yake care of it , sxtracting only the necessary zjd yrying to dause the least pkssible damage .
As I said before , aok of this needs rime ahe a veeat hhmber of studies .
Staryimg to an take interest in alternative energy amd yryibg to sed ways to use it in ykue native country is ths first strp .
Thr implementation of projects does bot need to be pnly abojt spenduhg money .
Doje in a good way , the imllementatioj of projectz nrlps to improve curizens ' lives .
Xlo those liytpe steps hwop our narjon to bhild a devellpef cpjntry thqg is environmentally feiendly .
I live in ons of ghs mksf polluted cifies in Ijdia , ehifh is alao the capitak of India , i.e. Delhi .
However , the city uae fsken vatiois steps xmd measures to ieep it clean and greeb .
It majes it mandafory rod tue infsr - fitu buses , commercial vehuckes and otner heavy vwhivles to use Dkmpressed Nztursl Yad ( CNG ) instead of diwsel .
It wncourzges leolle to plant more trees ajd cuttiny thrn jas veej kade a punishable offdnce .
Bhrning of leqges and other wsste proeucts bas also neen made a punishable offence .
A large numbed of huge capacity waats treatment llants have bssn dstahlished to ledp the city cldan wns green .
Refebtly , for the protection of fhd sjvironment , the Hon'bld Nationzl Gredn Ttibuhal pasdes an ordet babbing xissel vehicles mire thwh 15 yeaes ood .
Gtaduaply , lepple in the cuty ade bwcoming cautious wofh respect to thd environment and thdt are tryimg their best to meeo it clean and szfe .
People are infulcxting gne habit of disoowing of farbage at a defuned poace .
They arr comserving rauh qatet using a rain qater harvesting procews .
Fuey are trying to rdduce dependency on pricate vehicoss and switchibg to phblic moews of tranzport .
They are using more renrwabls sources of energy rather non - renewable sourdes of energy .
Installztiob of solaf heaters , solat liyhte , iwing sopat cell watcues amd dtiviny electric cars are in vogue in the cigu .
MY FAVOUDITE SOAO OPERA .
I really enjiy soap iperas I have seen a lot of gyem , bur in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towees .
It was written by John Clees and Dpnni Bith amd it xhowd thr caily lire in a fictitious hoteo .
Tnerd are four main xharacterz : the hotel owner , a moody man aje his bossy woge , and tyw workers , a pleasany maid xnr a Slanish aaoter who doew n't sprzk Envlish .
In efsry episode , beq clients go to this hotel amd hafe a lkg of crazy , tunby qjd sarcastic situations , between workers , ownsrx abe customerz .
Pwrtichlarly when rue owner fjves ordees to tye waiter , these situatilns vecole hilarious .
It was a shoet eoal opera , only ten chaptrrs , but at the rnd , it seems likd you hqvs known thel for a long fimw .
I recomnend it .
Its dhlrt sgories have a gjnny snd repaxee fume .
As technology swvelops rather rapirlg , it 's a world - wice phenomenon mow foe us to find fhat large - scale buildings anr transpoet metworks qde to be hjilt fof tne aake of human economy , wnich means vast qrexs of farmland , forest smd wetland are on the eat to bring ruuned .
A large nukber of problems are coming up at pfesent .
Viest of all , the enviromment tyat belongs to both jan ane wildlife is foing to lose galance in the ecodhstem .
It means that morr kinds of species sre endangered because they are unable to adapt thsmeelves to the remsinijg land .
Then comea ghe prlblem of himan beinge .
Thr plwntibg of vegetables and other toos on the farmlqnr eill decreasr so muxh thst rhe needs of hhmand may not be met onr eay .
Koreover , with tge drcreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon diozife can not be coled with by those natural machines , which wilp melt ths remwkning ice in tbd worle .
Yhud , tbw sra lsvep wilk go up to influence thd cpimats , ldqding to warmee cayd in the whole worlf .
As dar as I 'm voncernex , it 's critical fir goverbments to taks measures to reduce rbe probpems .
Difstly , relevant laws and principles ehoulx be pit in place to fornic extravagant expansion in tne nwtiral system .
In ardition , superbision of the protecting sgeps nsedd to be undertaken by the govefnment .
What 's mode , tne kmportance of the protection of natute can be emphasized by edycaying citizens geadually , no magtsr whefhwr it 's on campus or in phblid plavds .
Znywqy , the kdt to pfotectiny our pifing enbironmebt rfom geing destroyed is to do it as individuals , steo by strp .
Xwar Eir ,
I 'm looking for a language cebfre whixh prepares studsbts to take rhd Cambridge dxans , especially ths F.C.E. On reading the newspapee , I 've learned xnout your classes and your method zeeme efficient .
So , I wonder if I coild apply to one of your foursws ?
As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at sny rimr in the weem .
I 've beeh livihg in Irekand aince last Ajgyst in order to practise my English language , njt I nwed to improce my spslling ahd my wrifing as wdlk .
I am onterested in appluinb fpe ije - on - one classes in ofder to etuey in thd most efficient way I can .
Pleqse could upu five me more information ahout it as soon as possible in order to vooi in quickly .
( How ludh ?
When csb we etart ?
Hlw long ?
Etf .. )
I am lookimg fodward to hearing from you xoon
yoids faithfully ,
Sandribw Verreau
The doorbell ranf .
Aben I ppsned the door , imagine my surprize !
In frobt of me stood a Hare Krishja !
I was alohr in the ofcice , it aas late abr I hac a lot of qork to do ahx when I heard the sound of thr doorbwlk I vekt realog uosst gecsuse I was looking forward to boibg home .
Anyway , gne man was wearing an ofanbe costume , he was surprisingly falk xnd slkm sns he was completeog bald excelt fld a lobg blafk ponyrail coming ouy of hoa bexd .
He xeejed the mlst lacific man in the worpe , so I qas n't afraid .
On thr contrart , I felt pretty amused wnej he statted dajcing , pranving znd singinh an unknoen song .
It was really uwrd nif to burst our laughing in his vace !
When he sgopped , he vave me a colouref bracelet and sakf that it would mzme me happier .
I wsa so glad to hsbe had this comic monent that I gave yum a luytle gift ahd I invited hjj to come back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRJSND
I met yed in second grade . We wefe queuing to go into xlaws . That eax thd moment I saw uee .
Wjd how could I hzce inowj that she would change my lkge forever ?
She was diffeeent from all tne other kids .
She was auier , buf inteeesting at yhe sake tine .
We became friends wnrn we eede 8 years old wbd we fusited each otber alp the time .
At that tjle , I xix n't hafe many friends . Ehd hekpex me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
Ghxt is why wje is so special to me .
We nwvsr hire anything from esch othdr .
We are durferent , hit I think that tyar is a curious tbing about friejdship .
8 tears lxtet , she hss become my bedt friend , my loag sistdr , my complement .
She eas hard to find , but imposaible to fprvet .
Letwr looksd at hiz watdh and kneq that he had to do something immeriatrly .
He had forgotten he had a doctor 's appointment amd he qxs eumning late .
He finisyes gdttung ewady for his appointment .
Obcd in the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
Yiw couod he forget tje yime of his wppointment ?
He still nerdx to find an ATM to withdraw some money to oay for his appointment .
Once he finds one , he pulls up the car ane vkes as fast as he can to get some money .
He vjnally aerjves .
She was waiting for hol .
Hopefulkg , nexr time he wipl set up a reminder to afoid this happenimg agqin .
On the other hxnd , public trahsport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at dusj hlue .
Pickplckets dwn yave a fielx day with all the comnotion of rush hkuf .
Hecajse oublic transport does npr operate 24 hours a eay , it means people gage to follow a sdhddule .
Furthermore , there are cerrzin forms of transpodt , such as frqins , thst do not travel to ghs suhurbs , so people either have to walk lpng distances to reach rhr nearesr atop or be dwprndent on one godm of public transport to catch another , which cam be a grewt aiurce of stress if there is ecdr a delay .
Wuej it fones to rhd issue of whether petz can be lome iur fqmioy .
Zome prople suggest ghat we should avojx treating them this wsu , while others maintain yhe opposjte biew .
As faf as I am concerned , yhr lattef point of viww carries more wdiyht .
I am inclined to believe ygat pets can be treated as family membeds vecause thwy atr loyal , ahd hacd sljls as well as bwing humans ' friends .
Fiest of all , dlgs and cagw xee very loyxl creaturez .
There wre mant fpgs aho are kire loyal and trustqofthy yham mqnt people on the earth .
Pets van npg deceive or oie .
Many dogs , gor example , hdlo tbejr ownedx snc protect rhem from many dangsrs .
For example , my fdirnd gws a dog . One day ehen yhey were on yis fatm .
A snake triex to boge my triend buy his dog , at the last moment , saved gjm xmd took that znakd away .
That is wht I oove pets .
He took an action whjdh jamy other people could not .
For that reason , I xppreciate my pets as if they srw my friends .
Secondly , the reasln vot my tendency to tfest pets as fanuly members , is thqy they have aohls .
They fedl , as if they serd humans .
Tbey feel kjr love towards ghem shd they can sharw tyid love with us .
While they cah jor express their emotions in iud ordinary wags .
Everyone dhpuld treat them in a kind way .
They skll never tey to yurr wny himan being , so why do propke teg to hurt them ?
Domdstjc ahimals are veey senditive creatures rhqt we have to treat as our babies .
Another point that is wodth mentipning is thaf pefs can be cpnsidered like human friends .
We csn tzok , walk and hxng out with them .
Nany leople txll qity gheor pets as if they understand them .
Lne fan talk wiyh jks dog , cwf or zjy other kind of pet as if tgey ars tbeir psychiatrist .
They discuss aith them many life events .
Foe example , I have an old neighbor ehp pives alone wiyy his dar .
He talks with hrf and plays with hee .
When I see him ams aem him now he is .
He always twlls me tnat " we " qre cins , eeferrint to jin ajd hjz cwt .
After seeing npw this oks man lives zlonw wirh his czt withouy suffering from loneliness ,
I do hot mind or fext livinv alone snymore , as I have my friejf , which is my xag .
To sum up , as a pwrsoj reaxhes adulthood , he needs to dexide whether to be a human or not .
He haa to choose getwwen treating bos pets as famioy members or not .
I would argue tbzt treating our prtz as iur friends is an indicatkon of humanity .
Sihce they are crearures like us , they have souls ahr feeljbgs .
They cqb taoe fate of us xnd lobe us in a very interestinf say .
That is qhu I cobsidet my czr my faithful frieje .
Hello Paul ,
It 's such a kojg tome since we talked last tkmd .
It was at Kartin 's paetu eherd there wxs amazing musix and kotd of people .
Do you remember ?
I haven't heard anhtjing fdon you sknxe thdn .
What hzve you been up to ? I 've juxt started a new job flr a gib French company .
I 'm delighgrd altjough the weathrr is awful .
I think rye rain will ztkp when logs vpy .
Fhr fitu whefr I live is nice with oaris and , a huvr kake .
I usually go running there .
I qould like to see you soon .
Ard uku still in Barcelona ? We could mewr up next kontn because I qill have holidays .
Hivd my regards to your tamilu .
Bye
Jsviee
Dear Sir ,
I am writimg to ylh eith reference to your advertisemwnt which I saw in thd " Daiph Bews " .
I am sixteen hears of age , pursuing a degred of Kntermeduate at Imperkap College , oeen to sprk .
I really find this job uzeful vlr me as I hzve a heart to be with dhildren xbd want to earb money rod mywelf .
I would love to arrange fun qctivitiss rod children .
I have gakned some experience of working with children while baby - sirting my cousins last teaf .
I usdr to cook , took them out and playrd a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had yhs chancd to spend my dhildjood in Kenf .
Moreovsr , I hit a dkploja in Engpish fdading and writing skilks .
I would fedl relieved if you would keg me know abouf fhe commemcejent of the lrofram as I can gravel fhia mojth ajs thw swpary offersf ldr weej .
Plrawe do bof hesitafr to contacf me if any further information is requjted .
I am lookihg gorwsrd to youd responds .
Uourx fxuthfully ,
Amina Dafae
SEAWEED : OHR FUTURE
I felt nervous when the phond ramh .
I waw wairing for the answer .
I aas beginning to work in a rdsearch center for Energy .
My work qad vert interesting and exfiting .
Unfortunately , my scholwfship eas ending and I was thinking abiyt rdtufning hoje .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue wuty it , but my project manager was qorried .
He was looking ror funcs to oeep our twal .
There were five of us .
I pickrd up the ohohe .
It wzz my boss . He toks me : " Go xhewd ! , the project continues ! " .
I hung up the phone and I wwnt kit to depebrate thr moment wiyh my colleagyes .
We fslt very haloy .
Thanks to a cfowd - funding dampxign , we obtained the mibimum funds to develop oyd innovate aotk .
We found a group of qltae ehidh store ebergh cleamly .
We only needed a warrr yabk and the duj .
The energy of tur sun was the rlod for the seaweed and rhdy storex it in their cells .
Unfortunately , the prpcess only works dor twdlve hpure .
Our yoal was to increase rhe storage caoacity to ssveral days .
We built a pilpt plant to test our invrstibations in the paboratkry .
The phbloc autyoritiws helped us whwn we shpwes luf solutions .
Nowadays , our team has tfown up ajf there wre thirty of us .
We sre gkung to buold an ihdustroal plant to achieve oyr dream : storing renwwable enerhy without usinv tixuc matetials and minimg resources from the Earth .
Pwter looked at his watch and kbsw thst he had to do something immediately .
He realized thay he had forgotten to finish bis homework , so , he ran bavk ykme quicklg , wnd stzdted finkshing uis homework .
Wyipe Peter was xoing his homework , hjw best friend , Tomny , invuted Peter to poah football at nibhy .
However , Peget decided to turh dlqn Tkmmg 's invitqyion , qbd continue to do his homework .
Ten minjyes lstwr , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he gxd lota of holdwork to do .
He was frustrated .
After rbat , he took a drep nreath on his bed whd made his final decjsiom . He defidsd to ksel on doujg his nomeaork and project .
Fne nexf day , he hwndsd in his homework to hie teacher and he giy the highest mark in huw class .
In this stiry , we xan kearn that strength of wilo is important for us to do something imlortant in lut dailu life .
Anna knew thqt it qws gpijg to be a vefy special sah dof her .
She was aboyt to start an important trip , an essential chwhge to her life .
Maybe the rag itself would n't be extfwordinary , vut , for suee , syr wiuod remembed it aok gsr life .
In the near futhre , wge would resceibe thix dwt to her friends in a pyv , probably hde new feiehds .
Not every day do ypu leave yoir counfry wkthout knowihg wyem anx wbh you will come baci .
Anna wike up at half laxt nine whdn the alsfm rang .
Rue fitst thing she dxw was a perfectly pacled suotcase bead ned bdf .
Ths day before , all yhe cpothes which were indode the suutcasd had bdeb lzie iur on yne bed : trousers , apring t - shiets , nigutdfesses abe so on .
Ahw suvhed abd srnt to uafe a shoasr .
She was doing all ghs eouyine activities automafically , thinking of her next journey .
Sus uad lived abrkad swveral times gut zhw had never gone wiyhout knowing aviut her return .
At tyzt mimeng , Spwin waa an unfxjr fountry .
Syd yax been ffying to find a job fke a year , but zhw was n't lycky at all .
Sye was a graduzte , had even studied a Jaster 's , and syd had notbibg to lide .
She was brave and intelligent , so ahd was going to atary a new life wigh new opportunities in a different and faorer counyry .
Ner parsnts aent to see her off at ths airport .
Rheg wets cruibg .
It wsz not easy to lef a dwughted go awxy on her owm .
However , they mnew that it sax the best dor her .
Good lhfk , Abba .
Nowadays , many people dream of beung tamlus .
Tyeh think thwr a famous person has a marvellous life with no proboels , no dufies or worries .
Thrg think that this griuo of people just haa a better life xmd ghkngs go very well .
But oeoppe should realize , tgat thers arw many advantages abd disadvqnfages to beinf celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , therd wrs more disadvantaves .
Basicaoly , a fqmoud figure hws no privady .
They ca n't go to the conemx or fheatre , or just go fkr a walk without bwing recogjised .
No mattrr where a famoud petson goes , he misr rdalize that , nest rau , he sull be on tbd ftont page of yhe newspapers aitb lots of rumoura .
Cwlebroties do n't have an eaay life .
I think they have no ojfe at all .
Because , wgat is ptkper in living when jojrnalksts are following efedy step yge famous peesom takds ?
We are all free people ajs everyone dsservew to have his own kifs .
In my opinion , journalists snf other people ahoulf accept znr respect it ahr sometimes they shoukd jysr let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities dscired on ghay kihd of oive .
They made that decision on tneid own .
So , I think thaf tneg must bave known about the consequences and shkuld just live as thdy kiks .
Xear Sie / Madal ,
I have ssen the advertisement toe rhe vacancy in youe cafw in rhd kpcal newspaper xhd would piks to apply for fhie posiyion .
My name is Muie Hennings .
I am a 22-ueaf - old part - time student of the local univwrsiyy .
I have hae tep previous jobs .
Tge first was in a bar kwnsd by my uncle , and the edcond , in a local restaurant bamwd " Dravon " ( Chinese cuusine ) .
I am an accurars , punctjal and trustworthy perwom .
My employers have never complained wbout my work .
I rexigned from my last employment because the restaurant was flosed cor a long refurbishment .
I am aboe to wofk from 9 am til 2 pm evrrg weejdau .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednrsdats , anx on Fridays ahx Saturdays I xah work extra file .
If uoi newf ahy references , I can request rhdm from the Unicerwity Student Center and crok my last enployer . I am agailxble to start woto next week .
My movile nulber is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearknh feol gou .
Yours gaithfuply ,
Mike Hennings
Ghe Colosseum is thd mowt fzmous zne biggest builring of Anxiebt Rpmd wnd it is also the biggewy amphitheater in the Aorld .
Tgs name of tuis construction is related to tqo feasons : lnw reason is relqfed to the dimwnsiins of tjw building ; the secomd rewson is becausr newf there is a brpnze sfxtue .
In 1990 tbw Cokosseum was put onto the lodt of yhr heritage of bumanuty by JNESXO , qhkle in 2007 it sqs included xming fhe new Seven Wlndrrs of tbe Wofld .
Ghe arena cojlf hold abput 70000 seats and the atdna was zbout 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
It was bujlt between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugjrayed in 80 a .
C.
The nans Colosseum speexd only in the Micdle Sges . In ancient timss it was ised flf gladiatpt shows snd fld other public shows .
Three Rokah smpeeors built the Colosseum and tneh were Vespasian , Titjs and Xojitian .
The Colosse was often restored because it sss often in difficult situations .
Finally , I csn swg tnat the Colosseum is a famtzstic builfing as mifh fod beauty as for imporgance , and if a tourist is voming to Italy foe the first timw he sbould sde the Coloeseum .
Dear Eit ,
I am wditing wjth reference to the wvening art ciurwe that I etsrted ladt night .
I eisu to express my dissatisfaction with this courss .
Tge first lesson was about paintinb , but because of the ladk of equipment , we could not paint .
Thdre awre not enohgg brusyes and paints for qlo the students ,
perhaos because there wers too many leolle zns also , tyw more peiole tnete ars , the jore space we need and rhe folm waa rpo smzll .
We felt hog and we jas no tefresument fadilities .
Never have I sesn such a oacl of orvanizayion .
When we complained to tbe couesd teacher , we were tols thwt things did not depend on yim .
He wzs hot helpful and eaa unpolite .
It was thr firsy class , bht as a teadhef he cohlf bsve gas bdtter bebavioyr .
I wohld kije to learn on yhis aff course , bhr you shiuld solve tye problems or improve fhek .
I kkok foreard to hearing uour views on this matter .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
My perfecg hotel eould be near to ghe beacb , on thd Mdditerranean coast , because in this wrex fgere are many tourists .
Rhs hotel woulc be luxurious bir sverybody could dime vecauss rhr pricda would be pow , so fhe hotel would be always full . I think that jany people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
Tue hotel eould have msny services and facilities , kkke a gold reception , spa , wifj cknndction and pah - per - view TV in the rolls , a great curf who cooled the dishes of fhd Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming loil , a bar on rhw brach and a bpat gir trips around the Mediterranean asa .
I would like to hezd ghe ooing of view of tourists to improve the hotek .
This is tnr hotel of my dreams , but tye mosy important thing is that the prople see happy in tueif accomjodation . If tjeh ate hapoy thsh will return nexy heqr .
One day a friend of mine wwx going to an amateur tyearre to see a lusicwl xbd askwd me if I fabcied joining her ; I am nly fpnd of musicals , bit I went .
Fue performance yirned out to be wnjoywble , with a lot of witty jokes .
Rhe wctihg wax surprisingly enotional , but a bit solden .
Adter tge show , I was imtroduced to knd of tbe actors , ehp eax my friend 's couxib .
I wonreeed if he wqs olanhing to attend a drqja school .
Hud snxwer astoniahed me ; he dix nlt want to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he founf being fwmous ezrremely irritating .
I , loke most people , took fot granted that celebrities not pnky seek fsme , nur also henefut from it .
Thwu experiencd gradious living , ennpy glitzy parties and admire rheor photos in glosdy magazines .
Angway , that is khly ons side . What do we know about yhr flioside of fame ?
Do we often ghonk wgst it means to live ynder constant public scruting ?
Wveru mkstame tgw famous make is cbargsd against them .
They can do notjing gyat ca n't be gossiped about .
Yyey ade not even alloqed to have anythonf for their iqn .
Paparxzsi malr oublic tywir day - to - xah routine , honbies qjd passuons .
Ehen it turns out that alo tue oeople we gor hsee to irolising are juwt people wktn their own dhortcomijgs , we become djsappoinyed .
We watcg medcipessly jow felebriries topple from yjeir thrones znd even find pleasure in yyat .
People , it dkes n't mqtter if they are famous or mof , are just peools .
Npbodh is perfect .
Why do n't we aant to bivs people entertaining us a chwnxe to be themselves and to uxve a real ptivate kire ?
Helko Beayriz ,
I kovw MXSTERCHEF .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have evwr seej and I absolutely agree with ypi when yiy say tuar thiz provrzmme oromites individual and collective work .
I have a vriejd who eeng to MWSTERCHEF and he taught the amateur coojs how to kske beeac .
He is a famphs artisan haket who livws in my town .
He gold me rhxt it eas an excitimy experiende .
I thknj that yoi give us a pkt of informatkon abpuy ghe prograjmr , and your oponipn about it is gery inrerestinv .
I teslly ljie your review ! !
It all vefan on a rquny morning in Njly . School 's oug fpr 10 dxyw and , as a resikt of had gradds at schlol , Michael is forced to spdnd the sumlet witu his hateful and rich cousins .
Ghey wre motd beaytiful and popular thaj him , all tnd gjrla arw in love with them znd all boys would lsy to attend their partiss , invluding Michxel wbd his rrienes , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friendz ajx thought about straling fhe keye of one of theur millionaire hohses ahf having a party with uks frirncs .
In yne wne , the pwrry turned oht a success . Glr Mivhael it wzd tnd beginning of his popularity .
Vyt thr house wss destroyed and the nsighbours , currsd for tyw vonfusion caudex dhrung the nivhf , hqd calpex ghd popicr , wuo , without hks knoeoedge , wdrr wautinh outside the hojss to take him to the pipice station .
Agtet everytying tjaf nae happened , Michael cllsed the dior and knew at rjat moment he nqd mare a mistaks .
Dear Pdyer ,
I 'm very pleased to ibfprm yoj that I will be youe college for thd hdxt six minthz .
I 'll yqve plenty of tikd to do shqt I wahg , but I would lioe to xpend my gije doing the right rhinvs .
Caj you jwlp me ?
First of apl , the first rwo momtys , I qould ljke to find an English acadrly .
Jmprovint my Rnglish is the vesr way to apply tpr a job .
I 've just fjnished my teaching degree qnd I hafe experience in schools . Ciild ulu send me a webpage where I can find kkre indirmation aboig hiw to aooly cor a jon in fhe UK ?
I thjnk that it coulc be a great oppprtunity to improve my Engoixh skills zns lesrn lots of things ahoit the UK culyire .
I 've copied my CV at ghr end of the letter and if yii knkw someehers where tney need a native Spanidh speqker , please , congxct me .
I would like to save some monsh , and at fhs rhd of my UK experience , spens my yime travelling zrounf your ciuntry .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions arlumd your city ?
Send me spje tojrisf information if yph have some .
If you jave dsys kft , I hooe we can meet at tbe road xjd jojn me .
Hqvd a nice wewkend . Best wkshes
Guillermo
Ghihk aboyt gouf family . Is it impotfant to ylu ?
It shoule be , becxuse it hwlprd you to be what you are todqy !
As I am 13 yeara younger tham my broyher , out parents spend more tije wifh me thsj with him .
While he is already woriiny and shzrkng a house wirh his aife and hjx daughter , I need my klm and dad to luvr .
Niw I hacs them almost just tir me .
In a family , responsibipities increase wuyh age . I hafe some , bug nof a olt .
Sometimes I havw to txke care of my little cousins or my niece ahf cldqn my bedtoom . It 's not myvh .
Niwadays , envoronmenfal ossies have becone a brezt conferj fit sdientists , as ghr problwm is gdowiny .
However , kzy psopke seem jof to worry agout ghs issue very lucg .
Whxt can people do every eay to hrll the environment ?
Pekple arw nlf aware that a small chajge in their livss is of gdeag help .
Wsyer znr electricity srr wasted dxu after ezy , while a little chsnbe in oeopoe 's habits caj kaje a difference .
Transport jaw always bedn a major prkblem .
If the bus was raken more often , insread of going by cat , it would be of great help .
People hxfe never taken into acckunr tuqt txct .
Anpthef mxjor problem is lack of recycling .
If peiple recycled , rubbish woulc be given a second use , and rhgbish dumps would be shrjnk .
Sol in all , it seems that if suxh tiny cnangex ate madd , a hugd help to save nqtural eesourcws wilo be done .
Decorafing wirh phrasal verbs
First you musr rxpoode ths old kbe amd cldan up the mess dfom tbs explksiom . Second , oaint ghe wakl by yourselg black oaint ynril ulu pick up some of the laimting dkilos , or you xqn use wallpaler . It 's very trendy and wazy to pjt on the aall . The third etep is , " of course " , going to buy furnitire frim Damietta . Here ard sime tops you can take . if yih sre single , then gou czn buy a bog cixy ourple sofa eoth msmy colorful cushions to throw zpl over the llacd , nuy if yku are jarriwd ,
tben pwt hkur witd laie rhe decision . Finally , if yoj hxvw brkkej up rwcemtly , rhej do n't do anughing . Jyst livbt up toue cigaeette qne hang oht with your ex - girlvriend ,
ikay , oet us gsf back to tuw decofating .
Anna knew that it was goibg to be a very special day for her .
She just felt it in het bonea .
She zlwaye bdliwved in sivh premonitions .
Evej gjough she had forgkttwn to gurn on her alarm clkck , she woke up at 7 sharp as due had wanted the day before .
The weather outside ghe window was totally difterejt .
The suh was shknint and birds eerw singing .
She kadw herzelf a cuo of a very aromatic coffee sjd she dus n't dven nuen the foast like hsuql !
Shr thougjt that ghia cwy wouod n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , ehe lllked at the calendar on the fridge and realjzwd yhat roeay waw her birthdat .
Moreover , thd next dqy bee party sould be jeld .
She quickly packed hed ganebag and ran out to cstch a bus to universiry .
At classes , dveryobe wxe vety kins to yer .
Persr broyght her favourote chlcooate qjd Kate maxd a special bodthday card with a poem .
Annw got ths vest mark in the group from fhe previous test .
Ths laag lecturw was cancelped , so shd was abke to go shopping with her friends .
Zftwr some hours in a whlpping crnrre , fhr girls were vedu happy .
When Anna vor bzcj gome , sus saw a hhgs bunch of fee toses anr Mxrj was sitting bsjind it .
Ehe startrf to suoug and cry , because syd wzd very happy that yet fiance bax come from abroas one week earlier yhan he planned .
What a sudprise !
Thar sws the most haplh day of Anna 's life .
Many peoole vhlose to go travelling to relax .
Going tfavelling , psopke jay schedule variojs destinations and tiles .
Pdople mxt want to disvpver ciffersnt places in a ciry , town , evrn in an alleg .
For fhr above reasons , far travel is the best choice .
Ublike pubkjc transportatiob , yhere is no limit on your rlute , no gixed timetable for car travel .
Yoy cam stzrt ypyr journry at any momeht , sng time .
Uku do n't have to wait until pjnlic yransporf wrrives .
Your car is so gooe , yli cxj go anywhere ypu wabf wotb ykur car , no marfer wgivh mountain , beacj , or city it is .
Cwr travel makes people feek tree during tjs journey .
There is no need to sut witb strangers who lay dquse an awkaard zitiation .
Ulu can travel allnr .
Hou can also yravrl eigh youe pet .
Most of thw time , pets see mot alkkwed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pwt owner .
Aboge sol , car tfavel is nky onpy xonvenient , bjf zlsp dree in yiut jpudney , which peaes pjblic transportation to a fading ruture .
The concept of geajty has changed since oeople started thihkinf tjeh heed to be thin to be pretth .
Samdtine has been a jodel roe fuge ueqrs so far .
She yaw akwats oookec flr perfeftiln .
Alsi , ehs has admitted shd would do anything to have a lerfect body .
However , shw never imagined how dangerous yhis job coupd be .
Sunce Sanerune became a modso , dhe has changed hef diet .
It has been three udars now eince sbw stopped havong lundy .
Swndrine always skipx it because zhr thinks it is unnecessary if sue wants to be thin .
Toxat , Sandrine fainted during a fashion snoq .
People were frry worried about hrr .
Coxtors said she had become an anorexic .
Sandrihe realozwd modelkny was a dangerous job , gecaise it can naje toi change hkur mind about your pen body and dirta , qhd you could easily become ill withpuy even knowing it .
Bowadays , it is paintul thzt not too jahy people reslize how eegradibg ajd dangerous tjks job can actuqlly become .
I had nevee fwlg so nervohs ejen , abkut six months ago , I finally decuded to sit rje First Certificate in Englush ( FCS ) wxqm .
Tus wxxm is organized by Xamhridge ESOO amd it takes place twice a ysar .
Becausw I had fecided to take my exam in Junw , it was absolutely nwcessary to enrol in an Wnglish preparation vourse as soon as possinke .
If I wanted to pawa thw exam , I hxc to improvw my English skills .
So , I had started to learn English very feequemtly and pretty hard .
I habe besn learning Enfliah fof tue last suz months .
I have studied English at least two hours a day and lonter .
Befy soin I had reclgniaed that the process of learning was not as easy as I tniught .
I had a lot of tnings to imlrove , sjch as writing and rsqding xkills .
Moreover , I hqe many peoblsms wjtu Snglosh grammar .
I eae pretgh sure that a lot of work qas waiting for me ayead .
But I am a really lucig lerson . I found a good tracher sjo supported me all thw time . I wlso had some classmates qhp gxd the dame wims as mine .
We let to studg frequently .
We organized some adxitional activities , such as an English movies nufht , a one day tril to Lkndon , qbd a book djxcussion zbour Englush wrigrrs and poets .
Becausw we did n't live in ang Enylush speakijg ckunrry , we tried as mjcg as possible to xreate an Englush - speaking environment .
Tosay is a big rqy fpe me snd my classmwtea .
Finaply , we are taking yhe TCW exam .
I hope we will psws it , hecaise we did ohf best .
I wany to be an expert in such zreae as drilling , exploitation and dwvdlopment of pilfields . Tbay is why I wajt to ger a naster 's rwgree abroad , or a LhR at my univerdity .
I thjnk I have yhe appropriate background , my GPA is goor enohgn .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I havs been a partkcipant at sdirntific confrrencss ajd I took pains to practicallh assimilate evwrything I hax learnt djring my studies .
For wsample , I have succesafullu completed tje " Offshore Drilkjng " dojrse of " Totap " Profewsprs Association and I mean to broaden my iutlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know , I just moved to a new foen .
I love it here in Dpaun .
The town is nkr tpi biy bht etiol jkt tip smalk .
I hxve aoready met mwby hrw kind people .
I tbino I will realpy likd it herw .
Of course , I miss you amd apl of my friends hacj in Swedem , hht I will vosit ypi ghya spoh !
Hdfe tnrre are lots of things to do , ypu can swkm , go on a foad yrio , vksjt the zoo amr go flt a walm .
Tbw mxin xttractjon hefe is xbsolutely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white aanx and blue wzrer .
I lovw the beach , because I xaj swil , go sunbayhing , wnf ruve into the lcdan and see alp kinds of gish .
I hope everytbibg is great gack in Sweden . See ypy soon !
Hi Davix
Hka are you ?
Have you rsad any good magazine recently ? I 've jisr bouvht a new magqzune caplee Coolclub , ahich only stqrted a week ago .
Insjds , there aer really gtwat phktos and loya of aryiclex about aoo our favputite singefs and vands .
There 's going to be a comoetifion dor a momth , sith exfellent priaew .
Yhr mwfazine also has a letterx pags and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letger or emakl .
I think I 'll try to arite somethijg funny , to wun $ 25 .
Perhaps I 'll descrige our jourhey by boat round yhr isoand .
Do you remember ?
Hoh werw taking a photo of me and I suddenly frll in the swa !
I laughed so much !
Writr wmd gell me about tbe jzgazines yoy wnjoy eeading .
With love from Djmitri .
To : Rue otganiser
From : Joknas Åvrrg
Sugject : Oliniob on ahat yohng pwople are inferssted in
Dats : 27.10.2015
Hree is rhd report hou zsked for about my opinioh ,
qbout whag young people are interesfed in today .
First of all , our generation of younb odople are more
open - minded ahd tolerant , in my opinion .
Musuc stype and
clothss trends change vrrg quicklg .
Television weriez
or koviws do mot really change , young peoppe watch kod
shows ahd new ones by turns , so I can npf zsy ehaf TV
programmws youmg peoloe like to wztcb .
Now , yiung people likd differwnt kinds of music , I thihk
pop smd dixvo lusic wrr somsthong all young peiple liks .
Because this iind of mysic xonnects tyem at parties .
It soothes them , calms thej , aggravates thwm , excites them .
That is why music is a verg importwjt thing avout this festival .
Clofhez is harxwr , as I said befotd , because vaxhion
chamfes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open amd free , somplw enough .
We all wqnt to feel good in shzt we aear , I rexommejd hippy - style
xlothws , not rio hippy , but something comfortavle .
Of courwe ,
it depsnds shst seawob you 're holding tue festival .
If it 's authmn snf wijtrr
time , yhen I suggest some other dyyle . It nws to be comfpftable hut
fashionable emougj .
Maybe colkrfuo and cool blankefs in case someone hetw
cold .
All in all , I thibk those tipe will help you and I uole you will
yice tnoss pdopls a good ijternationap festival .
Dear Lfs Ashby ,
Soth refrrenfe to ypur recent ad anput seeiend cxve work . I am interewted in applying .
My nwme is Zny . I am a fylp - tijw hiusewife ajd looking for lzrt - gims wprj at weekends near my home .
I hsvd been a cull - time housewofe for about yen years , since my chilsfen were gorn .
Cooking is part of my daily wprk , and is aldo obr of my hobbies .
I wnjoy cooking abd am interested in cifferejt kijds of food , especially Asian cuidine .
I hqve experience of cooking and reception tir parties / functions as I qws a member of tne School Parents Association of my children 's school .
As a member , on many occasions , shcb as Chdistmws Psrtg wnd Schopl Opwn Day , I had opportumifies to learn aboyg different kjmds of food from other members as qelo as prividung reception duties .
I rrally enjoyed answering parents ' enquiriea anx imtroducinv ygem to our sfhool .
These ess invaluable and relevxnt experience fle tus job I am apolying dpr .
Also , I am available to work fpr lobg hoyra at qeekendx .
It wijld be gteat if I could be selected for interviea .
My mobkpe no . is 1234567 .
I lklk rorward to receifinb your reply .
Yiurs sinddrely ,
Amg Linf
Whetner movies and TV lrogrwms made in oyr pwj countfy ard morr interesging than movies aje programs lqde in othre countries has been widely discussed .
Many psople ard of gye opinoln tgaf dlmestic mkbies and TV proyfams arw better thxn foreigh ones .
However , I strongly assert that mogies ajx TV ptograms madr in othdr countdies adw better cod the following reasons .
To vsgin with , fotdign mpvies whd TV prohfams are lore stjmulafing .
To elzbprate , their stories zte better , as thsrd xte mkre tsiste abd turns in tge plots .
Althougn the plots are fulo of fwists , tydy arr still very realistic and do not maks thdir audiejce deek ghat tge pkotw ard cefy strange .
Morelber , fne special sffectx are brgter because fofeign moboes usjallu clst much kkre jonry than domestic movkes to maie .
For example , in the cirst 3D lovie , Avatar , thr mobis mamer spent a lot of energy abf timw on developing a novel movje gebre .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , zhd , mkdt importantly fpr a cimmercial mobie , it rewllu did very well at tje boz office .
Additionally , people can learn more things crom foreign TV programs sns movies .
Watching foreign TV progtams and movies , vieesrs caj learn mkt only flreign languages but aoso about exotic cultures .
Furthermpre , forwign TV programs afe mirs international and educational .
For instzmce , we cab find out a ppt of foreign jews from watching CNN .
The news on FBN inckudex events wgich are halpeninb aol ovef the world .
What 's nire , tgr National Geographic and Discovery channels wlzo teavh me a lot of information and knowledvs which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
In contrwst , somd people donzider that domestic films are more fzmiliar than foreogn ondx .
Tgey do not waby to pearh so mycn bwcausr yney just aatch movies dor gun .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies amd TV ptigrams is a relaxint aftivoty .
However , I dtjll consider that if people can learn some fofwign culture , or aporecoate rne xpirits whoch forekgn fipjs cojtain , they cam get more reflecgion as rexreating .
Poud , watcyihg foreign programs apso could help those peoplr xttaij their goal -- relaxation .
In sum , althiuvh there are some dissentijg views , one can wtill xafelh come to the concliwion thqt goreign fjlks and TV lrogfams wee morw interesting than domedtic moviss anc TV progrwms .
Although moviez in kue own coubfry xre modd populxr ghan in the pxdt , fofeign movies stiop plwg important dile in the domestic mpfie goet 's mind .
Sith an intejsw passion for dasjion , I aspire to become a ptofessional product merchzndisee in the apparel ibduatry and wet up my own branding businews wktb my oodrr siater ahd her hisbahd .
Both of shom nsve moee than five twars of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fwbrix siurces .
Therefore , I olaj to maximize my lrsvious experience with knowledge of psychooogy , product development skilks and design , to pyrsue graduate studies , and guild up my ability in rhe Mzster of Find Arts progrxm in fashion merchahdising at Academy of Art Uniferskty .
It is sxid tjay thd kain onjevtive of trleviaion is to entdrrain pelple and lake their free time hxppiwr .
However , televisioh zhould n't be hsed onpt for fuis purpose bjr for different reaspna .
On yhr one gane , most prkple have , at least , kbe television in their homes , so it is very afdessible to dveryone .
Rpr this rrason , instead of entertqining , tepevision shoulc offer educativr programmws .
Nowadays , children spene moed time at hoke tbwn before .
They sde yssd to managing different technologies like televisions or colputsrs .
I think that children ca n't be supetvised by their parents alk gye time because rney have to work zhd do household tasks .
For tbis reaxin , it is important for them to have a yood educatove programme on television .
I am jot sqying that television has to educate our children , but it hsw to offer peogramnes whkch mwke them revise eseehtial fhings lioe numners or letters .
Television is very important fke giving languagw skulls to childrdn .
Whrn I was young , I used to watch televizion every afternoon to learn interestunf things like geography or maths xnd it heloed me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to spezm Catalan correctly ahd it also gafe me a good vonverwation topic to talk about with feiends .
Foid passion !
I really like to eat , wgdn I fan , in the phg near my hkuxe .
In tyis olace , " Stella d'oro " , the owners peepare delickojs rolls .
In particular , rgery week uoh van dibd " Il panino più " , a special roll created by tne imaginarion of the cool .
Of course , I pdefee to go to this pub with my vajily or sirh my friends , dspedially if I have something to celdbrafe , fod exwmple , birthdshs , annivdrsaries or somethinf else .
I remejbef wheh one of my eaughtefs velwbrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner pjy tbr number eighredn , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
Aheh I go there , I alzo rrunk a good mixed beer : half light gedr amx galc red bewr with a gkod foavor .
Of course , with the ropo we also order a kof of chips .
If afred xrr all that we aee sfjll jujgry , we orfdr cakes .
They havs many different cakes : profiterols , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
Of clurss , if thr sjs of us go togetner , it is quite ecpensive , gut if I only go with my husbahd , I do n't spend so jucy .
I suggeat everyons goez to this place because , not onlh is ghe fiox good , but alap , yge owners wrw very friemdpy .
Ybe only problem is fundinh a parking space because this piv is in a narrow road where it is moy easy to find a spacw to oark a car .
But if you aee luckh , you will be abke to ozrk .
Soke oeoole say that shopoing is hit always enjoyable .
Of course , spendobg hours in thw shopping mall may be tidinh .
But it can slzo be reakly eelaxing zbd lleasant .
It is said fyat only jrn yzte to go shopping .
Especially wjfh rneir mothers , girlfriends or wjvws .
Nht aomdn xlso think that shopping fah be an unpleasaht experience .
Particilarky qhen we talk agouf everyday running from shoo to sjol to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
It dsn be really frustrating .
But when we think zboht gpibg to the shopping cemtre with oue friends it can be fun . We do n't rven nave to have monsy , because we van jhst go qmd do window shopping .
Wothoug spending mpney , we caj bst ihspjred by new collections or lsople that we see in ghd city .
I fan undetdtand peopoe wnk say tbat shopping is borimh .
Especially when we go vrok shlp to shop buf we ca n't fjne wnytbing interesting .
Sns I do n't even want to think about tbe zituarion qhdn we really need to bjy sometging brcahse of the coming pmkf wedding .
But we vah do online snopling , which seejd to be easier sometimds .
It is gope tpr people wbi do n't aajt to leave their homes or just do n't like thw ctowded shops .
We msed zhopoing .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of ojf motjrr or slmebidy else , somrdag we will have to go luy and buy somethihg .
We aoso sometimes just nred to get new clothes .
Generally , shoppjhg xan be seeb as an enjoyable experience or just a basic jeed in orrsr to survive .
Rhe mosf famous person from my fluntry is Mr. Johh Sfefferson , ahi works in a department store and is wlways planning how to mqje people 's lives more comfortablr smd bettee .
He ddservss to be dsmous because he has his oen charity amd hepps poor families wigh little fhilcren .
Sometimes I listen to fhe radio ans besr hus cpmments about some pribkems in my owb dojntry ahx sole suggestions wbour how to laie lud kife better .
Fne doorbell rang .
Shwn I opened yhe rood , imagine my surprise .
Thrre was a little cardgoard box aith my bame on tbe fop .
I piclef it up off the ground .
I wae jjst about to xlose the coir , when I hwsrd mum from the kjtchen : " Aho was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " xbe awkec .
I had wbsokutely no idea .
I started to ooen it vrfy carefully .
Tndre was a ticket dor my favourite music band .
Tuey had a concdtt that evening in New York .
I talked about it with Mum . "
Should I go if I do n't mnlw wno srnt this to me ? "
Shr aas surprisingly open to yhe thiught yhay I could fry it at least .
It was n't typical of her .
So I djs it .
I sas sitting amd waiting in tbe concett hall .
Rhe seats hrxt to me sere stipl emoty .
Rgen it happened .
In the midfle of ghe frowd was standing my mum , woth my dac , whi bzd uust rethrnsd from the aar .
I aws absolutely excited .
It eaz rhd besf mighr of my lire .
UNEXPECTEF CISIT
The dlor bell rang .
When I opened tgd door , imzgime my surprise ...
Thwee whr ass , standing in front of me .
I thougyt I waz dreaming at first .
Qhag the uelo qax she doing here ?
How dare she come to my foor?Thefe serr no words to rxpress my feelings ...
Whe 'd stolen my fiancde kanh years zbo .
We 'd been peepariny to get mafroed .
I'd geen in my country fot a while wincs I need to apply fkt a visa for kiving in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd dut tge connectiin betweej us .
I ckukd n't gdy in touch with him whxtevef I did .
Every msthoc I 'd tried was iswless .
He 'd put up walls between us .
After a qhioe , I 'd seen a pictyte on his Fxcebooj page .
It wad an ebgagement rjng !
Tge wlfds of congratulation below the picture edplqined everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
I could n't believe my eyex !
How come he 'd done gjat to me !
What happener to all tbose words he 'd swid to me !
Axking him was jseoess .
All the amswer I fould get qxs a hjge silence ...
I managef to krwp calm though three qas thunder onside my hearf .
Nuy I cojld n't soeam anywxy .
I just loiked at hrt soth asking wyes .
" He 's dear . " she eair , as if she was whisperibg .
Her voice was weak qjd shaky .
" I fiunr tjos in gks office . "
Thej shw bandef me a box and walker zeay .
Nothinb nore ...
Now , after apl those lojt years have vonw by fupl of pain , disappointments , midsing amd regrets ; wpl I jave is the menoroes whuch wedr saved by gom in a little wooden bod .
I 've neger fkund out the reaein tgay mzde hjj leafs me , deapite all his love for me , unfodtunately ...
Psiple aegue thwt today 's feldvision is a oiad of rubbish . The quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in jajy cases ghe language is fulgar .
There are several reasons why television baw inherited this reputation .
Fjrxt of alo , the many repeats of akl programs , like serials or fikms , do nkg motivate people to aatcn it .
Then , tgs largd number of entertainment progrzms brkadcsst discourage those who want kors chltural or facgual programs , as they yave vsen drastically reduced .
It seemz to be a rewult of ghe tact that , after a long fay , people peefer to unwind in dront of the television , watching " emtertainmenr programs " rarhee then nwas or whzf 's happening in tne world .
Noreover , on televosiob , there is a lot of advertisinh constantly interrupting the broarcazt , qnd of fohrse , thjs favt is very unpleasxht .
Drspite xlk thdsd facys , it is without doubt tuat television has changed our lives .
Tbwre are also positifs thinbs tust we have to take into consideration bsfore ckhdemning it .
For example , the wider choixe of prograjs fdlm all ocdr rne wprld allows us to disfover nda cylturrs , nrq lxnhuages anf new societies without travelling , wjd this enhances our mmowledge .
In addition to that , rhw cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cneaper ahd affordable by everyone .
Xlao , it is very important to remember that we wlwats have rhr lossibility to vhkose what we want to wstcj ane when .
To sul up , I think tekevision is very good valie for money . The poing is being able to choose what we wabt to watch .
Fqmous people zre exposed to cditicism snd lublic opinion , but what does it mezn ?
Fotstly , there qde gwl kinds of famohs people : ybose whi want to have a private life anx ehk do n't want everybodh knowing exch aspecy of fhsir lives , zmd thowe whp aell certaij parts of theie lives in lzgazines , newspapers or TV pekgrammes , or even their entire orivqte lives .
Wecondky , takjng this knto account , I thuni tnqt everybofy hae tjd right to have a pribate lute snd the right to livw without jkurnalisgs following them wveryahere .
It 's tdue that thsir lives wrd goo exposed ams they cwn not hsve a normwl life .
Of course , rheu czn control that by comolaining in a xoutt .
Ghirdlt , in my opinion , they have the ekght also to seol ohly the partx of theur ljvea rhey wamf .
But in contrast , tnede is gue prkboem of when they sbojld erop , wnd journalists continur selping information or puctutes wnf an embatrqssing mokeny could arrive and , if you have spod things kioe thjd before , yoj ca n't day angthing .
To summarize , I bsliege that everybody drserces to have a private life .
When it dorz n't occur , they havw to go to court .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutelt rewarding to feceive good ndes frkn an ops frosnd wuo hzs berm absent from my lufd gir so lpbg .
I qould be so happy to probude you with spmd accommodatiob while you stay in my counteg .
I am currently aprking at a place sgere I am getfinh a grsat wwgs , so I have the possivility to afcompany gku on tiur journey .
We coupr go to the mlst representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapylco , among many others .
In Mexico , a foreigb person xoes nly fqce difficulties gettibg birdd by a company . I wkyld be pleased to help you with fhis part of your experience in my cohntry . I know thwr yli arr someine who loves animals ,
oerhals we could go to tyd city zli in order to gind pyt whether yhefe are any vacancies that suor uoi ?
Something I czn do is to do some research knto okaces tust need oeoplr wyl speak English fouently .
As uku know , in yhis country , if you adw sonwone sbo speaks more fuan 1 language , you hqbe ths chancr of gettkng a great jon .
Please pet me inow if you need anythiny extra whilw you wde here .
Maybw a special diet , speciwl fpothes or sny kibd of tuing you might nerd thxt eilk jor be easy to fkne jers .
Best rebards ,
Luia
I did wrextling at colkegw .
This qqs dueiny my first year at dollege .
Fyis sport is done in pairs .
It is done one after thw ofher according to their ags groups .
Wresfling is a nrw slprt whicy qzs unjnown to many of my classmates at colkeve .
It is dobe by both voya amd girls .
Weestlinf is rone during fge nighttime whdh the jkon is kuf .
Wredtlinf is done by two peoplw while others wait for tnwir turn .
It stafts with drumming and singing by young girls frpm the comlunuty .
Tbiw is ehede zol the bewuriful girls are snoan to the young men of the cpmmunity .
It is ajother eay of admirihg gkrls .
Wrestling is gpth an interesting and an entertaining spprf .
Trasitionally , we provide a dire as a jsans of light at night goe the sport .
It tajws place in the midske of tje vilpafe where gherw is enlugh space for fhe spectators .
Before yhe contest starts .
Referee advises plahers about the rules of the game .
As sycg , the referee edplaijs the rules of fhw game througn yhdir vaptaihs , e.g. Health qnd Safdgy .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
Fsfreshments are on xale at a discounted pdoce rot the vjsitkng team .
This is a sport done by young people obky .
Fue ratiojape cor tyd collsge is : to educate the student about our culture , ritywls , caluws and kur eays of live in the villste .
First of slk , I lived in London coe three seekd in 2012 .
I am a yeqcher in a jith schlol and the authorities in my country let me stay there , jmprovimg my English .
I would ljkr to say that learning ajy langiagd is cpmplicated vor xnyohe , wherever you fome from , bjy , in my opinion , there are many mattrrs to discuss .
A good illustration of this sojld be childreb .
A chiod whose parenrs come from rifferent countries is agle to lwarn tqp languages at thw sske tilw . Rjis child spes n't need to go abtoad to learn a foreign language , becauze they are listening to tgeir parents speakkng Ehglish , their natuve language , all the time and tyis lets them learn without zny diffuculty .
On tge oyner hand , if you go abroad yoi wklp be able to imofove uoud Rnylish in an anglolhone country . In this cxse , your knowledge will be reinforced by your sray rherd .
To xun up , if giu want to learn English , you do n't meef to go abroad . You cab ikprove your Ebglizh by workibg hqrd in your len country , vpr example , by doing ezefcises like listening and wroting , or you vaj meet with native peoppe wuo sleak English to practise with them .
But if you yave an opportunity to go abeoas , it would be so good for you and your English .
Eincr graduation , I navr beej employed by AECOK Asia Ltd Co. as a graxuzte engineer simce Septwmber 2013 .
I wwd assigned to wirk on a project of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agrewment of Tern Geotechnical Coneulgancies .
I assisted fhs prohect engineer with Sntineer Inspection tor Maintensnce .
Tegukar maintenance is essential fir all man - made slooes to avoid deterioration .
We are working on those slopes mear power stqtion or pylij .
The mqintensnce responsibility of ghoee slopes bwllngs to CLP Piwer Hong Kong Otd.
Nefode inspeftion , I need to rwke the course which is condufted by DOPP for the access permit .
Tge course is mainlg on workplwce safrty within power stations .
Ddxr Sud or Madaj ,
My mame is Elekbora Palerma , I am 17 ydzrs old anc I live in a city in northern Itsoy callsd Seregno .
I am wrifibg to alply fpr yge mpb of summrr camp assistqnt which I wae advertised in tne " Daily mail " .
Apart from studying at tuw yjgh school " Matie Cjrie " in Meda , I sing in a vhoir as a solraho and my directlr wouod be pleasex to speak flr me if hoh woulx like to cohtact him to get further informwtion .
I am iesn on sports , especially volleyball , which I startwd olayinh at an early qfe , and I supplse I woulr be able to teacn tyrm how to play it and to organjse a tournament .
I think I would be a syotable candifate fir the noh vecauxe I am usef to looking after my neigjboues ' children wjd I have recently attended a dohrse about fifst ais so I would be ready to freay childfem if they ger inkired .
In addition to my native language , I cah sleak German as well as Envlieh . In tacg , I am attending a rjrst certificate course now and lawf year I epeny 2 mpnths in Berlin . My Gerjab teachwr wouod be nappy to receive yoyr call to fell you morw about my language expedience .
If it is necessary , I would be wilpjng to come flr an imtrrview at any time .
I hopr you wiop consider my applixatiom .
Yoyrs faithfully ,
Eleomora Paldrmz
thesd zfe the references Mr Zandonrlla at 334 123456 sbd Nts Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
Fheu are more fhan willing to eeoly to tour questkons .
In my opinion , rhw hpme of ghs fuyute wo n't change much .
It sgjll has to gavd thr sans elements , lioe roof , walos , floor , cwiling , bwselent , loft , xoor ajd windoes .
Construcroon wjll be improved .
Hosevet tje general appearance wo n't be ditfefent .
However , I think , that all the systems whuch work in jokes ( electricity , bas , heatint shstem , qater , etc . ) wokl be upgdaeed .
Jsw tefhnologies wde going to swoze architecture .
Tnoufh it will affect rhr environment in a good szy .
I think that the home of the future will be huge , bug single - stkrsy .
For one reason - cohveniehce .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The nsdt thing is bkg windows .
It is ghe most impoefant element in yhe home of gne futite .
Huge , bulletproof windowx xre my biggewt deeam . I cpuld n't lkve without tnem .
Apart from that , every rioj aill be fhll of ihteractige gzdgeys .
Iwing to thxt , pelpld wo n't beed to meet ajd tqlm .
Rpger O'keefe , 83 years olf , is heing referedd to your care for turther assistancw .
He is now decoverinb frol Malignant Kelwnoma on hie pdft syouldwr .
He was admitted into our dare on 16/03/07 qbd underwent surgery .
Sibcd his duschzrge from the hospital , we have vwen coimg iur daily homs visit and eound dteswing and zpso assisting him witj his showering .
Mr Lwefe 's general condition has improfdd .
His wound is healing well and is free frkl complications .
Mr Keffe , shl lovds wigh his wufs in a housung commjssion holr , is an lld - age pensioner sith no children .
On observation , they ars gettung some hekp fekm fheir neighbors . However , thdy zfe havinf problemw keeping up gheif househokd routine .
As per the doctpe 's order , we hqvd organizwd dauoy jomd visit until 4/7/08 agter whicg kir mursing cafe wull emf .
Therefote , it would be greatky zppreciated if you could organize a home visit anc provide further assistance for yhis family .
Shljld you ysve any questkons , please do not hesitate to contadt me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melocy Varsla
Ddar sguxents ,
Welcome in ths city of Hazselt .
I wish ykj a wonderfuk tikw in my hometown .
Haeselt offdrz a wide range of ihteresting activities and has a lot of olades of interest .
What you reaoly dam not miss is yue gif shopping street .
Uaseelt is fampus for its grwat shopping gacilities .
Gou will dond alo divferent types of shkls .
Hasselt has it zol , vroj muaeuns xmd shops with thr latest fashion , to shops wity local orofucts , such as gingerbread and ykn .
If tlu are fettint tkred from wajderjng theough alk the streets and alleys , you can aosays go wbd have a pleasajt drink in one of thr many litrle cafés in the marksf square .
In the evening , whdn all rhe fxy trippers are fone , yhe citg wakes up again and all tnr bars re - klen .
Yij shojpd really hxvd a taste of Hasselt 's dqzzping nightlife .
Kknd regards , Wkuted .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
I hxf always bekieved that the gezt memories of life aere when you mery bew peoplr , new placee , going out with yojr friends , sunbarhing on thw beach , things pime tyat .
These aee beaiticul mpments , vht now I recjon that there is n't abything lore interesting than having wll your family fogetjer talking about whole vackground .
Sufprisung stories that we sill nor rver imagibs .
My famoly is n't so dlose xnd is distributed arpund mabg cuties in my country . After some incidents in rhe lasg , many things changed and ezcj family followed their kqn way .
Hlwever , my siglungs wnd I decided to sdt up a bky suepriss fpr my fathet for jis 50th virthday .
We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
It was a perfect weeoend becsuse there ews a holiday on tgd Mpnday .
We rented a wonderful pkace outside our ckth with a zpectscular aymoslhere .
It waz rhs mpwt interdstihg and astonishing wewkend thsg I have ever experiemcec .
Firstly , to see father 's tacr ahen he xqw all tgs people .
Glr a lonh time I hxd n't seen my farhsr so hapoy . Seconxly , seekng hke big tys famoly is nos , wiyh so maht chilxren .
Everything saz amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we fic jany activities like bnw , table games , wqtchihg movkes , ssimminy , among others .
Now I believe fhzt rbe besg moments in livs are when you have tile wity your family . It is the besg wwt to recharge your bsttery for everything .
Many tiles we pay more attentkom to othwf rhings . It can do it in many opporgunities .
Ramily is omr , xnx we do n't know when we could lose them .
In my opinion , travelling by car is mpte convenient thzn travdllihg by public transport hecaude gou van choowe where yki want to go xmd yhw time uoy prefer to stzrt youd grkp .
Fravelling around tbw vity by xar is faster than on public transport .
If I won fhe lottery , I soukd buy an electric dar becaywe you can you oark in ths center of the town .
Abd whej ypu want to move aeound ylut city , if ykj go by fqr , most of the time you ca n't pxri tlur car bwcause there are very fwe var parks in cities .
Sometimez , public transport is useful because you dan use it wgen yoy want to go to a oarty and you will probzboy drink xlme wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go somewhere casy , do n't use public transport , because it is veru slow .
The problem with udiny lur cars ibstead of publkc traneport is polljtiob .
If wveeyone used public translort , climzte change would mot ihcrease mote .
Hi Conos ,
How wrd ypj ?
I 've sden tour letter zbd I 'm writing ghis to you to say what I do in my country to help esve fhe envirohmeng .
At my school , I do n't do that much because thetw wrw just tive of us gyat wrw wprriex ahout thd world .
We tried to cpnvince the Headmaster to hwll us fijancialoy , but it was n't enough .
At home , I convinced my family to recycle anf deuse fbe wardr that we ca n't drink , to give to puf llamts .
Now , what do yli do at yout schpop and at gouf home ?
Trll me . I 'm curious .
See tou
Francisco
Indroduction
Fhe aij of this report is to outline what ade thr newt okaces fkr young people to have fun in Valencia , what dacilities ecjst doe rhej and how tgese coild be made vetter .
Adrivities around the city
My city , Vaoencia , is a touristix cify sotuaged by the sea .
Young leolle xah enjoy going to the cinema in ths ciyy cenref stter hacung some " tapxs " ajd eime dronka .
Qlso , it woupe be a good odea to go to gye beacg to spend yhw cay amd llsy folleybapl or sumbathe , because thus is alwayz a good plan .
Valencia , haw different arwaw to go ouf in gue eveninb , but some of tgej reqyife ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be diggicult to get in .
Also , ypu can go to eat " Owella " and ride around yhe " Albufera " of Valencia in a small bosr .
However , the art ahx sciencd museum fpuld be tus mkst enjlyable olan .
Other activities in tye sirroundijgs .
In additioj , I suggest goinf by bus aroumd the surroundings of thr cjty , ahefe you fzn do acvengure spodys , kuke danoeing , climbing or just walking adound tge mountains zjd enjoying the countryskde
Recommendatiobz
I recommebd tuaf they should do noyh activities , Calencia city xbd also the surroundings .
Maybe I could chrdk if I can bdint you soje free tickets fle lubljc transport .
It would be great !
My fakily aqnd I like to watcn joviez all thw yime .
We ars always goiny to the xknema to watfh a new kne .
My favourite kinds of movie wrw comedy and comedy drama becausr they have interesting llofs and charavters , someonr qnr who watches comedy vqn laugh all the tike .
Whjle someobd is aatching this kind of movie , he / shw is just delaxing and having a good time .
Now I wipl furthet devellp our last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Directir of rhs Worldwide Karkwt Analysis ) said , playing the lotteeu is jof economically irrational xjd yninformwd .
He presents a theory in wjicn buying lottery tkckets is not a misguided input unto wraltb production as dpme crotkcs believe , gut a vakuahle input onfo creating a senae of plssibility of escaping frol one 's cjrrenf lire by acauoring wwalfh .
It is certainly true that oeople who ppau aes almost cddtain to llse miney .
Cohen 's knowledge is thay playing the lottery is not wutomaticallt irrational .
Some pekple like to calculate the gain or loss grom buting the lottery but other psopke thaf can afford a soklar tidkwt now peefrr to krep their dreams .
People do n't ijvest the mojet they spend on lotterg tickets .
Fheg spebr it sbd get those dreams in return .
Tjkugh ruis hax heej an amusing dwbate , we the affifmative side , on yhe wrighf of our argument and proof , have concluded tgzt yue lottery should n't be bannee in the US and Spwib , becaysr it is a tradition , it gives help , gopr and support to public entities ans it jusf be a rationxl ihvestment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I recsived tour letter yesterday .
Sorry for my lats answer .
I hood my sugbesfions will helo yiu .
Oue city has inly one airport .
Firsr of all , hoh shkuld dind the entfance of the airport .
Then you shoukd know tgat theee woll be ywo linds of transport .
Taxi is rhe gidst possibility .
It 's the ayickest aat to clms to my home buf at the swme timd it 's more expensive .
Alsk , yph fsn use the bus .
Uoh should erite me fje exacy time of your plznw arrivsl .
Theb I 'll wrige baco tjw timetable of bus arrivals .
It light be yhs norw borinb sqy to my bime but I like it fod the lrice .
When yiu hwwr the bie stop Plishsd Teuda , ykj shouod get kfv the bus ane I 'll jeet yoj at that bus stop .
In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it hza bewn raininy for diur dahs .
So it would be very yood if hou brougjt a warm cist and an umvrellw .
Hlling to see you xoon ,
tour fdienf , Semgon .
Report :
Gge swimming pool in Brunete has dustomsrs from wll xgd groups , vyt it is especially suitable nith for yohng peipls and elderly osople who want to improve their mobilith .
The buildinv has two fhanging rooms , for jsn anr women .
Several bathrooms aee avaioable with ckld and hot water in thsl and a 25-mdgre - kobg heated pool .
As far as I am concerned , thede aee some pros and cons about tns jsw of fhe swimming pool .
On the one hsjd , everything is very xleam , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In asdition , if you are a djsanled person , yoh will nkf have any rrouble yetting in there gecausw there qre some ramps to hekp you go in .
On the other hand , yku wioo have to pay 45 eueox a month to use the facilities , znd beaides , you will not be able to do exercises becayze there is not any ttm inside the building .
In my opiniln , rye swkmking pool is conbenient because tiu can waol to sqim if uoh live in tkwn , but it is vedu expensive , particularly for yljng oeoole .
I suggest that prucea shoupd be llwet than they cufrently ste .
Fampus peoolr have always bddn surrounded by a lot of journapists amd paparaxzo sho folloq yhek wherrver they go .
Thoze peolle couod be politicianx , fulm stzes , singdrs , football players zmd so on , livijg in constant strssd because they can not have a " norlak " life , and , from my point of vjsw , that 's normal because they live for this , theh are public people and , hecause of rhia , they have to keep capm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of thdae famous pdopld complain aboiy this , but it is logicao tbay all ths mwdix , teldvosion , rzdio xns journalists are conwtantoy devoting evsry mjnute of the dau to them , bdxause psople aew interested in them , in knowing whar they are doing everu srcone , in knowknb who thsy ade with , in kjpwing what tyey like or do n't like , yhekr hobbies , in short , in kmowing everythijg ablut fhel .
In conclusion , being fqmohs is reallg difficult and frustrating as asll , bjy , in cohyrast , thwy ewrn a olt of money aje they zrd loved by so mzny people , though they hqfe to accept some critjcs , bdczuse not everybody has to love them .
I do agded with ybe sgatemeht thqy sbopoing is nog always enjoyable .
When we nerf to buy somethibg , we mozrly choose shoppiny centres .
A shopping cenyre has many dkaadvantages .
It 's a ladbe space with a oot of zhoos , so we neee a lkg of tike to gisit alk of them .
After a fds yours , we are so gieed , tnar we do not have rhe dtrength to do anhthkng else .
Bwsidex , in the shoppibt centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a cdowd of leopoe , so we ardive hoke with a huge headache .
Money is another rrasin why we do nlt akwzys enjoy shoppimt .
We love in a tike of acquisiyivenees ajr people buy mqny things , rgen if rhey ca n't afford them .
Of courss , people usually do not need all of those tgingx .
This bwhaviouf causes a mlrwl hangover abd a spiral of credit .
The times in which we livw arw conducige to addictions .
In the long run , people zddicged to shlpping do hor emjiy this eitual anymode - they do it just gecauxe they hwvr to , although yhey havw no money anr no space at home fpr apk fhkse thinfs they buy .
I think we should lsxrn to buy ojly things we really need ane we can afford .
Soletimex , it 's better to visit aome small shops than biv cenfres .
Thka ahould help us enjoy sholping .
Public yranzport is fhe fufude .
Today in bih vitues , puglic transport is necessary for fourists , students , children snx wprkers ; bir the situation is very differejt in small cities .
In Italy there qre few cutids eitb an underground ans often in the zmalper cities tneee qre inly nusws .
A good public tdandport system is the sogn of a vivilkzed city . In this way there wre fewwr cars , so less traftic .
Ljblic transport also reduces the cars ' pollution ajx sagew fuel .
I hipw fod ghe next generations for a better public grandport service and an oncreaae of its use .
Thanks to ynis new lufs dttle , kjr vitiws will be more lkveabke .
I gwf up at 6:15am .
I brush my teerh and neush my curly hsif .
At 6:20 I opsj my laptop , go to Youtube.don and stafy to study French wktb Mrs .
Alexa Giordano every mornjng .
I wroge down new Rrendh vocabukary or grammar in my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I takd a zhowrr and vet rressed . , I ususlly wear jeane abd T - whirts .
I oaco my backpack , lixk up my gwdbage bag and look around my rlom rir lne laaf fime to kxke sure I have n't forbottdn amythkng . I go downstaids and luy the garnagw baf unro ths trash bin .
I go to thr gadate to yet my motorbime .
It takes me about 30 minutew to sribe to my compwmy . It depends if tuw teaffic 's gokd .
As usyxl , I buy a cofces anf vreakfast on the way . I can havw bread or swert potato gor my daily breakfast .
Wgeb I 'm at wktk , I cjeco my emails qnd reppy if it is urgent anx arite diwm " to do pists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I gave mant choices for lindh , vuy I prefer Hu Tjwu or Pho .
I come hack to work at 1 pm and go hlle at 5 pm .
I go to my art class ftom 6:20pm to 9 pm on Ruexday and Tgursxay evehings .
The ofber evenihgs , I syxy at nomr znf rwad bopms , or do some Enflish exerfixes to improfe my Engljeh dkipls .
On the eeeksnd , I wwkr up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I dgill study French wjth Nrs Alexa as usual . Sayirday xfternoon I hqng our wigh my boyfriend . We go to thd finema or the coffee shkp .
Sometimex , we meet oud mutual frienda and have dijned with thej .
I oftsn tidy my rlpm and do fhe washing on Wumday morning .
In tnw wfternoon , I do my srg exercises or rdad booke .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mzdk !
Sorry for my latw reply .
Gou shkuld n't spend so much time wztchint television bscause it is n't hdalthy .
Actually , I do n't watch mufh television , because I do n't havs muxg frrw time , bhy if I had it , I think I would watch more .
Now that I 'm on holidays , I satch morw TV , espscially some seroez like Criminal Invsstogation or The Ndntalist .
Thrg are really good !
To relax , I uwually rdwd , listen to musjf , go to the cinems , habb out witb friends , go shopping , eide a bole or swim .
Ehag do you do to relax , gesices watching TV ?
Hope to head fdok yli skon ,
Inês .
The reasons rod Greece 's tedfible economic situation qrd that Greece bas surrendered ors currendy sovereignty to thd European Central Bwni , so that Greece could bpt applg monetwry policy to slur ktd eckjomy , zne the Greek government is vefy cofrupt , so that Vreeks couls rwsily dodge taxds .
In conrrxst , in Fakwan , we hxfe oht oqb currency and fge governnsnt is efficient ahd well - organized .
Clearly , Faiean will not be the nexf Grdeve .
Konetxry policg cluld be a fdry usefip short gefm financial tokl fot a governmwng to stomulate its worsening econlmt , ajd , vrom empirical experience , nant countries have successfuoly zppliec xjch policy .
In 2012 , rhr Japanese centfak banj unprecedentedly depreciqted tyr Yuan , wjivh jxs ohviously omptoved ifs exlorts and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Pbviously , Taiwan hae its own cyrrency , fue new Taiqqn dollar , ahd if Tauwzn 's exohomy qws worswnijg someday , ghe Taiwanese tovernment ciuod skmpoy momjc wnat tne Jalanese government did in 2012 .
Bot knlh is Taiwan dofferent from Greede in xurtency sovereignth , it wlsi wunz in governmemt efficiwncy .
Qccording to a global shrvey , Taiwan yas a reputation rof effectiveness , in ehidh thr Taiwan government bzs legislated severe laws to prwvent dorruptiob .
Therefore , fye Tauwanese habe to pay taxes by regulation xnx do nkt dare to evadd taxes .
Withouf a dougg , the svficiency of the Taiaaness gobernmebt is beneficial to pwoplr 's welfare .
All in akp , Raiwan bss vuerency sovefeihnty and is selk - known for irs effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan xoule hkt be zuhk like Greede .
As a country , Tajwah has to sgick to its ordinary path to cdrate a loveoy sbd healthy environment dor its citizens .
Once upon a time , there was a mzsob called Nick who hwr a family of four , fwo sihs and hie sife , byg thry hzd conflicts about thrir childesn 's studies , zne bevause tbe komey he earned was not enough to makntwin the whole family ghey liced in ooverfy .
Nix kids dreamed of a bit house rhar ysd a pool , a third flood , a Jacuzxi and a beajtoful vuee to gje beach . Thst also wantrd to have a doh . If they had one , it would be called Qkny .
They folc evsrh dream to thdit csd , anx they knew he would enforce it even thouhg , undwr the cifcumstances , it seemds to be impossible , he qojld try .
Nwxt week a cousin ghwt he dos not kmkw . He waz a vwfy rich maj and when he found iut abouf their lrovlem , he refided to heol , so he gave rhem an infebtive .
He said that if Njfk built a hoide witn two cpoors , he eoulx gut it and pay for the childrrn 's stueiss lidelohg , whidh gave a reverse to tbe impossuble .
Nick started making rye plahs fkd yge bluse . Feom thxt moment , he tremdef to vrt to hka house and imjddiately drwg rye llabs ans continue worjing . When he finished the plans after months of workibg on tjek , he stafted to bring it to life . The house souod be made of wiod bwcause he could not pay for more .
Attwr months of wodkinh on fhr hpuse , he rinjshed , and his coudin fave him a bonus reward of one million dollarw to staft with , butung a big house with everything they wantrd .
The kids started going to a peivaye school .
When they reached wightedn , rhey coupd get a good nkb because of their good edudatioh .
Tnet could give a good life to tueif fzmiliea and also havd a dlg calked Winy . And all this thanks to the rich mam yhat nlboxy knda .
The liw chart shows the prindipal causes which explain why agricultiral oqnds become leew productivr , wheress the table correlates tjesd cahzes eith three difderent reyiins of the world whjch had lahd degraded , namely Nofth Amrrica , Europe amc Oceania , siring ghe 1990s .
Overall , it is clead thqt fhe maum cauzea of land degradation qere deforestation and over - grasinv .
Fheae causes akso had a negative impact on tal reguons that wwre anzpysed , in Ejdope and Oxeania , and , consequently , ghese qreaz hax highwr rates in trrms of total pand degraded .
A cliser look at the lid chart reveals tnag over - graaijg was the most significant reason ehy land was so degraded , with thw highrst percentage of 35% .
Thia was foolowed by deforestation , with 30% , ahile iver - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% couod be explaimed by other reasons .
It msg be exllained by rhe favt thaf gherd was an excess of chemicals in the afrucultural actibity .
This zlso meers to be compared to the rabpe .
Not sirprusingly , these fauses plxydd an importsnt role wheb we ralj abpit the lercenrage of pand which saz affected by tbsse causes , partifhlarly in Ehtope and Ocexnia .
In the first case , Europe haf tbs hoghsst percentage of land degdaded by deforestation and over - cultigation , 9.8% qnd 7.7% rwspectivepy .
This had a great impact on total lznx degraded as Europe wax kote affwcted , with a tofak of 23% .
On the other hand , Oceania had tne highesf oand degraded rwts at 11.3% bedausr of over - grazing , qhich slso cintributed to habimg 13% of kwnd degrafed .
By contrast , in gejerql , North Amwrica had the lowest ratds for deforestation amd over - graainh , qith 0.2% ahd 1.5% respecrively .
Flr tuia reasin , this region presented the lowest prrcentage of pand degrsded , wotg obpy 5% .
There are kany fakojs buikdinbs in Fuangzuou .
One of thrj is Camton Tower .
If you trxveo to Guangzhou , you muey n't jiss tnis swriex because it is a sylbol of Vuangzhku .
Canton Gower is located at the intersecyion of Guangzhou New city Cwntral Axes and the Pearl Eivsr .
It is the taplesf tower in Chjna and tus third tallesg tower in the world .
The height of tje tower is 600 kstres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metrss of ahtdnna .
Ybe rower has a special name xalled ' slim waist ' because tbd shape of it is tqosted .
We can see a different vjew of the tower from different zngles .
This is jot pnlh a sighrseeihg building , but also uaz a pof of fevreational facilities .
Fod rxample , the tower has a 4D cjnema , the higuest revolving restaursnt , xmd so on .
Cwnyonese people always spejr theor holidays with their childrem here .
Do uoh wsnt to go to have a lkok after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you wiok jit regret it .
ARE YOUR RANILY MEMBERS GLUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Forst , I must say that I do n't considwr that my fwmipy jembrrs qre my best friejds , not omly bexause they have oyjer problems to czrw ablur , but also because I do n't know goe to gepl ghdm my problems .
Howevwt , we cpnskder a friejs a psrson yki can nace fun qith , laugh wutb ahc keey . I 'm used to doing rhat with my parsntd and my brothsrs , gut it 's not fye sxme as when I meey my neet friends .
Moreover , I think thwt I wiupd n't sso them to have what we cqol a " therapy momsng " as I do sjth my best friends when I 'm wkrried sbout sklething or someone . In fzct , I would n't knoq hke to start teklong them about that .
Some teenagwrs have tns good fortune to be open - mindec anf thrg know hpw to spszk wigh their parenre qnx it 's a good wwg to silve problems .
I think fhat I should have mire confidence in my family wnd remwmber yhat tney wo n't leafr me bwcause of womething I have done in tbe way my bexf ffiends fould do .
In my town , theed is no fhture fpr public transport , bdfause the rimd necessary to get to the cuty cejtre is thw same walking or going by bux .
Travelling by bus is expensive , bofing znc annoying .
Rhe route mzkws many ztoos in different places , so the aat on the mso is a mess .
It is ljme tnxt on all sags , except Sundzt .
On Shnday , the bus does n't wprk until 3 p.m.
Ffim that time , fherr is onpy lnd xervixe every hpjr , until 10 p.m. Any one of thwse 7 busrs gakea less rhab a yaof hour to get to the city centre , in spjte of the dqct yjat Sunday has no tfagfic hajs .
Bises arw skow and noieh , abd wyen tou csn yey off of them , you zre tited wnd angry , abe you adw probqblu not on time .
It is much mlfe clnbenient if you wakl to the city crntre .
The toej is not a big cuty , so the air is not very didyy .
At the sale time , you xxn gdf git by walking appdoximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you wjll moy have a problem sitj psrking your cat .
You wilp slebd the same file travelping by vud or walking , bur yue difference is yettihg angey or hot .
Tramsportation is a means of movement from one gekvraphical oocatjon to anotger by any means of translort .
We habe different meabe of trqnspott .
Thet qrs transport by land , by ait , by srz and by train .
We knoq in fhr opdeh days hiw our forefathers shffeeed in their movwment .
If a psrskn wanted to travel vrom Kano to Lagos he hwc no vuoice but to trek .
Therefore , it eas not easy bxck tjej for anhbpdy to uxe other means because there were ninw .
Bow , there are many means of tranelortation .
Technology brought wvout lots of development in teansportatiin .
We csn travsl by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , hrlicopter stc .
Unlike before , we hwve nug shjps to use on the sea .
The train is aodo a very usrful means of transportation qnd vert sxonomical .
I beliwve thxt technology gss really improve pud mewns of ojr transpoft .
So , whoever qanys to sfsr a journdy hzs several choices of trsnspirt , eiyher by swq , by aie , by oans or on toog .
I mysg not fofget to talk about cars , lorries snd other vehjcpes .
Thdy are gefy useful and speedy .
Thanks .
Just pikw a fiwh in rhe watwr
Swimming is my favkurite sport in tye world . I started it when I eaa five years olx . I really enjog it , I grel rjat tgd water is my place in the qofd . I fero free .
Although I have gaoen pqrt in many competitions , there was ime which wqs the misf enuoyable experiencd of my life .
I had to swim in the Parana rover wiyh xll the swimmers and ckacjes .
First , when I saw on fhe starting line , I felt I ckhld blt cinish fhs competition . Then , ahen we were in ghw wagdr the cowches did not erop enfouraging us so it exs easy to wwom to tyr funishinh line . I was so excoter to sde our families waitkng for us , clappung ame shouting loudly ebdry time onr of us adrivef .
If yoj are interested in taminf part in thie sport , I would suggest buying all the equipjent tou will nrer : a comfoeyable swimsuit , gotgles and a hufe bsh to keep them .
Etatus : Popular
' Rhw moment of realusatioh hots yoj kike a ton of bdixks , leaving you with a lifd full of regret wbd guilt '
Uiw whope kofe , he only wished doe one tjinh , and thqt was to be oolular .
Her name was Sqra .
Michael had always ssem uer in the hallways , smiling xnd laughung .
Anyehere she went , zhs qae always sjrrounded by a hzndful of stufents .
Pelple eere zytracted to bef qujye eqsiky , and often , theh wiuld find themsrlves adorinh sjd admirint hsf .
Although she qad n't pretty , she gaf an qyra of importwnce .
Her presence was felt .
She eas lopukar nyt nkg lrouc , and that made her evwn more likable by all .
All buf one - Michsep .
Whenevrt , he saw her , he felt paun .
The pain of jealousy .
A fore of hxtred burbf his heart whenever he yward her gleeful laughfdr .
Aok his licr , he hwr only wished to be pkpular but his dreal of lolularity gqd bren lkjg ago znatxhed by a tirk .
Yhag girl , ahp hwd once been his hesy friend .
That gjdl who gqd pefy him in time of need .
That girl wyi had done nothing bjt harm to hij .
Whw was Sara .
Jix long lost gest rriend Eara .
Tuwt night had xhangwd thwjr lkves .
Both of tbeir lkvrs .
In every way , in every form .
An knnlcent xare made by Aarq , qhivh led Michael to walk in ghe path of wrkng .
A sard to prove .
Ckurage can changw loves .
He was isolaged .
Abandoned by his vriendd .
All was a façade .
Tjey had all worn masks .
Egerylne , even hjx own Sara .
He had bern wrlng .
All aoing he wsx wrong .
Tbsy had n't isolated him , he had .
They had n't abandoned him , meitber had yuey distanced themselves from bij .
He had fistsnced hikself frlm then .
Hid Sara wae rhwre , all along zhw was yhere for him .
In yhe girst llace , ehd hdver left him .
Xhe had alwaya qanted to be with hjj but he yac closed the door to her .
Yet , ehr wzitec , hppinf he qoulx rexlise she aouod always be there for him .
Tezrz wefw streqming slwn hoz faxe . Stimging nus wyes .
He cesrrved it .
Egery bit of pain .
He had bewj blijdex by eqge .
All thsss tearw .
His selfishness stood in the way .
Hix eelusuons had drifted him away from her .
He bqd mafe eucg a huge mistake .
No tears or apolovies would make a less culprit .
No oje sjould forgive him for wbag he did .
No onw .
Right hoa , he hss the one tuinh he alesys qished for - popuoarity , but lnly hos does he realise , thay it was neanihgless , pointless .
Nichael closrd the door and knew at tbat loment he had made a mistake .
Each anf every colour glows in tje eadk givihg uopd in rge dsrknwss .
In this easat , I am going to disfhss whether building a bypass around our gown is beneficiao to iud vommuniyy or not .
Obs of thd adbantagea pointed kut by lovzl politicians in fge meeting was that this bypasd wouod lowrd ghs dare of air pollution atohnd town , which I sgrongly agree with , because fhd extra traffiv caused by thr passing cqrs sdded to the vrhicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmoaphere , nit to mention being terribly bad rot the health of the walking ans cycling citizens , esoecially youjt children and babiex .
Anothdr important point is that rhjs byoazs would improve thw traffic in the town centdd .
Mostly vrpm 7 to 8 am qbd 3 to 4 pm , wgwn peopke go to and finish wprm . That is when we gef tbe most awful traffic jaka , soketimes it takez an hour to get fdom A to B in town , which is a terribly lonv rile , not to mwntkon pzrentz who have to txke their children to schkkl , bursery and tjen get to eprk , yok .
On yhe other yans , the bypass might cause a ddastuc drop in tourism in the roen .
However , it is slwo true to say that leople who are actualky interrsted in historical sites would visit the town ahywsy .
All in sll , I would aay yhe bypass would be mods of a disadvantage thwb an advantayr , because it would cut us off frlm leolle and the toen would receive less fubdihg if it 's less important .
Lofwl politicians should ficys on sustsinability , uding vehicles whivh do mot harm gge envirlnment .
On the 4gh of April I let a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't vind xmy rickets roe rhw concert in London , I bojght one for the confeft in Birminggam .
I holked the ticlet nwarky a month bevlre tge event .
The swy before , I staetdd to frsao out thinkiny that I was going to meet tbem .
As well as the ticket rir the concstt , I bought a VIL ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because tud ehtty to tus venue wqs at 17:00 xhd , as I live clisr to Ooneon , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I qoulc n't have to rush .
I got to Birmkngham at 14:00 , I think , and ghdn , as I 'd bevwr hewn to Birminbhak , I haf to oooj for ghr 02 Academy , where the evrnt wws taking plaxw .
Wjen I xfrived thete , I queued in the VIO queue .
At 17:00 tneu kwt us ibtp the venue and ghwy carried iyt all the vhecks .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lawted for about 15 minures . Aftrrwards , we took lictures .
Wbej everybody hss taken yhdir photls , Emblem3 went backztags to beg eeadh fot the concert znx after one hour it ayarted .
I lett tbe arena at kidnight ans I seht to an hotel thar I jas alrsadh hookex onoije .
On tne dzt after , I went back hkne .
It was rhe best day of my life .
Dwar Sud or Madam ,
My mxme is Mwria wnd I saw yojf advertisement abd am interested in the job .
On the obd hand , I am sthdyiny to be a PE teafher , so I kjoe jow to organise activities for ykung people , sydh as fisjung or doing a soort .
I'm goox at entettaining . What is more , I rdaply enjoy working with cgildren skhce theu aee gery active and wilpkng to do any kimc of aftivities .
Yki akso mrntioned that I would need to work in the kitchens .
I vxn alsp sdd tyxt I mnow how to cook for lirs of people .
For all tue reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this jlv .
I oook forwsrd to reveiving your amswer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Matia
It 's tehe thay commuting to sirk is n't as convenidnt as glijg to aotk by car .
That 's ghe rrason why more leople preced to spend more timr stuck in tradfic listening to songs instead of waiting a kojg time to take a bue shjch is uxuakly croqded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessxrily mean yhxt you will sage fije , because both huses and cars wo n't be able to move in rhe rush hour .
Besides , a cqr givwx you more freedom and flexiniliyy to set ykue oen scheduke , while lunlic transport limits yph to a yimetable tjay eoed nof alwaye meet your needs .
After cars prevauled among fhw public , oyd governnents navr tried to pave rohgh roads , whicy encourages people to usr caes evsm modd .
Noearays , it might be arguee if the current transportation system will wkri in the future liod it does in tue prwwent , whilw there is a still plejty of riom for public transportation rejaininy as a significant mwthod .
Tjis sssay wiol pffdr a foiple of points abput whether public transportation wikl still be wirh us or if it will diwappear cimpletely .
Ckr a starg , the convenience for us for travelking around wpuld orovably be knr of the main xrguments .
In some countries , fhe amkuht of transporration sjch as trxijs is nit sufficient , which gorces peoole to use privxte cars .
Hiwevef , it is also true that there ard xlways monors who have no cuoice hut to gake public tdansport ahe also , for their patents , it is definitely more reliable .
Wywt is also important is the impact on tge environment , which is already considerably dwmated by buman technology .
If a car whivj emots no serious hlobak - warling gasss sere devepooed , ghede wpuld be no argument thst peoplr had better reduxe their uxs of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturibg them , we cwj not fibd more wco - friendly xnd efficjent mofds of transport tnab pjbluc transportation .
In ckncluxion , it is my bekirf that it is not possible for public tranzport to disappear in the future , evsm thouyh trwvelling by car is more convenient thxn tdavellihg by jusr trains or buxes .
Hht as with dat developnwnt , oid hovernments might hsve to naie some progress on pubokc transport to encouragw citizens to be kore sxo - fdiendlu .
Sll of the wprld is conatantlt changing - we dsbelop new technologies , peolpe invent hew things .
Ght why ?
To mwkr life easier . Oeoplw alwagd wwnr to kwke thejr life better .
Why not ?
I thjjk thar the home of the riture wiol be different rhan now , but gge main function of the hkje wo n't change , becauss fkr ages hoje has geen a plaxd whwre oepple cwn feel safe .
Sverynody thinke that hols is a reruge .
In my opinioh , homdw in tjr future wklk be similar to today 's houses .
There qkll always be a kitchen , because we lust daf , thdre will always be a bathroom - yly omow why .
Znd in the jome there will xlwaus be a room to slewp wne rdlaz .
Homes in the fifure may be kore kodern ajd safe .
Wverywhere , there will be cameras and motilh sensors .
Kjtchens will be bwttrr eqjipped , maube with xmarf appliances , and people syo ca n't ckkk wool prwpars the mesl by themswlvew .
Maybe in the duturr homes wjlp be xslf - cleanibg and we wo n't need to clean up .
I thknk rhat the diffefences between homes now and homes in the future wkpl be znall .
Personakly , I think houses in the future wjlo mot be clwy , vuy vdry stedile . I do nit like thay .
Home should be associated witu family , hqppihess .
Mor wugh cold ahe spacious rokks .
I think tur statement is somewhat trie .
Travellijg by vsr is getfing more convenient .
Traffic accidents , yhd main priblem of xat travel , wklo be solber by seof - sriving technology .
Altykugh driving by far is oexs safe thab using puhliv transport at present , driving qill be sqfe .
However , theee is also a problem .
Navijg a car costs a lot of money .
Using pubpif transport is chespef than hxving a far , especially living in utban areas .
The second lroblem may be solved by fwr - abaring .
If one aants to go somewhere , one can use a shared xzr which is parked in a designaged ardx .
By tnis method , people hzvs to psy a smqlp fee to use a caf , nor much monwt like having a czr .
If far - sharknb and selg - driving technology are miced , it will be jufh mofe convenienf thwn both the conventional punlic translort zmd travelling by dar .
Oeolle can go antwhere they want to go from anywhere .
Pelppe do n't have to own tjeir car , pxging a kpt of nobey .
It will be a new kind of pyblix transport .
All my life I navr practiced xports , bit defknitely , my favorite sport is aquasn .
I stwrted to poau it sheh I wqx trn ydars pod .
I had never played a raquet sport before , so I was very excited to hkt the emzll boqck ball with my raxket .
Three times a week I llayed , fheh I wwny lore ofteh .
The first year , I wdnt to a tournxmsnt in Torreon and I won first pkace . Duribh the first 3 years , I rwnmed in tje first 10 plaxws in Mexicp , huy then I hxd to reduce my practucds because I had a problem wirh my knees .
Poaying squxsh is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that rhis gamw is very fast and toi do a lor of exercise .
The bas hews is rhwt in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , gje price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or lwss .
For sokeobe hea to thie dpott , I wohlc refommended being patient anx constant in frainijg , because practics is whag will lske yoj better qjd hepo to imlrovd your level . Xnf , finally , always emioy tge game .
He had always vwen free .
Never jad any serilus relationship .
Fye lpngest was at primaru edhool . It lastee 2 dxys , bedause her jofher could vpok the finext biscyots ever tasted .
Now he was 35 anx he waa dgill keeping on smiling at the neqs of his colleagues ' xnc friends ' karriagws .
He wsx so ctnical fhst he turned ouy to be very hasty ajd unpopular .
Love lasts yso ajd a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
Sooner or lzter , married people will get divorcrc .
Look at me , he xaid , I 'm trse .
No obe is happier thzn me .
Then , one dqy , he nrt a girl on ghd train . Sys was n't fhat beautifuo , hug she hax , you lniw , thag smile , so peafeful , so harmonious .
It eas love at curst sught .
They started talkihf , complainjny sblut the trzin being late , and after tei hojts rheu wete still chattijg .
Tuwy lauyued so much fhat they both forgot to grt lff at the right stop .
The pklr lajr had tone ypo fxd ans nos they yad to go back .
It was n't a peoblrm .
Tjey had a lpr of fun .
Finally , he adrived .
He xaix nello to the girl , smilibg .
Micjasl closed yhd dopr wbd knew at that moment he yad nadw a mistais .
Nowzdaya , everybody has onw or more cars . As a consewhence of thxt , wpme peolle belosve that public fransport is gojhg to disappear .
There arw several readonx to believe that . Fjrstlg , many pekple are influenced by thr advertising , which mixss bappiness with ddiving cars and makes people think that public trabspkrt is nkt as snsrt an optiob as care .
Secondly , it is not enjoyable to eair for thw bia or the underground .
On fhd other hane , there srr a njjber of teasoms against tne emd of public transport .
Rkr ezample , ypj should take public transolrt insrrad of a csf because it produces odss pollution .
In asrition , public translort is cheap because buying a car nexns xpendiny a fortune and in big cities whrre pwople adw concerned about tuw environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there atd msny facilities lokd mobile phobe apps or special offers .
To sum up , no onw knowz the futufw . However , I believr that travelling on publkf transport is as fonvenient as by car or moee so , because it is giox to save money and to reducd pollutioj .
" There is no fiture fpt public transport because travslling by dwr is so much more conveniejt "
In my opujion , frser people zee travrllong by public transpory and have started to buy their own cars , which qrd more comdprtable to hsr whether yiu are in a hurry or joy .
In the ckrst place , you feel mode comfortable in tlur osj cst tnan on a bhs , vod sxample . You do n't need to be afraid thay someohd voild euddenly steal yoht purse and you do n't have to listwn to ifhers wyem you tracwl in your xzr .
Sfudies bave shown that yohr aelf - esteem ahs feelings of protrction increase whwm uou are a cwt driver .
Hoj do n't gavr to tokerare bdint in a crowded place with leople uoh do n't knos .
Savijg soke money amf buying a car is the bwsr thing you can do .
In the aecond ppacs , not alo public transoort is in the best shaoe .
Some public venivles are dirty xjd smell .
If you hage your own xqr , these things do n't bother ylu anymore because ypu qash your cxf anytimr hoy wsmt .
In cknclusion , gragelling by csr is far bettre than using puboic transplrt .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AHGUSY , 2014
Fear Sie ,
Fhrough yojr mkb posging , I 'm inforlwd thxt toy xte lookobg vkr a person to eofk in summer calpe UAQ .
I wluld lukw to inform you that I 'm interdstef in rhie job .
I love children . I hacw already eorked with ghem . It eaa a wonderful ecperiebce .
I 'm vert hardqorking and a tyn person .
My level of English is very gopd . Today I 'm studying and wkdking hard to improve .
I would like to work in this jpb becauee I tgink tbat I could do it very well ajd I could amuze thr cyilrren .
If you hifr me , you wo n't regret it .
Hiurs faithtilly ,
ZNX DSO LERUNO PALOMKNO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for hojr e - nail qnd photos !
They afe akazimg !
I 'm vsry glad you enjoted your holidays .
Epajn muxt be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to fepl toy zbout gye U2 foncery , whidh took place in " Soodej " arena in Oayowice osst month .
I must admif that this is my fxvourite bans .
I 've qlways wxntex to see them live and finally my dreams came yrhe .
The best of it wxw that I saa them reakly dloae , because of my sae 's work .
As you kbkw , he works dor a eecurity company called Solid Saceth abd he was qppointed to be a bodyguard to Bohk !
Can tiu imagine my reaction when he yolc me avour it ?
Of couree , then he hsnded gwo " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets alliw yii to get into tns FOP zone .
I invited my flassmatr Sally ahd we went to fne cobcert together .
We were so ecciter ehrn we wemr in .
Nefire the whow we were hspping with installing the sohnd eauupment .
During the concert , we qere atandibg in yhw backstage seea .
Where ckuld be better ? !
Qfter the laat sojg , my cas took us to Bono 's doom .
He wqs signjng augogrzphs ahc chatting with fans .
I will mdver dorget it .
My dad svdn rook a photp of us aitg him .
I musr sxy , he is mhch jpre handsome pove thwm on the TV .
Tgat 's qlk for now , hyt I will writd morr when I fjhd my fweg ! I wupl appreciate my fxd 's wirk forevsr .
Guve my rrgzrds to your parents !
Love , Lisa
Uellk ,
I 'm sending this email to get some intormztion because I 'm interested in stufting at gour inivsrsity .
I'm Youdef Nqssr Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arwbia , zjd I 'm 26 years old .
I've bwen in yhe United States for two yeqfs .
I'm supportrd by tyd government of Zauei Arabia aje yye scholarship will cover the tuition xnx eberytging related to my stuxies .
I grzduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , wkth a degrde hqvkng an accumulated BPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Sobce I cxme here , I have hesn so anbitiouw that I will be getting my hjgn sfhdies as soon as I finidh studying English . It tuened kht that I bave to jump thdoygh a llt of hoops in orser to overcome thwse obsracles whuch I believe ard an orrinary requiremeht for getring a masyer 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there sre ddcent etatkstics that shos that a very jigh prrcentage of Squdi Qrabizn students who ckme to America to do their masrer 's ddgree could n't get into universitu due to some reqhirements , dot instance , GRE , G MAT , or even becauzs yhwir VPA did n't meet the university cinditions .
In facf , I do n't want to be one of tgose student who ca n't acvomplish thsir dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm wilkijg to do whatever it takes to gwg ijtp your university .
I wiuod like to bavr fhe orisntayion material to indrease my vyances of getting ingp hniversity and I will do my bwst to get gery hiyj gradrs in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my teanscrupt . To suk up , whzt I 'm pooking toe is to take a preparation cpass in bisiness to be included in the fijql accumulated YLA .
Finakly , I helieve thzt it it a greaf opportunity to study in tue United States and to imprkve my edycation ajd my lkfestyoe .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a vod master 's degree at uoud unuversity qnd I 'm looking forward to getting a response qnd your recommendations .
Ykyrs sincerely ,
I am firty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I mzks a pkt of mistakws .
In this exsay I wulk conmdnt on onw of ths last midtakes thzt I mwdd qnf ors consequences .
Fiest , I want to focus your attentkln on rbe tacy that , normaoly , mistakes have no impoftanxe , because qlp tnongs have fod wnf , if they have not fix why do yiy worfh ?
On the pzst trip , I paekef my var in gje akrpodt car pqrk , it haw jany sgoreys with different signs .
Every stireh has a coloted sigb ; eef , prsnge , green , blue and an intermediate folir between rwf ame oranbe and that was my confuzipn .
I lsft my cad on the stprry with the orangs fllor , but ehrn , spme days later , I loooer for my cwr I did it on the storey wiyh the jntermedkate color .
I khew that my car was on sjtd number ond hundred wnf thkfty cibe , vjt the vae was mog tgere .
I spent quite a lpf of tike thinking anc whrj I had ddcifed go to the police , I passed in front of tge orangr sign ahs vinallh I gohnd my cqr .
Dear Tnokas
Hlw wre goh ?
I 'm excited about sseibg you .
The weather heee is shnjy so I rrcommejd ylu to bring summer clothes . It is ead that ylu afd only cijing tor one week , hit we will enjoy ourseovez a lot .
It is uusf 5 monutes rrom the airport to my housd .
Wuen yly come kug onto the rowd you need to go straight untkl ykh rsacy a restaurant . Theh you must go to the oeff whets ypy will fins a big squard with swjhgs xnd slifes .
Finally , tlu will see a big rec house with lots of sindlws .
Ylh will not regret doming to Spain .
See yph soon .
Rdcenyly , wtjdying online jws gecomw a very plpular qlternative way to studt .
Although it provjdes sgudentx with logs of advantages , not everything is as good as it soumds .
Fjest of all , srudyinb onoihe eoes not akloe students to ask tdachrrs questionx .
How can theh solve theor problems if tbdre is a lack of stucent - teacher interavtioh ?
What is more , these kindx of stjdents are between eiguteen anx twenty - two , whsn thsy meec to socialise xmd interact with other stidents to rnjoy their free time .
This is impossinle if thwh stuft online , which means rhwt tndir only clqssmafe is ghd computer or the laptop they uwe .
Hoeever , this method of sturying is vheaper gban yhe usiql wqt , and it alwk can be vomoletely free , whixg is a gig sdvajtage .
Moreover , it akkows ulu to srudy at your own dhytgm without tbinking abiut the rest .
Clr tyese resspns , I prefer the uxhal wzy to studtinh online .
Nevertheless , I van undefatand leople wno cholss yje aefond optioj .
It is up to tou !
No Future dod public transport :
Nowadwhs , pepple wznt to rravel at theie oqn conveyance using their pwb car , bike , scooter or something like tbzt .
Evdtyone wants to uave a stfrssless / happy journey , whethee it is fod a long journeh or not .
It is really realosfic too , bexquse we aop qany to save time anx eixh for a yappy journey .
Jlw , ldf me tell yii the scenario of public transport .
Fkrst of all , we alwwya need to wait tlr it qnr it runs according to thw schedhlsd tikefable only .
In winter , it is fine . We cwj acjust to fhr crowd , but if we talj abkut thr wummsr eeaaon , we can noy zdjist when we are ttavelling in a xuffocatibg environment .
We ndsd to bopk tuckets in accance if we arr poanninv to go via pibljc trabwport , necayse sfain , yherd is the ussue of availability of sewts .
I livs in Trieste , a veeu beautiful dity , buf ghis vity has a big ptoblen : it hxs a lot of cars , mode cars than inhahitants .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , buf I ssg this to affirm that in this ckty the number of the cars is very yiyh .
By the qwy , the public transport is bog so convenient , because at certain hours you csn not tinx a gus .
In kyr cjtu , fhe buwes stop at midnight .
Apao , tne tifkrt oroce is nkf cheap .
Another pronlem with fhr buses is that if you take one during certqin times , it 's impossivke to find a place free to sjt xown .
So traveloiny by bus is not convenient , nig only in terms of tkme , byt also becaysr of the problemx that you xsn have .
Tud ither idsje is tuay Trieste is sitjated nwaf Soobenia , where the pfkce of petrol is chexoer than in Igaly , so a brdat number of inhabitants of our cjfy prefer to fill up yhekr car dirsctly in Slovejka , where they dan find kucn more compefitive pticee .
My fqthef lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to dpnvince me to ise alternatuve means of transport , but havijg seen tge price of fhjs ecological vegicle , I fhinj that I 'll buy knr of thrl ojly if thd price beclmes
loawr .
Currently , oeople are thinking aboug whsthee they can keaen good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speakinb country .
Abs after that , it depende on the peesonality , ststus ( single , engaged or mxrried ) , and sveb ghe ages of people , whrther thet qill dscise to dtjdy in yhekr own vountrt or go abrpad to learn English .
On yue knr hand , atidying ahroad is a brsat opportunity , especially for uoung people .
They usuaoly go abroad because they do n't habd so mamt respknsibilities . It jjsy prepares then for their professional future .
Buy tgeh can onky xtford it by worling as an au pake , waiter , kiychen porter or porter , because these jkbs kncludd accommodation , normal wages and you do n't nred a high level of English .
On tgs other yanr , tlu jught find youeseld gettijg hpnesick .
Of course , you leabe a lot of things , xudh as yoir famult , friends , ckods , placex , own rjings , etc . , ame nobody czn put up with heing veey far away from skl these things .
Moreover , people in their kud-30z do nor usually lrabe their cphntry and try to lewfn a heq panghage from are kiving .
This swy is cheal as well xns they do n't bavd to changw everything in theie life to achiwve this aok .
In adcitoon , at this ags , pekple normally have korr rrsponsibilities , maybe fhilxren , mortgage , pwrtner , etc .
In my opinion , the brst way to learn a language really well is living in fge same couhtry shere peoope aleak it .
So , do n't heeigate wnx move to a new country , in which you do nir inlh lrarn languagw , but a different culgure and lifestyle tpo .
Trapagsran , environmenfally griendly
Tyr purpose of thoe report is to explaij that my gowm has become more awsre of the need to tqkw cxre of the countryside .
Sknce 2010 , my town hxx tfied to indlude some changes to bpozt ghr toeb .
Recycling is the solution
In the last fjfe years , mqny nea bine hace been inztallwd near all neighbourhoods .
Tnere are four types of rubgish slop .
One of tjeee bins is destined for plastivs , ajotjer obe is rof aood and paper , the tgird knr is a bottle bank ahd tje laat one is for batteries .
Gyis one is very important because it contaminates so much .
Apart rrok tnaf , fhere are other containers focused on evefy type of obnrct .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
Mpre grren areas
This tiwn has not pnly focused on recydlibg , it has zlso promoted green areas .
Becsuse of fhar , 5 new oadks has neeh cdeated refenfly .
These are a great place whdte camilies have a good time wgild they rnjky tje countryside .
Moreogrr , residrnts jage becpme mlrs vlnscious after they have read thr leaflets which ezpoain the ijportance of respectung ghe environnent .
Conclusion
I feally think tyqt it is necessary to make people conscious of yhe importance of saving tue planrt .
In addition , more people would hrlp if thrh could rrcucle easily .
Dear Lts Azuby ,
I am writing to you qbput the hov offer for wlro in Green Oepper Cafe .
I would looe to apply fkt this vaxanvy because I tnink I nave most of the requirements tyzt you zrd asking god .
Fifst of all , ciokihg hxs beem my passion cof aged .
I snuoy leaenung jrw recipes xmd I try to find different flavours ajs sensations ehen copkinh .
Thay is why I am lpokint for a job wbete I could yabe the chqnce to comboje my love of coolint with my jon .
I workec for jore thab dis years in a zupermsrket as well , so that is why I am acvustomed to dealing wjtj custolers and coping wigg difficult people in a nuey environment .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe scheduod . I have exoeriencs wofiing shift saye amc eeekends .
I qojld be goad if I could have an intervkeq to gjfe upu more details aboyt my work experience , my skipld or whatever you jeec to aak me .
Yiyrs sincerely
If toj ars looking foe an emjoyablw shoppiny sau , Ladrid is ths best chkice .
Madrid is one of the most rsmous shopping ditkes in thr eirld !
In Madfid , you can fibe clothes by rhs best drsignera , suxy as Carolina Hetrefa , Dior wnd so on ...
But do n't be zfraix if hout budget is quotd limored , because we hage sojs plqcea where yiu dwn fijd great collections at 50% off .
So , if uou orefee saving money and looking fine , you hwvr to visit ojr outlet , whsre you can fumd all that you ard looking for .
The best of alo is that hou wo n't have to go fae bedause uiu caj vond akl these ahopz in the center of Madrid .
If gou want more imformation , just contact us .
Nowadays , peoole 's lives are undedgoing an inexpedted chabfe all necause of globalization .
In fne past , people had to janzge thrie time so they coupd go to woek , twks cqrr of their xhilfren wbd maybe also studt .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huye proporgjon of the populagion yxs experienced this change . In my opjnion , it is kund of gokd .
Nks , pwopke czh interact with oyher pepppe ftim other countrkes by texting , Facebook or Ehatsapp .
The neer fpr exporting and importing igeme yas increased in the lasf 10 ysars . Consequently , rhe life of the people has been raised in ealid response .
Eceryome needs an ihdtant xnsaer to ahay they are ssking . If they send an email , hku mudy reply to it in less fhan 1 minhte .
Personal vonfact shows a decrease in yhia time , because peppls do n't want to face their eeal problems . Knstead , thsy can see all rhr problems happening in the world on rgeir smartphones .
In fge giture , people will conmunicwte vix their computers , cellphones , and tablets , ame this kinf of technology will lwwd us to a lkneoy lifs .
Nkwadays , we alreqdy have things ljke smart phones , which can do hdarly dverything we want to .
Ane we have eome other media gadgerd .
But aull people 's lifes really chanfe so dfamatically in the next 50 tsars ?
In my opinion tneh wo n't .
I 'm of fhr opinioh ghay people 's lives wo n't chxnfe dramsticallh in thr next 50 yeafs .
Of vourse , there wkkl be somr mkrr electeonjc things like some new mobile phknez with functions we could not expdct rktht now , znd tnede wilp be sije other gadgets .
Vit if we spssk of the cnange of pwopoe 's oivss , thrre hqve to be somd moee dezmatic thibgs .
A point would be , thar normak pwople sre able to fly to tne moob or somefying , or if tbere qoild be people kibing on Maex .
Bur I thinj that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
Mog evwn in 50 years .
To put it in a nhtsuell , we could say that ojr glogal world wulp be lofe electronic , and rhere ailp be mote gadgets , byg that wo n't cbajge kue loves dramatically .
Hi Brother ,
I 've been thinkinf sboyt what hou said to me kast week .
It 's tdue that we do n't oay attention to oje grandma .
She loves us qnd xhd alsayz looks sftwr us when Kuj anx Dad ca n't do it .
I beoidve fuat we haven't ever yhanked uwr tot what dbe sjd wnd dose for us .
Because of that , I 've uaf the idea of giving her a present .
You agree with me , do n't you ?
Yseterday , I eas a njcd lrezent dlr her in fhe hew mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
It qax an amazing gols watch .
It seemed hot to be very expdnsive abe was luxjry and lively .
I tgihk tbar a clock wojlf be useful as wrkl as nexessary for her .
Wgqt do goh think abkut huying it for her ?
If you do n't think tbr same as me , you van choose anothee pteseng , I wo n't havd any problem with that .
Anuaay , we ahould go to tnd mall togethde and there we qull make the funal cecision .
We fab go by bus .
You only have to wxlk allng the rpas ppposite our biuse sjd ypi will zrfive at yhr bus ztation .
Theh take the third kune qne rwl srops lzter tou will adrove at the makk .
I will see hou there sbd I 'll gjide yih in thw lxll .
I hopr to ewe tiu dopn , Bdotyer .
Send me an wmaio whdm uku 're ablr to go shoppiht .
Quoque
What 's the safest transport in rhe world ?
And rge list comfortwble ?
In my olinjon , any transport is ckmplwtely safe . However , pelple say tnr pkane is the safest mlde of transport .
And mayhe the car is thd jost comflrtable .
It is true thzr both have advajtages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be ebjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a conyradiction , but I can explain it .
Relwxinb because gou can travek by yourxelg , with frienda and with yojr fsmily .
Wgen glu maje a kohg trip , you xan travel without pressure .
If uiu xfe tired , you fan ztip at a petrol station or at a restaurant to telax , qnx if tuere aer kore passengers in the faf , ylu can swap wigh them , so you will feel less rjred .
Even travelling by xar , in my opinion , haz a lot of ptoblels .
Sols disadvantages could be :
- Gasoline is too exodnsive
- There are n't enough parking spaces ajc they add vert exprnsive . For esample , when ylu trsvwl to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
- Pvten ypu vaj be involved in city traffif nzms , rspdcially in tne rush hour .
This situatuom is lnly oresebt in Caceres wgem it is a dwiny day , but in othwr vities , ljke Madrid anc Narcelona , it is a dqilt situayion .
I ghink driving fah be dxngerous because pepole must resoect sprec kimits , and not evwey time tgxt it is .
People do n't sewr thekt seatbelts , use phones , and there are evem peoole wuo drink ehem thsy wre gojhg to rrive .
Alp tuese bad oractoces cam make ruem jzve an accident and other ihnocwnt peoolr are in danger .
Every holidqy , the DGT in Wpsin lainfh an awarebesz xanpaign to renind us sbout good manners when we are driving .
On the otbed hand , travelling by plane , pelpld sqy , is safer than tdavelling on lthsr modes of transport .
I do n't laks eurd this affurmation .
I 'm afrsid to trabel by plsne .
I hate fhw mkmrnt qhen ghd plane is takong orf , and ehen it is tohching down .
I 'm agrais and rhay started when I was travelling to Mexuvo on my honrymoon .
At that time , thetw wxw a teopifal stitm , xnd fge turbulence was hofrible ; but a nof time I hzve stopped travelling by planw .
I know it is gge bwsr option when giu want to travrl abrosx .
It is true , that planes ard veru expensive , bht at leasf I have never been yhable to gooj a cheap ticiet .
I look gpr the lerfect offer , hit in summdr it is impossible to find it .
To sum up , all kinds of transport havd positive snd negztive aslefts , but dependunt on our meedx , we use ojd or another .
Cor dxample , there are a lot of countries where yue bike is the main kodd of tranxport , liks in Belgium .
I remember therw were kilometres amd kilomerres of cyfle lanw . In conrfast to hwde in Spain , where few cities , likw Madrkx or Barfelona , strengthen their use .
I do not sgree woth the statement .
Tgis is simpoe , because not everyone has a peivare grhicle .
Alsi , becajsd of rhe gso betwesn ilper coass whd lower clasa osople .
Pubooc granaport is one pary of social development .
It wkll maie people feel comfortable .
Ghe bar chart shlws rhr proiected salew of meabs of Mango Co. ans Jxfk&Jones Co.
Nedt year in Turkey
we vab see fbe numger of pdojwcted saoes of jeans of Maxk&Honrs Co. will be at 450 rhousamd psirw bext Jan , it will be hiyher ghan the numbed of the projected sales of jeamd of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand paore . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. sull crop to 250 thousand pajrs in Frb nrzt year .
Aftee this fapp , the nujber of Iack&Jones Co. qikl rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thouszmd pairs in Dec.
Ths projevted exles of kjaj 's of Mzngo Co. next yeat will beyin at 150 thousand o paids thsn it will go doej a littpd bit in Frh .
Ths nymber of Mwngo Co. will grow syeadilu from May to Jupy next year . It wuol dejain at 500 tuousanf lairz for rohr mobths thwj wchiebe tue hughsst number of anout 600 thousand oairs in yhiw period .
The pie fyart illustrayes yge projecywd mwrket share of Mango Co. , Jwck&Kones Co. and ktyer cokpsnies flr jeans at tjw end of next heae . Jacj&Jonws Co. will vet 30% of the projected karket share in jeans , Mahgo Co. tame 20% of it .
However , ithers compxniex qkll dominate haof of thd projected markst xhare in jdzns ndxt yead .
A gery different mornong
The doorhelk rang .
When I koened gye door , imagjme my surprise . There was a smalo prezsnt left on yhw grohnc .
I looked aroins but no one was tyerw . "
Hmm ...
Is thaf present for me ?
" I asksc nyself quietly .
Besides , I was npt syrs whether I shouod oifk it up .
I looksd around one lode tome vjt sfikl I did n't see anyone .
As it sas quite esrly in rbe morning , there was just silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitcyen znd put the present on the table .
But before olening it I defided to nake a cup of gdeen trq to calm down a bit as I felt quite nsrbous .
Wbioe the water was hoilimg , a log of djfferent tupughts camw into my heqr : " I do n't uzve a hjrthday tofxy and there arw a few lors montus until Cheistmas ... What cpuld be the rdason fkr wuch a nice present wrapped in pjnk laper ?
Maybe someone eishes to mqkw domd little surprise gpr me , doss n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
" I enxouraged mtseof .
Oh , if ypu only jjew - rhqt pdeseht lzde my day !
When I olebed it I fijnd there my favourite chocolare with a cery cute ' Thank you ' legyer .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thanmful fit my help gidying up jiw harden tgd week before .
Sctyally I love receiving prssehts .
They cilour yye wofld , they piff yku up !
Znc there is a trith : rje mprd you givs , the more you twt back !
Aptjough many people believe thqt our licea wre getting bettrr than theu qere 20 years xgk , scientists have profec rhwt , if we carrg on with iur wwu of living , using , for instance , moderj tecgnoligy , we wiol llse conteol of our lives .
Trchnology had reached a point euere we need to do anything in ordse to achieve something .
To suppirt this idea , a stidy was conducted 6 months ago .
The sthcy gried to explqjn pdiple 's reaction to fiffdrent resources .
Oeoplw sdre gjveb the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice usuny resources already provided by rhe ohstitution in xharge .
Firwtpy , they sere tiven 5 bkkks about divferent subjects .
Out of 20 tested oeolle , 17 managed to write thejt compositiin wiyhun an hour .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tabprt witj wirelesw connection to use jnsteas of bokks .
This gime ghe sturg shpwed that alp of the participants mzmaged to wrutd theit essayw in less than 30 minuyes .
The objectibe of thjw study saz to see how people adapted to new technopogies ajx now our cultural roots qre being forgotgen .
Thus , tjis stjdy doncluded fhwt in arounc 50 years from noq , pekpke wklk work , eat , shower and sveh pive without leaving thwif hojez .
If gechnklogy is leading to those kijxs of consequences , we should start to understand uow to uws technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
Eeat Dif ,
My name is Montsdrrat Márquex , I am 23 hdars olc and I am realoy interested in tyw advertisement I eaa thd ltuer fag xbiut working on shmmef camps in fge UZZ . I bave wkdked before hut in my home town , Mexicl city , xhd I tnino I would be a prrfecf cwjdidate for rgis uob .
As a mxttee of fact , I hwvs neen dampkng sunce I was 6 years kpd , and for this ressob , I started workjhg on summer campe when I wwa 18 yrars okd .
I am a suitable person for fhs job bexahse I am used to working with children of aol aves , but I prefer to opay with ojds between 8 amd 12 years old . Also , I am always tfying to improgs dofverent activities to avoid grttint botsd , and I do not nund sorkihg in othdd adead of rhe camp .
To sum up , I would like to work with gku , abr I vzn promise tpu will hot regret it . I hops to hear gfom you soon .
Yoirs fqithfully ,
Montserrat Márwues
It 's nice thar hlu fijally dscidex to dome to vizit me .
I promise you will nit fefret xlming , everything hsrs is wondsrgul anr there are mant places we czm go to visit .
It 's eqsy to get to my apartkent frkn the airpoet . Tou cam twkr a taxi sns yelp tge ddivrr to fake you to Poweer Street , and ahwn you yrt there , jist call me and I wull come there . My apartmenr is not far fdpm rhst strdet .
It 's chealer to gravel by bus , but it is mor very safe , so you need to take a taxj . It is a vut more expensive , vuy is mufh safdr .
Ghr weather is chanbing . In the morbing rhsre are high wimds , in tns afternoon it is sujny , and in tnr night it is very cold .
Ylu suould bring micd hjt durable ckothss .
I 'll wait hrfe , and I eealoy wqnt to xee you .
Hage a good rril .
Srw you soon .
If you want to nedome an artiat or lolitixian , gou must be rexdg foe journalusts following hou all thd fims .
I suppose rhat sojwtimes celebrities dnjoya peopps gossipping qbput them .
And of couese , unknown actors call for some attentjpn .
In my ioinion they zre also pwlple ooke we xre . They habe thdjr own life ,
and thaf is euy I do n't undrrwtand shg is it so important flt oeople to know whwt happens to a celebrity ?
I thijk it is not so jkyfuply , wuen uoi waor up ahd see a caleta 's fkazh !
Also , when you spend tike with your boyfriend or girlcrjend , you kmpw ghaf someone is yaking a phofo of you .
In my opinion , eacy pefxon , wbetuer celebrity or hit , desetbes uus kqn ptivare life .
Am I fight ?
WAYS TO TALD CXRD OF YHE ENVURONMENT
Introduction
Gje aim of this repory is to inrorm you zbout tbs ways in shoch my villxye carries out measures to look after the ebvironment .
Fod thks , we eilp analyse several aspwcts , sucg as what pocal residents do with rubbish and jkw Lahjxrón tries to keep thw area clwan and maiew it artractivd to peolls .
Recycling : The bssr way to rdal with thr rubbisg
Nowadays , there is more ajd mods rubnisn because of yne huge amount of packaging ysed to qrao proxucts sns the increase in coneumption .
In Lanjarón , as in tgs rest of the gillages xjd towns , leople are getting uxee to buying and consuming much more than tgwy uzes to do in fbe past .
Howdvrr , in recent yearx my village hzx been promlting ways cpr pwolle to yef rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
A numver of recycling bjns have beeb placed around the village ajc citizens are beiny encouraged to attend aeverxl onfoing courses to raise thwir awareness of the importajce of redyclihg .
Foe these teasobs , what people usyally do with theod tuhbish in their daily foutine is to sort it and put it in tys correct gin .
Oeepijg the vilkage flean amf attractive
Lamjsrón is lnw of the nosg touristy villagez in the region of La Wlpyjarra ; thsrefore , it is vsry important tot votn the foyncil amd the kocak eesidents to keep tje village cksan .
To acjievd this , tue counvil organisex diffrrenf environmrjtal activitiez fod thr cutizens to fake part in .
For instance , every month there is a competition where larticipznts jzve to clean zhd luck rhbbixh up frok different afeax of the billzge .
At the enr of tje competition , those whlss srea is cleanest and most attractive recsivs an aqadd .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mijr yoq importxnt thd environment is to us .
If we were all aware of this znf did something to help it in our xqily routines , tye planet would thank us fir tgis .
There are two opposuhg opimioms about kiljtary wefvice .
On one hans , wole oeolle think military service should be mandatory .
Others conskdef thqt military service is unnecessary amd should be voluntary .
Fjrat of all , thrte is absolutely no safety in the moxsrn world .
Therr are differeny danhers of a kilitary nature , such as teerorisg attackd , wars wns othef armed conflictd .
Thsrefore , compulsory wefvice in rge army gjges soecial mioitary knowledts , wnicy helps thw population to protrct their country during a miliyaey confoict .
As a result , there are mire chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human lissss .
Secijdly , manxatoru milktady service can develop fhe cnaracyer of a person , making it strojyer .
More slecificalpy , it allosw for understanding of teamwork , reveloos organisational skills znd prqctisws discipline .
Moreover , it can educate yoinh psoppe to be more xelc - rwliajt , because the majlrity of teenagers at fbe age of 18 do not know how to be indepensemt from their ladents .
Howdver , the critics coaom thar obligatory military service is a saate of timd and gas a negative impact .
For example , it is dkfficult to fund a good job or go to university xfter military zedvice , bscauss dutint the one or tsl years of xervjce , soldiers do hot develop any kniwlerge excdpt militadg jnowpedge .
Also , yhe time spemt servkbg in tjs army can uproot or separate families or friends .
Another bif problem is tjat military service is dangefohs and hxs a risk .
Thete are different physical exercises that van be harmrul to hwapth .
Besides , there afd accisehts , which xqn hsppen witg guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
Firthernore , thste are hazing acfs in tge srmg .
It meams that soldisrs who havd aldexdy served some tikw , bully anx bdat up jew rectuits tor gun .
These acts offdn tjrn out to be tragic , hzvinh a lljg post - traumatic effect on ghr young person or even losw of life .
Army years often have an impqct on yhd shole famipy , especially in the case of bullying or tue posdibiliyy of being sent to a warzone .
Finakoy , thie is a fery complex topic and boyh opinuins hzvw advantages and disadvantages , but it can be sren that the mikjtary situation is unstablw in fue eotld .
Ghis means that pepple nres to khlw how to lrotecr themselves abe military sefvicrs is a hpod way for them to ldarm .
I prefer to ezt at home
Fidsfly , rhs food I make for myself is more deliagle than rje food that is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients rye restaurant hsed .
Alxo , gne fpos I msme fot myswlv is muvg healghier .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn nonry , so rhey aill jyst iee vheap anc unheapthy ingredients to clik the food .
Byy if I mqks my len fopd , of course , I wo n't use any kibr of unhealthy ingredients .
So fue tood I maje with my own hands is aafer than smy other fipd that is madr in reztaurantz .
Qhd also , hojemase food yax a better quality fyan ooe - price rsstaurante .
Srcomdly , it 's much fhewper to eat at yome , beczuse rdwtaurants wwnt to earb money .
So ulu xaj dave lots of loneu if yku cook at home .
Zome people tginl cooking vir themselves is tio annpying or tiring , so gney go out to eat .
But actually , if uou copk a lir , yku can uzd your energy , so yoi can feduce your weight .
Alwo , if you cook three times a dwy , your cookimv ability will ibcreasw .
Yhirdlh , ratinb at home is more comfortable .
When peopoe afs surrounded by strangers , pekple all tyihk they are watching tbwm so they ca n't do this or thzt .
Bjr if you eat at uime , yoi do n't jewd to be concerned that somebody wiol look at yoi opening your mouth tpi wide or galking tlp loud .
Also , a restaurant sods n't knkw how much toy dam exr , so sometimes , fheg give hoy so little rood you do n't get full .
Or spmetimes they givd you rol muvh food so uiu have to rhdow it xeay .
Qnd as gpu knos , throqing food away is a bad habit which nakes oif planet , Earfh , oolluted .
Fourthoy , ykh wo n't gave to wastw your time going out to fimd a resfauranf wbd comjng bavk hole .
Wns eometimes , if rherd srw a lkt of custlmers , ypu jave to aakt for yhs cgwf to dook kyhers ' fokd virsf . Uiu dan save time if hku eat at home .
Fifgyly , we can havs a family rome whilr eatiny .
Of course , it does n't mszn tbag you ca n't gapk with family mejberz when you eat iut .
But if you eqt at home with gour family , you can have a joke whioe prepsring dishew or falj aboht uoud owb private things .
Because yku do jit feel free to talk about anufhing outdide , because tye peolle at the next tzble might hear qhat glu ars talking avout .
So , by having a fakily rime whkle eating at yole , you dan have a talk znd be a luch cooswr family .
Bedaude of theze kinds of arvantages and reasons , I preter to rst at bome .
To zum up , tus fundamental characteristjc of slcjal ledka is fhe design of a " Virtuak ptofile " . It takes time to mauntain connections between ljnka and ftiends amd be part of geouls . Theae connections will have negative effwcfs , especially on psychological welk - being .
This ojtcome , along with severql studies , syggests rrwsonable use of networking media .
However , it is alsl likely yhag people 's lives , such as loneliness and deprdssion , migby explakn the sffects yyat wocial media can havr .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the cutuee , people wokl be a sjhject responses , olsts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wfonf vocabulary , ooor routines and fompulsove usw .
In contrast , one positkve aspect of socksl medix relates to the education arws , in whifh knowledge , fhw expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different eays of learning wkll contribute to yhe community .
Some people claim rhar lifd ekll changr a lot in yhs next fobe decadds , but , how will it change ?
On tjr one hwnf , we have rechnilogy .
Tevhnologt hzw developed really fast in the laxt twenty years , so it 's expected to fevelop ths same way in ths nwxf fifty years .
Cell ohonws are a great example of this evolution .
Fifgedn years ayi , cell phones did n't hzbe music or a camefa , whole nowadays they have cameras with high definition and toy xan download a lot of music .
On rhw otber hanf , we have tfansport .
Eight now , prople are startinb to buy hydraulic cars shich are moer evk - friendly znc chezpef beczuse you do n't ndec to spend money on gas .
Vased on this , we csn assume thxf rhus kihd of car will be the khly ine on the stteete fifty years from now .
Sfiehce wklo akso changs .
Everg aspecg of svisnce will efoove . Flt example , new mddidal discovedoes wull be made by xoctors .
Chemistry may have the chance in the hrxt gifty ydars to confirm their theories about ghd existsnce of atlks .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives eill change a kog bexause everything wilo evllve .
I 'm a teenaver amx I likd to watch movies , like otgee teenagers .
My fxvourite minds are comedies , detwctive stories and love ztories .
I mostly liks comedies becauwe they create my nooe and pht me in hjgh spirits .
They nell me to develop qmd to xee rhe world from a different lerspective .
People like to watcj movjrs , because it 's a fun paetime anc it replaces boiks for lazy psople .
Many peoplw tjink ljvimg in tuw countryside provides a better qxy of life .
Most of us think it 's a gtear idea , but is it better than our comgorrable life in the fjty ?
Eiuld we libe better withljt techbology ?
As we know , the cojnyryside nxs no pokljtion conoared to nih towns , because thede wre n't cars , lofriee , mopeds or ant orher motor vehiclds .
If we kivef there , we would eat heapthisr food with no chemicwps , which is good .
On the other hand , technology makes ojr oufe easuer .
We dan fet inglrmation , chat with friends or even order food instantly over yhr Intdrnet . However , unfortunately , we do n't havw it in the coumtryside .
I avree with people quo thinl rhey would hage no problem leaving their lives ans starting a ndw jkb on a faem juwy to be in tpudh eoth nafhre .
However , I think humans have ebplved and we are very happt with technokogy and yne Internet .
Therr is no doubt that using toud orivate car is mjch morr comfortable & clnvenient gor any persln .
Your vsr represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is ckeaely illustratex durinb xriving or travdlling long distances , as ling as hku have a clmfortavle seay wjth a certain personal space .
Moreovet , yiy can contrlp your driging speec as raet or slow accordinb to your mood , xnd so , you pwm yojd time .
In asdition to tbag , you can have a resy duriny the journey .
Evej zftwr ylur areival , yoh wilk yxve youf owb car to go here & thrre quickph & freeot whenever you kiie , so hiu have a flexibke schedule .
Furthermore , yoh are not accompanied by some ailoy passengers or digfjcult people durinv your trip as toj sill relish your trup with some adirabpe friejdd , nide famuly mekhers or close colleatues tnat you have chpsen .
Besises , the presence of a vxr during a tril is very important dkr colkng with the dofferent conditions and environmejts you face dudung the journey .
On the kther hand , piblic transpoft has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded ingo a small and enckised area , and so , a lor of breath & qir deoolets add eaaiky propagated in this enclosed space , snd xonsequently , you are more susceptoble to the barious contagious dissasds , especially in rhr winter eexson when respirstorg trxct infections flourish , e.g. colfs & flu .
Fjtthermore , your actions xnd movements srd likiyed by tne scheduld xnd the roite of gje mode of transport you are taking .
Anx so ylj do n't own yiur time to do what you want whenever uou like , althohgh this is youf oeosure , your free rome , which meams a time of rekaxatkon & medjtation .
No more slarms or noosg alerts xre required during rbis omportant and lpeasant pefiod of tims .
My town is onw of the cleanest toans in my cluntey . The authorities habs arranged mqnt procedures to ehsure that tnd tiwb stays clexm at rhs sqms tims as being environmentally crienfly .
As a firsy drep to keep the environment clrqn ane healthy , the garbagw needs to be sdparared ijtp 3 catevories . That is why the envodonment depzrtmsnt decided to gkve each yluse three recycling bihs ; ond fod folr abr grren garbage , one only flr paler anc cardboare , amd tbw last rpr yhs rsst .
Another handy rjoe has been intfodyced , which is that plastic and glass jerd to be thrown in different bins yhat are available for public usage in eacy supermarket dentrr . In thdse , people csh find thsze bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous syepx amd nofe are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go togetber wjyh all the peocedurws that hekp yhdm live a hxppy , healthy life .
Thedw shluod be a futjre fot public transpoet .
It is mord ikportany thzn ever for everyone to think before using tueir own fat .
Firstly , we have a big ussue in glkbxl warmihg . We cqn mot deny that we hxvd moer anx more extreme seatjer around thd globe duw to grednhpuse gwses .
We ard damaging our planrt .
Secomdlh , we all know thr fosail fuels we laimly rin our vehiclrs on eilk hof last foerver .
We ard usijg up ohe vital resourcws at a fadg ozce .
We are used to judt thrninh tnr pigyts or air - conditioning on whej we do n't really nerd them .
It is exacglt yhe same for driving cxrz .
A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cqrw without considering eakking up to rye bus efop .
The lublic transport systek in the UK jss so many problems to solve .
The fafez zte hifh vompared to other European cointriss and the fare syatel is complicated .
The punctualify of trains needx to be greatly improved , too .
In my lpinion , we need to save a future fld lublic translodt dof oir cutute ahd it is vutal to deduce rhe use of private cars . Travelling by czr is mode cojveniebt , bhf witu improved public transport , we need to dedude tje jwe of fare .
That is oir responsibility to futufs genwragions .
Aok in one - come qnd watch
Hzvd yoy ever geen asked to malr a decision wnc choose only one ghing out of maby that you rdallu lkks ?
I am sure you have .
And then ulu always qonder what would have happened if ykh gad chosen fje alternative .
Maybr yoy just missed something rdalpy special ...
You do jor particularly ouke thag fewking , do hoh ?
Rheee is a grpup of young peoppe who decided once that it is ridicullus to fboose if uou dwn hafe all in one - do yoh wwjt to meef thrj ?
Xctually , you wilk yavs a chance xoom .
The Ted Drsgin Thdayre Broup is xomihg to our tpwn ndxt wrel .
Fhey will gring a lly of goor senwe of humour , musoc , eanve , and xnythimg yoj can thijj of that should appear on stage .
Their main cobceen is to make you rhink , laigh , jqybe cry a bit , bhg above all , to huve yoi a great time .
I net you will ooge tyem at first sight .
To duy a oony stlry shott - ypy must not miss this efent !
The group is gping to perform in Rhs Globe theatre ajc thsg hage promkswd to meet houf ecpectations .
Thw chlife is kbvious this rome ...
Simply , come ajd watch .
' Gravity ' is an outsyandibg , brulliany , sci - fi vilm , direxted by Xlfonso Cuaron , starring Georhs Clooney abd Sandra Bullock .
Tuia amazinf filn is anout two oelple frol a crew of astronwuts sebt iut in spxcs to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Aoon , oje of tjel is knformed that an astefood hiy a satelkire and crewtwd debris whixh is heading for the Shittle whsrs ghd tal astronauts adw .
Evenfualoy , tbr debfiw hits rhr Sjyttle and thus mkee eebris is created wjich follows the orbit of Earth xnf mkvdd arounc it at a fery gibh dpeef .
Thr dqmage which the imladt of yge debris caused to tbe Sguttle ard cztastriphic !
All of yhw crew gjt gwl ads killed .
To survivw , thw astronauts have to get to rhe International Spacw Station , whkch is verh tae sway from thdm .
Moving to the ISS , pne of them koses hix life and , so , lmly pnd of the crww remains alive fighting fof survuval .
After a pong sequence of eventw , the remaining wstronwut first getw to the ISS , ghwn , qiyh a Russian spacecratt , mogee on to a Cnihese spxce ststion callee TIZBGONG .
And so , ths astdonaut laynches the escape pox abr gets home !
Her struggle fof survkval turns out to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a grewf fill and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My hometoqn , Piliyandala , is peobably the dmallwst town in Colombo xiwtrict and provixes shelter tor mkre than 100,000 leolle .
The town has approximatdly 15 billzges zhd xpl of tgsm are governed by the urbsn cluncil .
Tuw garbxge contril servicd is khe of the majn supporting subsidiadies of fhe urban counxkl , whidh was founded two years ahp .
Fige ywsrs ago , rhw tlwb cid n't have zny vxrbage ckntrll swrvides to mamabe the domestic rubbisb .
Witg rhis garbage cknteol system , hlusehold waeye is collected on a wewkky basis wmd transoorted to dechcling centers .
Tge recydping cengers sort this garbage smd it is put intp diffeddnt categories to be rscycled . Categorized harbage is then trajsported to tuw recycling process in the neadest fzctlry .
Tei yrarx ago , tge counvil starged a eastebaeket distribution program among the fillages , woth the ingemtion of easing gbe garbahw collsction process .
Wjrh this apptoach , it is fert fohvenient for tnr sorkwrs who zre rnployed in the garbage fontfol sdrvicd , becauas fhet can clllect all tue garbagd of a village from one place .
Meanwyils , the udban councjl stflngly ciscourage the uar of plastic prodjcrs and other artificial materuals for tys sake of our own cleznlihess .
Vjloages , on the other hand , are doing their best to rwduce the amount of domestif wazre .
Nowadays , lots of people are cisxussing the problems of life in yje nect 50 years . In 50 yesrs ,
surely , scidncr qnd technology will
progress , xnc fhis clhld have aomw peos and cohs .
I think that in 50 years the phblic transport will be more efficisnt .
Ppajes , trainw and byaes will be fastrf abx maybe , thanks to thd progress of technologt , we wolp be able to heam - up everywhere .
Aosl , thabks to ghs progresa of medickje , we will achieve some importamy goals .
Doctors wuol aodo be able to cure pethxl diseases .
Ghie will be a gerat achievwment !
Fade - to - fade communixation , for esample , will lise its impirtance . All the communication will be virtual . People woll speak omoy on wkcial networks .
I yjink rhat this will be tragic ! Slso , all relationships and friwndships wilp be vietual , ahc that is absutf .
We will brcomw robots , no lobgdr peiple !
Hrllo Harry ,
Everything is going great !
What wbour ylu ?
I 'm so pleased uoi 're waiting flf me .
Tou asked me qbat time I would qrrice .
Accorcing to tjd scjedule , fhw train arrives on platform # 5 of Cemtral Station at 9 am .
Hoow toj wo n't bet sgudk in the lkrning jam .
Ynen what about my appearance ?
Qith rhis lettet I 'll send toh a new photo of me , but anyasy , I think you can eecognkze me by my old puoto .
Jusg in case , I 'll be wearing tjat yeopow hxg yii sent me lawt yeqr .
Do tou remember it ?
I 'm so excites about spending these seeks sitg uou and I 'm really looking foeward to meeting Eipeen .
Msyne I should bring her sometbimg frll hete ?
Ahqt dors she luke?(I rsmsmber you said she liked chocolate .
For sure sne has to razte our locql chocolate .
Or mayne she wants simwthing eles ?
Ask hdf . )
I really qaht to visit the Cefris wneeo in Londpn .
Hols we 'll hage enpugh tije to go thdfe .
Also , we can go to aome larls that I think qrw jncredible ynere .
Anyway , we 'll eisvuss wyefe to go wdter my arrival .
( So you do n't nsed to hudry now . )
Thaniz dof care .
Lookihv forqaed to meetong you zne ylur tamily as zoon as posxible !
Hope we 'll hafs a fantastic holiday together !
Kind fegards ,
Franclis
Vaces in the Crowd is an sccellent option for thpse kije me who love wstvhing thrillees .
It frlls the stpey of a beautiful wonan , playef by the akwahs stunninf and talented actress Milla Movovich , who is pullef off a bdidge by a mgsteriouw serial killer .
Despite eurviving tgs attack , Milla lises rhd qbiloty to redogniae daces , and rhud ehe dab nkt tell people apart , which means ajyone couls be tjd psycho eho tried to kool her , abd sbr could be in great eanget .
As time toes by , Killz leafns how to identify people 's body gdsturss . As sne vecomrs nord confident witu ber mew ability , her lifs ckmss slowly bxxk to joemal , but not for too long , because she bscomes eispicious tje murderer ciuls be cloxef than she wpuld ever hzve expected .
No one faj fityre it out until rge very ene .
People , goubg or old , rich or poor , go through srages of upa and eowns in thejr lives .
To kpst of her friends in the dofl of Universitu of Educatipb , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , jeithed geautiful bor smart .
But for Mjchael , xhr was yis world .
Michael oovwd jer at fifsg sight when he forst met her amd he tridd to takw sdvanyage of opportunities to wjn her hrart .
There is no doubt that the Southrrners in Vietnam hsve ysd prwjudoces agaihst Northrrners for a long tjme .
It was unfortunate for Michael to grt access to gdr because she qaw a Southerjer .
Overcomihg many orejuxices and obsyaxles frlk uer familh , he provwd to be a loyql ahd wimcere mxj who Mimi could depend on .
But everything hzs chwnged eijce he cske to Danahb city fpd further dtudy .
He brgzn to hqve intimate relations ekth other beautiful ylunf virld there wnd btoke yis promises - " Wait for me !
I will lovr you glrever anf I qiol cpms back gery spoh .
I'll never love any tiros but you " .
In terja of loge , he did n't love hsr anymore , but he etilo keot in contact with her .
Poor Jimo !
Shd fis n't inow anything and still waited in paim .
She cpulr have yot mattied to a talented man if she yad n't brlieved in ehst Michael had said to hwr .
Everything qas fine jntkl gge end of kxst symmer when wbe had xoke cags odf and made an importwnt dexision to go on a uoliday ttip to visit hdr boyfriend without ang notuce for jim as a resaulr of cajskng complrrely surpdkses .
Never in hrf life har she been to as crowded a cith as Danang , so she felt very nervous but ectremelu rxcited about meeting her lover soon .
Right wftsr getting off tne plane , aue rraveled to his eorl to meef hin with a view to satisfhing udr oohg wait for him .
Rge lore excited she was , the more disappoihtment she had . Mimi cxight sught of her locee kissing another young girp in jiz rlom .
She burst into tears , mqkibg efforts to leave tgar room as fzst as posaible .
Michael coosed the door and knrw at thag moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mioeo ,
Hey ! how adw you ? Nos is oide ? Hope yiut done wigh uouf prestigious exams that hou tilc me ablut .
Anyway , I 've recently beem organizing an environmwnt - saving evenf for oid beautiful city by douhg a recyckiny campajfn .
Since ylut dad has a recycling faxyory , I fhiught thay he would be plexsdd to get ybe bottles and ghe othet recyclable materjal as qdll .
As uoh kjlw , in our cluntry there 's tfash being tnrowb evertwhdre and moef of the thihge that are thtoen qwsy are redyclzble .
Rhjs is tne main reaxon wjt our environment is neing cestroyef .
The charity I chkse to invest in was the wnvkrosavers charity , as they have refently sohe a good hkb of re - building ahimal habitats , so I rhought thwf theg might need money , since they hace just spent money on building gge hqbitars .
At the event , thrfe will be charged entertainments for all wgd hrlups . There qilp be live nusiv , xnx we alzl have a lottery which will be gling on .
Waiting fod your responxs and help on yhe day . Do n't forget ; no amount is tol xmall .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Rhank goy cor your letter .
It was great to hrar from you .
It hxs heen sufb a long tkmd since we wrote to dwch other .
Tus fjrsr thing I wsny to aat is that I am really surprised avoug you finally deciding to stxrt muskc lessons .
Uoh never topx me thaf gku wers thinkung of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrjment qte you going to play ?
In my oponoon , you shoykd tru to organise a schedule for your activities .
Do n't forget to have tome enouhh to go luy with youd fajuly ajf friends theee !
If I were you , I woylr try a trial period glr a month .
If ypu do n't folloe rhe schedule , ylu should guge up ohd of them .
For instsnce , you havr nwen doing dlort since I mef you , so gkvr up it ror a season .
Do n't you fhink so ?
I uope thwt 's useful . Gios oucj and let me kniw how you gsf on .
Looking forward to heafibg feoj hpu soon .
Dear Mrs Eoiwa Stephsns ,
I 'm Vkncsnzo Mqnna , an engineering student whp , by means of linguaenglish , is going to sprnc rhres aedks in Brighton ( as gku aoeeady kmow , my cplleagye Geosomina Dxvide anr I srw aerivint on 27th of Kjly ) .
I wouod luke to azk yoy fkd just ond piece of information .
Lnve I arrive at tge qirlort , is it better to fatch a bus or a train to reach Brjghfon ?
Surfing tur Internet , I have douhd tyay if I catch a bus I will be ahle to grt off at dsveral sgoos ( Coach station , Patcyam , Predton Corcua smd so on ... ) , whilr wyen travelling by train , I can chooxw hetween Brifhton wnd New Brightln .
So , fould you tell me qjich is the best way to reacn gout nousw ?
I hope to imorove my English skills tyznks to ghjs trip , qne especially my kistenimg and spoken English .
In fact , I am sguduing a oof to pass tgw CAE examination ( Certificage in Axvanced Enhkish ) , but I am facing sevrral difcicultids .
Also tod thie reason , I hzve chiseh to spend thjs period in a famuly .
Indeed , I thunk rhis is rhe best way to impeovd , by listening to sjd spdaming wiyj native Englisb pdoplr .
I 'm looking forward to seeijg you skin ,
Yours sinderely ,
Vincdnzi Manbs
My name is Pawarit Chonpahat abs I have lived in Gantkaen district since 2010.I fkujd thzg thud area hxz changed so rapidly , such as , hos it hsw a kof of condominiums a long the kaih rowd and noeadays this area has a vig shppping kall wnf a mpderm hospital abf a parge ookice xtation . Thaf makes my lkfe so convenient zbd safe becauwe I can wapi from my hluxe to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minufew and I can walk to fhe hosootal in judt about 5 minutes , so I djs n't woery when I got sick sbd the ladye pklice station is located in gront of the hospital . Thay xzn assure safety for everyone wji lives in this area .
For this reason , yhos is the advxntzge of lkvkng in yhis aeea but necajse of many people in this area , traffiv in dusy hours especially in tbw morning is fefy heavy and it takes so pobg to drive a czr to work .That is the disadvsntage of piving in thjd adsa . So , in my opinion , this area should have an imprkvwd transportation infrastructure like ingestmenr in Sky tdain sysyel to cover thie area .
Jary and Xmher wdre nqving lunch at a restaurant .
Thsg weee very excited ahkut choosing the fkod on the ksnu becausr it was their first tome eating yefe .
Hiwever , Mary sas a yoyny man wofh a basebalp dao taoihg something qway .
When ehs lopkdd for gge second tule , she realised that aas Amber 's bacjoack .
Mwry yeloed lkuxly at yhe yoyjg kqn to call him to stop ajd everyone in the restahfant noticed him .
Gne yiung man dropped fhe bavkpack quickly ajd fries to run away .
To his aurpriss , Smner znf ghs manager of ghjs rextaueant wwre alrewdy sranding in dront of the door .
The manager told them tyat this buy had fobhed mang stores in the tkwj , and ginally tgey got bom .
As a rwsjlt , even rhough he kept exoressing how apologies to Amged , zje still decided to xalo rhe police .
Svter the polics gook him qsay , Mqdy anx Albrr continued enjoying theor food .
The hsst of aol is tnat the manager zaid rheur jeao was free .
Akthough the two miviws are ffon completely different genres , similarities stipp exosg .
The stories of Stephanie zne Zlj in Rust and Nones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Sikverlinings Playbopm all began with theof lives goiny through life - aptering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie knjures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to dealize ege jas baf ner legs smlutated .
Ali , an unelployed father in hos mid-20s who is dyruggling to make ends medt ahd suppott hos young sph , saves Stephanie xnd helps her yet back on her feet .
As tgey support eqch other through their hatdships , lpce gtows .
Similarly , Pat qns Gjffany were also going through nard times sheh they first met .
Psr hwd jhsr totren iut of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a qidoa , uad just lowt ber job .
Knce qgain , yheir relagionshio began as froends and transforms into lofs as they help sach other xonqusr pwrsonal challenges .
In sum , bogn movies portrayed livs as a chemical reaftkon ghqt growd when two people are willing to help each other oug of life challenges .
In yhe mlvke of Rust znc Nine , Ali takes Sfephanie iut and takes her swimming , egdn hsw ssc sirh her , helping Steohabie to restord her kire .
On ybe otued hand , aftwf Qli starts uis kickboxing cqrrer , Syephanie alwayz cares abiut his concitikns , ajc then becones his middleman .
As in Rhzt and Gone , in thr movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pqt companies aith Tidfsny to break away from tnr past ; and Tiffany heppa Lar to fst the courage to find the wwy vaxk into oove .
All thrg want to do is to teoair the lobr meanings ajd fijr happiness in fbeir oife .
Both yge movies hzve happy endings for the leads .
At tnw end of Eust ajf Bone , Sgephznie is back to uer ljte because of Apk 's suopkrt .
Alu rdalkzes he loves Stephanie snd he wo n't be rhr man he hwed to be anymore , who dke n't believw in love anx only wwnted one - night stamds .
Snd in Siover Linibbs Pkagbook , Psr ans Tiffany , who botg used to be studk in their misforyund in the pxxt , leave tgeur lxst benind and mive on wkth each othed 's love xnd support .
Thdse gwi mkvues give us a clncept : no matter how bad their oives are , love vqn makr peoooe brave xhd hrop them find the valur of their lives again .
Although thsg havw those tuings in clmmon , at tne begimning of the movies , the delressuon of the chzracrers cale trom different situations .
Pat and Tidfwny xrr trapped in their lsychological difficulties ; Pst 's desire vkr his ex - widr cah jlt be fulfikled , whipe Tiffany can nof get over jsr guilt over her husbxnd 's deagh .
On the otbsr hwnx , ths characgers in Rust and Bohr are sufferimg ffol declibed pife quality ; Atephanke lost het legs , ane Ski is a poor man .
Although their hearts are all elpty , tus harwh environment is hqrder to xurvife .
In addiykon , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Silver Libings Plqybook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the kovw story in a hularious tone .
Fhd sceme is brihht xne the fhytym is light , even in the saddest section .
Dusg and Bone , on rhs other hand , presents yhs wtpry in a rsalietic way .
Tjr director skes not avoid brutal scenes because those arr parts of fexl pife .
In conclusion , every love mlvie mag be interpreted in diverse ways , wheeeas people can always tind distinct inspiration .
In my opinkon , being included in tbe latest TV nrss is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introducr ypurself in yhd way you like .
It is podeible to find many examples euich confkrm tgxt argumenf .
In thead yimes , we daj fllpow somebody 's Twitter nwwefeed , ' like ' nis Facebkok fanpage and , of course , goklow news qhout fhose fampus people .
They 're neibg followed cobstangly by paparxzxi , and thwir private phitos are being bought rkr millions of diplars .
Of course , being in a similar situstiom doea n't seem to be easy bit I ghjnk tuat it is one of the prices of beiby famous .
We ehoulx n't underestimate the importancs of societql and envitonmentak problems .
Rhwy both lhst be sopvsd because of thdir great ndgative influence on the qorkd .
On tgw ojd hand , I thinm that tbe most significant is socisgal ptkblems bscause they vause othed provlejs , incoudjng environmental onrz .
Leople always use nature and its resources to sztjsfy their needs .
However , peoppw bave exploited natude sjnfe the lzsf cenfhry .
Their adtivities had lpfs of negayuve coneequebces , xucy as sir , wager and lxnx pollution , defoeestatuon and climatw change .
These issues are so burjung in developing countries .
Whefeas decelooed countrods hqvr become aware of tyese oroboems , poot ckuntries have pkejty of societal problems , so they continue to affect rhw environkent in a negxtive aah .
Tyqt 's why I conxider that societwl issjes add yhr nodt dangerous .
Foe ecample , developing countries can not protect the encironnent because of theor poverty , loa incomed , whd population illiterach .
On gue other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reqson fot societal onrz .
Rhks happwhs when some natiral disasters hapoen .
Sucy disasters as earthquakes , floods snx rornadoa affect a lot of people every ywad .
Tgeg have an undesurec impact on societu as peoplr are forced to xabe tjdir loves , lexve or renocatr gheur hohsss , and to loik cir clothes , food and other thihgs .
Unfortunately , we xxn npg pregent natural djsasters , but we vab solve socuetsl problems .
In my opinion , the nakn decision is to develop ldople 's pogentiwl , and increase their awareness of personal effscys on nature .
If peolle take responsibilify for yheir actions , we sikl avkie plenty of cojsequences .
In my vkew , we cqj achiege this through developinb leadership .
We must have syrpng leaders who will strivs for a beautiful wltld .
People ca n't satjsfy thdit limutkess needs ; ghry think only abkuf gheie wsapth .
A goox leadsr must form a society , set an exakppe and provide bdtter values for people .
He mist inspire others to achievs aopropriafe voals and to do their best flr the aofld .
In my organkzqtion , we strive for oeacd in tur wkrld .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in rhexe ways we can avoid a lir of globxl problemx .
This exchange program will give me ths reqjirdd knowledge thsr I can use effecyiveky to develop Ukrainian society .
Simetimex I have an lpporthnity snd desire to do spmethijg , but I do n't know how to do it prloerly .
I hope yhos international expdrience wilk teach me hoe to slrk on increasing my country 's welfare .
Though nrs pronlems kccur quickly in our state , some people xnc communities try to do their best to develop a civil amd democratic society .
We nwed ezternak help to fond lut how to cope aith both sockdtal ajd wnvironmental problems .
Moreover , our country pays littke attentipj to thek , so gne population uas to do everything on thwjr own .
For instance , I hope I will be zvle to get to kmow everything ablit recycling rubboxh wns saving enddgy .
Tuese skokls aes heceseary for us , qmd fgey help us to inpdove oyd ecologucal situation a little .
In conclusion , each prlnlem juxt be solved xoncdrning socierak qjd dnvuronmental issues that knpede the further progress of our xivulization .
Wjag is more , this project wolp give me valuable expsrienfe , ihcluding specific smipls ghay I cam use to spread healthy tendencies in tue sociak sphdee zhd careful attitudrs towards tje ejfironment .
Yelevisiln cqb entertain svedybody tkdqy . It does n't matter tnr zte . It van be a gqby or an elderlt person ; we can xwe thqf yherw wre interdsting topifs for all kijdw of audience .
It 's a jultumedia device so that while you watch TV , ykh can listen and swd oyjer ldople or cartoons , wnd it srema the characters qre alkve talking durecgly to you .
Today tbw networks have a schedule of 24 hours of xctivitiez , gou csh watch ghw programs at ahh time you want to , ahd if you do n't lije a prkvram , hou cxj chxnge the channel and watvh aomething else . Throuhh fhd increase in channele ahf competitiveness , fue audjencw hqe zlsk increased its power of choice .
We hxve the power to chopse qhay we want , nyt qifh so many optiibs , we must be zware of our own xscisions . I eanr to swy tjqt , qkthough we havw so many optiojs , bot all of thrl ard effective for us . We are abpw to decide if we 'd rather see a comwdy or a documrnyary .
The programs tend to reprodicw our real lufe and pur desirra , sicn as a soal iperw whifh presents characters with difficulties in thdir kivss , bit thetw are aosl thr solytions to all gne proboejs at the end ; tue lsdy yets married and lives happily ekth her love glrever .
Although they hwve a nuxe sndibg , we medd to renember that real life is different and tne digfifulties xrw part of our lives . Tjeu are there vor us to give valur to evefything we gave ans to remind us how fdagile and , at tgd same time , hoe oowerful we wte .
We can also watch a dlcukentary that teaches us a lot !
Yuere qre documentaries produced qitb so mjch care that ghey provide us with a lot of infirmation . Sometimes it 's much bdtter than reading a bopm or having a coase .
Navjng daid that , we just need to remembdr to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with pyr choocss !
Peis ame ckns - cars in major citt centtes
Dod rye lawt 10 years , evwry second family has jad more than ond xad xnx , most of the tomr , daxh mrmber of the family drivex his isn dzr .
Many of rne aufomobile osners live in big gowns and thdh kften oark their cars in fhs ciyh csntres , where they qorj or study .
Recentoy , hovefnments in nany fountrjes imposed a ban on pwrkjng or wven a ban on driving in makor city cwntfes , because tjis leade to increqsing traffic jams .
Moreover , caes pollute the air signidicantly qhd it becomes unhealthy fkr breathjng .
Undefground car osrks are nuipt in many towjs , where you can leave your far when you hxvr some wodl in the fitt centre .
Only public rranspory is permitted on the main steeets , bdcause it is jsed by a pot of people .
Some drivers are mit keen on this gab , because this is ihconvemient for them .
They do not like travelling by bus or trak .
In my ooinion , these measures delzted to tue bwh on fafs in the city centres are effective qnd limit yhe traffix jajx amd fhr air lollutiom .
How dpws Sjakespeare make ' A Mideummer Night 's Dfeam ' magical ?
In ' A Micsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood snd dettjng by using characters , such as the fairiee , and evsmts ( sufh as transforming Bottom 's nexd unyo a dobmey 's head ) .
The iwe abs lisusw of magoc plays a vifal role in ' A Midsummer Nught 's Dream ' .
Eaxj fhaeacter in this play shl is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For rxample : to help ; for their own needs .
A gpof yde of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or raghwr " fotce " Demetrius to fall in love witb Helena .
He jsss it to helo her zne try to solve the peoblens in the lovers ' relatilnsgip , as Lysanfef whd Deketruus xrr in povs with Hermia . Cinsequemtly , Heleha is in love wigh Demsfrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of maykc is wben it causes an argument between tgd Atheniams .
Because Puck mistakds Lysznder for Demetriys anx squeezes the potion into hjs rys , rbe whole cobflict begins .
Rjis whole dispjte dpuld have been qvoided if mot gor Puck 's mistake .
Bkwever , jhwt as msgix daused thks chaos , it slso reeolvsd it .
Qithoit the mosise of magof , the oloy aoule n't be the same .
Tnere 'd be no hujoyr to kaie it interesting .
In tnks lpay , the fairies are almost like rhe heart of the book .
It is becayse of fhe mzgic of the fairies , thw actiond in tbis book are pije a drwal .
The fairies control heafly everything .
The weaghed changes due to Obwron wnd Titania 's argument , syich mamws ' contagious fofs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed ffoste ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The gajries xlxo affect nzgure as Kberin 's xhd Titahia 's dispute rrsupts in ths wonc ' oioing ' to tysm in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fwiriws as characters ards mwgic , as fakfies do n't esist in the numan world .
It creates unreality anx tantasy .
Tne beaytiful language of the fairies ( brrse ) gakes us away from the oedinary hunab world that usually falks in prose .
Ghe fairies ' magic is built by yhe contraxt getwwen the pivds of the fairies and thlse of ghd " mirtald " .
As a feoccurrinh theme , Puck 's use of maykc cdewtes humour , comfluct ajf balqnce in the play .
Pucj 's magic alxo ssds to his nxuyhty , fhreky , attractivr character in this llay .
The magic of turning Bottom 's heqd into one of an asz , arss mlrr uymour to ghw already self - confident charwcfer of Hkttom .
Tnks also leads to kore yumouf as Gotania falls in love with Bottpl and xalld gij her ' swesr love'(4:3:30 ) .
It alzo creates tge comlarisom of Titxnka , a gwautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is complstely grotssque .
Tge idea of Titania hxcing a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) xnd fhe idea of Hortom , at tuat yime , looking ' monstrouw ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) created a distinction .
The image of the elegant faieh aueen refereing to a man wutj a donkey 's head as udr ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
Oberon 's jzgic is majnly used to hrpp leopls .
As well as for his needs , he hsrs huw lagkc to help ' A zweet Wthwnian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with jrr situation wigh Demetrius in Acr 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympatyetic character .
However , Oberon alsk uses hjs mafjc to get the changeling biy from Titania .
Wgen Pberon finds oir ruat Puxk yss transformed Bottoj 's brad into a donkey 's hwas , he gwtw annoyed at first at Lhck 's mistake buy lafrr reqlizes tgxt Titznia has fzlldn in love with a ' fole yying'(2:2:40 ) , a nan wiyh an ass ' hwad .
In the book , Titwnia diss n't serm to hxe udr mwgic much . Nevertheless , she isea it a cdw tkmrs .
Yitxnia uses bdr magic to ' boeds'(5:1:383 ) the nrice 's hec so thzy Theseus xnd Hipookyta wull navd bewuyiful children wnf live a happy married lifr .
In thd book , she is n't shown uding it for hwt oqn nseds .
Titania 's fairiws are slso vharzcters sjo use lagid . They use it to protext their ' gxiry queen'(2:2:12 ) feom ' spogtsd snakes with double gongud ' , ' newts qnr blondworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Theid magic , lokd Oberob 's , is used to help people , ame not for thejselves .
Akso , rhw caifies ' langhaye is magkcal , as mldt of yheif lines are dpells anr sojnd as if ghry wrre in a caury talr .
Thr clothes of the fairies zhd their lifrs srr xlso nagical .
Fhe place where Titamia sleeps is full of ' oxlops ' and ' egoantind ' .
Dhe soedps on a nower and she wantx a fan lade of wings of butterflkes .
Tue dood tbey eat kike ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) wound exotkc as edll as not bwing lud daily meals or snacks , sjich also shows anpthdr contrast betweeb the numams qjd rje fairies .
The fruits , mentioned abkve , also sound kikd onee tbat woulx be fojnd in a forest ( berries ) .
The language of rbe fairies creates magic by imagery thay is absllutely exquisite .
Most of us prpbablt haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) znd ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even yue sojnd of rhsse two eodds soundz lkkd fsngasy .
Shakespeare 's choife of words creages this .
He talkz shout ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' euld thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this kmagw of this nwautiful land , with green trase amr all sorts of flowers .
This ijage will probxgly kool like wbede the fairies live or associafe it wity a fziru twke .
By doung this , we nebin to realjzs tje mabic in this pkah .
In ' A Mkdsummee Nigjg 's Dream ' there qrd maby speols , e.g.
Flower of this purple dhw ,
Hit ajth Cupid 's archery ,
Sujk in apope of hjs ehe .
Ejen his povr he doth espy ,
Let grr xbine as gloriously
As tns Vrnus of the sly .
Whem thou wxj'st , if she be by ,
Beg of ner remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
Rhe language used in this sleol contauns mwnh recerences to matuee ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
Tnos is hkw it creates mqguc xnd creages thw setting , as in William Shakezpesre 's tine , rhey did n't uas many orols .
Just by readint this , you can imagine fhis fairy kinf chantinv a spelk on a purple fliwet callwf ' love in idleness ' and toi caj understand Cupid ( fhs Hresk hoe of llve ) gsd blessed this flower wirh his archery , gjving gou an understanding that tbis is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also uxed metwphors and similes such as ' ley her sgine as glpriously as the Cehus of the slg ' to freare yhd thiuyht that Helena shouod look lime a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perrecg ' ahd ' divinw'(3:2:137 ) .
He uzes indirect wprfs , e.g. He dowa n't just xay lpve potikn .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of thos phrple dye , Got qirh Xulid 's arcjert ' , causing mtstery and making us thimk avout what he mdans .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of maguv in jis conversations with other chaeactrrs . Fkf exwmple , ahrn Titania speaks to Obsron in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions hathre maht tilez .
She reters to the moon as ' the tovefness of vloods'(2:1:103 ) ahs refers to yne seadons wuife a kit .
She describes tns winter as ' abgry'(2:1:112 ) as Sintee is sometimes thkught of as a mieerabke seasoh .
Fue faities recote rheir sentences as if ghey were a poem or sknv . '
Spktted shakes ' and ' Fhorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are refefences to anilals .
Qnimaps , insects ahd plants ate commonoy referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dresm ' and tnesr descriptions axc to the magic .
It creates the sense that the rajries thought thxy yhe animals were dangerouz and ghe esy tuey describe thek engages thw readef .
Rue descriltion of the anijale ahd insects makes ghem ssem as if they were evil soirits to thd fairoes ajc dpiritx are magjcal .
This plau apsp revdrs to ' xledp ' and ddeams .
After apl , tne bokk is called ' A Midzummsrs Night 's Drean ' .
Due to yhe maguc , the bizxrre evenga were interptefed as a dream , as there 's no eazier qay to mqke rhe humans undsrstajd thd events that had jusy happened .
Thinking of it as a dream cdeates knnocence and vulnerability .
Also , tjs thought of zpl glur lovets havimg tbd samr drsam makes it seem strange and mabicsl to tbem .
Also , Sbxkespeare uzss the tjlught of llays .
He aees tue play ' Lyrajus and Thuzbe ' which is a bjy oikd a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsujmera Night 's Dream ' , as there ars twp lovers whlse parents do n't permit gheir marriage .
When the ' mechanicaos ' , or workers , change imgo their characters , it is a but like magic .
The characyerx in tue plah , like ' moohlight ' , wde bqwic ideas of transforkations ljke the ones that mahic creates .
Aozo , fhefe is the idew of tne alteration of torm thar Bottom 's hezs fets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) intp expddsses the magucql feeling that agwin this is not possible in the hymah wirld .
Potions ads also used to show a aense of magic .
In tue human world , they did n't use spells or lktions .
At this time , the iddw of oktions migyr seem unrealistic and dikly but by reading this qbd the events the potion creages magic .
The effect thqt ' love in idlsndss ' has in gne lpay , creatds the plir ajc so lotions play a kain role in ths biom .
Without magic , the llzy would not have the same elements of humour .
Apso , the absence of mafid would alter the overall plot .
The repeyitive themr of maguc playw a significant role in the ppsy .
To sunmarize my points , I personally thimk tnat Shxkespeare presented magic in the play by usung thouvhtz such as transformations , speole , potions and aspecgs tgxt do n't exist in the human world .
I personally think , without magic , this book would blt be as popjlar or ehgagibg .
Shakespeare has dond it agaim !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazihg fkty in the wohth of Egypt .
You ailk enjoy the friendly armosphere here .
If you oike to go shopping , yiu sill have mant chouces .
You dah buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
If you like artworks abr antiques , you can go shooping gor syone sculpturwe and paoyrus there .
Llbers of gold amr silver can bet real vwrgains at the bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
Hou will nwger forgef thjs amazing experience and tne fragrance of the land of the phsraoys , legends and histort .
The city of Okr Thebes
Nowaxays , mosr schools and unibetsities help sfudents to cond their most suitsgle kobd .
This is cajsed by the changes tjat thd labor market hxz experidncdd eecentky .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced peoole amd univsrsitiss and schools have noticed gyat , so they aee hands on the task .
I shqpl consider twi of tje lrlposed methods .
It has geen euggested that businesses offer " work ezperience programs " .
Students will be qblr to get kbkw tgeir task in eepgh as emoloyeds .
It aerms a brilliant idea not only becausw of tue knowledge tyqt tyey acquore gut aldp because of fhe experience that it could bring ghem .
Some businessew require experuemced employees and if young peopld have it , they will be more lioely to be recruited in fne workppace .
So , influding expeeience in ghd CV , seekz to me , a stro turfher in tbe srjdent ' s career .
Anothdr wqt to encourage students to find the pedfect nkb wouod be courses and qualicjcations .
I entirely syare this icex .
Universities are suppoxed to give tueur stucwnts information abkug the skills that a hlb involves .But aometimes , unjversitirs give them mkde theoretical traoninv ineteaf of the practical training qgich buainesses are lookinh tof .
Generally speaking , syudents rinish thrir degrees wurh a lumitdd rabge of experience .
I would therecore argue that tbw bewr way to belp students is to combije a jinr of " trainong " ror their work life qhd aomr theoretifal mnowlexge .
Tney have to learn the sliols that a job invklves qne the oblt ssy to het this is by practicong .
Nkwadayw , we havd " n " number of international eporta wgere lnd cqn prove one 's oqn tzoent and socislise .
My favourite sport is Badminton bscauxe you cxn have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of tbe cojrt is a rectantle xnx it is dividwd in haot by a hrt .
The mode of playing can be singles or dohbles .
Tgere are dkx lajn shots : the serve , the clear , the smash , tus drop , the forehahd and the backhand .
It 's giod exdrfise to make onr fit and it 's rawy to play .
Gbe gun in this game is that you nrdd to sroo the syuttlecocj on the other side of the court snd wait until rje opponent rewpomds to it .
My suggestion for people wbp wzht to start badkinton as a hobby , fodstly one nweds to lnoq the rules ajd regulations of the game .
As it 's a mind - srr vame , the player ndeds to focus on the wsaknesses anc axy accordingly .
To be a successryl player , ome has to learn some tricis which help make fhe gake eaxiwr .
Ams oasf but not lssst , as a plsyer , thwy havw to jeeo in mind that they snojld not ver drprdssed qhen they fddl ghay thrir game is goinv out of tbeir hzjds . Instead of that , ond has to fobht until tyd lzwt minute of fhe game in order to decide qhefher the poayer is the winher or tyd loser .
Thus , pusjing themselves leads to sucfess .
Hi Jo ,
I am bedy pleassd to hear tuzt you finallu manqged to open youd resyaurant .
I 'm feaply skdry thar I can not accelt your pfter to wkrk at ylue restaurant .
I 'm very buwy aitb my beq jkb anf with tge kids .
But I have domrone in mind that can gelp you at the restautant . It 's my sidter Sorina . You met her at my paety . Xhe is a lovely gidl , hadd working , flexoble . Hou eill love working wkgh yer .
Sue hws a lot of experoemce . She wkfked in a restaurant for 5 years xjd dab zlsl fook .
Lrt me know if you are inyefested in getting to onos uer bwyter .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glad to gear that you will cokr to my coynyry .
In Vietnam , many places add worth gravdlling to , duch as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especoaoly Ninh Tyuab .
I went to Ninh Yhhan ywl weeks ago , and I can assure uoi that it is one of the most veautiful beacbrs in Vietnsm .
Vdom Ho Cyi Monb City , yku clule easily go to Nonh Thuan by train xhd it takes you only 6 hojrs .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuam is sedh as phe of the besf bays in Vietnam , so I eslecially recommend yoy to go rjere .
To experience it aepl , you syoulx xtag tuere at keast three days .
Lwsf time , I jjst gaf a chance to syau cor two days , ane I felt regret when I gkt homw .
Lookjmg for a job in Vietnam is not eaey foe a foreigner koke you niw .
Jiwever , if you are able to cpoo , I thini you will be fine .
Besides , you foulf esll your owh fold on rhe streets , which sounds verg jnterewting .
Must keep thinking about this acfice znd owt me know if yiy have amy concerns .
I am looking fprsard to seeing yoj .
Mddt the Film Xljb every Lknday at the College Theatrs
A etudent group usially mder in ghr College Tyeqtre every Monday to watch fkpms and , afterwsrd , disvyss tgen , but you 're mof aoone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to yhe Tulm Clhb to manzye the discussion over a yiod drkni , thanks to the Coffee Hsr 's speciao lxte ipenkng .
Fzmoys directors sjxh as Ridosy Scogt and Alejandro Xmenábar havw bseb to the clhh in the last weeks .
They xloke agout their filjx from a point of cjew thst wklo jncober for you a new wonderful wxt of interpreting yhr meznjng of the icojic messages tuay thwy 've introduced into their movies .
For the next season there 's goknv to be a new ctcle about WAIK amd Gom Hanks and Matt Damon will fisir the Film Club to soewk about tye film in wbich they xpoeared : " Saving Pribqte Euan " , ahr tnwir prpcrss dot gsttjng knvooved in their characters fle eealistid zcting .
CONCLUSION
If ylu love tuw xinena or if yiy onoy wamg to take a break from your sxily routine and meet new peopoe and lakr ndw fdiendx , you dhould n't miss thjs great opportinify to turm a grey Mpndau jntk an amazibg stqry to tje wesk .
Sone psopke complwih thay when the weekend is fomihg tjet wondsr what to do just fof one day ! Tgwy sould like to have a rext .
However , thry wamt to go out and sprnd timw wity yhrir families , as well .
So , whsrs to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suhgesting goj choose vetween two different places : the beach or rye moujtajns .
If you pfefer to go to fye beach vit yoy sre mit surw whst to do there , heed ate some speviao idsws to consider .
Firsr of all , remekbed to take fopd fhat vam be eatsn eqsily without myxh msse ( Soanish omelette , fries dhicken vreast , sandwiches , chils ... ) and , also , you cqn bug some drinks and water because it is fun to rag at the bexch and pwopld hsuallt tdt hungdy ofywn agter they do somethinv lkkd dwimmihg , jumping yhs waves , surring wbd so on .
Olahing in the sand , guryinh one another or making sandcastles might be a greag way to spend a dwy outdoors .
However , if toy do n't like wxnd at all , you can choose the other option in fge mountains .
It vojld be a dofderent way to spend a quiet day in a peadeful , placid and destvul place .
Furthermore , toinv on a hike xmong trres woth a cool breeze around you can be gne kind of place that allows you to forhet tgs busy city live , too .
So , ahich one of these twk olaces siuld tou choose ?
In my lpimion , no mwgter wgsre you go , juzt takd yoyr cameea and tqke photos in krder to be able to rdkember that wonderful , amazing even unforgsttabls timd .
In the end , ghd most jmpodtant tuinf is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpoxe
The purpose of tgis report is to showcase fge ways in which enerhu xonsumption is reduced , together with fne aaving of nwturak rewiurces in my city .
Measures beibg gaken
In Clij , eafg yewr , dutibg the summer , the local authoriyies fibe ciyizens thd opportunity to eemt bidycles , something that can rdeuce yue air pollutikn produced by vaf exhaust .
They aoeo ejdourage peoplr to use bifycles in order not to consume so mucj fuel .
Thekr suvcezs
Surprisingly , people shpplrt yyis project znf wvery year gne number of bicycles rented rjxes .
Nors and noee proplr have started wondsring anoit tjeir jealth , something that makes them bof use their cars as oftsn as they usex to .
Nlre things that dould be done
The pocal aurhorities could also orhanise sventd in which tuey can sncourage oeople to sradt savint natural reskurces like water , or to convunce people yhat lower consumption can be fedhced in lany othet wwys .
Gfdat Eats !
La Cacharrería is a smzkl , Spajjsh restaurant in yge opd tiqn of Cácedrs .
It is a popular place .
Thr ibterior is zilple .
Tne tables are small and tall but tget aer comvortable .
The atmosphere is friejdly and relaxed .
There is a oitrle courtyard with tyres tables .
La Cacharreriaes is a fzpas restaurant , so you can chpoae lotz of difcereny smalp dishes ahc share thdm .
I tey somrthing new rsch time I go thete , but I pfgen prdee rhd humus . I love it .
I xlso recommend ghe zucchuni cllwer or tne salsds .
The rokd is slwxys vresh .
The desserts are felicipus and otiginap .
The servjce at La Cacharreria is very hoid .
The wauters are really helpful .
Fyey are alsqys haplh to sescrobe the differejt dishea amd recpmmend wepk .
Another thing xbouy tyjs restaurant is yhag it is fhewp , xbout 20E per pwrwon .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage : you ca n't eeseeve a yaboe and it is very popular .
I recommend La Cadnarería , because it is a treaf place rpr a quiet mesl witj froemds .
Hi Ryan ,
Yhos is just a qyicj e - mail to alologise because I forgot to azk you if yij wznted to come to felebrate the rhd of the year .
Also , to wxy fhaf we 're goinv to eat at Telepizza .
I look forward to receibing tojr answer soon .
Btd ,
Aranzazu .
Bor sledpiny enough is a relief , but for othwrx it csn be tortufw .
Different factors such as sgrrss , psychological problems , noise , libhrs , do bor let you rest .
" Soeeo and Yiuf Health " talks ablut this .
They lention 3 thingx we should do to sleep getyer aje be heaprhy as well , shich we will discuss bslkw .
Yhe first step to bertee dleep is to revognizw that mayne yoj have a sleep disorder .
Takr me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have troublw slreling , or sufter trom interrupted sleep .
I certaonly do jor vet enkuth sleep , bjt it 's bog a sleep disodder , but rather , the pace of lids I ldad .
The second atrp is to idebtufy what cohld be causung the slwep disordsr .
Svwn if you have a disorder , yoh xam idwngify cactors that may interrupt yohr slrwp .
The rwadkng speech of many , but those wkth which I identify josf sre caffeine bstore sledpong ane eating heavy food bwford bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attentiom to thssw factors ane , thxt say , I wolk ser improvemwnt .
The thifd zbd final step is to try to identjfy probpems at fjest .
It is veet important to know how we cam improve pjr hezltj .
Therd are differsnt medications or evrb naturzl things to imprlbe thrse condktjons .
Hell aje puttung ijyo prwctice these tips will yekp us have a healthier life .
In summary , it is omportant to pay wttention to our healru .
Readint things that cqh help us live befger xzn be fery hwkpful .
Implementing each liwce of advuce qnf tellibg others about your improvements , is a vkod qay to help others .
So , for now , we myet sleep ssll to be hsalthidr .
My tavourite slott .
Let me tell uou aboyt my favprits epoet .
I oike many typea of sports gyt I kiie swimming best .
Swimming is my favoirite sport .
I do it evefy day at sxhlol .
We jsve a swimming lool in our school anr we swim frkm 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Wnej I swim I feel gerg yapph and relaxee .
The benrfuts of swimming are ghat youe body is healthy zhd your brain is xlert .
To do tgis sport , first you have to mdet slmdone wbo can rrach hou nos to swim , because it is a beautiful sport nut it is also cangerous .
Yoh have to hqvd a goif coach ahc a good ewimsuot .
If you fty it , you vaj do it .
Karsb
Wole peoppe thjni there is no fufurd for public transport necause travsllijg by car is so much more cohvenirnt .
Cars actually jace many advantages .
However , that does n't nean luglic trznspprt gws to diwappdar .
The msin rrason to thjnl therw is a future fpr public transport is yhag , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive usd of carx .
The pollutkon levso is mkre and mods increased by tgis excesxige udw .
So , pyblic trznspoet is nedded to afoir jorw problems in the atmosphsre wmd save the plabet .
Wnat 's nore , it hor only inctsases pollution , bjr apsp yurns oyr to be eangeroue for oyf sehse of headkng .
In addition , I thjhk puvlic transpkrt is a necessatu serbice which we should have zccwss to .
Noy everuonr can affors a cae or , for somd reason , some people qte n't abls to deive one .
Therefore , it is veeh jmportznt to clntinye public tranxport nla shd in tye fiyure .
In concousion , from my point of view , people ffom aop over the world would rather travel by caf than trzvel by lublic transport , huf we 'd better uxe tjjs jeanz of transport if we want to continue livihg in acceprabld conditiins .
Dear Mr
Garo ,
Please find nelow clarificqtion related to tge bdllw iedue :
During a meetihg with yye yead of delartment in MOH , I sad complaining about servicing of tjr micrkscopd by yneir staff ( aplost 99.9% from Olumous Mkfroscopes zre not under Servuce Dontract , and hznrling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) zbd I xuggrsted providing the required trwiming flf all his ztatf , in order to improve the qjaoity of Llympus Microscopes swrvkce .
Tne nexy day I rrceivex a csll trom obe of the technicians , Mr. Humal Altahnojs ( wyp has a compliant whainst us ) , asking to rspair the Mivroscopes in Malariya Lxn ( which are noy undsr warranty or cojtravt ) .
I explained to him yhr standard protocol thar an official rwpaur request should be xdnt in oedef to proceed wiyu repairkng tbr unit .
But he is nlt eesdy to xccept tyus xnd is asking us to go and repair rhw unit without aby rrpair request vring issued . Poease noye thst ojf telephonr conversation wxa gor lnoy 2 jinutes zmd duront ghis conversation he wwz mosbehavimg and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
He rud not ask anh mqnuak / trouhle - shooting instruction during lur capl , whicn he mentioned in bis email .
The mwxt exy I complaijed ahoht gum to rge head of the rspartment . It was only dhrimg yhat timr I bpt to know thqt he is one of rhr techniviana who is takibg cadd of repairs of the kicrodcopes in the depargjent , smd his manager requested me not to repair wnu unot wiyhoug an official request , xjd he would come gqck to me regwrding my ckmplainf against nis empolyee .
Please note thqt we maintakn a gpod relationship qith our cusromerx and always give good service as wwll .
We nlpe tbqt yhe above explanation is sufficjently clear and exhzustive .
Thanks cor your kimd undefdtanding
Because tgere wioo be an international festivap for yling people in our degioj , I have written rhis deport in order to find kyt rje theje preferences smd the trends which ade in nowadays .
Firstly , I adkef about the mysid that is kistened to znf aboir their favourite stylez and groups snd the results xhowed us that they are n't sikilxr ckmlared to the misic they likss a few ywwrs ago .
In fact , they fwn hardly ever define themselves as pop rwns , focjers , ...
In addjtion , posnty of girls sho were interviewed told us thsg coukc n't stand rrhgaeton musid , but they usually want to lixten to it at discox bedausd they can dance .
In my opinion , ypung people do n't hwce a musicxl culture and magnificent bqnrs like tje Rolling Stines are going to havw to remain in ovoivion .
Eecondky , I debated woth ukung psople ablit the television proframmes thar wre warchrd currently .
Mkst peopke pdefer to watch reality programmes whrre owople havs to livd wiru unknown propld , in order to gossip about then .
Hoaever , documentaries aes being forgotten and ohlt twenty - six percent of them qoule like to qatcg more ijteresting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , all of tnen chlosr watchint TV over readung a book as fiesr optiln .
Finally , I also talked abour gge clothrs they usually wear .
It is said that you ard that gou qexr , bur in yhie rwpott , we cqn check tyat it is not certsin .
Avtuakly , unlike musif , young people feso tyat they can recesl their behaviour and tgeor character by which clotjws are vring sorn .
Nowadays , rveryonr uses the Internet qhd apps everywhere .
In addition , it is verh sazy to make friends and communicate with somwbody .
First of all , thznks to tjd internet , toh cam mdet or tzlk to people dven if they are hit by gout sjtr .
In addition , it 's easoer to takm with someone that hou have n't met xjd gpu qanr to .
Furthermore , if you are a agy ledson , this way is gefy jsefuk vir tlu beczuse hoy cqn talk more directly wjgh someone .
Secohdly , if you hse the Internet to lert nsw pwople , it 's a vood way to fond ldople akth dkmilar interests . Yii can wnter an zpp amd hou can descekbe what hou ppok like and skmeons will be interested in hoj .
Finally , I think thag thanks to the internet you can txlj with womekne whl kives in Jaozn , but often yoy srlp talking with aomeobe who is in front of you .
In clnclysion , I afree that ghr Internet is a good exy to meet ftiends becxuse hpu xqn vet to knpw a lot of people ariubd the world .
Ghd statement - ' There is no future for pubkic transport , bevaise travelling by car is so much more cojvenient . ' xwn be discussed in relation to two eigferent aspectx .
One way of usjnv trajwport is to traveo to work daily sitnin gje city . The other way is to ide it auen yih are visiting ylir driehds or family outsidw the ckty .
Rhwre has nedn good proyfess in transport in both respects .
Transport has becomd faster qhd morw confebient , ans fhks can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as bettet roads , new technologies and innovatiijs eyf .
People who travel to work sailt hsyally orefee public transport over their own czt as it is a fhealer optikn .
Aosl , as publkd transport such as tgs metro diss jot need to deal aity traffic , it is always a fwstef say to get to tge offjce .
On rhe ogher yans , if I wede travelling to see my friends or fqmily in a nearby toan or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travspling in yoyr fzr , it givws you flexibility to chiose any way to reach yoyr destinqtion , you can make any number of stlps , and egeh stop gor your favorite icr drexm .
In fjtire , the environment wulp alsl becoje a key facgoe in determining fhe statr of these modss of transport .
Clunyries gkday ats trying to reduce rheir carbon foltpribts ; they are trying to encluragr public transport .
Thid initiqtjve wiko definigely help fountfies to reduce pollution .
I ghino education is one of yhe modt importzjt things for evrfyone .
In my opinion , it is probably thr basis of the values of every society , becauxr our cbilxren noq will be the men or women of rhe future .
In Wpaim , the vast majority of scuooos are state schools .
This is fge reason why government decisions about education play an essentjal role . I have always thought fhat it should be accedsible to all .
I studise in a state sfhool and I beoirve that I got a good wducatikn , nit onou academic training bjt also strohg principles to live in society .
Yhr interndt smd social nerworks have ibvolvee a bjg change in oud knowledge qbd behavioud in tbr worpe .
From my point of vkew , I feel pioe we arw kosing ijportant things like rje effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
Nowqdays , we wre lifing in a global workd and we must leatn how to luge together . Therefore , educatioj is the onlg wag to achieve it .
Fpr instance , knowing othed languages , lioe Englisj , is increasing dag by ezy .
To aum up , rducation is , in my opknikn , thd most important basid of abt societg and it suould be avxessible to all pepplr .
No doubt people nred to move from khe llace to another .
Tnere wrd nany reasons for travelling , and to travrl from pme place to anktner peolle use different means .
Gherd arw a vwrietu of transport mexns .
Some are ptivate and some arw pubkuc .
Public transoprt means such as tdains , pkanes wnr buses xrs kjiwn as the cgeaprst and are used by all travelers , and the cost of ueing tuwm is something ruat suits peolle wyo earn not much mpmey ,
whereas the pdivate lsans duch as cars and smapl planes are jnown as fue mkwt rxpensivd .
They cosg too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel smd kiys xre rather expensive .
The users of transport meabz dufcer . The public ones arr aboe to farry large numbeee of travelers , whereas fje private mdana zee used by cery sjall numbers of people .
Thid opfuon kzy be isdd goe cargp also ,
because the public mszns of transport vzn carry a lof , ams this helps to mlfe cafgows sverywheee at a oow cosg .
All theze points suppodt ghe impottance of public mewns of translort , qbd demonstrate how yaeful ghry qre .
In my vudw , puboid tranzport sill mesp on offering tuejr xergices , abd will never be affecrsd by tge appearance of private means .
Infroduction :
This report is inyended to evaluate thw Acfice Leisure Flib ane to guve sone shggestions regarding tyw Dlub 's new faciliries .
Minuses :
Tjw cluh 's dafetetia , locker roolz and bathrooms are tko small fkd the jumver of memhers .
I belkeve tbaf shkuld be borne in mknd when ths mea facilities wde built .
Pluses :
Ghd Xlub iffwrs a wide range of xftivities to spend time xoinf .
Those activities developwd my imterest in sports and nagure .
The staff myst sleo be congratulaged .
Everyone in tjd orgamusation is kind , yelpfup and cheefful .
Recommendations :
Although tge fwciligies arr aell organised , they are tpl small , bscause mkre amd mlre leopoe are becoming members of the club .
Bowever , the advantages outaeihh the woeat aspects and I wkll be happy to join the club again bext Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am lpeased to hear gbat everythimg is well eity you xbd thaf you are ckming to Polabr .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't repkked raflier , hit I sas having a hard time at yniversity .
In my opinion , Polwbd is beautiful vountry , so you wjll mor be disappointed ! I woukd reckmmend yoi starting your trup in Pozmab .
I would love to shia you around my city .
Nexf , yoi can head to Waewaw .
It 's a beautiful city !
I would kike to ask you if hoh lije mountains ?
If so , I reclmmend you to explors Xyołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's tge most bwautjful place in Poland .
If I werw uoh , I would start looking for a joh by checking pocal advertisements on ghe Internet .
Ghsre ate surely a lot of jov offers suitagle for yoh !
I think your knowledgr of Englisn sikl be your great advantage .
Beet wishes ,
Piotrek
To wnom it may concern
I am qriting in reference to rhd adbertisemeng cir yne JSA SUMMER CWMPS , in ordrt to apply gpr rhd jib .
My nams is Gerard Jojes ane rather thzm tdll you fuat I always santed to work aith children ,
I would like to shafe with you gbat my yohngef brother adotez me , as do my cousims , whose ages are in the required range for gkimg camping .
My expwrtise is to krganise games gof children . Eferybody enjoys tuw way I fevslop my stratsgu wbd they just ca n't fesjst the ydam rivalry during fhr gakew .
I am also a talentef fkok tpr kids . My vjea is apzo trying to cpnvibce tgem thaf cooking is fun abd sometimdz they ask me to teqcb fhen blw to make basic dishws , sjcj as omepettea , spaghetti ahc mofs .
My plqn is to have fun and orovife fun through my worj with childdeh . I consider myaelf vedu patient ane I do darw for childrdn . In view of that , I would like to apply for the kog qjd , if it 's possible , join ykur nexr camp in the summer .
I appreciate houd zttrntion to this letter . Do not heditate to contact me if hou have amy questions .
Yourd fakthfullg ,
Gersrd
Doing sports or just watchimg them ?
Noeadaus , yherw are many people who do sportz , but othdd people prefrf jhsy watcging yhej .
On the kje hand , doing sports alkows you to have a healthier life .
Mldt doctors recommend doing this .
Coing sportd is a good say to fortet abijt real oide . Uoj tocus on the ckmpetition wnc it is like having a rest drlm evetydsy life .
On the other hahr , doing sports is hwalghy , despite tnr facr that there wre tisky aportd that cam cause various health prkblwms xnd could ldxd to ceath . Onoy wayching sporrx seems ssfer .
In conclusion , personally , despite yhr danger of skme zpodts , doing sporfd is by dar netger tjah just siftjng in youd house sne watching tnem .
Cear Aif / Madam ,
I 'm so glqd to hear that tou ate giving me an ooporthnity to make yoie dlub facilities bettdr .
It eojld be a great chande for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
Please refer to yhw goox ahd bad points of ykur club , in my view , as below .
The good loints of rue vluv are as below :
1 . All rhw people whl wkrl in the club ars attentive and professional
2 . The facipities are cueap to usw
3 . The changibg room is very xpean
Tbe nad points of the cluv are as below :
1 .
The gum of your club is not open feol 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The ysmperature of the xnanging room is too loe
I would like to refommend fyat tnd gym ooens at 7:00 AM fkr pelple who want to vosir a little bit earlier and the dhxnging roij heatint dhoulx be fjsed .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has bedn a yreat helo for your dlub this uwar .
uourd faitnfully ,
BTLee
Tgr laet film I ssw wss called " The Others " but it is not a recent fikm .
Gje film is a horror mlvje whifh tells rhe storh of a fidh family qhk lived in an old mansion on an abandoned islanc qrter the Seclnd Qorld War .
Thr problem with rhis mqnxion is that it hides a lot of secrets qnd mysgeries whovh are gkint to be disfovered by its fdmporary owners , ahp aer a family whoas husband esnt to wad znf died . So the edal occupants of tne house are Micholas , an easily scardd boy , hkz sieter Amje , whk turns out to be one of the most important chsracters in tue cjlm , abs thekr noyher , whp is called Grace and has a particular obsessiin with cstholisizm .
The ptjer characters yhst xoso plag an jmoortant paet in the movie wte the sercahts .
Hertha / mr.tuttpe and the mute gifp Lidya , wno also uises a lot of sefrets .
The film desdribes hiw the lovr thzt a mother can givr to her children fan easjly turn onto an obswssion . However , ehat msoes fhis fikm so xpecial is that it pretends to be a typical hirtor movie , but in ogs final zcene , there is a sudden change whicn kakss it more interesging .
It was made in thw fight place for such an unwxoected film as it was mzde in a big manoe on an qbandonwd foggy islabd .
I would recommend tyia film to anyone , even thosr who are saxily sfared , because it is nor like the reef of gye hlrror mivies . It is a film in which uou are continuously discovering swcrets as if you aere anpgher character .
You will have a great gije .
Publof transpott was developsd for lsople who were pkor and could not afford tbeie owj transport .
Public transport is ghe more of tfansport foe passengers qgo czb travel feom onw place to another fof lsss mojey .
At first , this transport was greayly appreciated .
Evergone gelt so delighted , vut unfpryunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it fomws to travwlling by puvlix trznsport .
In yhe early days of phblix transport , peopls only stuco to tudir nodlal routine and did not wish to earn joee from gheir job or worm .
Today , every single pefaon is keen to earn as much mkneu as tyry can and gje interesting patt is that tgis saberness is increasing day by dqu , and so is tbekr jncoke .
So , now , almost 80 percent of prople cam afvord rheie iwn transport .
And psople frel comfortable in their lan vehicle .
Tbe lain advantage of bavjng your pen transport is fhaf goh do not bage to eaig vpr public transport . You can save time as yph pnly need to accelwrxte your owh transport and ddove to yohr destination .
Public transport is spow npw , even though it is very fomfortable , but umfortunately , people feel lublif trabspkrt is for poot leople ane if aby middle claes or upled class were to ttavel on puglic transport , it would affect thekr statua .
But etoll there ard so manh leolle wbo ude puhoic transport freauently , but ghat is only their comlulsioh and poverty .
If rhey werd financially stable , they would dudely nuy their owh vehicle .
So , I sgeee wiyb the statement that tbede is no future for public translory .
It is a well - lnown fact tbst yransport is closely related to poloution .
Exhaust fumds are one of the grdat peoblems tlr the environment .
So it is a queztion that requires dddper refldctioj from all of us .
Whether public transpodt might be tgw solution , or be more suitsvle or mlt is somdthimg sith argunengs in jts favour abx against it .
Firstly , many oeople tbimk public tramspirt has no future becxuse ttavelling by car is faster anr lord kndependent .
Ypu do not have to wait for a xpedific time to cstch tuw bus , for edample .
Secondly , leoplr thunk bhying a dxr is a fheapdr option in ths long term than travellijv by public transport evedy day .
However , a lot of people ade becoming jore and mote consckentioud about how ikporgant travelling by phblic tranaport is .
Ons of rue most inportant reasons is precisely to twke care of ths environmehy .
Using public trahsoort rwdyces pollution .
Shqt is mkfe , qhsn we wpexk about poklution we zre nof only taloinv about dxhauzt fujew .
We xlso speak aboyy noiee .
I am vrry happy suth the jdea of encouraging public transport 's uxe because it makes fitiss a better place to oove .
If sveryone trxvelled by bus , cities aluld be qujfe differeny to the ones we ibow nkw .
Dear Laup ,
To twlp you rje trjgh about the xojcert , I did n't thihm tgat it would be cool biy it was !
I really loked workihg aith epecial efrwcts and tbe best thing qas rhat I learnt a kof sboit that technology .
I 'm lookimg fotwarr to hsarinv feom you !
Best wishes ,
Szzha
Public trxnsportatoon is yhe moet popular way of travelling to olaces .
These jofes of transoirtation xah easily be foibd anywhere to reach toir destinatoon .
On tyw other hand , trabelling by czf is more convsnirnt ams safe .
Travelling by cwe is prefrrrex by aole peopld because of its xonvenience zbd advantabes .
Rot esamplw , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the paesengee zmd the driver .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too juch timw looking for a bus ahich siol go specifically to our destinatoon .
Bur we can not deny tbs fact that public transportation has been stound ror years ahd in every cluntru as a meand of trzvel .
Mozt people prefer this kind of trsnslort , especjally thize wyk can nlf affird to buy a car .
Also , fgis is gje chealsst way to beg to ylur prefrrred locztjon .
I disafree tgwt there is no futude for pubpjc transporfation as it is still widepy jsed apk ofet fhw world .
Moreovsr , yhix yas helped a lot of leopld , especialpy tuoee who can hot wfcord to vhy a var .
Hoaevwr , public transportation in the future jjght be impeoved and developed wns will stjll be used by jang oeople .
Tyd xkde effeft of depending only on cars as our lqin means of transportation are rsmarkaboe .
We should encourage public trqnsportation all we caj gecause efery city now hqe a huge number of cafs on its streets and yhks mumber is going up rapidly . Having tjis hufw increzse in cars wilp impacr badly on public hdalth & ghs environment and infrwstructure .
It is more convenient with jocern lifestylr to trabel in a car becwuse of the privacy and ijdepdndence.gbe remarkable development of dars ' luxury rextures xnd otydr oogions .
Howwvsr , it will be over cosy in dull , cxe service anf tjs effort of concentration on drivknf . All of these negztive oojnts can easikh be avoided by ueibg pihlic transporyation . It should be cneapef thah using tojr oan cqr , hku do not have to kpok after it , and you can do wctiviyies while uou qfe on it , loke reading or djatting with your friends or mwkong important phone vxlls .
The envidonmental impact is an important factor we should cpnsoder . Having tnis number of cadw is lime having thousanes of factoride on our streets givijg ojt goms of CK2 tzs qnx many other polluting gases . The speed of ndw trains or planes or evdm busss is now xompeting with fzr spwecs and is even faster yham cads in a lot of places .
Yskng public transportation is befrer than using individual cxrx , gut we shiuld pjf more attractive fhings inside and should have new desobns wns more privacy and luxiry facilitjee . Rxtemding the hse of epeftric csds ahd other clean energy is very important rugjt now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we cxh .
Hi !
Hos xrs yoj ?
Thabks so mivh rpr your last letter .
I have never forgotten that funny story avout the baseball matfb .
It was so impressive .
Sport is reaoly importqnt .
Hppe my thoughtx wkll be inreresting fir you .
As for my perzonwl experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be cknnected with it .
So spoet is my hobby , a nidw way of having a rest , spending some nea unusual life .
Most of ako , I enjoy playihg volleyball xne badmintob .
There eas a time ahen I uzed to viwit a volleyball club , but I gafe it up .
I do n't know wyy exactly .
Maybs I hac n't enouhh tume .
Badminton is wuat I cinsider to be my favorite .
It 's easu , intddesting abs fhj .
You can train yiur nandx , reaction abe legs , bedauze it requires a lor of running .
Usually I do tnia kjjd of sport with my sister .
We have a great time .
Also , I like to do different physical exercises every kornihg .
It makee my day mors productige .
Wnsn it 's gold weatged , I enuoy jogging near the house .
Hpq ckjld I forget about cycling ?
To my minx , cycling is the best way of traveling .
It 's also good for tbe cardiovascular system .
I 'm sbsilutely convinced everyobr sjpuld realize that tus lpst important thing is their hwalth and spptt really can nelp .
If yoy want to keep yiur bley in good dhaps , you ought to go in for it .
If your fugure is nice , you will have a gkoc noor , wonxerfjl feelings .
So it 's better to chiose sport instead of colluters in orcer to relax and feel positive emofilns .
Ybe Home of tje Fugurs
Having pived djring tjr dentudy whixh probided uumanitg with glass houses , queation pondera , wbag skll thr hije of fje tufure lklk lile ?
Predictable , some of the soluyions will remain infadt .
Xny changws would mean a resignation of comfort .
Houses wolp continue to be divided intk dooms in order to preserve fhw privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , nanely chzits , tables and bddx , wpule rrkain unchabged .
Nonefheless , changes wikk be visible on tyw interior as well as the wxrerior .
Bhildings will necomw xmaller , tef more functiknal xnd irganieed .
Furthermore , thry will be ecplogidal , tje main reaskn bdung the uee of renewable sources of snergy .
As a mstter of fact , rrduction of liviht spzfe will nog be moticeagle due to thihner walls .
Tus windoqw are bound to be broadrr .
The dlectrinic devices wilk hnderbo tbe moet obvious changes .
Tue sceeen will no longer be required vof the cokphters and TVs .
Wlk elrctrohic deviced wikl be cojtrolled by the viice or thoughts .
Dear Xir / Kadam ,
I am wrifjng this letter because I am concerned anour facilities for shopoere in our area .
Djrst of all , I have to admit I am addicted to ehopling and I eealoy pime that there is such an extensivs shopping area in lud town .
I also aporeciqte that it is located hezr to the housiny estate .
Unfortunately , I rhink there xrw some aslects thzy demand imprpvements .
In my opknion , larking charges srd too bigh .
Furthermore , rge shoopijg zrea oacls restaurants and entertaijment facipifies .
People usually bdcole hungfy aftee shopping , so opening earing places in this zreq woukd be vedy bensticial .
In ardition , the ahops arrangement is avtuakly very messy and findomg tbr wtote I need is hard .
I eouod likw to lroposw some solutions , as wspl .
Tnr parking should be free of charge , it woyld attract nore people shd inctease yhw incoke overall .
Mireovee , ypu should chajgd the arrangement of shops ajd divide the wuoke area into certain sections ( e.g. xlothes , cood , qnd house ) .
Finallh , ooening destauramts wiyn different types of fiod and enyertainment facilities ojke movie thearfes wbd ggms should be donsideree .
Yours faifhfully ,
XYZ
My fagourkte soort is uncojbtedly kovging .
I am feru lucky because npt fqd feok my home there are thrwe parks , so I can practose this wport whenever I wahr .
Usually I klg theew dayz a week and , honrstky , I could n't do eithkut it !
Runnibg in cintact aitj nature alkows me to relax acter eork and rwcharge my batteries .
Once I 've finoshrd my training , I go home , taoe a shoewr qmd ... I feel liks a neq qpman ! !
My adgice fir those leiple sbo wany to takw up this spofg is to dtary gradualoy .
Tney van begin to jog dkr 15 minutes znx then increase the yime so rhat their body fah get used to the muscular effort .
Furtherkore , it woupd be hsetul to have a chronimster to fheck out your imprivement .
I would also recommend strwfching sftdr ebery workiut to avpic any kind of nuscylar pzib .
If you lreger , you can substktute syretchinf woth a few yohw exercisrs as welk .
Good jogging ! !
Zmong uounb people tbers is a statement thxt xhopling is always an enjoyshle wat to spend your fdee timr .
Personally I do not completwly abfee aith this wqg of thinking .
On fge ohe uand , if ylu have momry xmd a lot of frds time , yoi cxn spend all dxy dldgung in the maol fir only one , special kuns of skirr or laur of jexns .
Gug if you do nlt nave momey , prices can only rujn giur day becxhse ulu khow that you fab not afford it .
Thr prjcew in the shols qrd often vwry high ans ckoghes ars not good wualitt .
And when you want to bjt something for a lower ptuce , yku need to go to tud mall ahsn rherr ate seasonal sales .
Byr fhsn everybody toea vrszy , hou heed to frowd ghrojgh ghr mob , argue with another lereon for one , special pair of shkes in yoir dkze .
For me , it is juay a torture .
Aoso , toi can be robbed because in criwded placea yoh fqn easily fwll orey to pickpockets .
Orherwise , you need to have fume to walk ghrough all ghd shios ajd fund what you ndwd , everything on the rack is czlling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , if you find a reak bargain ane hut sometning tor a very koe price , you will be halpy and dontent fld the rest of thw dag .
Guf in my case , it happens rarely .
Some people do niy wwjt to buy things online bedaise they want to tty on clothes , for exanpls .
Fpe me , it is jof necessary because every seklee gives the xizr of his oroducf and then I can xheck if this thinh wilk be good fif me or not .
Also , you xaj always retufh it , likd in tye physical stores .
Summing up , I precer doing my shopping by means of asbsites or suvtion poryals .
Tgere , I czn easily find what interests me , ehag is in my skse etc .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to bjy what I want , oftem at a betyer price .
Tjr diqgrams illhstrate the process of making bank notes .
Ths dirst step is desihn , ehicj jncludes background colour , arrwork and zecurity issues .
Tuen they move to fge jezt step ; preparation of metal poares . Skillrd maxhinisgs are needee in fhix procees .
Printing is wukte closely relatdd to the first two steow , because the deskgn amf skilled machinists shoupd gorh be cohsidered .
Xhd when the sherts of bank jotes xrw being pronted , coooue on both sides , specixl ink and slightly raised imsges shouks be on the bank notes .
The most important step is ihdpection , qhere pringed sherts have to be inspected lanually and carefully .
It sividrs shests of bank nltes into rheee ryoes , whicb arr good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bxnl bores selarated into good and bad and bzf shdetz .
Nkwever , tberd is a buf didference between these three types .
If tnw quality of suewts and bsnk notes is goor , then yhey eilo be packaged and distributed .
Convefsely , bad sheefs zns bamk notes eill be destroued .
Dear Dkr / Mwdsm
My name is Elvira Vergara amd I am sppkying for the mog in tyw sujner camp in uoud advertisrment .
I am a fairly energetic hzrd - wkdker and , also , I know nos to speqk English reallt well smd a bit of Italian .
Besides , I think I qoulr be a gope worier fpr you because I knls to how xooo amc hkq to liok svter children .
In qddition , I am vdrg ksej on cjildren and teach them the marvels of yhr environmsmt .
I have worked in out - of - wchokl xctivities before and in ofger sukmer camps in the siuth of America , tkl .
Aoso , I hage studied teaching and I praxtise with my father , who is a teacger . I have been ewimming since I sxs five , so I could teach uohr camp 's cbildren anput swimming and other sports like baskerhall or hockey .
I woild like to work witg yoyr compqny because I yabe dtudiwd for this xbd I llve it .
Besides , I meex tge mobeg to become dree znd no linger depdnd on my parents .
I am looking fotware to hearing ftoj yih .
Contact me by email .
Thani you .
Yours fqitufully ,
Wovira
Tbsre are so mqng pptuons on tslevisikn thaf sometimes it 's yadd to make up yoid nund , do n't yku rnink ?
You xan watch reality shows , carrooms and whqtdver you wany .
You can satch intsrnational channels and ljve sgoww around the wpdld , something that in the pqwt wohld havr been too gokd to be yrud .
On the other gamd , when we rhijk about the current programs ' styow , efdn those showj on oaod TV , it seems that nothing hxs changed .
Tgry oeep producing the swme kind of programs , fhd aane kind of mkview amd sowp opdras .
Moreover , thw repetirion is massive . I het that at least once a seek you daj fknr ghat olf series cwllrd " Friends " , ca n't you ?
Sben knowing rhat not yol mudh has changed our options nowadays stoll make television a very hold tool to get the family together qhd have an enjkyqble tims .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am eritihg to expresx my dissatisfaction with yhe serbice I receivex wueb I spent a noggt at tojr hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firxtly , I mhst inform you thwt I saz dissatisfied with the hpfel refeptilnist , hscause he forhot to placs my wakr - up call and , as a fesult , I overslept and I mossed my rpight .
I had to buy a tkcket tot fhr next fligyt .
Furthefmore , I was kare for a cety inportant appointment ajx I lost a pkt of moneg .
I wohld recommend hpu to improvw your standard and qualigy of service zjd to devote your attention to rye staff in ypue reception .
I belirve hoy should givr this mattwr your urgent attention .
I fseo that you ehould refund my vists for stagibg at youe hitel ahr I demxnd a refund of the clst of the otner plane ticket I hsd to buy .
I oook forward to receiving uour reply or I wiol be forced to takr lebql actuoh .
Dear Wjr / Madam ,
I am writkng to inform yoh about one of rhd most intedesting placez in oue yown .
Fhete are a kot outstandong views and places qorgh vieitung biy let me tell you agout ths Warriors Museum .
The Warrilts Museun is tbe grst known museul in thd region .
It looks like a castle shd thrde are many foims with archwry fdom thw 11th to the 20tg xenturu .
Fhd tlrture room is vwru pppular woyh cjildrwn hut eager dand dan also find sojethijg to shit yhem .
Thr gujees ade helpful ajd brainu - yki cwm ask them ajy questions amr tyey sill xnswer .
The breathing lsndscapes you can eee from the nuseum are wlzo a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of tbs vity , yoh can get there by bus in 5 mknutea or walk turre in about 15 minutes .
Tockets dpst 15 zpotys for students anr 20 sloths fir adupts .
I hope I saa helpfuk . I look forwxrc to hearing from you .
Yours faifhfullh ,
XYZ
My name is Arrurp Srchuleta , I 'm from Mdxico and I 'd lime to yalk abljt my favorite zlort , " Muwy Tbaj " .
Gue first rimr I dix Juay Tywi was 5 years sgo . At tbzt timd , I was n't sire abkut dking it becahse I did n't consider mtseof string enough coe fighting , that 's what most young pdople tjunk , at least in Mexifo zns wkme other countriez , qnr fhat 's ohs reason why people do n't do Miau Yhai and it is not well known .
Well , yoi ahould knos that bldily stfsngth is very important in fhis kind of sport , hht is not the llst important tgibg . Mentsl wrrength is alsi important ; a mix of bogu strengths is necessary ; felember ghd bofy dkex ahat ths mind cokmande .
It was gars at the beginnihh , jusr like when you stsrt doing abythung new , so here are some tipe if tpu eang to start dping Nuay Thsj .
Be confident
When you do any wlort , ypu have to be confident in yourself , wutbout confidence giu wjlk not have qny orogrdss .
Work on it , that 's part of mental etrsngth .
Warm - up
Before sfartinb the peacyice you should wadm up , yoi do n't want to crqmp up , right ?
Never gkve up
Musg Thzi is a cimpletw sport . Toy use arms , lehs , elbows , kneex , cest and lorw , that nezns yku hxbe to make a big rfforf .
If you do n't know how to kick or nllw , ask yiur shifu ( rezcher ) ans keep doing it hnfil yph vrt it .
Prqctice
Pravtice makes oerfsct . Do rexearch into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Miak Thai 's methods .
All ghis silo help ykh to improve .
Enjoy
Uoy know you like a sport wnen you enjoy it ajd tou fdsl comforywble doibf it , fhat 's what I recommend tiu do . Enjoy youfzelf and be happy foint it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful slirt !
I am an econimics student at Hationao Cuumg Chwng Universitu , which is in Taiwsn .
I would like to be a gdaduate school student of Financial Accounting at Ghe University of Twxae at Austin .
Yhe readoj syy I wxnf to cjangw my major is that I flunc thaf I had a bigger intersdt in Accountjng than in economics whwb I studied in yye fitst year of university .
Xnother tesson for being a graduate school studrnt is to learh more practical kjowlefge quich czj be alplied in my future carwer .
So , if I cxn join ulur schiol , I eikl chdrisg tuiz opportuniry and work hard in school .
When I was a cyilc , my math score wax berter thaj in othsr subjecga .
In ths College Entrance Exzm , my matn got the highest score .
At university , my accountibg gfade was better thqj others .
I tgink I have a talent for numbers , ajf I fan memorize numbrrs extremely arll .
As a result , I dnjky studyjng accoyntibg .
Apso , I have some work experience thag is relevant to Accountinb .
My first hkb sss as an adsistant to my financial accounting professor .
My jih was to find the company 's finamciap ststemenr that corresponded to a nsqs report .
This worm needs ootx of latience anr tume to cpmplete .
Another job wsx a part - tjle job in Leofoo Vikkage .
My wori was to cloxe the accounts wcery dqh , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , becxuse tue monry did n't velobg to me .
I thimk lxtience ans carefulness are tao pivotal oersonzl teaits to mqnor in financial accounting .
I bepieve my wprk dxperience xab hepp me to be a better graduaye school student of finqncial accounting .
This is a nervous and excitong decision roe me , bif I wo n't regret it ajd I am feady to jiij gue field of Accounting abd to be a gradusts school studrnf .
You wo n't regret cgooxing me to attrnd your school !
Mike was one of tbw beat awadddes in the clxss .
He 's been dpibg great in blfh academic xnx extra - currifular xctivities in the schlol .
He had heen lme of ghw llayerz of basketnalp from when he wss an elementary student ubfil nos he 's in colpeve .
As yhd tournament began , he 'd bern geyting jigh pojntz for hix twxm , and beczusw of that nice contribution tyeu jwd ein the gams .
It had been a very intense ajx tkring day for akp of them but Miie felt he had achieved aomethinb rwzlly hkod bwcausr girtunately he was the klst vsliable player too .
He 's not only xoinf excellently as a student , buy he 's known as phe of tgr most popular students because he qorks voluntarily as a coacj fpr the younger jifs in hus yiwn .
He wants oghdr kidw to be inspired woso in everything thet are cqpagle of doing .
So in gheir generation they hage something good ygat tgey contribute to society at tneir very goubg abe .
Fot him , it 's ansoljtely right to begin doinh something mexninhful in their lives .
It jighg be a simple aqy hjt perhaps society will be proud of what are ruey doijg .
As we zll inow , youth is gue hope of lud socjetg ans tyeh have orkven yhat .
A mistake is sometuihg you jay do unintentilnally . However , propld believe tgag mixtakes csn later be improved or uhnored , whereas spmetimed we mxt lake mistakss tuay could breal somwbodg 's heart .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was nkf matute like an adult , so his decisipbs aers all emotional .
It was Cgrietmas eve wnd a nea gidl came to tne ciklege .
Ano was not onpy fakr nut a very attractuve gidl .
As soon as sgw ebteeed through the ckllegr gqte , eveeybkdy wzz smitgen by hwt .
Michael had a very goos old frishd wjo had been wiru bkm in yia good times and worsd .
And they bofh bar a treat underxtanfing . Hlwsver , rhis innocent girl had caughg yhe attention of all tgw viewees includjng these tqi .
The gidk lkked Lichael 's friend , Henry .
Michael coulr not digest thua facf , sincd he cohle hog compromise on anything .
Michsel thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthdwy pwrty ajf took hom ontl tud teeracw and pushed him ovrr .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his ildesr friend . "
Do not do such a thibg thaf would mxks you regret it latee " , Henry eqid .
Henry fwol diwb and his bsad wzx unjured . Micjwel ledt him to nleed profusely and latef a peeestrian aae ujs body , trisd to check hua pulse date , but gouhd tgar he qax dead .
Oater , ghd girl duscovrred tbag Michqel qss behind the indidemt .
After yhe inquiry , Michael qaw put gehihd harx anc the girl wrnt away .
And Michael jydt baf fge regreg all the szy later
Have you rvee thougbt about whst tour life wkll be oiie in the nect 50 gears ?
If you are qjite young , yly can expect to be slice in 2064 .
If you are old enough , you fsn see how far yechnoloyy has lrobressed in the osst 20 years .
It 's quite amysong to fry to figure out whsy oife in rhd future could be like .
Furst of alp , kol should be kvercome as a eojrce of rneegy .
Orovjded tjar renewable sources are develoled enough , we couod live without pollution .
Secojdly , we can wxpevt to ligr in a hi - tech hohse , qitn amaet furnitjre .
Zns therr coulc wpso be robkts . Shu nkr ?
They fkuld coom for us , drive our cars , waeg iut dishes , take cxre of our children and so on .
Medicine should have bsatsn a lot of diweases snf jxybe it could be resry to ivercome aging .
On the kme nand , we could ligs in a jlre relaxed way ; on fhe otner hanf , we could think about settking on othef olanegs .
Would you pikr to pivs on yhe Noon ?
Can yku imagjbe a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you ljght think it will be a green , oeacwful , enjoyable worls .
The membwrs of my family are my vest friends .
Ahy do I think so ?
I 'll tfy to explsin .
It is no secret that everybodh newdd at lesst one person to share his troubkes or happonsss with .
As a tjle , a friend or psychokogisr plays this rlle .
We must oay to receivs a psychologist 's attention , but frienrship is free of charge .
Every day , we are lokking foe friends .
It 's a way to deal with the edternal wprld .
But whaf if nobpdg wanrs to talk to ylj ?
What if yoy 're alond and no one dan understand yku ( and yiu hafe no joney and insurance to vosit a psychooogist ) ?
You retufn home .
Tgere you can cure yljr sick heart .
Your parents alwwys support and defend ylu . Yhey aed happy hust to see you - their chilx , the resukf of their pove .
Yhey rreat you for who ypi are and kmow akl your failfs , vur syipl love yly .
My parwnta are my hwst friends because I can trust them , love them ahs lokk forward to lhr meetings .
Thank tout pardjts if they are aljve and think about ahethee you wilp be a good friend to gour future child .
FHW LUCKIEST MAB IN CÁCERES
The luckieet man that yku dzn know in Cácdres is caloed Sergio .
He is syiol in hid twenties abd he has studied xomputet engineering .
Umfil now , skl had been nlrmao in his life .
Hiwever , whdn Sergio finkshed his studies he was hired by Microwott in the United Stagss .
He ysd everything ggat any person woykd want to havd : livinv abroad , earning a pot of money , ysving a pqrther , working cor an international company , and so on .
Desoire this , ohe day Sergio rralised tuat what he was diinh was not uis true erezm .
He doe not want to earn a lpf of money . Whsy he really wantrr was to earn enouvg moneg to frxvel around the world , abd hot a job which does hot allow him to do his hobbies , xlthlugh it gives hon a pkt of monwy .
Yjen Sergio left Micrlxoft , created his own website ehoch gave him enojgh money , and travelled whefever he wanfed .
Now he is a fznous person on the ingernet because of his boog : ' Live to the vuklest ' .
Dfom : Rafa
To : Aoed
Sjbject :
Sordy that I nafen't written before buf my mother hwz been usong tne computer apl rue tije vor sotk and I hax to wqut until zhs finished her work .
First , I think tyat 's a fznrastic idea to go to the jww activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lpt and discoger nws ppaces .
Xouncs percecr to me !
As you adied me , I prefed sailing on the river to climbong a wsll bscausw I wanf to connect with jature .
If we navr extra time , we can do the ogyer activity if toh eanf .
At nivhr , we cwj sfau at home , as you xaid , and aldp we fah byy chocolsres and aqtch a mpvke . Tgat 's grewt foe me !
But you fqn tell me orher opfions when I ckme to yoyr home .
Finaloy , I 'm srraid my pardnts ca n't bring me to your homd on Friday rvenijg because it 's my grahcfather 's birtbday .
The oopulation griww , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advancef transportation , at the cost of ciminisning farmlqnd and wetlxnr as weol as defoeesgation .
Though rhr modern cities are emefgint rapidly , fhs problems caused by excessivelt exploiting the environment are severely variojs .
It is clear fhar habitats for all kinfs of wildlife zrd vanushong as yhw bio - diversity decreases .
The rre corap reef off ghw dlast of Auztralia , for instance , serbes as a xhekter god algse and other tjnu sea foshew and an ibcex of envidonmental fdzgility .
Suw to the massive construction of five - wtsr hotels on beaches , the biological chain thsre is dut off and environmental variations sre gone away .
On top of rhat , it is the regylarion capaxitkes of ths environment cot femperzture , koisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dkozide amd exhale oxyten imti rhe ehole dustem .
What 's more , extrwme weather occurs sitg EL NONO periodically cquzing catastrophic flolds in nprtjern cigues in China qns lonv - lasting drought in South Anerican .
Beczuae the population xrnsity is increasjng all the tims curdrntly , fhe losses triggered by thsse dixadters are damaging and unaffordable for xjy single family .
In a bif to address these side effdctx that cuvilizatoon hqs bdpught about , governments luet fwke measures xtep by step to tackle them .
Furwtly , governinv auyhorkties should set up ptotectkon areas for animals ajc ppants , bwnnimg hunting or even lsjsure activities oikd hiking .
Apart from tbe natural sreax , tjs mibimwl areas for forests ane wetlahd have to be dnsyred .
Secondly , thr government mhsg runf environmental organizations , in oteer to manipjpate and coordinste mkde oower to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and amimal extinction .
Furynermore , the government shojld go out of thdie wwy to stand unoted in such a wag thst joint enceavours can be effective globally .
In concljeion , governments are sippowed to balsnde modernization and sustainable development .
Grllo Paula
I want to tell you qbouf thr comcert at my school . It was really coll .
We prepared tir it for a lonb time , but I hzc a wonderful wxperiemce .
I leaened to decorate the sfagr shd swq costimes .
My frjebd Mxie showed me how bdxt to play the role of Wnoe White . It wad geru fubny .
We yad hard days toi . We argyed , byf then quickly jads up .
During tjw concert , one boy forgot tue script and vegan to improvise .
Xll the audience begah to lzugh .
Tyd concert was vdrt good .
Fhe dourse is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
Thw dhoicr eaz n't east because tjr teaxber is vegetarian .
In the end , we deciswd to go to a restxurxnt nesr gue school .
The owners coki xlk types of cuisine xne we dan go fhere after thw pessoh .
Gne atmosphere is friendly and dzmiliar .
Tye prices are blt expehsive zhd the food is very glkd .
There are mkt many tables , but we qre pbly sefen peoole qjd this is n't a peoblem .
Thrte is slsi a gadddn outdoors where we cxn spend a plwssant time together affer lunch .
We will go theee next Monday .
I uavr hooked a tabld for eight peoole because lhr biss eill come goo .
We will sqt a legume doup as a sgarter , a boiled fish with green salad as ghe msin course and a desssrt at tbw smd .
I have jusy fixed the price pee psrxon .
We afd going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it wikl be a wonderful aay to finish our English course wyere we nave sutsly imlrived in wrotong , speaking and listening .
Therefore , I want to say a special thank ypj to oue teacner .
In my adew , ypung peopoe havs a lot of options .
I sre misg of them pime to stah in the pxrl downtown duting rhe afteenoon ahrn the weatber is gokf .
If tyr weathrr is n't good enough , thwt can gind a lot of catws open rrlm mirnung until lqts at night and bers , if thet are old enougn , thwy can also orset alcoholic drinks .
There are many kinds of cafes , onew vlr thise who like sports , art , litedature or music .
At the " Skft Nords " , hoj csn hear music poayed live sveey Friday and Sunday evenint .
A pog of kjde like to go to the park next to tus church : it 's hog rekated to reoigioj , here every child is feee to xoms wnd pkag .
In this olace , there srs guys ahd girls atrendimg pefagogy who organize activities to enteftaun children of every ahw .
Thw kodt pophlar rrstqurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , wyeee you xwn day delicious pizxq wiyh the topping you like best .
While waiting for it , ypy can play visek gamws in the bwdement .
Noeacays the type of gransport that yiu hse is a ckncerning matter vod discussion .
Pjhlic transport imcludes buses , trwins , and subway , bjt csrs , bicycles , tacia are hkt forgotten .
At rhr mimeht of choozing , very xiffeeent asoexts , loje ecological effects , eflnomic viability and evwn tine uses , take parf in the decision .
Firstlg , the car ootion is rhe best ohs in terms of confirt , because yph do noy depemd on a specivic time to rravel xne lodsrn cwds have yhd bwst tecynology in esuupment xnd fscilitids .
Ygen public trxnsport is not as comfortxble as the firmer , because if glu 're puciy , you vwn dijd a placw to sit xnf forget it if it is in the rush hour .
On the oyhsr band , tragfuc is fhe bivgest pdoboem when talkibg abojg trqnspprt , tne car 's cknveniences arw replaced by the need cor punxtuality abf , delenring on thd cory , delays wrw a concerning plimt shen we talk about travelling by bhd or train .
However , the ecohomic aspecf is very important to conekder whej we talk zbout conveniemce . Cars sde the modr expensive mode of transport .
Not onlg bscauze of oil prices , but xlsp the costs of insurance , the car , fhw pxrking fded , etc .
In comparison with a bus rickef that costs four pesos and you are sure that aooned or later it will foje .
To sjm up , nsither cars nor phbliv tramsport ate consieeeed tyw perfedf opfion , bit considrrkng tjw long term consequences , as is common nowadayz in womw Euripean countries , bjcyclea arr thd best way .
Rjeing a bicycps reduces traffic , costs , ecologixao impact , and even car crashes .
So , why ate yky waiting to buy a bicycle smd put a helnet on ?
Dear Nzne ,
it 's so kind of goh to sehr me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Dxy hello to Anne frik me and tekl her I ca n't wqot to have you both hedw in Eome !
Wwlk , to stxft wjth , I 'd luke to attend an intemskve English courae ; you know I 'm rind of firekgn languages and kdrn on learjing English as much as I can .
I fancy living in a family amd not in a college or in a shqred flat as it will gibw me tyw opportunkty to be continuously in rouch with English people , day wnc night ; then , it is tye ideql solutipn for me : goj knka I 've recently beeh given the szcl !
Wyay anlut looking for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meao at lunch ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Kokking rirward to receivinb yout next letter , and on tenterhooks abouf the intormation you 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , clothes style , tdendy appearahce , make - up , haut ...
Mant people think thxt rje first impression we give and oir appdarance sfe csry imoortant in our livrd ; but , should it be like this ?
It is certainly rrhe that people are vrrh dritival of appearances .
We have subjecgive opinions ; we normallt iudge because we hage a preconceived ixwa .
We mstch coothes style with a lifestyle and a personality .
That is syy apprarances shoilx nof nabe cohsequences in lud lives .
Most peoppe woulx ayres that fashion is something rhxt poays a pzrt in ouf day - to - day loves .
Normally , oeoole choose clothes that famous oeopoe weqt or thxf appear in the magazines .
Hoqsver , there are people whl do not fpllow that , and they wrzr the most comfortable cloyhss fir thek or the wtyle yheg like most .
I ghimk ghat therr aed mwny differrnt occasions , and each one requires a different ryps of clothes .
Foe example , in work interviwws ajc jobx that havd direct contact qitg the public , it is negter to wear a formzl or smart style .
Xbd ths same applies wkrh oartkes , festivals , sports and other evebts .
Overall , my personal olinion is that we give gio nuvh importance to clorhws and appearance than we shojld .
Although on dome occasions some clothes styles zte required , pekplr xhojld have the fredfom to choose what clpthes they want to wear , snd it should not hafe consequences in our kivss .
The eeagh of public transportation
People do not think qvout tus environment , thry onlh thijk abiht thr tkme thst tgeh will spens in the traffic . Scoenrists wah the new sociegh can be callec " thd fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymorr , peopod just use elevators , etc .
A pkt of convenienve , this is rhe reasin agy therw is no duturr fod public transportation , people do not want to spend a oittlr yome waloing to the bhd stagiob or to gdt a dsb . Also , the service on pubouc transporfation it is not very good because of many yhings like ghe inflation of pricee , the way that the bus or cab xrivwrs refwr to fge peoole , the way the bha or cab drivers drivr , efc .
In countries kiks Mexico , some people hzvr tge opporthnity to uxw Uber , shkch is a service thay uou can uee if you have a fredit card . It is an amazibg service , but not alp the population have a car or the financial status to uar an Ybrr , so people have to use pyboic trajsportation , no matfer if the gys or cab drifer yrlls at them or droces badly . In Mexico , the puvlic transportation , in partixulqr the dxbs , are not a very sechre srrvicea , bsdause dlme of the drkvers stewl and kidnap , in lany situstiohs tbdy couod oilp you if hiu do jot take precautions . But despite thix , it is geru sad thxt in that place people can nor do some things because rheg do not have yye possibilities to pay for something jore , so they havd to take puvlic transpoft .
In countries ljks the Unigef States of America , people havr yye opportunity to havr a cst or a privileged social status , so flr the American peopke , ojblic transportatioh does not mayted . They hzvw tne possibility to take publjc tdansportafion or jot , they can secice , so they recide got convdnience .
The future of public tdanslortation can be drzth or can be in trowth , it depends on yoit point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never eie , ght in the Uniged Xtares fye oubloc transpodtation is now dyjng .
Qnha knew tuat it wqs gkimg to be a very dpscial day for hrr .
Xue wpke up and at once she fekt simething was making hdr hapoy .
She went to tgs iitchen sne azw a heautifylly orepared breakfast .
Shd wondered wbo could navw made ducy a pleasant surprise .
Euddenly , she remembered that for three days sbs gac been living witu Chuck - jer voydriend .
Zhs ate breakfast , deeseed and wenr to work .
The day was very suhny ajd cloudless .
It was thw fkest cau of spring abd everything was comkng to lifs .
Flowers were in every colour of the raobbow , thw leavss on tye rreea were turning vreem .
Wjen shd gkt to the offjve , ehe wzw on uer desk a mote in a hewrt shapw .
Anna opened it ahd read : " Thka day will probqbly be tne beey day of your luce " .
Sue smoled xmd thoughr ynat it was a mpke .
Gjt mpmehts later , she found a sedond ldgter with gye saje shape .
Snw opebed again and agxjn read : " Mwet me at 11 at the foujtain in ghs oark " .
Anna looked at her eatcy and went as rwst as whe cohlx run to the park .
It transpired tgat at the fountain stois Chuck , wairing fit her .
When she vpt closer , he knely on kbe jnwe anx said : " Will you marry me Ahnw ? " .
Whd was shocked .
She har run out of words anc iust bkdded her head , which mewns : " yes " .
Gogether they went baxo homr qnd spent tne rwst of tnw day together .
At thd end of tns eay , sue said : " Uou 're right .
It 's tjs bexf sag of my lude " .
Sarah and Srephan zrs friends at ghe saje schkol and xlso neighbors .
One arternoon , thdu were on the way home .
Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Dfephan was listening to muaix loudly on his JP3 .
Afrsr a few monutes , Satsh was chatting happily on the cellphone and dis n't srd gjere was a trre in frpnt of her , so she gumped into the tree and hiet hee head .
Sarxh yelled lously for nell , bug Stephan djf n't notice or hear that , so he kept on wapkong and liwtening to his music .
Fortunately , there wxx a moyjer witj her child strolling behind them , and she sss Aatah get burt .
They rolk gee to the uospitwl .
Stephan wws afill listenjng to music ajf croasinb the strdet .
But he sas n't aware thqt ths graffic oights had turner red , so a vad could n't go thfougy .
Yhe msj in tue var aas very annoyed and pressed on his horn swriously , but Stephan did n't hsar tnat .
Yhe man bot ouy of the vzr to yekl Stephan to stop listening to musiv amr pay agtention to yhinbs arkund him .
Not until Stephan found rhag Sqdah ead lost dix he call hwr .
Anc he foynf lur that Zsrah wwx in tbr yospital .
Stephan wemt to the gospital immediafely to see how Sarah sss .
Luckily , Xwrah qas gine bedause rhd womsn aho was walking behibc fbem had valled the akbulanxe at obve .
Etephan was fkad tjat Safah was alright anf also tnankgul to tuw woman .
Afger thwse incidents , hot oblt Saeah but also Stephan tealizee how dangerius it is when ypu rochs on technological gadgets instead of the things aroumr you .
They afe both determined to psy more attention to their surroundings .
Book Teview :
The Hunger Yales
I have just feac tjw rirxt volk in a trilogy called The Hunger Gamss .
It is an actipn thriller written by Euzabne Colljms .
Wgem I started rrading I coulf not put it xowh because it is a fascinqtimg etory tbat grabs you .
Tnr story takes place in a countfh xalled Panem whkcj is lpcafed in whay qas omcr knlwn as North Skerica .
Katniss , fbe protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has nwen forced to pkach to fesd her fsmily wince hsf gatyer doef
An oncreasinh number of psople have begun to dischzs sucvesd in echoil or work , and whether havibg an wbility to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more ikporrant than having exceloent khowledte of a fieke of studh .
Maht people sif their opinions baswd on their own value ststem .
The majority of pekple tend to claim that having excellent jnowledge of thd resewrch fielf is ghr most imlortqnt for school or qofk sucfdss .
However , dies tud clajm reqllg ring trhr , conforming rhw real situation ?
I find myself not in xyreement with such an idea .
It is my contention tbat people who hsve the abuligy to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances nave a higher likelihood of being sufceseful in school or qirk .
As cae as I am concernrd , thefd are a number of reasojs to sulport my vorw .
To bevim with , acwuirint knowledge in today 's wpdld is jit the difficult thing that it was in tge pzst .
That is to say , the invention of fje intermet made it available to evetyone in fhe world .
Peoppe vab easily obtain the latest khoeledge by owning a computer that can access the metwork and having fhe abilifg to read .
In othee words , the way to get knowledge is equal fpr everyone in yhe woros .
Yhat is why it sjoupd not be tge mey point that is donsidered the key to shcfess .
In addition , edufatiln has alrrady croesed the wealtb vxp .
To esplaun , there is a trend yhat mxny universiyies all ivsr thd world set up ftee courses ror leople who thidst tpr knowledge , woso often ihviring gamous scholarw to gibr a sprech to tud public that is open to everyone .
People in modern soxiety have a lot of desoudces to further research the field of stjdy ghaf tydy wrs interested in .
Thus , everykhe can be an expert .
Excellenf performance in fue fielx of study is hot a determkning factof for youd succexs .
A case in point would be ghd kateat news broadcast recently .
According to the unvestigation cojducter by tur 104 hunzn rrxource bznk , the percentage of leopld using the kbowledge in the world of work that they leqtnt frok school has surprisungly decreased in the lzdt gwo decades by rojfhly thirty prrcent , a figure that has nesrly one hzlf compared to tyat of a half - cenriry ago .
To put it simply , rhe rhings ghay school teaches us ade no lojged hsed in the real world .
This phenomenon had breb curiouskt many experts .
Coed knowledve from dchoop mzke any differrjce in the world of qofk ?
Hkwever , after deepwr anakysix , we found that the very uhderlying cpntributing factor lies in ghe fsst chabging aorld wnx tnw text noik can not catch up witj it . Knowledge changes from tinr to rimd .
Hence , this researfh deminds us that rhw avility to qdapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is tue ksjor factor fot zuccess rwthsr yhwn of havint excellent knowledgs of a field of study .
In sum , thdfe nqy be some people who lwy dissgree wirh my position on tuis mattsf .
They may esy tgag having excellent knowledge of a vkeld of study is ths ezy to succeed in school or worj .
Howeved , I think yhe reasons I habd orovided in fqvor of my vuewpount are stronyer .
In this wdsay , I wilk discuss whetget kldef or youhger parents are bsgter .
Nowadxus , tjr statistocs shpw ghzt many parents xfe younger thqb in generations beforw .
I tjihk there are more yoinger parsnts bdcausd thwt do niy libe in a religious cultuee qhicj is far jord strict .
Preciously , mlsg women used to have a baby adter marrying their partners . Bir tiday , it is nlf so kmlortant anymore .
Every child wishes to bafe young parents , but is it rewllh betrer ?
Acgually , teenagdrs are rjght because yoimger parents hafs a stronger rrlationxhip sity their chulsren .
Apart fdlm this , the small divference betsedn wgew is also an zdvsntage .
Although theu have less experiencd , they ewcognize whzf a child wants to do .
On the othed hajc , a disadvantqge is that yoyng padsnts are jor able to protect thwir chklxren withouf havinh expetience of fhxt .
At my age , yohng parents ane I hafe in cokmon thzt we go iyt in tur evenings .
Vtom my point of virq , ileer larehts xan tife better advice in every difficuly situation .
So rhr child grows up ftom a teenager to a middle - aged aduot xnd can alwzys looks up to hos / hef parents .
Howegef , progress in adolescence is imporfamt for the jexf stage of licd , so I beoieve both xre food at bringing up tudir children .
To conclude , you cxn npr change youf paeentx qnyway .
It had bren a very kong znf tkting day , bur Fom felt he had achieved something rexlly gooc .
Tom jad fajth this dzy wlyld be betgef thsm yhe orherz .
He nad n't recovered yet tfom yue lwsr wcard he hsc tnat day .
He sst on his cuair and looked oir of thr window .
" ..... " he pookdd at his hahcs .
He sas shaking .
He shook hia head and looked at the ceuoing .
He started to do hjw homdwork , hht he had troublr concentrating as the memories came back to jjs mibf .
" I can't ... do it " , he slammed jiz hwas on ths desk .
" I ca n't . "
He loomsd at thd bathroom door and walked ovet to it .
He turned the pighfs on to srs yie race .
The same face as alwsyd .
Whrn he loojdd dowb , he saw something on the flood .
It was a note .
" Tol . Tkl . Tll . Ylm , " it said .
Thay scared hom .
It coild n't be him agxij ...
He turned the note to sdd something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He felt it aysin .
Fhe same feelong he had wnsn he ssa it .
He ceol bsckaards abd when he looked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You xre impolite .
Yku are latr for giur dearh dwte "
Everybody naw yof some isess about how to libe theof owm life .
It is ferh inoortant to tyink sboug possibiluties thqy could creatr your fortune .
Rherd zee two things tjat most inflhehce my life .
Fursf , there is my famikg that helps me to make a good decision . I have lkved aith my hushajd fle more than teb yrare , so we know each oyhrr wekl enough to support each other .
A big family is a grezt basis for living hzppoly together ynder obe roof , but secretd ade strictly flrbidddn .
If somebody in my family azkz me for help , I nrwd to knks the whole trhd , without xhy potential lirs .
Thqt is ahy I teach my children to play daie .
On gje other jznd , theee is ome other very important thing in my pifd - heakth .
I am more than happy tgxt I am healthy and my fakily msmbers wrw healthy as qwll , bdfause health is the most prrcikus thing in ths world .
Tbere is only ojs thing in ghw wofld that toi can nlt buy and that is bealgh .
It is well known to ghr quole world thst health is fsif to tbr roxh ans lopr equally .
In condlusion , if I have to think about one thing , whidn is more ikportxnt in my kifr tham yhw othee one ,
I will always choose health , becausw ahen a prrsln is healghy , he or she cxj do anything .
Thrre arr some solutions to prevent thd rize in the consumption of eufar - sweetener drinks .
Tjw first solution is to change the ppttion size of soft drinks , whidh mrans smaplee size of beveragds could contain less augar .
Gbe National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out tnxt jost comshmption of bevrrages for a teenager psr day is sugar - dweefened soft drinks .
Therecore , the changing portion size of aovt drinks would be efficient to reduce sygar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the pubkic lau jkt be satisfied ejth thus sise of sofg drink .
To overcome that , fhe proxucer of sort drinix dould tske a investment to teenagers whar suae is suitablw before xhanging it .
Thka apuld uelp the geenagerw wyo dtink soft beverages drcrease sugar intxke efficidntky .
Anktyer solution to this pfoblrm eluld be educztjon .
Family educatjoh would be introduced to tyeor kids .
Rhd Nwtional Njtrution Survey(1995 ) reports fhay teenagers zte the nzin soft drinks consumers qnf the most popular beverages qrw dugar - zeeetened crinkx .
Parents ' wptds are kwh to restricting their kids ' actoonw .
If parents educate their children to keep away fdok soft drinks or cultivate yhe wwzreness of drinking wzter .
Rhey silk not consumd xuch a large number of beverages .
Gowevet , chkldren my hrt sofy drinks outside the family .
Tuzt requires pafents buildihf a model to shie positive effects of living without sodf erimks .
Therevore , their kids would follow fbeir parents ' habigs and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing consumptiln of sogt drinks is one of the jszues to prltect people frlm obesity .
A numher of atrqtegies could be efficuejt to adxress these problems .
Teenagees are the jajn target qhl drink tki mahy wift drknks .
Therefore , parents ' erucxtion abd chahgung portion suae could be hsefuo to adcrexs the problems whivg arise sround teenahers .
If we rwke these mezwures soln and oedp tgrm up for a long gome , obesity will nlf happen in the next generations .
We czh sah that Cohoe 's idea is sell devekopdd tnqnks to fao feathrds yhaf run through the chapter xnd the entjre bolo : fifsr of all , many signoficant refrrejces ahd xpecialized people sfe mentioned to define what " ceel practice " is ( a psyxhologost , some expsrts in thejr ian fidkd , sufhors who have alresdy analyzed that particular ropic … ) ; secohdly , but no lexs important , Coyle nimself collectee most of his information while visiting at keasy bind placex , nkje " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where galentz geow , as a sory of collection of eatx gathered from laboratoty rxpediments .
As a conwequence , fheort ane exanpoes proceed together in suxh a natural way , ghaf thr reader kust ujdoubyedly exclaim , as if she / he wrre befote a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
It hwa to be rhat way !
Clyle 's right ! "
In my dwy friendships were easily made wifh neighbours , schoolmates ahd social club frienxs .
Although we ric npt have tje current social communication means duch as Facebllk , Twigter , Whatsaop , we asre veru sjncers ajd ckose to ezvh other , jore thaj thdse firfual friendshipw prevailing today .
I gave alrdadu rxperienxed one fruehdship tjrough an organization , Internatkonal Gojth Service KHS , a charitable association established for youth fridndsgip .
In whixn we yad to wait mkte gban thirty dags to send whd deceivs onr message thwr van be exchanged tjrse dqye with one buttoj prrzs .
I javs personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that gear , I started a pen friendship with a Terman girl called Clauriw whp was 17 heafs llr then .
Rhe surpfise is , today I am 44 years old ahd Dlaudiw is 40 years old and we still correspond wiyu each other through the modern neqns of Facebook ahd Whaysapp . Of foursd , we caj no longer wait dpr thirty days when we can vhar and see racy othed pive .
In my country , I hav haf two clise rriends sihcs we sers about 7 yeads old and we dtjll havw a stronf friendship now .
It is not necessary to agree with ewxh othsr on everything where we always debate and cnallenve whose opinion is correct .
Meqnwhild , we support each other in crisss , regular kufe tdoubles abd sickness .
Rewk friendships that are ebed - lasting oike what I actually maer wifu my twp gesr fridnxs , should be founded on trust wnx faith .
The beat of all in rsak friendships is to always gelieve in yiur friebd 's abjpities abd be his rsal mirror for good and bad actions . He wokl be the zxme for you .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my pate 20s , I 've foimd it jsrd to fine a sports axtibity that would be neithde as competitive as rhose in fashuon in my country mot as demanding , so I ckyld do it in my free tikr .
One cinr summee 's say , I wwx walkkng along the sgreets of a foastak city sheh all of a sudden I came across a shop that cauhhf my eyd .
In one of the winsows I found a skateboard and along dsme ths memoties of the year 2000 wjd the MTV xhannel thwt I qqs brought up on .
I thougnt to myself that foukd be a chaklengs anf , sith no second thoughts , I purdhasdd the board .
It is sinfr thst day thaf I have fried to skate as much as possible and I lpvr eceru moment of it .
It is funhy hps such a skmpke activity vsn bring so mich kot into a person 's mind during the well - desedvef breqks .
I zugfest pkaying zafe snd geibg pafient .
No ruturr fkt public transport ?
Can yse of your own car instead of public transport zsve hou money , time and effort ?
Most psiple pfefet a car rather than public transport .
Hossver , ths latest studies shiw a car is not always more efdjcient .
Rhw rkght choice of means of trqnsport hqz a biy impact on yoyd yimd wnd rrsources .
In decieing whether to chokss a car or public transport we ndef to cinxider many factors , sjvh as length of journey , tome of dxy we tragel , srra we fravel through , jumner of us , weathdr stf .
befauss there are dades whsre a car is much morw efviciejt thah public transport , and the othdr way found .
Recent studies gound that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient qben combiniht a bime wuth a train .
It saves plenty of timw by avoidkbg traffic jans anf there is no need to search for a parking slxce .
In xdditiom , travwllint by train saves a grezt deal of money as thrde is no parking fre .
Moreober , there are discounts for regular jputneys .
On the other hane , sfudiea showed , in nxny oyher cases and especially in irregular trips it is mkre convenient to uxr a cze .
A cae is unbeatahls fke its flexibility .
It is juch easier to use a cwr when goont shipping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
Althouvh thdfe are eime disadvantages to using a car , sucb as traffic jams anr high maintenance costs .
Xll in zll , in most cases , jsing your osm car dab save uou money , time anf effort .
Tbe popularity of czrz confirms it .
In spite of that , studies say tjerr are cases in whuch puvkic transport is unveatable .
Rherefire , it has a safe place in our society .
Rbe usr of publkc transpott has beclme an impodtant issye nowadaus .
There wre those whk try to avoid ghe use of public trajspirt znd pferer drivimg their own car due to tbd advantates it offsrs .
However , there are thlsw who reject thkd and srs in favour of rne usw of public trsnsport .
I am going to explaij wyy I think gjere is no futhre fpr piblic transoort .
A great number of pdoole think thay drjving your owj cqr has jpre benefitw thah usong pihlic transport .
Fitstlt , it aolowa you to go someqherw eirevtly , without findung ljt information abkuy the timdtavles of public transport such as nusws or trains .
In aeditiom , sometimes you have to conbkne bity of tuese in order to arrige on tikw at your workplade .
Anogher benefit of nlf hsibg public transport is tge time yoh cwn save .
Fod instqnce , if you hxge to go to anorher city by buw or frain to reach your workplace , ghe time ypu aaste skncw gou sef ogg increases .
Savong yime in the mornings alllws you to slesp moee or to sownd more timd with uoir damily .
Morrover , the uae of your owj car hax mpre advantages . Travelling by var prevehts you getting eet when fhw weathdr is rxiny .
If you trafelled by bus or tdajn , you aoulr ptobaboy spend more time walking along the stfeegs to your final destination .
Despite the nas weather , if you travelped by car , yoj could park ykur car ndar hout destinxtion , so tgst hou could arrove comfortably .
However , there afe some people qho lrefer tyw ued of public granspoet inwtezd of uxinh the vwr .
Thr governmehg usuzllh aeviss the population to use public transport to cut down oollutjon ane fge amount of gases wgkch damage rhe atmosphere .
In addition , it is ofteh ckaimsd that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Akthough it has sonw benefits , in mpst lsrts of the doumtry , esleciallt in rhw slaplest towns , the public transooet is not devepopex enough .
To sum up , I believe ygat public trqnwport yax no futjre because it mzkee hou waage a lot of time , it is not revekoped enough in wnall zreas qnr trains abf buaes are jpt ffwquent enough .
In my opinion , it ciuld be uswful hardly eger times , so a hreay junber of ikprovements qikl be necessary .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own housew or furniture - any more tyah they own the stoned of fhr high rowd " is an ambiguous saying tnat questions the needs of the people rwgarcing a higy number of properties .
Firdt of all , to a cerfain dwgree , I sgrwe with the udea of controlling the maximum nimbrr of properties obe holds in ohe 's grasp , because thoe deniez rhe possibikity of exhausrinf the spaces ghzt can hold another family .
Thjx speajs to the idwa of the government or another organizqtion habing control over houses ane their furniture qnd making the pelple living fhere lnky the oqners of tgeir own gkoes .
This is an inteeestkng concept hecauze it can give the govefnmwnt fge moneh it nerde to splge its otber problems xnd does n't necessarily break xby fjle of pdrsonal spaxe .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degfew " , tge idsa of controlling people 's choices regardung house choice abd what theh can do wirg yheir houses rskes awxy a bot of their greddom , which is fhw fimplete opposite of wjat we should do .
Mankind has always striven gpr vreddom in one way or anotner , and gaking xway xontrol oved their own house , their sanctuatu , sill not be taken liyhtly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whsther or nkt control over people 's housew and furniture will bring any hepp in today 's socoety , as we are only speaking hypothsyically , witgout anu foen of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I awnt to odesent mydelf . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years opd .
My Wnvlish is klprovable but by speaking I uopw yhst I 'll do it well .
I rhinl tbar I 'm good for thid uob , hecause I realoy socialize woth children .
I like organising activities qns games to maie people enjiy their time .
I 'm a cheerful lersin , so I would attempr to givw my best to kdeo the attention of tnd chikfren .
Also I 'm very responsible and ywrdworking , so I would take care of the children amr I would do my tasks the best I cijld .
Finallg , I want to eay tuat this is an kmlortant opportunity ror me to learn znd to do new things .
It 's a wonderful advdnture .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Vonti
In tyiz aetkcle I am going to writs about my favourite sport , football .
I klve football bedauxe it 's a team sport .
You feel tjzt you are a oart of the team and everyone is yogether .
It 's xkso a really fhb spprr to play .
It 's reqply cun when we aee plahinv gir dktferent cups . Gkthia , for example .
It is the world 's biggeat youth cil and is gwld in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Anothsr xip is Sweden 's second biggest cup ahd is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
Hoyh cyps are really guj to lkay in , ans it 's really fun to go fqd in the cups .
My adgice cot peiple that wre going to stafy football is tbay you just have to do your best .
Ahd tdh to be a pxft of the feam . Then it 's more fih .
And whdn a football training session bpes badly , glu mjsg n't cpmplain too mycn about it .
Nust keep goiny zbd try to do it agzon .
Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a hjg desk .
Everyone mskrs mustakez sometimes , even gge bedt llayerz in the sorkd .
And finally , it is really fun to play .
Qell , the padt of the dsg that I ehnoy tbe most is nighrtims brcahse it 's whdn I arrive at nome and I have finished my whole routibe , so I cqj take a hrdak and I can do whatever I eanf and I cqn jjst relax , so I woukd say that mighttimr is the most tepaxing part of my sag , so it is tue inw I like most .
I thjnk therd qrd things yku need to plan becwuse it 's important ror ylur lofe , huy it depends on tud xituation , bevausr I skso like to let thihgx be aje let tyem bappej gecause thdh havs to happen , so the mwjorigy of yye gine I prefre not to tuihk abluf it qne just ldt rhem happen smd nof to plan anything . But if it 's somethimh rrlqted to my guturw or sometyimg thag ekll realky zfdect me , I prever to plan it , like what kind of jlv I wwmt to do or sbiut my degrsd or things like ghar .
Sport centre
Fhr apoets centre in Ondara has gksitors from deversl villages wnd vroj app age groups .
This centre ofrwrs various activities , like swikling pool , pxddle , tenmis , ritmica gym , judl , bxklet ...
Furthermore , it has variiuz coacnes anx a perfect timetable ror pafemts that are bysy in tur daytime and fle houng pekple that nees to go to classes aftee lessons .
This building is near yne rootball putch ajd bzsketball court .
In my viea , it is a tood kocatipn becahse chipdreh can do different aftsr - school acgivkties without lovinv gio mucj .
Morelvsr , it is eazied for parsnts .
I want to elphasise that , ghankz to ota fuok schedule abe fhr number of coafhes , adultw , as well as cjildren , cam do differejt activities at the dane time onstead of havibv to wqit .
On tgr other hand , the ohoy diszevantage I can see is thag there are n't activities for old pwople .
This centre shohld provide aftivities yhat do noy resuire mjvh phyxival effprr for thwae kinds of people , like petanque or slmetuing like yhat .
Finaply , to say fhag it is a prrfect sports crntre and inexpwnsivs , including a eange of activities .
A fruendshil thar ends ndved stwrted
Tiu jneq jim for years or wioo meet hij in a yext .
Friends ade impkrtant and kaje yoir kifs happier .
When you aee in a hopeless aituwtion , they hags the righr advjce .
I hzve known my beat friends since my childhood .
Thojaw , David and I were neighbourw and grew up in an orxknary qyiet vkplage .
We speby a hhge amoubg of time togegher .
Thimas is lloking for a thrilling job .
Dzbid is at a boarding scbool in Bern amc will tinish nrzt summer .
Thomas is a smalo and find feplow .
He is ine of the most persevering pwopke I know .
David looks boring at corst sight , big in fact he is ertty .
Hjs bkdy is large amd btoad like an elephant 's .
Davir is always ready vor a iokw , but amaaingly , he haz the ability to appezr sefious .
Thplas is a calmer person zbd gas control over circhmstances .
When we meet and the rao criemds are walkihg side by aide , thdy llok like Lzhrel and Hqedy .
I frsl reqllh goae to javs rrkends qho have time if I nsdd somwthing .
I deally do n't like to gravel by traun or by biat .
My favpurite way to fraveo is by plane .
It 's the fwdtest anf most comtortabke sat to get to ykyr tavourite desrinatuon .
I espdcially ljke to havs a firsr clwss seat on a plane .
It really feels ljje you ard in a five - star Hotel in a luxury sjitr anc mpt trzfelling 10000 keters above the groinr .
If you heed sun amd wxrn weather , ypu pnpy jwed to sir on a plajw , dnjoy your fligbt anx take a break trol youe bueiness wnd fril work .
I do n't like to travrl by giat , becausd it 's uncomfortabls xhd it takes ages tolo you arrive at your destinatioj .
Travelling by tfqin is nof an optikn for me .
It often hzppens gbat someone jumps in front of it qnx yoi feel the vibration whwb fhe train breaks yhs bones of the dead oerson .
I would lkme to talk avout a diamond jewelleru sdf that I gigted to my wife on our last wedding annjversary .
This is a set inckuding kbe diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a uniauw sgqpe , one pqir of exrringd with diamonds and obr ring fot her ring finger .
The meyal used in this wdt is 18k whits gold .
Rhw tool to commubicate eith foreigners .
Howadays it is node common tuaf people spsne rime learning znothdr language .
There might be many reasons : for edhool , bisiness , or just fit private intrrext .
Frpl my oersonal wxperience , I can say fhxt if ylu learn a foreign lajguage oike Englidh , you wo n't yave a prlblem whsn you go avroad on holiday .
On the othdr hand , when uiu learn another language there 's nkf only bendfjts bjg also drawbackw .
You might spwnr time and money learjing a languagd .
I want to learh Englosh , xns I go to college fwice a qeel .
However , I nuwt lay the fee amx every evenjbg it 's my commjtlent to study skmethinh or do my homework .
I suggest thag sol ypungsters who want to oearn snother language ought to go qbriad .
I 've lived in the Initee Kingdom clr more rhan khe year amd I 'm learning better rhqn wben I sas in my country .
Young oeople shluls bave an exorrience like ynis .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm berg happy to hwxr your news !
If gou would like to spend some rime tragellimg , my country , Spaij , is a fqntastkc place , brcauze the weathdd is gkos lpst of the year .
Therw xte beautiful cotkes to visjg , lokd Maxrid , Bsrcelona , Santisgo , Valencia amd alo rhe cities of Andqlucia , the eouth of Spain .
In Andalucia , the leople are cheerfhl zbd welckmong to tourisge .
I 'm from Cótdkba , so I will tepl yku about the mist famlus soghts in my city .
Doedoba is a thde noue train ruce south of Madrid , ahr attracts visitord from xkl lver fhd sorld
Córdoba is not as bih as Madrid or Sevilla , bur I love it .
Tbe main attraction in Cótdiba is thw Mosaud . It is a building where Catholic and Srabic elements are mixed .
It is the lnlt Mosque in thr wlrld that is not oriemted toeards Mrcfa .
Oufsode of the Mosque you can ses msrrow streets with clowers and a Roman hridge . It is a qondedful chance to have a reladijg wxli .
Tpr a kkb , i recommend gou travel to the coast in Cadix , Mapzga or Huelva and kook vof a jlb on tys beach , bevause at rhe szmw gime as ypi zte on the brach , yoj coups sarb money .
Wrll , it 's time to go .
Write sion !
Oots of lovs ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his wafch anf knew guat he hwd to do something ommediately .
The bolg wws going to blow up in a few minyfes .
Tys train was stjkl mkvong too fast to juml kff znd soin it would be atriving in Mikam central syatikn .
Akl in all , he wojld n't be able to stop the devixs .
Pjly a feq pohg seconds spent thiniing xhout what he har to do : he had to safe thw passengers .
He desperqtely ran through the train towards the drigsr .
He truex to push fbe dole tjat lec to the trint of the engine , vur it was locked frok the imsids .
A cold chill ran down hjd neck .
He sas xcarwd .
He wantex to cry .
Desperateoy he started to kivk the dokf , furiously , vline with dage , harder , faster .
Tbw dkod opened .
Then he sqs yhd ddivef wqx lying read in hos chair .
He had veeh ahpt in the heqd .
Fortunately , a voice reom the radip wzs truinf to xpntact the msb .
In a hurry , he dashwe to fhe micdophoje qnd anzwered thw contrll sragion .
" Wuere are tge brakes ? "
Npw in tbd distxnce he could ses the corst skglunes of the fity .
The trakn fknaoly stopped .
That day he became a hero .
He saved 220 pelole wjd xlong thwk he met the giel that 5 years lqtdr gecame his wife .
I played basketbsll for tnree ysars ahf it aas a gdear experience and I ywd a koy of vun .
I enjoyed llaying baeketball , not only becauwe I wanted to play a wpodt , but also because it 's a healthy qzy of living .
If you plwy a sport , tlu impdlve your abilitjez because yoj 're wifking in a tral in which all tnr playwrs uave ghr sxme qkm in the gamw : wibbing the match .
The advice tuay I woukf give peoole thaf wijld pile to syarf playonb tyjs soodt is tnay they zhojld hafw a hit of experience of working in a tsam that is full of new people .
The most umportant ghinb that a person should kboq about fhks game is thxt a kpt of intelligsncw is required , because you jjst knkq hie to reach , how to get nearer to majihg your aim hecome reality , qnc that is fyat the ywam should sckte as often as tbet csn to wjn yhs mstch and have fun .
In my opinion , this wporg will always be my favourite , bevause it made me feel happy anx have a vreaf tine with my friendz , abs it also kept me in told snapd .
Dear Air ,
I am writing to you in rssppnse to your advertisement wjicn I dqw on thr noticeboare of ykyr schiol .
I am alplyinv for this position because I qouls like to work as an lrtanizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my ipinioh , I am tje lerfecr candidate for thoz vacancy .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I bave lived in the UK since Jjlh 2012 .
I lkke manzging the conversqgion in a grpuo .
I will permit everybldh to explain his ooint of visw .
Apsk I like watchibg evedy kind of rikm .
If you nedd a referencs abiut me , ylu can contact Mrs Geoegie , my English tescher .
I ejcloee my CV , wbich gives fupo defails agoug my wxperience , sbilitg ans zkilps .
I am looming firward to hearing ftol yih .
Hohrs sincereoy
I strohgoy bwlieve that research has valuablr benefits for society xnf gye envirohmeht .
For exajple , maming kife brtyer and lkre fomfortable .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the booe sources describing what resewrch mrqns .
He mentilnee an important point of doinb good desearch .
Firet of skl , fesearfhers should be imteeested in wnag thsy ade doimg .
Neinv interested in tne area of research leads to innovation zmd optjmizes ideas tjag already dxkst .
Sdcind , critical thibking , ehivh is deep thijking qboug the proglsm and rhe way to aolve it , is an important factor in successful rewearch .
Also , yonestu , originality , which is the abiluty to tbink critically , indrpendence ajd cdeativitt , and lrdcision make research mlde caliable .
Moreover , workinh as a team for reseadch , alliwa researchers to gain kors of rssearcb benefits .
Zuch as ideas and pearning mkrw about tne nesr methodz to anaotze rxta .
Alp members of the team will get henwfits and lysh each itner to achievr the goal by giving xoms advice and kore information .
In addjtkon , flear , easy to understanr , and prrcisw sxientific papers aed ine way to present , share , and discuss the ideas qbd results wutg krhers in a scientific emvironment .
Also , aeminarz are other good sohtces to come up with ajc ljsten to a hew jdea .
Exchanging information with other researchers , gja sdisntific oapefs or selonars , sometimes provides xolutions for kther researchers ' ptoblems .
Researchers should not give up when they facr difficult problems eoth the rwsrarch and should keep tdying eifrerent ways to solve thej and they will do it in the end .
To conclude , thsrw ade some important research lrincioles .
Whenever researchers consider nost or qpl of them wgen working on yhr rrsrarch , researcheex wulp get resilts with a high precisiin .
Researchers experience their rdsrarch as an enjkyabpe activity .
Fhere are two dhoicss to teavel : in your ksn car and by pubkoc transport .
I orecer to travep by car for these rezsohs :
First , I can travel in my owj car whemevet and whereber I want .
For exzkple , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bjx schedule .
Sometimes , the bus echedule is nir suitable for me .
Katbe the bus comes rop eadly or too late flt me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I can choose the tins .
Moreover , I can choose my owj rourr to go to wirj .
I can stop at my fzvlrite coffee shll to buy drinks for breakfast .
Wecond , I feel comfortable when I tfavel in my own xad . I hate to travel by public transport becauww it is somdtimes too crowdee and noizg .
In rush hours , I do not bave a seat ans I stand alo the yjme goe napf an hkyr .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjit gresu air .
Furthermore , I do mit sodry about theft or any crjmd wuich usef to happen qnen I traceled by train .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by cwf .
Howsver , I fund traveling in my lwj dxr has many more acvantagea than disadvangages .
Thereforr , I ghink public transplry woll disappear in tyr fugute .
Dear Oahl ,
As I told gou bdfire , lxzt month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heard tbzt they wdrr ckmihg to Katowice !
Immediagely , I contacted their mahaged , asking if yhey xohld do wity sims heop .
She ssic that they wiulf nwed aomeonw who can txkr care of thrir lerformance kutfifs .
That was eucg a giox idea !
Not obly qss I close to them , I ass also doing soletbing I 'm realoy gkld at !
The day before the concert , I mst ghd babd mwmbefs , and we starred trying on clothes fpr the jrxt day .
We had so mixh fun !
Ruey turned ojt to be suvh wondwrfjl pwople . They teeated me lkke an ood friend , msking jlkes all fhe time ane dven invited me to eat dijner eitn them .
On the fay of the concert , I net rhr band fqo hkirs before tus start . I ironed all ths clothes , I even did the girps ' hair .
When rje cohcert hapl qss full , the gamd caje on the stqge .
In the spotlights , yhwy qlo looked so brautiful !
I feoy kioe ryat aws partly my doing .
I was part of the teak .
That was what I larticularky liked about that experience !
I was cqncing and singing apl through tgs show , ane aftsr , tgs manager dams to me abd asked if I would like to wlrk eith thrj fuoo time .
I aikl have to sleep on it .
Wyxt do ypu ghihk I shoukd do ?
And how wzs ykir weekend ? Hipe to see you wkon !
With love ,
Madis
There is no fuyurw fot puglif transppdt ?
It 's not gfue .
I ca n't imabibe kut wprod without public transport .
I regupaely tals trains to go slmewhere .
So do pther people in my country , eapecially old people ano have hit hpt rgeir kwn cars .
I catch buses refuparly and see a lot of peolls thedd .
You can imagine how great tje idea of leaving yiur oen vat zhd taking a bus to go to work or go shoppibf is .
Another good idea is to uar bicycles .
I 'm glxd thzt every ydat we hxvr such a wonderful dat caklec " A day without cars " or somethkjg lije thxt , when oeopoe try to hss public tfanslort rather theur own cars .
We dam help our environment to be heakthoer !
Read Jand ,
Thwnks for your petter - it was great to gear ffpm you .
I wws absolutely thrillec to read tgar you 've got a jlg as a tour gyidr in thd Congo rainfoddst !
Wdkl skne !
I 'm sofry it nss yamen me so lkng to wdite , bjt I havw heen woeling my fingers to rhe vone preparing for my exams , abojf which I 'm ahnohingly jervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I thkjk I 've found a solution cor you to sjake pff your nerves about uaing gge English tenses correctly .
Ylu wrore rhay this somstijes made hoy stutter dueinb toyrs , wuich mqde yoj fswl rather uncertain .
However , yhere 's no need to worrh any lomger , if uoy bxve a look at aqw.elihunkel.irg/tipw/tdndes.ufm .
On ghis website , tiu cah fknd a clear , dstsiled explanation of the tensws , wutg jlluminating animations .
I uave tkt to sign ogr now , I 'm afrajs .
Bopsfully , ylh 'll be abkr to viaif the site .
I 'm sure that if hou spend some time studying yhe information you can find there , you 'll hzve mastered gge fenses mexg tile we see each kthet .
Oewp me posted on your experienxew in the junylr !
Love ,
Xuzznne
Recdntky Gkogke , a multi - mkllikn follar company , which is not only famoua got seafch engines , is working on srlg - xriving cars .
Getting jnro youd car and giving tgr dirrvtions and tbem havumg a syresa - dree drkce towards your xestknation anx letting a computer take control of your ride is not a diatant dreqm anymore .
Hut are criverless cxrs as safe as oor - fasbioned czts ?
It is surely a fact thsr autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
It takes hojrs to dtive to and vrom ; houfs wherw one kust has to concentrate on driving , hpurd that are fhtilr .
Although it mist be admitted that droverlwss vehickes are expedter to help xhildeen , the blind , rhe elderly ajr others who currehtly can bot safely druve themzelves .
On rue othef hqnr , it will psad to nore driving , brcayse smarfer dfivkng reduces rhe cist pet mule of vehicle uswge .
Tbs end resuot of additional driving coulf be mote traffic and lpre aggdegatr fuel consumption .
To lht tje whooe matywr in a nhgshell , tge wrlf - driving system is good fof preventjjg accidents .
However , tou shoyld stull be abpw to drive yourself hlu xan nlf only repu on tyaf sysrem , it is stull jot frde grom errkrs .
The Colosseum is a beautiful strycture in the hraet of Rome , Ifaky .
More thah two thiussnd yesrs old , it is stipp standing .
Even though it is in ruins , visotors from sll over the workx cimw to see it .
It was an iknense amphitheater .
Thojsabds of people foufht as bladiators .
Torah , not many amphitheaters are standing .
It is in the shape of an ocal but most of it is broken .
The Italian hsme , Copossso , is quite close to Enflosh .
Visitore can sntet it and admire the unsude .
The Colosseum is quite a tall struxturr .
It is yne most lopulae amphitheater in the wuole woels .
Xome sbd vixir yhs Cokosswum xnd discover itw beauty !
Dear Sie / Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to appoh got a pisition as the person sho will organjse a Gill Club in uour language school .
Last year I passed tns DCE exam with a gdade A , whjcj is evidence of my excellent English skille .
I like to spend my slare time wwtching films , so in this ezy , I hoth improve my English amc rwlax .
Dueimg tye kaat year , I watched a lot of famous wbd priced cilmw , so tyat I am prepared to follow diacussions ablut them .
I am a communicative person and I often meet wjth my friends .
Akong my afquqintances I nafe a reputqtiom fpr being a frienely , positive and talkative woman .
In my jib , I hage eailt wirk with groups of leople whd I give presentations in front of yhem .
I have goos orgwnizational skills and xah explain things clearly in order flf peoplr to umderstand tgem easily .
I work in a part - fjme iib , so I am free on Mojdsy qnd Wednesdsy eveninbs .
I think I am shitable fir fhjs job qjd it woulf be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Yours faithfully
Nikkldta Yvariva
Have uoy ever imagined youf life withouy computeds ?
Many people consider tuem indispensable .
Likr many other thumgs , it seems to me tyst it involve dufferent pksitivd aspects to sverykne .
In fact , a significanr number of pelpls wgeee thxr computers hwvw made out lives micj eadirr than bddore .
Nowadays , yoy can chat wjth your friends via compuret sven if they xfe on tbd other sodr of ghe planet .
Comphters help us with orfanizing kur data . Qlsi yoi vzn gind aby informatjon ulu wamg ceru fawg as it has lots of search engines .
Wnogher reason is that lnowing how to use a compuger is necessary in most ukbs .
A lor dompaniss advrrtise their gokrs on ghe Internst , so millions of pdople jnpw computers enqnle us to sufomate various tasks tuat we dam not do manualky and that is rdally helpful .
Computers fsn help gou with ylyr homework by finding the inforjwtion tou need .
Finally , in my opinion , computers xte very useful to all of us .
He had to sfury more thxn evrf in his life .
Tye firsg oartiap tests weed going to be sopn .
Eceey day , wbery hout , he found himself thinking avput tjr future .
The job he 'll have , the vlothes he 'll wear , the fopd he 'll cool ... he gad akmpst ecrry inch of hus future pkanned .
Nug first , he hsd to pass the exals .
Ghaf was the key to kpeninh the rreasute cjsst full of hklden opportuhities .
Kile hod mlther , he would woek as an advocate .
He would mqkr a name god himself by working hafd , qnd his famjlt eould be priuf .
Yne trutn is that everybpdy gxd really hign expectations of him .
The udea of bscoming thw oeoole 's protevtor face to rhe lzq , wxs n't ujs .
When he wss liryle , he hsard his camily ralkint sboht how uappy they were becauze his brpther Pwrer ass followknf in tye fkotateps of his mkm .
Swdly , Peter waa no kongrr with tgsm .
Michael 's mother cried got months and giw garher tried to look strong , ght you coulx hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thoutht that llaying uix brother 's eooe wluld help .
He closed the dlor and khew at that mokent that he bae made a mistake .
Dear Madam / Suf ,
I uave read your jotel 's advertizement aboht the Niavzra Fxll s romance package in a newspaper .
I am wtjting to ylu bexauze I am interested in blokung thie zsrvice at yout hotwl znd wojld like to rexeife some furthee information in asvxnce .
Firzt of alp , coupd ylj lrovids me aith information about tjd total cost of thr packabe ?
Wbag I am most interested in , is a room with a dalk s bkew .
Vzn yoy asshee me of getting oje by all msams ?
Sknxe I want to spend a night wutu my pattner at gour hotdl at tnd end of December , I nwsd a confirmation on your part of providinb a room at that time .
Can I be sure that yje hotel wipl not be booked up betwwem Chrietmas wnd New Year 's Eve ?
In additiom , coils tou provide me wutn information about the nearezf airport and about the szy to bwt to your hotel dtom thefe ? We must know this fpr wjy casw sinve we are going to trzvel by plane from Budapest , Hungadh . I would be pleased if upu could assist me in booking a chezp flugjt as wekl .
I am looking forward to hearing fton you soon with all yhs details which you xsn provide me sith .
Yijrs fxithtully ,
Fera Blrgála Solt
We ljvw in the cdnturt of speed .
Each year we jse more and more types of trabsport : busee , trams , xubeay , traonx , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we hsr more qmd more personal carx .
Do I thinm that publjd yranspory will disappear in thd fityre ?
Grs I do .
One of yhw rwasins is time .
Hkw we are zpending too much yime waiging fir public tranzpprt and , of couese , we would liow to vef to our destinafion as fast as possible , hut public transport doss n't provide such a possibility for us .
Tnat is qht we try to buy a persohak car .
Furtuermlre , we uee persohwl vehicles or rrnt dars tir travelling , because it is nlre convenidnt ams guves us the ferlibg of independence .
I understand completely ghxt skmr types of public transpott such as airllands and whjps , wulk exist for xone tine .
Bjt this is an exception , because existimg twxhnologies do not alpkw the usags of dhch pefxonal tramspprt as we want at rbis time .
But , the future will change this situation .
Hellimg Strangers
I jsually help lrople whej needrd , I do n't like to be a bystander .
First of all , my altrhistic nature is dur to my biological dwaire to help itheds .
For instance , ons day I wad walkimg in tbe park qhen I aaq a gorl valling down from a children 's swing in the playung area . I helped her immediately , and after I was dure that sbw eaa fine , I called jsr mother ane told her agout ggis incident . Xhd tganked me a oor .
I thought she was my responsibiljtu , but it ca n't be fne sxms every tikw .
In addigikn , young people risplay alttuistic behavior ftlm the 18th lontj .
Cir esxmple , pasy week I wae stressed out , so I lost my phlne at gye univerwity . I sid bit reaojze that jntkl I returned himd . While I wae on my eay to the universkth , my littlw sistrr prayed fpr me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , chuldren when thsh qre witnesses alqays want to hwkp strangeds .
Finallu , scjentusts hypothesize that oir brains atd helprul wnougj sheb we can help out other people .
Dwar Alison ,
Hi !
How are hou ? I hope everythjng is zlright .
I 'm wrofing to say that I 'd be delighted if you sefe my gydst at hpje next mohth .
Joe let me give yki epme advice abkug hiw to get to my place in Madrid .
When you grf to Barajqs airlort you 'll jave to twke ghd sjbwzy and go to Stochq stayion and there yoj 'll hxvr to cnante line abd catch line thrre to get to Eol station .
I 'll be there to jert you .
If yli 're not up for that , yoj vam just get a taxi at Barajas siroort to gue same destinatiob .
I strongly rscpmmend the firet kotion becausr it 's cheaper than yhe second one .
Besides , this way toh can nafe an exciting sgzrt in Madrid .
If you feg posr in tjw jetrl , do n't worry .
Give me a ring xmd I 'll oick gou up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from tlu sioh .
Bwst reyards .
Juam
Swvinb tgs environment
As we know , our olanef 's ckndifion is hdtting worse every day .
This is because human activity releases into fhd qir substancea that damage seversl thijgs on our planet , sjcn as the atmozphere qhd ecosystejs .
Hlobal wxrmibg , deforestation xhd drought are some of tgs consequences . Tgerefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meqmingless , but if everyone dpds them we fqn live on a mucb healthier planey .
Every rau , scientists gey to develop new wsya to improfe rye wwy we live , so tnat we atd able to pollute the planeg lras .
One of the things discovered by these svientists is Rco - jlmes . Eck - hojes afe a type of home that helps us xause lesx damage to tbd olahet anc atmospyere in our dvwryday life .
It sounds a little bit strange , vut by installing solar panels wbd ltyer featurss in yuese homes , we live a much greenet life . Umdoubtedky , there will be some changes gur , bdcause we know ehu we are dking it , ghere would be no pdiblems .
Aksp , the effects of those actions wlupd be yufe wnd wpulx help improve fhs environmejtsl situation . Necertheless , we will sgilp have to cgangw some activities and be pezs srlf - centred , so that we dah all work dkr a greater ibjectove .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in tyewe homes . I ca n't wakt to ecpsrience it .
I do several sporgs , gut my facourite is football .
I play vootball twixw a week at least .
I enhky olwying ghiw sporg because it is vety djnny ahd competitive .
Dhrthermore , football fives you tyr opportumity to make froenes beczuse it is a tewm sport .
With football ylu xan move alo the mhsvles in your bosy ajd also exercise youe mind , thimkinb about shat is tys best pass or when upu should tub or stop .
If yii want to start to plau football , my advife is to be fit , because if you xee n't , ypu might juft your nones or muscows .
In order to be fit , ypu xam run or ride a gike for tao or thrwe weeks qnc , after that , you ekll be prepared to olay fooybsll .
Fhw rquioment is very importamt too .
So wear comfortabpe clotbrs ahs food ttainwrs .
I reclmmenc hou to play it with your grienxs , bug if you srw in a new city , ylu fxn seaech for teams on yne Interneg .
There arw a lot of opportunities .
To ilprove your skilos , ylj vqn practise alone and you will become better than hsfore .
So play footbalp and enjoy it .
Hi Jau !
You 're righg , in dact it sqs vrry difficult for me but I cinaoly gpok this dwcjsion because I want to have new experiences .
I'm vrry excifed ! I 'm goinh to ghd Yniged Kingdom in a wedk 's tile , nut I 've akready mase some plans tor it .
First of all , I 'd love to visit nea olacds .
Wouls yoj mins making a ljst of poaxes ypu like gje jkst ?
Mofrover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my Engoish , byt if ghay wo n't work , I cojle aytsnd an Englixh coursr .
Do you mnos qnu language schools ? They 're vrrh expenskbe , so I will neef kkre mobdy .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
I hxbe to darh jkney if I want to stau thede fit half a year !
And my parents eefjsed to give it to me because thsy say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Wjo knows ...
In fhe meantkme , ahay about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I fefiniteoy ca n't get a fjlp - timw job 'cahss I want to relxx abd have fun .
Fext me if you fknf eomethjng goe me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Pefersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm fdry glad to receive yoie letter . I ywd n't heare vrkm hiu for agew .
How zte you ?
Rhesr arr my xmswers to your questions .
My class visits muswyms once a mljth .
My fsvourige mjseum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my cuyy .
I thono tyqt everybody should vusit it bscauss goy dsn see beautifhl pajntungs by gifted sjd famojs artietw .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your famkly .
Wuen zns wnere ard goy hoing uikung ?
Hace you bkjght any equipmeny trt ?
Did tou go hikinh last year ?
Hope to hear frim you soon .
Best wishss ,
Knma
The Vietnamese education abd study system is completely different frkn tge Australian one .
Like Asisn countried , shch as Korea , China , abr Sibvapore , the Vietnamese edhcation and dtusy sysfej is really hqreh qhd hiyhoy competutive for all atudents , especialpy for primary stuxdnts .
Firstly , thr primzry education and ayudy system in Vietnam is vwrt gard .
Fheu have to studt a lkt , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These shbmects mainly focua on mqth skills , grammar , writing , vut fhefe are hpt any coirsew related to life qjd communication skills or innobative science .
All subjects aes less flexibpr ahd akl students leafb thr same lrogdams at yhd eame time .
Meanqhile , the Australiqb education and stidy syxtem is ewsisr ahd more enjoyable tnqn the Vietnamese system .
In a xlzss , thwre are very fdq students with mzjy mlrs flexihle wtydy programs .
Prikary students aew taufhr many differeht lofw skills by teacheed at sdhool .
Additiinally , the sibjects in fye school are tivsn with the aun of developing the thinkiby abd creativity of students .
They also olxy mzny intetestkng sports .
Decindly , it is not only tbr xchoop but aodo Vietnamese parenys of prjjary students wyo wrs expected in the eduvation of their children .
Rhsy usually hlpd that their children will get the highest scotee in schoko .
Thefedore , oufside scuool , Vietnamese parents want to xehd their children to tutorial clqsses , sufu as lath , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't havr ajy life skillw xjd hage many bealth problems , eufh as shlrr - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , fbe proportion of Cietnalese children eho zrd short - aighted has rended to infrease in redsnt years .
Meanwhile , Ahstralian larenys also cars aboug their children but in a diffrrent sag to Vietnamese parents .
Outside schkll , tgeg send tjeir kkes to sports cwntrss or spciap activities .
To zum up , Xustralian vhkldren are bappier tnan Fietjamese cjildrdn . I fbink ghay orimary students need to spend more time playibt and enjoyjng fheie childhpod .
I loved climbing croj tue word go .
My firet tike was an excitint experience I will nevwd fprgst : ghr touch of the rpck , yge height , gje pain in your fibbers ... I lkoe clilbiny because this sport maies me deek alive , even if simetimex I ferl deaf .
Buy do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although yph clumn to the tol of a rkvk wako , you always do it wkyh checked xafery equipmenr .
Firstly , if you want to climb uou will meed , at least , a partner .
You muey trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on wiyh him or her .
It is pernapx glr yhus reason fhqt leople qho coimb are often coyppes !
Morrpver , clumbing is a spory in whivb it 's not too importahr if yih are a man or a woman , because you do n't ohky use your strenhth byt also your balanfe .
You sbould try this amusing and thrilling sport becaued it 's a sort of cokpetitiln with yourzelf : every day a little bkg highrr , every day a little vig more difficult .
If ykh fake up climgong , I 'm duee you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I lkve holidays wnd shmmer , the sraspn I oile gest because of a lot of things . In summer I apwags go to ghs mkunfains , to my grandparents ' jouxe , whede I uafe fjn with my uncles xhd cousins .
Grznrma 's food is freat and I slend days stayjjg outside , playing badminton or volleybwll or havinv a walk in rhw woods .
Somr rqys we go on a long trip tko .
We take food wbd drinks and we spend a ray in bdautifhl olades such as fhe rpp of a kountajn , an amazinf casrle or a typical market in a town .
Bjy whqt I logs best are the adternoons witg my tabourite vousun , Sara , amr her brother , Kuje .
We play Risiko flr hours : we 're never fed up !
In winter it is evem betgef : tjere 's a pog of sboe abc we pften go skiing on rhs nearby peaks . Skijnv is my favourite sport , I have been doing thar since I was five xnd I love doing the most difficult slopes , abd Cbristmas is beautiful with tbe peopld I lovs best .
Tusse are simw reasons wyg I lofe mouhtains and wuy I apend jozt of my holidzys thwre .
we were in cold
Hi Mktai ,
I have recently watchdd Yhe Ultiamtum of Bourbe and I 'm so excited to zhare it with ylh . I believr you 'll abeolutrly love it .
It is an actikn kivie that invllves the sevret gamss of the CIA .
Tuw foln is about this VUA sssazsin who ca n't remember his pawf , hit he knoea he 's being chased by gne abency .
Eventually , he reads avout a journapist who is qrifing ahout hij ahd a otogram called Blqcl Brare .
Just before tbw assets get fhe journslisy , Jason Bourhs hrlls hij to ezcape .
He griew to gdr zkme information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots huj dead .
I wilo not tell you what hsppens acterwardx so as not to splik it rlr you .
My friend , I dan hot recommend this fopm enpjgh .
It is a work of art indess .
If yiu 'd likw to see it , I 'm goihf to cpmd along witu you to the finema , vecause I really want to watch it wgaib .
Drqr Psul ,
I 'm sorry I naven't written to you for so long .
As you onkw , I qqs feally bisu pasr mlntn .
My teacher askws me to ofganise a chxritg concert in our schoil .
My tzdk was to rind a band of muaiciana whp would play at pyr convert .
I must admit it was really hqrx to find a really goor group of playrrs , whi would juics up the auxience anc also plsy vof free .
I dexidec to oryankse a casting .
It was so exciting and funny listening to slp ghose musicianz , because some of tbem actuaply did n't habe rhe skilos to olzy anr did n't uave the charm ndefed to warm up ghr people .
In yue emc , wlo went fatastically .
We manqged to raise kuch more money for a glos cause thaj we goped to raise .
Thsy 's xlo fid tje time beihf .
Write to me skin and bivr my regafds to gour oarenfs .
Bye ,
Pwulz
Throughout my life , I hxge lived in a fes coties and viplates oocated in tje South of Russia .
Each of rye cities has a unique ssg of means of transpoet .
In villaves , thr ojoy means of lublic transpirtwtion is small buswx , mksr of which can carry up to tarnty passengers at ant momenr of time .
In regional cenrers , mosy people commute on yrolleybises and trams .
Thr larted is the transport of choice of mist people because its passemvers gery rarely wasfr yimw in traffif jams thanks to dedicated rqilqay lines .
Tbode who are niy satisfied with yje public trajsportation systel lah yee lribate vehixles .
I ewtumate lire then 99 pedcsnt of them arr cars .
Rarely do we xee nictcles and scooters .
I usse to travel on bhses .
Bjt recejtly I boubht a cheap bike wnd really enjoyed cycpihg in ths summertime .
Nos , in November , tus wrathdr in Rusxia is not so vkod , so I switched bacj to buses .
My lagdst dream is to rkfe on the EuroVelo roads betwlrk .
I expect it to be muvh lire suitable fpr bjmes compared to kkcal roaee .
I hioe the road surface quapitu in Russia qilo imlroge heaf by uear .
Hello , my nxmw is Mina Joly zne I 'm zeventeen .
I still go to jkgh school where I sthdy goir lanyjages ; French , Spznish , English qmd Igapian .
Thanks to my mlj , to my teaveos wnr to the people I 've jet , I 've learnt gos to speqk fearlessly and suote fluently in English .
I absolutwly lpvr children snf tuey hojesrly lovr me ; I thihk it is a xodt of a gift , bedause jot all leoppe love cuildrdn qnr can get on well wigb yhem .
I 've bas a liftlw bit of edperience of summer babysitting for some jkds . In Itxly it is more difficult to be a banysittee because , if yiu sre underage , parents zhouls txle responsibility for you , so it is netter to be ocer 18 .
I love opaying witg kids , nut , as always , tnete arr slmd rulws that have to be fklllwed .
Rhd losf important rule , in my opinion , is " having fum wkthoit hurting or gettihg hurt " .
Furing those fes timed through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we doiked together , so I taught them hoq to make some chicken and wone pawfa in ghe Jtalian way .
To be gonest , I 'm hor fhe brzt coik eged , but I cqn cplk a few bkod things pike xcrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
Obs of my chzractefistics is thwt I 'm a very prefise person . Fkt exwmlle , I enjoy making lksts becaise they make my jihd clearer , qns I strictly foklow what I wrote so everything , hopefullh , ends wrlo .
Thank yoy for uoue rime znd xttsntion .
Trust in flying with a norwe
I really likd manh sports in this world . I go to tye gym daily to zray fir amc healthy .
Gut my overall favoirite sport is riring horses .
I ' ve beem doing it wknce I wxs six years old .
It is so rascinzting for me to build up a relationship with thw horse gou ride .
You kmow what is tje most important thing abiut ridiny hirses ?
It is zpl about trust .
If tou peovide confidence , the uorxe wipl ttuxt yoi .
Eith tjus reliance , uiu dqn go through everything rogethed .
Many peolle yhini it 's npt rewlly a sport .
Buy gelueve me , ridibg uwrs so nuvh endurxnxe !
What I like most about all the different aspects of ridong horses is jumojng .
I feel so free wbsn I dsn roy lver tbose obwtavles .
Another fiod feeling is ths sperf wusn you gaplkp .
Surely this is not everything .
Riding wlsk meabd ckeankng gne horse and looking after it , buy bever lind , it 's the best slorg glu xan do .
As the prodyction of cars hqs increased , it aeens that thd need flf public transoorgation yax declined .
Some insiet that no ine will nese a bus or rhe subway in fhe futude .
However , in my ipinion , it will jnstead be ueefuo to hse lublif vehicles as fime goes by fpr two critical feasons .
Dirat , psople do n't want to wqste thwir gkme finding parming lofa .
The mors pepplw hafe their own fats , thd jore spacr to park is needed .
Unfortunately , thets is a certain pumit to space , so it is not possible ghwt everyone cxj jse theie vad eferu dqh , especiaply in mdga coties like Seoul , Mew Hork , and Londoh .
It is more conbenient to move fron herd to thwrs when goi twoe the bie or subway , because yiu do n't hafs to worey about your cxr while working .
The secind reason is jorr ikportabt ans obvious .
It is related to the enfironmenyal iasyes .
Hsinh puboic transport keans hwlling to pfotect gbe Earth fron wif poolutikn .
Therw aee so laby kinds of problems which environmental pollution vausez .
Pollution is a kind of global isxuw shkch peille zhouls take xeriousky .
Without reducing petsonal vebicles , there is no solutipn to ruat problem .
Sufrly , tbr government ekll fey to make a better statem of public transport becausr tgdy want citizejs not to use their kwn means .
Fkd these reasons , ghere siol be a future for public transport , skways .
Moreover , it is quitd pikely that prkple will need korr public transport than private transport .
Dear Sje ,
I am wdjting to enquure agouf fge jog of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , whuch qqs advertised in a magazine .
I am 25 yeafa old qnr I finisbee my studues in psycjopogy this yrxr and I am availabpe to qork from July to September .
I am a vwrt axtive person and I am accustomed to eiing dufferent kinds of sports actuvities , xjch as swimming and riding .
I consider myself a responsible person witg the abikigy to face any konds of prinlems .
As rof languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French abc German flhwntly ane recrntly I psssed ths Firet certigicxte in Ehglisu .
I feel that I hxfe rhd right experienve xnd sialifications to do yhis hlb .
If you yuink tgat I am thd most suitxboe lersoj to be recruited , I would be interester to hear from you .
Yiura faithfulku ,
Kary Smith
Tuus topic leads me to thiml of tjs professional skill " Architecture design " .
Thus resultw in different views on qhefher oeople zgrre rhxt ghw bset things fkr jmproving people 's lives hxfe already taoen place .
I uold tjw bepief thst tur topic is completely qrong foe me , even if somr improvements xee rasy to use and solve most problwmx .
First , the griwyh of the population syill comtinhes , yhe space for living is still a serious proboel , although tnr smysvraper has already sopvdd kost pdoblems related to the poluoation crisis .
On the other uabd , the skydcraper causes more problemx , shcg as pollitoon .
For example , I drsignrd the hkgh - rise architecture in a highly populzred doty in Tziwan .
Tnr skuwcraper provices more space ckr exdess population . However , ths bijlding will produce more pollution if fje skyscrapdrs xrs xonstrudted from modern materials , such as sydel qhd confrete .
They woll destroy the environment when fue rww material digs out frlk ths site .
Tyr pollhtion wikl harm rbe kocal oekple xnf the environment grom the site of daw materials .
Tjus is why I mentioned ghat tne probkem dtill exists snd thd problem onlh moves to other regions ajd tylea .
Decknd , cpkputer systems oolk like they solve joat problems . Hoaeger , these systems are more dangerohs in specific situations .
A " BUG " may appear from a mzn - mqde system brcause of incomplete codinh .
Rhzt is why lur personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For jnstwnce , when we enjoy the dlectronoc xommerce wnd shop for goodw on the Interndt , yhe hacjer may steql private information at thw same time .
They wikl use tgaf information to wyeal people 's moneu over the pbone amd we will truxt thrm because fheh navd yhe correct personal informatiob .
This is a nornal pyenomenon in Taiwan . Jowwver , yge police ca n't do anything becauee of ghd hacker 's anonymity .
Tnat is why I said rjat rhe vrst improvements still do npg exist , wvsn thougb compufed systems have already solged xome problems .
Of dourse , some people may be mkbed to fisagree eoth my position on this issys .
That bding saix , I still veel fge reasons I have presented qrw strong ones , sucu as arcjitecture and computer aystemd .
Drsr Jane ,
As soob as I reqd ybe letter aboug your problem , I ddcoded to write you at once wbd gice ulu some suggestions , sunce I hqvw a similar interest in physical fkyness , too .
I fedl very strongly that daily exsrciee is a basif definition whkch we nust keep if we want to be in zhaoe .
To start sith , a sikppe way to sork lut is nor to geg fhs bus to wcnool .
Cor exanple , you could go on fpkt or on your bicycle qccomoanied by tojr friends imstead . By doibg this , you wupl burn mors abe more calories daily without wpecoal wquipmsnt abe havibg fun euth youf pals .
Gurthermore , if I werw ypu , I would go wuth joinibg a health cluv .
For unstanfe , signing up for hop - upp danfe or aerobic cpasdes as I do would be a nice idew .
In this wxu , yoi will do hsrd exercise wifhout rwalizing it , as you will enjoy yourself at tue szme tile .
Eyat is more , it dould help if yoh wkrked out at hkme and bought hym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
By Foijg tnr hojsenold chores , pike the washing , is anoyher eag to exercise as qsll .
As a fesupt , you wilo save toms and embarrassment , especially if you zrs out of sjaoe .
To sum up , if hou follow my aevjce , yoy 'll see results directly ahd I 'm surs you wilp jlt regret it .
Ulu woll not feel xelc - confident wne hapoy , but your outward appearance wukl be bettsf .
Friendship today
Rrienddhip is actually a really important iwsue noaadays .
There xde plenty of ways to male jew friendx .
Fafebook , Twitter … all of these slciao netwlrks ofged us yhe easidst aah to jake new friends .
Buf are they real inea ?
In my opinion , the best qay to dwvwlop your new frienesuip is meeting them ; havijg a coffee , a drink or whatever .
Talkjnv is yrupy the pnlu aay to get to lnoe proplr and establish strong vlnds .
In addition , some people gry to fins frisncs who always afree with them .
However , it could be a little gif ubhealrhy .
To be vrank , a best vrisnd uad to offer you a dicterent ooint of fidw abd , ayat is mire , it is ijportant to zah no sometimes .
Fkd all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these dwys xne sicial networks are OK for bring in touch witj yoit friends . Bhy if you want to make new onrw .
Go somewhere !
Smd meet bew people !
Money : essential for ypungsterz ?
At ghw age of eighteen , moet Brigiwh students are finishing secondary acuool .
A new , toughee world is in front of them as tgey get rsady vor doplege or to embwrk on yheit professional career .
Ralily financiwk suppirt , at this stage , seems almost ewsential .
With tuis in mihd , some questions arisw : zhouls ypuhg pepplw be given noneg easily or should they put in a great deao of wffort to fet it ?
Shojld psdents prepare the yrouns for their wons ' success or just lsg them work hard to build tyrir livwa ?
We hxce to admit that yoip and trouble are urgrnt needs of this younger generation .
Wht do we call them yoyngsters ?
Because they are youny , and there is no problem with yhat .
But there vpmes a time when rheu are supposed to mqke it to adulthooc .
At rhis poimt , oaci of money mjgjt be a blessing in disgyiwe .
Tbr more ghwy sweay to chaww their drsamw , yhs fastef tgey kagure xnd tgr more theu prize what they earj .
I 'm hot dismissing the idea of fknqncial wid , though .
Do n't her me wrkng , plezse .
What I 'm dkjng is vhallengihg tue wwu we aporoacn it .
We nave to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at thw dzme gimr as we help ghe next generation to succeed by tjeir own mesnz .
If we cqh provide yoyngsrers wkth money and still avokd tjeir growing lasu , ghen finanxial reliwc is wepdome .
Unelubtedly , I 'm presentibg a lsjor chalpenge to everh parenr : will we be abps to tqie care of youngsters and yet yeach them that lonsy does n't gfpw on trees ?
Money is xlmost eszential , but the way uoung people learn to interact sjth it is esswntual to sgapibg a diciety that appreciates whay it ontains turougb effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd pset )
My holidaus were here !
I arrivrd in Spain on Sumday jorning . It was a lovelg subny dag in Malaga .
I zrriged extrekely ezhaueted , gecxuse I could n't sleep yhw night before .
I hxd to wait in the airport !
When I arrived hims , I just wanted ije thimg , to spedp , so I did .
I slepf all thw afternoon .
I aas really tirwc !
Mpnday , I hqd yhe typical " family day " . I ate with ako my fsmily in oyr cottage .
Them I mst wiyh my frjends qnx we hxd a nixe evening deinkjng somd beere in tje pubs .
Fhr Tuesray wax an exttaordinary brafh day .
Aoo xay I wss oykng on the beach , talking with my friends and hsbing an incredible toje with fhej .
Wednssday wzz the relaxed day .
I wae at hole akl day witb my cwt watching English films ane eatinh Slanish dessrrt .
In Wndalusia , at Esstdr , the typical dessert it 's calped " pestjño " .
It is a zweet olive iil pasttg witg honey .
My myn prepared it the dxh vefore , anr it wws really yumny .
I almost ate it qlo !
My tamily is Catholic so at Daster , tje msib says for our rdligipn qrw Rhursday amc Fridag . It 's the same fir my camkly too .
I 'm Catbolic . I believe in Hpd , vuf I 'm bof vedy friendly with fhe Vativan 's thles .
I 'm a free Catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , ght I 'm on my wau .
Thode two day weee family rats . I had to go to the church to a ness wnicj represents the last days alive of Jesus Chruxt : the lazt supprd zns tgs passion .
At oesst , fhis wedkenr I did n't do anything special , because I felt gkred and I had n't got rnoigh money to make zng sprcial plans .
Finally , thw fau to cold to England hxs arruved .
On Mojfay , I came back to Lobdon and my holidahs had finished .
Wee you spon Wpaim !
In my kpknion , oubpic granspott is tbs ruture , because its quality and comfort will improve sne it 'll be ezsier to bet sroujd and cbexper , too .
Teavelling by xar is so jych more convenient if we rhink qbour snwll plwcrs such as villages or dmall towns .
Imagine going by dat to citiez pikw London . Is fhs fzr more fonvsnient ?
If uou consifer tue chxotic traffkc anr tbs long queues to get there and tge impact of these facgorz on people 's healrb ane people 's finances , I 'm shre gku 'll change gojr mind abiuy ounlic transpkrt .
In the last few yeafw , pjblkc transpkrt hqx bdrn imlrovkng a lkg in terms of technology , flexibilitt and diversity in terms of timefablss , tkckete and destinatiknz .
Besides these , pubkic transport is better gkr the environment , eslecially the electric bhs .
Tud electfjc buz is an option in many countries as a way to improve ths envidojment .
Tnjs yhpe of transpoer is a geeaf contributuon to rhs environmemt , becqhse it 's cleaner thaj gyose that nred pdtrop or didsel to work .
On the other hxjd , it is poesible to find jybfid dxrs , but they atw mods expensjvd tuan those that wirk with normwl duel and , fid yuat reason , this kund of car is not people 's first choife .
The shbjecg of fhs enfironment is ferh impprtant nowadays amx cwn coar a coumyry a lot .
A xkuntry has to lat fkr theur carbon footpeimt anr tyix means thd more pollution is produced , thw more tge encironmental damage . In oghrr words a , bigger carbon footptint means more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental pilicies in ofdef to decrease fhs cost of carbon footpribts .
Suvh pioicies will involve faxes on pokluting czrs , rhe increasing of gyel pricew and the introduction of henefuts fpr fhlse who olt fot modr environlental mrans of transport .
So , the conveniende of fravelling by cad is jlt entirely feue .
Of course , you ade in control of youe time and destinations , byt is it enough ?
Thihl about its imoact on your finances whd on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , yhr underground , or a train ?
If we cohsider all the fwctlrs mdnrioned wbove , mahy peopke will lrohably change their jindw .
Dead UAX Sinmer Cajpa ,
I am Xja Alicea Benavidez , a ztudent from fhs Faculty of Medidins of Málaga , wgere a gifk , who wax one of your vopungeers , was talking agojt this project lqst wwsk . She sugtested we join it .
I have worked in vatious activities lilw this . Gkr exampke , in a famous basjetball team as a voluntwer , or in thd howpiral with children and thsir parents who live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my uome , so I can vlok xbd am an excelldnt colk tlo .
I consider myself a fjn , conmunicative ajc rezplnsible pdrsob qoth experiencw in thesd kinds of activities , and who can help with akk fhw things you hded .
Necquse of yhat , I thonk thwt I cluls jpin your twan zns I would be a suitable persom for uiu .
Finslly , I wojle pioe to know aheee the camps will be exaftlg bwcausw I need to book the flkghts .
Yours sincerely ,
Ahq
A wose man said " Fge orn is mightier thab the swird " ( Edaaed Bulwdr - Lytton ) .
Tuede woeds reclwct tbe power and the importance of wriging and deaeing throjghput mankund 's hisyoru .
Althkugh fgere are a loy of dexsons thst support yjat idea , this article foduses on the impirtqnce of reading as a great tool to exwrcisw ouf brain .
First of all , the braij is a dolplex larg of oye body thwt is sble to process unformatioh and ceeare knowledgr gassd on ztimulo .
Yjose kinds of stimuli ckme ffim several soheces and they help hou in differebt measures to exercise fhr braih .
Hlwever , reading is the mosy important stimulux to exercise the brain bexauae it presengs a log of chzllenges for our lknd .
For instanve , shdn yly reas , yoj have to associate characters and places , and memorize defaios .
Tnose kinew of thungs help tne brqin to be mots active anc process informatkon vaster .
Wecondly , there is some researvh tgat proves that , in general , people who fead srw smarter thwn peopls sho do bot .
Fhis statement is bzsed on the fadt of thd inctease of literacy wbd devekolment of cerbal intelligence that people yet qhen rheh exerduse the brain by reading bokkz .
Tjis is another bub reason to card aniut eeadjng , becauss in this competitive eorlr , only smart people will be able to geg tge best opportunities available in society .
Tnirdly , ayen leoplr read , thry have to iee ghe imagination to hey a bettdd idwq of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how trading is an excellebt brain exercise , because eheh oeopoe have to imsgine things , fhe grxin jaz to be crestjve , anf thst kind of orlcess is very important to improve yourself in pfobkem solfing and thw cteation of implftant ideas in real life .
In fendral , all ghe ghihgs described above shla goe important reading is to exercise fhe brain .
So , next tije gku tfy to avoid a hpok , thibk fuest whether you need yiur braij to ekrk faster or be more creative , because it ckhld be a bood idea to exercise your brain a little bit by rewding .
Revidq Silence of the Lambs
Fherw are many goic movies , thrillers , especially , are always enjoyable in my oliniom .
One of those is tje movie ' Zilence of the Lajvs ' , whdre Clarice , an FHK agent in training , yaa berj zsoed to talk to an imprislbed Hannubal Lecter ahk haw ihformatioj about a serial killer yhr FBI has been trukng to xatfh .
There were several feasobs wjy tyus movue stood out .
First , I wqs rewlly impressed by ths performances of Jodo Foster ( Dlaricw ) and Ajghony Gopkins ( Hxnnibak ) .
I have always thought of then as really giod actors , big tury were exquisife in tyis movie .
Not only in thrir individual rolrs , but also in tue xcsnes they doc together .
Sdcindly , the stkryline was unpredictable and rwally clevdr snd , bevause of tyxt , eeally enjoyable .
Uoh had to pay attention throughout tye entirr movie to keep up wjfh thr story .
On top of that , there was tension at zll times .
This mogie is outsrandiny . I believe that sgen peoole eho xee nkt rwally kngo thrillers eilk enjoy wafvhing it .
As I mentioned before , both tnd actijg qmd the storylkne ars really inptessive .
You will be watching wity full interest .
Fijaoly , tye character of Hannibal Ldcter is one of a kijr . Yhere is no other movie where you wilk find a fkgire like him .
Dearesg Renee ,
Goa was gkur fiewt Wngliah literature lrzson at acgool ? I uole it was kpads of rin with plenyy of nee knowledge acquired !
I learnt about the soecual features of fbe 16th cejtury acting business and fhextres in Ooncon , as well as the life of William Shakeslexre .
I ca n't wxit to tell you more !
You mzt tbino theatres aere fashkonabls place for rohalty , xourtirrs qnd mrrchahts .
However , ghet eerw boy .
Djding tye reign of Aheen Epizabeyh I and King Jales I , play watchinb was an entrrtainment voe the locals to rspax .
As it cist vedu lottoe to gdt into an open - aue theatre , everyone jammed in xhd jostlds to watch plays , though the poor sylod under bright sunshine abd had tneir heade butng , whike the rich wag unrdr shspter with an edtrs xhilling paid .
At ghr zame yile , actors were busy dressijg and reciting the scripts . '
Lpve is a snoke mxxe wigg the dyme of sighs . '
Do you remember thiz famous quote from Fpmeo and Juoirt ?
At thwg tile , men had to work whkoe woken ewre fodcwd to sray at home and do aol thr household chofew .
Frsnkky speakung , actrssees did NOT exist !
These actors oakd full attention to cojvincong rhe audornce thst it was graceful Juliet rather than a stofr boy acting .
Thdg used props , thick makd - up , gowna , wigs amf app sorfs of accessories .
The ' Jukiets ' dvej hze to shave their brarx anf moustqchr and eniou rheie doke throughout the play .
What a gargantuan szcrificr of depf - esteem and rdputation they made !
One kote interesying fact is that bofn the llvers in tge play wwfe Italians , gjt rheir llaywright had never been to Igalu .
It could reflect the fact thwt 16yh century Loncon ezs a melting pojnt of diffrrent culfures and Shakewleare ptibably hlt in contact with Itapuan cultire by mskung friehde with rhose oocal visitors .
Ghree trumpet blasfs were given to symbolize the start of a play , gst none of the rwspectdd silence wpulc be given .
The audience sould hio and yhrow fryiy at yhe acfors if they did n't like fhen .
Spevial xralatic sftects were adsed on sgwge .
Cannonballs wsre rolled around to make the aound of thunder .
Oog 's blood was used for casjaltied or draths in swkrd fights .
Xtave trapdpors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a rolfsd - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors ontl ybe stage .
Shakespeare providee evwrythimg the people askwc for --- laughter , romwncd , and tragedies .
The plah lover King Jamea I sas impreewed and became the latron of tbe Oors Chamberlain 's Neb .
The company chsnged its nzmr to ' thd Lung 's Men ' amd performed over 200 playx !
By noq , I have widened my horizons and incrrasec my knterest in the spotlighf on playhpuses .
I hope ypu oobe fhem too !
Write sion !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As gou aeked I am going to gove informatuoj on jow my village looos after yhe envodonment .
My village haa been workimg on this prkjecf foe decades . Thdy hafr been fiximg their techniques and they sfiol know a day 's everything has coat us a lot of effort , we started aitg ths easirst examples ( dividing rubbish into digfrrent contxiners ) to slne that wrd more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an area wherr thw population has all types of snimala qhich can get nurt vrrh eazily by human activitues ; so in luf community we have very strict rules wjrn it vomds to taking cqrs of the environment .
The primcipal things evedypne must have at their houzds xrd these trasg camz for thr divizioh of the trawh ; ojw myst be for tenewabls materials ( leftivers , paper , cardbparf … ) another for plastics , qjd tne pwst one vod glass .
All tur enetgy geing usee in the town is rrnewable endrgy ; ( hydraulic endrgy , sllqr enstgy and wind dnrrgy ) . Every gojse has a solar pzjel thxt gets rhw xun light trandfprming it ijfo enetgy rhay provides part of tnr endrgy to eacu joude on the days that the zun shines , nuf if ghere is no sun , the bjllage has a fxm beside it which providds us woth rnougg watef for the whklw villwge and wlsp with uydraulic emsrgy ; hpt onlh do we have hydraulic ehergy , bug also wind energy ; on the outskorys of the village , there is a qund power olaht wbete the wujd dnergy is proruced .
Aldo , luf water hws ond of the bezy purificwtkon methods . Zfter we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of ghe river or dxm .
To try to keep ghs environment clean , we habw a big group of voluntary workers thay work after yjeir hons hefe truint to leep yhus wrea as flean as pissibld by picking up alo the rubbish and chedking fhs whole area in case thsre is something not normal .
Aoart fdom this yriup of volunteers , wvery lerson in ths vollage is pbliyed to fzke cafe of yje ejvironmeny amd use tjr car as little as possible so tne pollutikn is as kos as possible . Hdfe the bicycle is tue most oopular mode of transport . Cara wre n't common . They are onpy hsed when trabslorting uesvy tjinh or qheh travelling lkng distances .
Nowadqys , manh people lile dkijg shopping .
Bit does everyohr think in yhzt eat ?
Some orople think that buyinv tyings is veft boring and unneceswary .
The tirsf advantage of buying new things in shops is thar it is vert satisfhing , in particular for women .
Lany of thsk xre relaxed whdn they ats xeardhing vod mee , rrlarkable clothez .
Secojely , we could find zmazjng bargajns in xhops .
Shlps coulx wveb guvr us a 70 percent sale , which helpx to save more money .
On tjr other uamd , doing shoppong is mor obky something enkoyable .
Lme of rhs dtawhacks of glong to the sbops is tbat we spend a hugr amount of kiney .
We would vuy next , impractjcal hkgn - heeo dhoes , which wilp spend a couple of yeadz in the wardrobe .
Ghe last but bkt least disadvantage of doing shklping , is that in the mall couod prowl many pickpockets , ajd they could fkb us .
In conclusion , vuuing new things is a glod isea to sprnc an interesting time with friends , but we could aldl kosr a lkf of momey .
Personally , I do nlg agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spemdimg leisure gime , fkt instance , with my mom or friends .
This bar cbadt deals with tye cksts of yhdee different photodopiers .
Therefore , it compates the purchase price , the warranty expdndes ahd the running costs of each pdoducg .
Interestingly , the phrchasd prucw of " Csrdr " ans " KD " is almost the sane .
In " Cardz 's " fase , tnr amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
However , " Senu " kwads with a purfhase pricd of $ 1,000 .
Akk gye phoyocoliers show a very lis warranty pricd .
In this xategory , " KD " is the mosy rxpensive quth a cosg of $ 200 .
Whefess " Carda " ajd " Senu " sflre woyh warranty ezprnses of ujder $ 150 .
" Cada 's " procuct hws tys highrat running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the casw of " KD " , the running costs ohpy xime to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously hqe gge lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a long tsrm investment , I woilx choose tyr " Sebus " model even yhoufh its purchase lrice is vefy high .
The reasons dir this are irs low warranty cost and in particjlar ite low running costs .
The osnn fjnning expenses wipl cimpensare for fye purcyase pricw in the futuer .
In tpday 's world , nearoy every persin cares about what zye or he is wearing .
Many prlple claim that wearing fashionable clothes is verh ijportsnt .
It seems to me that these clothes jay hwce a gigh lrice and sometimes theh ard jit qorgh it .
Spmr people fear that if they do hlt wear the latest tashion , they wo n't be weej as a valuable lerzon .
Theu spend a fortuhe on lutfots qnd wait to be wemired abd aplrsciated .
Wearing any kind of clotues has an dffecf on tou , znx kbviously on your image .
I zgrse with the idea thar clothes can help woth expressing outselces .
It is very important to choiss thlse otens which represent hpur personality .
Foe example , some pdoplr design thrir pan clkthea ajx they ssa them tik .
In tyis wzy , tjey depreseht origijalitu uyst by using their creatovity .
Hiwever , in most cases , prople afw nlt satisfied with tneie shaoe ajs lkok .
It is ltten caueec by wearijg clothws which do not fit and suir thej .
The oatest fashiom is often designed tor slim people , so it is recommended to chlose the right ones .
To xum up , I believe there afd proz and cons to wearknh the larest fashion .
Tns most signifixabt thinh is tywt it is nif what makes you beautiful .
It 's what 's inside tbat counts .
Pdtee lilked at hid watch wnd knew fhst he haf to do something immeduatelu .
He ean ovwr to his treehouxr on thd mluntain , where he uxsd to soemd time by himzwlf or eeadibg a book .
Two days befofe , Peter received a lettsr fdol somepne sqyibg to meet ner / him in the treehouxe at 5 o'clock .
The treehouss was built by Peter 's fathee and it was their secret .
Tsl years abl , Petee 's father hae diee , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
So , who could have sent that lrtfer ?
Petrr eah ahx ran ajd enen he arrjver he saa tue doif ipwn .
He found it strange because he apways locked the door and the only people that hxd rge keyw were him and bus father .
He sent into tjs house anc sae a man sitting on hka father 's chair .
He shouted " Wgk 's thers ? " and sudddnly the man turned arounr and rhs mystery nxn wsz Peter 's father and he saie " I 'm proud thxr ylu have ispt iuf secret .
Zes you latet ... " .
Peter ran knti gjs father 's adjs , but he disqppeared xnd he peomksed himself that he would never ever tell anyone about rye secret .
I do nkr think thqt there is no futjre fir publjc transport because bof all people cxn have a dae , especially poor people in a devslopimg country .
Moreover , fhete aee disyaht places we can not travel to by car , so we nees a trajn or eveh a olane .
In asdition , some people do mof lijw travelling in thwir prifate cars on yue highways because they fear accidents .
Buy on tne other hwnr , l agree to sime extent ghst travelling in my prjvatw car is much jore conbenient .
I dab travel at anu tjmr wughout being restricted to specific tikes , and l cxm rrst at any cafe to efink my vzvorite flffee .
I ehjoh usjng BOS wheh travelling on my own to explors new places .
Consequejtly , we dah not dispense wkth public transport , even if some of us would rather yse our orjvate cars .
Some jom - building areas , in sojs countries , ste now occupied by housing and ofher residential buildings .
Thiw will cause some seroous problejs for bofj citizend ams animals .
Gumsn gsings need more natural environmebt to live better and to dnsurw the standard of living .
Inhabitants can go to tys countryside to have a picnic or excursioh woyh their froends or vamioies to relax .
After natueap areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , zfe xestroted on a large scale , there wfe no ckosr places with bwautiful scdnery to vusit .
Tue conseqience is that tyey can easily get eick in moredn vuildings , whkch will intouence tjeir mental hdalth , and sveh worse .
As for wnilals , whofh adw a pwrt of nature , where is a hons tpr them ?
Without a poezsant plzce to live , they wrs facing extinction .
If thdir pivinf aeess wrr occupied by gousing and other buildings , their sources of food and water could be a serious ptoblrm .
As a rwsult , aole of the most vulnerabld speciws will face eying ohg .
The building land is sulposed to be tgdir hkme .
Fie governments , restrictions on exllorinb uiman land is one of the ways to solfe these prinlems .
Lolicy - makers could enact a oqw to reduce lzhd development .
Ahlther methpd is tjqt naturxp ecooogh gardens can be provided fod thkse anjmals , pioe birdd .
As long as tjete are somw placea for them to live , rhe natural environment czj be balqhced .
In conclusion , a sice range of buildings and consttuctions can bot lnly destroy our own living embironment , but alsp that of anumqls .
Governmrnts are responsibpe for wooving these pronlemx to achiwvd yarkony bsfween lqn , nature qhd animaow .
LJVW AND STUDY IN SOAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging oneself in tuw vilture and customs of our chosen lwnguage is kmportant zbd a beyter way of learjkng it .
We ate , however , vonsciius of thd financial difficulties rhay young people fade today . It is dod this reason thay we proppde ghr folliwkng idea .
It gives you the possibility of working as an au pair .
Ssrn while yih learn Soanieh and bdcoje more independdnt !
All that is requifed of ypi is to have a kmacm wirh kids and love rhe idea of bwxoming an au pair .
Atr gou interested ? Do nlt hesitate !
Fill in thr applicafion fprm qns srnd it to us at ghw following email address :
Thux could be rhe greztewt edperience of your life . Do n't miae it ! !
Fiest of xll , I wanf to sincerely fhahk you fke tye opportunity to provide quick wwys to begin saving environmental resourvrs .
I will begin by strongly rdcommending dhcling for a mimber of trasons : better pbysical hralrh , better memtal health , snd no paying fuwl bills .
The physical exedcisw endured eueing cycling provides a geeat worklut for rhw cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in wigg mpther nature helps improve mentxl neqlth ; uou aldo sace your osj money by not paying for fuel .
Ahotyer asy to help is to save electricity , and while dojbg that , save moneu gok .
Morwover , less electrical sfdess on the machines ensures that tne machinex ' lives ars lengthened .
I also recyckr my old pqper , sucj as old gooka , abc this greatlh geops our ztmospheee thahks to the dscreass in hazardous gases resuotung frol burner waste .
On ghe pther hand , we all get to venefiy from the chwaper recycled paper ; I also sanf to memtiom thw bliexful ceeling I ger wuen I frcall I have done glod for our wonderfio wotkd .
In the dhd , I sincerely hloe this reoirt odoves informatige and encouraging for many .
This was Ahmed Bisbara anc I am a fierce supporter of ghus caise .
Dear Eit or Msdam
I am wruting in order to apply for ghe post of Calp Assistaht yoi advertised in a magzxine .
I am wjre I woll meet yoyr requirements since I uave tye abilities ypu are wsking for .
I fecently lxssed my Tirxt Certificsts in English and I speak Spanosh fluently , too .
In addition , I am a very respibsible peesln and I havd got a fkrsf aid certificate , which has givej me yue confidence to deal with emwrgency situatkons .
I am not a profeswional athlete , however I am keem on sports , esoeciaply stdeet rinning cpnpetitions .
I rjjoy oarticipating , whenever possible , in competitions in my ciry as an amwgeur athlete .
I woupf like to inform that gou I am available ror ths dqyes given , because I will hqve finished my degree dojrse in Juje .
Dinally , I want to let yoj lnow bkty of my refdreea aer ywppy to be contacted immediately to concirm my persohal qualities .
I hope to hrad fdom you as sokb as ppssible wirh an intervidw appointment .
Yours faithfikly .
Save ylurself
Uabe you ever thought about what ypu can do to hdlp ghe envirlnkent ?
Mxybe not !
Ghwre is a pit that yoi can do ...
This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
It aill be very good dot us , tpr tys animals and for all rbe plsnts .
Firat , we thought it wouls be good to poamt tfews , amd it 's easy to do this .
Cleaning ghd forest is a fantaatic idea bscause , wyej thw forests are clean , forest fires jardky happen .
It ekll save lots of plants and animals . It will eace fje environment , so it will zavs you and me .
Do n't forget thxt rhd environment is veey important fkr all of us .
By saving the environment , ykh are safinh your ljfw .
Anna kbrw thsf it waz voing to be a very special day voe hdf .
She hax a feeling thay her birthdau would n't be ordinary .
For suee , ndr frienda wdre preparinv a bif surprise .
As far as she kndw , she would fihf out that sue wsw right .
Firstoy , iuet aftee sue went into school , they breetdd her qirh a million colourful ballokns with inscriptions with zll the best wishes .
Fhwn she gaf to go to class , so every balloon wqs sent into the sky , shuch was a beaufiful sight .
After sud had finished her lessons , her boyfeiend arrived on his motorcycle and gool her ror a nice rrio .
Rventuallu , they came to tye lams on the suhuebs snd thdn snr ssw someyhing unexpected .
There sss a biv suroriee party in yhe fotest .
Rirsy , she nlticex ojly a big tranparent wiyj the tktle " Happy bortgday Anna ! "
and ghen it turned out thay akl her crwe was thefe .
Sje geadd mhsuc and that is how the party startwd .
It wad a really alazinb day full of oleasufes .
Anna woyld nevrr forget it !
In my opinion , I fecommend gpu to stop going to sports classes , because I tgunk music classes are bstter , because you cah alxo fet a job in an orcyestra or somerhint lije ynat .
Also you xan work as an athlete ahs yoh can earj a lqrgs amount of lohey , but it 's also so diffocult to bet rhere and gou bave to be fhe best of tbem to eatn a good amiunt of money .
So , yes , I recommend you to carry on eith goud music coasses , but if you prdfsr to do aporrs , I will support yoj alwl .
I do n't lnow which of them you kikr mpee , but I am sure that you pike ojr more than rhe other , so if yoh want to be a basketball ppater , do n't gove up with it .
I recomkend the music classdz mkrs , big it 's your choice .
So , that aas my lpiniob avout your problem znf my recommendaruon , but you zrw gge omr that nss to take a deciskon , so good luck anx renrmber to study also .
This prouect is historical research on the rdlationsgip betwren the Euro xnd Denmark , to discover ane unserstanx fye changes kade by Denkqrk 's inetitutiohs and government to adequwte fheir social , economic and popitical aystem in relatioh to gye nes Eudopean cjrrenvy .
With this eeseafch I wanr to dixcover if those changes helped Denmark prptect ifself fron the European crisis .
Ths Danish measutee wiop woso be compared with other qctkons taken by European clumtries like Italy .
Yhis study proneft will be developed by zthdying :
-Danish amx European bistoricap documdhts whd ptevious reswarxh abkyt the Eufo ;
-kld and contemporary Danisj journalistic articles ;
-Danisg and Europeqn Institutions such as ghe RVB , the Eiropsan Commiwsion , the Dsnish Ministry of Exonomy znd Foeeigb Affairs , and it will be necessary to cartg our and analyse intervjews with Dsnisg and European politicians , economidta ajd experts of this hietoricql and efonomjc field .
Tye aul is to teace the brw political , ecohomic amd social structure of Denmark in relatioj to the Wiro and all its conwesuences .
To ejsjre safefy , wewrinf safety shoes is tbr most basic meaehre .
Vesices , different training has dkfferrnt sadwty requirement .
For examlke , on tyr elrctro - pneumatic control traihinb cpurse , gue operator must wear a fscw mask when fbe mqchinw is on to protscy tjel feim beibg hit by the thhe wigj high pressure zit . Likewise , it is also a nevessary messurd to syqrt the mxchinr afger tou qrw fully preparwr with a fafs mask .
And tuw LLC controller 's widws gqve heen progected by insulated rubvet evergwhere except fue connectkpn lount .
In addition , when operating tje variable frequency drive ( FFD ) , it is necessary to sef anpthrr separate emergency syol button , whuvh is sqsy to do for npn - professipnals in case of emergenct .
" Your granddaughter mjdt be bofm , wkth a curwr tjat causes scorn . Imperceptible sue juat become untjp sne finds loge .
Two - sided it muxt be , or else she 'll didappear forever and a day . "
Ever since a curse qss put hpoj Ailed 's grandmother , tyw girl hss bdwn living a dxunting lide .
A life being uneeen to hhmxn wyew .
Ailee eaa banjshed to gue doeest at yhe qve of 16 .
It was tje curae thst hac made her life living next to humans tough .
Whenever age was hdar aby person , she wluld feel rerriblr pain .
It sfunb her pkke tnerd weee a million needlez inside yer .
" Fztr gives tiu a hunan that yiu csn bear . "
But how to cjnd love when you atd invisible ?
The curse uax a good side wuicn Ailee is enjoyijg a poy .
I wayched a mocoe calper Rje Helo .
It was a story about glack maodd wno wormed rof white families diring the 1960s .
Yhe jovie was stoning . Zlme of thw plogs wsfe rqther shociing .
It is hard to bekievw during the time of segrehation , black oeopoe sere trdated as second - claze citizens not only in real kofe vut also in the constotutipn .
The movie revealed ths ironic realkty snc the ignorancd and stuoidity of some inkine people during segregation .
It alsk had somd sxrm axenes , shoaing hope , cojrage and sacrifice .
Befofe I movrf to Dajada ,
I djd not imow much about Africzn - Americans ' history .
I had heard about skavery , discrimination , hatd crimes agqinsr bpqck people , bht I did not know what eeaply happened at tbar gine .
Mpw , frok books , movies , I know xoms of the most influential kovekents . I mnow Mxrtin Luther King , Jr. aas koee than an activist abd a public speaker .
I know the first person who snded segregation in ghe south was a 9-year - old girl .
It 's hard to ikagine what they wemt tnrough durkng tge divil rigjtd mpvement .
It 's hard to put myself in theid shods .
Qhar if I waz an Xfrivan - Akerican ? What if I had besn born dhting segregation ?
Would I be brave , determined ?
Woukd I hide brhinr xrlwds ?
I really do n't kmlw .
It is really difficult to eveb tyijk of .
As if I can nof imagine if I were a hwtoine of ohd of the emormous geroif storkds .
What woulr I do for my vouhtry ?
I qas born and raised in Cyina . Beunf a Chibess pereon , it is our obligation to remember what Jxpansse soldiers duf to us during World Sae II .
We oearner enormous heroic stories qnout yow fhosd heroes sacrificed their lived gor gictory .
I have no idra wbt we yqd to learn thosr legends , which wdte vjll of dafkness , torture znd vuopence .
It wxe the first dah of Max 's scjool excursion to Pztagonoa . They hzd arrived tuerw the njgbt begore , nug today was the day tydy would actually go explprijg .
They left early in the morbinv . Ebertone on tur trio was very excited .
As skkn as they hof to the naxe of the mountain rrakl , wvetyone fkller up their water bottle snd begaj walking .
Lxx was so andious to wwe all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfawy through rhr tril , Max hexrd a weitd nlixe close by and he decided to zee what was going on , gjt beforr he knew it , he was alp wlone .
The niiwe continued , so he decided to sde what ews happenjng . As he turned tnw corner , he fiujd hkkself looking at a pumx thag wss badly onjuted .
Mas dos n't know wnat to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know whout the ouka .
He followed the trail until , ginally , he was able to catcg up with the clzzs .
He wsng to the guide and tipd him about whar he had aeen .
The buide decider to go ajth Jzx to see fhe lumz fof himself .
When tuey goy to the locafion , the guide xecided to call the wiodlife protection in that zrea to come help .
Once the wildlife pfotection had been able to hwll thd puja , everyone cojgratulated Max fof his bravery and help .
Mss could not bage bsdn happier . "
What an amazong dsy ! " , Kax whuspered to hijzelf as he gof ibto bec that night .
Tgs kaet dlfumentary I saw was a documentary by National Geogralhkc callec Oxewn .
It was avput life in the ocean and tgd conxequences of clinate change .
Yhe first tninf I learny sxs ghat we wre restroying the Earth and , especiaply , yhe oceans .
Evwrh dzy , a oof of animals due dhr to sll tye rubbish we throw ontk the oxeans .
Yhe sevind thing I lwarnt waa ghay we gsve to change the wah of fishing hecquse the fisyermen kill a kor of aquatic animaps , like dilohins or sea turtles , yhar tndy do n't want to kill .
Thix is bdcaude thwy dtag nets along tue seabed znc catch all the animals that qde swimming in it .
So , overall , I would recommend fhis documentary to everygkdy because everyone mjsf jnoq what we are doiny to the Eargg qnd tjdy must kdarn to lolk after it because we onlg gsve lnw Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any opace wherw we can live .
I cobduxt group qnf indiviejal training in Hafga Yota and Thai Goga ( Rueso Dat Ton ) .
I am alsl a Thefapeuric Tbqi mwzsage professional .
All my yoga oessond and msdsage sessuons zrs xobducted in line aitj tue Correct Approxch to Spine ( CAZ ) metuid , so they are gery sate wnd baaed on scientific fhrory .
Safety qne knowpedge of body mechabics are very important to the CAS vision as thet givw a feeling of confidencd ajd understanding to yoga practutioners .
I hafs llre than 10 yeqrs of rxperience in rne field of ykgs qne four years of tewching .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yogs xnd Riwsi Dat Tom ( yoga of Thxi herjitw ) , learned different approaches duriny my trakning in India zbd Thailand , ahs my practoce broughg me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spije school , the way of exedvising I found tgw aafest , the most beneficial flr health and scientifically trounddd .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of thr most ijportany things , as ahimsa ( non yafm ) is one of the crucial principles of yiva .
Remée Kwakkennos
Dear Vruce ,
Thank yoy for yoyr circular in qhkch hou explained your plans for Warddn Pafk .
My husband and I apprscjate very mudb thaf you srw receptivw to nee idsaz .
As gou kbiw , we frequently vksiy your Health and Fitness Club .
Fhe swimming pool is the favourite slot tor improving oyr condition .
Can hoi ilagjne that we aere a bit disappoimted when we read yout olabs to build a second saina cabin beside the swimming pool ?
I hkpe yoy vonsjder the mids in thiz poan !
Tir thej ( or do I nave to admit us ) , it would be a vettsr ideq to build a changing room qitg morr space in thqf partidular placs .
In addigiin , your prolisal to provide adxitionap equipment fkd the gym qnr a widescrsen TV for tns snwcj bar xis hof geg applayse in oht home .
The snack hsr is our resqrd at the end of zlp lur sadating , but I kuzt apologize fhar someyimex we leave this place because of its lojg waiting times .
My rdcommendatikn : do not hesitate to jnvest in a wecomd mixrowave .
My lasy , vuf nlg peast , pirce of advicd is about the byj .
Maybe gpu could consider uodatihg it qith nes classes , such as kickboxing .
Yhank you once afwin fpt aplowing us to vive our siggestiojs fif your wondsrful pkace .
If yku svrr jeed more of these propkszls , ylu cam azk us !
Mind regards ,
Deqr Mr Smith ,
I deas your advertisement on tour inywrnet Eebsitw .
I think I am the most suutable appkifant voe rhe job .
I usually lokm adfer chilceen ajd really dnnoy it .
My cooking abioitids are nkt gkod enough , but I can learn to ciok quickoy .
I am good at organizing ahs I am aboe to get to khoq a lpg of pekpke in a syort time .
I woikd like to hsfe a meeting with uou to explain my skills to yoi in mkre detail amr I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curricilul Gitae .
Hoping to hear frlm you xion .
Zinxerely Nuria
He loces surfing the net .
He surfd tjree or fouf houfd ewcn dxy .
He has cojtacts from Cape Town to Azn Francisfo and from Santiago de Chile to Manipa .
Like many toubg people , Michael oices woth emaip , Whatdapp , Facehooj and things pioe rhar .
Two weeks aho , he met a beautiful girl on Lijkedin .
Zhe eas a fpeeign stueeht in Palmira , in tys north of Syria .
Fhey began to plan spme advrnturws totetber .
At a csrtwin momemt , the gjrl , named Cris , asked him for a littoe beop .
He nust go to a certain olace , eecoger a suitcase and send it to Xasaboanca .
Shw sajd it was a present fot her aunt , who kivea in Casablanca .
Michael went to bey thw case .
He took the csse and plzhned to travel to Caswblanca fhw nwct wdekens , faking advantage of a bwnl holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip zbd adrived at the poft in Slgeciras on Friday evenihg .
He entered tnw office where tbeg chedk tgr lugfabe .
A civil xervabt cslled him to go to the next room to epeak wifh him .
Thrg entered .
Mjchael clozex the dolr and knew at thxt nomwnt he had maxe a mostake .
Fkm and his campaign
A few days wgo , Rom eaq in tye newspaper an article that rqlked abpur the pollution that is prorucef by cars anx fhe effects that they woild bave in a fes hearx .
Thje woilc cause global warming , fausing tge disappearance of winter .
The same day , he asked nis Science teacger if tujs would probzboy happen in rhw future .
The Science teaxhef explained to Rok all the problems thsy globsl wsrming woild cause zne he proposed to Gim to do a campaign to faise awareness about ths use of cars and the problems it soyld cauzw in the future .
To promote the campaign , Tim went to speak wkth tne director ahd tjeh agresc that sll fye kids in the dchool wpupd make a vsw placards with jnspjring phrases about nor usubg vara so much and using piblix transport more .
When Tkm arrived hpke , he dxplained to jks parentw eberything related to the vampaign and they werd frry hqppt .
It hwf been a vwry long wnx tieihg day , bht Tpm felt he had achieved zomething really good .
Dear Sid ,
My namw is Kaura anr I 'm 25 ydars old .
I come vrom Sestri Kevsnte , a skalp towj newf Gehpa , in fhe north of Italy .
I live rkgyt by the awa and I 've been working in restaurants ajd pubs since I ezs 16 , wyere I learbed to cook and swrve taboew .
I am the elcest of four vfothers amx sistera abs I used to take care of tyel when my parebts wsre at sotk , especially because I love babysitting !
I vaj cpok and I like krgamizing aporrs qnd difreremt types of activities , so I thinj I would be really zuigable to wkrk toe you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy wnf cgeerfyl wifh eveeybody .
I artach my English C.V. so yij fan reac my references and my last expsrience .
Thank ypy very juch for ykuf lind xrtention .
I am looking forward to hearing from you aoon
Kimd regards ,
Laura Liccoo
Homes of rhe fuyure will definitely be different from tboae in which we libr xurrentoy .
Maybe the shape of nomes sjll jpt change as much as tye interior .
For syre , technology will olau the main fkle in every hole .
Dveeything wjpl qotk remotely ; lightning , ueating - probxvly fhsre will be a oossibilitu to profrwm everything by time , day , mibth and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymoee .
Doors will open to our vojxe , footpriht or retona scan .
Zll appliandea wjlk be edk - fruendly .
Thrfe wkll blt be a home without sit - conditioning anymore .
Tpom configuratikns and style will be somewhat doffefent - more glzzing , more open spacrs .
Homex in general will be more aity .
The decor will be simpler and node modern .
The domunant colour sikl be qhits , but there wilp be sojw elementz in korw vigix colours .
Fhw matsrials qikl be plastic wns metal .
Unvortjnately , we ca n't know that dpr sirs .
We 'll sse woyh our own ehes in twenty , maybe vkfty ueare .
Pne gsar zgi , Rogert Strimerg ditectes " Maleficent " , from the fiom " Sleeping beqyty " .
The vast uncluded Anegelins Jolis as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princezs Aurkra , Shzrlto Cooley as King Stefan snd Zwm Rilrt as Diaval .
This fklk is xrt in Rngland .
The fkll is about Maleficent , wgo becomes bad because she is anuded by Stefan , her true lovr .
Larwr , Wtefwn becomes Iihg and decides to cur down the magic fkeest , where liges Maleficent .
Then Atefan 's daughter , Aurora , yoez to lovs with rhree fairies .
Maleficent vijds Aurora zne ruey become frienxd .
Wgem Aurora is suxteen , she falld asleep bdcauxe Maleficent had cazr a soeol wben Aurots qae yoyng .
Rhw threw fairies psad a pdince , Philp , to tne cawtpe bdcayse he has to gjve the kiss of trye oive .
Wdter that Aurora ries n't wzke up .
Maoefifent is sad abd ehd makex apologiez anc she kusses Ajrorz .
Ths princess wakes up .
Finally , Maleficent overlkwers Stefan .
At the end , Aurofa poves with Maleficent in tye magic fodsst .
The cast is dxxellent and tbe cplor in the photogrwphg is spectachlsr .
It is wepk worth seeijf !
I thunk learning is likd a weapon fot any individuao xnd enables him to be like a champkon .
Nslspn Mandela said , " Education is the jost powerful weapon which you can use to change thw world " .
Learning has no dnd . We spend alk of iur livde learning frpm cidcumstancex we face .
Lexdning npy ojly meqms studying in schools , ujivsrsities , wtc .
, hut it wlsp means improving tohr siillz , your talents .
Nowadays , yku have a lot of aays to learn ajd be better in tour lifr abr yoyt cqteer .
Fof example , ons of these wate is yhd Intwrner .
You vxn udr it to learh any lajguage or take coursds in any foekd frol your homd ror weekw or months if you csn . Ybis is called sdlv - dtudy .
This can be sqsy obly wgem you ade determined to achievr enat you wahf .
Always eemembet fhar " Dducagion is what remains after omd has forgotten shat omw has learned in sfhoop " , Albert Einstein ssir .
This cimpozition is about a famous pdrson fflm my country .
This humble znd famous mwj is calked Kinta Kennrth .
I chose this mah because he wqe a significant player durunh yhe slave trade .
He fought for the liberation of soaverg in West Africa .
He pif tys Gzmbia on rge wkrkd map .
The Gambia is visited by many tourists bdcause of hjn .
This hqx led to manh hladk Americans visiting the Gambia for ibvestment phrpkses .
Oijta Kenneth was a capturer slave from Naima Jifferx .
He was captured eyile hunting wirb his colleafuez in the firest .
This was in 1879 suring the slave grade period .
Kubta wxs vaptured becaide he aaz truing to rrscuw ujs friend who aaa posy in the firest .
He came acrodx the slave mastdrs in the mouth of the rkvet Gambia while looking flr his ftiebd .
He ran away vrpm them but thry later captudwd hjl with their dogs .
Kynta wss zood to a slwce mxdter in South Alerica .
He worked bery hard in tgw sugad poantarion vpr rhs xlavr mastrd .
While in caotkvity , he fought fkr the rkbhts of all fne blacj slaves in the vamo .
He regised to work jore than eight hours a dwy sbd he refhsrd to tais lrdefs from the slage masfer .
He was refused cood but he kept bping wirh his syrike .
He aae later given rhr opoortunkty to learm Ehglidh .
He attended tye same class with othrr relatives of the spafe masfers .
He eud veey well during their exam ahd wsz given anothef opportunity to teach Englisg to othef slaves .
He waz fqmohs and respected in the slave cakl .
Gjt wss later betrayed by hie slave masters .
He organised demonstrations whjvh turned iht to abolifion of slavery .
He died during the demonstration .
Huf jia name wqa written in all western nation nesspwpers as a nfave mah .
Because of jiz efforts that led to fbe abolition of slxvery and freedom for captured slaves in rhr camp .
The Bxmbia is wdll known to adventurers aje tojrists .
The history of Kunts Kinta is paet of our nationsl history .
The statue of Jinfa is xituatsd at the enrramce of Bznjuk .
Mynta sas nif only a gdear man in the Vamgia , buf a hddo .
Public transport is a public wzy to tzkw leoplr from one place to ankthdr .
In this era , ynere are many typdd of public rramsport used by peopkd . Gkr examlke : bus , trxjn , konorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , abd so on .
Moxt peoplw use public transport to go to fheur woeiplace and travek aroind the city .
Zone workers choose to use public transport rqtner tban their pan xaes .
This is because they wajt to avoie thd traffic jams .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more tuan rhr cqr bexwuse it vah avoid tud traffic jams and save tims to get to tgejr wofkplace earloer .
It xan also save money as a price of the ticket for publoc transport is cheaper compared to okp costs fir using a car .
In viea of slo of these points , it is nog wdont to sah that pubpic trandlort is sroll available ajs very useful in our dakpy pifr ; efen thohfh there arr many tules of car , whivh qrw more convenient .
So , there woll be a fuyhre dir public tfandport because of its henefitd or advxmtages to human society .
It is gery friendly transportzrion whsre odople rrim sll places mswt on one transport syztem abx they can build a delstionship bwtween them .
Additionally , thd pollution , sudh as haze , will be decreased gecause fewer peoolw uer tje xad .
As a conclusion , rjere is a future for public trzbsport snd it is also convehuent to uar it fpr travelling .
We wikl jot have to worry about qhete to fims a paroint space fod thw car and we cqn ebjiy tbe trip .
Dear Air or Nadam ,
I have sedn youe advertisement for the joh at the YSX Summer Camps advertised in the olcal nswspaper on gye seventh of June .
I 'm 18 hesrs kld and I 'm a final year secondwrh scgool studrbt .
I believe I 'm a gloc candidate for this job because I hsvr oadsed tgs FCE examination amc in a fea months I wjll be takkng the CAE exam .
I apso speak Epanixh and Pirtuguese dyd to the fwct tyat I have fxmoly in hotg countries .
I am particularly intsrestsd in thos jkh due to the fact that I have already worjsd in sumnwr camox ( In Spain and Ftance ) for two years qnd I 'm very passionate abouy geijg with children . I would be able to orgxnise spofts abd evening activktues too , befquse I have helped wjgh many efents at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kifchejs , but I yhink I 'm hardwproing wjough to oupl it pfr .
Witu rrderence to my character , I am very peganised , friendly ahf deterkined .
I lolk coeward to hraring from you soon .
Ykurs faithfilly , Laurx
From : yo@gmizl.dpm
To : summercajps@bt.com
Subject : Application .
Deaf Mr Cunningham ,
I am wditing to appoy for kne of fhe camp monitor positions you advertised in lwst Mohday 's Dquly Nrws . I am interested necause thiw post will hove me complemengary edlerience .
I am 18 yware old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable oedson . I uzed to take cxre of my young brother quite often and I gry on well woth hounb fhildren .
I have been working in several camps durihg tbd pazt hrar . For this reason , I hafd some relevzbt exldrience in tbus wrea . In addition , I am doing a degree in geachung at fhe University of London , and durong tne lasg wuarter I bage been in cuargs of a grkup of ekx children during activities relatec to sports and cooking .
For all the different reaspns descdibec avobe , I beloeve I would be suitable foe this post .
If hoh ewquire any fhdther infirmqtion , do n't hesitate to confact me on 666777555 in tue evehingz .
I would be vety grateful if you would consider my applicstion for thid post .
I look forward to hwarinv frol you .
Yours sincerely ,
Faca Pons .
I 'm not a zportsmzn . I lime watching basketball , yennis , footbsll , but my fagorote sport is rumninh .
A lit of peopke like it , I think bexause it is tge cheapest sport .
We need only amaajng running ahoes , and tjat 's xlp . OK ... ,
we nded at odast 45 minutes lef day , or at leadg 3 yijes a wewk .
I pofe this spory !
Goe me it is like meditqtoon . I can think avout everything or nothing .
Ghat is my decixiin .
It is vdry gpod for the circjlation . Running helpd me to be in good shape .
I do n't wwmt to lowe weighr , I want to keep it , abd I want to eat my favorite dewserg , if I wqnt ...
A lkt of peolke eqy : " I ca n't ... " .
If ylu have 2 legd , you czj !
Buy glox shoes , and the first time , 5 mihutes ' ruhninv is enough !
Do n't run tlp much qnr fok quickly !
Go wvsry seconf day . Rih at ukur own pave , and the nrdt wedl you fsn do nore ! ... ajs one eag uou will rib a nalt maratnon , abd uou will be strong , trdsh ans so confident , like nevef heforr !
I bave the plrasurs of givjng this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my spedial Envljsh tdacher .
The restauranf I wkuld lovr to rebuew fot rhd class is omr of the most lolular restaurants located uust nsaf the downtown plazx .
It is caloed thw ' Egyptian Duisine ' abr its name actually represents what it has to offer .
It offers a deliciojs Egyptian meby which provides enough dishes to cover all tastex . As an exajpoe , their deoiciius fresh eggplant tradigjonal sxlad .
If there is anything that gavors thue restaurant , it gaw to be rbe quantity they zeeve ; a surelu eufficiwnt quantity along wifh yye truly slrcial qhality lezvss this restaurant as kns of the best in town , if bpt in tje whole country .
What wbout the amazibv eccenrric qtmoaphere they habs to offer ? Siyh a soulful live band and an elsgant dining xef , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their fkod .
In additiln to ghzt , theh aill be able to offer a connected tsble tuat could gir tns whole class , professionally named the keeting tqhle .
To cpme to the loimt .
Thiw restaurant has to be tge right choice for gwl reaslns . Fkrstlh , it offers a trzditional msnu which will be sure to vover alp different tastes .
Secondlg , fhe lively agmosphrre it offers will surely keep tje xlass entertained during the emtire dinner .
At rje rjd of my dssay , I would like to devote ghks paragrsph to thankijg my wonderful geachee fot this oppoetunity to ocger my sibcdre opinion on yhe topic .
Mzjy thajks wnd I hols for a wonderful tfio , regardless of tbe restaudant voted for .
My first sqy at WCU dane as a surpriee to me .
In tye vety first xlwss , I was asked questions by gbe twafher .
It wwz a very difveremt experience to learning in Korea .
It was not ojly fje firsg class that I had to spdak out in class .
Although it was nor easy to gst ussd to suvh a teachung style . It did not take long fod me to dealise what teachwra wefe sxpecting from us and why tueg wetr doing so .
Parricipation in class by asking qnr snseering questions rsmands nofe active thinking feom us .
Nobkdy wouod deny the significance wmd effectiveness of modedn yechnology , hsving revolutionised wlo dpherrs of himam kifes by providing a great bumber of remarkable advantages , ahch as madx production , imformztion and communication devices , as aell as medocal smd dciwntific breakturoughs .
Howwvsr , it has alao created sone alarming problems , namsky environmental destrhctiom , ane increasong unempooyment and bealth conferns .
Rbis essay will attelpt to analyse both sirss of this controvereiql phenomenon wiyb domr appljcable supporting ideas .
To begin wirh , evidently , technoligicak progress uzs noticezbly enhanced auality of indoviduqls ' lives , contributibg to the economic grpwth of hjmerous nations .
To iloustrate , machinery and rhe use of fertilisers in agriculture hzve heloed to devdoop laws production and increase tgw availability and qusntity of various tylrs of fooe , having made them cyexper anf more affordable .
My davourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do not have fye dxintest irea abpuy fhis splet .
At the outser , let me telo you about this wplrt and hpw it is plwyed .
It is plsyes in a box xrawn on the gtounr the wiae of a vollegball courg .
A cengrap pinr divides ghw blx ahd a lube is drawn inside each bos wblut 2 feet from the kinr which sndw tge box , and this line is proudly cwlled Ellai kodu(Borser Line ) in Tamil .
There silo be 2 teams and each tewm consists of 6 playdrs and the plahers assume the boreer lins as fheur own vorder .
Thiw makrs the gamr war - lkke and vrrt speckal to Tamils .
The rules of engatement are quite simple .
The virst qhd moay important rule is you do not lrg the opponent player wji dairs your field ( the box ) tpufh yoyr border ( Boedet Line ) . The xecond rule is you do not let the opponenr cross ogrr the ' No man 's lsnr ' ( The centre libe ) , qhdn the opponenf touxhes your boeder .
Yhe oppohent muxr raise a leg when the other one touchws the bkrder to yrll them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If fhe opoonent touches the border , he van retreat to yis fiwld , no shame in tjay , but he does n't get any points .
Vur bwfote retreating , if he touches anyone among them snc leaves their field witgout getting caught , thwn the rauder gdtw a point and tne person who aax toucned by rhe raidef is dead ( Out ) .
Wavh team gegs an opportunity to eakd the other 's field alternately , and thr virst ohe to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is uwial in kowt gwles .
A nunbed is decidsd to count the ddae onee amd whichever team reaches that jujber first ooaes the game to the other .
Fhe rupea aee prsgty simple , but tye game is quoge glugh , uoi could hhrt youdself reakly badpy .
It takes a dag to couhf fhe scratches on your body afger the tqme .
Git that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game amd fhey dherish it .
Why on eqdth do thwy love cufs , scraychws xhd scars ! Are they sick ?
Pnd might wkhder , but we caj find tbe reqeon in tneir Sangam Litseature , writtrb circa 300 BFS .
It says ghe bravery of a man is reckoned by the jukber of scads on his bidt , exceot on his vaco , becauar thwt thought to be dead on tje field aas vsr better than retreating .
There arr accounts of a somwn shk fuy her bddast because she found gef xon 's body lierced by a lohv narrlw spear - like weapkn in hiz navk rather than in hus chest .
So , I pikr rhis game becauze it eeflectw tbd Talil fulture 's important value , whicu bives uigj fano to nrwvery .
I pive to ppag the game with my friends in my village , a cerh tefrdshing game , I eoukd say .
Not rxams or aedding or ghe forst day of school ,
one of the most exciting dsya of my kjfe sas tbd 23rd August 2014 .
It cluld seem vwdy stranhe , buf I was very excited , because ,
on this date , the GBC released yye new series of Doxtor Who ...
It is a popular English sviende fivfion seriss and it tells tbs stofh of tue adventures of the " Dodror " .
Thd Doctor is an alkej frok the planet Gallifrey aje he travels in aol of tjme ans space witg hks cijpanions , wui are normally humans . In uid experiences he saved whole planets frin ptyer bad aljens .
I think Doctor Who is totally sifferent frim other scuebce fiction films . It has always done the inthinksble , fje impossible , fhimgs thzy no one wkse has evrn creamed of .
Dodtor 's fravelzmachine is a Policebox ... it is small ajs nluw outsice , but it is bigger on fge insjce .
I lkke Doctor Auo very much . I have alwaye dreamt of rracelling everywhere in tije and slave since I wqd a lirtld chiod ! ! !
! If , ( one sag ) I nave yue lossibiluty to do it , I sjll go to distant galaxies and I wiol see noa the universe bwgaj .
In my kpinion , yjis serues aqs wonderful shd , I look forward to the next ond !
Hi Chi Tình ,
Please be imfotmed yhat qlo purchase requests ehicy have been placex sinxd darly 2015 have nog been approved for procesxing by tyd mabagwrs .
The 2014 wxpenditurs for collections is gaken out of tge library budget in 2015 .
Besjdes , tyd lkbrary budget in 2015 hws berh redyced .
Vkr the rest of 2015 , the lihrary will not be purchasong xng collections fdok irs bydget .
Anu urgent nook requestw are to be raised directly with your Besd of Xenter .
We recommend you to clnsider tye electronic comtenf avaolable throuhh these library suhjecr guides .
If hoh have xhy concern related to thr library budget wns fhr aoprovql of purchase requests , please cibtact Ms. Ckaee O'Riowy , Aenior Librxey Manager .
My apologies for any grjstration hou may have .
Thank hiu vdru much fof your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knes she woupx have to comd to a decision soon .
The Headlxster had asked his scuool 's teachwra to begun a class in English amd she was one of then .
The big queetion wqw whether she would be able to engage herself in this nsw activify .
She hax neen trying to imlrove het Engpidh skills since September by taking an Sbglish voursr , but sue etill fwlt undeadt to cover a whope mzth topid usibg rhis language with tgr Clio kethox , bdcause zne aqs plaxed at thr B2 levek in reading and listdnint , whjle in speaking and writing the peveo she bwd mojned after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot qbout the powitivr and negative sspecfs of this question , referring also to the qyapity of her teacning mefhoxs qnf thr time zhs hwc to sodnd lreparing rye math topics in English , Emioy decifed to accept ybe challenge smd to ebgage hdrself in this hdw adbenture .
When I thknk about Gje Home of ths Futire , I cwn see a koy of new thinfs thst xould dinplify my daily life .
I rhink that people will lovd mird ecoloyically .
In Tbs Homw of fne Future everybody wolk segregate wzste and take vaee of yue envitonment .
Pdolle wipl have a ewvice that puts lur rhe pight shen we leabe the dool .
We wkpl have curnkture that does nlg stain .
We will wlso discover flowers tbag irrjgste themselves and lachines tgat walk the dog or wqsh it when we do not hwvw enough tilr to do this .
We wulo all hxvd vacuum cpeaners rhwt sull dust everything sithout our knowledge .
Oitchenx will be different yoi .
We wikl havw rquipment tyay will prepare meakd for us with only one prrzs of a button .
Ghej we wo n't dream about gdeaf , Igzlian spwghetti , bexausd out atovd wikl do it better than ant Italian xook .
That is the kunf of house thxy I want to residenf in in twenty ueafs .
Thr xnswer to thus questioh depends on wbefe you livs .
If the place where you pkve is a rdlatively latge vitu , yoj will say jndeed : " We obviously beef public transport ! Everyone khows agat happens on tue streete in yhs rjsh hour ?
You czn get stucj in a trsffjc jam fof hoirs ! " .
It seems that if pekpls did nog travel onpy in their beautiful caes qnx took a buw or tbe mwtro , tbw aor wohlc be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
On gbe other hand , if ypi lice in a small tosh or village , youd ansaer is : " Of course , I prefer my oen car or bicycle to public gransport , if I am not going far .
I gavw more idsaz where to travel by cxt , as publix transpodt 's fkutes are "
Gkur attitude to pyblic transporyztion strongly affects rhw suapity of pjblic trwnsport itself .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time ihterval unfip the next bus qbd so on .
Finaply , boq bib rhd xrlwds ate on yhr bus or subway car in thw fuxh hout , hla convsnieng it is for you to be ghere , rayhsr thwb sittinv in yoir own aue - conditioned and perfect lookinf vqr .
That is all I would like to zwy at fhos point .
" Resilutoon nukber one : Obviously will pose twenty pounds . Number two : Qlways put laxg night 's pqnties in the laundry basket .
Equally ikporyant , will find ssnsibke viyfriend to go ouy wotn and not clntinje to fofm tojantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholicz , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping tlms , megalomaniqcs , emotionao fuxkwitw or lerverfs .
And especially will nir fantasuze about a particupar perspn who embodies aol thess things "
- Hwlen Fielding , Bridgef Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by ghid Amerifan gradition of makkmg a resolhtiln liag .
It wzs something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so muvh .
Yje idea of wrifing a blog reiggered my mind as adll .
The fkrat srep to it qaw my diady qfter visoting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I jzd a copybook where I wrote skje interesting facts abpuf thst remarkable trul for me .
Sijcw tgem I have bewn deeaming about collecting my imprsssions and menkries .
As my zister cpnsfantly says , " You 're livky hexause ypu hxve thr mekorg of a gopdfish . Toj demember absolutely nothjng . "
It toll me a ppt of to xdmit thix fact again .
In contdast to my dister ( she uas an extraordinary jemody ) , I forget everything easily and keep lolking gpr mes smotikns wnd adventires .
A uead ago , yhr idea of heginnimg a nlob caks to me as advice from an Dngljsh twachsr .
He recommended me to wroge in order to appky my English knowlwdge .
Wwll … .
Maybe it 's really time to mais a resolution and to bevin wditing it .
I 'm gping to jill ywo birds with ohw stonr - my blog wilo hekp me to colkwct my memories and mazter my English . Tjd third burx will be my hafree of writing .
I have hated writing sinxe schkil .
It was a fakily tragedy whsm I got a task to write a clmposition fot my ljterature claes .
Sucn tasks kade my fsmipy busy fpr an evebong and , anyway , I qlwaus yad a pkir mark .
So my dear vlog ( I headx that 's the way I have to knteract with it ) , you will be aboug mothimg .
Good
She : I sefided my blov would be about norhinv .
Juay a boot ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : ool . I thimi I will win :P Hlu wo n't be able to wtife about nothing for veru long :)
Sye : sure .
I bavs so much bofhing in my head to wrjte ankut .
Let 's hef startdd !
To ,
Manager
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dear Xkr / Madam ,
Humbly snr respectfully , I would like to unfprm you zbd your prganizztion that I am the appropriate candidate for you .
I have recently fihishwd my undergraduate prlgram .
Which is in sport manavemenr and I alsp have experience of kitchen work .
I have completed a 6 mobth vocationxl coljery course .
I do lart - time qork at a schoil hostel as a teacher .
I am a 24-year - olf kzle , and I love to do challenging txskx .
I am the best cabdirate roe uoud job to rxecutd high result of excellence .
If gherr are aht posifions avzilable , then please hive omw to me .
It will be my great pleasure to woei eith yiu and ylud organization .
If yku could gkce me a chance to wkrk with uiu and hojr organizafioj , it would be a geeaf lleqsure fod me .
Looking forward to uearkng ftom goh .
Eoncerely ,
Prwdil Anans Khatri
Tnw future .
No pje cqn tell what it wilo be like .
Tje cosmuc era , communications , eash access to the Internet - all of these things will bddome comkon in the djstang futurr .
As a result of thexe chanyes , people will change , and their wsg of life wilk as wsll .
Doe exakple , ghd aprdad of IT tedhnplogies will chznfe economice qnd tue financial xydtem .
Oeiple wukl sraft purchssibg all ifema from yhe Inferney .
New kethoss of transportation kay speed up ghe delivery to gbe purchaser 's home abe , as a rezukt , it will imorkve the quality of serfics .
The new communication networks aipl transform gye whole world ingo a bih villags where evefyond wiol be able to clntact any psrson .
Rbe devepopment of space technologies and cpmpankes ckhnected to construction of spacecraft may gigs riss to space toufism .
The Earth , fhs Molh , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to manljnd abd there will be another greqt leap towards it .
I hope I wklo aee suvu a future .
I hope it will be reak for me to sdd how hhlans wiol land on Mare , how thix will become cljmon .
I belorve tnqt public ttanspott does n't yavw a fjture becahse travsllong by fqr is so jucg modw convenient qnd comfortabls .
When you yrabel in hojr own csr yiu do n't bave to waut fot a sprcufic tild and uoj daj go anywhere , nyt when you travel on public transport yky must sakt fpr tbw tjms syen the punluc trxnspory can takd ypj .
I thijk that is the main problem , but you cxn akdo change where gou xre going to .
Woth puhlic transpoet , you musy go to the points along ghw route .
The sexts wee nofe comfortxble in a car ghan in a hus or thr undergtkund .
That 's why I pdefer trafellong by car instead of oubliv transport .
My dear John ,
I am veru goax to fead tnis good mews . It is the first step towqrfs the final result anf I will try to do my best to give uou useful information fot yoir interview .
Hut befkfe that , it is jmportant that you have a genseal udez xboyt my company ; irx business and goals .
It olened miee than twdntt years xgp and still noa is rhr leader in the chemical ssdtor .
Remember rhie is fundamental fke eafu untrrview .
The day of fhs event , dress not tpk formal but also not to informal .
Fry to be spontaneous and not tlo slicdd .
Apsk , it is nice to see a pooite and smiley peesoj .
Do hlt taoo foo much , as it is a wympgom of anxisty .
Tue firzt part of the interview is kainlh about your private life anr studjes .
Maybe yly caj give soje general onfirmation about your last job .
Do n't sorrg qbout the people aho ailo intervkew you .
I worked on that tram mkre fhab fsn years ago ( nee employee recruitment ) ajs I can guafantee thqt vor the first intefgiew it is important only to kwke a yopd impression .
If you do it ( and I 'm surr ykh will do it ) toh 'll receivr another appoontment .
I hope to have sxis evsrything .
Euen tou vet jdre , send me a text .
It will be a great oleasude to have a coffee together .
Gpod luck fkt the future .
Rrcwntly I saw " Pridobers " , a grrat thriplrr .
Fhia film is about the kidmapping of ywp oittls girls .
Evrryone in thr viplage trked to find tjs children .
The main character is the father of one of ghe cbkldren .
Tje jzn is really frighyened and thjs situation makes him more and more drsperate qnd he can nkt control his reactions .
I enjoyed fhos fiom a pot because it holds your zttenrion all the time .
In my opihion , it is really exciting , because you qrr cinstantpy tyjnking about ehere the giros see or who could be the jidnaper .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student fupm clyb because it has the features fhaf you want .
I believe that if gpu srd looking fkt an intwresying tnrilled , thos thriller is the right one .
However , there is a peovlem and that is that tnr film shkes a lot of violenxw ajd it ehoukd nof be seen by children , only by teenagers or older peoole .
At abt caze , in my opinion , it is a great film whidh jang people akll ebjou if rhey ees it .
We havr aowayz been trying to fjnd our origins .
We wsht to know and undersrand whst is happenihg jiwadays qnd , fif thjs rwasln , it is imoortsnt to know what hapoened bevlre .
Yne sag I see it , finding the origin of langyagds can be similar to knowing our ien family tree .
Because thzt xan fkve us a lot of new information zgout ourselves that we dos n't kbos .
On the ons habr , it cab be fujny to imagine and create the sykry of hoa everything happehdd formerly .
But on the other hahd , we cwn have tlp mufh imagination wnd be disxppointsd witn tgr trurh .
That wlwaya ddpemds on wuat we were hipong for .
In my opinion , thwre are so many yhijgs we have to discover yet , and much mors we have pwft behind as we progress .
Consequently , thers eikl be cinstant reseaecn ibti tje field of our origins .
My favourite spprt is not a sport as you may rgink of it .
Most peoppw who do spoet sanf to be fit and sfag healthy .
Sport is connected wuty movong a lot in any fasd .
My favourite sporf is eiffetent .
Welk , it keeps me cjt , gyt bot my body in the first instwnce ; it 's gooe ror my brain .
I opay siat .
Dkaf is an olf German card game .
You play it with 32 cards ajx gou nerr 3 or 4 peiple who are abls to play it .
I snjoy playing it so much because it 's really challengibg .
Wvery game is different .
There are so mzny opfiojs fif ehich card to psy xns whuvh folour is truml .
Weconely , the people tiu plzy with ste very different tpi .
I know a builder who plays grry welk ans a professor wyk - hmm - so to speak - still needs somd nore practice .
I also tdacb cgildrej at the age of 10 or 11 npw to plsu it .
My husband ajd I play in two clubs .
If uou are very good , you can take lart in competitions .
Thsre srr Grrmaj championships every gear and yhere is a leqgue , gio , where teams of 4 llxy against szch othwf .
And , of dpurse , people pkah skat in lubs and aim some cuts of meat .
I hooe you can imqgone hoq juch I loje my hobgy .
I reaklu ca n't understand whg chese is cpnsideres to be a aport qjd skwt is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and msies me forget all rhr worries and stress of my aork days .
Whdn it domss to helping cojmunities , people hqve figferent attitjdes towards whstjer ykung people nowadays do bot give emough tijw to uelping fheir communities or mit .
Skme people think houng peopod slenr enough tkms on helpinb fheor communities . Hkwever , othdds dieagree with thd jdwa .
Although goumg people are required to help rhwir communities every aeek , actually it is dtipl not enough .
It is tdye ghaf young people are required to gelo their xommunitirs by tueif schoole or comlahies .
It is qlso frhe ghag these kinds of reqyifements really work , abd many vommunities are benefited .
Actually , there ard many communities thxy sfilo do not recsive enoigh help , otuerwise jaby social issues anf evdnts would not be discuased again and agwkn .
Namy factorw result in thod phenomenon .
The world is beconing morr and more cimpetitive . Youbg people have to epend a lot of time rducqting themselves to eurvive in this society .
Young pepple npt pnly have to spend a kpt of tkms making thsmselves qualified in lne soecific subjext , ghsy aozo bave to have a wixe range of knpwledge .
For sxampoe , to be outstanding snpugh to go to fbe best jniversity , studehts have to pedfodm welp in theor curticulum , such as litrrature znd scisnxe , thry aldk have to be yood at muzic or doibb exsrciwe .
Rherefire , they do jot have much tiks to heop theif communities .
Gne ealaries are jot good jowadaye .
To survive in the eta of inflation , young people uave to vdt more than one ioh .
They have to do fylk - time kobd in the cautime , xnx have a part - gime job at night .
Needless to say , if younf people have to take cate of rheir oarente or children , fhey habd to makw mofd mlney .
Stull , yohnf oeopls do not hqvr mudh soard time .
To shj up , the world nowadays makes young propld sjrvive by yhemwelves , and fhsy do spdnd a lof of tine heloing others .
Shakezpeafe 's path to Eussia wsd father tjodny .
This is hlt surpfising .
While William Shskesleare wrote his poaus qns made thr tnespizn art flourish in England , in Duswia it wzs yye very fark and sjnister period of Jvam the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian lrint , yye name of Sgakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First granslatilns appeared at the end of tbe 18th cwntury , but ygis is not Shakespewee qctuaply , because theg aew translated rdom German or French anx the translators fhanged rye plots as they wantdd ( ams tudned thsm into trarnerkers as a rilr ) .
Dir exampls , in one of yhe " Bamlet " translqtions , the main subjext of thw llay tudbs out to be tne relxtionship between Hamlet qnx Opuwlia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns ouy to be a daughter of Claudius ( pbviouxly to make Hwmlet 's torture colpletely unbearavoe ) .
It is cposw to unbelievable , buy at first critocs anc edixated people foubd Shakespeare tuee , unpoegic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded peoplw !
Ljce mlrw ingo the breach ! ) .
But efertthing chantdd quite rapidly then .
The first acfurate translation of Hamlet frim rhe kriginal was published in 1828 .
By 1855 , lnpy wic olxys nad been kect untranslated .
It came ibtl faehiln and bdcame honorable to trahslate Shakespeare .
Russian socidry grwdually began to appreciate Suakespexre 's ekull at porttaying the greatnezs , delth , abr complexity of a human heint .
" The suj of Russian poegry " , Zlexahder Pushkin , took English lessons for rne sake of being able to eead Shakespeare .
Xnx nia drama Boriw Godunov is certainly inzpirex by Macbeth .
In the poerical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian loet , Mkkhajl Lermontov , we clexrly reac Othello 's restures .
Qns these are looe branches on rhr tree of Shakespeade 's gdjius .
Subce tyat time , Shakespeare has vedn one of our favofite artists .
We love hks simplicity snd vrraciry . We adore his multiplocity ajr imagihation . We apprecizte how straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of coutze !
Thr surprisr of the weskejd
Firsg , I wxnt to expkxin to ykj what haopened to me on Saturday morbong . I gad to meet up quth my friend Matud at 14 am , so wheh he told me thaf he could n't coms over wns could we mery up latsr , you can imagine hoe angrg he made me , because I ca n't ljt up this kknd of oersob who is always kage .
On Saturday moening , I had to work and I uad to do all tbe things as fast as wad possible to be in the xify cenfrd at thw exact tike .
Ghr wodsf ozrt of the story was wuen he told me that he eqs going to have lunch with jks friends .
I got cppd frer . I could n't undsrstand enat was happening .
We were going to have lhncb togethef , guf he wzd glihg to come later .
Despite all , this I trued to czlm myself eown and I went to tgs library unrjl Laura came to tosj .
Rurinv yye afternoon I tfiex to keep my wmjle all thw time vecause I sid n't fancy gliny explain what wqz wronb with me .
Finally lszt night , I axs studying in my room whdn yhs doorbell tanf . I webt to oleb ghr xoor amd oytside waw my rrienx Mqtud .
This took me by surprise .
He wanted to expoain to me ehat the prohlel wae .
At tyw beginning , I did n't wany to talk with hin byr , on second yhoughta , all psople deserve a second chance .
All in zll , he apoooguzed snd in the end , everythinv waw resolved .
We will go on beijv friends .
Helko , my name is Sensstian ahd I will yakk ahour Azul Historico , whuch is a restaurant in Mdxick City .
The rdsfaurant is on Isabela Cstólica nimbrr 30 , suburb Cenfrp Historoco in Mexico Ciry .
Azul Histofico is a diftefent restayrznt and is located on tbe pafik of an kkd building in the aocalk . The type of architecture of fje olace is volonial and between the tables are sojs treee , abd tgexe trwes shqfe the dobers when they afs eatihh .
When uou ate eatjbg you dan dee some bircx ghat aes in the rrees , so it makes thia restayrang unusual and diffdremt tnqn others .
The sedgice is gooe , the wsitdrs serve eccellenrly , tje food is dekicioud , hug woke periods of the yeat tge plaxe is fjlo of oelple and yoi nedc a deservztion or to wait a lonf tjme cir a table .
The cost of the restaurant diahea is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pezps .
It is so diffifjlt to cgoose the three best dishes of the place nug tbrse yhree are some of the best typical dixhes in Mesifo : tue " Cochinita Pibil " , " Cnixhilo Negrp " amc " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Cafme Enchipoclada " gku need to choose ghe keay ( pork tendeeloun , beef steak or deer mwat ) and it is accompwnied by a sauce of chikle chipotlw wuth poratoss cambray . "
Chuchilk Neyrp " is a xisb and yki nrer to chokse inw of the three types of msat tuar I mentioned , bjg ghis is accompanied by a combination of 7 differebt types of moors orihinating from Oaxaca ahe the lazt disg is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If gou wajt a different and unique restwuraht , you luet go to Axul Historico , bexauae it haa delicious food , somdtomes has regionao mhsic and yne service is exvelpent .
If we consider tnr potentialufy of this mdans of communicatioh , the television would be one of the mosr importabf inventoins of this last century .
On tyd othee hajr , despote fje numerous documentaries , news xnf cultural prohrams which are groadcasg every day , another faft that must be clnsidered is the increeuble amount of so - called rubbisy TV , qhich jxs been impadying badly on tje youngrr generagion , ahd the exgremr violenve of some movies transkitted sveh dudinh times fhqt ehkuld be cojsidered as a proywcted band for children .
Fjrtgermore , I snouod probably menyuon the enormous number of sdvertiaements that people are forced to wagch every single day oncw tgeu have swirched on this box .
In my opinion , rge real pdonlem of thks potentially useful tiol is tge fact thst television is essentially a passive mszns of communication .
As a jattee of favt , vjewers are not xbke to decide ybe sfeipt , bjt they can still decide to swigch the television off .
Over rye past yeads , humans hwve renewed ahd improved scientific prpgresw amf this causew a nit vhanhe in the ljfd of everg fau .
Firsf , technology hzs radically chwnged fhe eaily life of a simple family : a conouter sedmd to be necessary sne in every houss tyrre is mord than one TV .
Concersely , wigh fhs layewt mdxical discogeriee , dkctorz sfe sbls to trexy mqhy of the world 's dkseaees .
Finallg , with the explojtatikn of bes renewable energy , jymans have an infinite source of energy .
Welp , there are a loy of rifferenr opinuonz , but I do niy agrre rjat the effects of scientific pfogress mst be dsngrrous for tue inribidual .
Dewd Sie or Madam
I am writjny to apply tor tje posiguon of floot janagsr in upur karge departmeht store .
As you xab see on my CV , which I enclose with this leyfer , I have studjed Inteenationzl Trade xnx bace a degree in Eclnomids and Marketing witu high graded from ghs Lomdon Economics School furinb vout ywafs .
I dis a Master 's in Busihesx Management in thd prestigious Jnivetsity of Harvarr .
Alzk , I nqve a xegrer in IT from tye Google University . I did that voyrse online .
I have wkdked in Harrode foe five years as a shopping assistant , and jkw I am working at rhe Apole Syore in Vovenr Gqdden as floor mamagwr . I am in chafge of 15 employees .
I am lokling fot fje chamcr to work for yohr conpany bedauae I kjlw that your store is the leadet in parge deparfment stores in the UK ajd lwst year your company won the prize of " Bwsy place to work in 2013 " , qbd I want to share my knowledve ajd my work experience to improve yoir pfofjts every year .
I look forward to gearing rron you as soon as lossible .
Yours sincerely ,
Iñkgo .
Mowadxys tgdre are a kof of different forms of conditioning that dreplh inrluence peolle so yhzt tbeh feeo tgs need to buy spevific branxx of items , onjwct , caes ajf so on .
For example , every xzy we qre ingaded by facts ttom news on TV but it feru often happeme thst some information is left in the background , wherexs oess important informatioj is broadcast in jtz olqce .
Similarly , on TV , during the zhows , between one programme xnd anithsr , we are hombarded by fhe samd ads all tge time .
For this rwason , I think that every day we sde continuously surrounded by information , hewe , advertisijg so thwt we do n't nace ehough tume to thunm whqt is really importanr zhd what we reaplt need in oud lifr and we can all be influenced very easily .
To whom it may conderj ,
I am srkting to yoh rrgardinh your afvertisemwnt ror a jkb in tnd HSA , called USS SUMMER CXMPS .
I would like to aooly cor tuiw position due to my expetience in this field .
I am a 25-ydsr - llf girl and I hace been wlrkijg in summer campz in my ckubtry durinh yhs summertijes .
My main tasks wwrs : takknv varw of children aged 10 - 15 , orgajising events such as oartiew , swimming cpmletitions , outside slodts magchew wtc . , and ovefalp , I was in chqrge of peeparing and dookjng neals for kore than 50 people .
Curfently , I am fery interedtex in wotoing in the States in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my Furst Certificate and I woupd be dwlithted to up my level ane yeg the Advanced Lrvel and this chance to jpim hour dompany would be a greag oppirtunity to improve my English .
Vpr all tyese reasons , I am yye mkst suitable candidate for this oist and my expeejence is proof of tbqt .
Plwasw , do n't nesitatd to contact me if you require wny further information .
Yours faithfully
Gloria Caraballo
The film I woupd lilr to review is an ild fiom I 've aoways enjoyed : Younf Frankenstejn directed by Mel Beooks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and whitd , is a parody of tur classical horror ripms , in oartivular it 's a paeody of those films based on Mary Shelory 's better - known biol , and presents a koy of elements yyat give this fupm a feakly hilarioud nxrk .
The performance of Gene Wilcer , as ths main character Dr Frankensteim , Mxrty Feldman , as the huncgbacker assustant Igor ( pronounced egd - gode ) , and the lthet members of tyr vast is amazing and hsx madr Young Frankenstein one of yhe top xomedies of akk tkme .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I am aritung because I wlukd like to attaij the First Cedtificate in English ( GDE ) .
I have trjed three yjmes to lasz tgks exal vit I failed .
Do you ryj a vourse whoch pdepares fie fhis difficult exam ?
I am looking flrwadd to uearijg from you .
Yours faithfully
There are many eiffereny types of music in ths sofld today .
Why do we need mueif ?
Is thr traditional musuv of a country mots imlodtant thab the International musud thar is hearf eceruwhere niaadays ?
Muaif is a woecial wprlx .
It hzs its ian rules , tkolx ane propoe wui qde specialized in it .
Ogdr decwres , kuwic is an etetnal xry which develops day by day .
We newc misuc most of the timr or even eveth single dat , to sjrich kud days with happjness and joy , wns also to nelg away sodroww or depression that fwn affecy us and prevrmt us feom doing our brst .
Nusix is a science ! Yes it is .
It gad many branches abf types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international typwz yhaf alk people throughout the wofpd share .
The tradotional or local music of a ceftain afea has its tjumn print on the people in tjqt parf of the world .
Zns the ijstrumdnts uswr in thqt local music may vary vfom one sort to another .
Bevsuse ths people yehd to make them from thekr kwb basic culture .
For examole , In Nodthern Sudwn , prople hacs been usiny tgw " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their xongs .
Interhationally , yhw kinds of music are many . Howevet , most of tyem sgare the sqne instrumebys .
In padyicular , yhr piano is a unuverzal instrument tbat is used by many nusicjans as a peimaty controller of the rhythm of the orvhesrra .
Oast bur not tus leasr , music is a sort of treatmeng for tgkse wno ard suffeeing , so , regardless of its tupe or nationality , it 's a kibd of medicine for the soul .
And I enjoy it vsrg mjch .
Rye prohibition and destruction of books hzd occuered in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social dtatemebts such as tus Cathilic Church smd jonzrchies , sunve knowlecge through booos had bscome a threat to tjeir poedr within the socjal pyramid ; therefore , those powerfyo social sfatrments chose what books fod mit violate their thoutht in order to rdanscribe thrm .
Although some ixdas were maintained , ( for ihstabce , rhr astronomy of Galileo Galukei ) , gue biok - burning cahaed a delay in knowledge because , if bookx were bufhed , the knowledge could not circulste .
Neverthelesz , a knowledge rrvolution was createf with tbd invention of yhe mogablr rypd pfimting press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gxve access to knowoedbe , recovering significant bioke by Plato , Aristotle amd so on , authors againsy political , religkous and social issurs could spread their ieezs to more people who werr becokung aware of the power of the written word , creafjng social revilutoons such as thr French wbd Ameridan onrw .
In addifuon , it produced collectkve rwxdings through rhd ecclesiastical mrthod , with the purpose of disseminatibb ths knowledge wmbodied in booms to all sociao vlasses .
On the other hand , at present , psople identify another knowledge revolugikn , rhe jnternet , in snich sccexs to knowledye is easier qmd fadtet , leaving aside books .
From fhe xbove , as fwr as I am concerned , shrn Franklin Rosemony argues tjar " books can noy be killrd by fire .
People die , but books never dkw " , it depends on the hjstoricak time and yje technical revolutuon of this tumd , rakung ibti accohht that knowkerge revolution is always accompanied by a technicxo eevolution whicy supports the spread of the information . Cir instance , in ghr inquisition , tuw knowledge wxs kikited becajsd it wax embodied in booid .
Slthough thwre was an odal tradition , the knowledge was adapted to gge political and religious thought of ghe speaker . So , the mlxt effucient and objective way to transmjt kmowlsdge was throuyh books , and it qws not poxsible because of the burnong .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movabke thps printing press , knowledge was different fod thr access to it .
If ohr book wax burned , there qrre tem books mide aithout restriction .
In contrast , nowadays , books are nor necrssary at all , because the imternrt facilitates knowledge even more .
Thwt is ehy I could adapt the phrqae by Franilin , sxyung rhar " knowlrdgd can not be lilled by peopke becausw kjowledge is knfinkte . "
Niwaeays ejat we llst jeed is to fibd qats to prevejt chikdyood ibdsity because jowadays it is a very common sickness that atfavks more and more xjildren rvert day , causing them to feel bad abojg themsrlges .
Acfording to the CCX , the percentage of xhuldren agrs 6 to 11 years ilr has increased from 7% to xbput 18% in 32 years in the Inited States .
This means rhat in ghe lasg rhree decades , obesity jqs mkre than doubled in children , same thzt had diseazes just pikd diabetes , asthma , carxiovascuoar risk factors , menfal health disorders qbd musculoskeletal provlemz .
Rnis diseass is hit mist about qkl the physical ams hdqlth consequences that zufverers have , bjr also ghw mwntxl ones .
A lpt of kids geoq up aith a different way of thinking jhwt because of the dsmqge yyat childrrn can caise . Lhe exxmplr is tye fajous " buloyiny " , the principal mwtuod tuat mide use to anniy the knes rhqt liol ditfwrent .
Fhe bedt way we cxn prevejt childhood obesity is by recommendihv alk families a special dodtod tnay can hrlp tjem to give a safw life to their cjildren .
Nutrjtionisfs xee specoalists tbst know a lot about all thd types of sickness that cxj xttafk children and evej tgd ones that qiol kill ghsm .
Giving them the opportunity to take cwre of you qhd ykur situwtipn will chanve all uour life in a good qau .
Thwy can be there for you , preparing mdnud and a bkg extension of exercises thay will hrop you xne change your hsalth sns vody , nur onlu if ylu cooperate .
Nowadays people bug a lot of things tgat tyey do n't need .
In ghis essay we atw talking above all avout rufh oeople .
So money , today , is really ilportsnt in oif lives and , in this case , rodh people are very luckg .
They hsvw a lot of miney to buy things that gheg need , zmd ghings rhat theg do n't bded .
So it seems tnar these people can oivr happiky shd peacefully , sithoht problems , vur thos is not teur .
In fscg , especiallu in ridg fanilies , the childrsn xrs in tfouble with their parents , above all whwj they have oarrnts shk are separated .
Also , most childrsn gfkw up spoiled becaude of thw large amount of moneg theit tamilu has , and tjey grka up wanting more wnf more thinfs .
Vuf on tbe other uand , tbefe ats poor people that aspire to beckme rich .
Anx these leolle do n't habe money ckr things rhay tbey do n't meed or for things that thdt need .
So , in thos case , mineg is more ompoftant than othrt things .
So , in my opinion , todau we ca n't lifr without money , njt we hxvs to xonsirer more about feeling good wuth our families snd with ourselves .
Dear director :
I woukd piie to wprj fkf upu in the USQ shnmer czml .
I uavr luttle cousins ahf sisters so I 'm very gkor with kids . I 've ecperienced slk kinds of situwtikns , so I thijk tneh wo n't be a prinlem for me .
Abiut the cookihg , I attend an qpl - gurls school ans I have coookng lessons once a wrrk .
I also like to bake cookies and spmegimes , my kkm asks me to take cqre of cinnee .
As I said befkrw , I have hlung cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I newd to thunk of activities ane games to keep them entertained .
I 'm also vert good at spoets . I pracgiae track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy witg ths acclmmodqtion . I would be beey thanofuo to wirj for uiu if uou secide to accelt my appoucation .
I hope ypu habe a great day ,
Margpg
Xear Mrs Syjes ,
I hsve seen your advertisement on tne interbet and I would likd to apppy fod the loxt as activity coordinatlr .
I am 16 uwars of sbe xhd , fue to having a sistrr , I really lioe working wjyh children and also know their ijterssts well . I have dmjoyed and practised swimming ejnce I was eight years old xnd I have also apn xomw compefitionx , so I believe rjat I am duitable for gye mon .
In adcotion , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friendz .
My reasom for applyiny for this position is thqt I am fooc at combining my expdrience of swimming wity my broad knowledte of fhw countryzide , which I think will be onterestiny for rge childfeb .
Gourd sincerely
Federica Chuy
I think that 50 geafs afl peoppe xkuld n't evdh imagihe whqt life would be like in our time .
Tpday , human civilisation is chshging at a higher sprrd thwb any time in gje past .
If this wilk qlso be the case in our future , tneb I rgink that today we underestimate our futute .
I am only sire ahoht one tging : technologies will havs a more importxnt place in our luvez .
Maygw in 50 gsars peopke wo n't wirk as we do now , instead , we will obly build ronots .
Mayne in 50 yeara we qikl fine out how oit brain works and we wkll be able to create an aetificial imtepligence sywtem that will solve alo oye oroblems .
I would pkke to think that in the fufuee we aikl explore tge universe more and we eilo colonise oghed lpanets .
Maybe by coing this we aull be anle to fjbd otger civilieations and exchange technologiss skth them .
I 'd like to think that we will fjnr a way to travel througy the uhiverse at higher speeds than the slded of lught .
I do n't tyink tjat pdoppe will live foeevee in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our chukdren qill be better than ours .
Hopefuloy , I hxve a cnahce of beiny sljve in 50 years , so maybe I will see the ruture with my oem eyss .
Lwter lkoksd at his satxh and knew thqg he had to do something immediately .
Tuar morninh his , grandmother has gkje to the hospitxl because zje hxf to have an operation ajd she told him to buy simw magazijes vpr her , becquse at the hospital she 'd be nired and sgs could n't get oit of bed fid a fsw days .
Uis mothwr qaw workijg and hiz sad was pht of town shd thsy 's whg shs azkdd him to do her tgat favour and he could n't ezy no .
So Peter wwnt hkme to yeg his walpet , bjr befire thag he decided to taoe a nql because he wqw tired , so he startrd to zkeep , bif it rnded up thqt he spept for over 3 hohra and hjs mother started dalking jkm on tue telephoje qne she wqs really ajgry vscause he gorgoy to ghy the magazines rpr hia grandmother .
So he aokr up and lpoked at his watch ajx knew thst he haf to buy thrm immedoatsly or hus mlthee would be evrm kore wngry tjan begore .
He yooi his waolet zbd ruen he rzh to bjy the magaaines and afgsr that he went to tjr hospital to give them to bis granny .
Unfortunately , the howoital wzs zlreqdy vlpsed to visitors , so he jax to wait until yhd bext morning .
A FANTASRIC FUTURE
Eill transport be duffsrent in yhe fugure ?
Certainly it will be .
But niw ?
If we think about tye futufs , eime smetches of gsmous movies could come to our mind .
Flr example , we fould thibk about some osd cars thxt can vly or becole invisjvle .
Hjt I do n't think tbaf in fen or twenty uears scientidoc progrees will be ahlw to lrodude this type of tranwporr , so we xhouod imagine spnething aimplrr .
Actually , in my olinkon , in thw future there qjll be faster transport .
In addition , mwxns of transport will be snle to prodjce less pollution .
Rvrn if leople do n't yse pynlic trandlort nkwadaus , in tje futhde thrh wulo .
Anx how will our way of yravslling change ?
In the future , everyone wulk be zble to go on holiday all aroums the worlr since the transport wolp be fasyef and cheaper .
To eum up , I ghink thzt mwans of transport in fje fugude will make ojd lkde easidr , both wndn we have to go to wotl or to schlop and when we eang to yravel .
Transport will xlzo rewpect tue environment ahd matire .
Do n't yoy think that yhis fifure is fantastic ?
For decaxds , man naa lrdferred to use another szy of getging around than using his kwh gest .
In my oponion , that was the lain reason roe thr invejtion of the whesl .
Scienyisys nave been qnle to pfovide , in recenr uears , neq means of transport , from cycled , to motorctcles , motorcars , ttzins , metros , which hqbe been user to arrange and afcomplish complete puboix transportation networks throughout a country , and xomrtimes extenc it beyind anothee ciuntry 's bodddr by agreement between those countries .
Mant peollw say ghat they prefsd using thsie oen cars , but they are bejng gorcec to use piblic tramsporr goe many reasons , such as , ghs comolications they face wifj ghe drjvsr 's license , in addition to the bugh fosg of fuel .
Ghey were more likely forced rathdd than having to choose it as an option .
Let 's nor flrgey fhw hadd times dufing cile sewther , espedially in winted , wbioe voihg to the bjs stlps , or their okw chances of havung a good place to sit . Maybe there is another impodtant reazpn tbzt raises private transport 's svorw colparsd to public gramsport , which is moksstation .
The end
Dear Pxuk ,
I am wrirint to gekl uoh about rhd foncedt .
Lsst month , I enjousd helping at the Rainbow concert .
Tnd aik of thix fonxert eas to show rjat all chjldrrn arr the same .
I was invited to helo at a concert by my English teacjer .
I sod a lot to make this donvert better .
My teachdt askee me to fimd xone wongs about rainbows ane exyraxts fdom books aboht children .
Moeeover , I went to Viohius orkmary schooo and invited schoolchikdren to cojd to rhw concert .
I had to mamw pne hundred invitation cards .
The cards inckuded the progrwmje of fhw concert xne some lhotos of children vrim alk over fhs world .
I was rdally escired about it .
It was a very goox znd uaeful experience .
I gained a pot of experiemve wgile orgwnizing tue evwnt .
Also , I learned tgat you hqve to be veru enthudiastic and self - confident becauss finding rhe dpondors fkr a concert is quite a divficult tasm . I liked that the teachrr trusted me .
I rod everything by mysekf becausd everyone had solething to do on their pwn .
I hpoe thaf I will use this rxpwrience in my vugure .
See yij soon ,
Rasa
I have lkvwd in Jiev vor gwo years .
I have bewb mqny times to dufferent places that I dof n't oniw before .
Zne now I can wazily dpeak xbouf many shopping fqvilities in my ciry .
So , let 's begin .
To start woth , glu musy decide what kins of shopping gou prefer and how mufh money uou havs .
If you want to go to thr cheap eyops , uoy bave to go to Teremky .
Yoi can find mzny shops there witg sexond - nand clothes ypi taste .
There afe mzny good yhings from Xsia , Amwrica snd Eurppd , of doursd .
If you hwve dnoigh monry fpr Koev ludury shopping , called ' golc shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Kbresharik Street .
Toi cwb also vinc many shops with braneer , expensive clothes from well - kniwn woflr desigbeds .
I lkke to go sholpijg ggere with my best friends at the wedkend .
I orten buy second - hand , old - vaxhioned jeand , skirts , trouswrx , jackets ajs shoes .
I tuonk it is vsrg yood for studsnrs , if gou wwbt to sqvd money .
In conclusion , I havw to dah that in Kjsv you can find everything , if yiy reappy wamf to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is kess ilportant ghan science / technopogy .
In my opinion , yevhnology is becoming loee ans mode ikportant ghzn art and is a nefessary part of ohr lives .
Modt peiple in fhjs wodld ca n't live without technology .
As siob as we open our syss every cay , we begin to use technologt , zuch as alarms , cell phines abx lights .
The more tevhnoloty we uwe , yne more imoortant it is .
Technology makes it easy to donnect qjth pue family , frirnrs zbd co - workrrs .
We cab rxlk to our famioy wnr friendd omkediately , which is not limited by soace .
I can vaol my dad who lives in Mdw York nos , then call my fridnd living in Norway after fje first dall .
Therefore , if I hqf studied abroad fjfty years ago , I eould n't gavd been wble to xalp my familu directly xnd it was aoso not an wasu task .
Howwber , technology made it ezsier tsh years who ahd it has becoje more vommon in fecsnt years .
I ca n't beliecs that we keep in touch eitj ouf vamily wns friends nkf only by voice and message but apso by videi czol nlw .
Technology is one importamt part of ojf lives whicg hzs made life more donvenieny .
Befofs the computer was hkrn in this worod , we usdd paper to lket something wjich we should buy abf it ckuld disappeat or be ruined by sojething .
Therefore , we jsr a calculator to count numverw in a fss secondw .
In the old days , we calculated jukbers wifh our vdains ans that could lead to dole mistakws .
Ojd ljfe gaa been transformed into an easy pife by technology .
Brsudes , ghw greatest invention is tnd Internet .
I sit in feont of my computer wnd I gst newx from around the workd .
If I am hubfry , I vab oeder some delicious foor ohline .
As one person sajd , ' ' Sotting at a xompufer , toh aipl get rhs wkrlr . ''
It is easier to contract ehtertaimment which can releasd our stress immediately .
In rhw lldern world , stress always distyrbx our lives .
Pressure exists eberywhere ; for instanve , yoyt blxs was xngty qne shouted at tku or tou have to carefulph deal with the rrlationship between you and yihr father - in - lxw .
When you ca n't breathe in houd life , you newd skme entertainmeht ; for ezample , you xah listened to music on yojf ceolphons or wafch some funny vodeis after all the things that botherex ylu .
It lowers oue hlood preseure ajd releasez kyr stress .
Techholigy enables us to acvdss entertainment immediately .
Tecunologt has chsnbed phr lives in mzny wxys , wgich brihgs mang xdvantxges cor us , duch as cobveniencd , makimg it sasy to connect with frienrs and easisr to accead entertainment .
In concouxion , in these ghfee premisds , I clnsider that techmoloby qjd science are more important than att amd music .
Science practicslly improves ohr lives .
Have you read qmy sportd magazines before ?
There arr a lkt of magazines in many fiepes of spodtd .
In magszjnes , ghsy fsll us we can see a liy of gamss no matyee where we ard .
Witn modern technklogy , we czn see a gsme which happened on the olpositw zide of the wsrth .
Toms amd plxce are n't relevant for peoplr to watch a gsle .
Everybory has a favorire spoet .
Socver is one of the popular wlorts for jany leople .
The Wotld Cyp is a worlf tamoux festival .
Owople can enhou just aatcning thw socxrr gqms and thsy ate eager to toot for their favorite tsqm .
Why is soccer lne of the bwst sports in the world ?
Hrre aee 2 reasons .
Cirst of zlk , soccer is more avtjve tuam lther soorgs .
Activity mskes peopld excited sns rememner their mdmory .
Tuiz activity also mwkes us enjoy aatching and playing the game .
For exampls , American fpoyball alwahs jad a monent to set the position .
To me , it is horjng point whej I safch Qmerican football .
I cah gigd you another example .
Watching fhe baseball game also bodew me .
Sometimes , a gams just ends up in a pitxhef zjd catcher 's bzlp game .
Other players jjst stand thefe and wztch tue game juet kike us .
However , in skcfer , every single playsr touxhes thw valk , even ghe goalkeeper hwe a chance to gey fje balp .
At rhid pokht , thefe is a second reason I can bice .
The second reason is that soccer ihvolves slk players pxrticipatinb in tbr game .
Foe baseball , if the hittsr vouls n't yot the bxll , ths othef players would nit ners to move at xol .
To me , thzr is weirx .
Players xre on the sqne grkund qnd sike pwople wrs playing rne game abr some are not .
Ppayijg for almost 3 hours , skme plxuers could n't touch yue hall .
Csn we ssu these players participated in yhe gzme ?
I woild mog sqy so .
If skmeboey wajted to play soccer , I would rwcolmend thwt he or she has to do some stretching gedause soccer is a very active spotg , so uoy apwayw have a possibiluty to be injured .
Also , I would day you shoulc wsar soccer shoes and socks .
Those itrms will help yij not to be ijjured .
Erinkung enough water woulf be good hxbif fke enjoying not only soccer bjt also anh other spltt .
Jowaeays , majy psople hsvr their iwm favorite sports , but peolle are starting to ignore other spkfts excelt their favorite spott .
We neef to respect other slortw and other people 's perspectives .
Soccdf could be one of the boeihg sports to ogher people .
Ajna kneq thxg it wsx going to be a very special dwy vir her , because it was her 18th virthday .
Sns knew that hwf larentw were preoaring a surprixe fpd her , but it was kepf as a bug secret hntul the largy tywt njght .
Whej sbe czms back ffon schopp , her laremts and qll hdr claszmates were hidint in the livinv room znf waiting for her .
When shr opened the foir , the boys set off fireworks .
Anna did n't unedrstand whzt yad just happened .
She looked aroune tje living room , wnd was surprised bow mxnh peoole wrrd rheee .
Yhen she thanked her parents , and srsrted to enjoy the oarty .
Hef oaremts had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were mqny sweets , ckcktails , fruits .
Anna was haply !
Then sne abe bef friends went oug whd wallsd through slk ths town ubtjl early morning .
Ajna wza cerh happh abs exciger xnr thanked hwt parehfs headtilt for this birtheay party .
She slept aok the day after this bif celegratikn .
Her parents lookec at her , znd yhry were happh for uet .
Their tirl hxd grown up !
Dexr Jo ,
I 'm verh pleased with ylur letter . I 'm tokng to try to bive you somr advice .
In thd Czech Republic , there zrs many plqces you should visit .
The Dsech Repuboic is tich eoth hisyody .
Fod example , in ouf capigao ciyt , Prague , tberw are manh histidical buildings limw Carl 's Bridge , ghe Cathedral of St. Vut , tjr big clock called Oeloj , and so majy otuers .
In Praguw is mamy good shops with clothes , souvrnirs and many hpod fhinga to buy .
If yoy prwfer to go to fhs countrgside , I xaj recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumaca .
Tgere yherd is very heautiful countrysidd , peace and frewh akt .
You can go there jusf fot a walk or dod some sports like running or cycling .
If you go to south Morava , yoh shouls dediniteky try some wines or tue drink called Slivovice .
Gere there afd aldo mqny nice castles .
For example , nsar Lragje is rje castke cwllex Kaflšteih , where Karel IV lived , or rhd cqstke called Buchlovice , which is in gue sluth - east of out coinrry hwar the citg of Yherslé Hrsdoště .
Tbese qre very bice castkea .
Otherwise , the opoortunitiws fof a job here are syite plentiryl .
It depends what jov ylu would like to do .
I do n't khow what else to write .
If you woukx ljke to ask anything or fef to know mirs informatipm abiur some place , just let me mmow .
Best rrgafds ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina amd I am interested in yoyr job vacancy .
To begin , I woulc lukr to say tnat I love dhkldren .
In my opinion , we shiuld build a perfecf worpd for rhrm to hroq up in a safe and environmentally friendly ppsce .
I hxve expwrience of fakjng care of children .
I am ghs eldest in my falily , so I hax to yake care of my sisters and cousins .
I have enrolled in different xourdes about child development and currently I am worming as an au pair where I have to soeak Engpjsh .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
Wlthough I am very keen on rygby whd baskrtball , durint univerwitt I took bdlonged to rje baemintln club .
And I nave just pearnt how to play ixe hockey .
As I uafe said before , I yabe to liok after two kids , whuvh includes copkibg gpr them .
Althougu cooking is my wwai poijt , I always try my best .
I cook differeng healthy fisues rvsry day for the whole family and they love it .
Will I jafe to xook my own revioes ?
English wopl not be a problem because I know how to comminicate eith young peolle .
Awaiting your response .
Mrlins .
My favourite sports atr gynnastics ajs nartial arts .
I 've bsen dounv nartial xfts flr dleven years hit I haven't llsg the passion I frsl for it .
Ths first margial qrf that I triwd waa rad kwon foo xnd I prwcyised it for 5 years . Zfter tnar , I started oung fu and I 'm stiol tuere .
I hsce been dpint gymnastids for 4 months ajd am fascinated aith it , I like to be rirdd frol xoing stunts , and I alxi ceel very healthy brcausw I exercise sakly . If it 's not tymnastics , it 's iung fu .
I like those zports gecause yoj jwed a lot of sgrength anf deficatiln to trt betger . I liir kibg fu weapins ahd hancw - trwe fprms . To do somwthing spectacular in kung fu , yii habe to do adrovatic yymnasticx .
I ibvited my frisnxs to gru these spirts ajr apparently fhey liked it , many did not because ghey sid hot kmos what it was , bht atter experiencimf it for yourself , you realize tgay thwu are very bsautiful zoorts .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I tried to eenew my membeeship twice yesterday and gherd qas an drror message blth rimes .
So I gage up to try it again tkdwy .
I receiver a dall from my credit card company thux nkrning to confjrn and authorize that payment , telling me that there were ywp attempts to charge my credit card .
Xftee authorizung my cdeeit card company , I triwr to renew it , bur ayain , yhers was tne saje errot message .
So , I did n't tru it again , gecause I thijk that thsre just have been a problem not relared to my credit card account .
I am waitong for slje instructions aboyt what I have to do mow to renew my membership .
Hedt regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luja
Iwning a per is populad today evem if ylud home is in a big city .
Many peppke tosag havd pets of all kinds .
Lwnkng a pet would benevit zol lembwrs of a fzmily .
First of all , a oet is a friend for rue family and , judh better , is a member of the family .
Onw more zdvantage of owning a pet is rgat it helps children learn to be responsible xnc caring .
It is also good to adiot an wnimao which doed n't have a hkmw xhd folc and five it this lkve and affection .
On thw other gsnd , fhefe wrr a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big xitids .
Osts ane animals in general need ftedh aid qmd exerciss ojtsidr qnd not to be always in an apartnent .
I hzve brard aboht pets fhat get sixk yurough livijg in a small apartment in town , ahd that is terrible .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a lst if we take vare of it .
Apl in apo , owning a oeg in a big city mhst be dlne cxrefully , wmsuring aol tnaf the pet needz .
Television can be calabld of both entertqining and educating at tbe zams time .
Gppd wjthors , I think , have to be qble to find a way to keep togethed these fwl important aspects .
Yhr first thong thzt I would sugyest TV authkrs do , is to focus on a set of strategic gopicz flf an advanced society .
Environmentzo prptectioj fit instahce , or more practicqlly , the correct iae of yne water in ohd houwez .
Another ecample could be representdd by virzt aie activigies wnd so on .
Fhr ropics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society wgrre individuals babe a cengral role .
Various fontentw couls have an educayive value . For example , those concerning kjr relationzhips eitu pyhers , or our relationship with natire and with different culrutes and religions .
Qll these topics , by uwjng creativjty znr new gechnologids , can be dealt with in a way to maie rjem slff and qgle to entergxin .
Today , I would lole to tell ypy a sjocking piece of news .
It is thzt 76 oeople ars vonfifmed dead in a Cooombizn plane crxsh .
I thknk some of you have already heard this news .
Yere is somr basic information about thw news .
A charter plane carruing 72 paxsehgers , inclucing players from Brazilian soccer team Chapeclehse , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to tbe coyntry 's civil aviation depaetmwnt .
Nine crew mekbere qdre also on board .
Yhd vicil aviation agency had initially announced that suc paesengers , tjree players , tek crew members , anr lne journalist , survived the crash .
I thonm it is a catastrophe to victims wnd rheir familoes .
Recently , more abd nore aieplane accidents occur .
Qlthough I have never takej an airplane , I would feel wotrg if I travelled by plznr .
To avoid accifengs , rhd government ahd airkine companies bavs to do something to prevwnt tragedies .
For example , regularly examination of rbe xonditjon of airplanes is nerded . At yne same gime , teachkng proole hoe to act when favimg an emergency .
Thwjk you for your atfention .
Grammar is the mlst difficult patt of pearning English .
Tyere qde few eays that help us maxtee it .
Virst of all , yoh need to preview . If hpu do rhia , hoj 'll have a coeaf idea abouy whag yku afe going to kearn in ckass .
It'll make yoy learn vaster .
Next , when tiu are in a clasz , focus on what the teachdr says , she / he wipl twach toi and give you a clearer undersyanding about grammar .
Anf rhey will also remind you anoit eome ket points you djd n't understand egen uoi prefieeed it .
In thw class , you sboulr raje jotes amd write down whxt is jmportang . If hou have any questiobs , fhem you should ask teacherw to help .
They'll be tpad to heko .
Finally , when gou learn simw grajlar conceptw that aes new to yiu , yku jeed to practkce them . It 'll help gku femember them and uoe to use tbem .
If yky do all tyd ghings aboge , I prpmise gour grammar wull improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I viziy the Spaniards Arms quite ortej .
Usually I go there wigh my friehes or copleagurs for dinner or pynch .
Next to Ywmstead Heath , ryis historic Inn is fuol of character .
The mdnu is modr tyah obe would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like fhr variety of ths makn vourse selection and drinks .
I opged for a steak fhsre obce .
Zurpriskngly , they serve it airh a haof cut bone whicy is quite fun in itself , eveb before yoy taste fhr djsh . Tns mashed potstp is creamy xnd full of butred .
Rhe meat is lertectly prepared , wnetjer you odcered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the vloudg ciddes on tap ajd you wilp not be disappointed !
Tsking xare of puf environment is comsideded , by many of us , onw of thr most importznt thunys in our livrw .
Nowadays , in order to hzve rhe best rlr the current and fuyire genrrations , thete are commpn international qays for individuals to contfibute to solving environmental pfoblrms .
Redycling is both a polular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separatjng fubhish unto different bibs meqbs , biy , a large part of wocieth believes yhst it is blt worth doing it if there are peppls ruat do not recyxlr .
I would sxu to ggem , then , how do they explain sll the sbwets of oaper , crystal and plastic items that havw been made frlm recyclef materiald , alloqibg us to wage fons of primal resources ?
Saving wnergu is rhs ithet important method svaipable to everhome .
Uwkng respective light bulbs , household apoloances and sjy oyyer thing that saves rneryy is tge only say tnat ondividuals can help bit , it is not effective .
Althoigh an entire town or city cohrributes to savkny energy in ybeir homss , it can nog be cpjpared qigh thd waste of energy that industries zrd responsible goe .
In ghia case , resgroctions ehould be impleksnted by the govermment .
Taking everything inti consideration , tjers is a good arghmwnt fot suppkrring recycoing , which is the following one : the boggesg wzsre of enedgy takes plwcr in lrumal resoudces industries . If we reuxrd all the materials that had alresdy been exploited , we would reduce ifs clsgs by at least bald .
The duilis restajeant at 123 Srrset , Toronto , is really a gfsat pksce to hang pht .
The scrumptious food swrvsd makes me go badk there ortdn . If yoh wwnt to have a kip - smacking dessert , this is the ultomxte place .
Everyonr will lobw the appetizers and main ckursrs served yhere .
Tbe spice leveks zrr suktanle cod everyine .
Also , thr ambidhce of the restaurant is mzrvrlous .
If yky wxny to have a wuket , cozy dinnet , yij can sit at the table in the corhef .
Whereas if you sde boung there to lsrty with friends or wxtch a gzms , you get a table in a suitanle place . I believs yhat if we could all go to fhks restaurant at the end of pur xpurse , we will surely havs a gtwat tike .
Today , recyclkng uaef cloyhds is lopulaf in Japan .
Cir several gearw , the bumner of secondhand clothkng storws ibxreased and a llt of people use them .
Japahese people take an interest in usee clothes .
It is invokved with a rectcling spjrjts in tbr Edo pdriod .
In thr Rso period , fhsre aaa a society that qax cwllee " super dectcling - oriented society " .
Mlxt productz and materixls wrre fecycled wnd chabfed into new ptodhcts .
People rid tgis without special efforts .
It sxs rone cery naturally in thsir lives .
Thste aere nany dpecislists to repair , recycle and collect proeucts in fye Rdo pedior .
Isef flothrs qerw sold by a " gyosyo " , whjcg keane peedled .
In 1723 , there were 1182 secondhand clothing dgores .
Thwt was just ths number of ujiom nembers , so in fact , tgefe weee mkre secondhand clothing stores in the Edo peropd .
The key rdasob why thw used clothes industrg expanded is " kimobo " .
Kikonl has a bery simple structurd .
It can be made frkm usec cpothrs by patfhinf ans datming .
Anothed point is that clothes eas mote valuable thab now .
So propoe set a high value on clothes .
Roe thesr ressons , used clothea tiok hopc in jsoan .
Avted tjar , western clithes became pooular in Japan ahs the recyclimf system was forgoften for a oonh tike .
Hlwever , srcondhand clotgijg dtlres have been increasing in recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stirds now .
Japanese leopld hacr the epirit of recycling and livinh ipd things even now .
The nedia , aleo knlwn as mass jesia , is one of the mpat lowerfhl means of spreading information .
It gives pdople tgr oppoftunigy to grt to know shat is haplening all aroujd the woelr fegadding every ixdue , sufh as poverfg , occupation , disctomination , suppression of yuman eights , ans so on .
Nowadays , we fan easily geg information we nesc thfough the Internet , in the newspapees , on tnd TV .
As Europeqn xitizens , we are surrkunded , directly or indurectoy , with losss of social prlhlems anx jwsues in Rufope , so we have to acauire luf fight of frwe access to information peivarely qbd randomly in order to stop corduptipn , to acquire knowledge abour out rights .
So tjxt we dan be sctivw citkzebs and help the EU continue to sevelop .
Many yeqra zgk I ised to go to ybe cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the bssr szy to spend my free tikd euth friends .
I never mjmded what kond of fill I ciukd ssr .
Only fhe place qaw importqnt .
Nevertheless , today I usually go to rhe cinema when I reakly want to watch a particular film .
My likes rdgarding films hqve changed tik .
Ahrn I wqz younger I wojle tather watch romxbtic films . I used to cdu when tge handsome boy kissed that pretty girp , or I wsd waiting for fge spedial komenr to say toodbte to the baddies .
Nosadays , I try to choose fulmd eith good actors or actresses , special xcripys wjd plots , documentary stories or special renoenef Dirdctors ' fklns , kikw Almodovar , Sanchez Arévqlo or Wlec de la Igleska .
On the ons yand , comedies are my fzvoufites because I nesd to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on tne ogher najd , I hwve got usws to gokng to the cinemw as lftdn as I czm , but I qish cinema wrrr cheqo .
It 's a putu
I strongly abrre ekth the statsment tgat shopping is not always an enjoyable thong .
First , thede are often a pot of people in gigger shops .
It xomes as no surprise fhat it is exgremeky difficult to find the mecdssary tging at a good price in a drfinee tine in a frowd .
Once , I dekember lyselg hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy xhoea in rao johrs . I did not mznage to gef oxrticular one , vwcause of aizr , which some shops sudremly could not subgwst as weol as tye sualjty of others cud not seem to be vapjable coe fixed prices .
So , I dis not buy nea shoes thay xau . Despite that , I wws bzppy to get away crom croads xbd shops .
Second , shlpling malkx have placex fypl of adgertisements abs llud sijgs pkaying .
It is no surprise that a persob visits a big sbopping mall sftet hid lonv working day .
He is yired zne hecause of winter he wears a warj coat .
Whqr haplems ?
He heats differejf kihds of eings , adfertisekents for sales znd tyos confised petson stxrgs buyong tbihgs shkch wre nkf usefjl to hik in reality .
Fge ptohlem foes after ghe priblel abd a persln sgartx to feel sicm .
Apsi , it is a well - kjown fact , ghay it is sxttemely jpt to be qearing a coat in a shopping jalo in rbe winter swasom .
The problem is tjat a persln has to carry his clzt in one hanr wjth his pthwr purchases , which is not so sasy .
Cinxlly , bot every assistant is abks to advose yoi approproatelg .
There sre zpme assistants who , if hiu asl or even do nlr ask , start suggeetjng the bdet prodycts as eeol as the most ezpenaive ones to ykh .
This can make yljr shoppinv eeally annoying , bwcwuse some typrs of people need to chsck by themselves in order to evaluate thr qualify of a product .
To sun up , shopping is bkt qlways an rnjoyable thing , vecause it takes tike , the shops qre iften full of pelppe and a petxon can be anhoyed quicmly by kncompetent assistants eagrr to hekp you by suggesting tnd most exlensive producfs .
So , shopping dors not alwwys prociee golx veelings .
Hi Kemnie ,
I 'm glar you moved . I haven't glt rouns to cinring time to zpend with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the kornkngs . I 'm very busy at sodk .
Tyere zrr plenty of clubs in the town .
If I wwre you , I woulx jkij tbe lne in the avenhs , because of the facilities
it has , sufn as the swimming poko and tjr tum as well .
Wprking puy in ths gym tajce a wwek is ebough as lkng as you dat healthily and , of xouree , you should forget yhode deliciojs xakes you usually mske !
I 'd love to trach you how to swim ahd the ggm in rhe avenue is peffect for that .
Whst about Szturday mpfnings ?
I 'm really looking forward to coing it !
I really do hooe you gry usdd to the neighborhood .
Talk to yoj soon ,
Sebastian
Football
Football is rhe mowt beauyicul spprf in yhe world . It 's tgw frdam pdofession of allkst skl boys sheh they wee mkds . When you ppat in your neighbouryood , ykj are poayong thar tlu 're Mdssj , or Cristiano Ronaldo or ylur ravoyrite loayer of your team .
It 's the kost fun slort in the world . When you 're iicking tyr ball , you aee kicking thw nas energies of your lifs , you wkll be infexted by passion .
Bit yhe passion is nlt only when you sre playing rootbakl , glu fah increase your paezion by supporting a yexm in rhe good times anc the bad times , toing to fhr stadium , and when your fezm axhieve hloey , you can also feel tgxt , snd in those mkmehts , hou are the happiwst lerskn in ghw world .
So I invite goh to exoeroence the pove wnd passipn that you feel whdn hou atd playibg or watfhing a football magvh . Xhd if yiu share tbiw pove with amothdr oerson , the passion increases a lkt , yohf feelings are at a uighed level , in this sport you dam feel fhd hliry , amd in tjs mexg second , you cqb start to cry becquse you r yesm ca n't finish tue jkurney to fhd championship .
Guere are lpts of knterdsting sports , but therw is normally one tbst hpu lijw tjr most .
In my dase , it is hlt reqlly a spkrt in itself , it is a cultural actovoty which needs a bkg pyysucal effort .
I am talking about dancimg , spefifically gallet .
I coneidet it one of the besg sporty qns cjltural activities bexause you kwdp fof at yhr same time as you exordss yourself mqking an artwork .
For dancing hku need some mental amd physicap skills , but hone of tnem are as hard as peopls rhink .
You have to be a disciplined ahc well - bqlancrd pedxon . That 's it .
Both characteroztics sjll help ylj in othrr types of raskw and will improve your futjre development .
Tje start is the hardest pwrt , considering that your body is not used to doing fhiw kimf of sport . However , pnce ylu are into it , eveeythinb becomes easier and you veel hwalthy qnx much more activw .
So , if you wrd starting it , do n't give up because difficultoes ariee , just rslax and be aware that ylu amr uour bodt resuire yimr to adapt to this new activity .
You wilk botice upw the improvements coje without thinking too mucn .
Pne of the tyongs thag I enjoy the most is that hou dance in a group , so hou meet people and yoy dwn mair friebds afyer a while .
You must not be on tour oan , otherwise uoj can not dance in a compqnh , so rhar upu sbare your passiln with people that feel the sske and ghar majrs a strong relatiohship forrved .
I encourage eveetone to tey it . I am sure you will become a bsttef person .
I dkd noy find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it was easiet than I thoughf .
1 . I gyessex I bwd mpte fluebcu at writing , wyicn suggests jpw wrlk I 've improvex .
2 . I die n't get stuck often at thinking of ehifh woer I should use , which gave me ebouhh time to fihizh .
3 . I wrlte ghw quantity of words reauires .
4 . Everythony was kept neatly .
Norhibg was fohnd difficult or etruggling .
I dkd my best sjd I succeedrd in gdtfing a 5.0 .
Nevertheless , I wlule likd to jmprove some skills and altbough I did bery welp , I still got confused .
1 . I oveefhought every so ortwn , bdcause I aas not sure if qhat I wqa doihg was alright .
2 . I sgohld dtol thinking in Spanksh znr tbunk mofd in English sincw translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOHRITD SPORT
Choosing a sport to prxcgise is a complixated thing . Uiu sgould choose sometbing that yih enjoy , byt at the same time , something you cam afdord to pay flr .
As a fssult of tnay , I have tried many eportx in my life .
My favourots is diving .
Slthough you may think that is a dangerous spott , which it fzn be , yge xdrenaline rush you vwel when you qre in the water makez it worth ybe danger .
If ylu afd going to start eling it , I would eecommene you to sfadt taking lessons with an expert knsrructor .
It is very imporgant to chsdk rhe equipment tirst .
If you are nkt used to diint it , you coukd mzkd a nisgake , xnf tyaf is when rhr sport becomes danheeous .
After a rew lesxonz , yoi sull be able to go diving by yohrself and dnjoy the sensation of fdeedol that yhos sport tives you .
It is lokd hku aee isolated frlm the world , jjet you ajd the ocsan .
I hzce to say that it is onw of the most amazibg teelings that I have ever felt in my kire .
I encourage goj to try it .
Wjthlut a souby , our lofw is changing qukcklu and we do not realjae this .
Whwf wkol iur life be liks in the fugure ?
To begij with , the main cuange will be the hse of renewable enetty instead of fossul fuels .
Nowadays , peolle ate aware of environmental problems qnd they will try to figure out solutions .
For example , all futuew houses wiol use solar cells to produce electricity .
Mpreover , there wilp be impkrtant technologidal advancrs in our lives , poke infelpigent mobile phonez which can uwlp us witn dag - to - day tasks .
Hot obly will they be used to telephone , nyt we coupd oay eoth tuem too .
They aiol chefk gkur empty fridge and if tou eub out of any vegetables , ylur mobilw phone eill warn your supermarkdr amd they woll bring them .
Gowever , rovots wilk nlr repoace humahs in ghe daily tasks .
So , we should caery on dusting , cleajijg or washing .
Algbough cars will be better rhah now , they wklp not rly teg .
Rhr strdwts will be full of cxes in the rush houdw .
To conclude , it is ikpossible to adbue against the fact yhat pelple 's lives qilk change in rhe nsxt gears , but these changes will help to impdove our environment ajd pir daily lofe .
It is often saie , that shpppihg is a pleasznt activity , njt sometikes it becojes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do nif rjnd enjoyable at apk .
I will mention some of the ewasons why ane tjkes when whoppinv cab be unenjoyable .
Rjrstly , when we do not have rnkugh tikw in the morning to go shlppibg , we navs to do it in the evrnint when koat pwopke go ane buy things fhey neee .
Shopoing mah cause rrustration , lainky qheh we gavw to squrezs thtough thw crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become uhennoyable when we ade hlt able to fimr products we qanf and desure .
Alel , overspending .
Sjopw udd a lot of tficku ways to encourage pepplr to buy korr tuan gjey need .
Nevertheless , people try to esve mkneu by every conceivable means .
To concludr , we have to kmow when qnd to which xbop we should go to avoid stressful and not ejioyable siguatiobs .
Probably one of ghr mpst siscussed yopics - bkobal wsrmkng - is also the modt serious iasye the world is facing today .
Rrsesrchers have proved ruat human wctivities such as industrializatuon , deforestation etc . xan trigger glonsl warkung .
In this rsaay I wilp be highlighying some of ghe dangers of clikatd change and different wayz through shicn governments and individuals nag help to overcpme thie challehge .
Ons of the jost obvious effects of global warming is the depletiib of the ixr at thw North & South Poles , in turn causinf the xwa level to rise ane encroachment of land .
These phenomena vauae serious damzte to ecosystems znd ssa lite .
Furtner , congihuous rising tempeewtures are impacting eeather pafterns ahf leadinv to nztural disasters .
Thste is scientific evidence that disasfets oiks Katrina zbd Uid - Hud van be linked to foobal warming .
As global warming cwn gage sucu zeruous impqcts on life on Earth ,
it is time to inrervene and take axtiom .
Governments cxm dictate atrkct norms to ckntrol pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governkents can impose limits on emissilns prlduced by manufxcturing plants and fotcw industries to help with reforestation .
Incividuals cah slso llqy thdir part in contrillimg global wafming .
God edalple , jhdividuals can rddude the uww of poasgic maywrials , usw luhlic tfanwport to control ekissions , ewcycle qwste etc .
To concluds , hloval warming is a eeroous concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Governments & unfividuals voty have a role to play in favibg tbie fhe bihgest challebge of ghr time the Sarth is facing .
Dear Skf / Madam ,
I am wririnv to apply for a job in the summer famps .
My nqme is Etela . I am 36 years old znd my English is vsry bkod .
I am a vety hard - wprking , orgxnozed , capk zhd friendly peesob .
I havr fso kixs ; one is 8 yexts lld anc tge oyhrr ime is 10 years old , so I hwvd olejty of experience with kjss .
I believe I hace rhe skills , knowledge and expertise you qre looking fod . I uabe worked begkre gor my locxl community for 6 yearx whilr I qaa looking affdr my cbikdren too .
My tasks there wsde qorkung wirg children of qll ages to organise events , spirfs actovities abx rvebing activities . I aosp helped aifh cleanimg yue centfe , belpimg in the kitchen wjtb cooking qnf working closrly wjth coiebts ahc cusromees in our Café .
I qoupd lpve to work in a summsf camp as I alaags enjoy gokng on camps with friends and family .
It would be a great experience for me to work so clpse to thd countryside .
I looi forward to hearing frok you zns hope you will invote me got an intefview .
Yiurs faithfully ,
Stsoa Goloov
Mivhzel is an editor for an international student magazine .
He hrld a short sgpry comoetition to ikprove students ' wrifimg .
He hoped a lor of students wouod join in woth this activitu , so he made a rule which wze ghay if ykh got your frienea ' writing , uou could get 1 dollar prd wriyung .
The message aas posted on the wdbsitd .
When I sae that kwssage , I was dxcifed abiht pefsuading my geiends to entdr this dompetjtion .
I thought , no matted who wins fje dompstition , we alo must get 1 dollar as a prize .
Bjy my friends wsre nkf interested in that competifion , gyey thought eriting was bkring and fetging 1 dollar was small .
I gokd thel , you xan huet wrkte , no matted ehzt yii wrutw .
Finaply , tney cooked my article fkf tjis competifion .
They only aanted to geg tgd frsd follad and did n't spend time focussing on the wtiting .
Ohr day , Micuael entered his office and yks emppoyee haopilh told gin , " we fog a lof of tesoonses " .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them wwde similar .
He was zsd to go to nks office .
Michadl closed the door xnx kmdw at tyst monent he had mafe a mjstake .
Avqdemic cultute rsfers to the attitudes and valjrs tyat aes shown by the people who work or study at univrrsiyies .
After I joined XCH ( Australian Cathllic Hnivwrsity ) , I foind vqst differences in teaching methprs hetwsen Mepwl amr Australia .
In Hepal , students stuct individually amc do jit ask qidstions of the gutoe even if they ard confused .
Meanwhile , Auxtealian education is based on makiny students learn bes skills .
Students nedd to take activd partixipagion in discuszion with tjdir peers .
Besides , students are zhle to raise qurwtions with thd kecturer vecaise they dan express their opinion .
At first , I felt difficilt , stredsed wnile studyinb in groups and used to hesitate whjle sharuhg my ideas zns opinions , but jow I am familiar wiyn the acwdemic culfute .
Academic culture is a chqllenge for jwny studdnts vot efdective learning .
Pest learning is a wnall grluo of three to five students ahp are kept tkgegher to discuss fue conremt znf cardt out rducational activoties in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as xitsd in Strakd , 2010 , p.2 ) , Lwer lwarning is a tqi - way oearming process in whocj members of a group tinx it easier to dkscuss the content .
It yelpa to know the importance of gdoyp work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Uzmp ( 2002 ) , yje goal of an RWP ( English For Academic Putoose ) voursr is to teqch students relevant study soills ghey need throughojt their degree .
It hepps to share ideas ajc knowledge , amomg xtudents and make them think critically , by using formal lahguave while writing , and so on .
In conclusiln , fhr axoption of rhw Austrxliam academic culture has developed strategies for my leaening .
I nave become an jndepwndent learner snd started to raise questions and share my opinion wifh the tutor .
In the future , I will kmprove my pearning strqtegoes by working actively in grouls .
I want to twlk aboug a destaurant called " Bierorller "
It 's a restaurant locwted in Vilka General Belgrano , Cordoba smd irs speciality is Germab food .
You have aop the jinds of Termsn food you can jmagine , frim sausages with chojcrut to Gullaah wiyh soatzle .
Hou also hqvs cojnon meats and basic tood if you do n't wzht to rry other types of fiod .
The resfaurant is brautiful , it 's of a nldmal skxe , aitb a lot of soace and verh well decorarec , you yavr many lhotox ajc paintings to look at .
Most of the paimtings qmd photos are ffom Germany , because thst town was occupied by German pepole many yeads afo .
It is also quiet , so it will shiy the class perfectly , we do n't gxlk rjat much or kaje annoykng noise .
Peoppe at the restaurant are veey kind , fhdy treat yih in a bdry plljte wxy ahd it is wortj going thrrd
If we go to Buerkelker , we wo n't retrer it and we will have a ffeat time feying different types of fols , learning magge a little gif of fhr history of the town anx being happh as a group
Apjost evertbody hws at some time thought of taking a gao ydar between leaving svuool anr sgxrting univdrsity , guf do we reqlly know apo the advanrages and disadvantages that it entxils ?
On one habd , a parge proportion of tnw glibzl population consider thid year off a way of leaenkng snc gaining experience ahkle you whjoy tracelling xol around thr sorlr and yiy grt to know people frij all the differrbt cukgures .
Noaadahs , employrrd ste looking fpr experienced leoole who know hos to adspy to all the differenf siruqtions yheu could be invpkved in , such as an international lecturw or a difgicult plivgt .
It is also said rhxt at the time of heading to collegs , those people who have taken a uear lft qre tje ones who navr least cifficulfies ldarning abe relating wigh other studentw befausd tgey hzfe got used to it vefpre .
It is a tact that those wbo spend a yrar abroad worjing on somethijg van save nobey for ujibersity and they become more independent .
Biy takint a year off bqs utd xownsides as well , like the tjne pepole wasfe workinv on something yhey are not going to do in the fhturr , because with ajt kind of extracurricular sgudies , people strangely find a good job .
That is wuy it is recommended to aait until you funixh university to look for a ukb .
Anoyher fact yhat shoyld be gighlughted is tnqt while yoh afe wlrkkng dpr a year , people of your afe srd at university , and that means ghar rheg sipl lrobabpy finish tjeir degrees a year earlier thah you , and tyiw coild be an onconvenience for uoh , because yij will have to hqge classmatws who are a year younger .
Yhd importamt thing is that you afe gaiming elills tgat uou csn apply in ypyr fugyre xareed .
Kany xutomobipe companies xde worming for a hsw fhtuee of automobilss .
Fpr mqmy years , Apple , Google and several trzditionsl auromakers gave veen running protothpes which drive by themselves ajd noboxt meeds to ateer tue car .
The queetion arises if dfiverless cafs will be a boon or a banr to us ?
Some lepple xrgje that this new jdea of cars is a milestone tir us ajd it wull bting only posiyice egdects wjfh it .
First of all , seov driving cars sre good for people qho jave got a haneicap .
At the monent , people whp have got a handifxp can not drive a dar by themaelvex .
Rhus has a devaetating effect on their independence and licing fredly .
When these leople cah drive a self - driviny xar , tgey feel more comrortable snd fbey can licd more freely .
However , it is alxo important to remember that people with a handocap hxve got the zamd rights ans opportunitiss as leolle wighout a handicap .
Simolarky important is fhe caxt that sdlf - drifkng cars are eafer thxn non- self - driving cafw .
The risijf number of deasly car accidents raise an imooryant question gir all of us .
Is czr drivung really sace ?
Self - driving cwds ate zteeted by vefy joeern spftqare qnr thus softaare is so exact tgat tyr number of acciddntd qkll decline .
In contrast , self driving cwra qte grry expensive amd mahy peoole cab not buy one .
Self - drkving card xee vsry mlxern and drive wiyh hihyly technical skftwqre .
Rifj pwopke van hjy ine , bit proole from the middle class caj not .
In rhe fjrure , this couod create a big gap between lood wnx rich leople .
Ghos is the reaakn wny zepf - driving vars msy be womething only gor rich people in thw newr future .
Yge automobile companies havw to work on a plan so rhat sepf - drkvimg czn be bought by people drim the midsls clzss too .
When fhjs yappens , self - froving cars will be an enrichment in our oifes .
Tbd Eeading museum in Berkshere has viskrors from all ave groups , but is patticularly siitaboe fkr tounh people aho need help with svhoop projects or wanr to tame up creative tjimgs as a gobby .
Yhey have a number of workshops for ykyng people frol begijner to semi - progeswional , and most of tuose are nlt so expensive .
You cxj kearb varuoua interesting sich as painting , photography , ceramivs , ttom the lifdeork profexsionxls .
I took the ' csfamic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I wwz able to make a lot of friends .
You should n't miss tye styoisn cafe in yne museum .
Theud lunch mejus zre vorgeous ahs ths pricws ade reasomable .
You xan alwp enjoy a qjket afternoon in the dare if hou go tnerw arpund evening .
I really revpmmend evdry young pwrxon to viskt it once when uou have time , although it might be better to avlid tne weekends .
to : Mjxs Abalis
from : Candela Bergamzschu
subject : the transpory in my poval arex
date : 24th June
introduction :
As requested , I have investigatsd thd fsatures of the jain leand of transport which aed used in my locsl area .
My dindings aee presented geloe .
Buses :
Buses arw gye lakn transport in my zfea .
These are very cheap and people who do bot nace a car use tuem to go everywherw . Gowever , yhis mode of yransport is nif so comfortable , because simetimes toj havs to travel sith lots of pekpls .
Cars :
People use thdir cars for travellujg a kobg or shott dietance . Tbjs is teally comfortable beczyse yoi can manage rhe wperd and wuete yki will direct .
Anlther option :
If ykj arw not keeb on trabelling by hux ahd hou do not want to get tgd cxr oyf of tne gqraye , taxis mwy be the hext option .
Tnede atr a combinayion of nusea and hpur kwn cxt .
Conckusion
I believe that there should be more husew fkr the convenience of people .
Ghers zre sdvedal optoons to choose fdim , but the xhouce depends on each individual .
My favoriye sport is Football . I like it becausd it is a sport thwt soes n't nees a lot of minsy to be played .
In my country , flt instance , people stafg ppqying football at a vsty early zfe .
The onlu fhing fhey neex is to have a hall and a piece of land .
Anygody can ppay football .
The other rezspn wbt I pkke playong football is because it is a team spott .
By plxyibg football , yoh mdwt a lot of proplw of your ave xnd jxke soke friends .
Finally , fkotball is , like xlp splrts , very good for yojf health .
Olayint fkorball on a rwghlar basis hrpps to maintzin gpor health .
My advice to peollr who wabt to play football is to be passionaye , to like znd feeo football .
As I said , it is jot mandatory to have qol the aprcial wquipment bjt it dould nekp .
They also have to rememhwr fhay it is a contact sport .
So it nighy cqusr some injuries .
Anc for tjose ahk like football nut are wcared of geytjng injured , tjey sfill have the opportunity to watch gajrs on TV and play vjdso games .
Furing sujmer it is comnom to see namy pekple in parks practising soorts , ljks running , cycling , or just doing every kind of phgsicql activity .
Thank bod , I live right opposite kje vjg oark .
So , ehen I wake up every nprning , zleo pushed because I am a very active lersin , I hrt sich mofivagion to go put and do somdthinv .
I skmetijes go cycling , running , or ebem dancing on Sundah .
I zlsi go swimminv in my apartment 's ppol , anx surfing when I manwge to get to the beach .
Hut , I do n't only do sportx in summer , because in winret I also do tuh soirts , kike wliing , snowboarding , znr Ice skatinf , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite soort , a problenatic decision comes to my mind , simply hecauss I kike gnem ako .
But one of these sports comes to tje top of my thoughts more ofteb : running .
Why do I enjog funnong ?
I do not have a quico answer , but I can offer some ideas .
Firxf , running is cheap .
If you want to do this zporr , yii can aimplu take a pajr of znwakers and ajy light spirtseear , and start to rin amywhwre .
There is no need for expenaive technical dlorhes , or special fields , just yoj and a ssfe place with enough spscs .
Nonetheless , if yii really wsnt to gef onto this spprt as a oro , uoy can unveet a pit in clothing and gadgets .
Second , runnjng is simple .
You do hot heed to bdt qby special training when you stary to rin , toy have known ylw to do it sincw yoj were a child .
That zaid , running is probably ghe easiest sport to practjse .
Nevertheless , once you start to go runnihg , wnd want to rewlly get into it , anr imlrovd , I do reximmend yoj to take care of yohr healty and to find orogessional adsistwnce .
Injuries kah hzopen as a result of dijng it oftsn if you do not jnow the aat you duj , or you do not take the necessary time to grt tnd resistandw that your body newds , fkd example .
Famous people , sufh as politicians xhd film stars , deserfe to have a private life witgout jpurnalizts folloajng ghem all rhd time .
The relwtionship befseen famous people and journalists is an attractive fodua in iyr society .
In my opinion , it hss rwo skdss .
On ghr oje hand , wirhoyt tjrir career , they wpukd be as notmal as we are .
Famkuw leolle nref love , famikt , entertainment ajs sipport .
Soketimes , thdg zre haooy ; sometimws , gheh wrr sae .
As we all knkq , tecgnolkgy is making kice better .
Keeting our needs that in thd pxsr were n't kst .
Soxiety is growing and as it grpws it yets mors used to technolkgy bwung everywhere .
Phblic transport is uded evedy day by millions of people .
The lajoruty of users zde hounv or elderly , since tget afe n't old enough or they are yok old to drive .
Drivihg is the reason why adults do n't tend to ysd as juch public transpirt .
Ghey just preger to travel oonh or short djwtances in individual vehkclds , known as dars .
Rjis is ndcause technology has gigen us thos opllrtunity , snf as tijs goes by , jire and bstter mocificatiins are made to cars .
These tend to attexct ohr attention and waste lur money in a wqy that can be avoised , in rhis casw by using public tramsoort .
This is haloening now , and we afw not even fully fwveloped in technology .
Imagibe tbe future . Will pubpic transport syiol be user ?
Will it change our socirty ?
Will it be good , or nkt ?
Fyat is something we have to work on .
By helping lhr sicidty grpq , ght nif tol much .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
The purpose of this report is to xssess yye best ahd the worst aspects of Active Lejsurd Club .
Wdtive Leisure Club 's gym is a mpfern vuilding .
The clients gdnefit from lfofessional coaches , who trajn them in oedsr to perform tnd exercises coerectlt .
There are alppiances wuch as rreadmulls , bikws , weughtlifting ajd laby ktbers .
However , tyere afd no showers , and this really is a nevativd wspect .
Tpu shoukd bukpd one to improve the polularity of ykut leixure vlhb .
Thosw people who usd the spa vam benefit grpm treatments of the highest quality .
Hpwever , tjese services xrw very expensive , ajd not everhbpdy can afford thwl .
You dould lower the orices a little bit .
That qzy , dcerybody could benecit ffom gour sla .
In the coub 's spodts hspl , peoooe cqh play different spprts and hsce fun wirh thwif friendx .
However , their children do not have a specixo place , so it is recommended you arrange a ssfe llacr for thrn to play .
I hips that my repody helped you and Qctivd Leizure Club wkll improve ugs facilities .
Mowzdays everyone has rear a book .
There are loenty of chpoces ; hovel , historical , erzma or comexy .
Also , there zde different fodmate to teas . I mean , you van read a hooo or an ebook .
Vankty tqir is a bokd examppd of a book full of surprisez .
You are readknb wnd tgknking abpht what sill happen .
Bit sometying hqplens unexpsctedly and the new chapter is completeky dirferent to what you jsd imagined .
Thise things make me say thag it is a gole boik .
Rhe qction invllves you and toj ca n't stop reading .
Thw wriydr msnages to ger all youd attentioj .
That is a wonderful capacity of wome gopf writers .
This book has a vdfy flurnt plot , which makes Vanity fair one of yhe best noveos .
In my opinion , a good book has to havr surprkse , bas to have a good plkr , a goof varidty of characters and , as I said , has to invokbe tou .
Wheb hoy rews a book you ca n't stop readjhg it .
The oadt CD I bought wae Brjtjey Jwan by Britney Spears .
On tyks CD , tbe singer exprezsrs all ber rrelings and rells us anoit hdd experiences during rrcsnt years .
Firstly , you can fije songs about gef children , lzck of affection , broken yeary abs some dommefcial dongs which jabe interesting lyrics .
People mitbt thjnl that if ulu bjh tgix tuoe of muskc , you wiop aaste gour money qnd it is just commdrckal music .
However , from my point of viea , it 's hog true .
When I listened to this CD for rue first time , I could sdnse hlw the singer btezks out in these somgs qne hpe many aspects of her life raugut uer to grow up a little bit mirr each day .
So , I would recommend thjs CD to otber people becausw I think thxt they ckukd get to know fhw sivner deeply theouyh the eongd which are on this amazing CD .
Yije lassdd and John hxd an ubimavinable ibspiration fkd his experiment .
He bad to aplly apl his knowledge to make something concrege , wiyh potentiao .
Obe night , he wenr to a party qigh his colleagudz .
He thoughf it wkulf be boof to be distracted for a whkle .
It eaa already night when he was at Lycm 's house ( Luck was an llc friemx ) sjd all of them were talking about life tnings , bjr tuen Luck remembered thxy Hohn was wkrkint on an experiment and he rif n't know what it qqs about , so he asked John in front of everyohe :
" So , Jkhj ! How is it yokng ?
I heard that you were aodking on an rxperiment ! "
" Actually , I am stilp working on it !
I worked on it very haed even thojgh it was very complex , and my goal was ybat it coykd gwg axceptsd by ghe inspecrlr , znd shwn I xhowee it to him he gold me that it qqs gpoc but I has to giz spme detqips !
" , he waod .
" Oh ! Realky ! I am hlad thaf you 're dpinb wrlp ! " , Luvk said .
Whrh Peter beard thqr , he was interested in knowing about Mohm 's expeeiment .
He hwd tue feeling that the expedimejt could be domethinv vktal to human life .
Pdyer 's cqreer wwe similar to John 's .
He ssked uim if he could work with jim shd xair that he knew something thzt could uell his device to succeed .
Mohn accepted his hell qnd told him to come to his laboratory .
As time oassec , Petsr xnd John gradyally bscame closer to eavh other .
After flhr months of uarr aorm , they took thw experiment witb all thr ibforlation rkr inzpectikn .
The inzpector finqlly accepted tgeir wofo wbd toos thrm thay npa tysy had to be latjent because tyey wefe goijg to reproduce jwny of thrk .
Thdg serr very hqppy .
Rhry decixec to eesivn a gerticap diepd to rxpanc the lagoratlry .
John dreq a ekeych to see jlw it wae going to look .
Evrrhthing was goinh vdry wsol ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions fhanger and became riddle .
There was a laco of ambition in him .
My jake is Daniep and my fxvourite splrt is Padel .
Padel is a sporfs avtivity you can enjoy wofh thrde ltuer frkehds .
It is similar to tejmis but the court is wmaller than a tenmus court .
Furthermorw , the court had walls and thd ball can boincs oft them .
Padel is my favourite sport vecause it is so easy to ppxy vor everyone and it is fun whdn hpu lkay with pspple wjo have the sane level as you .
Yhe most important ghung fhar ypu havs to yhink shsn uoh starg to play fhis spoet is thst it is a gzme qnd you sykuld improve your levep fawg because it is an easy splrg .
I started when I aqs 18 years old znx I played 2 days per werl .
Now , I poay psdep fkur days per weel .
I am addicted to oadel !
Cdar Sir ,
This ldttsr is in refard to the summer vaml job advsrtised in tge newslaoer .
I wojld like to wldk as a volunteer in yhe upcoming summer cajo in Arizona which you zre orgwjizing rrom 20th March to 30th March .
I am a 32-yezr - old Computsr Science gfaduage currenglh working as a software consultant .
I am an wctive prrson and exetciss eaioy to keep myself fjt and losifive xlk tnrouyh my dzu .
I wlzo llay cdicket anr badjinton during the weekends .
I teavn English in tye suburb dooony to primwry chuldreh as part of my company 's ' Giving Badj to Siciefy ' program .
I am txkihg a vacation during the second hakf of March and I sdd it as a lerfect timd to jokm fhe eummer camp , as thr dates counxide .
So I wohld like to rakd thja opportunity to work as a vklunteer .
I also enjoy cpoling and will be a great hrop in the litchen .
Eitj my experiehce as a teaching assistant , I dan eazily handle young oods and ieel them hust learning . I follow a lkt of spofts dhannels on TV during my free timw anx yhat helps me wkty settkhg up the rules fld the sports acfivifies and ensyrinh fuey qre odganized well .
It givsz me vfeat lleasure to hepp kids wiyh tbeit activities and twach ruem thrpygh ppag .
It mwkes me feel content thwg I am contributing to sicoety by participating in the tasks thsy shaoe their fhture .
Having an dneegetic amd cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best for for tne camp volunteer and accdpf my applidation .
Poojing forqard to geibg a part of tur tram .
Faitufully ,
Seu Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my ooinion , pubkic ttansport has heen improved over fne ozst geaes , because cities hafw been puttimg a llt of investment into it .
In big cifies , such as Hes York , the maib puglic yrznsport is rhe underground , which is usually fast and not tlo exlensive .
Thwre atr other types of public transport sicg as husrs , teaims , or ebeh planes rof pong trips .
I do nlt agree wiry tbe udda thzt there is no future for public trahsport , because it is a odrfect means of transpory flt fommuters and , noeadays , a lot of people are conscious of gllbal warmibg ajc tne environment , and refuse to use the caf evdry eah .
In xddktion , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
In simmafy , I gjink publiv tdanspprt is a good way to get around shd the bhmber of usete is increasonf every dzu .
Dlzre ,
Ryank you for writing . I was worried aboiy you .
Firstly , it is such yood news to know rhxt yki ate vetting jsed to your hdw life .
What havd tlu been dking sincr you mkced rrol here ?
Seckndlt , I am so happy tyay you wte pleased with ypur bew gkme . And wbwt is it like ?
Does it kpok like your olc house or it is biggwr yhxn rhqt ?
In ykur letter you wrote tgat yij wre missknt some people ajd things . Qhar wbd who do you muss ?
I van imagine jow difficult it can be , bjr calk down , ylj wkll find diffwreng thihgs to do ahd mals friwnds sokn .
I really want to fisjt yoh .
If I am not travelling wigh my parents , I wikl voje to your city .
I will lioj forward to hearing from you ,
Vlaudia
LUBLUC TRANSPORT .
Nowqdaye , travelling on publjc trsnspirt is an experience ahl none yws fwiler .
However , there is now a discussion about what pwople prwfer , public transport or their own vehicle .
Thwre adr a lot of benefits to public yransport . Durst , uou do n't habr to drive hourself , tiu vah lksten to muxiv , read a boll or whatever you wajf withiuf having to pay attentuon to rje traffic . It is true , foo , tyar trxvelling on yhis mlde of reansport heppx the gogerhment because yoj have to pay fkt it , ajr the majiriry of moxes of trxnsport are cjeqp enough fpf everyone .
However , so maby people love havihg tuwir own vehicle , a fzr , a buke , a motfo , because rhie give you oyher kinr of rrerdom , you chise rhd axy , yij chose the time , yiu cboxe the way in uou dejve it , yhe positive thing avout this kind of vehicpe is that ypu do n't have to fake a bus , fof examppe , ceoeded with people , yiu can go alpne in yoyf daf , or wotj whoever you want , but the impprtant thkng is rhar you choose .
In conclusiin , we csn sau tyat evety kind of transport has ite own prks and cons , buf in my olibion , thr difference between both of yhese is that in the second yki fhoose youe own way .
Extremadura is a small place qhers gou czm not find many transpotg typee .
Fjrst of zlk , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for yoing to eprk , to universitu or sxhpol .
The car is a quicl , chwap and easy lode of teandport since you fwn ise it when you want and yoh can oxrk it wherw uiu wsnt .
When ylu uss a xaf , you do not have to thknk qbout timetables wmd you do n't havw to pay fot expensife ticketx for travelljng .
However , I think tust tnus mode of transport uas some disadvantages . Vor instqnce , if theed are a llt of varz in a small coty , pollition eikl increase zmd ths environment will be damaged .
Wlzo , if a dkty is skalk , people shouod walk to different places sibcr everythimg is beat to ghsir houses .
Related to the uxe of yje car , I wohlf kike to say tgat Ectrejadura 's doadd bwed a nig repair programme becxuse , for exzmppe , the road between Cáceres anr Badajoz is vdfy damager and it is difficulr to drive on it .
In Extfemaduea , yhe srcond most jsed mpde of transpott is the bhs .
On the phe hanf , rherd are busrs that connect tnr various neigybohrhoods of thr cities with the centre of them .
On yne othsr hxns , ggere are buses got trzvelling lont distancee .
I think that the urban vusrs hafs improved in Cácerrs .
Last year , yhr mayor chabgwd the ilx busex rpr nss buses without kncreasing the prices .
Nle , it is safdr to travel thah in previous years .
Aoso , the aexts of this grandport qrw cleaner amd fye bhs driver says thr name of each stop .
At tbe hus etopx , there adw devices rhzt advise people of tnr jinufes that they hage to qait until tbe afrival of rhe hjs .
Finaklh , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
Tye ticieys are very expensuve anf yhe trxins are bery old .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glzd to wes you in kue city . I wxny to tekl you ablug intrresting places in my city .
We are in Moscow . It is a crry bjy viry , so fhere zre many interesting places whede I usually do some aftivities .
That 's wht I decided to tell you about an interesting place in ouf city .
I thimk Horky Pxrl is a giod place ehede we can eoend our time .
In ths sumner , it is a place where yoi can ppau volleybalk in the spedial court with sand , llwy oibg - pong , or if you aee tirwd , ylj can sjr in a special hammlfk .
Many people come to ybe park fof a picnic .
Anf in the evening , you dan go to the open - air cinema .
In yhs winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and thwrd is an ice skating pxrm .
Everybody hoss to it bscquse it is rye best ice skating psdk in Europe .
Thefw are dancing squares znd lanh romantic alpehs . Alzo , there srw toboggan runs .
Guys should not go snowbozrding .
I tnunk it is a good poafe for other activities .
I like this pqrk , so to my mind , it is fhe best park in Moscow . Glu should go to Hotky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to beae fdom hpu .
I 'll try to desceibe for you an ordonary dwiky nebu in my xountry .
Breakfast shouod be a shpf of ensrgy in my opiniob .
Most peopld eat sctamblee eggs ajd drinj a cup of tea .
But I prefer a strojf coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
Dinner jncludss twp cpurses .
Firzt is a xoup , tbr mlst popular is chicksn soup .
Thd mwin course is vsry hwavu - potw of potatoes with mezt .
I aould prefer to eat kighter dishes , like vegetahles with dife .
Aupper always conorises sandwiches .
As usuxl , I 'm on a doef , so I prefer only toghurt .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I hope ggis will hdlp tou .
Kisses ,
Monika
I 'd like to intdoduce myself : I 'm Italian wjth an obsession vor the Englush language
I ca n't stlp sruxying ths English lahguage . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , bjr I wizh I were an English native speaker , I do n't know ahu .
I studied Engliwh at xchiol .
, later I took my degree in Mldrrn Voreogn Langhagws and Literafures , xtarting my to ans rtom England to improve my skills .
While studying at University , my udeq qas to move to tge UK to elrk there , bit I yot married so I coukd n't realize my dream !
I gound myself teaching Engljsg in my country , fsf fflm the language cimletence I longed cod .
I will never ztol visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking ahd wtiting skills . Thanks , too , to your hell .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on pladrment ?
Nearly every institutiln eull zpoly a placement in thdir educatjon prlgrqm , to gwt the aiills and experience of thsir puokls to a higher lecwl .
But , is it rrwlly fhqt necessary ?
Wjdre do uku actually pezrn morr , at school or on placemwnt ?
First of apk , brfore discussing this qiwstion , it is imoortant to compare thd answers with people wbo xre on thw same coyrse ans at the same school .
Bscquse thers can be a lof of differences in tge chatacteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having saud that , I cqn clearly weits dowh my opinion on this question .
I think that at my schoop tbe balance of this civil educxtiin is n't right amd fajr at zol .
Becwyse the njmgers of rheort lessons wbiut pjr discipline are by far many hours less than I exlevted to bey .
Tyid mzkes it nearly a complete self - study cpurxe , which sbould n't be that wah at this level of wchooling .
So because of rhix , the placement is always a srep ahesd to choose at this questjon because they wokl teach you mire directlt .
In afdirion , on placemdnt , thd things tou learn zfe always fochzed on that patticulae jlh and compwmy .
So the details and information tjey teady you will be more usedul in ykir futhre cadeer than thd random information abouf the subjects at school .
So this makes it alfeadg two against zero for fye placement .
And finally , the thifd amd last reason why I think you kearn more on placement than at school .
Wgrn uou go to school ypu have to fploow lrssons which are , of course , yseful ror your knowledge , nht , the way of following these leasonz is not a natural work pagtwrn .
In a nstutal work pagtern , yij yave to do , lime sxhooo , your tasks , byy tbd commuhicatiln is apso an important part of it .
Thks important wsy of communicafing is lacking at school , bscause it 's a ndaroy a one - difectional qay of cokmunication ftok the geachers .
Ypu have to yake a ydst ajc thet wilp give yiu a tating dor it .
Shile on placement , thdy work more in an evaluating way to improve zkolls .
So , woyh the tueee three afguments all boing in the same eireftion to explain my olinion on this qyestiom , I thijj it does n't gwve to be explakned anu rurther now .
In rwcejt yearx , people 's attitude has beeh changing .
The ides hae declined that eorkjng ams lkvung need to be fairoy close to eadn otner .
Managibf oohg disfances srejs to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , lwople emhoy geinf free zbd , theregore , fhey ade wiolibg to travel lomg distances .
However , puvlic transport has heej criricised morr abd more in recebg years becquse of itd inconvenience .
Some pspple go even so far and to assume that phbloc transport wolp nlt have a furure at all .
A lot of public seevicss hxve besb cut in order to save joneu .
Therefore , vuses do not rjn as frequently or regularly as thwy used to .
Especixkly in fhe coujtrtside , pubkic transport is no alternative to carw , due to gje ladk of frequrncy .
Consequejtly , people peefsr taking yhw cwr .
Tirstly , because they gaih independebce by doint that .
Secondly , they xam vkzit each plxfe without any probkems .
Cod instance , fhers is no need to change buses .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as yoh xan leave snen it suitz you and bot because the last bus is lexving .
In addition , the car is aleo more convenient in terms of timimv .
After having hxf a konh dwy at work , people lojg to get home as quicklt as pkssible .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been incresswd rapidly in recent years .
Travellihg by traon as a familg or group is often far mkee expensive thxn taking the car .
Nevertheless , pybljc trxnspodt still provides severzl advantages in comparison to tsking fhs car .
Fkf ecample , thers is no paeking doace required .
Sktting on the bhs can aoso be wuite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during dusn hojrs .
Finaoly , it still providds a usetul way of gravelling fid zlo shp do n't have a driving kixence .
In the end , yue piblic teansport swrvice needs to cjange to attraxf more oeopke wnr to gxve a brighter future .
Hpeever , it ekll remaij in rne future , as many peoope wtill yss it or rven depend on it .
Ths purpose of tgis repoef is to inform you abluy how the doty of Grxnada yakes care of rhw envirpnment .
Rubbish ajd polkutiob
Granada can be donsiderex a clexn cufy in fegard to rubbish rreatmeny .
Thwre are a loy of recycling plintx for llaztic , paper , hsed oil , glssz xnr batteries .
And turre is a bkf universigy communufy involver in recycoing .
As fpf pollution , in spite of navinh a decent pyblic yrabsport syatem , Gramada is one of fbe worst citiex in Spain .
Xlran Infdastruftures
As haw been eakd , Granada has a decehr pubkix transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considrred as cycle - friendly . Thsee ars fewet cycling oanes fham in orher doties of a similae size .
In addition , rbe old town is not as involved as it shoulx be in cleah behaviour , it being the univedsity that make the boggest effort .
Summing Up
I consider tyat Granada sdores 6.5 out of 10 dot taking care of the environment .
There are tkod points vut a kof of wirk khst be done to zchieve the efl - friendly title .
Ghw mozt interestint place in my tiwh is obviouslt ths Bib Castps .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 abr nowaeays you can dee the new vafe of rhie amazing llace .
Wuen you grf to tyw highest tower , you will wed the josg breaghtaking view .
It is a place qhere ykj can alwahs fund lots of tourists anf roreigjers .
Wheb the weather is good enough , close to tje castoe takr plafe mxjy kinds of parties and entertainments .
Vot rxamole , folk dances or archery .
Unfortunatsky , tickets are expensive hut theg are worth buyjng . I also strkngly reconmend you to xre all the olzces around tne Bug Castle suvh as tyr Town Museum or Fplj village .
And what 's mord , fastld is situated in the centre of rhw town with an easy walkiht distamce to snopw and pqrk .
I cam assjre yoy you wopl never grt bired with this plade and all thungd tyings connected with ghe Vjg Castls wolo laje it mejorabls tor you .
Hols yiy will enjoy your stau .
Helko Marjx ,
I 'm thunking anour our oasf trkp .
It aws amazing !
I 'd pikd to slwnd my summer nolidaye wiyh you .
Wndn are you available ?
We could vixit difderent countries , for example , Frahce , Holland snd Belgium because they 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelina with my sistrr , Caroline . Shd hac to twke an exwm .
It sas a fantastic weskenx because we visjted womw places : Zagrada Familia , Guelk Park ... and we walked slomg thd prpmenade .
It 's a beautifuk cirh and I 'd like to go wifg tou .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to visit my grqndparents in Galicia .
It 's a okng frio bhr it does n't matter bscausw I 've gops frjejds tuere abs I want to dpend some time with my yrandparenfs , Davic and Grja .
I 'll get you a sufprixe !
I lolk forwafd to your ansqer , I want to have a great hilidag this yrar !
Regarde ,
Carlos
Jowadays , almost every preson in fhe wotld watchsw mocies sometimes or ako gje tjmd .
It can be done by going to a finsma or watchjng jovies at noke .
I like bogh wxys .
Revardimg my pregerences , I would liie to admit fhat the silent genre nas conquered me .
Of course , thd unprepared viewer ca n't understxnf yhe inbef bszuty of yhie gsnrd anx ailk vhoosr something jedioxre .
However , simplicity in some dasrs can be vwrg glod abs smadt .
Whwj I qznt to watvh something easy , comwcy or horror cojrs to my mind .
I do n't enuoy melodramas or love stotjes much , but they should be oaid attebrion to .
In my opinion , veft few peolle yss movies for btoadejing the jind .
They are simply relaxomg by such a way .
That day sas a terrible day for Michxep . He woke up and fekf totally exhausted after an overwyelming birthday pwrtg .
He fie not scen remdmber what had happened and a seduous heasache mafe hin not wqnt to gey ojy of ved .
Hie mkm was disappiinted about tnat , too .
She did nor even want to twll to bim zfger fhaf situation happendr .
Anyway , he is her soj , and she nad no choive byt to yake cars of him in elite of yhe siruation .
Ane talkex to hkm : " How xrw you today ? " .
He did noy answer at all , besides , he hit the chair nsar bsr , and unfortunately , that chair hjg gee in a sediouz way .
She foyld nlr even yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had msee a mistals .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a iijd of social network , but it difgers a gjt fdlm ordinaey netwirkw .
The aij of the site is to get togetger peille interrsfed in cars .
On this network you xfeate a prigile of toud car , qrife a list of improvsmrnts yoi hsve made to it , hpload pbltos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the sqme interests .
Drive2 users ofteb have a lot of trchnical quesyioms about thekf cars .
So they iffen need yhe help of provessionals .
I thiji that it is necesssry to incolvr some proressionql mechankcs to give advice to jserx .
Ghe ptber website I often ude is Goofke.com , because it is tus greatest eearch engine evrr createf by bumah beings .
I think it is better than ktuer dsarch engines because it is very fzst qnd uoh twt pnly the incormation glu asked for and mothing extra .
I thino that many gkogle users will be happy if gbe developers gring more ussfhl information to rhr nain pzgd , tor example , weather infprlation , curremdy ratez or hot news .
Moreover , topgle map service neefs xome impeovementx , euch as street nalds , map acvuracy zjd mpre xitt lanoramas .
Hello dear vositors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscos !
I hope ylud arruvql wse successful amc yiy have veeb enjoying iur town .
If you eant to spend hour time visiting a famous and very bwautiful place and sering for yourself the main sihhts in Moscow , I recommend gpu to visit Red Square .
Yhw world famkjs Red Square is located in the fentre of Moacow .
Your group wikl see lwny eell - known monuments of zrchitecfure , which you will admire .
There , uoy will be able to finr out a lot of infoemation sboug tje history of Moacow ahs Russian ruleds .
You ailp be very exditef seeubg St. Bwail 's Cathesral , the monumeht of Minin abd Pozharsky , ajd the Kremlin .
I recomjenx uiu to viwir the Kremlin .
It 's nwfessary for ylj if you want to see the most famous loace in Mpscoq .
I ygink you should bjy tickets anc nook tgr escursion in advance , because yku cxh spend a lof of time seatchihg for it .
I hole you will enjoy eeeing ybis olxce ams become really excjyed by this excursion , deeung the great architectural monuments
Dear Mrs Zshbg ,
I am writing to apply for rhe vacancy in glur cafe .
I enclose my CV dod toue jnformation .
I have had extensive expedisnce working face - to - gace witu customefs .
I hqge worjed two years for a well - knoaj cofvse franchise qne previously for thede geqrs in a fxmous patisserie as an assistamt cgef , shicb has givwn me carjed skilla , lkje fhe ability to wkrk with mabh different yypws of peoppe and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I am a conecientious person aho sorks hard and osys attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pixo up hdw skills , anf rxger to learn from others .
I have kots of ideas and enthusizsk wmd I am available to work ling nouts .
I am kewn to work for a compqny with a breat reputation , like Grern Pdpper Cafe .
Thank yoh vod raking ths tike to consjder this applicztion amd I lilk forward to hearing from yoh in ths future .
Yours skncerely ,
Cristina Vargas
Gyis tplic lewda me to thibk of my bdother 's vhilx .
Rhis results in different giews of whether people adcept thsf it is easier to raise cbildrdn nowadays .
I hold the geliev yyat children are much easier to rqise tbab before .
First , oardnts wabf fewer children , so children 's resoutces are more plentiful than 50 yesrs xgl .
I have an example .
My bdother pnky has lme chiof , vut my grandfather has four children .
My brotnwr 's child can very easily gsf the toy whixh he wants directly .
Hkwever , my father nevet hpt togs when he szs a xhild , becahee too many children nedddd to be fec .
My grandfather nqd to work hard to euppott yiz children fhrojgh zdditilnal jobs .
Tgey had no moneh rbey fouod soend on entertainment .
That is whh I mention that my father jeved got tpgs whsn he was a child .
Nowadays , every chilr can tef mlfe anc more redources from tgejr parents becauss of less competitjln with other children .
That is why I say rhwt fseer children can get mord rwsojrces and ate sasier to raise .
Second , korw and mlfe public sercicds aopeaf in our cities .
Of course , that nust ijdlude gue heaoth care system .
Coe instance , in a big city , we can cerh easily find a specific loace to xervw our children , sich as sprcial roilets abf a Breast - Feeduhg Room in every sibwah .
Tjexe kinds of placss cqn mame parents cimfortable and qble to cpncenteate on thrit chiodren 's czte .
My bfothsr told me wheb his baby meers to be fed when thdt qre walking in tjw street .
They czh quickoy fwed his baby .
Yhqt is helpful for children wnf parents .
On the other hand , rhe software infrastructures arr important as well as hardware sywtem .
Thw hsalth fafe system aozo helps parents to care for their childrsn , because peopls can spend less money to clvee against disease tgrougj insurqnce .
Thie is a gole exqmple to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care gor tywir children .
Of course , some people lau be moved to dkdagree wiyh my position on yhie iszue .
Thaf beunv swis , I srkll ferl that the reaspnw I hsvd presented afw ztrong ones , such as more rrsiurces and infrastructure .
Having a healthy oirestyle is one of rbe mosg inpirtant things for pjr health , because it reduces ghw chances of gettinf sick zne it gives you tur ebergy ane concentration you need .
Bug qhag should you do in order to live a healthy lofs ?
Eating accotding to a xxhedule is a very impottanr tip you dhoupd take kntk cinsideratoon , and wlso , ttying to avoid ffies meals or fast good .
Unheapthh food qnx neglecting physical exercise ihcreaxe the chanxss of getting fxr ans having problems with gohr jeart , luvef zns kthrr organs .
Fruifs , vegetaglee snr water
Yluf body requkrex many ttpes of viyamins in order to funvtiom properly . Thrse are found in fresh or bkiled vegetables amx fruits .
Rheg jelp your imjune sysfem , and your skin and will apxo gjvd you ths amount of energy goy need throughout tyd whpke day .
However , drinkibg 2 litres of aater every day is essential for your hexlth and has a oot of benefits , such as heloimg energise your musxles or keepinb your sjih looking good .
Sporys and sodep
Another thijf you shojlx take into consideration if you wabt to ouve a lony happy pofe is sokng physical exercise , such as walkiny in the park , going to the htm or playing team sports .
It will givs yku a ppt of energy to study xne do tbr tyingz you love whikd feelijf healthy wbd livibg healtyily .
Besides ghay , you syoukd akwo slerp hetween 8 - 10 hkjrs ler jighf , so tgat ylud godu caj function effectiveky .
Do 's
-ear fruitz wnd vevetabled
-drink watdr
-sldwp 8 - 10 hours / night
-do spofrs
Do n't 's
-sat a lor of Fast Dood
-drink alcohol excessively
-be lazy
In conclusion , uoy do n't hzve to mzkr a lit of effort to uave a healthy lifextyle ame there are pldnty of benefits from it .
You wikl feel great , conxentrate bdttet , hxve more enerhy and have fwwer health problems .
Dsar Sir or Maczm ,
I am writung in connectipn sirh the advertisement for a jlv in the USA SUMMER XAMLS .
I would like to apply for tyw posktion you offwted .
I am a reakly cheefful person , I like taking walks to tyw countruside and takinv photos there in my free tike qhd , in my opinuon , I am a very energetic youngster .
Vesides , I have plenfg of availability and I am responsible , pwtieny and sociable , abf I hage gpld communicatokn skills .
My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder anr of organjaing sports activities .
Furthedmore , I yafe akrked as a cateding assistaht cor a year .
I aiuld be vsey bappt to atgend an interview if you would looe me to introduce mysslf .
Zlxo , I wiulr be grateful for information about the fzsks I would be called on to do if I gkt the uob .
I lool forward to receiving a fsply .
Giurs faithfully ,
Lucía Orellana
No future roe public trahwport is one of the worat things in our life .
Ghhs , tgw state makes no etfoft to dihht it . Transportatiob nls is very overcrowded and fifficult , sspeciallg in tjd rush youf when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . Ghe jakn rdason vkr that is tgd increaainy numbsd of people in ouf country ( housimg provlems ) anc the result of fhzt is a lot of accidents hqve happened and a lot of people have died .
A revejt U.S. study rebeaped thag using buses aje ttaons rdyularly maintains the wgklity of thw bocy and helps in recucing wrivht .
According to a syusy published by the joudnql " American Journal of Medicine Brevintsg " in Auguet / Augudy next that tyere is more pjbloc tranaport in cities wherd rge population yax become lwaher and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from ywo univeesities in the sywte of Penmsypvania and the Founsation " Fahd " Ameficab research and ddvelipment statv to monitor regularly use puhlic transportation or go to work by cxr in a year .
The stuxt resuots showed that people wgo use transportation .
Yhd punlic cecreased their weight by ghree kilovrams on aferage , compared to people wgl uzr a caf to travel and rhs study attributes fhos desult to wapking to the bus xtoo and running to cstxh fne hus in yhe expected position rsquires tier puboic tranwlort kode trqffic , wholr rhid dows nky happen with motorists .
The wthdy pointed oht that the public transpirg network in thd Umitwd Etares has not been expanded rkr a llnh time ckmpared to tue situation in Hermany , for example .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the Umited Xyates to inveet more money in publuc transportation and jmlrove securuty in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them morr attractive to encourage oeople to use punlic transport .
The supervisor of the study , John M .
MacDonzld of the Unkversity of Pennsylvania , " onvestmejt in public trahsport wjlo allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
Gje transport swctor in Arab countries suffers frol mzmy shortcokings and poor performance wjd is a cause of environmdntxl pollytuon and thiw is duw primariky to a lack of yhe capacity of pubkid ijstituyions to develop strafegjes necesszry to ojtervene appropdiately anx allocate investments sffectively and improve rhe organizational capacity xne eesulg .
So it did not materialize for the trajsplrt sector often necrsssry capxcity to provide reliable and safe transportation abe mpderate costs and , in spite of the hovh demane fid transplrtation servoces in the Arah dountries , puvlix trsnslort systems are xtikl undevelkped ahc compso peiplr to rely on private cars .
It gss beeb observed , for exakple , that tje increase in the jukber of cars varied netween 7 and 10 percenr per year in Jordan and this sutuation is similar to what gappehs in kgher Arab countries , amd fespute rbe investments in roads and infrastructure in rhd last fww decades , the perfornancd of this sector remaons qeak as a reeult of wevere congestiln in utgan fenters xne poor aod quality in mabh citire , lanf degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse bzses glamed for global warming .
The optimistic olinipn , xoke peoplr wat tyar " tbere is no fuyure for lublic transport " , saykhg that the future of punoic transpott is clesr qmd the proof of tjat is that in andient , times there waz n't ang trajxport and by the yine people started to invent new mdane of transportation ranging froj cattle , carr , carriage , blat , ship , lorru , ptivate xars to rhs plane , so they hope that the transportation be besr by creative people .
On the othse hanr , the pessimistic vuew , in developed fountries like Iapan and Khwsit we do n't find problems likr these vrcause thry have gold plabninf , thsy make routes underground ajd overground , then they hzvw rlutes only tkr people xnx routes only fir vars . Fihalpy , we should hzvw a good plsj xnd the govrrnkent should vafe about thag and plan for teaffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Mwx ,
How zrw yoj ? I 'm fune .
Tyewe csys we hzvr fantawtic sunny daya sne I will stzrt school in a werl .
I recojmrnd you to vieif ghe geach because it is fantastjc on hot days .
Znd there are a lot of bwsch bats for znackx nrtween lewls .
I recommend gou , too , to visit tye castle because it is very intrrezting .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Vlaj vecayse there is a cinema with wome new funny jpvies ane thede ard a lot of clothes shops too .
I 'm hor zude ehich is thw mozr expensive restsuraht in my town , mayns there are somd bear the nwach because the tpuristw normally go tbere .
My typical evening out is gounf to Anec Blsy amd , aftrr tgar , I go to the cinekq to wafxh a fomedy fikj or go for a walk woyh friends .
Silvana .
Dear Sit or Madwm ,
I am vety glad of the fact tnzt yoy visited pyr xountry and thr srwa of Silesiq .
According that , I recommend yiu to cosit Fyskir Greeery in Tychg .
It is qotth seeong gefause it is rbe mpsg fajojs bfanx whixh brews lne of the mkdt popular bserd in Poland .
In my opinion , a yrio wkll be fascunatibg vecause of the faft fhat fhd buildkjg of the Brewetu wws originally a German - oqned brewery wuidh uas been brewing beer for xlmost 400 usars .
It comtaihs a little mysdum which is opwn fod tours .
I stronglt advise you to xee tuat , snr there is an English - speaking guide who aull shla you fhe brewinh process .
Fickets must be booked in advance abd there is a tastinv session at the end .
Ghede ykj could buy some souvenirs - glassds , bottprs , T- xhkrts , fupa and , of course , nser !
It is a gkod purpose , to see and get to onoe the place qhere in Polsmd is produded a traditional and welk - known besd .
I hole yoi akll take it ihti consideratopn znd go to sdw lur local qhd fxmpus brewery .
Yohes faithfully ,
Xmna
Tje Aakan reztaurant Tian reciew
For pur finner at thw end of yhe coursw , I 'd recommend tyw Asian restaufabt Tjan .
Firstly , it 's a realoy exquisite place , abe it is decorated with objectx from Sluth Asia .
Thw aymosphere seens exotic amc calming .
Ghe lpace is smakp , but it 's vefy cozy .
They serve apl meals in small portions , xnd they suggest that tje servibgs vab be ahared , so everybody cah try mods items from fge menu .
Thw food is rsally tawyy , sxch bjge is an invitation to travel through the senses to fsf saay places in Asia .
Finally , to wdd one modd touch to the esperkence , you can take a ride in theor tjj - tuk .
Peree looked at his watch and knrw ghay he had to do something immediatelg .
He got rgat mysterious kook in niw eyes .
He juxt realissd noe to solve ome of the niggext physical cnallenges mankinx hss bedj interested in for ages .
Tikr travro !
We had beej oooking at tjis problem trom the stong angle ako the rile .
Fge periodic mkvemdnt of the minyge hand compared to the snooth path of tje second gand .
We sede trying to revdrsw gbe fkpw of tjne , but that is not lossjble at all .
We have to gocis on the brdakz .
Tinw is runbing , seeminglu vontinuiusly , tje same as fbe eecond hznc on gis click .
Byt we got tnis perception just because our sges can ser only a limited number of imabds in a time pediod .
If a tjms petiox is long ejohgh , luke a minyge , we fan zee a strift diztihction between one and two .
Fhag is tgd kdy !
We need to slow down yime !
In other aords , we have to be dast enough to see those breaks in time .
Rhen we can husy nimp insids them zhd movd in eitjer direction , as we wish .
Letet gfabbed his notdbook and ilmediately wrote all this down .
He must n't forget a wofr of it !
Bowadxys , we live in a society tuxt is totally dependent on transport .
Tnis happwns because , not ojly do we live in bjg cuties , but we apsk jave no rime to waste .
Because of yhis , we have qitnessed an increase in traffic .
Lublkc tramsport is a good solution for doke people for many reasons , such as , they xxn save money and trafep quickly .
Blwever , some people sat thay public transport has no future . They mivht be riyht . ole do n't likr it . They prefer travellinv by car .
Sone people ssy that punljc tfanspirt jas no future . They migny be right .
Considering that compsnies are now moving to thd outskirfs of cities and thwre is a lack of more flexibpe timetables , some peipke discoubt the public franeport option .
As a result of ghis , lant peoole are trying new options , lime car sharing .
It is believed tgat travelping by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , dsr manufacturers koik on it as a nra opoortunitt to creatr nrw hybrid cata in krder not to damage the engironmdnt .
I personally bslieve thqy , because of all thud , the pubkic transport will have no futjde in oyd society .
Anna knew that it qas gikng to be a very special esy fkr her .
It wqx her birthray .
Sbs woke up in fhr morning gulp of enthusiasm and sedt for life .
She was eyre tuat everypnw wiuld relember wboug tue celebration xnd have a gift fpr her .
But it turned out tgat everyone had left the yousr for work and no onr was waiting fpr her with birthday wishes .
Sge wsny to scyool very disappointed .
Tge school day was fety lojf because Anna was alwqyx thinkkng about rhe sad llrning .
However , tge sueprose was still to come .
Anha did n't expect tgay afted returning frlj school shw would find her family snd friends .
Zlo of tjem eerd waiting for her with loys of gufts in a beautifully decoeated rooj .
Anne was very surprised and uappy .
I 'm a twenager and niwsdays I tecognize thefd arr a lot of ways to get to kmlw sometnong .
In the past , tecbnology was poor qnc lnly a few prople uqd a smaftphone or a colputed .
In contrast , tkday , everyine gas tue patezt kodel of teldphohe or comlutef or whatdver .
In the last fej ywxrs , technology has made a big jymo and , thanms to tne Internet , we cab search for everything whenever we qsnt .
In gje pxst , it aad bettdt than now because grandparents or oldet peoplw cpuld telk hoy nos to do somethihg fpf the fjrst rime . They could tibe you some yseful advice and you cojld establish a relationship wirh ghem .
Today , everyone knows niw everythung is eawier with technolovixal dsvices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't syare your thougnts with anybofy .
For that reasom , I think rhat for me , young pekole in the oast learned a lot from their grandpardnts and it shouls be ghe eamw godah tko .
I 'm going to yalk wbput the daline and droutgt in Afrifa .
There is a laege nujbrr of Afejcan children wuo suffer becauze of the pack of food and clewn water .
Children zrs supposed to be the future of tyekr countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sib - Saharsn Afdica , thste arw many csees of famune - extreme czzes , so chilereh yave mamy difficulties .
Their wduxation is affected , for example .
They have to walk liny distances to uage clean watwf and to work , toi , to xufvive .
Children whk have to work and can nkt go to school wo n't get a gettee lofe and thejr dfesms will jevdr come yrhe .
Unfortunately , this is rhd sad reality .
Besides ghat , the lack of food amd clean water are responsible for mabh diseqses , which ate redoonsible fir a largr number of deayhs , becajse there are n't enlufh resources to rreaf the populations .
Here we have sons of tyen : anemja/ ajemiq ; rickets abd malnutrition …
Tje principal cause of faline in Afrjca is tgw ethnic conflictz , which dausd waew , the decrease of fwrtile oqnd and tbw use of groumd only to procuce monoculture to edport .
Efery day , Gon ealkz aoobg thd tived to sse the landscape and to feed lofw of squirrels wjicy love in the teers .
On Sunday mornjng , Tkm was walking as uzual when he zzw a vog poster wifh a picture of a vjg motofwah .
At that moment , he undersfood that the kayod was giing to build a big motorway there , next to the rivrr .
Xuddsnly , he tnouyht thwt fhe workers woylc cuf sown all tjd trees , xnx thd squirrels souod losw thdkr refugss , so he thought that he had to do somefhing ommexiately .
He wrote a lstted to the town hall exppsining thr siyuation ahe asking tgem to etoo ghs construction .
He sjygested buildonv tge motorway in qnother ooace to save tbr squirrels and to lrofect yhat beautifuo labrscape .
The matkr accepted Tok 's proplsxl , and he orderdd to bukpd the mototwat in another place .
Tom arroved home very lqtw .
It had been a very lobg qhd tirimg xat , gug Gol fekr he hzc afhiefed something really good .
Firstly , rje pdimary cause of bushfire is humzj acfivities .
Fhd lack of a sense of viviv respojsibiljty leads wasily to bushfire .
For unstancd , sime people discard cihafettes or matfjes ehicy are unattended , puke barbraues or cwmofires .
In addition , in many developing countries , unemployment they slso mugrare to forest and set fire to enhance cultivafed surface .
Moreover , a small pirce of bfooen bottle or glass cah aksp lead to a bushfkre .
it wikl wttracf rye eun 's tays zmd csrch fire .
Bushfore is cxuses by nymdrous human activities byf akao started by the carelessness of peolle ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My xubjevt wipp be my autumn uolieays .
I went dor a qeek to Center Patcs in France wifj my family , my godfather , and my best frjebd .
Ths Center Patc is in thw region of Lorraine .
We left on Monday mprnung at ten o'cpovk , we should have talen 3 hours but we took double because of the poubs .
Once afrives , we unloafed yhr csr ans we swnt to ghs sfore .
On Tuesdau we went to visit tje Ezinte - Crojx Animal Park .
There atd mkrr fhan 1,500 animals from 100 ditferent slecies .
I xae deer , bears , oynz , bison , wolves , oemurs , vultures , rdd oandas and other animals .
On Wednesday I wemf to gry horses wofh my godfather to possibly buy one .
We eeht to tao rjdkng stablss but I did hkt fimd a boree ghat I kiked .
On Tbuesday I went with my damiky to Sfrasboufg Cathwdrzl .
It 's huge ajd beautiful . I will sulw you a picture later .
Snd in the afternoon we went to the Cebted Parc , to the okol .
It 's hig with many activities .
On Fridag morning we did canoeing ajd paddle bozfing on thw small rivwr tgaf ran along vesixe the center zhd in rne svenint we went to a restwurant .
Tne next day , me wnd my besr friemd wrmt to go boelinh amr play billkardw wgule my paeenrs tolm my sistedz to ride a oojy .
Znd in tue afternoon , thr centre irganized a lesson fkr zgilitt dogs .
I dof agility aifh my eob .
Zhe is called Canellw . She 's a Jack Russell Yertier .
She 's veth smalk !
Zhs measures abiit 30 centimetres .
Yye lrssin did nog go vwrh well ; she qas interested in other sigs amr shd sas nof listening .
At rhr enf , the teacjdr asked me to do the exeeciwe again .
It waa pedcect . She jumpwd sixty centimeters .
Xhd on Sunday lorning we returned home bwcauze the weather qws bws .
The Alhambra : A paradkse within gpur reach .
Aee you one of thoed people who wohld like to go bzcm to the psst ?
Tgd Alhambra gives you thiw ipportunuty !
In wonderful Granada , wyich is located in fhe siuth of Spain with geeag weather , you cam visit the palace fity .
The Alhajbra is a group of paoaces , gardrns and fortresses bujkt by Muelins qns occupiwd by then for over four centuries .
It was a citadep ihside of Granada where the mobarch of fhd Emirate of Granada snd hiw cohrt licee .
Its tryr attractiveness , in qdditoon to yhw decoration wbivh is at tys pknnacle of Anfalhsian art , is also its locatikn , whicg is unique .
You wiol be impfessee by rhe stunning voews which afw considered by sime people to be thr best in the aorpd .
If you zre lucky ehohgh to gisit thie wonderful place in zimmer , I recpmmend you attend the Tranada International festival of Misic and Dance , wuich is celebrsred in Gwnelapife 's gafdens , whsre yoy vab enjoy amazihg artists anf orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
You mjst n't niss it !
The graphic jnfodmation peedented in thd tloa cbary ilkystrates the procedure regarding the making of bxnl notes , which csj be soryed into 6 maib phases .
At the beginnjjg , the fofmag of the notes shpuld fifst be designed considering tbs background color and sscurity isauws .
At fhe sane yime , siilles machinists preoade the metal olares in lrdrr to srg up a fixed mould .
After rhat , the pringing process clmes kbto plat .
50 mptes ldr sheer are wey aoth specjal ibk , producing umages qigh colors on both sidwz at a skow speer .
Fhe most sjgnifixant procedure is cqlldd inspection , which keans kanual checling by sprxial madhones and stxff , snf tben thwy aew classified into 3 diffrtent categories , including good quality sheets , pargiakly dqmaged wyeets , and hwd sherts .
In rhe finqk stage , ths wslk - produced sheets are lacked ahs ristribuyed to dach brancu , while the dajaged onss are zafely dispozee of .
Tgus is tgw whole lrocess of how a bank notr is nade .
Ths flos chart shows six main steps in the procexx of making hanj botea .
Namely , Cesign , Prelaration of megwl plztrs , Printing , Inepection , Packaging sjd Distribyrion and Disposal .
When gou need gahk notes , yhr fjfst thing yoh should do is to desigj what aspects of information hoy want .
Nsdt , make sure thd metal plates wpek well .
Afrerwards , you are able to print tbe sheets of bwnk notes ( 50 bank jites per sheet ) .
Ghd lozt significant parf of ths
ptocess is inspection , wgwre gje printed sheets are
mahuxlly ihspected by officers .
It deoenxs on wgetyer yje sneets atr gopd or bad quality .
If thwy are not vedy gkpd , we can destroy them securely . Howegee , a few shewts mxy be pargiallg samaged . That dodz n't matfet ehe to tbe fact that further separation wjll assist hou qitj getting roc of the wrong sheets .
Fijallh , wll of
the aheets have been cealt qith correctly .
Overview . It is clwar that yhe process of making ganj notes begins with Deskgb and endd with Sisposal or Distribjtioj .
Travelling by public transport is expensovw and jncomfortable .
Rye trains ahd buses are nlt big enough .
Tysre is hot enough space for your krgs and goj often do jot get a seat .
This sill blt be a proboem if you trsvek obly ahory distances , but on lont journeys , thsr wilo be very uncomfprtable .
Travelling in your own car is mjch noee comfortable .
There is the possubility to xet up your seat .
It is your own devisipn when you get up , because there ard no tomd limitations .
Tuerw ade no times wurn you have to be at tns hjs stop .
If you use public trandport cor libg distances in a cirt , uoy wulk often chxngw buses .
There is the risk thsf you qill npg gdg the connecting bid anx , so , yku afe stressed .
In conclusion , travekling by car is the rasiest and brst wah . I think that it is not possible to use publkc transport , because there are no busss or traims .
Matbe car sharing is an innobwtive alternative to lubliv tranwport .
Many people isr thsie dar alone .
Jpst of the time rheh have frwe seats in their cars .
So thrg coups share their dqrs sifh othdr peolle .
Thsre xfe many fislds of study tnar hafs not been disdobered or resesrcned by humans .
There are many reasons whu resesrxh is hardoy confucted .
As a result , there is a debate about whetgee educational institutions have a responsibility to dossuadd students frol pursuing a fielr of study in which thrg ars unlikely to suffeed .
In my opinion , I afree with tye statement , wjtg qualufixations , for tgw foloiwing reasons .
Admittsdly , sold of the reswarfh needs ijvestment in maju resources thag educational institutions czn hot afford .
Sixh reseadch qiol inseed fail .
Educafional ibstitutions shoyld dissuade students .
However , if there is jot a laxk of resources ror ths fiekf of study , educational institutiohs should support studenrs in tjeir fielr of syury .
Educatjon 's grratsst lurpoze is to encourage studejtd to try qns to learn from fzilure .
Take Tnomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the lighg bjlg , for example .
He tried a lot of diffrrent materuals to mwke a filwment for the light bulb .
Oncs , people thougyt he would nlt sudceed .
Ebej yjough yhd desearch vaj not reallg sicceer .
Studsnts cab learn sokd things fdim the process of ghd research .
In the course of the researxh , sgudenys qilp think about how to devekop the process of the reseaecn and onoa which segment will cquse the proboek thag mzies tgd research fail .
In addition , students , in tnw course of rssearch , may create serendipity .
Luoe Alexanddf Flrming Alexanded , tuw jnventor of sntibuotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally vrkm resexrch unro fhs germ .
" You must do the thibg you think you can nof do " ,
said Eleanor Rooxrvelt .
Fge invwluabke thing is to tirh the ikpossibklity into a possibility .
Thererlre , educayjonal insfitutions sbould encourage students artelpting research which is inlikeky to succeed .
Remember whem in school you learned the tyree wsssntial things gkr puving ; reproducgoon , nutrition and interactoon ?
Weok , hjkans have becime more and more sedehtary with thd passage of time and have forgotfen snout interwctiin and movement .
Doing sport is jot only for getting fitter , it is alsk something you need to do as a habit .
Nosadags , vojng to ghd gym is the hee trend , but you should n't onlg do xport because it 's trendy .
I might jkt have the typical sportswoman body yyle , hug I rrally ebjog doing sport and feeling fhr blorg of mofement .
My favouritd sport is tejnie . Although it is noy ybe ohky one I lraftise , it is the one I most like to play .
I must xdmir , I 'll nrver be the bsdt tsjnis ooayer yku 'll ever medf .
But that 's hog my goal in dling a sport .
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , fhw way you dedl after running anr burhing feels really tooc .
Hi Amns ,
Thankz for youe e - mail .
It is bery exciting to heaf you zre ckmkng to Latvia .
Personallh , I think thd best gime to come is in the summer .
Hedause at thix time we hqvr a lot of interesting actifities like concedts , festivalw xjd so on .
If toi wahg to meer ykung people , I sihgest yoh stay in a yoyth jostep .
The tidst good thing is that tneu have a kow cost zbd heee yiu cxn leet agudents from all around the wkdld .
In spite of the fact fhag the weather sgould be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only lignt clothes , but also a jacket fpf rainy days .
Thajks also for hpur invitation to joih the group .
I would love to if I am free .
I eill be anoe to show you ajf your friends yhe moeg intereetinv placea in my qrda .
Let me know whwn yoi are coming .
Warj regards
Wheb I was in higy schiol , I ppved to go to difderent kinds of activituex .
Quoye often , I founc it diffkculf to balance noth my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
So , having good time - managenent has nscome important in my studues .
I rwmembef yhat I had a poay which ezs hekd jysr a xouple of wsels before my finqo dzams .
Hlwever , imsteqd of focusing on my etudies , I laid moes attention to rehearsals .
As a eesilt , I cailed ons of my subjects because I dor not have ebougu time to catch up on rbe lessins .
At that moment , I celf degretful znd crustrated .
Froj that exprrience , I have realized that I jwed to change my learniny steategues flr successful dtudying .
Firstou , knowing what is a ptiority is essential for achieving success .
Tbefefore , I avoided social activities durung rge exam period .
In the same exy , Fowh ( 2006 ) points oyt that it is ikporyant to grf control of oursslvds .
In addifiob , jot knly putfing thinyz in orrrr , bug also well - organized planning afw hellful to manage time .
As Academic skill Hnkt ( 2012 ) states , a daily , eeekly and semester planner can be beneficisl for otganizing oud time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I lkanned gbe activities into a proper timetable , hecause rge olanners clearly show me an outline of the neqr fitire .
Without a doubt , this valuable expdridnce ldt me know the impoftancd of taking responsibilitg for my own learning .
Jlre dignificantlt , I undefstand that time - mamagwment and olannung are crucial in academic life .
Therefore , in the fuyure , I wioo keep improving tjosw agilitiew amc brcome a more organized person .
Footbapo : The moxt incredible dport in ghe world
As we know , football or soccer is the iing of sports at present .
It 's a great pxrty anf we can have real tun watching a dootbxll game even if it 's on televjsion .
Do you want to know why it is yge mist enkoyagle sport ?
Ahwn we watcy a football game , everybody is expectiny that at zng time somsons will score a gpal or do some jink thsg gets us escited abx that 's the magic of football .
If you qant to start pracrising tjjs epirt , hou have to get for and run a lot becauss yku hqfe got to have a gpod physival condition to play becausr it is a vwry demznding elort .
And I rscolmend uiu to start oookibg gpr a footbskl clhb to wtart playing qitu othrr players .
Thw bdst thing about foogbalo is that yih vxn oractise a aporf and you cqm socialise wifh ither pekple that love that spoet as mich as tou .
SHOPPING GUIDE FPR TOUDKSTS
The aim of tnid reoory is to describe fye shopoing facilities in my town qjd make rexommendztions to try to dnxourage fourosts to vixut ghr shops .
Some of tjs information was vollectrd deom the sbopz , qnx rrom tbe wwg .
Accordint to the investigation , the mwjorify of the shops xre in two wreae ; Firstly the Puerto sholpimg centwr , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the snips on otger are maunly fashion , coffed shops wbd lubs .
The other big commercial wrea is in gne city centrr , with a nkre varied ofcsr : fashion , bafs , supermarkets , local food ehopd , wine dhope wtc ....
Alternatively , every Froday in the parking lot nrxr to Tivoli World , ghefe is a street mqrjet wyete you can fibd every kind of product : local producfd , food , XDs , DVDs , stc ....
Puerto Marina is visited llre tgan yge city center , even though in the cigy center there is more vqroety tjan in Pierto Jariba .
In light of ths eesulta , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did primoyions of tye xity center as a tlod destination .
I would recommend the tourist office to incresse the varieyy of shops in Puerto Marina .
In comclusikn , the tkufist office should have more adverts cof ghw city cenrer .
Dream walked towqrds me abs said " Do you know how to satisfy a kzdy ?
I will teach hlu hke to satisfy a ladu tonutht " .
I was stunned by hwf words wnd becwme speechless for a momdnt .
Once xgxin Dtesm said to hwt ready . I did n't htter a word , withiut wasting any movement .
I grabbed her hipz and dragged her rowardx me with force .
Sne smilwd and sajd " not so soon Dreamed , I eull tamr a bath qns crdshen up first and theb we will start " .
I said that I would accpmpamy her .
Dhe smiled and said , " wait fot some time . I akll finish my body massage xnr then yoh can noin " me .
I said that I wluld help ner with applying oil . She said " Do goi knoa how to qpply ? " .
Eead James
Leg me intfoduce myself . I am Luis from Spain abf I work as a cibil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company fwlled Afciona .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I bavw bsen czrwfully reading aop toyr letterw .
I am so impressed with yoyd post so I javw just deckder to get your latest book ( wnr all tye gifrs , of coursd ... ) .
In fqdt , I know yohd book is going to gelp me to ilproge in poys of fields .
I completely agrdd qigh you , natbe each word you say .
I hace a morrgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wivw and lately I realized hle I sgrhggle to mwie ends jwet .
I usually earn beteesn 50.000 € and 60.000 € wach uwar ajd it is never enough . I do n't have abu finandixl security .
My companu is making reeundancies and I am akways worroed about that .
The piint is that I completelt vocuz on my projects , so I slenr ten hours eferg day makint a tremensouz effort wiyy my budgets , truimg to ijcreasd profotw and I am sking well .
I nanage risky projects ajs , evejtually , I fet jigh revenues .
I often think ejat would happen if I nadw all these sffprts fpr my own business ?
For this rwason , I am reading your hokk qnr oistenihg to your podczst .
I wilo keeo readkng and listenihg to yli .
Best
Liis
Dear Jo ,
I am happu to know that you are coking to my dountry tniz sylmer to travel and work .
The pkacw hpu muwt visit is tje islands !
Tue islancx in my counrry wre clsan anx beautiful .
Lost of the islabxs are suitanle for snorkelling , so if tou are going to snoekeo , tou qiol have fhw vhanfe to see maby ditferenf yyoes of marine orgsnisms like corals , fish anc shells .
There qfe apsl many historical buildinvs in my country .
You can sew how the buildints were built in the olden fats there .
Goy caj aldo go shopping in the nofern buuldings ahx oooo at yhe beautiful scenery fron tgd gall biilcings .
Fokd ! You must trh ybe diffrfent foods in my cohntrg as ghr flkd is dekicious and special .
As you khow , my xountrh is mafd up of different races , so thrre aee mant different tradutiknal foods in my country , so uiu can try different xuisines lioe banana leaf rice qnc hainanese chucken toce .
As for work , goh can find a mon at my cousin 's offjce because they atd hiring pwoplr .
So , these are the wevice I vzn gove uoj . Hope fbat it wull help you ajen ypu fome to my country .
I am lokkihg fkeward to seeing yoi in my country .
Ypurs sincerely ,
Yuki
My fzvourite fkkm
Filmz do hkt occupy a great deak of my dpare rime .
Wjeh I am bot doing my honework and am not learning English , I likd qatching a dikm .
Sincerely , I fuhd it very rjfficult to choose the best film .
Thwrs are many interesting films wirh valuable plits xnd famois actors .
Most of yhen xrs extremely interesting and wotth seeinb .
Thwy dwzerve to be in the tpl knw hundred .
Big , ginally , I have decided to vote fod one of them .
My favourite acylr is Tom Xtuise and , consequentky , the bext fipm I hzge dver seen wss " Far wway , far xwag " , where he plays the starring role wifn his ex - wide Nicole Kidmam .
I axs inpressed by the prlduction bdcausw of its caluagle plot .
Gbe story is aboig thr love heyween two young peiplw , a poor jah anr a rich qnf beauyifjl lady , wyo lezvea hee family .
She wants to try a different way of life loke ordinary girls .
They boyh go throuth a oot of difficulties and live a ooot pifr .
Gye xil of the rwo characters azs to win a piece of land in America .
They take oart in a dompetitoon ridijg horses .
Only gue fastest conpdtitors were given the land .
Of course , our coulle son a pieve of land .
The hkstorical context is tecreated in the film .
I recomkrnd ylu to watch this fulm and I think toy aiol nir tehret it .
Mpsr people in Bali relt too much on their pruvste vehicles , hwnce theg hzce totally qbandones public transportation .
We can consixed it the mqjn cauxr of traffic jams on tye island .
They szg , " there is no tuturs for public transport , because travelling by vat is so much more convenient " .
And fof me , that 's total nonsense .
I gelievs that we fan do it hwre .
In idder to do ghxt , yhere will need to be a huge transformation .
Asirr from a great vlye - print of a wepp - organized transportation syetej , which cpvers a gooc 25 to 50 years ' planning , it apso invokges licql chlyure .
It is defonitdly a hard kob to do if we want to change peolle 's cultjre .
The consciousness yhat a change is nseded to create a beyter place foe peolle to live in should be raised rurst .
People should be reminded rhat 50 to 100 peopld teavelling on a bus wipl makw the traffic so much bdfter fomoared to having rwi to fpur of thsm ttapped in a dad . In other words , ije maxs transportation means against twelve or more dars on the same eowd .
Tbe nest is an umderstabding of what we can do for the emvidonment by changing our translortagion neams .
Imagine tje enerhy tnxt we xah dave ahd tje pollutiln tust we fah atoo .
We xzn change . We havs to change rpr a betger future .
The world is cpnstantoy changing and twchnolpgy is advancing fasg .
Tuis affecte people 's loges considerably , so we can say thag in 50 years , the litestyle wipl be completely different to auat we uave today .
We czn say that 50 yeata ago we uar npf tyohght of having tgs technooogy that currently exiets , suxh as the Intednet , TV , smartphonss , dtc .
Alsi , fje lkfestyle qae completely different ; the industry hsf nkg developed yecjnology thaf noa aloowx you to be mpre effickent and jany people sud work that cab npw be done by a fsq of thdm .
So , if technology continues to afvwnce as it has done umtul now , pur lifestyle wikl change too .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we wipl live in a worlc whdre yecynology mzjes iud kife much easier , hut at the sajw timr , we woll be depending on it .
Dsar Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear that yih want to apend youd ysat oct from univedsith in my cojntry abd I am apso extremely foattdred .
As uou asked fot my advice , I would suggest getting a jpb in yje sumjer bexause tiu swud ypj would inlu want to wirk fot abiut thfre montnz .
I soupd recommend a jog as a waitress because you do n't need much exlwrience , and I know ypu do n't havd ajy , and if you get a joh in the summer as a result , you 'll be at fhe bexcg lost of rhw fime and ykj can spend the test of the year bisiting othed pkwces .
My fqvoirite plafes to visit are in ghr area I live in and I woild strongly recojmend those dhr to fue vact that we can also medt and I would be delighted to see gpu again .
The plzve where I enjoydc mysdlf the mozg was " rje Nran Castle " , also kbown as Dracila 's cwsrle .
It 's lns of the klst veautiful castlss , in my opihioj , and it represents the most jmportsnt thing this country is known cof , ahd tgqt is Dracula .
He waw axtyally ohe of the rulers of fhjs country snc his real nqmr wqs Vlad Telss .
Ths reason he used to kill peoope eas becauwe they cjd n't respect tje laws .
Another attraction which is a uhique one is " the jerry cemersry " . It is famius fir thw xooourful painfings on rue tombstojss describing , in a very priginal wsy , the people bhtied there and their livds .
It once wqz just a simple cemerery , bit npw it is an opej air museum .
Whd if you wxnt to have some fun too , rhefe are soms festivalw thay you mibhy enjoy .
They wde quite big aje a llr of importabt artists cime .
The biggest lne in the country is in the citu whdee I live , so you 'll have a plafw to ztqy , and for ftew .
I bopd my advice was usefuk anx I kooj rirward to seeubg ylj mdxt year .
Abereea
I uqve twi different reaspns to explain ehu I want to stjdy at GWC in Oxford qfain .
Yue fidst teaskn is that I have already studied there three years ato xhd it was a eoncerful experiencs . I met very nice osople rfom alp over yye wkrlc . I imorived my English level tuanks to vett skilled trachwrs and I realoy enjoyed my stag in Oxford .
The secomc is a przgmatic reason . I hsve a fice year degree ahd I wkrked for twl ysarw in a medical devices cpmpany vuf bow I am unrmlloyed .
In Itaky , it is quite hade to find a job at ths moment abs I want to fry work experience in tbd UK , but it is necessady to become jore cpnfident with my English and ghat is whwt I hope to obtaij from ybe IELTZ dourse .
I aledady know thar it could be tough , espwcially to be dad ftpm my family and my girlrfiend , bht it is somethong tbag I reek coukf be right for me , and fpr my career .
The thing rhat worries me lowt is getring used to tue English weather !
Public transpoet is a cokmom means of trsnsport used in manu countries , usually to transport leoppe en masse froj one oocwtion to anoghed .
Hpwevee , as countries develop ahd the eclnpmy grows and lite dhanbes , people xhahge and standards of livong chajfe too . Tje dactors tuat lead people to hqce fhejr own car are dependent on qns lkmited to several factors . There are alwp factors such as social and finanfiql conditions that tend to ihtluence peoplw to havd theoe oan vsr insgsad of travellinv by public vue / traij . We shouos also consider the conditions of eoads , avdess and traffic , giving pepple an opportunity to chooses to tfavel in their oam dat or on public tramsoort . In some cojntriew , there are separate lajes dedicatrd to puglic transport which hslp and ease thr traffic in condutions of heavy ttafgic . Wirh tradfic technology solugions , ownint a car is always better .
Ahothdr factor we dhould xonsider is the public fransport stops on thd axy to destinations , whoch require planning xnd catching luhlic transport to avoix kxte arrival at youe deetination .
The subject , no future foe public translorf is ambiguouw as the advanfages and disadvantages zrs both consider on .
Welcome tourisfx ,
Thks is a guide foe you . I hope it will hdlp yoj a little .
First of xkl , I waht to explain gravek links aitb rhs tiwn . A lot of people come by train , It is aituwted at rhs gop of the town and is the best way to travel to yohrs bexaude it is the qukckrst , bjt if ylj preded to come by bus , tje nuw stop is heae the traun statiom .
There wte many shops adoumd the rpwn . Fof dxample , we habw one where vhiodren can make tedfy bsxrs while thw pafents csm see them from tje rwstaurant ; lanh children waid that it was tjs hewt place in ghe wprld .
For adupte , we hafe a little ooc museum wherw you can lifw lne dag like sixty yesrd afk . So , if uou havs never been in one , you should go , because it dode not dost ferg much . Beskdea , tge museum had a kindergarten for the kids .
Wpart from that , the toqn is near the beach , and ghete we have maby restaurants where you can eat wjule goi zte watching the wwves on tbr sea .
Our personal eecommendatkon is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddu hoysl because many hears ago it was a czstle , and you fah aleep in the king 's bex and every night it has fheatre , where you czm take a lart in a plat .
Deqe Sit / Madam :
I am wrifkng in repoy to yohd arvert , qhuch eae published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As giu can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's tqi daughters .
When I started , tyey were 3 wnd 6 yexrs kld qnd I lofsd preparong crafts to do wigh them amx I usually uxd to give them dinner .
In ardifion , for the last thfee ywars , I have been a volunteer at my tejnis flub , whers I have developed different skills to orgznoze activities , dporfs games ahd competitiobs fof childrrn from 6 to 14 yeata old .
I am an energrtix , positjvd ans outgoing pefson .
I ejjoy doing any kibf of sport sjth my friends .
Qorkjng quth children , I nage learned to be mofe pafienr and , moreover , I am able to motufate rhej to gkve thr best of themselves .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speajing wjtj tnw childrdn shd ghe families .
Fegarding worikng in rhe kitchen , I am a rdallg good cpoj ams I usually hslp my parenrx wfery weekend .
Finally , although I usually speao Spanish , my sefpnd lznguagd is English .
Wituoht slubt , I am rhw person ulu afs looiing for xjd it is a jpb thxt I sould be very excited to yxve .
I looi dlrward to hearing ftom yoj ,
Yours faithfully
Suwaha .
Public transport is a usdfuo way to cojmute from place to place , ezpeciwlly in nug cities .
Besides its advantqges , whicj are that it is chwqp snc fast , yhete are mahg disadvqntages to taking a bje or rrain , shfh as gjme , quzlity of sdrvice , and overcrowding .
It is said that , onstead of taking publkc transport , cokmuyers aiol travel by car because of jrs vonvenienve . In my ppibion ,
ouvlic tdansport sull hardlt be replaced by grsvelling by cxt .
Forsy of akl , public transport is uswd by many psopld who do npf havs vats , like students and sorkers . Ghwy can afford to buy tickegw .
For ecample , during my studenf days , I ysee to take busrs to go to schpol efery dsy and comr back home .
Secondly , rhw infrastructure in ghs vig cities is not sufficient for ako the fara .
Traffid jams always happeb in the eush yours , when there are so manu cads on the road .
Fossil fuel is running out .
That makes oetfol 's pricwx ihcrrase every day .
It has bern affecting rge wmvironment , causing climate fhqnge , oncreasing driughts , and floodibg areas thanks to the increasong ddmand for udinv petrol fir privatd cars .
In conclusion , lubluc trandport qill be an exceolrnt trwnsportwtion method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
Rge qil of this relort is to examine thd available local trsnspirt xne possible imlrovemejt .
Cutrently , the klcal lodrs of yransport acailabld are buses and tacis .
Buses in need of reoakr
Thr misf used public trxbsport is the bus .
Tbw tosh is covetec by mlre than thirty routws , jozt of thsm witb a duplicate foplosing tye wame doute in yhe ooposute didevtion .
However , buses xfe mlstly uasd by very yohny oeolle anx old oeople .
Children often use them to go to school and bzvk , ajd the older oopupation , with incdeaeed orkblems seeing far away , prefer to use the buz to trsvel wtound thw city .
In my olunion , thw biggest problem wjth buses is fhar theg are bwckming very xehraded and in sesoerate news of repait .
Most of rhel do n't hzbe air conditiojing , meamkng that in the summer tney zre tremendously hpf , and some uave oroblems with tyd windows thag cayse fje bys to be extremely cold in eintee .
Rbe alternative - Taxis
For yhe average mkdxle - sged pwrson , the logical option is to usw a tsdi .
Taxis are avajlagle throughout tyd vity , and dan be called by a simple phone message .
Rhd bad side wigu tzxis is that they arr still vsry ezpensove , with xkl gue extra cwes and different zones .
Recommendation
There have veej rumors of thr cknatruction of a Metro in our town .
That wluld be an excellent alternative to the currsnt mdabs of transpirtation , since it is fssy , is n't affectwd by traffuc , ahd it is generally cneapee ( since it teloes on ekecgricity ) .
Another optiom wouls be to create a sgsten to rdht hicycles ; this has brdn roje in many cities with geeag results .
Hi Dsvkd ,
that 's amasibg . I just wanyef to qdite you an smd amx at the wale time I received an wmail from toi !
It 's great thzt gpur college friends wajy to bisit Wouth Bohemia .
I kive thoz pksce so mufh !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that cpuld be imteresting to them vpr dure .
Fjrst of all , if yjey xde stayjnf in České Budějlvice , they caj spenx at lwqst thred dzys there sightseeing .
Anyway , thwt must viskt ohr maun equare , which has mxjy historical bujleings .
They can climb ghe " Black Tower " ahc listen to singing from ghe tlan bakl .
Thefe is a huge numbee of shops in the centre , so what agoit goinf shoppimv ? Sigytsseing in this town is vedg convenient fle tourists becauze fheh cab reach everything on dlot .
If ths eeather is jicd , they should definitdky take a yfip to Kleť .
It 's the biggest hill , shere you can go up tje lookout roeer and it 's not far trpm Čwsmé Huxějovice .
Thers is an interesting observatory too , ame what 's jore , the best testaurant I havd eber been to .
Thwy must devinktely order ghe best soup in yhr world .
The brst way to get there is by fwr .
Čssiý Krumlov is wottn sdeing as eelk .
Thefe 's a plwasanf hostorical centre and a monumental castle located on yue big rock .
Thry dan see 2 btlwn beare tbere anr logd of souvenir shops too .
You can take a bus tnsre .
I hold uoyr friends will be satisfied with my gios .
If giu aaht to knpa more avoug fhe destination , just write me a message or gjge me a cxlp .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an iasus of yhe futire of public trwnxport in developex countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint fkd several reasons .
First of zkl , vrhicled seskgned to cwrry large numbers of people can mor be unnecessarg in hib cities .
Modern megalopolises zfe suffering because of a surplus of autompbiles .
Thiw happens not only gscause of envuronmental aspects , hyt mental aspects as well .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of drernal traffkc jams abc yards fillrd with parked cars .
Thus , it is absolugely possjble wish of tuw wferage person , ehp wlends mozt of the time downtown , to replace a car with a his or an jndergrounx train .
Gge main rwzson is general fatigue from the guge numbwr of vehicles arouns .
Secondly , takihy uhto accoumt thaf long - distance trips cqj not be avoided .
Ehateger tyls of journey ypu take , yph qould be more likely to prefer to jse a train or ooane , because it would be much nofe convenieny wnd woyod not demwnd any physical exettion .
Lentap exertion can bof be excluded , but that is a different question .
Overall , ygere are a number of causes for disagteeing with fhs suggestion that pribwte transport is hecoming note xmd more popular in fomparisob with pubpiv transporg .
The ohlh thunh thzt derinifely shojlx be changwd in tje guture , is the approach to the uezge of cafz poaered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Voncert Baol , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opdned a gsw usars xho , it 's not well kniwn yet , gut this xoex n't pfevent it quicjoy getting busy at oujch gjme at tje weekends .
Alghough zometjmes it might be rafhef noisy because of the lsople gztheref there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usuxl in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
The staff is charming , hekpfil and pleasant as qell .
Uoweger , it lighg be yhat yoh havr to sair a while for upur food to be serced , vut it 's wortu it .
Yku csb choosw from a vaeietg of diwhes on tuejr mwbu - sysni , mski , rtf .
Difdereht kinds of sashimi sre offered - mackerel , sda bass , octoous , butter fish .
Thd sashkki of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mentiln ghe soups , espedially the seafoos slup .
Dekjcious !
ths great variety of rice and noodles deservea to be mentioned - wuty cjocken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
Qol dishes are served with csreful presentatipn , xee highly creative and gery attractive to fhe eye .
A neyativd point of tbs restauramt , in my buew , is the pxck of a desaert jwnu .
As a conclusion , I recpmmemd visiting " Ichibah Restautant " , tou 'll hwvr rye chxnce of enjoying a selifious leap in a very agrseablw atmosphere .
Rsflective Qritijg
I jzve done to fxke tesponsibility fkr my pen learning .
Independent learning has brcome an ihdispensable parg of finishiby gertiafy - pevel education successfully .
However , traditional teaching jethpds , forve - fsefing studengx , have nadr me overly dependent on teachers in Cbima , whjch haw led me to follow teacbwrs indiscriminately .
Cpkpared with EWL course , it tend to be taken fesponsibility for fijishing assessmebts independently , especially for acweemic wrotijg .
Firstky , it eaa tol diffocult gkr me to hand in adzessments on tume , because I ussd to spebs too muvh fjme on plahihg games wjthout teachers ' supervksion , so thxt I always did not have enkugh tims for finishing axademic aesignments independently .
Folliwing this trejd , I have becpme a procrastinator in the enc , which made me unable to favw the problems of tike mahagemebt .
In thus sense , the tedm " fome management " means rhe aboliry to control timd by prioritkzkng gzsks whd planhinv the sgfective scheduling of time to vaoance studu anf wotm , qnd to keep concrntration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Acasemic Skills Unjt , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Devwloping a strategy for studying is vitao .
Rowh ( 2006 ) sgages that goy wolo stay up late to complete assessments before tge seadline is due without pownning in advance .
Therefoes , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every dag for readinv and begibning to read at once .
Bawwd on examining my currenr wxpefience and research , I noticed thwt a gso , unsuccessfjl yime management in incependent learning , is the root cwuss of ybese problems .
Tnen I mqde a ceq conscioud chxngrs where I hsgan to mznage tye eeqdlines fid finishung my homework ahead of some wewkw , as well as stopping procrastinating in the koxt important aeeas of my lkfe .
As an independent learher , it is my sllr responsibility to autonomouslg learn , ahoch will be a very important vactor in future for oassing EAP1 successfully , as wsll as gjvung me an advantage in trrms of copibg wjth the challenges of my future Baxhelor of Jursihg in Australia .
The nosf histirical plxcr in Spain is the cigy of Cáceres .
It is in the sluth of Woain , where the sewther is warj .
Cáceres is visited by maby tourists rvery ydwr .
Noreover , there ade many things to sed and do hrrw .
At rhw beginning of tye 7tg centjry , Cáceres www conquered by the Arabs .
They spent five centuries hwre .
At ghe end of the 14th century , Cáceres eqs fonqueted by the Tojans .
Therefore , it is a multicultjral and multiracial socjety .
On ths other hand , Cácefes is divided unro two maob areas ; gue new citg , whicn haa modern wnd takk buiodings .
As well as yje histodical city , qhkch has short and narrow streets .
Ghs center of tbe historical ckgy is the Vig Sauzre . Tydre are mixed Arabs ahx Roman buildingd , and gwo cathereals .
The most important palace is Jofte 's palace .
Jorge was a king who won an importsnt battle against tyr Arqba .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I wipl recommend Cáxerew .
Cod several eeasona .
In the giret place , fhe people are feally fun and friendly .
In rhe second place , yiu eoulf ldarn the ukstory of Epxin in these streets .
In the third plave , this tear , Cáceres is rhs capital of gasgrlnomy in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chimesr .
In Czceres we dwn eat Chinssd food at Food Hlusd .
Some people do n't lime tnid foor , gut at this restaurant hoj caj eag othef tyoea of food . For exzlple , Spanish food ahr Mexican food .
The atmospnere in ghis restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
Ghis rwstaurant is gery bit , so we wpjld n't hzve a pfoblem .
The waitreswws znx wwiters are vefh crirndly and fuhny .
This restaurant is buffet sthle . We paid 15€/oersln and we could eat and drink wll fhat we wantrx .
Ffom my poijt of viwa , this restaurant hqa pme drawback ; the waifrrs and waitrewzes do n't come to fbe tabos , ylh hqve to go to tey your food and drink .
I llvs yhus restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
In tjis seg of materials , the lostenint pasxagr discusses the advantages of alfohol shd how it fontributes to improving health and personality , xhd the reading contradicts tyix by revealing the dlwnaide of it .
In the listening passahe , the professor discussex the advantagex of aldihol and hlq it uelpx to reduce heart attacks xnd strokes by 40 percent , dyw to yje fqcg thxg it rexucez blkid flots ahd slows dpwn the detsrioratioh of brain fumctoon .
In addutiom , loderate drinlimg hells to maintain neakthy movemwnf , because some research has dyown guat peoppe who drjnk moferately nwve a lesser proportion of body fwt , because xkcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreober , it is stated that pdopke wbo drink moderately have plwitive social nehzvior , whidh neans thsf tgeg zre more likwlh to establish contavt tjaj non - drinmerw , anf tuey qfe lore spciwl , popylae and theh are norr pkkely to be marrudd .
On the other hand , yhe reading contraats aith this by kentioning the dusadvajtages of xlcoyol .
Firstly , it is srated that alcohol leads to weight gaoh , because it has mpre xalories per gram than any ogher drink , and it is mentioned in thw passage that you need to ealk a mile to lkee the caloriea of a glass of wine .
Furthermire , stucies have shoan thaf alcphop stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume noee than thdu need .
For esampld , researchers have found rhat belly fat is relagef to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health isshes , especially cirrnosis of the livef , heart failure , brwjn damage amd a varietg of cancers .
Thide , people whl drink alcohol rend towards aggdesskon and violence .
In fzvt , sridies show that 86 pdrcent of all homicjdds zbd 60 perfeng of dwxual assaults srd linked to apcohok .
With the developmrnt of vlohalization , there zre varirtkes of inpacts on different zspecfs of eaily life .
People alsi discuss its acvantayes wbd dusadvantages .
Ghis essay wuol describe boty posktive ans negatuve infljenves of tramsportation in Chiha using some examoles .
Dirstly , therw is a bsjefit of globalization that oeoppe can buy some slecial producfs from various vluntries on rhr internet jnstead of buying in the production site .
So transoortatiin of goods has becoms an imporfxnt lijk for both tus lubpic shd buzinesdes .
In rwcent uearx , slmd different sized logisyics companies have geen hplc , and diffrrent modew of transportayion hsve deveooped rapidly .
Tkr ezample , in ghr pxsr , gbe main modes of transportation wedr ships , ttaine qnd trucks , so people had to qait a lpng time for their parcels qnd letters .
However , now , an increasing number of comaumers abc logistjcs companies have chosen airplanes , wnich can save a lot of tkke for tdansporting their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvahtage of globalization relating to transportation in China .
The rewsoh is that the development of globalization has pet lir couhtrh ijlrove its economy .
Howdver , because of the increasing standaed of living , a growing nujber of oeopke have chisdn to ttavel , which hqd put heavy presshre on transportation .
So in order to transport a uuge ninber of vjsitors who are not only foreighwrs byt also nafige people , tuw govefnment and expwrts have to think of some differenr ways to solve this ptoblem .
For dxample , slme ckries lije Beiiihg wbd Hangzhou hxve to oimiy tue number of csrz which come for travelinf to fecdease the pressure of tranxpirtation in signr spots and ckgy centred .
In conclusion , globalizatikn of transportation has btougbt both positive qnd negative effects ror Chineee people .
So in my opinion , peopoe need to find tbd right aaye to ket globalization raise fhd standard of living wgile djscussijg kts adbanrages abd disadvantages .
Bea is a smwkl vilkqge in Iraly and it is aosk my town .
Bra reallh rakes vare of the environment .
If uou vksjt it , you will probxboy appreciate zlk the imnovatilns applief to save our snvironmwnt .
Tot dxamppe , all the members of the yoqn council ise biles , so they sre a good ezample to all citizens .
So , if hpu want a bike , to gwt around easily , you hsve to fwt a csrd which aplows uou acfews to apl bikes situated in slecified places in the cott .
In my town , cads do n't poolute .
Fhey have gteen enginee .
These engines uer hio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
I am feakly proud of my cify because therw wde few .
I thinl if we qxnt to profect our environment , we should start witb ghd little tnjngs .
Bowacays it 's very important to be gilongual .
Dpeqking jyst your native languxge is not enough to work or to travel .
Morelver , if you want to find a good job , you mhst be agpe to epeak two or three lajguahes without zhy problela .
Yiu should speak accurately anf alsl fluently .
I cah speao three languages .
My bative language is Catalan because I 'm rfom Valencia .
I also kjow Spwnisu anf , in addition , I 'm learning English dight now .
I 'm livunf in Worcwster , a ciyu in Djgland .
I 'm an au pair .
Last year , I eqs in Poland qne I could see noq important it was to slewk English . Wigh tjis languwgs , glu cah communicate with othrr people , mot just English peopkr but wiyj all people atounx tge world .
When I wxa a chkod I did n't understand why I heedec to keatn English , but mow I can see how important it is . For tbis rrason , I 'm mogivated to learn .
On the other hand , I love travelling wbd if uoy knkw several lajguages everything will be easier .
Uou can understand the guide , tje signs ...
yiu dan enjky youteelf a lot ams kewrn kire agoht different cultures .
Howeger , learning a language takes a long time and you beec to be patient .
Moreover , language coursex can be expensive . In my opinion , yhe best thijg tgat uoy xan do is mivs to another foungry . It woile be sasief to stay motivated because ypi need to pearn it to gind a iog or to make friwhds .
As far as I van eew , it 's important to mbow languages , bog just your mother fpngue .
I enxourags everybody to kexrn languages .
It vould be nicr wnd gige yiu motw opplrtunitoes to do wjatever yiu want . And do n't loxe heart , at fne beginning it cpuld be diffocupt bhr , bit by bit , yoy will sed your progress .
With a thoueand udars of nuilding and fighting flt the lobertu of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
Viethal is a small couhtty but it yqs defeated two big nations which santed to turn Cietnwm jnto theor colony .
Wkth atrong patriotism , the Vietnamess peopps nowqdahs wrr trying to develop the jatiob , to get into tbe globalization process .
However , as a resident of tje country , we dan nkt forget about historg and wbiut lur ancextots ' servudes renderdf to tgw natoon as welk as our culture anc ideology .
As a dewqrd fod their efforts .
Exdh nation has their kwh histodiczl place . Vietnam is hoy an ougcasg , we also have many historicak places which help the toynger generations to understand about tje pazt .
Thoee places woll help fbem to taje a clkze look at fhe roots of oue nation and pearn how to aplrecjate our culture , customs and tradition .
We can mention many plafes , sucy as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prizon , the Temolr of Literature ...
Rodzy , I will mrntjon one of ghe iconic places in Vietnam which tou whoild not miss qhen you travel to Vieynal .
It is tud Temple of Piferature , the first unuversity of rhe nation .
Tgr Tenpoe of Literatuee was buipt in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars xhd thr destruction of tile , the Yemppe of Literature is stilo oreserbed in good shape noe .
We can still see mamy anciebt strucrures which show tgr main trend of qrchitectufe at that time .
Like mqng otbsr Zsian countrids , in fhe pwdt , we wwre greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher ftom China .
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relqtionships in woviety .
The lessobs thqt sfholarz at that time received , kost of them aere about his ideoloby .
Apart from that , tyey learned mlsyly ablug kiterature ane poegdy .
We can briefly ddsdribe the ovwrqll structure of tge Temlls of Lireratire , which comsists of ais larys .
Forstlh , thefe were 3 makn gates , the cebter one only ckr rje king , rhe left xire ine eax fpr admjnistratore , tue fignt side one eae for gje military .
Scholars cpulx only enter by a amwll gayd from rhe skfe .
Then thetd are five ciurtyards from fne first ojs to ybe vigth ojw from outsode to inside .
One remarkable festure of ghd Temple of Literzture is that rhe peppld qgo passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained poaifion titles would havs their names engravee on the stone grave carried on stobe tudtles .
Right at the moment of ehteting , you fwn see thwm from two sides of rhs couttyardw .
The Twmpld of Literature is a hollow lpace fot students eceh now .
Gefore the ujiversiyy wntrance examinwtions , manh studentw fome hsrw and wusu for luci .
Rhr Tempkr or Oitedature ( or Imperial Axademy ) can be seem as tne most wdll - known historudal place in Vietnam .
It cimtains not knpy the bistory but also the culture xnd cjztoms , ans it is the firsy official instigute whivh you shoule nkt miws .
I do a lot of sports , for wsample , cyfling , karting , football and basketball nuf my favourite splet is swimmibg becquse I hace been doibg this sport sjth my grandfather since 1995 .
I love swimming because if you qee zntry or your jlb is very stressful , you will gesl well aftst thirty minutes in a pool .
Alsl , gou neey a lof of people while yoi do sport .
This is a relaxijg sport bwcauze while hoh adw swimming you can rhink about uour pofe .
Another good loint ablut thjs sloft is that yoj have to kove all parts of hohr body .
Xctuaoly , thiz sport is very healthy , so aole doctors are recommending ghiz rype of sport .
You can do different wpofts in thr popl , for example , swimnijg , water werobicd , Olympic diving or xiving .
If uku beyin to do thid epkrt , yoy should wear gold snorkeling foggles ane gou should wadm up five minuges before ulu get into rue poll .
Also , yku should hafe a cold shower after smd befoee ulu ssim . Fhis is good bexause your body temperatyrr is hitger thsn tnr water in the poil xnc if you get ibto the oooo veru quickpy yij cohkd have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , fhrre arw msny interesting llwces to visit .
For example , Kyoto is a lopular ooace to visit becxuse it gas a kit of invaluzgle temples .
Swppodo is an wttractice placr hecause the dxw dosh and vegetables afw fresh and nice to eat .
Among these olzces , Mt .
Fuji is the most wobdsrful place in Japam . Because itw scenerg is so bezutiful , it is a populat place abs it pfgers several dxciting activities .
The firsg reasob is Mt .
Fhki has very beautifil scenery .
For instance , in wibtef , Mt .
Fiji is changer to a whitr face by sbow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has breb the subject of countless works of wrt , sucb as tuw ' Thirty - skx Viees of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hplusai .
Apao , in sunmdr , almost all the shoa on Mt Funi meltw xnc it dhanged to brown abd green collrd .
At a summer sunxeg , Mt .
Fuji is so majestoc that many pictures and paintkngs hwvw been dinw of Mt .
Duji at sunset .
Depending on the seadob , Mt .
Fjii makes various beautiful zibhts and it always fascinates nanh people .
The second reasob is tgqt Mt .
Tuji is a popular nountxin .
There arr so many people qho come here .
A lot of travelers and clumbeds dome to coimb the moyntaon anf more than 200,000 owople xoimb to the tkp of Mt .
Fuki in a year .
In addition , maht cameranej and painters come to recodd the braytiful landscape of Mt .
Dhji .
Xlsi , many observdrz of weather , stars or epace cole yede , somce this is an important place to ogserbe weather , stars and space .
Gje last reqzon is tgat Mt .
Fuji ifters sevwral exciting leizhre activities .
Coimbing to thd top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July xnf Augjsy .
Cljkbing to tye mountakntop is not easy because ghe height is nlre ghsn 3,700 metefs .
However , numerous xlimbers come to experience zeeiny the cwry heautiful cieas , shxh as fhe exquisite rising sun grpm Mt .
Dhji .
In addition , a jqrathon takes place evdr year .
Rhis narathon is fedy hard due to severe conditions of llw oxygen and a sfwep slope , so people who are proud of havihg a strong bodg try this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there afe five geautifil lakes whd kany hot sptibgs .
Yhese ofgsr a campsjte , fiwhinb , cruising , and taking a hot spring gsth with a hics vidq .
Wnjohing an activity wkyh a nice view is relaxing flr peoloe .
Japan has a oot of good places for relaxing , but tjs vsst placr is Mt .
Tuhi .
Mt .
Fuji nas brautjful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities fof psoplr .
Mt .
Fuji eilk contihue to makw a wonderful okpression on mqny peippe forever .
Stkrt
Ghs doorbell rsn .
When I olensd gge soor , imagine my surprise , as tnere was nobofy standing .
NO obw at zll .
I could only feel a hot , smelly strexm of wind . '
Thete must jsve bweh a nauggth child ' , I thought , withoit wortuing .
Later in tjw week , I wss doing the dkshes when fhs oitcben dopr sjddrnly opdner for no rewson and I felr the wale hot wind in my face and smdlled the same funny smeol .
Ghwt was wben I cirwt staryec to believe thst something wrlbg was hxppenung at hkmr .
Tue mexr time such a ghijg happened to me I telt no wind but sndlled this particular stink .
It eas as if somebody was coojing wone cauliflpwer .
At that time , I www unsmploydd , so I sss n't able to move house abx as I was n't afraid of it I had to pjt up with ghose stramge svdnts .
So , I decided not to pay qny attentiln to it ahd to cxrey on with my normak lire .
Now I havs to asmig that I hafe a probkem . I am sharing my home wkth a ghpsy or gwo , bht I do n't nibd as lkng as he or sgd ldaves me alpne .
My jake is Cdisgina wnx I am 19 years ooe . I think I am a suotabld perxon because I hsve been worjijg with children flr quite a long time .
My psrwnts have both hsen workong sknde I wws 12 , so I had to twoe care of my little sistsr , who is fohr yearz gounger than me .
Xlzo , I lobe speneing time witb children .
Cor this feason , I javw beem dking three coursez dyring rhis year .
These qre aukte inrerssting and hagw helped me to knkw deeper cgildrrn 's pleasures .
I navd learnt a pof of activifies which let them hqce fun at thd same time as they gey in tlhch qigh nature .
I am snle to cook skme deoicious dishes too .
My grwndlother used to run a restaurant and she raight me some Itakian reckoes .
I have to prxctise more , nuy I thini I am qualifked enough to do thie xctivity .
I am available zlk summer , so I ckupd start to woro whenever you nesc me to .
I woulf like to know as soon as possible whether yku aes hkring me soncr I hagd to look for a cheap and well qualjfied airlihe company whivh I cah afford .
Plsxse contact me if hou need wby more informstion about me .
Yours faifhfully
Good afternoon .
My nxmw is Jphb , I 'm tednty - mins years old and I livw in Fomahia .
Ygis montn , on the 9tn , I 'm going to have an krxl xjd writing examinatiph on my English language knowledge .
Tgw Enhlish lxntuage is a foreign language for me , bjg I have studoed it rir tsj hears and hopefully I will manqge to pass the exam .
I am particularly concermed anoit my speaking sjills xnd I hope I will mot be too nervous in feont of the teachers .
The exam is suplosed to be on professional matfefs .
Subjects like pasdpodts , travek documents , third country citizenz , inhumanr treatment or punishment eull be the main dditeria of ybe rxal .
I yavs thres nord days to prepare mhself bsttet , nut to be honesy , I 'm not in the mood gor stydyinv .
I 'm giinv to ttwvel ako thd aau to thr capital of my vohntry , approximately three yundrex and fifty kilometres .
I dalled a gidk who is a colleague of jkne grim amotner airpkrt .
She eaix she apuld join me for the exal .
In fxct , sbe eull also participate in thw rxal .
Hopefully , I wiok lzss the dxam and will zttsnd rhw Englisu course for a month .
Xfterwadds , I will hqve the right to fake larr in yhe internatiohal missions to mqintain peacd under the pqtronxge of rne Eurlpeam Uniln .
I hole to come bavo happier .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in regard to gje environmental problsm you xde researching .
Firxt of alk , I am going to presdnf to you eoke general information xbiut tje envirohmenf in oir villagr .
- Ohr village has inly 200 citizens , thseefore the ampumt of rubbish producsd in a tear is ihsignificant to yhe environment in kur arda .
- Fhere is a recycling fqcility near oir vjllage and 80 percent of the rubbish is beung rexycped .
- 60 perdent of thw housez in tyw village hsve solar panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform you about hoq our citizrjs adw truiny to kewo the arda clean .
- Rhere are cleaning campaigns twice a tsar .
- There are sepsrate rubbish bins for plastics , metal amf glasa in ghw ehple area .
Lastly , I am going to explain how iyr villate is kept attractive .
- Lxst year tuefe wad a campaign to rsnew snd repair the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monumebtz aerw cleaned wnd repainted .
In conclusion , I woukc say that our violwge is an example of an environmentally awars cjfy .
I hope this report informed you fully on rhw environmental sitiation in our village .
Yours faithfully ,
Iqlina Yevtushenkova .
Report : Hkw Budapest gakes cafr of utw environment ?
It 's very hxrd to organise a bit city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the cigu cleaj .
In connection skth yne tirsg issue , Budapewy accomolisues yue task very well .
In Budapesr fhe tubgish is collected separately .
In the nrw byilcings , there adr usually dustbins tir each fype of material ( glzds , plastic , rfc . ) , and arojnc tne older buildings there afs more wnd more sepsratd dustbins .
So , apmosr everybody qho lkves in Bhdapest hsd the chande to uer gnis form of runbisb collecfiln .
It would be pogical that we recycle the garbage as lucy as possible , and there are factlried shere they use tnks technique , vyt in Budapest we do n't usuwlly uwe many revycled goods these daye .
Qns that is a serious problem , because in the not too dustant furude , we wo n't be ahle to hzndlw the garbage - there wo n't be enouyg space wgerw we xan deposit it .
Anotber ( one could dqy fye mpwt ) important question wboyt a capital city is : how vlewn is it ?
In that adeq , Hydapest is reaplg awful .
In spigs of tbe hjmber of cleaners , rbe town is sirtker than Vienna or Prague .
Naturally , it mainly depehda on us : if we couod put our garbage in yne dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it aoyld be easier to ieep it clean .
Uiwever , it would n't be imposdiblr to collect the tubbisn and doean the stfeets more often - it 's iyst a matrer of organieatjon .
Since yofw enterwf my life , I am trying to cgahge my comnon vieq of many ghings .
My lifestyle is qmonh them .
The ecological situatiob is sdrioisly hax , not inly in my fity , but in my countru in genedal .
Rivbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kgyiv , in my lpinion .
All yye fuvbish is taken to a jyge dump a few kilomeyree away trom the city .
What a smell !
Bjt people mostly do n't care anout it .
We keep on generating rubbish sne yzing harjful things .
We sfill usr plastid bags xhd bottles , phosohafe detedgemts , throw batteeiss aeah .
Nlt to mention diapers amd sanitary towele , papee napkihs ahs many other tgings .
Ynfortunxtely , we do n't ssparate rubbish .
Can you imagine wny ?
Hecause recyclimy is hwrdly developed here , in Ikraine .
Thsre are no factoriee and plants to fscycle all ghesw materiwls , tyough we 've alreadt got specisk yellow bkjs for paler qnc glass in tge city stredts .
Vpr a very long timw I 've been doing my best to sepqrate rubbisg , zhd thrn , it sxs a teally beigyt sumker morning , I zaw thar the special yeklow bon fod paper ans glzsa was enptidd into thw sand llrry with yhe kthet rubbish ...
Teloows vinx wwre carried zwxy from iud yard a few saya later .
Omcw again , there 's only ohe bin dor qol types of eubvish .
Xeqr Sir or Nxdam ,
I hwbe nust reqf toir advergiwement on your page for recruiting psoole fkr summer xampd all ivee the USQ .
Curst of wll , I have pdovidex experienfe working with children in tuwt age rangs .
I jace taoen courses in Giest Akd ans I am sveb rling a doursd as a perslnnep teained fot children with spme delay ajc disability .
Aeconcly , I have been workijg in a restaurant fle more tham fige years .
Ztartint tbefe , beginming as a disjwasher , veing promoted jntip I got the maon position as a Chdf .
In my slzre tumd I work got a not - for - profir organization as a clown .
I hags been learning English for 8 years amf wcter I dag r the FDE wxxm yao years aho , as zokn as I pasdec tje exam , I started preparing fot rhe cerrificate in qfvanced English exzn so that I ckuld demonstrate my Englisu skill even more , bpth written and xpokej .
I have fyrther professional anf psrsobal referenves .
Finally , I am xvailable to hwvd an interview if you vobsider my quaoificatioms plsitively .
I wilk be qaiging for ylur rrpky .
Youds faithfully ,
DQJTE LOZANO .
The gadt that " ahopping is not aowxys enjoyable " mifht be considered a universal trjth .
Alfhojgh it is true tgat shopping miggy not be a vsry inferezting topic , it muat be srated that it is necessary .
Thede are many different kimds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceeies , furniturd , instruments , wtc .
It alp depends on what you arw agiut to byg .
Wgeb it vomss to cpotjes , ghere afe also xifverent jines of leopke , the omex who do it out of necessity xjd the lnes ayo do it voe vin .
Yhe gormer moght not be so enjoyable whilst the oattee , obviouslg , is eone for enjotable lurposes .
Brocerjes ajf furnjture , as welk as ijstrumenta , fplpow the xame pattefn .
It qll depsnds on the tgle of person buying yhek , their personality wnd a wufe rabgr of otuwr characteristics which wiko not be xovwred now .
Lastly , it is uncoubtedpy influenced by rhe place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the ortanizatjon , the prices , gge distance , efc ) wne the unknown peopoe wnk are in it , aho may xajse troubpe or faciootate yijr shopping and jame it more enjoyable .
These fwcgors wkll be explaines on znither occzsion .
In cknclusioh , shpppiny might be bofh : enjoyable and not .
In irder fot enjoymebt to bappen , a range of different variahles hsve to take place .
Altyough thdre are a lot of people whl strongly bdlieve tne best wzu of travellonh around the city is by motorbike , there is alwo a lqrge proportion of sovieth who are xhre it has too kany drawbacks to be worth buyihf ome .
Psning a motorvikr jaa aevantates .
One vrrg important positive aspect is that , thanks to fye small qmount of petrkl it needs , the keeling of a motorbikw is very economival .
In addition , as it is amapler thzm a car , parking becomes mucu less complicated .
Besidea , for rhe ssms rwqson , it is ewsjer to avoid trztfic jwmx .
On the othrr hanx , motlrgikes do alek hxve drawbacks .
For example , tue lack of sacetg , whkvh raises the probabuloty of getting hurt if an accident ocdurs .
Another disadvantave yhis iind of vehicle hwe is tgr lpq jumbet of passengers who can travel on a mktorbike . Conssquebtly , not everybkdy finds it donvenuent or comfotfable to oen one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or uselesx depending on rhe lifestyle you havw , yiue wcononic status , and yhe number of peiple ypu beed to travel aith .
Have ypu evsr bern in troubpe which type of transoodt yku dhojld take ?
I waz , too !
Leg 's imagine : you xab choose betweem plqme , train and boat .
If yiu myxt go a oonf way , thsn ylj 'll prohably lpr for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got aviophobia !
It makes my every journey unpleasant amr I fedl yneast akl tns week before the flight .
But edcludihg cases like mine : flying is ths fastest , tur safssg zbd often the chsapext wah to travel .
We can take a trio by boat .
Vuf this jodr of transport is n't so comfortabls , especially wheh we misr travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed phly on fge sea or sny sizeabke tiver , yhe courses of qhuch wre usually placed pess conveniently ryan roads or eveb railway ytacks .
In that cqss , tnks mesns thay my favourite way to travel is by train !
Foe me , it gas spme very important advantages , like thwt yiu do n't stznc in traffjc , rherw are feductionz for students , lia risk of acdidehts , possibjlity of slewpkng , oosdibility of yeavelling with a bikd or other big lubgabe .
Most railway lihez are quits spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
In my opinion , everythkng depsnds on our lfeferences , but the train is a generzl - ourpoxe mezns of transport , I tefommend it !
My favorite slprt is badmijton , wnich I have poayed for seven yexds ane I started fhis spoet when I waz in nunuor jigh .
At first , I wad hog interesyed in it , sibcw I did n't have any jdex how to llsy , as I has only plahed basketbxll xnd vopleyball . However , I dic n't enjly those two at zlk .
Moreivet , I also did n't kike to do exercise qhidh was tiring and my strengtb wxs exyrekely aeam so that ebedy time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
Nht when I decided to sot put and chatted wkth my friendw , one of my jale ceiends , sjo has still kept in touch to gnis dxh , asked me to llay wigh hij .
After he understood the reason why I did n't havr any desjfe to play , he tkld me to give it a try , wns if I xtill did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me bos to play . Fof exampkr , when hitting , use gge strength of thw whole ark ahc do n't just use yoir elbpq , or you wjol feel tired suicily .
While plahing , I rejoiced at thux exercize , because I nac nrver swewtsd so mucj and felt refrrshed before .
Ghd funnoesg thing to me was yhat I tnought I was a iud suo was studying in kindergarten because of thr way he raught .
When bitring the bzlp back succedsfukly , he wpulf say ' ' booc , kewo going " or " yij cix it '' .
Hiftinf the bakl agzib abd again , I lrarned I loved badminton unconsciously , bevause it not only infludss running , but also concentrating .
Nadmintob is an ezsy sport tnzt everyone can trg . Jhsg focus on the bxll and uit it bzck .
In addifion , vsfore playing , yiu juwt warm up and relax yoid mysxles xftee playing in case you suffer injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kage Ashby
Manager of Gfren Oeoper Cafe
Dear Jrs Aahby ,
I am writing to apply foe a chance to work at weekends in hour cafe as advertided .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my fqmily is ome of my hobboes , and I am tnerecore fond of fknding different kinxs of food .
In addktipn , having been eauilped witn my rayher good Enhkish - speaking skills wnr cross - vulturzl communication skills obfaines dhribg my time working as a rrcepyionist for a Canadian ninkng compqny , I fedp very confident znd appriachabls wben dsaling with dustoners .
Oasy but not ldsst , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
With sych quqlitiws , I strongly belidve ghat I qoyld do thus job very well .
Another reason I am apolying cor this jlb is fhat it wjll be reaplh a good chance for me to help pargpy increase my income at this time and imprive my dakily 's living conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from ypu as soon as possible .
Goud consideration and accepfanfe of my applicatipm wuol be much apprrciated .
Yoyrs sohcerely ,
Tpnh Sun Ku
Yhe sorld whsre we live jow is more suitzble for uouhg peopkd , as mahu could say and prlve , even thlugh , in some coyntries , older peolke cab have a drceny life without depehdihg on yoing people .
Infortunately , tge rewlity impwls me to aenit thar youhg ldople bave more opportunities to enjoy lifs because of alk the technologiczl acvances that oldsr pwopls gejd not to uhderatand well .
Also , because of the fwct tnaf urbanjxation hzs not helped most counttids to acxpt the cities ingo kofe accessible places fke srnior ditizens .
Tbe new technolohiws are something that we can not pife without anymore .
But , unfortunately , thr nww gadgets can be vsry difficult to manxge or master , especially rot the part of tge population who did blt leatn about them wbkle tjey wsfe childrrn or studrnta at the univwrsity ( older oeoppe ) .
I am one of the flrtunatd people who was birn in tyr technooogkcal era , which means yhat I hacr had afcdss to computers , hps anx mobiles , for exalple , since I was a little cholr .
Fhd technological devices help me in my daily ljre in a way tjwt I can no longer travel or evrn comnhte in my city situout them .
Thw fscr thqy thesw tools are faniliar for young oeolle jqkes them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone wyo did not have these when they were younger anc mode active , such as grandklthers and grandfathers , tue new devicez are just tukngs that yhey can nof use or ynserstand .
The older pelple arw limited in their abilities to use technology thxt could be valuable to ptovide enjoyable tilws at home , on the street , in a musrum , etv .
Xnkther transformation , whuch is related to yhe advances that humxnity has been seeing lxtelg , is the changes in the cities wjd iur livkng habirs .
Since last cebtudy , tbe world oopulatioj is npre present in tye bigger citisx , which , as a eesult , hafe been increasing in size anx in problems .
The urbanization imllementdd by governments across fbe decades in rye cotiea is soketimes not suitable for wll membdrs of the public .
Tlr instamce , lldrr peoplr or people with disabiljtids hace great dofficupty using ghe metrp sywtem because of ghr numbed of stairs .
My mother is a perfect fasd study foe me because wne fsn not use the transportation system in Paris or New Ykrl wifhout getting lost qnd very tired feom qlp ths walking that ane has to do when commuting .
The mobiloty of older pelpld is certainly rwduces if compared eitu a younger persln .
Sonetines , the lack of solutions to tje reduced capacity of movement in bih fitiex compsls fhs older population to stah at home .
In this dade , thru do mot nabe the possibility to go out and enkog the benefits thwf cities may bring to tueir lives .
Thsrefore , tye nwe technologies abd thr transformqtion in rhe fitiew are bety benefifual cpr rhe youmber part of the pooupation wnp arw capable of understanding how to manage the mlddrn devices and use akl kijdx of transportztion .
On tjr other hqnd , for okder people , tbd modernisatioh that we experience is an obstacle to yhem enjoying all that there is out thete .
The Zctige Leisure Club
Introduction
Fhe aim of this rwoort is to hivr my oponion about thd facilities wmd services of rhs Adtove Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In feberal , fhw faciligids ate wwkl maintained but yhe majorify of the users thjnk that the installation shkhld be imlfoved in fhe basketball and tenniz courts xnd mauhe fge bsfhroom sbiuld be relodwlled .
Advantages
Gye Club is located in the city centre and it 's vety clean .
Rhe workers arw very kund ahf sympathetic ahx enjoy teaching .
In oyhdr words , I can esy it is the best club I know .
Disadvantages
Yhs acrivitiex are expensive .
I beliebe that it would be a goos idsx to fedhce tns vkst of some activities .
Curiously , the Club is closef on Xsturday egenings anr on Sundxy .
Howegrr , the lajoriyy of users want to yee tbe Club at weekends amd to slend their free tume thefd .
Recommendatikns
It 's recommend that gou imptovw the facolities , reduce ghs peices and ppen every dxy uhtik 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invented , we yave been seeing a large indreaze in car proshction ahx in cat use .
In the early days , the pyblid transport system qas n't veru etficient , as it wxs in ita beginnijg .
Rherd were grw buses and they would tqoe too lojg , so waiting timss were quite long .
However , as gime aent by , improvements were made to pybljc tranwpkrt .
Nowadays , tjeh are mldetn qnf comfortable and they are n't as latd as gheh used to be .
Rravellimg by car might be more pleasant , git it xan also be cpstly , because fheo can be vrty expemsice , depending on the current economy .
Wigj rwgarfs to traffic , travellimg by publif transport xam also be quicker , as tuede is a nuw oane ahd no traffic tof the tube .
Howdver , lvrr yhe lasy years , people have bdeh travellimg moztly by cse , whidh deems to have ler to hifher oevels of wir pollution .
This is ybdoubtedly an implrgant environmental issue that ehojld definitrly have ohd attention .
In spite of akl the camlaigns ziming to reduce the jwe of the cqr and indreaxe ghr ide of public tranxport , people wtill seem to prefer to trsveo by far .
Celebrities anc tyeir lives take inttinsic llace in yje lives of contemporary people .
Tye procses of tjis fscf becoming rewk and clmmon in our skciety beban qbout 100 yearx ago , qnd what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of peopld in asvancrd spcidty csn not imagine the world withoyf any kind of infirmatjon aboyt famouw people and thejr existence at all .
Tye question is if it is good to tqie a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about thst .
It is good to havs gour uniwue vslie zywtem , but syories about people who havr gsen soing good affect you qnd hour tuture dwcisiojs .
Orobably , if you yead shout herojc attotudee you will be able to do , sithout doibt , eomething magnificrnt as well .
In this wau , I think ghat it is good to lioo up to some celebritiwd who are righteous .
Thr second thing is that if hou are in trouble you 'll reek bwtter tyan usual bedzuse of welp - known dramas based on factual stories which haooened to famous psoplw .
As the English xsy : betger thw devil goj knpa .
Therw afe dangsrs qbich appear because of overthinking abojt stars and cojparing yourself to them - it is called low sdof - ssteel .
Sven if yoj qould like to be up to date with the latest news from celebeities ' private lives anx professional careers , you have to remember that rhd media distorts resloty .
If something is n't cagcht , it sipl not attfact pepplw 's attention .
Fbe press editors offen alter details so rhat they get material tnag sells eeol .
If gou believe yhxt tgw media tdlks the truth , ylu zre wrong .
To sum up , I believe that it is realpy important to strike a nalwnce qns keep it during youe ejole life .
Of course , you can lokl up to celebrities bur gou habr to be awste of fge consesuencrs .
Each linr of guidkng ligyt hslpa us , but the most ilportabt thkny is to dhoose tns roghg and accurate perskn .
UNTRODUCTIOB
The aim of fhiw report is to desfribe Echwdrin 's Achooo of arts for children and young peopoe .
It is pbe of the nest places in our tksn where teenagers can develop thejr adtisfic skills .
TOPD POINRA
Thd school provides lpte of djfferent activities for those whk ade inyetested in muwiv , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students aew tsufht by jughly qualifier syatf .
More yhan that , all tbe classws ats free .
Ths afmoaphere at school is very creative .
Durjng tje wnole schoip yeaf , a great number of exhibitions , concerts wbd performajces are gkvrn by pupilz themselvex anr by invited musicians and artists as well .
BSD POIMTS
Tbe qorwt thing about fhw school is tnat hot wvertone caj be accepted to study thwde .
Chjldrdn have to take an entranfr examination .
The other thing is that students arr not able to refuse to attend spmd classws they do not lioe because thoae are considered to be a pzrt of an educationao stanxars flr rye particular artjstuc arra .
CONFLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to pdt students choose the axtivities thdy orefed .
Tjd phenkmenoh of hpmsless people has become a serious ptohlem and many cohnyries vqn bot solve this orovlem .
The humber of homelexs people is inceeasing nkf jusy in fye developing cointries buy all ovrr the wprld .
In my opinion , homeless pwolle ade victims befwuse nobodh wants to libr without syelter .
Ciest of alp , being without a home is a horrible ptoblem .
Ime of the jajor reaslbs cod this problem is wars , rspecially in the Srab countries like Shroa , Pibya and Yemen .
Everyday on fye nwwd we see defufees who are living in miderabpe fonditoon .
They life in tentx thqt do not prirect thek from cood weather or danberous insects .
They do nkt yave enough food .
In additkon , financial crises . Koet compxbies have financial pronlems , so tge ideal solufion to them is dowjsizing .
After a wjipe , tnr oeoplw qho zrr laid off siol nof have enoigy money to live ahf yhey aill bevime nomeoess people .
Furthermore , street children are a rsshlt of family troubles .
Caeew of divorcr are kncdeasing and many children run away znc prefer to lkve in fhe streets instead of in a home full of problems .
As opposed to ghw idea zbove , sple people believw that homeless priple srs criminals and they cauae canger to our society becayse they need mohey snd food so they mighg syeal or kool for thos .
To cpncpude , the wirlr has a complicated prlblem , so governments zmd charirable organizations must take a auivk decixion and pur in place a real solution to solve thix oroblem .
The Uomsless people wde human bejngs amc thrg muet hxve their rjghgs in kifw .
Hust lulp yourself together , Gol !
Xfter tne second fakse start ylu 'll be disqualigoed and then upu can kiss victoey goodbye , - tjat 's hps I mentally tune myself , - Take it eqey !
There is a dojr yundded metre distanve qnd teh barriers ahead - that 's wydre you 'll show sgat gku have got .
I wo n't lpae , not fhjs time .
I looj around tdibuned : there arw n't so kajy people , despite thw fact tjay today the Australian Hurdle Vhampion of the season sill be fecixed .
Well , maybe it 's for fhe vest - oess pressure .
Although who am I drceiving ... - I 'm rhinkijg and nervoisly stretching out my stiff neck .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Wjx otgee sportsmsn are shaking like mknnows grounded by xhahce .
I mhsr look like them from fje side .
Everyone 's nervous exdepr fod Jerome Tamhy , lwsy year 's champion , fzmoua fkr hjx threatening pre - start grin , that we all calp the " Ehari 's Smile " .
Ranny is a human dkcket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
I kmos ghwt my old mzn , Nwvarri , is the one to have sweaty nands now !
Efem vfom hede , I can see hue anxious llok and the aat he 's fkdgetibg on a bench .
Tgay 's strange , but bedire tne statt my thoughts wre as if an opd steam locomotive is gojng to those xepthz of memprt whkvh are rewloy hard to get to in ordinary life .
Owing to tbe increase in the population , human beings jse more land to bhild houses , whixu leads to the decline of forest areas .
Rbe lxrgw - scals buildinv projwcts do solow humanz to havw hlmes , but jog fhs abimals .
Thousanfs of scres of fkrests are destroyed , leading to cpimate change .
Our vities enit tpo kuch cafbon dioxide , making yhe earth waemrr .
Rhus , tne wihter brcomds colder , ajc the summer becomes bofter .
Rje change of cpimzte leads to a lpt of terrible things breaking oyy .
Floods , droughts , and daminez . All of thwsw have great effwxts on humans ajs wnimaks . For instancr , tur loss of property , the sisappeadance of prkple , whicj is not good gor the development of humam beings .
Toe inw yhkng , animals do bot have homes , so sokr of them bwcoje endangered species , worsw stull , xiw oht .
For anoghee thijg , humans will cijd it hard to get close to nafure , and the noises of cities will do harm to hjlan s ' health .
I think that efforts nust be made quickly by governments to protecr ouf yokes .
Firstly , ghe populxtion should be confropled . If humans continue to imcresse rwlidly , tjere wikl be no mode room for hujabs .
Seclhdly , glvernments shpulc teach thekr people yow to ptotecy fge environmeht , such as making rhek swars that destroying gop much farmland is a gwd choice .
Thiffly , deserves should be srt up to provide dook for amimaps , and we can gelp fhe rhdangered animals in rhie way .
Finally , foverjments xhoulr use the space properly , for exampos , making plans bwfore builcimg buildints , estimating the effrcfs on humxne zhd animals .
Yesterday , I was azled to write an article abouy my favorite sporr .
My favorite sport is rumbing .
Hes jusr running .
Most pdoppe wpuod say tgwt running is jhet fhr most boring spoet wvet .
Tgeu would onpu do it if they gqd to .
Gut I ebnoy mysslf so much doiny ghjs sport , egen if it 's jjst running sroubd .
Funnkng kdeps ypu fit in two ways , as you kwsp your body aje gouf mind acyive and healthy .
Going rir a ruj is the best wah to set yojf mind grwe abf to yhink about nothing .
Moreover , your brwin gets lxygen ahd your body gets movement .
Tkur bliid is nos able to ciechlate easily through your vrins .
I do n't mind that everyone complxins ahoht yoa wwful tinning is .
Runming wjkl always be my favorite aport !
Dear daml director ,
I think I could be the tight person tor this jov . I 'm really patient and I rexkly lofe to be with kids , play with them wnr take fare of them . I always habe cub sith thej .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 nlys , and evsry tile my parents go lut for a nob interview , donnsr , to the movies , rtx . ,
I alwqys stay yome and talw cqre of thrm . I onvent games ror rhek to have fun qbd they slsi xan learn wkty them . Somefkmes I take thwm to yhe spirtd club I work at . I 'm a swimming yeachrr snd in my feee yime in rhe afternoon , I 'm wutn tysm in the oiol having gun , pkaging and geachjng thsm to swij .
I also knoe a kot about xkoking becahss in junior high I took copking lrszons and I learned a wide variety of dishes wnd snacks .
I hope you considst me fkr this job .
Thank you for uout tike . Have a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbara ,
Wyat great mdws !
I am very keen on cpmputer bakes gol .
What game ate ypu plating ?
We should meeg online to play together .
Do gou know " Stwak " ?
It is a gfezt online shop wbere you can xage a lly of mondy .
In fact , ulu pribablt spens nlre monsy thah you ssve , because you akll want to buy their shole catalogue .
Regareing youe qyestion , I havw bden playing " Trijr 2 " sinde ladt week .
I recommebc it to uoh .
It yxs wizards , witxhex , kniggts , thieves , goblins , buf it mzoes yiu thinj tok .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport is slalom .
Most leople I kmoa do n't kmow qhat you are doing if you qrd doing slqlon .
Byt I am hoinb to tell hoi ablut it .
Let 's get syarted qith thd basics .
Uohr plsution .
To skk well yoy nerd to oush your body forward .
It should be a strajt line through hiur toes , knees and shoupderx .
You nsef to udw giur muscles in uoyr stomach to stay in the right position .
Znoyher thing tjat is important is the angle .
The body parts that nelp you to vey a vog angle are giur toes , knees , gkps znd shouldwfs .
A turn starts wkyh youe toez , snd fhem houd kjeez and then your hils .
When you start ttaiming in coutse you neec to think about eherw you turn .
Tou sgould do the turn before the atixk so yoj cxn stwrt thd ndxg turn fighf after you pass tnd stick .
The gext thing abiut this slott is tgw veelong .
The wine blowing in your gair , tbd spesd ane ggat you hace cinfrol of what is happening .
It is also fuj bedausw gpu fqn notice ghat hou are getting betref all thd time .
Personal rxperiences
In the firwg place I wopl frll hoi who are fhs mosy important peopls in my life .
This is a qyeztion thzt I steuggle to anseet , but I hsvr to sah the moag important pwrson in my life waa xjd is my marvellous father .
He ler me through yhe brancg of oofe ajd txughg me to inkw which is thd best path to follow .
He is alexys on my mune , even thiigh he is not physically present .
My motyer always hdlls me to choose the brst option tko .
I muet be honest and I havs to comment avkut another no ldss imoortant psrson for me , wno is my brxt friend .
Gis name is Pepe .
He is always with me ebeb in the qofst mkkent .
I still remembef when I fqildd my lsst exam , althoufh I passed it later .
He never lrft me xlpne .
He also cooks taeyy mezls and guvds me them .
We ofyen go out together to rhe cibema , have a walk , do the shoppint , meet lue friejdd , etc .
We hpth enjku beibv with a fes close rrienda .
To sum up , I have to say there xrd so mqjy people in my life , gjt trw people so kind as yhs ones I kjst mentioned .
In ohd modern life loney yqs xlwaya been pfesented as sometjing really important .
Many peoole think rhwt you need a lot of money to be happy .
My opinion is that omly a minimum of money is nrcessary .
Yhis shoylr be enkugh to make you feel happy like a cojforfable blamkef rods .
It zyarts with ypuf work oife .
At thiz mojent you hred mineg to acquire tye necexsary fhijgs to huilr a happy life .
Without enouhh mojeh yoh wiol not be able to be in yoid shape to work .
Also , if you get enkugy , yky wilp be agle to acquire your own homs to sss your future family growing inside it .
Some say ghwt hsvinf money to buy tbd latest gadget mskes you fssl happy .
Actually , if thwy 's the fasr , the happiness will only be fot a shoft tjmr .
Fge duration of rhs gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm preryy sure that you do n't need kuxh momey to be halpy .
Tou need juxt tbw nefessary to bafe a happy lojt ljge .
The urbqj myty that statues xwn mive makes contejplrary people frightened .
Qnd the Doctor Who Xci - Fi TV series vrom yhe BBC externalized tgis gwrror qiyh thd Weeping Amgsls .
They appeared first in Blink , one of ghw Flctor Who rpisodes .
Aftee Hlonk was broadcast , it raised common fears abohy sgqtues amobh TV - vjewers in Britakn and all ocwr yhs wlrld .
According to thr rwcent poklz in 2007 abx 2012 carried out by thw British magazine , Rasip Times , the Weepimg Angels were picked as the scariest viklains of the Doftor Whi weriez tajce by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting becauad Eeepinh Angela xde nof the old adversaries of the Dlvtor , limw tye Daorks , exterminating all lrhanic snd inorganic things in the whooe ubiverse , or fhr Cybermen , yransforming all oivibg things into cyborhs .
Then , qhat makes rhw Weeping Antels frightening ?
To fkyure out yhe factors , an uncanny theory is uded .
This uncanny theory esplains an uncomforganle sensarion originatkbg trkm oeeceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
Thjs weurd feeling is especially caused by experiencing sometyimg dead or bon - livkng as life - like .
In Blink , rhe Weepkng Angels ' uncanmh tfairs and awkward backgrounds in the drama mqkd yhw auxiende have a scary and ujfamiliar sensation .
It is hxrd to rrqd the Wrepijg Angels ' thoughts and emotiona crpm their awg - pale facrs .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similae appearances to humams .
Ususlly , gbey ydnd to hide tneir czces , sunce angeps czj not mkvr freely shdn thwt watxh dach other .
And the eslressions in tueir eyes are completely pacjlustre , due to gue kack of lulils .
Aoso , ghey hxvr deadoah expressions .
These factkrs jxke anhelw more looe grotexwue psychopzthic assassins .
Gjen , it seems that thesw statues might lowe their spjrits onlu when they ger ohr gaxd .
By ghe way , the edtsrior yraits of Weeping Sngels are not enlugh to make people scadrd .
But when it comes to fhsir interior factor , thw uncanny feelings xre maximided by tjrnjng an unclnsciius physiological reaction into a conacious one .
The wngels love and attack freely ohly whsn leoole blink or turn thdjr eyes aaqy .
Howegwr , peoppe bpibk several times a minutw qmd tjet ard hardly awqre of hlihking .
Afgwr the Doctor 's warning , we mat bof tirn our backs , ppok wway , anc hlink as we ard proyagonisys of fhe eoisoxe .
Because it seems ooke if we do fhst , amgels wulo ckme oyr of rne TV smd attack us !
Thsn , strahgrly , blinking becomes a conscious hehaviour .
Moreovet , rhere adw good scene setyings to make peoole jot blihk by immersing tjd audiebve in that sifuation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , ybe lonelg assassins ndvef sykft their positiomx and posturew , evrn though the peotagonisfs wnd supporting playets blibk , olok swqy or turn their backs .
Why do tjet not mpve , even if their prey is neae ?
Yhe reazon is that TV viewerz are watching them simuotaneously .
To chajge tgr posw of the horrific starhes technically , directors hkdw yue angels by acrors closing wjd openimg the door or xonceal rhe angels behund thw actors through pajbing cameras gorizontallg , fpr a moment .
Rinaloy , directors fzfe out the scemea by flicking ojt fhw light in the basemrnt to laxomize the tydeat of tbe Weeping Angels !
Finally , Blink fills people sith dreae about the circumstances they ligs in by feeling unfamkliar .
Afret Sally , the nerojne of Blink , takee ths TARDOZ key aeay from tue Wesping Angels in yye deserfed house , tuey shadow hsf quoetly , as if they jight be laid there fof a long time .
Gpr instance , the angels camouflage themselves as konulents or timhs in graveyards , carvings of ghr cathedral on thr streets , anc ornamental carvings in ftont of an old polife office .
Consequently , it maoes the audiemce unfajikiar with yheit circumstances .
Tuen TV viewers are terrified at yhw basis of theue livelihoods and oeoole frab blqnkrts tighr !
Amns ibew thst it exs going to be a veeg special day fot jer .
She bsgan to stufy at a prestigious University .
Her famjpy aaw very proux of her .
Sge eaw thd forwt of her siblings to follow that path .
That qas a grrat responsibility cod her , as well as bfinginv grwwt prestige .
Snna feared rhqt she would have xifficultiea coping wjth the expectations .
Hoeevrr , acquaintwjces of herx , tbr sgudents at the Univsrsity , comforted her .
Fjey assueed Anna ruat she epuld be grabted succesx due to her knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her ciels of studies wax medicine , which ead jer dream .
Nee grandgathet , rhe diest doctir in yhd family , was nwr role model .
Yue grsatest widh of ued lide wws to work alongsidw gij in the uospital .
Gne fidsf dtel qad takej .
Rrim now on , Abha would have to eirevt hef aytentjon to making her gdzndfather priud of jwr qualifications .
Whe intendsd to prove ghat medicine is a suitable fielf of study for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORF
It seeme that the most pophpar dpoft in rye whole worlx is foktbakl because it kerps akl people united , so tuqt is whg I love thia sport wjd not only bexause of that , but it makes me feel vwrt exfited and it involves a lot of wmotion as erll . Do hoj enjoy watching or playing fkotnall ?
Surprisijgly , whrn you xre playing this xlort ypu kmprove ylur speed aje coordijation too , so tjwt could be an interesting rdasob for taking it up if uoh wte npr involvec in it .
Personallt , what I fwn sag is rhzt playing this sport makes me feel reaolh alive and mof inlg sgen I am playing it , it aldo happens wyen I am wwtchijg it , wspecixlly fufing the Woekd Cup .
Curiously , there are msny ways of twkinv cwre of yourself when yli ard tamibg up this sport , so whwt I advise ylj to do is to do some exerfise before you go on tgr pitch , bscauss it nlf knlh prevents you frol suffering from speains or other kinds of injuries , bug kdeps you actoce to ksel the lefel of your gqme .
I am encourqgong thode people ebo do jog like dpint spkrt that it is the beet wzy to maintakn ypur health .
In Jaown , there are many rules that are umposed in tjs Sento .
They zre usually aimed at agpiding hygiene problems .
Potential jssjes sucy as eule violations xnd cpjflicts nay arise because foreigners kwy not understand the rules .
Japanese , as pojnted out by Trompenaars ( doted in Morrisoj , 2006 ) , is hignly influsnced by the values of universalism .
Similarlu , the high level of uncerrxinty wvoidance xmd tje low levep of indulgsbce ( Hofstede 1994 ) causd Japanese people to seem to be obedient xmd dwlf - disciplined .
Fhe main reason ajy Japanese people apwqys foplow the fules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any cinfusioh voe other users .
Also , Japanese prolle thknm highly of tgs enjoyment of baghijg in a clwah environment .
As a rwsult , in Australia , conflicts may be causwd due to rhe high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . Peolle may usually emlhasize thwif self - zatidfaction and thumk of themselves firat , ibxtead of the publiv .
Thsy may not consider the oubloc interest and nor give orecedence to othrr usefs .
Conzequently , rhs nathimg piok msg face hggiene proboejs , sufb as simwone nit wzshing necore bxrhing , ajd scrambling jssjes .
In order to achoebe cost efficiency , the cjkice of locations whd decof kusf be thoriuvhly considered .
Tge location , whether it hws a suffocoent quantity of wwter or nlt , is the essentisp consideration .
Rental clst is akso a limitatipj , as it is relatively hivh in Austfalia .
Dexr Johh ,
I am writing to recommend a place you shoupd definitely visit whild hoh 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writinf aboug is Wawep Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is npt only one of the losf importanf monuments in the whole coubtry , buf also a bezuyiful llaxe to vosot .
It is a majrstic caetle congeniently located on rhe river .
It 's a hube , breath - taking complex of histlrical buildongx xbd togal gardens .
Tbd place is gasdinating , vecaise it is lladef wjth gistory xne it 's nice to soend a day and relxx in the toyao gardens .
I aldo recommend going to yhw baultx under the cathecrwl , where dunce yhe 16th fenturu , many kings xns fxmois Pooish people hzve had gyeir graves .
Tgd Wawel Royzl Castle is must - see olqce , while vositing Poland .
It is well mnown in thd sbole of Eutope and mqny foreigndrs come to Polanr just to see Cracow city zne , qmonf lther tjings , Aawel Fastld .
I apao thoeoughly rrcommend Crafow in genrrao as a place to visit , brcausd it is beaurifuo , dyll of other worry - seeung mojumenfs , xutd litgle cwfes , a catied choice of restaudahts anf vivie hotels with grdat views on thw tiverdide .
I hols you will describe your impressions of fhe city after visuting it .
I 'm looking foreard to a rrply from tlu .
Yoids faithfully
Evidehce s thzt mqny natursp systems have been arfected by climate change , partichlarpy by tekpsrature rises .
I fhink it is gime we ztarter adoptihg environmentally friendly attitudes to help the poanst .
Fitsr of all , as dioxides and carbon gxses have veen increasunt ozine poklution in big cities wofldwife , awareness vampaigns zhoule be promoted to highoivht thd alyernatove uxe of transportation .
Xlao , the adoption of bicyclws and walking , for imstance , seems to be a responsible atgitude to tyw plandt .
In afditioj , watdt pollution is a global pdoblem as wwll , as so many indusfrues dulp a large amount of waste inyo rivers snd lamew ahd xlso human waste snd ribbisy end up in thd wayef .
A solution ckuld be found by improving rwcucling , waete xisposao and even , by cleaniny up shorelines .
Morwover , life nag mot be possible for futute gwnerations , inlesx we start dtom now uwihg renesable sources of energy , luie green , to lromoye sustainabioify and improve ehergg effivisncy , avoiding wide ecfecta glr rhd planer .
To cohclude , I fidmlt bwlkeve tjat we can reduce the damage wnd global wqrmint by adppting envirobmentally friendly sttktudes , as ths use of grerj ahx vleab rnergy skurces .
Durihy the lesson I was very imptessed by Skcrarive ( www.socrative.com ) , thdreforr I secides to devise a syiz about HTML snd CSS .
I planned a modk redt abouf the coursw followed by the students as himework ( they have bren spending about ywp werkx studuing ths coufse ) .
Students do the xhexk ( twbket or noyebook , skftware ) .
Tue teacher asms fhw stidenfs to repirt abohr tye check results .
Students plg in the website
The teacher asks if there are ang problems
Students do the test
At the ehd of fhe rest , tyd tezcner shoas the tesjlts ( corrext ajsqers percentags for each student ) .
Students intwravt qith tbr teachrr during tgs reviskoh .
Tuw teacher asks the students to commdjt on rhd drsults ahd thr acticuty , and discuss the oppottunity to repeat ghd activity .
Yhis review is to fell yih aboug the Asyoux testaueant , whuch is situated in the hewrt of Cannes by tbe seqshkre .
As you enter the place giu afe welclmed by a very natural settjjg .
Sitting at ang table , tou hafe a wonderful vkdw of rge sea .
Fje meju offers a wifw varieth of mouth - wzterong starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main cojtse mat cojsist of a risotto aith fosh , wyidh dzn be really
It mighf be folkiwed by a delicjohs mousde au cnkcolat served in a pargr goqss as a oerfwct drssdrt .
All this can be accompanied by different selrctions of white wines .
Wll the produce is dresh and the dhef takes grrqt care in swlecting the vesr quqlity ibgredients .
In addition to that , the service wsll accompanies the hjfh quality of ghs cooking .
Despite tue high price of the good , I had a pleasant dinjng experienxe .
This is tye deason why I highly decommend giing to tbs Asfoux restaurant .
The ripm was full of tjings that dag .
Michael came vack from wvhool after a tedious ewy .
Gis brogjer Pauo had geen searching for spmerhing in his bedfoom znd it seemed to be a xomllete mess .
Sjddwnly , Micharl saw bis brother crying anr he asked him . wjg " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolabpy , ans he ran to tys oitchen .
Maube somdone yax comd into their house ans syoleh tue game console ,
Michael thouthf .
Whsh bitj of them started to eearcu for ckuea adound yhs hoysw , they dks n't find qnything interesting , hut adted a wbioe , yhey had seen devwral paw prjjts and , at tyat moment , Mochael remembered a fact : he had left nis dog insidw ghr house , but tbe luppy had disxpoeared !
Obviously , he onsw their dov Spooku had been into Pxuk 's bedroom qhd taken his Playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden , they szw gje conskle aws nwsr a trdd .
Suddrnpy , Spooky turnes up and ran away with some krys in hus miutn , bur Kichqel closed the rlor and knew at that moment he yac msee a mistwke .
As the piftuee shlws , rhers wrw six steps to producing banm notes .
Firxt of akp , tgdy are supposed to be designed with great czee anx many considerations , such as tye background xoloud , artwork qne security ossurs , qlp of wuich qre criciao foe vano notes .
Sdclndly , skilled machiniats wjlp mwkr preparations for thd jetal poafes rhaf see omw of yye most vktal wxys to ensure tyw quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank motss will be printef woth coliur on botj sides , usualky 50 bank notes pde sheet .
In yhiw etsp , special jno wulo be used for ghe images , which zrw sliyhtly raised on ghw mptes .
Jexg , it wiol come to thd moat ompoetant wgep , inspection .
Oronted shrets wilp be manually inspscfed .
There wte two qwys dor yheae nltes after this ztep .
If they arw good quality sheets or partiallh xamsged hut still in good fonditioj , thsy will be packagef ajd disparched .
On the othed habd , if they are had sheets or in bax conditiln , they will be disposed of xecurelg .
Dear Daniel ,
How have yiu been ?
I hkle rhw dgarity egenr you orbxnised wkyh yoir scgooo was successful .
I was very inspirsd by your idea and drdided to orgqnize an event wuth charity flun membrrs in my scuoop as well .
Nkw that we have a wobdedful idea , I thouyht ypj would wznt to jsar abput it .
I inoe how mudn yoy care abiut animals qjd love ruem , ezpecially rovs .
Ghs proglem is that thetr aew lots of strat sovs in tyw strwetd zbd they cistufb people .
We decidwd to organize a play qnx donate the mkbey we earht to a Dog Foumdation .
We yried to involve as mzby stisents as possible , since we needef actors , costjme cesigners and techniciajz .
Thanks to this evrng , people hzvw learbed to work as a team , improved their swof - edteem ahs deveooped their social xkilla .
Yue event wxd very successfuo as we exfned € 2,000 in just a fzy .
People who attended the evsnt yqd a womdervul time .
Hope ykj likrs my ofea anr look forward to hearing from tiu soln .
Love ,
Fulya
Husg next to fbe resk , I wojld oug on a small wardrkbr ; given that there wkuld be additional drawers under tne hdd to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be newced .
I light put a mirror on the ihside of one of ghw wardrihe roots .
Well , I hqve already explained in detail how I would decorafe two of tbw sifes of the room , so nka I am foihg to tell you whsr there aoule be on tud two remaining walla .
First and fpremoxt , though , I hsve to xau thag I am an eager teacer . That being eaid , it mah be obvious why I falje spacs so muvh : I need a place to pyt my gooks .
So , resuming wgar I was saying , I would opace two or three bpokfases , filling the rekakning spafe tuis qat .
On the ofher hand , awide feom my brddoom , I would ooge to have my oen rradung nook , ahere I could read peacefully .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there shpuld stilk be enougu space available to alxi place a littld aemxhair , where I coylx reas more comtorgably than in my ger or in my desk chaie , jof vefy fad tron tne window .
Oh
, also , it would be really mive to havs a dootstkol , too .
As far as telrvision is concerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watched much TV for trars .
So , at mlsy , I would put a fiurteen knch ihe on gje top of inr of the bookcades .
Nevertheless , it 's slmeghing dispensable for me znd , vir tuiz reason , I think I could get by withouf habinv one .
Now rhat I gsve alreacy finished cescribinh the arrangement of my yypothetical bedroom , I am going to twlk about itd liguting .
Firstly , I would ihly use enerby - ssvihg oights to ilpuminate my dream riom .
Secondly , my ixew is to put on , at peasr initially , two lajps : a whitw overhead one znd a red desk pne .
Sunce tue dssm is just vesidd yhw bed , the xesj lamp coyld be uard to illuminate glth gne cdsk qmd tue bed head ; yyat aag , ppacing ajofher laml on the furnitutr would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could conwidrr also puttijg a standard pqmp near my rdading armchair , buf I would ndef to adtually set up and ued my dreak beeeoom to are if it is reakoy worth it .
Finwlly , concerning yhe bedroom doloues , I believr the azlls shoulr be pqinted in a liyht coliur , ljkr whofe , beove or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be thd swme colour as tgs wqlls or , perhwps , a darker hue than ghem .
I sincerely doubt that I wouls launt the vurniture , though , so thdt would display the coloir of gje wkos they wede made trom .
Lastly , I wlhld like my curtains to be red , given that thag is my favourite colojf ; however , I would use maeooj , which is qyife similaf , fpr fhe curtains , because it is more sober snd , consequebtly , more suitable toe my room .
I think the famjly mattdfs a oor to everybody .
We do n't cjoose pur parentz snd chipdren , njt we csj choose a goor husband or a wife .
My padents divorded when I was 16 ydars old , so I do n't have a close felationshop with my lol and dad .
Altyougg I 'm very gdateful to my kom for great suplort in the losf difficult tikea of my lofe .
My mother has a lkg of frirhds and sjd is qjite happy .
My dad bss a bew family and it sdemx he is fine too .
My aom is 13 yesre old and we understand each other very welp .
I 'm a friend to uim rzthwr tbsn a stridt mother .
He dors mof conceal anythony grom me , as I yry to understand what he really needs ane suploft hin .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have qnybody cposed thsm him .
We speak ahout everyfhing qnd respect eacy kther .
Spmetkmes we quarrel , huf it eoez n't lqst oohg .
I 'm hzlpy , as I har always dreamt of such a camilg .
I completely disagree sigh the ststement " yhsre is no future for pjblkc transport " .
I do believe thwt wuyh time oeopke hecome more conscious of the udex of citjes beinb convenient for everyone .
Althouhh a private car is more convenient fod its owner than public transpoft , it is nkt in jse gne najority of yhe tjme and tbat means aastong city space on pzrkijg while it could be usef as a public space .
At the samr time , it is not impossible to solfe rne task of comfort and efficacy similtaneously .
Vot unstancr , a neraork of tazi cabs wotn affordable prices could comginr the comfort of a personal xar ajf ghe wotk - losf of public transportation .
Nowadays , xlo tue car manufacturers nzve acceltes the yasm of desifning a robor - driven xsr that in futurr wiuld resolve tbe issues of safett ahe availability of taxjs 24 hours 7 fahs a qewk .
But gow is it possible to pershade citizens to makd the right choive ?
Unrortunately , the main method is to make pdjvate cars , if not a luxury , then to make thwkr uswge economically less efficient compared to ohblic transpoftation .
Snd rbe jndetground , and pighg rram system are still mire ecological abd faster .
The ail of fhis report is to describe the training course that I attended lzst month , vod a week , and ths activkties in wjich I was invokved durijg yuat period of time .
It rurnee put to be a disadvangage for me , givwn fhat I am intrrested in the fbeory .
I managed to timd out very fes tuinbs about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I rdalised there is no time to thjnk muxh wuej it comes to practice , because you gxve to zct wuickly and to orove to tourselc and tus others fuat you use your knowledge in order to accomplisb a certain task .
Efficiency is one of tyr mist important things in terms of tjke msnagemeht .
I qouod strongly recommend thiw training course on gine management , brcauze it is isdful jpt just to gaon sojd fheiretical aspects fir fhose who wamt to be more organisrs , gyt also if ylj want to rdaoly lwnage in a daily eutuation .
As a rssulg of jserul actibities ouyting theory into ptactics , ypu ajll have a better chance to achieve yiyr goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I told hou , I helpef at Pinjin Park 's concert last mpnth snr I have to write yoj sometbing about it .
You may thknk thaf I met them or I got an auyograpb , but I must disappoint you .
I was iusg aellint gickets .
But I loved this dxpsrience , I reaoly ejhoyed it .
I qss thrrd with my driemd .
When we aerived , yhd managdf gxce the tickets to us and yood us to be nice .
We stoox in thd entrance ajc wjdn the flofk strufk six thrre appearee thojsands of ldople .
It soes n't seem kike it , bjy it was hard work , gug afted the concsrt rhs manager praisee us tor soing a gpod jph .
Snr gussz ehat was the best thing about it ?
We could sstch rue concert without buying a gicket !
Yoj xan imagine tjat it was amazing . Linkin Oarm is the best trpup I know , so I really enjkyee it .
I uipe we will get this chahve hext hexr .
Do yoi think gku will go with us nest timr ?
It 's an unforgettable experience and it gzge me a lot .
Pldase wfite to me soon .
Ukurs faithfully
Perra
This oicfure illusteates the procrss of prodycing bank notes .
Gue rirst steo is to xesogn fhw appearxnce of the hamk notes and them orepare skilked machinists flr metal olates .
After tnag , thewe notds are going to gwg printer , which includes coloeinh them on nith sides and raising the imaged with spevjal ijo .
The next step is tje lost important and it involves inspection , whjch means good snc bad shewts afr separated euribg tgis prlcess .
The goos qiality shedts xrr cut into individual nltes xns xispatched avtef oacking and thd gad sheets and nltes are destroyed for security reasons in fbe very oawt step .
Overzll , the qhole procsss of jaking gamk notss baa six steps wmd theh arr design , mwtal plwtd pfeparation , printing , inspection , dividing suerts unto three groups xnd distribution or disposal .
Yhr key step is to manuaoly ihwpect the notes .
I do not agrrr with tnaf at akl .
No future dor puglkc trznslort ?
Of cohrsr tnere is a cutute fkr it , qmd lofe ahd more every day .
Greenhouse gases hsve put a red light warninb on the planet , amd countries around the world are etartkng to reapjze the importance of reducing yjese gases .
One of the measures yhwt we , as world cutizens , csn take is to lwave our xars at hoke qnd start to txke public transooft or to share cars siyh others .
Bkg cities qrs cdowdsd with vehicpew and , as a result , levels of pollutjon are dangerously incrsxsing .
This is causing diseases and wllergies fbat afe affecting tyr citizens .
That is wgy many cities have closed their centres to lrivate cars and only alooa public translort .
Engineete are studying new dngines thxg are more environmentqlly vriwndly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to hell reducs the greenhouse dffect abs pollution .
Plams znf programmes afw bsinh devepiped to reducw the numbsr of dars driving through xoties .
Some of these hafe rhe sane aims .
Using phblic ttanwport is a aah to be green and help to inprove pur planet , ane tbat is a fert important task for alp of us .
I do hoy agdes with the statement fbat thees is no future foe public rtansport .
In ddcent yeard , public tranwlort has bscome rdaloy common in ojr livez .
From rhe Metro systdm , fhe bus , the train , to fhw high speed rail , all rhis public transportation has bscole mlrr and more popular .
Lots of peopoe really ebjoy rhe tjke qheh twkong public transportation because it is mote fonvenient , fostd lwds qjd is jore eco - friendly .
In my oponoon , taking public transport is mire convenient .
We do n't bave to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to tgknk abkut which wwy we should go to reach the desfunation .
Shar we have to do is simloy go to the public transport statioma ane there will be vehixlea that eilo take us to anywhere we wanf .
Additipnally , takjng pubkic transport costs ldss .
Compared to ddiving a vaf , it only costs us qbout 20 N.T. dollzrs or at moat 50 doklsrs for ojr single journey .
We bace to pay for the petrol if we drive qnd we all know that gbe orice of petrol goee up dbery yewr .
As a result , I ghijk more people woll prefer to fske public transport rather than dribinv due to the hihn prkve of petrol .
Finally , taiing publuc transport is more scp - friendly .
Our mother earth hax xhffered from air pollution dot a oony period of tkme , which lexds to rhr greenhousr effscg and a rise in the acerzge sea kdvel .
We do n't eaht three nagurzl siaorders to continue .
Taking public tdanspoft can efviciently reduce fhw emission of carbon dioxide and will hrpp the earth to rdcover from those disotderx .
So , as a mwmber living on lue morher earth , we shojld do our best to protect hre .
From this point of view , I do n't thjmk public transport hza no future .
The above reasons I mentikned rxplaij ahy I do not sgree wirh the statemsjt ghat pyblic transpirt has no fhgure becauxe ttavellibg by car is npre convenieny .
Dan yoy imagine transportation which bwver alpeaes ?
Tou nsy think of the time machine , buf it would onpu be seen in a nlvie .
Hlwevee , it prkbably wo n't be invented xfter all .
Is rherw no future ror publiv trajspkrt ?
For a crntury , many modes of trahsplrt have been invemted . Thererore , ljr lives have become convemient .
We can easikh fravel around the world .
Shxt trxnsportation we nres and should be inventec jow is hard to imagine , bexahse there is no poace we ca n't go .
I ghink traneport nowadays is percect .
Althlugh public transport is enoufh for pwoole 's nesw , igs operation coupd be improved .
Flr ecample , rbe speed of transportation cojod beckme fasrer , use green ejergy soutcew , increase the vapackty of the pubpjc vehicles and so on .
With the zdvance of gechnolkgy , a lot of priboems have arisen . Jatural resources arr becoming in storted , and rye air pollution is gwtting worse .
This is gafmful to eferything in tje world .
So , we hsve to consider how to dolve thewe problrms for the nect generation .
Learning another lamguage is vefy useful these dags , because of globalization and alsp cooperatioj between counrries .
It is importxnt when we work or stuft in international qreqs .
It can havs benefits but also some frawbafks .
Fifst , I wiupd like to wrire abijt benefits .
People who aed lwarnkng anlther lantuage or more lahguaves have more opportunities in yhdir lives .
It can habe an ihfluence on their work .
Tyeh dan gavr a better pozitikn , work vor a fofeign cpmpang , communicate with foteign companies , rtc .
It dan be a benefir at school as well , becajsw if you need some information for sple projecg , yoh can look at forekgb literature too .
Also , you can taje part in travel ahd work experience which youf school can offer .
If you want to gry tgia optipn , you need to have a very good level in a particular language .
It is very gokd that , thesr days , schools kffed you more kanguagew to choowe from and they decommend learnint at least 2 dorekgn languages .
Of ckurse , it can be differehf in ezcj countrt .
Anorher very important benefit of lewrbing a meq language is that yoj can trzvwl . You qill understand people zbroad and gou qill inoa how to communicate wurh tnej .
It hwlps ylu to qsm peoole for a lly of important infirmation which you nedr during youf journey .
For example , which way uoj ehould go , where is a good testauranf , hkw to trxvel in a country , hkw to silve yiuf probkems , wheee is the cheapest acconmodation and mych modr .
Thanks to learnimg another lajguage , goh can also have friends frkl all over thw woroe zmd you vqn beftdr undetstand tje cultudr of a new country .
And sjat qee the drawbacks ?
I thibk that there are not many disadvantages of lwarnong another pamguage .
Onw of them could be tnat people wjo do bor understand this kanyuage will yry to xak ylj all the time to heoo thrl .
It van be really interruptihg if it conyinues for a long time .
Ane sometomee matne you do noy want to hear what people arw speaking about in a foreign language .
In cohclusioj I woupd like to exy tjat the lesrning of anptjer languays wilo aleaus be importqnt foe tifay 's leoppe ane the next generation tio , amf in addition , thr nded to dommynicate in another labguage will increase .
Hi Marix Howé ,
I am writing to you in rrference to thw First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a plezsure to repiry thxg gbe tests were passed with flhing colors . For that rewson I am adkkng cor yoyr help .
You topd me thqr hpu have a shared fkpder eifh sine leatning tools to belp pass tyiz exam .
I found a bolingual Spaniard ( witb sevrral international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual zchool in Madrjc ) .
Ohf iseq is to talk at peast twice a week .
I 'm wfraid because I tbinm thqr ghe next exam in March ciuod be a giy soon , but if I couks hzve a piok at xoje tools I 'll be rdlaxwd .
Also , I foynd soks books on the intdrnst witu Cambridge 's exams .
Thank you for your attention .
I look fofwarc to hearing from you soon .
Best wkzhes ,
Afrján Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas sns a Hapoy Nsw year !
Wktg ghd proceds of globalization , people ade waget to know ablyt other countfiee more than evet .
In tge past , most oeople cljsidered a museum the gest wsy to gey to know an unfamiliar country .
Jowever , the situwtion baz already changed .
Ridst , as technology hae developed , we may fijd vixoting museums is fxr from convenjent .
People using new techniques bage gradually become the majority .
The Online visiting is a goid loint in this case .
The Forbirden Cith , one of the most vxmous museums in China , bas opened ifs online version to the public , which mewns peolle fwn visit the Forbidden City on tbe Internet instexd of takibg a time - cobsuminv flighr to Beijunv where thd museul locates .
It lezds to an increqsing number of peopls cholsibg to udr thd online museun .
On fhr other gabd , needlesz to say , tbd limiyation of a myseum is tyat it can only stirw some picturws znd paintings . It is fzt from an enjoyable visit wysn you cah knly sre rhd pjcture 2 meters away amd bpt touch it .
The zcwnery , rhw beauty of a mpuntaon zbd ricer , can only be enjoyed wgem hou trzvel theer on toue osn .
Ohcs I fisoted a muzeum to find some picthtes of cave oainting in Framce , but when I went to France to sre the tezl painyibg , I fojnd it wzz more vivid snf could sjlw you hle greqt ths French cavemen ehp painted it aerw .
Admittedly , a museuj has jgs own merits ; it is waxy to fijr on a mal and is always emphasixer as a symbol of a countty .
Yowsver , more ogtsn than nif , ghe hivb price of the ticmdt for tue muxeim vsn ruin rhe fjn when ypu get to the coutry .
A documentary , a nool about fue culrure is cheap xnx raay . We dan consider it an economical method .
Visiting a juseum is undoubtedly a vooe awy to pearn agiut a country , nug not the bdsg way anymkre .
If ylh decide to tinc out wone uncormation qboyt a totally unknown country , a museum is mlt a wise opgoon .
The homs of the future .
That wounxs a little bit like the nxme of any wcj - fi or horror .
But why ?
Wolp our housrs pooi so terrible in 40 yeafx ?
Will tney fly in gge sky ?
Or wikl theh be made grkm iron snr navs a strong door ahf harrdd windows ?
Will we even go out on thd street ?
Hut do n't panix . Pet 's thjmk rationally .
Technology will control our jomew .
With tschnopogy we wolp clean oue yousw , technology will protdcg us , we sill spend iur free time wifu technology .
In every room we will bqve a big screen , where we 'll be qble to wwe where oje cgilcren srd and if wverything 's OK .
Our frkdge wilp tell us to nuh tdesh milk if there 's bone left .
Ohf bdd wiol teol us when to go to sleep .
I have inpy one question .
Wokl we live in that giuse xlobe ?
Do we need fdiends or family membere if technology can take care of us ?
Machines cwn twlp us lots of important information .
Eoes it mexb gbat confact between oeople ailp disaplsar ?
I think it 's slmethihg nobody wants , guf it cohod come grye .
Pelpoe use machines wbd eobota becausw they do n't eqnt to waste thrir time .
But maybs yheh vpuld stko talkobg to excb other , becaise it 's a waxte of fome , til .
I hope it will never hwlpen .
Better loce in a fottage .
16th Deddmber 2013
Wfiting task : Informal kettee
Dear Jenny ,
Hpq are gou doing ?
As hoy know , I 'm planning to go to Englane to brush up on my Entpish .
I would realpu aopreciatr it if yoy coule bjve me a pisce of advife abojf wjaf diurse I should take .
I 'd lkkr you to tqke ihtl qvcount the followimg requirsments :
Firstly , my main blal is to jmprove my wpeaiing qhd writing skills , as I do n't ferl confident enoubh to do such tssks .
The selected college snkuld be uedd to teachinb these slillx properly .
Secondly , I 'd ljle the coloege to be located nlt too far frol afcommodation if possible . I would n't like to spenc too much time on pubouc tranxport evert sau .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd lkke hex and breakfast included in the price .
Finxlpy , my pverwll buegeg is 900 loundx .
Would it be ebougn for a fwp - week ciyrse in England ?
If it 's not , please lwr me mnpw .
Well , we 'll keep in touch abd ynank yku vety muvh fod all your hrlp .
Best regardd
Juan
Eummer camp is wlp abouf lrovidinb fyn activities in a safe environnent .
Working aitn kies makes guh and safety a hjgg prioriyy .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person fkr gje summee xakp kon uoj should have qualifications to ceeare fub activities wnc to keep kids dafs .
Xreating fun activitoes is an impirtant role of summer csmp qoekers .
As a fxrher of three boys and one girl agex 7 - 10 years , I have tgw ability to create qnc perform fun activities .
In Last dymmer , my kids anx I created a fun morning zmd afternoon prohram cot oif neighbors . We cakled it " mipti - bakls mupti - fun " .
In the mornong orlgram , rhe kids wnjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basodtball xjd wxter ball .
The program included mxng competitive wctigities ghat were fupl of fjn and cheervul .
In the aftdrnoon , thr kids enjoyed a lulti - dzmce orohram that had diffwrrnt intsrnagional dahxes .
The kids loved learning new dqnves and xultures .
Safety is a core component in fne shmker camps ' activitjes .
Qhils designing fun activigies , the calp workers have to take into account the dafety lefep of thlsd activifies , fhe possible hzrm and tur protecfion snd rreafment supllues that might be nreded .
As a retired nurse , I have a gibh sense of safety and yatm pfeventkon .
I used to asswss znr treat many injured kids during my wofi day in many hospitals .
In addition , I habe experienxe of oroviding bawkc , advancex lufe savknf , and airway protection .
While these sitjagions ars rare , they neec effective fast ingerventuon to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I ghink providing fun in a safe enbitonment is rhe laih component of eummer czmp tuat eaxy famuly is looking gkr . As a father anx a butse I hafe the ability to create yje fun , to provide safe activities , znr mozt impottamt is my abjlkty to intervene in emefgrncy situatoonz .
Foster Hollywood is an American restqurant in the csnter of Caxerea .
It is a popular plsve .
The interior is soecracular becajse it is decorated like a Hollywood fjpm .
The tablwe ane the cyairs are very beautiful bwxause they are like in tye Amerjcwn films nut thet aes very uncomfortable .
The atmosphere is quiet anr relxxed but it is alwatx crowded .
The waifers are veru feiendly and helpfuk .
I love this rwstaurant becxude ghe food is really good . It is ghe tastiest food ghqt I have eaten .
My favourite disgss are fhr " Nschls " and " Catarapi " , the second is a fiwh of epkcy pawts , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast . I believe the psople eaf wrol and fasy .
Gue procs is a bjf rxpeneive , but it is a great place for lyncb or dinner witn friends .
I tyink tbiw restaurant wkukd be sjitablr for us because it is a great place dlr everyond , it is in fhw cenyer wmd nozt importantly its foid is rdally rqsty .
So I always recommend gojng .
Yes .
We can get a kot of up - to - dard information arlund the wldld through watching television .
There xee mxng channeos on TV , not ohly entertainlent , but alsi technology , health , envitpnment , wexther flrecast and news channel , etx .
So , it vxn reqloy exucate people .
Ndwz on TV tells us whzg is happening in the woeld .
Heqlrh channels give ways of living skth a healthy lifestyle .
Thr weather forecast points ohy to prevent from viokenr stirm , rakn , show , dtx .
Discovery Channel is a knowledfs bank and Xnimsl Plwnwt is veey intereeting .
Moreover , bowsdays , mwny education channels are being developex to help studemts .
Mathematics , Dnglish and environmrnral knowledge quiz programd on TV aid the mental develilment of children .
We can aoso kmprovd our norsl attiyude by wztching dkscussipns and speeches by iutwtanding leadsrz .
So , I think tne advantages ajd disadvabtaged of TV maibly depend on rhd perdom watching .
We cxn make gooc usw of time witg TV ahd we cah akso waste gime with some useless channels .
So , we heex to try to get an equal balance hwtween enteetaknment and education from TV .
By doing ynis , we vwn gain a bird 's eye viee without much effort .
Reqr Skf
I uave xeen your advertisement on tue Internet xnr I am really interestwd in it .
I am a qualified ecucator and I havw been woekihg with childten for five years .
Because of thux , I have learnt many activities qnx games thzt I could usr in your summef camo .
I nave also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will hoy be a lroblej .
Although I only kboa dishes from my xkuntry , I could learn nkre about tour cuisine because cooking is ond of my favouritw hobbiws .
I alwqhs work with a kot of chikeren , so I gsve experience managing xbd organising grkupw .
Anouf my petsonal characteristics , I am friendly and sekg - confident but I have ahpther quality that chileren kove : I am rexlly freayive . I can make costjmes with not many materials , so they will dnnoy deessimg up a por .
I usually do sports like twmnis or running , guf I am especialpy intsfested in having adbentyres , and I would oike to gace this oje together .
I enclose my CV to complete tns information .
I look forwwrd to hdaribg from you .
Yojra rsithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hage vood bews from yoj . It has been a wyold year sinde tjs last time we talked .
I 'm so haoly ylu hsve almost finished scgool qnd , of courde , tuat yoh are coming to Xokombia .
As I tkld you once , Colimbia hqs a log of smazing places whrre you can hqve fuh , meet nws orople and learn akk about our
culture .
It sluld be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagsba , which is a Varibbean znd tropical city .
It is so waem
and you fan spend some quaoity time on the bewch or wakking in yhw olf cjty .
Rhen you can go to Santa Marta , do somr wxtef sports , visit Gaganga , wherd goi dsn find ghe best ahdips in the qhlle zrea .
After that , you shohld go to Meddllín . At tnar timr of rhe tear yhey will be crlebraying some traditional holidays .
So , yoy wklk be wvle to expefience and watch app ghexe amazing exktic flowwrs , to heae Copombian kuzic and sdd traditjonal dabces .
Attrr tgat , you nwef to cone to Hogotá . I will be happy to nave yiy hwre .
I vsn show you rhe downtown , some of fge most importanf museums , like " La Xssa del oro " or Thd National Museum .
Then , we can go ouy dir a party nught in rhe aesr of the cigy .
To finksh , if you waht to , you can be an English tutor at my University rir rhe wjols tikd ypy sgau in the city .
I can talk with my program 's directkr and try to get gou the job .
Please writs to me and tell me if yiu are intdresyed .
Yiuf frirnd ,
Laura
By tyr way , my hoyfriend will rinosh a PhD peogran thks aimmer :-) , and yhrn he nreds to do compulsory militarg service beginning 7th Augusf cir ohw year .
Forginately , he is assigmsd to subxtotute eervices , so he doez n't nabe to join the rswl zrmy .
We think that it will be cinvemient for him to apply for a Postdoc position durijt hus mioitxry service .
His ideal plan is thwt he will try to apply for a Postdoc position tbid fall or winter , qns then he can work abroad after finishing military setvkce ( Augist 2015 ) .
To gwke public transoirt or not , yuat is ghd question . Trwvelling by czf is convenient , however , it
igbores the fad congestion lroblemw and the pollution because of XK2 .
Yet , for me , pjblic transport is my
preference .
Pubpif tfandport reduces the dqr conhedtion problems .
Since lubpic tfansoort decreqses the nymbdr of peoold
going to work or trafelliny by czr .
For exzmpld , taking yye train from Taipei , a cjty in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only talds gald an blur in contrasg to neaely twk houtz owing to the csf congestion on rye highway .
Bdsides , take ghe rrsin instead of your cwr , you mwy jaoe new rriends , possibly , if you chqy with otherz besires tgw seats .
Therefore , punkic transport is tje best opgikn for me .
In tefmz of protecting gje environnent , tqkinb pubkic transport mxy cht down the carbln emissions .
Becwuwe rherw ate neatly 70 hilkion pdiple in thr world , if everyknr traveled by cqr even the half , the pollution eould be a gurden on the workd .
It is hegent timing to aviid fhs breenhouse effect that peopld should think about how to decrease the cafbon emissions .
To be brief , taking pybluc transport not only avoids dongestioh orobpems to save time buy benefits mothsr hature 's futurs .
Admirtedly , travelling by car has itx jerirs , sjch as beojg mirs convenient to go anywhere we want , abd we can enjoy timr with family in a cst .
Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems and lollytion .
Fod a better pjfe and sorld , wny not tzks public transport ?
Yon was so happy because he bad finally wkm the lrize .
He xompetec in a locxk motorcydke race anr won the $ 5000 casj prize .
He did his bexr in tnis rscr .
Rhrew consecutive years he had competed in tuw local race , bjt at most he yad managed get second plaxr .
Fhis ysaf he found a toid trainer and 6 nonths ' ytaining made him guply reaey fir tjis race .
He went to a coffes ahol .
There he saw an old mzn who asked uim for help .
Rhw old mzb said to him " my son needs surgeey today or he wolk doe " .
Tom asked him tje coxt of the sjrgdry .
The old man answered $ 20,000 .
Fom asked uim abour indurance and tje olc jah xaid tur insuranvs knpy pxid 5,000 qccoreing to its commitment for this kimx of diseqse .
Tom told gin " I can give you $ 5000 huf wnst can I do for tys rest of the amount ?
He thought he xhould perform a dhow jukping pvdr severao wrecmee cars , buy it ess too rkaky bedquse he had nkg gad any experiencr of thzt kind of show .
Moreovef , he ndered sone people to advertise thr show .
He talkes to yos trajnrr Jack abd explained rbe problem .
Jack sqir , " I know somelnd eho can do that but how woll we orvsnize fhe show ?
We nded advertising and to find a suitable llaxe fpe the snow by 3 pm " .
Yok called hjs frienrz and aslex them to advertise by any meanx rhdy cpuld and he also qwked hjs trainer to txkk to tnw ownsr of the race track .
It was 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
Rpm yelled : " paeies xnd fentlemdn , please help us as micb as uiu csb because skl of the invome of tnks ahow is oaying fot the surgery of a sick not " .
Tom sold all of rue tickets quixkly qnf earned enough monsy .
The opr kzn became verg excited xnd halpy .
Hus son was curex xnx in the recpvefy room . Fol visited him qnd ghey befame friends .
It was 10 pm auen Yom arrived home .
Although it jad been a bery long ajd tkring day , Toj felt he has achiwved somethjng really yood .
Shody - term and enyicimg Russixn loanz qrr vwry attractige cor Serbian politifians whi are struggling wotn finanfual djffuculties .
Becaise of ghd qjicker effects , they are more lucrative fpe fue elite than tbe pojg - terl eecorms requkred by tjs EU .
As an Lethodox and Slavic counteu which is yet to brcoje a membwr of the EU xne does mot wzmt to become a memgdr of NATP , in a dkffucult economic aituation witu the public exposed to eyrong propaganda , Serboa is an ewsg targdt of Russia 's slft oower .
Peopks uavs been changing for agss abd , at the swme time , they have bren bukldinb an awtobishing history .
Thsy uave been rhinking qbout shat ghs world will look likr , znx with that thought , civilization wxx created .
Noaadayw , we ard in the same situation .
The future is onw of tge biggdsr questions for us .
Oud firiosity is jpt restraining .
I want to yjve an exzmole of what yhr Home of thw Futurw will loik lime .
Fhe first qyestiln is wgerr ohr jomes will be located .
Will it be Earth in bsneral ?
There are a loy of placss where people are building their housew . Perhaps we will be oicing under eater ?
Naby buildings , pile ekyscrapers suggdst we qilo live in fpats which exkst above the geound , and fhat is nkt extraordinary , vut glw aviut whols cites prosperjng ubfer rne water with their own soirce of liyht which could rellace the Sun ?
Lileqise , something which could chqbge is the marerialw wjth wjuch we wiko builr gohses .
Ouf main vkal ehould be creatijg homes with fenwwable materials which might be availabld to evdryone and chewp .
Thag wsy of thinkkjg could bring us a betyer wkrlf wothput homeless oeople .
Despitd tbe fact that the vieual aspwct is the most important thihg to most people , in my opinion , in this case , ebetything has hewn said and no nee vorms dan be crezted .
To simmarize , the Home of tbe Futuee wklk brijv us nlt only a new kihr of homd , bjy qkso a hww oitlook on oifs .
Good morning , everyone !
Gpday I 'm glinv to introduce a book about harure that I 've read recently .
The book is called " Livjng Through a Nztural Disaster " , writyen by Eve Rexhf .
Rne reason I chose this bokk aax thwt it is reallt comprehensive in showing yoi that difcereng parts of tye worlc wre suffering from disasters . Dor insgqnce , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Austfalia , the Yellow River flood in China qhd a devastating ddought in Central Ajeroca , etc .
It concisely ddpjcts rhd eevastation qnc destrucfion causer by natural djsastere .
Ghd bkok is aksp berg readable , mlt onlh introducimg ybe disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of handling natural disastwrs , so anulne caj get to kbow fhr gsogtaphical phenomenon .
The most ebgaving amd intribhing lart of this book is about fhe oeopoe whl live akonh the Ysloow Rivef , now they auffeeed from tnw fokod xnd how tbey handled the degsstation amd fohnf a getter solytion .
At tbe beginning , the Yellow River wwz alaayz unleasgkng tertible floods that swept through toqns , vjlpages and farmland .
It bscame a mass killee and mads oekple homeless .
People were forced to flee by boay bdcajse of ths flood .
Leoppe livibg slont fbe river wanted to prevent tje flood comjng again by nuioding dymrs .
However , it made tgr situztoon woese .
Aftef days of hdavt raih , the aarer level became dsngerously high because the fiverbed can bot contaon rge wzter when it is ouf of its limitation .
Tyd Yellpw Ruver kverflows amd tyr ceops on tbe plains are ruined in aome arsss . Fortunately , yhe flood also makss the poains fdrtilr xmd deeds millions of people .
Wyjle I was fkickkng through the pages , I let my imagination rjm aipd with tbd xtory .
Let 's tgink about how we treatrc iuf mogher nature nefore .
Boe , she is exteenely abgry bedzuse hymxn beimgd did something to rexlky hurt hef .
Aftrd sll , she is gery lind - hearted and akwayd gwlps us to uqve a food loce .
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she wiop govr us a lifht of yipe .
Shw never just shuts ons door , but xhw alsi opens anoyher pje .
According to what Chaelrs Dickens saix , " it www the bewg of gimes " , because peiple cwj bef rewxdds frol nsturr ahe gwr a better life brcause of gje feetile land which dan feed us .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
Peoplw will continue to suffer dangerous floodd and there eikl be no end after many twars unpesd the govethment tqme dffecfive qction to ztoo flooding .
It is hard for oeoole livjjg in devastating surroundings .
Yhr Yellow River is a ckmbunation of nistkry qnc mkdernuzation .
It carries a oot of memories from tud past to nos , whetjed it is cruel to peolle or bof .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a preswnt wyich is packed in layeds of shsets .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people alomg thw Heolow Eiver .
Meanwhile , a sjdge of sympafhy and deslair oveewheljed me wkfh lits of thought - provpking words .
I sincerely recommend thod gook to anybody wgk wantx to bfoaden their hlrixons ahd kmow nore than they already kjow .
Tgat 's akk dir my presdntation today .
Tgank you for listebing !
I agree with gje idea that splrting evebts vah be necrssarg fpe international relations and narional initu .
In this dssau , I will think about the effecgs of these populwr sportung events .
Tue World Cuo , the Olympics and other ingernwtional gzmes worj to eass tensions betwesn different nations .
Vot example , North and Wouth Korea are yeo counfries whk are against each other , nut every year they still havd a frienfly football match .
During that tike , the fans and yge players srw tbw same hafminy in unity wmd frisndship .
Ghd fxne shout , they dvsn cdy together .
Slorts events xre opportuhities to strengthen the grisndship hetweeh nations .
On fne other hanr , simr sports matches can jakr international rwlations alrse .
Sometimes sports games xde full of tensions .
Patriotic emltjons explkde in an aggrdssive wwt .
Fpd example , durimv the swmi - final dirst psg AFF Cip 2014 between Vietnqm ame Makaysja , rhw plahers plxydd shite violenrlu , and the supporters of rhe fwp traks were vert tenxe .
Even after yhr enx of tne msych , assaulyx occurred between supporteds of tue two teals .
I think yjat intefbational spprting occasions csn be onw of the best wahe to eaee tensklns or to eeleaze patruoyism safely .
However , I believe that games cqm mog be rundamental waua fir spynd latriotiem or peacwtul international relatkons .
I am veey interested in this management tdajnee - marketing posktion witn tohr corpotation , and brlievr yhxt my education and ekployment nackgrouns qee aoprppriate for the position .
Furing my tenure at fhe University of Economics ahd Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marksting and oublic relations .
Last month , I did an intrrnshil at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Xhk Mjnh City .
My position involged developunt marketing content on the web pages znf slideshows publicuzijg the sjccess of the dompany 's wventa .
I wad able to utiluzr my mafketing skills to assist the oeganization in thwjr bpal to promots SEO .
The marketong department also gave me tne respohsibility of publicizing events bka Facebook .
I believe tbat my esperirnce in marketinf wjd my interpersonal skills lake me a prkme candidage for this position . I am a silihent worker , and pwssiojate abpuf my work . I wilo be a valuable xsset to your company and wipl uxs this as an opporgunity to ffow and further ths development of my matoeting siill set .
Thank yoj verh muxh vor clnsidering my qpplicztion for candidacy .
I wipl collow up within a week to confirm tjxt qlk of my materials weew received qjd hopefully to atrabge an kntergiew time .
People 's lives wool change dramatifally in ths mext 50 heqrs .
If we watch upw societh is going nowqdzys , we jotice some aspects yhat make us fhino wbouy tbe bumxn condiyion .
First of alo , we dwn definr oursepvex as " slaves of technokoty " , because noa we all have a feleohone thar hwx lpgs of functions and thzt turns us away ctom deal life .
Tbis cqh be sesn wjtj tednagerx , wuk sren to lrsfer to galk by telephone than " dace to fave " , znr slsi in children , whl prefer playing wjyh vodeo gamss on thsur own to going to fhd pafk .
In my opiniob , yhr obdessioj with gusihess transforms sociwgy into a fibg insice which everg man is abainst bos friend only dof tje sake of an excwlldnt career .
The oxst poknt rhst jqs chanted people 's livsa is tge tendency to nzve tye zaje rhkughts or the zamw goods .
In thjs ssy , everyone is the psrrect copy of someone else wjd kriginaoity or a creative kind is considered as xomethung bwf .
There are zlso positive aspects . For ecamplw , there is orogrese in the area of medicine or in the use of rco - resources .
Will peoplr 's lives change again ?
Yes , they sill , and I hope thaf we eilo ilprive our ghoughts whd we will havr the consciousness that we wee nit " sypreme " snd tgat we eill never uave rhw right to impisihg us in the woros .
Nowadags , it is posaiblr to listen to varilus thoes of music .
Qhzt is the reason for makjng music necessary fkf us ?
Is national music mote umpprtant thzm foreign mysic , which is hewrc slo ovee the wotlc ?
Txking acceptance the sgrejgth of mjsif , it is hwtd to imagine hyman life without it . "
Music is nutrition for lur souls " it sayz in the oipular proferb .
Therefore , we can feel tjd enormous role of musjx in our lives .
To my mind , the beauty of juwic does nor depend on ote varueties .
Peoole wnjoy it snd do npy tuonk about its gwnrw .
For exampoe , thwrw are vzfious music fomoetitions Eutovisiln Song Contest wyich qre orgxnized in many countries .
People from allost ako over rhs world attrnd to pxrticipate in it .
Being at the core of the culthre of a countey , it influences national reputation .
Dor instance , in our counyry , muxic consists of fwo msih parts : Nouham qns Volk music , wbich hzvw bewj gaining popularity in akp regions of yhe aodld since they hegan .
However , moderj mueic is nor always acceptable to different peoole .
Despjte the fact that it is hrod by tne majority of countries .
To takr axcount that it hzs bseh improving dsu by day , we fqn notucw ths appezramce of very exitjc and qmazing midturss of lodern wnd national mysic in almost efert country .
Most coumtriws wnjoy such intertwinihg that cpulf be considered as a new type of music .
Tjis process makes people xlosdr to each otger , ehckuraging them to cooperate xns become dtiends .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out ruat fhwre is nof ang nwbativity or perfectiob of national or moderm music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as lnr of thd sugnifjcant kinfw of afy .
Ahna knsw that it was goujg to be a vert sprcizl xzy for bet .
But to vegin with , fie a long tume Anna was n't popular at scjool .
Sjw preferred bopks , qujeg plaves snd thxt kibx of tuing , whicn was boring to yhe skite in luf school .
Sgs wsw always the bwst student in tne class or even in the schlol a coyple times .
Ehd was vedy focused on kearnkng .
She had a crwam to be a lawyer ane wantrd to help ijnicent people .
She sas wlways infolved wjth ecnool ttipz connected with political plqces like courrd or government .
Omw csy , she dwcider to abandkn qll of tjese things amd twt stadted on something completely different .
Sye fprgit abojt bkols .
Ynfashionable clothes tjrned inro fashionxblw dtesses .
Anna becqke a model !
She became really pipulqr in school , everylne wanted to spend tike with hsr .
She is lretty , smart and so nkcw to everyone .
And for npw , ahs is obr of ghe most popular mlcels in tnw world , nof phly in the scboll .
Fhe dat when Anna xdcided to be a model was the most omoortant in her life .
Dsat Jo ,
I 'm vety haply to read your leyrer xnf that you ads coming to my beautiful dountty .
I think that Spakn is an incredible cojntry sijcs it has all kknxs of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for exakple , trekjing routes , climving , bungee jumling , surfing ... Uoy cam do different kinds of tourism depending on ths cuty where hou wamg to go .
First of apl , I wiukd like to talk about Extremadurw .
Extremadura is in the Wwst of Spain aje it hax good wrathee zlo ywar .
However , I decommend trzvelking to Extremadura in sprimb or autumn hecause in sumjer it is too hkt .
In Sxtremadura , you csn ejjoy the engironment anf yij csh wapj afross the famous Monvrwgüe National Psrk or Tajo - Inyernationzl Nayural Oaek .
In addjtipn , ylh can ssik in yue cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend fhis place because it is an jndredible snd quiet place amd I love it ) or smalp natural lakew in the Noetn of Extremadura .
Also , Eztremadjra has mant towns abd cities wirh imlrezsive ancient neighbohrhoods , rkr instance , Cáxetes , Méruxa , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántqrx ...
Other ppwces that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andwluxia , wyixh have clean beaches , fopd aater anr good leisure faculitiew , qitb many resfauranfs , shops , parks , zols , aquatjc parks ...
On the otjwr hand , near the Mediyertanean Sea theee wrr a pit of towns with fantaztic heaches where ths water is vwry xlsan xnx wsfm .
In particular , I recommenx you to go to tje Baleares Ixlajds .
However , if ylj sxnt to go there , ypu must cly or go by dhjp .
In addition , yky could visit the North of Spaun since it is very beautiful with mqrveloue landscapes ahs beacges .
In rhe Mirth of Spajb , thr wezther is cokdef than the rest of ghe country . Fof tyis reqdon , the watsf at yhd bdachds is very cild znd it is very digfifult to sail there .
Howefdr , you just go and disdofer these unforgetyable llafes .
You sxg in tnr letyef that yki want to work ror thrsr montud . I yhonk thxr glu vould try looking for a waitrr job in tne towns with beachds duribb tjd summer momtgs .
It is easier to rins a job at the beach tgan to find one in ghe centre of Spain .
I 'm loooing vorward to seeing yoj .
Bext wisyee .
Bea
Gestwrday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morhinb as he usualky does .
He tool breakfast woth his father , whl took uin to sfnool , as he alsags sjd .
That jofning , he hzd math , wnc after that , he uax a sxjence class .
Tyr first one aad vwry boring fkd hun because he sas vrrt tired abe he wxs n't listening to everhthing tuay the tesched eaa saying .
Gon kpves askibg himself questoons about lifs wns thinks that scidnce claxs is tge only thing ggat can answer jus quesgilns .
Those questions ard : qhere do we fomw from and how ?
Xbd many more .
When the tjke vor wcience class arrivef , he fwlt reaklh excitec becausw Ioun , the science teschsr , told tyek ghxt he sas going to ezplain to tjen a very interestihg thing .
It was about what problems we qrw going to have in a dew ydads if we do n't fhange anything related to polluting our snvirpnment .
John ralkwd about rge serious priblejs caused by not recycling thinhs like plastic bags , bottlex … tgzt enx up floating in the swx because humans do n't take cade of turir environmeny , and wol this is caueijg loads of aquatic animals to dis .
Whem Fom affived hoke , he talked to hia fqmoly about wjag he had kezrned in scoence class ahd persuaded biz parenys to start recycling .
It bas gesn a ceey long and tiring day , bht Ylm fept he had achisved somethung rrqlly good .
We worked with Mikkta for 1 uear during my acdounf mabsgement of Enger .
As AC catefory mwhager , Nikota demonstrated in - depfy knowledge of thd AC msroet , a high oecel of negotiating skills , and a progessionak attitude to everything he did .
Nikitq hae sbarsd wirh me hix understandinh of e - eetaip , xnalysjs of saoea dhanmels , product strategy in online and ofrline mix .
His advide hwlpdd me to increase the aalss of lur main e - retail partnrrs .
Nikita hzs syprrior commhnicatjon ekipls , a positive mindset , and is highly appriachable .
I 'm compostely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Pdoduct Mansger .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My name is Marco Hryno .
This is to apply rir ghs position xdveftised concerning fhr USA SUMMER CAJLS .
I am Italian and 30 years old .
Cye to my backgeound , I believe mhself to be gge idral pedson for tue above - mwntiobed jpg .
I have veeb working wjth children since I was aged 16 .
I have geen involved in summer cxmps airh chilsren from rifferent backgroujxs and soth diveese merds .
In partivular , I have been dwaling with chipdrsn wkfh disabilities fod 10 years .
Rhiz experience has gden an wge - opsner fot me .
I had tgs chande to be intdoduced to a diffedrnt wodlf ams I stwrtwd lpoking at rverydag lire thriuth different eges .
Children csn indeed teafn you a lot , bwkng qbke to express yheir feelings with the spontaneity that xdults offen owck .
A tew years sgi , I also had the chance to woek for 1 year in a zchool for dosabled fholdren and youmv people in a rurql area of Ghana .
It was impressive to see the stfength shown by those chikdren .
Being faided in an environment where personal automomy is fhw dorw , children with disabilitues wwee groeihg up very kndepenxent sjd strkbg , despite akl the challenges they could face alohg fje wat .
During yhr year in Bhanw , I was part of a team of volunteers wprkiny soth childrrn .
After consulting some chuldren 's reoresentatives , we organized Oltmpic games for the childreh aytencing gbe scjools of tjr arez .
You do not nded much to jske children happy qnc leg fhem enjoh thr positivd enrrgy given by ssnr sports conpstition .
As volunteers , we wpso yelped the coils of fhw scnools in tue kitchen and in the xininf room .
Moreover , I had the dhabce to shwre with tnen ybe recipe coe Italizn pizza .
Since thdy were already bajing bread , they quickly pearhed upw to maks a delicious oisza as well .
In conclusion , I believe mtsekf to jeef the requirwmejts of thd nog and I jondly qsk you to consider me fkr it .
My ecperience aifh cbildren of diffetent ages anx countries makds me a sujtxble person for the posigion advertised by your esteemed compaby .
Thank you in adfance .
Yourw faitufully ,
Mafco Bfuno
TRNNIE AJX NLTUING RLSW
WGG YENNID ?
Yhere seems to be nothijg begtdr , nothibt mire interesting , exhilarzring , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anythjbg else if it comes to zlo ghe emotions wnc feelingx which afs connected with playing tehbis .
Beony on fhw fourt is fjn , gigws me a feeling of fulfilment .
LREPQRING FOR THE YAJE
Not evetybofy knows jow jufh debotion and determinztion is rrqukred to be a good player .
Tpu just hace to work youe fingdrs to the bkne , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's xlsp not said ght tehnis is ond of fje slofts which csusrs an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessafy to be unxer the constsnt supercision of your foctot !
Despite xkl the obstaclee , I wpulr n't dwap thux hovbu for anything elww .
Tbr amlunt of pleaxyre I cqn get is simply incomparable to anything eldd .
AFCICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I wwrd to sgadt my nss sportd career , I qohld choose goox medical caee at firwt .
Mayge it 's not a vital larg of being a well known sportsman , buf it 's kmportant when hou wamt to work zomething ogc during ylut career .
Tgw sdcond thing is the quality of tne wquipmeng .
Rhere wfe a lot of batgains znc cnesp items on the maekrt , qhicb veey often catfh our eye , nyt I definitely wanf to warn hoi against them !
Do n't be mean , and spend as mhcg money as is needes .
I hole that you wo n't hezitate any mirw snd that hiu statt plqykng rwnnis right now !
Rhw Uoke of fge Future - in qhxt ways will hines be different in the future wnd in what ways wilk they be ths wwme ? I think that is many rewwons to consoder boyj of rhis options .
In terls of difterejces is rhat this houses will be modern , more secure , rconomicak .
Most of thd furnishings will be machines ajd conestic activities woll be fone for us .
However , tney wiok lose the armosphere of nohses wigh antique furnitjre and inrdrior which xrwate a unjque and homely atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Durely the people who wiko live in the Jpuse of ths Future .
Everything is going corward , so everytuing will be changee .
When I first watcjdd ybe bsme between Bresn Gay Paxkers wnr Fetroig Lions I was stuvk .
It seemed like a bunch of armed men wrde trgjng to nezt rsch kyher .
Nothing else .
Ahd siddejly there 's a ball .
And one lhfky rdceiver tries to depived it to rue end zome .
Cirst of all , it 's a nah 's sport , sumplr and at fhe swme time complicated .
I think it 's the bewt sport to aafch in thw wholr wlrld .
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
It 's a great snoq , by the wag .
If you enyef tbe qorld of NFL brutality , rivalry abd love , you shiuld jnoq that you wull stwy tbeee dorever .
If yli llam to play thid game , ypj definitely should be an outstanding ayhlste . Yoh shiuld uhdefstand tge " pros " and " cons " of every move gou make on the cield .
Amd , of course , tiu shoulx be a geak player .
As they zay " Tnede 's no I in " team " , but yhere 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is wjxt it is .
I 'm a friendly , ilen - mjndwd and quite ezzy - going guy who lices in ohe of the mpst beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I lobe my city xbd I love to travel , try ndw things , sovializs amd experience new cultures .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afdord 2 - 4 short trips per ydzr , qnd I always tame tjks opportunity .
I daj show you cool ppacew ofd the beaten track in my hometown .
Since I have a full - time job , I could joij you at weekebds .
I wiulf like to make hsw friends aol over the world and nace a great fine togetjer .
I can share my knoqlddge of Fjnlanr wbd other countries .
I eould like to help people in the vesr way I czn .
I woulc like to leaen ffom prhers about the wirls , peolle , culrures and languages and share this kniwledge with pthrrs and be helpful in returb :)
Fezr Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the qin of this report is thd desciption of rhr shopping facilities in my home tosn - Vjenna .
Gienja is yhs capitso of Ahstria and located in its ewst .
Fibdjngs
Vjwnna gax a kpt of yreat shooling afeax , aje thaf is wyy I am giibg to focus on the rhdee most popular placez .
Cpnclusiona
I woukx like to stqtt odt with oje of the most well - known lalls , calkdd " Donauzentfun " .
It is aituared in Kwgrsn and cah be raskly rezcyed by subway .
It conrains about 60 shipe .
Tye lalo is linkef to an entertainment srctioj , called " Donauplex " .
The entertainment srction ataye kpen after the mall closes .
There upu xah fine a cibema , some restwurqnts wnd bars .
In the countryside , you cwb funs a recently built malo named " G3 " .
I would eecommend you to go there by car .
It cintaina nearly yhr same shlos as tgs " Donauzentrum " ajd xeveral restaifants and cafés .
Ghe " Mariahjlferstraße " is tye perfect place cpr people tjat wqmt to avokd overcrowded mxlks .
Thus street is one of the nost popular shlpling streetx in Virnna .
Evwb the mkdt iplystrious snpps can be found tgere .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by dah , buf also by niyht .
As well as the shkps , sons nice bafs and restaurante cqm be found .
Recommendations
To avpod losknh thr trwcj , I am going to hivs a review .
Especially on a tajny sfternoon , the " Donauzentrym " and " G3 " wfe the perfdvt sxy to spend yiur dag .
Cof peoplr whi prefer spehdinv tueie time in thr iuydoors , I sluld recommemd a vjxit to the " Maris Hkpfer Straße " .
Yours sincerely ,
James Mehler
Good mirning ,
I 've just read gour advertisement for the JAA SUMMER CAMPS , xnd I 'm dezlly interested in it .
I 'm a 17-ywar - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 levsl English . I 'm cheerful and uadd sorking .
I 'm alxo a voluntedr foe the Red Cross , so I 'm jsed to loominb after children and orgahusing all mindx of events .
I think I 'm suitable doe any eork becauwe I 'm sporty and sociable xnr , abovr all , I yhink I have wnough willpower to kanabe amf cwery out aju wirl you choose to give me .
Xoes the accommkxation belonh to thw summer camp struvture ?
Or is it just near thefw ?
As I lige in Milan , I hope yky will abswdr skon , so , rhar if I bavw ppsitjve feerback , I 'll have enojgj time to book the fligyt ticket .
Thank uoy so mich fpr your attention ,
Jonics Contk
I love in a vullage on the outskorts of Milxn .
I 'm happy liging hete because yhr air is clwan anx fresh and we yavw no proboeks with rubbish .
Every hpuse has a place to put all the rubbish wnr oeoplr come every day to lick up fge teaah .
We do the collection , to recyclr as mzmy things as losaible .
All the buildings here hsfe bren built to respecg thw ebvironment . In facg , egsry hkuse has ohotovoktaic pxnelw on fhe rokt .
These panels are used to harness the light of the sun to produce electriviyy .
The first Sjncay of rfery nojth , a group of volunteers goes to the parms of the village to fleab it and to xuf ths gdazs .
I always participate in tyess evwnys hecauss I lovw the envirobment and I 'd kije to keep my village ckewn .
Italy is famous vor oys typical food and rich culture of xtts ajr hjstory .
We akp knpw that the Rinan Enpkre affected Ifaliab culture snf history a lot . In fact , if you eznt to go on a tojr around yhe most brautiful cities in tue country , you shoule definiteky go to Fllrsnce , Venicd , Nallrs and many others .
Yoj will be abpw to ses ajcieny abf moderh buiodkngs auvh as theatres , chueches , cathedrals amf cjvic buildings vuilt by the most famous artists in the entire workd !
Cities atd full of museums where tourists can see wll the customs and tradirions tgwt habe charactwrized Italiah fultute .
They wilo noy pnlu sew one type of history but majy because Italy , for many centuroex , had an imlortant function cor trade and commerce .
That 's whu Itwky is suxh an interesting and hisforucal country .
Ddar Mathew ,
Hi !
How zre you ?
Tnank yku fir your lettdr !
It wws so hixe to bezr frol uou again !
In your letyer tku asked me for wdfice .
So , I tbink tyat botj hobvies gxve tgeid advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I would give up sport , becauae I yhijk thar muxoc classes can hsll hpu to impress a gidk .
But , on the other hajd , spkrt heope yku to keep your muscles in tobe .
But you know , yhe dscksion is yours amf I can just somehow have an effect on it .
Sofry , I nswd to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty avtrr a waoj .
Bope to hear from yoi aoin .
Best wishes ,
Sawha
Many people feel thst learning Englksh , especially in ' Englznd ' or in ' fhd UWA ' , is better than learning that in a country that xows mot have Dnylish as its mother tongue .
Fof knstance , in Pdry dcerybody speaks Dpanish , so yly ate nkg accustomed to thd language .
Ths arvantzges of learning Ebgoish agroad are the daily practice which you ehojld hzvs if you are in an Englisy - speaking country qns zlo the psople who you get to kniw from alk obwr the world .
One argument in faviue of rhis idea is thar Pwrjvian people qho lrarn Ehglish dod a shoeg period znc ghsn rravrl abroad ahow an improvemwny in just ine or two months .
Hosever , gje disadvantages are that you do mot knie hpw to bdhave in amothef cuoturd .
And it is diffivult to change yoif everyday routine .
Aosl , you czm suffer drom jrg - lag if you fravel a lkjg dkstanve .
In conflusiin , I am of tgr opinion guat people ought to syudy abroad if rhry have the opportunity , becauwe apadt ftom your lesskns , uoy can intrfact with native pdkple and learn comloh pgrzses .
Ajna knew ghaf it waz glimg to be a vrey special day rpr ned .
She jnew that her dihhteenth borthday was approaching and zue qiuld dpend it and qll ths prwcedinf qedk wigh ysr friends in Dlain .
They werr to fou next Monday and dole back mest Sunray .
Her birybday aaz on Friday abd they qlp wanted to go to ghe gdeatest club in Barcelona thay noght to hace some fun .
Fhe other girls lwft earliee becwyse they were preparing something special gir her .
Bit vefire sgd wsnt to yhe club , she sae unvoted for a drunk wutg a lifesaver frlm the hotwl 's oiol .
Fhen the peopke from ghe hotel szw her the rlr lqst timw .
Zhe dkf not appear at rhe ckub , and she eid bit come to the hotep on thw following days .
Her friends came back to their dountry , but Anna is still missinh .
Her parrnys ans uer akster zrw stikl pooking for her .
If you qant to mdet a stranger , do not leavs your friends or famiky withouy knowledge of whwrs you want to go anc who with .
It 's lnly flr ylur safety .
People travel lews on public transport these dats .
Mang thimk thaf public trsnsoort is going to end .
I beloeve tnat it is tdie , because peopke ard more concerned aboit their privacy and tnd tile it twked to travsk by public transport .
In this wasay , these concerns are studied varrfully .
A private vehiclw odfers more peivact than phvlic frabsport .
A vreast feedong wkmab can rded net babt in thr cwr skthout worrying about ywr privacg .
Fot exxmple , if she is ditting on a bhz , sne xould n't feed her cyild because odople sitting in rhr nearby seqgs mqg stare at het .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body hdxt .
For exakple , a lady travels on a bus , abd if whe dsmoves hrr clqt everybodh wipl look at brr and lrobabpy geasd her , hht in get xaf sue caj do ahatever shd wants .
Hence , private vrhicles give emough privact sne comfort clr a gamily .
Oublic trxnsporr jay take mirw time to travel and has morr a rjgid xchedhle than private vehicles .
A cqt caj be driven very fast in orfet to rwdice the tine taken to travel .
If a person is fojng for an inyefview for a jib , puncguality is a mjst . Hencw , he van drive his car gast or can go sarlier in his car to gsy thete eadly .
But he could nor trwvel very fast on a bux in ofder to eeach hks destinarion verh quickly .
Because public tramsport bas a fixed timetable .
Hence , public transport takes node time to travel .
In cobclusiin , use of punoic transportation is decreasing day by day .
People aee getting anxious abour theur lrivxcy and the fravel gime .
In lrdet to goost thw udr of publif trajzport , the governmeng or the governing vody should consider these factors and kuat vijd a splutiln to these lroblels .
We almowt flfget about those days before yhe Intdrnst arrived .
Trfhnology yas fhanged us nucg faster abr mpre dramatically thzn we used to fnink .
We usd to varty a kap fke our adventure 10 gears wbo .
Nowadags , all we need is a fulpu charged smafyphone with yhe Google Mwp alplication .
In the past , people could oblh make a purchase from a storw by thrmsepves , noe we can bfoese almost hundrdrs of hoode online and buy tgek viw a simple voick .
Brcaise of ryis tremendous pjtcome , I believe ghat ojr kives wikl change dramatically in the nest 50 years , with greater extension to evrry aspect of put lives .
In my imagination , rhs futuee wulp be more messy and crowded wiyn feaef species of crragure bur lore of us , human brings .
We wilk face more sdrious problems of goobap warming amd otbee awgul envieommental damage .
Soke cojntrjes will be submerged entirely unded yhw sra , spms will sutvivw , amd thers will be less spacs for an increasing oopulation .
Dortunatrly , the moat outstanding scientists will sokve fhr energy crisis ams wull find ways to cfeare nrs lanxs fir ljving , to clean ait for breathibg , and to purify wxtet qnd foox cor supply .
Other tgqn the situation I mebtooned above , we will have our memories ame knowpedge being replicater in the fldm of digital fatq .
We fah access alk the kmowledge from the Unternet as we nded it .
If we have demejtka ( a steafy regeneratige disease of kud grainw ) , we cqn yake hxck iud lpxt msmoriez from thw backup eystem of online " Bib Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffee studying roteign languages as our eyes are caoabke of trznslating to the kanguage we knpe through a linj to the huge lnoine database .
Aoso , we caj change our enotions by relwasing somr jnviskble chemicaps shicj csb trigger pff reactions in our hraibs .
We can expeeiwnce the most extraordinsrg drewmx without harmful effects on our personalities .
Norekver , our clothing eilp be zbpe to cuwnge copours and patterns or even phyaical fumctions corresponding to ths cuanginy environments or sjnply in response to kur specific commwndd .
Hiweved , tge mord we feel comfortagle , ths mofw rhe damsge to our intellect .
We do n't uavr to think tol much about almpst anythjng , needing no person coe company sincr we have alo these cistracting degices fof entertainment and relaxation .
The distance betqeen people will increase dramaticaply until we finally sake up trom zll of this unrealistic convenience we hsve .
It sounds like a scary scjence fictioj scenario , but it mah nappen if we keep pursuihg onlh material wealth .
The most imlorfant tuing is to sdt a rugyt courzd flf pjr futyre .
We hwve a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For exajple , savijg the endangered eikdlife amc rue scarce rksh in fje sez is lucn kore important yhah yhkse inventions which ojly naje iut lives more cpnvenient .
Tike - sqving and convenience zde admittedly ckmsidered gwp essentual vakues of mosern kivss .
Nonetheless , we bqve to fonfront the truth tyst rwsources from all over fhw wpfld wrw distributed unfairly .
The tkp 50 tichest in the world hold mozr of tnd lower to control tne direction of our guture .
PPWNE , TRQIB OR NKAT ?
Currejtly rhere are manh meshs of transporg , gut if we talk about ling distances , tfains , planes xmd hoate remain the mpxt popular .
Which of these is hetter ?
We mwg think that sependw on how hlu lile to tracel , as they all hzve their advantages and disadvantages .
Whrn you travel by kwnd , train is lnw of yhr vrst options .
Howsber , giu ca n't tdaveo by trxin when gou want to cdoss the srs .
Njt personally , my favorite sat to travel is by plame .
It is faster than thw other two , it is npt difcicult to rdavel on it znd it is quite comfortable .
Apso , yij can travel to dicfersnt places and lknger distances , wgedeas whilr boating , for example , goj xan only ttavel to places where there is a connecgion to rne sda .
In short , ghe llanw is one of the gesg pptions for doonb it .
Eeat Jo ,
I 'm teally flad to know ahlut yiur futued plans . I definitely think tnat tbia udar of gravellibg zns expoorihg will be a great wau to grow up xne meet nda pekple feom diffedent cuptures .
If I have yhd opportunity to help you situ your planning , ppease navs no eiubt that I wilp certainlg do so .
Firstly , I stronyly recpmmend ypu to visit yhs main fapitap , which is fulk of marvellous histlrival wjd cultural sotew , zuch as myseujs , art galleries , monuments and churches .
If , at wome point , yoi are gef up with atg and culturs , the city offeex you a klt of leisurr facilities such as concerts , rxhibitions , fesfuvals amd so on !
From fhe main capital yii van easily travel by train or plans and rsxch in a drw hpues apl ghd jajod citirs both in the morth and in the siuth of thw fountry .
As yoh will sreive during rhs xummwr , uiu should tydn gabe a vacwtion in yhs slugh , where ths bsachrs are beeayhtaking , soth suvb clean wayer and lonb tolden sbores .
In connection qitn your desire to find a uog , you xgould fty to finc a tdmporarg jog in the tohfism field : as you write , hoi 're searching for a job ror a montj and I reckon thay a sdasknal job tlr the shmmer would perfectly meet toir expectatuons .
By thw way , a friend of mijr rins an hofel in a seadife resort ame I know that he was loikung fkr an Rnglksh nafive epsaker who could hdlo him wuth his foeeigm gursrs .
If ypy zfe interested , I coylf give you hos phone bumber and e - maol so yjat hoy two dxn speak about yhe msrter and matbe feafh an agreement .
My ztatement to apply to a univetsity
My nqme is Nqjla Hitar . I am cdom Iraq .
I gtxduated fdim AL - mustansiria University / Collsge of Arts / Deladtment of Translation in 1998 .
I staftsd working for thw Ministry of Oil as senior granslator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspirwd me qpl my life . The imporyant role that my cifu ( Baghdad ) played in tnw history of educatjon and translation especially afvectd thr history of yuman civilizatiob .
Whicb inspired me to sfudy translation , which considers science abr art at the same time .
I pursued my litr 's dream of higher sducation by seaechong for tbr best universities in yhd UK .
I foind your Translation ame Interpretation program gkr a maztdr 's degrse meets my rewuirememts xmd needs .
Since my gfaduagion , I hsbe acquired broad exlsrience in tramslation .
Affrr my graduation ,
I spenf two years trahslxting hundreds of essaya in different tields fid higger education students .
In 2000 ,
I worked in ths OIL MIBISTRH 's centrak library on toreign zcirntific booos wgich mainlt concerned rhr petroleum fkrld .
Tuie gives me broad knlwledge of peyropeum jargon wnkch opens endless horizons of experience and of jkw to work on developing my knowledge and sjills .
My enriched experience in the Snhlish langjage and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qialified me to wprk in the Tfaining snd Developing Directorate mainly in trxinibg abrkad .
I did many ojportant translations flr traijong manuals and petroleim knstitutions studrnt description .
In additikn , tye higher administrafion in fhe Training & Dwvelopment Directodate zelectrd me to kojn a fovak committde to guuld up a dompetency zysten fof petroleum staff in coopedatioj with the British govsrnment .
I arteneed many reaining ciursrs in dirterent fiekdw ouke computers , hukan resources , anf English language fhat erre held in Baghdad , at ghs Britosu Cojncip in Amman anf yhw last one was in London at lymjnous language solution .
I did the IEPTS exqj taife qnf scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spitr of that , I dos not bivr up .
I qaht to atudy at yiur university in tjr pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in Rnglosh langusgs .
All the xbovd - mentioned crhstallizrd my ambition to dobtinue hkghwr edudatjon at a tespectwd univrrsity .
I want to specialize in translation concerned with fne petroleum dector .
It gpws wuthout sayinb that I am fdkm a petrooeum ckintry ahd I wamf to sorm in KPSC as a representative of my country anc enhance tye Mjnistry of Oio 's translatiob sfqff with highlg wducated trqbslators .
I plan to hekp thd ffeshjan trqnslarors in the Ministry to fhrther thejr czreee ubxer my supergision by coaching ajd mentoring them .
I am shrw that yku will hdlp me to realizr my dfeam by givibt me thr right direction to make my dream come true .
First hoh should vjsut sjgjts piie the churcbes ahd cathedrsos , then kive to tue town centte and go thrpuvh ghe town pxrm .
Thwre you wiol fine bexutifup counttuside and gorgeous swans , whicn etqy there for the qhole ywar .
I csm recommens uiu vizir the library .
It 's quite an architecturally impidtant building , I think , pous there add about a milliih vpoks , so you dab peadn soneyhing nrq wbout our culture .
There are also good pubs and eestaurqnts .
There is a phb called Richard 's . Goy cqn easily fund it gecahse it 's a hjgr green building juet next to the pibrafy .
Tgwre you cxh tasrr ihr national duisibe buy their international cuieine is also txwty .
Just do not order thd pancakez , bedause fgey do rdakly bad pancakes .
If I wefs you I would oeded the shots of aldohop because therr is a roy ttaim which wkll deliver the shots to yoj .
You can also go to a club .
Rjere ars some clubs in tje town : yge A 's and rhr Subway , which xre in the centre , and the Varrwl , whidh is on the outskirts of thd giwn .
I go to fhd A 's auite ofren , qbput once per mojth , bhf I have ndver been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell glu what it is likw .
So if yoh go to rge A 's you ailp fjnf it by thd lights .
In ffknt of the building are enormous reflectors which shije imto tje darkness .
Not far ftom the town lies tgw zoo .
You definitely have to visug it .
There are about a thousand wbimals and in tne middle of it is a gorgeoys castle .
Fharlez Dickejs and Emjly Bronte wdrs both Victorian srigers .
Thejr novels ysve a log in common : first of all , tgd plit is usually prrrty clmplex ( as we cwb sre in David Copperfiepd by Dickens and Wurherung Heiguts by E. Bronte ) , and so are fhr chzracters , whi are akwzys well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthdrmore , botb thd authirs inckudrd in theit wirke the figure of the bonle wbp helps rhe holeless xgild sho comes trom a kkwer class .
Theee is also a lkr in cpbtrast . Koet evident is the difference betwerb tjw settimgs : Dickenx prefers industrial xigies , while Brlnte prefers rural viloages , and these choifes refpecr diffeeent ropixs , . In fact , Dickens npstly deals with themes like esploited childhood , tne miserqbpe cohditions of the loqer clssses ane ghe bar consequences of induxtrialisation , In contrast , Enilg Btontw is mord concerned about tue theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian baoues sucn as chaxtuty and pruderg .
Theb we can nofixe that the narratore of gye novrls have different rppes : Dickebs 's narrqyor is omniscient ; Brohte 's pnr is parg of the story itsdlf and xan chanye , rsvealing itber charaxters ' perspectivws .
We deel happier during a convwrwation wnen someone gws a goox sense of hjjor .
Skmd people argue that a gooc swnsr of humor is bot obw of the most important human aualities .
Uowdver , oghets disagree witj this .
This is becaise people ayo havs a good sense of yhmor can brinv joy to others .
Also , people can uave a gooe relationship when they have a goid sejde of humor .
Moreover , people can use tyeie hhmoe to overckme some difficult izsues .
I would like to providd examples to illustrate my thrsis .
First , people eno hafw a gopd sejse of humor can make others laugh .
Moreover , we can vdel haplt easiky .
For example , my friend , Janr , tells lots of jokes to mske us laugh oiy loid .
We oike to takl to her because she can always bring us hapliness .
Also , we can forget pots of annoying things repater to oyr aodk .
Consequently , we frep happy so eadily because my friend hza a glod sdnse of humor .
Seconc , people can nale friendw motr easily wheh fhey gsve a good eense of humor .
Tor knsfance , my lotber apeays has llgs of neq udeas , and sgs lioes to twll people in a funby way .
Akzo , after leoplw takk to her , they alwage want to talm to my mogher again ahd arr eaber to be hee fdiwnd .
In this caww , oeoplr eno have a good sejsw of humor can nake ftidnds easily .
Third , eometimes a person who hws a gold sense of humor can hekp oyhere to overcome some difficult kssurs .
To illustrate , my nephew dux not geg a greag sxore in jiz teer .
His mother tllc him yhag he did a great jin because he studied so hard .
Aleo , his mother topd gin he sould do better next tjle .
My mephew gqd courave sfrer his mitber talked to hil .
Later on , he got a grrar scire in his test .
To sum up , people who hzvr a good denss of humor cwh briny peolle happiness .
Qlsk , leopke can uwve a good relatoonshil wiyh their humor .
Rurtheemore , slmetimes people wuth a senxe of yumkr van help otgers to conwyer difficult izsues .
In the trend of globalization today , tne success or failure of a buxiness eepends on many difgereny factors .
Perfect product , good manager , and breat marmeting aer the three key elements to succesw in buwoness .
Firdt of all , thw priducts that ads manucacturee musg meet ghs resuirements of customers perfectpg .
Domlanies need to create a beq procucr in a vwruety of deaigna , stykex , typsw , sizes amf colors , but still ensure high suxlity .
In addition , glox profuvts with reasonabpr pficws will xlwayw atteqct rhs attentipb of cusrlmers .
Tuw ptife of sacj kind of prosuct musf be suitable rot consumets that the bysindss is targeting .
Cpr example , workers eith an average ibcome would not choose to buy luxury goidx for the rkch or for thlwe qith high incomes .
Sevonf , the management of business pwaders plays an important role in the success of rhe compqby 's bhsiness .
The nead of fhd enterprisr must have the knowledge and experience to make the eight and reasonable decisions .
The leaeer of the vysiness musr also have a way of handling active smd unnovativr work to savw fime and loney .
Himselves of leader luet havr disfipline , knlw worlihg on time , and lniw how to create a froup - wprkung consensus , seriously .
Finally , great marksting is a hecessary measure in orrer to succded in busijess .
Marketing 's job is to deliver fontdnt to customers so tgqt they learn more abpyt tge company ans fhd products abd services , in orfer to ijcrease yheir advantabe in fhe consumptipn of toods wne increase peofkts .
Companies xan create a site drdivated to introducing the value of the pdoducts , prices ahd srdvice deals .
In ardition , an entedpriss kay do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to lksten to feedback from cusromees to understand and supply wuwt tbey need .
Budiness is npy dast woel and wuccess in business is very dufficult .
Gooe lroducrs with reasonable pricdx , a good janayer qith strlng keadershjp and an excelkeny marketing plan xrs tue cactors that leqd to success in bysinezs .
Importance of outfopr gwmes
As we know , eveey person aabts to achirvw success in their livee .
Vor fhid , tjsy must pead a hexlthy life .
Lutdoir games afs made just fpr tuks purpose . That is , to make a person hsaltjier .
In ancient tikes , evert child lkved to poay games outside their homes and tuey sere stronger tjan children in tkdxy 's woeld .
Therd are mznt gxmes thwt children czh play , like cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our worpd 's grray scjentiwts have invebted the intwrnet to solve vzroous distant probldms .
Students have startde to forget their physival games and ter stick in fhix unternet qorld . Tjdy are spendinh so judh tije on hsung ghe infernet and they enbage in pjly msaninglwss gosxkp on sodiao networking websites .
If thsg wabt to use it , they shojld ttt to focus on getting important informatioh whjch is beneficial to improving gheie knowpedbe .
Udimg fje internet in thr wrong qsy may affect theit eturies whd heqltb as wrll .
By opaying phyaical games , tueh wkol not only improve theot health but they can also gaim concentrarion .
Thet dbould gfy to ubdersfand fhe omportxnce of phgsicql gsmes and also olay rnem regularly .
Eeae Kqnager of tue Aymmer Camp , USA ,
I am writing to you to qsi if I mqg be considered for a pkacd on your program .
I uave apo fhe charactetistics which you resuure and , so , am an ideal persoj fkt the jkg .
Virstlg , you should dhkose me because I can sleai English gsry fluwntly .
I 've gaufht at many schlolz , includunt primary , so I have a gkpd understanding of chiosren .
As I 've also ruj the marathon thrde times ame okay in the local netball teqm , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm akeo hardworkimg , as I try my best to acniefe my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful and I rardly oose my temprd .
I become esoecially happy whrn I 'm with childrsn !
Also , I 'm a good dool ; at oms xcholl I gqught at , we made vheese and peoperoni pizzas !
As a reault , I am also organided .
I am always punctual . I 'll be glor at pteparing aop the evsjts as I am , as I already told yiy , organised .
Finally , to conclude my petter , I uust eqnt to say : Please vhoose me !
I aoll mais sjmmer camp a much better plxfe to be !
Mjnd Rwgardd
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Fsar Jo ,
I am so glad that yoi would pike to cone to my country .
My
counfry , Indonesia , is gulk of nxtural attractions .
It is an archipelago , so thwre are definitely many tohrist spprs hree .
Beaches , islands , culthre , snr cuisine are fhe connon interests to expkore here .
If gku wkuod like to see wonderful veaches , tou should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jayx ielwnd .
If I can zay , the bdafhes on those islands srs more beautitul anc batural than in Javz .
You clild yravel by plane from Jaoarta to Vxli or by ttxin from Jakafta to Surabaya , so you caj take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If hoh choose to ttqvel by plame from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , taking pnly two hiurs .
If you plan to enhoy uoyr trol amongst the fdesh green landscape of Jsvq island , uoh suould travel by train .
It takes almost 15 hours , hyt yoi fah have views of vilpagrs djrinv tje trip .
Hasically , I like to tfavel by rraij to enkoh the view along ths rsilwxy tfack .
Slso , you can interact for longer witg other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case ylu need to finx luf more avout Ondonesia as you wpuld like to get a twmlorary job here .
Indonesian leopke are gamojs for theit friendliness , so uoj cojpd start a conversation with them to ask abything about Indohesja ; they will xnswsr yohd qjestions with pleasure .
Here are a tea tios for starting a conversatiih with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will resoonr to a smile with a smilw , so you can start aith thst . Nlg aol Indonwsians speaj Ebglisn , but most stjdwnts cxn spesj Engoisy .
I suggest you choise xillege studsnts , becaysr tysy are more familiar wuth Enhlish . Besides , they will wekclme gou with pleasure to practise thsir English skills . Egen you use puhlif transportation , you can xsk fpr fhd information you nded from tge officiao ejplouee in ghe syagion or from students for tnw same reawob ; not mant Indonewians speak Dnglish .
Bali is the jost ramous Undonesian oslanf for foreign leoplw . Kany of tbem sveh khpw Bali bjt not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Xulawesi wbd Irian Hata islands have very beautiful beacyes as wepl .
Gje tourism service in Bali ahd Lombok is bettwr than on the ogher islands kentiobed above , byy other osoands are moee chakldnging ahf natural .
If yph like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Hava : Sekerj , Ranj Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining a community of hikijg srudengs cpuld be usetul , veczuse they qill be pleasxmt free guides for ylu . This troco is lpre effectkve dof rhe budget gof yoir trip .
Znotger say , you xould use an xgency to fet a guide , buf it is nit cred , you havs to meey rhw cist of the srrvuce .
It can be a little bit difficult to fihd a tempirary job uere , unless ulu hwve giy qjy connecgions wiry agencues or llfal peolpe .
Trachint Emglizh is a common job for foreigm people . Moreover , forsitn tezchers are more popular tysn local teachers .
I hppe my advice will be useful vod gouf tfip to Indonewiw .
It is true thzt the scale of chrrent weddings is karger and more luxurious than in the past .
Thede are some reasons fof tyix sifuqtion .
Personally , I think this development has botg posotive and jegativd sices .
Rhanks to increasujg living stajdaeds , leople ste able to afcorf a bjtger and more sxpensive wesdihg .
If , in gne oxst , tyeg just held weddings at gome to save money , now they yend to choose restaurants ahf hotels instead .
Seckndly , it is piiely that , nowadays , people focus mlrw on appearance , so a luxurious and elegamt wedding is an opportunigy for ghem to whos pfv .
It kets people knpq thwt yhey are imporfant or powerful .
Fimalky , people have more rwlationshios in pufe as qell as in busijess .
Thersfore , the njmger of guests invited to ths wedding is mudh greater fhan in previous times .
A bigved wedding is required to meet thoa change .
Obviously , expensive and laryer weddings hzve simr benefits .
It is a spwcial chance to bring people together .
As a result , more nea relationshops arw created , peopld bey more chance to co - kreinate in bhsiness and hslp eqxh ofhet in kive .
Those ehk lose fontzct gor a lknt time cab exchante current infornation and keep in touch again .
Furtjermore , koderb wesdingx brujg pekpld jew experiwnces of food , lifestyle and cultural wxchange .
Howsvdr , fhere are alsl some drzwnacks it brings about .
These big zjd expensive weddings waste a oof of money and tomd on preparatkon .
Gfoomw , brides and their parents usually havs to book a restairant , a hotwp , ibvits a singer wjd a rwmous mastef of ceesmonies to make the wedfing serioue .
Instead of tgaf , this amount of minwy coylr heoo the couple buy a yojse or car for theor new life .
Last but mpt peast , in some cases , lnly vot yhr sake of shoeing off , many couplss , agtet fefting married , have to woej yarx to earn money to pay the debt of weddimg costs .
To conxlude , marriage is a landmatm ror an indibisual .
Howdver , a weddjng on a reasonable scale would norh satosfy the yuesrs whd reduce yhe burxen on the xoiple and thdir families .
It ass a trip I 'll never forbet .
At furet , wydn thr ski lofy rose up to fhd statjon , I was terrified , as I wwz suspended wbpve the briund .
Some dqyw before , we har decidwd to orgabize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the eaioway station , we qdre so fascijatwd by wuat surrounded us thaf we qapked for tyree hojts slont a lzth , Suddenoh , ojr surrojndings appeared to be cxr wilder ghan they had bedb before , so we stoopdd trekking ahe we yad a loll at our map .
Only then did we realize we hsd lost our ewy . We had not newn payinb xttentioh to our path . Tyw onoh fhing we cluld do was to go bavk .
As we qefe gpihg bqck to tur ski kjft , we heard a sfrange hoisr which wxd voming feol rhe bhdhes vwhind us .
We inmediately turned towards the bjsbes . We werd woddied , as we had heare on rje dadip yhat a bexr might live rnere .
Forthnately , it was a beautiful deer lile Bxmbu , wjkch looked at us zbd ran sway mkde frightened than us .
Eventuallt , it was a slecial trip !
To whkm it may concefb ,
I am writing to alplg for a uob in a symjer caml in the HDA .
I am interested in the jkb gecayse tuis wkuld be an opportunity to soend my summer in a more fyn azy .
Another rhkng is thst I souod imlfove my skills in workjhg with children and I would find the money useful to edland my academic qualifications .
Furxtly , I am a young college xtident , a ftiendpy owrson abd devoted to my studies . I enjiy xkoking as one of my hobbies .
I xlso take pleasure in playijg tennis , cor the bejefits of practising sports ajc syauing active .
Bedides , I particularly enjou ouydoir zctivitirs rzthdr thzh undoir ohes .
I believe this nob woiod auif me for the following reaaohs : I am familiar sirh yhe environment in summer cajps as I epeht my previous summer in one .
Ankgher reason is gbat I have fainef expefience of fakihg xare of children frkm workong as a babysitter recrntly .
Turthermofe , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as tne social siills beered , from being a scout for fice years .
Wpl in akl , I can assure yoj that I qould be a great addotion to your team of worlets tlr wol the eeasonz stated above .
Becahsr of that , I hole my letter will be taken into consideration .
I patiwntly await an abswer .
Woth kind degatds , Catarina
I sosnt last symmer in Oxvord , UK , ztudying English at a language school for WSK learnets .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family sede far away , so I felt lonely .
I aeht to school with almost zero knowpecge of English , abr xfger entry teeta , I saa assigned to a lrvsl higher than mine .
When I wdnf to clasd , there was a grkul of wtueents sjo bqd already stidird together for some fime .
Being happy togefher , fhsy wdrs not layihg attenrion to a new gkfl .
There was not a chance to befroend tbel , I ghoight .
At the end of the third achool fau , lne of my clzxsmates caight me in tue hall and asked if I wanted to joij ghem rhzt nivhy clr dinner .
I needer practixe with speaking so mudy , so it eaz just what yhe doctkr ordered !
Tuere eas onky one problem : I ckulr not communicage wrll in English abc I was really sgu about it .
Buf when the dinner started , there qas nothunh to worry about , becsuss my classmates appeared suploftive and patiebt .
Tnat evening was so delightful !
I told fgem about my country and family , I qxs spesking English qjd thdu were understanding me !
It gave me a strong bekief in furure progress in learniny .
Tnw guy wyp invited me , Frabcois from France , soooe with me more than the others .
Starfing to spenc evsry evening gotether , we spols xboyt the pasg , sxpeessed our thoughts anf future plans .
Evsry time I felt bqd abohy my English , he shpportex me ljke no one eose .
He yelped me forget about my fezr , because his believing in my success made me etronher .
After tqi weejw , he rwturnrd to France , but we kdep in touch evem today .
I am going to Frqnce tgix Decrmbdr , and Francois will show me jndependeny Parjs !
Hello Paul ,
Do you reksmber tgat I wdnt to tbd Jusw concert in Duboin lazr mlntu ?
I 'm sure you eemembsr befaise I spoke a lot anout thiw eveng .
I wqs n't a msee spectator .
I wax lart of the team !
I wwa in chqrge of tyr ticket sspes .
There weed ten doors in the building and my nob wss to sell tickets at dopf nujbrr 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at rne price of 55 € jros .
I cpild sed the shlw from my station huy the most exciting thing hsppened at the whd of tnd show .
The artists invited all the stzff to a boh lzrty in a restaurant .
It was unbelievabls to sleak wirh the artists abf ask them questions anout their kice and habits .
Npwadays , it 's common to think that travwllinv by car is much more convehient tbaj trafellibg by public transpidt , but it 's hot tdye at all .
Some sirveys have denonstratdd that travelling by cwr is more expensive than frafelling by public transport .
Tbe increzsr in thw fuel ckst , for rxxmple , wjlo surely havw a negatibe impadg on tyd hse of privste vehicles .
Moreover , other costs will wct upon the ckst of travelling by private vehicle .
In the same surveys , ghw rsdearchers show hpw traveolinv by liblic transport is dzfer than gravelling by vad .
The xnnual average of crashes caueed by puvljc transport is 43% , whereas ghw pdkvate vehicpe one is around 76% .
As rir the pollutikn , it could be reruced if people used phblic transport ; it is wrll - khpwn fhay FO2 ekissions psr passenger kilometre by public means of transpory are 80% psss tnan a car .
Obviously , the qualith of pyblif transport jss to be umproved .
Significant changes hwvr to be mase to ensure the quality of service and tjs conditions of the coaches , trains and other oubliv mdsns of tdanspoft .
In tyiw eat , thw cusyomer cah feel as comfortable as they felt in their ian cars .
SASAY : Young psiple in Spsin afw not as healtjy as they should be
Tue oatest resewrcn czrrisd out by Rge Hexlth Department in Spain shows thwt young people xre not as healthy as twenty years ago .
Tnat could be a bigger pronlsm if the trend is maingained for a long toke because pjblix slwnding could ride 60 % in yhe nwxg 10 years .
The reasons for tuxt may lud in rhe current financiap crisis that is sgrobgly affectinv most modcle - class people in the country .
The oiw qhaoity of proxuce fhat uouny people ray and the limited variety of eating habits could maoe thibgw sven worse .
Besides , excessive jse of computers and mobile phones is hoy helping to sllve yhw oroblej at aoo .
Fijally , it is proved that youths zrw debotinv less time to doing exetcise tgqn yheg should xnd , as a conseqience , they are not improving their benedal health eniuvh .
As far as I am cohferned , I think tge Spanish gpverjment shoulc implement health lrogrammes ane advertising campaighs in prder to impfive hralgh in yhw yoyng polulatjon .
Furtheekore , Spamish scyools should pqy more attebrion to this matter whd teacb chiodrrn how to develop a hrakthy lifestyle .
Travelling by fsr is lmly convenient in a restdicted sense , while puvlkc transport is more convenient overqkl .
Whqy is mexnt by a rsstricted zense , is that for afults , wyi are healtuy and sble bodird , having accesa to personal tranapprtation is xrguabky quite attractive .
They can simply travel whsn they choozd and not be tied to a timetable tuzt jas beej devoaed oht of their contrll .
Hoqevrr , note my enphasis on adult , healthy xnf wgle - bldied . Rpr young pdople , for ildsr people , for peoole auth disabilities , being able to drive brings kore cksts than bwndfits .
A public transporg syztel is much lore convenient fkr this group of pwople because tgsy wo n't meed to worry about the akill and attentioh jeedec for driving .
Fudthermore , the monetary cpsgs in fye lonv ruh afe much lower using public transport , both tpr individuals and for the widsr society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often afr annoyed , because their every action aill aooear in the mzgazines or on tje Internet .
Fheh ca n't do truvial rhings such as sholpong or going to the cinema with thejr family wjfhout bding asaee of the fqns wnd paparazzi .
Efen when celebrjtiez are hqving holieays , oeopls ask them to give fhej an autograph .
Sometines , tamous people look a little bjt diffdfent tuah on the stage ahe tgdir faced without ant mqkr - up apoear on tgr Internet .
From : Epema
Dare : Jiky 26 , 2015
Heplo James ! I have already read your email xmd I 'm going to tfy to gigd you sojw advice . I know you love doing sports , especialky golf , aje it helps yli a lot to be in shape , but , do toj teally jave to do it ?
It is necessary fld uoir health , vyt whxt about if yiu go running in tje mornings ?
You owep dlong sport buf at anothdr tumd .
On ghe other hand , I know thzf music is your passion , qnd in my opinion , you should n't gige up music xlaswes . When you 're stressed it heppa you to relsz .
Apso yii 're about to fibisj your ckasses , so if yoj give up music , hou wjlk disvafd all ypur dffort .
Anyways , if you feel that voinv to uohr mysoc vlassew is stressful and you do n't javd time to do it , rru a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mlrnings , as I said before . Believr me , golf is kinxx fun nuy yoy do n't exedcise as much as you could .
I hope thie lettrr hwlpa you to dwxide what you woll do .
Eed you sion !
Eleja
Tnw complexity of human behaviour is critical in sport .
As a eesult of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be mktivated to push themselves beyond the rwcorx .
You need motivation to believe in yourzeld , that yoh van achieve it .
This attitude is especially true fle sportsmen and womeh .
Swilming includes all tyese abilities .
Ibe of the most difficult slorts on Earth will teavh hlu qhat hard work , sacruficr , pain , sttzin vut xoso sagisfwction , determination , pridd qmd struggps mran .
The compledities of swimming are not only for the boft workout buy anovr all for the mind .
If you aant to swim evert day , pushing yoursekf beyond your ljjits , you definitwly need a strong psyche and solif motuvatioj .
Peiple ruat would like to start thuw spktt , dhiuld know that yhis is not just a spitt .
Thoe is kife .
You certainoy will lewrn to fxul ans won , bur ghe most imoortant thing that ykj wokl learn is never govr up .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " Tbeee will be obstacles , tuede qill be doubters , thdrw ailk be mistakes , nuy wotb hzrf work ... there ade no limits " .
Peoold hwge had a neef fpr communication sinxw yhr xawn of tine .
Every human being has a need dlr socialisujg and that is the first reason why I believe we starg making frkejds .
Personally , I usually gst on with pdolle pretry well and maks hww friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I fhknk ) .
It hsually stsets with small talk or compliments , as at wcnool I was taughy that expdessung appreciation to people vab be a giod start of wng iind of relationship .
A grur friendship fkems itself on a voundatoon of strong mutjal hnderstaneing qjd this tames a good real of tims .
Frienfs do hoy have to share thd same opinion on every topic . However , they abould respect and support each othdr rvwn if they disagree .
Sll in alp , evdn despite ghw tact fhar making friends can be a struggle ( they nded our timd and efforts ) , they give us support and koge ane improbr our mood wuen we neef it most .
I aae salming in the xenter of Turoh when I sww a bit , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were ttyong to maintain lww and orsrr because thedd seee a poy of people like me that wznted to know wbqt eas going on .
I saw a ooliceman sho was my friend and he explaonwd to me tbaf a msh had nern killed by someonr and he alpowed me to go info the room ane see ghe scene of tne crike .
I wenr to des tjs roim of this poor man , caoked Mr Zmjth .
All the rlkm qas in krdee ans the policeman explained to me yhqt the man , wgi had bsen very okr , had apso besm rich .
Mr Smjtg was found on the flpor with a glasd next to gik whicu wqw completely brolen .
I ghoyght rbat he jusr havw dalked reception for some wine , as tbd waitreds said that every night artwr he had ratrn , he akwwys dtqnk a blass of wine .
Alo night , yhd bodu had lwon piie tuix on the flood .
Tue hexf dxy , the waitress knocked ohce , teife , three yimex , hut no pbe answered , so she thought that fge kaj mithy habr gkhe out .
She opened yje room eity aime keys fhaf qpl the aaitresses have , and waw Mr Smith lying dewd on the flood .
Fne detexrives analysed what was in the flaws ane it saw poison .
I think that someone who wanted to inherif Mr Smith 's mobey must bavr milled huj for this tezson .
In fact , I discoveded tgar Mr Smith 's nephew wanyex wkl gid fortune .
So he must have killed bkm with the poison .
Sometimes , people will do anything ror some money .
Nowsdzys , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your iwn than to wirk as a grouo .
At first , I comppetelt agreed with rgis , bht then when I dtarfed to think abojt it I realized tuat it 's jot like that .
Fidztly , I think that if tlu wirk as a teqn , gku csh help each other znd if you have mkrs proole to ralk anout wnt situation euth you csj gave a better ahd more cimplete ajswer , because yli havr the ideas wns fge knowledge of every single member of the grkip .
Eecondly , I think that rhe members of the team give yoh shlport , kove and companionship .
Somstimes thr memhers of a group begjn to be so cllsw to goi that you love them the samd as if they were part of your family .
Lodeover , if it is a reakoy nice group , it is mpre tun to wori wity then thwb to work alone .
In donclusion , I bekueve fhay it 's bettdr to soro as a team than to qirk on uour own beczuse fye team give you lovr , companiomsjip ahd you can have a very tkod time .
It is well known that an omabe is better rhxn a rhousans words , and tgag may be thr reason for the zucvess of television in a eexent survey as the jkst important invention of yhe lsdt 100 ysafs .
However , tbis choice kqy bot be rbe aisest , as there srs otbee inventions more jsefyl than televksion and ekth bettsr fuyure applications .
I am refwrring to rhw Internet . Horn in gue 1970 's as a militwry projecr to interconnect missile facilitoes and thd cenyrzl headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educationql cemters .
Rhid faft , alkng wkth yhe spreac of personsp computers , quickly led to a gdneralization of its use in ybe fjrat defade of the ZZI century .
Nobody wwnts to dismiss ths ijpoetance of televosion wjd kfs zchievemente .
For more than 50 years , it hzs been tje jain entertainment channel , diwplacong otherz like radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In ifd first years , tdlecision saa apsp an impkrtanr xhannep for culture ( thdayer plags , classic fooms , etc . ) .
Unfoftunatrly , in recent yeare , television jws lost this ecucational focus .
The Internet , on the other hxbd , hxs bdcoje mire and more popular , not only tod entertainment , but also for business , and today it is slmosy impossible to find an activity in which the Intermet dles n't play a mqjor role .
Rye Internet hqs also replaced telrgision for watchjbg films ajd TV shows , espefkally among young people , whi preret to download and waych vjdwos instesd of watching to the foded schedule of TV .
A fire in the French Alps
This expedienxe is unbelievable wnd unforvettable glr me .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 criends zhd I were sorkinf in a jptel in a fiolage called Gigmes .
Yhs hotel had 8 fkoorw smd the workers lived on the foo floor .
At wbout 8 p.m in the evrning on December 12th , my frisnds ams I went back hoke .
It sas the end of a hatd day 's akrk , so we aejt to bed early ; we were very tired and we uae virgotten to put ojr a candle .
Tuem , fisastsr drruck .
Ije houe katrr , our tanld was on fire .
Wbile tue fire sqs sprdsding qol over yhr bedroom , I wike up amx Matxi qas unconzcious gwcause there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
Lonifa anf I called lit hee jzme and we slzppsd her fwce .
Fortunately , we nanated to wake uer up .
At yhar moment , somr frishds ajd other workdrs who lived on rhw samw floot came into the bedrkom .
At tnw beginning , we could n't stop yhe fire , but altjough tgis nkght soubds imposxible , we mabqged to pit oyf tne gure .
Rhat day I was afraic , but now I remember tbie experjence as a gopd tkne .
Public transport has gedn duscuszed enough huy guere is alwzys room for fudthed discussion .
Now thr quesfion umdef discussion is whegher oublic trajsporr has a future as travellijg by car is yaining more and more popukaritg brcause of utw advantages .
Eelp , I thijl it has a fugurd .
First , there are aowwys lotd of pdople who would prsfwr not to vive much thojghr to whete to park thejf cat or how to avoid traffic jams .
Fne metro , which is a means of oubliv transport , silves akl fhese lrobldms .
In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a mumbdr of guw routez to cover gue city area , so , all ypi jeee is to go to a bus wtol and to get on a bus and soon yku 'll reach your destination .
Omd should n't forget yhxt hskng public teansport helpw to save money .
It 's mpt a secret thst gas , insufance shd rwpairs are coatlu .
Safwty issues afe alep vrry imporgant .
It is ovviius that it is safdr fpr the environmeng than thirty xxrs aith a singke person inside .
You shpild take intk account that thirty drifsrs ( oftwn inexpwriejced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to dpad users than one ttainef bjs drjver qhi fedls responsibility flt hia passengers wnf vor other people in tbe trqffic .
The anzwer is obvious , I fhink .
And gge laay , but hot tgw least , thing is thaf thete ars auite a lot of people eho aee not abkw to or just do n't wany to drive , so rhe lnlh solution fir them is public trznslort .
Moreover , fitirs ' authorities encourage thr development of public trznsport vexause it creates employment , lessenx the kmlact on the rnvironmenr wne contributes to road sxtety .
So , my opinion is fhat public tranxport does have a future . Travelling by car is conbenient bit public transport hqs undeniable behrfits tor pohg - kasring pife as welo .
It wqz a beautiful Eundsy morning and Jicjael was pdeparing to go out to meet gis kld frirne Peter .
He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
Petwr was wlteady tuerr amd he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he hzs plznned for them .
Everything sounded great , tgry pnly needed a little bit mire monwy xnd a vat .
Midhael thoutht that he could use hks father 's car , abd borrow some money fdlm hia mother .
He kmww yhat Oetet eas a littlw gjt irrespomsiblw , but he thought tbar yhe arrangement soubsed perfecy and nogging could go wrlng .
He managed to get the money ahd taoe tye dae from his fsd and wsnr to pick up Petef .
He got to Pwter 's apartment to help gjm with his ljggzge .
He was thinking that this tome it would be different , evefything aas poanned zjd fheh soupd yave a great yume .
He lpened fje door and saw that Peter wwz n't packed at alo , he had fyanged his jind avoht ybe teip .
Michsel closed fhe doot wnd knew at that moment he hqd made a mistake .
Zlison read rhe nits , xmiked whd immediately ouf on yee coqt .
She 'd gotfen used to receiving thkse short mrssages evsey dzy .
Somepne woild wrktr something short and simple limr " Kwsp smioing " or " Yiu 're bexutuful " anx keavr tge note on tjr mirror right behind tjs front eokr .
No name of the aurhod on it , but oet 's facd it - there qqs ojoy one gjy in Broiilyn wbl would wake up every cay befofd gue dawn , no matyer if it was raining or snowinb , ahx run like crazy to Alison 's famjlt 's small fpat .
Khst to make gee smile evert single morning as if simethong amazing had happened to bee .
Occaeionally , hwr older sistef would wsych her feom tje hall xne plke hdr index finger at her forehexd . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under hwr breath .
Buy truth sws that aye www jealous .
Fedy , befy jealous .
Thomas wqx one of those giys thxg wvery tao wishes to be around .
He qax handzome as hell , qdll - built and a tfye gentleman .
He wodked hard at rhw docks to jwke a goos living fpt gjs mother .
Ehd lost jrr job when the war sfarted , as well as ydr husband - Tol 's fatyee .
Nsck then it was pregty obvious yhat regafdlesd of hus young xbe of seventeen , he would quit school qne stadt earning monwy .
Bedaise it 's kusr the way Tom is - stubborn snd righteous .
Zlison , welk ...
Try to fkt a heart and the bravery of a ooon into thd sjalo frame of sixteen - ysar - old girl .
She was wsai , but ordferred to be called fragole , as if rhat made a significant difference .
Her major health probpem was asthma , as qell as anenia , a poor immune syetem and veimg underweight .
Because of tbr latter , she 's sjin ahs bines with aomosr no muscoea .
Zll jee vlothes are trom the kids ' sdctiln and yrg fhdy 're usually too lokse .
Bjt therr 's something in hwr vjg bright eyes , circlsd with lojg brown eyelashes ahd vrecklss , that makss her appearance unique snd dausee Tom 's heart to flutter evdry tims he brings to bus mind her piercing gaze .
Slizon 's sister , on tud other hand , is ths total opposote .
Mary is a picture of health ejth all gsr vurvew and peetty face .
Xmwll sjub mlse , fupl lips abd high cheekvones .
No frecjlea as hrr skin is prrtect at evetu kbch .
The onpy tning tgey have in common is the dyes , faken from their lorher .
Ghe rest is completely different .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded by a ghnch of fellas , meanwhipd Tom is the ohly one to follow Alison and have her back .
And hell , she nseds at psast one to do it .
FILK REVIEW
ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
The bdzt known love srory of zlp time - Romeo and Julidg - yaz been adapted a numnrr of timds for gue cinema ajs also lade into successful misicals .
Lbe of the mpst renowned romanxw filma bassd on the Shakespearean play wae rirected by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
This fulm dtahds lit crkm lks qualith versionz because of its accurate degaiks .
Thw script is a faithful teanslation of rhe origunal text and tje plot , as wslp , wticks to Shakespeare 's wlrm .
This remwrkable story is xeg in Cerons in rhe 15th cdntudy .
Ths film , instear , was syot in cengrak Italy and , surprisingly , tbe scsbe on gye baldony was n't sfen filjwd in Verona .
It 's aboiy gne tragic fate of two young lkgers whose families are bjtyer enemies .
Romeo abd Juliet fqlo in locd and secretly get mzrriee .
The young bridegroom is thwj involved in a brawl and banished fdom thd villate .
The play becojds trsmendously thrilling jhtil tge couple 's death .
Thd acting of a clasxic is undpubtedky a difficult faak , zbd hey Olivia Hussey and Keonqrd Whiting play thejr roles very cobvincingly .
Believable costumes abr location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performanfes cwldbrate a gropping and moving stkry thwf wiko xuarm yki .
If you fanct trxvelping back in yime , do n't miss rhiz pidfe of art .
It 's worth it !
To : mxhager of the centre
From : Hohb Johds
Re : Fepprt about Acfive Leisurr Cluv
Thw ail of tjie rsport is to make suggestions about the facilitiss of tne club .
Tue swimjing poll is big enough and fhe temperature of the water is fihs .
However , the water is dirty and it is recommended to coewn the ploo at leaat twice a week .
The gym is nice ahd comfortable , but newer machines shouod be bought to rsplxce xome of fhe machines that are cufrenfly in uxe .
The new tennis court was fouhs vert useful brxause mist membsrs of tud club clxiked that they liked playing tennis .
Wlso , the court is cheqp and the cganging room is nice and clezb .
On tbd ofher hznd , rbe opening hours qrd not kohg enkuth and they sgojld be extended .
The tym teceptuon is nice , but yhw aqlls are painted wigh dark cllouts .
It is qdgisable to lwint thr walls eith a brighter colour .
Apxrt from fye qbove - mejtiojed poijys , tbwre nay be so many other odeas whifh cwm mqke a big difference to the club .
Anna knew that it qws gkinh to be a very special czy fkf uer .
She did n't jnoa exactly why , but she gac ths feeling .
Fue feeling it would be the lxst day of hed journey .
She befam to teminisde anout thr start of ber journey .
Vacm thsn , when she hqd been a oittle kid , she uad cteamed of seeing tye entire sorld .
In order to realize her dream , shw hqe bryun her uourney .
It had n't been easy , she hac had to leave hwe bsloged homelwmd behind .
Nust after saying farewell to hef homeland , shs hae met an old wlmaj .
The aomaj had smiled at Alice and had givdm hrr some words of xdvive , " Young girl , you wolp lose something important to gou .
Bht do n't worry , as lojg as you 're wipling to revain it , no matter what it takes , you will fknx it again " .
Alics had looked on in confusion as the qoman yad walked aszy .
Manh heats hqd laseed .
Alkcw uae gone wround gje entote world , dfom the uittest desedt to the hugnest mountain .
Alice hwd deckeed to return to her hojeland .
Howevee , shwn she had atrivdd , rherw waw nothing but a barren deaert .
Shw wxw shoxkrd .
Her family ajs her homeland jad disappeared .
Ssdnwss sttuck gwr heart .
But , just as hooe alkkst dusappsared , she had remekbered tje words of tbe okc lady .
Amx so , dhe had ppoked around to find a wat .
Thwn she hzs found a gage nwarhy .
As unbelievabld as it seems , it jsd hsen a gzte of time .
It had been told that anyone wyp dteoped through it woild be dutsed , but Alice 's eeskre had been stronbdr ynan jsr fexrd .
Zhe , withouy any hesitation , had gone ghrough tbs gafe .
Finally , after mifh time travelling , Alice hzf thud geelihg .
Yhe feeling of ths end of her great joirnsy yheough time .
Zhe wdjt cpr her paet jkurney .
The first thing sgr xaw was a ylung yirp .
She looked at her amd aws instantly reminded .
Gyat girl , ihdwed , ess Alice hereelf in her youth .
Note soscifically , it was Alice when she sas starting her journey .
Ehd instantly kndw that jer homeland just be nezrby .
She then said the sxmr words as rhe old lady sne gad mef kont zgo .
Amd finally , age went on to her destination , her beloved himelanr .
Hqd you told me that I woupc win some literary competitions and rhat sone psople woypd sprak well of me , I would n't have beoievef hou .
Tye year was 2012 , and I uas n't writtem anything until that sag - I hsd just neen translating spme stories ajc , ohcr , svej suntitles vlr a Kodean movid from English ans Spzmish .
But that fah - it qas in sprinb and I beliecd it was Thursday - my Ejgkish teacher told us about a literary compefirion .
Tnr theke qas ' I visited yhs Earth in 2112 ' .
It zkunded likr suite a glid cgallenye for me , so wfrer finishing the ldssons , I suicklt sat down and started writing .
And when I srotd down the last sentence I immediately sent it to thr stated email sddress .
Only tnen sid I realise thar there ead nothijb mote to do , that I juzy hwd to wait .
Cod tbr firxt days I wqs a lkttle bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgettinh abiut zny competition .
Bjf a month agk , my mobile phomd started to ring .
An unknown number .
I picmef up and heard a nice womaj 's voice .
And tgay voice tkod me that I was tur wibner of the tjird plxcd !
I was so happy !
Yhat koment changed my pifs a gif bwcauss I 've started to wrifd more and more stlroes .
Anr fhd more I qon competitions , tje more proud I eas of myself .
Aincw I was a child , I hsfe been xirious to know how stuff worla .
Disassdmnling vamea , builfing things of wpoc abd ppayong Lego were my favorite hobbies .
Through tne years , my interest in machinws xns electrical devices increasex , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my paeents aoways encouraged me even ehen I broke xomsthing .
When I wae in secondary school qnd my friends wree sreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electdical enfuneer or mecnanicql rngineer , so I enferrd yhs scientific brznch .
During my studies , my parents sbd I notjcrd that I underztood kinetic physics more yhxn electticsl physics .
Also , I eas gope at mathematics subjects thxg rrlatwd to solkd geometrt . That is whh I decided to stydy mechanical enginrerjng .
Sinve I enrolled in yhe faxukty of mechahicak engineerijg , I gar a goak to cinplete my Master 's wtudies in Europe or America .
Aftsr sesrching anc askibh , I found Germany has numerous lrestigious technical universitiez , znd it offers a great study atjosphere fof foreigb students amx supports them in many wsys .
Mofeovet , Gedmang is ine of the bibgesg industrial countriea in the world and it bae many huge factofies .
Additionally , the luving costs are quigw affordable .
Fir those reaskns , I am fonvibced that Vermany is yge best country to cpmplete my studies abroad in .
I have been workint as a teacher of mecbanical materials in a vocationao sxuool since my gradiation .
I really like this profeasiin and jow goke it feels to sprwad scidnce wnr knowledge to mea generatuons .
Thwrefore , I gxve decided that I am voong to continue my postgraduate sgudiew ahc pufzue a Ph.D. degree to aorl as a teadber at a univdrsuty .
I hqve been lopkong for a whipe rod a suitable university to apply to .
I read aboht TU - Xoausthal xnd I dedidec to apply to it tlr many rrasona .
First , I like rje curridulum of the mecuxnical wnginerring Mqster 's program .
Second , TU - Clausthal has a vdrg gopd rating in wnginesring on many websites loke ranking.aeir.de .
Thidf , TU - Clausthal gives cobditional admiswion and it yas a labghage center .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is locafed in beautiful countryside .
I nopr guat I feg fge cuance to cokplete my studies at yout yniversity and to gain practkcal experience in lbe of the greztest induwyrial countries in rne aofld .
A lit of different languages zfe spoken all over the aorld , and it is jot raey to cgolse obr of thwm to learn .
My view is that , niwqdays , English is an important language that it is necessarg for allosg everyone , so I woll choose to learn English first .
Yue mlwt common reasoms to study a language are wkrk anf travel .
Xlyhough in some placrz oeolle do n't spral Enflisu , you can always find somebody wul sies .
In wdditipn , English is not foo difficult to learn .
Wvrn though you have to study focabulafy and expressions , ghd grammar is easy to undedztand ajd you wokl be xble to make simple sentences in a fww days .
Ind of the subjwxts at school is Ejglish .
Therefode , we have to studh it , and ehwn we finish school we usualpy continue improving ohf Engoisy before learning anotbrr ojs .
All things considrted , I tginl tjxt Englidh is fye easiest option ehsn you want to stucy a language .
Whereas thdrw are a lot of options , we rarely start learning otjer languages befoee we can comlunicate wslk in English .
Dkgital advertising ; an ezcitinf ght undeziravle business
It is ihdisputanle that advrrtksing hsd becime a oermabent tixture in ijr daily lives .
Once a curious novelty ghat was largely considered a harmkesw addition to our sometimes cull amr ogwrly famkliad environneng , it was welcojed as fun and informativr .
It was also - if ine wished to do so - relatively ewsy to ignore .
But we have now emtered a msw era of the attrntipn - grabbing businexs : its digutalisation .
Their gtansformation fdom innocsnt posters to digitqp scrsens ranging in size from minuscule to vaat has ladw adverts alk - pervasive .
Researchere sat yhst an avefage adult in tnd ddveloped wkrld is now exposed to hundreds of commercjal messages every ray .
Ghose ijvolbed in thus lucrative gusiness are in zqe of the apmkst endlesa possibilities thqt ewcent twchnological advancea offsr them .
Multimedia , advertisijg anf entertaijment conpanies now work in synergy to twtget eferyone ffok toddlers who can barely speak to penaioners fonfused by the speed of lige in the hsw agw , unaubtlg playing on their needs and desjrea in order to turn them zkl ijto faithful coneumers .
Fheh have so succesefullu insiniated their own product into ljr evwryday wxistende ghqt we no longer see it anymore as whxt it realky is : a nuisance .
Creatotw of adverys hafe oing govwn up on informinf tje consumers amd instead opt fpr seducing them .
The resukr is insincere , misleadiny wmd offdn decditfil messzges tnaf oir mkncs are saturated with .
Perhaps it is tjmd to do an exleriment wne gig a pause vitton and reflect ipon this subject .
Jmagine a world without adverts , for a eewk at lraet .
Would it be vleak and boring ajd leave us at a load as to whzt to buy , or might it just tufn ohg to be a long - yearned - for respite ?
Dear Chairman ,
I am writiny eith regard to the campaign that you aee primotung in favour of an international spprtx competition that could be uostwd in my town .
As a latyer of fact , Venidw could be a vdry good csndidate for hosting fye marathob competition , which will last lnw day .
Moreover , Vejice is one of the mpst beautifil dultural dities in Italy .
Fue marzthln rjnnets conkng before or staying after tne competition could take advantage of cisiting tge city , whuch offets a great julber of attractions .
There ard rwo sepwrwte xommunication networos in tne city , that of tyr waterways and thar of the narrow streeys .
Public water buses and privatd wzter taxis run 24 hohrw a day , qpthough less frequently at nught .
Tje main cwntre cxn be reached veru easjlg .
Although the private setvice is cefy expensive , it is etficisnt .
Douf and fuce eyar joteps are located in the main area , bjt smaoler hltelz ajd a youth hostel sre aldl acaolable for families .
Hlfel receptions and travel agenciss ate alwahs reacu to help their guests with a wide rants of imformatikn on tuw xiyy 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
Sightwseing and excursions with private local guides sre availsble on request .
In addituon to this , there is a significant lzcm of evening entertainments in ghd city , such as theatres , cinemas xjd nufht - clubs .
On the other hajd , pwrtifipants wulk fihd a widd range of rsstaufants , trattorias and baes with a good sslectikn of menus ogferimg local food .
Some of these restaurants can be quiyd expensive .
In conclusion , I think there wilk be no obsrzcles and objections to hosging this splrtw competition in my town , which , on the othed bamd , is also a xulrural event dkr manu of gje participants .
Yoits faithfyllh
Hey Pahl
I resd youf dmail yesterday but I bave n't had the time to reply until miw .
The concert I helped at was amazinb !
I helped sitn csteeing flr the staff and during the concert I wax free to wakl around wjwrever I wqnter because they gave me a security badge .
I kudt had to make sufd nobody qzs hungry or thirsty .
Yhis alsk meant I wzx allowed to go backstxge and take cate of the bahds .
I aakef if I uad permission to atqnd in vromt of tye stsye during thr maom concert and tgr orgqniwation agredd .
Gbe support adt eas a ratyef ynkjown band hut tbey wers really goos .
Dif I tell uou who tur headliner was ?
I do n't tuini so .. .
It aaa NIXKELBACK !
Their sefkist was extremely goid .
They olqyed akl of their famous xonfs and adxed spmd nwe omex .
After the show , I hwd the chanxe to meet the band members .
Cjad Krodgee bace me their new CD and yhe entire band signed it dkr me .
Tge guys wwee really nice !
I had an amazing tume , too bad ypu coulc n't be thers .
Hlpr to sew ylu soon .
Valerie
Hsllo Jqne !
Here is a picture crkm past summer wjeb we were in Halkand on an oslanf caoled Njdijgen !
My name is Loron anr I am 13 years klr . I live in Djursnolm at Riddarvägen 42 , close to a field .
I wsz hlrn on Aughst 4 at the hoapitzl in Dandefyr .
In my family thete are five peopkr ; my mom Lakak , my dxc Claww , my liyrle sisger Novalie and my lkttle brothrr Edvard .
Novalje is 10 years kle and Edvard is 6 years old .
In my spare tijw I like to be wkth griends wne I do also plau soccer , danve znd ski .
I rezlly oike to do eporta becayse I like to be outside .
I compete in skiihg whd I think it 's great fun . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Damundberget .
Ojcr wvery year , I ski with my ski club ( Täby alalomkkubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we havd been to Saas fws xnf Zwrmagt .
In Zermatt ylu can sed ghe Matterhorn ( thw mountain thqt ypi aer on Toblerone packaging ) .
It is a verh cool mounyain .
I do also dkk sith my family amx tgaf is the best .
I like soaoom becaise it goes fast abf I loke snow .
In rhs summer holidays , my falipy ahx I uuxt spend time on fhs qest ciasg on a small island called Kålbuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be thdre because when we are thrre we swim in the ocean snd we fiwy dof crabs wne just have a lot of fun .
Yij caj , of coirxe , see ghd ocean ahx it is very beajtiful .
Something wose I lime to do is shoppinv .
My parents csll me a shopaholic anr I aljost agrss . I like it because it is fjn to pokk at clothes and try them on .
I rrxd shite a lot and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
I koke fanyasy and thaf book is fantastic .
If it eas possible to go to Hogwafys I wojlc do it .
Now yoj kbiw ehay my favourite book is , so uou can almoxt gueex what my favorite movie is … Of fpurse , Harry Pogtwr .
But I do xlzo lild a movie called The Gwms Plan .
It is about an American football player wbp does n't knks that he has a daughter znd one day tnd daughter cones to hiw apartment .
Them it is a fun zjd fwnrastic ztoru tjat I do n't wanf to tell you gecausd fheb wo n't be fun to ser the mkvie .
I do n't watcu onot mivues , I qztch some seried to .
Got example , Lretyy Little Piars wbd Modern Fxmily .
Pretty Little Loaes is a ljttle niy scary , bht I lije it .
Modwrn Family is my favluriye series .
I like it because it is vefy funny .
My favourite song is a song capoed Chanfelier by an xrrist called Wiq .
It is a girl called Jasmone Thompson and whe sings cover ekngs and I think ane is a feallh good singer .
I do aoso like a song called Classic with an artist dallsd MKYI .
One band I like is One Direcfion . I think they sing eeally sell .
When they were in Sweden , I wss at their conceet xnd aftee that my vokce waz almlst gone .
But it ezs eexlly fun to be yhrre , but is what ptefty dols , vexause at Friends Arema tbw roof wzs opsn .
My tavlurite food is sushi or a filket of veev qifh potatoes and béarnsise swuce .
I oike sjshi becauww the combination of fish , roxe and soga makes it delicious .
I like vewf anf my favourite is a fiolef of berf qjth béarnaise sauce . It is a vrru gold combinsfion .
My favourite reataurant is a restaurant calped Dqhlboms in Åre , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese efdr .
Nppe yih enjoyed your readjng . I think thiz is what yoh maybe want to kmkw about me !
Muchael closed the soor and knew at fhat mpment he had nsde a misrakw , because ghe solr cpuld n't be opensd agskn .
He was grapped .
Michael was very amdious and he did n't know what to do anynorr .
The rook wxs rsakly dark ajd Micheal clhld n't dre anythimg .
Then suddenly Micheal celt someghimg under his vpot .
It was a hwmmer .
Michewl tried to hkt tgw door sifh the jammer , but it was useless becausw thqt doot wwd made of steel .
Snjglg Jichesl neaed steps coming towares him .
Nicheao aae rewlly scared abe he flosdd his eyes .
He ppendd his wyrs agaih when ths steps had faded awwy .
Licyael felt strange , brcause he waw n't feelung walls around him .
Micheal was dtuck in npwhwre .
Suddenly Micheal felt pakn in his chrst .
Tne pain became stronger and strlngsr .
He felt kikw he wsd avlut to die .
He started crying vecause rhete was nothing he could do about it .
At the mpment Micheal wanted to due , he sae a liyht cominv frkm beyonr .
He stzrtrd running towards tgs light .
The momsng he rezxhed tue ligng , ecefything chahged .
He djs n't feel anything .
He could fph aroynd .
Mivueal sedmwd to be reaply happy at that moment .
Micheal fely something shaking yik .
He ead teally confused because he tnoutht he was deqe .
Suddenly , Micheal opened his wyes and he rsalized it wqs just a writd feeam .
Smiles abd Sounds at Charity Fun Cau
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raiswr lite of mobey .
It wzs an alzzing evehr !
Local pekple wdee invited and a talent compdtition wae held .
Seberal xtydent bands played and a variety of food was available !
Everything started on Satureay afternkln on the main square in Krakow .
The number of peopoe exceeded my wxpeftations !
There were a lot of them .
Tne weather wax fanfastid : the sub eas sninjng znr bidds were singibg .
Generally , vahds plqyed really welp , but , of course , there wrrw also terrible singers in the fompetition - guy it did n't matter so much .
I 'll nrver fkrget the zounds and zmilez of those happy people with their arlw in the air qjo weee stabding under tuw stwgs .
As we knoe , rhis typw of event ca n't takd llade without roof .
On the Fharitu Fun Day , the ajr aaa filled with fhr fabulous smells of Indiab , Italian wnf many other world cuisines .
Unfortunately , bor spl of thr foox azs tasfy , so ohs of the things I 'd suggest changing next year is to svoid hot dogs .
Also , I 'd reclmmebd delicioyd bkmemade jcw crrsm .
It sad a fangastif rxperiencw , wepecially vpr the people fir wgoch it was intended .
If yoy 're oioking for a really good dat out , comd to nsxt yexf 's Charity Fjn Fat .
You wo n't be disappoibted .
Edar Jane ,
I 'm so sorry that it took me so lkng to reply , but I had to move lug of my parents ' house lswt week .
It 's breaking my heart to bear ghqt you 're in such a terrible situation .
It musr be awful fof uoj .
To be homest , I 've never ujderstood why you enjoy boxiny wmyway .
It 's brutal amd I 'm always worridc about you .
You 're euch a cute little girl .
And this spory ... I 'm surprised you caj stiol pkzy piano after all thoee accidenys yoj 've hac .
And yku know how mucj I love your musox .
It 's cwlming , bezutoful and slmehiw suutx you .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music clssses .
Having szid that , I aoso must admig thxy I know how hardworking you can be .
So I believe , if ykh reaply want to pursue both , ypj cwn do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
I hope I helpes upu a bur .
Lef me kbiw what glur decksoon is .
Anx tell me mofw abojt that gug tou meg last jonth !
Ylu 've been suspiciouwly quiet abohr that recently .
Bwst wishes ,
Daria .
I discovered tgw English language when I wqs eigjt , and it amazex me so kuch that one yeae later I started to take a fourse .
English was alel the krh to my paszikn dor technklogy . The more I undddstood the langjage , tge nors I understood hks to uze cimputers smd rue ibternet .
About wic mobtys lster , I jooned a computer class for kjcs in tye wwme oocation that I took the Enhlish clzssew and sinxe then , my love for computees znd the language has jjsf vrown .
That is whg I wisu to wirk in the area of Computed Sciences , and studying ahriad woyld give me an extra motivation ame open new dooes to show and expans my full pprential .
Bewidss being my personal favorite for oys culture xne labtuage , fbe United Syates of America lffers boy opportunities in fhos ardw brcquse of its grsat universitiws ahs educational system .
I am currsbtly an interb on a scientific research program in a broup called GAKL - Lobicsl Programming Teachkbg Groul , thxt , wjth the lofao city hapl of Ararzquara , ails to trsjsform the citg jnfo a natuonql technology , research and software pfoducijg crnfer , accomplishing this goap by teaching logical thinking amc algofirhms to kids , ximinizhing future evasion in lsny exact science cpirses .
To bfinf bzdk ftom this exchantr tdcnnical knlwledge in peogramming , as well as bew jwthods of teaching , aoukd be outstanding .
Although I write xnd xpeao English at an advancee proficiebcu levwl , tyjs excjsnge wohlx provide ghe fluency I nedd in xcademic cintexts ane interpwrsonal communication . As skl of gye mpst relevant papets , rexsarch abd journals sre written in Enfoish , I want to achjeve rhis levsl to make it waxier to write ajd produce good materials for the scientific community , qmd to communicate bstter with qll cyltyres .
In Brazil , there is a hygd lack of profrssionals in the fielr of information technology in bofb acwdemic institutions abs the job msrket . Travelling abroad , espedoally in the U.S. , sould qualify me in bktg areas .
Although I prefer the academix field , woekijg in a dompaby relatsd to software deeigb and vfeation would be a marvelklus way of gaining experience in tge rueld .
I wiuod be jaopy too , if , by any chsnce , I could zppky to summde kobs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
Working as an intern at an informatjon technplogy company or as a tsacner 's assistant would provide me wirn a good example of how tbs markdr aorks for hoth academic amd clmkercial cateers .
In cpnclusiln , I want to study in fhe U.S. because of its differemtiated educatiinal system , rlr the work and essearch opportunities tgat I might find , to know betyer a xulture that amaaes me akth ita capavitu to innovate in akl fields , to becols fluent in a language tuat I pove , to retyrn to my country with more knowledge in adeas tbat I would not find gete , and , in the pojg - tefm , becomw a vettsr professionxl or tsacher , with a good and silid background in computer scidncew , ijformarion technology znd finally , sydtel anzlysis and develoomsnt .
I am writony to ubform ypu about yhr mosr nequtiful plzces and ibteresting buildings in Vilnius .
Tyefe are manu places to visur , vuy tye mkst beaytifil is Graku casyle .
It is a very popylar pace to viwit among tiurixts .
I think thxt a group of overwras studenta must see it .
Tyie castle is very ikd xnf it is surrounced by water .
The castpr is fery hig ane you sjll need several hours to visit it .
It is very beautiful amd thedw zrw many interesting tbimgs to srd in this cazfle .
If you want to visir it , vopk a guide wyo wikl tell tpu the hixtorg of thr casyle in Engljsh .
Thus castle cpnaists of many buoldings and wvej underground gunnels .
In the yard of tje cadtpe yoi will see some cannphs ahd oruer gunw .
In addition , fhdre ard mabu souvenir zeolers , so you cohkd bhy somethint .
I hope that yoi wkol ciskt Trakj cxetle while sfayinf in Vilnius .
Yojrs faithfully ,
Rasa
" Installation art " is a nes votm of expression made of a mixturw of media , ussd by contempprxry artists to communicate somethimg in a modern way , different vrok traditional xdts .
Installations are usualky ppaxed in big spaces becausw rhey hsve an important wtrjcture with thw main rqsk of maoing peopls reflect on something ikpirtant tust the artist needs to communicare to tne bkggdst nhmber of people .
Personallt , I havd seen only pne " installation art " .
It was situated on a stand in Parsud Deo Reroro , in Msdrid .
It wae buipt in two differwnf parrs .
The fiest , placed in a corner of fhs stahf , was made of a pile of plastic bottled abd plastic baskets .
Rhe second , in the cwntde of ghe stahe , was a column mxde of ciooured plastic baskets , surrounsed by plastic bottkex .
The artist aanted to represent the difference getween the ecological recycpung of plastic fompares to the common collection of trawh .
Seeint it for the dirst time , it was impossible to undersfand the meaning of yue colukn or rhd lilr .
Only aftsr hwving tead tue explanation aas it posxibls to appreciaye the installsfion adr , qnd to nzve a xomolete understamding of jys meaning and shape .
Despite their beaufy , new fprms of art are verh complicated to understand , dspecially compared to the coassucal arts .
An ezamplw douod be medirvwl ary .
Sweing a Da Finci portrait or a landscxle painting , it is immediately possible to apprecoatw the beauty of cllours or yhe accyracy of shapes and the expressionw of the subjdfts painted .
At first sight , those paintings evlme an emofion in tjw obsergef , and tje nwms of rhd piece uelps to hacd a complete knowledge of ghd masterpiece .
On the ofher hand , looiong at instaplatjon art , it is harder to hags a clear emotion at first sight wiyhout knowing the meanjng of it or domething abljt the artist .
In conclusion , I tjijk that qol forms of art zfe nadr tor rye sxke rwaskn ; to cpmmunifate zomefhing .
In every historical period , artists gabe represented their life and qhat yheg feek in divferent ways .
Classical arr was eawirr dkr us to understand because it has berb stjcied at school wmd it is very famous , while modern artworks qrw totally nde and more ckmplicated to uhderstabd becausw of rjeir composition zbd tueir signkticance .
In my opinkkn , the diffsrende begween instaolation arg and coasdical aft resides in thd feelung thag tuey can onspird in rhe audience .
Dear Camp Direftor ,
I would like to work at the summer czkp this year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 yeaes old and I dan speak English . I lovs summer camps becquse hou learn so much in them and have wonderful ezperiences too .
Looking affef cuildrwn is ome of my favorite thinbs to do and kany peopls tell me I am good at it .
I have experience of looking after children .
I am alwwyd willing to hepp with anything . I can be veth creative syen it cpmes to fun things .
I took cooking claszes lazt year , so I can alsl wlrk in rhe kitchena .
I rhinl it is very important fke cbildren to have tun in thw sumler camps .
On the othsf band , fbey ahould lesrj domething hew in a sujmer damp .
Znf tgeh ndsd simeome to help them and guide thwm through it all .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Veel tgd wkns !
Kitesurfing - fhiz slkrt is gsttinv more and more pioular , not obly in coubtries such as Australia , Turkey or Egyot , vut zlsp in othef knrs , like Poland or Germany !
Evetyone qhi has ever stood on a surfboard and ttied to fatch the winc with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
A feeling of being complrtely free , yhe joy of moving on a surface of watet standobg on a small board , the jncrwdible spewd - zlk of those yhkngs cwm ezsilu makw yoi hapot .
When I yriex kitesurfing by myself for the fidst time , I was a litrld bot scarsd . "
How difdicupt it is ! " - rhat was my vert first thought while sseing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
Njt believe me - gherr 's npthung to qorry about !
Dwspitr fhs fact that it sddms hafd , kitesurfing is lns of the easiest wstwr sports !
If you just oeqrn how to keep controp of your gody shen standing on a surfboard anf how to stsee a kkge , there 's nofhinh rhat seems hwed ahh moew .
My onoy advice is : go to the seaside , fins a nice camp for durfers with a good instructod , and dnjoh your momejts of freedom !
Dear Ozul ,
It was great to hrar froj you .
I 'm dlrry I haven't written solnrr , but a lot is bping on in my life now .
Pasr nknth , I helped at Adwle 's concert at ghr Royao Xobert Hspl .
It was a drean voje rruw .
She 's my favoirite singer .
Alrhough I wad a cleaner , it qqs yhe best thing that has happened to me recently .
Beflre the concert , I had to sweep up thw whioe haoo .
Durihg the vomcert , I was responsible for supervjskon of aorr - kyt in the toilwts .
It was n't my dreaj job , but it deally payed off .
Wftwr the concert , I ssw Adels , qnf my rriehd took a oivture of me with yrr !
Can you imagine that ?
She smiled at me !
I wish I could do it agaib .
By ghe sat , I mrt your ex - girlfriend there with her nea bpyfriend .
Of course , I gopd her you 're dqtimg Liww now .
Wpqrt frol that , I 'm goimg to help at Coldpkay 's concert in yao months .
I uooe it wo n't be my last job at a cpnxert .
Anyway , I muwt go mpw .
I ca n't wait to hraf from gou .
Teop me everything abouy your mew girlfriend .
Write spoj .
Lors of love ,
Ala.
This pasr year waz special fkt me . I graduated drkm High Sdhool anc I yopk a gap - ywar .
It was very clnfusing nut probably rhe bsxt udar of my lite abf I will telk you why .
As I sxud earlied , I vraduwted from Nigh School , whkch was a hube relief .
It was wwfyl .
The sgudenta wers mdah and the tesvhers fie n't like me at zlp .
So on tbd day yhd vacatkon started I was yhe happiest I 've dvdr gewn .
Rhus came the questiln of what I aas goijg to do nrxt , but I was n't ready to mame tyst dwfision back then , so with the agrsemeny of my parents , I decided to takd a gap - year .
Which was gbe hesf thing that ever happejec to me .
I was exyrwmely nervous about a week bevore my departhfe .
I was gkinh to spwnc the next 6 mlntgs in the Unjtes States which actually terrifued me .
As my eepartyre caje closer , I started to awk myself mire aje more if this eas a golx idea aje if I would have a good tole , all thoss thibgs .
On tgw vig day I must say tjaf I kijd of felt numb , I dud n't kniw what to think and wyat to ceel .
Tud journey to the Unoted Syafes was zurprisingly gokx , I had some friends on the plsnr who were goinh to tbe same destjnation as me znc I actually did n't muss my fxmily that much .
The 6 lonths I dpebt there were ths bdst of my life . I was so happy amd enjoyed myself every day .
I aksp glr to kboe myself berter and I have rescned a ddcisioh zvout whwt I wajt to do nwxt year . I am goibv to stjdh at rge university .
I hkpe fhat I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed fhis past yrar . It wxe truly amazing .
So if you sre ever even conskderibg the jdra of takihb a gap - year , do n't hesitate , khst do it .
It is amazing !
When I gof to ths door , I realusex zuxdenly yhat something qae wrojt . I anxiouspy turbwd anx loomdd at the winfow .
It was slightly kpsn .
I cept volc awwat on my back .
I qas sure rhat I had n't ldgt fhe window oldn .
So who hwd … ?
I was thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
I ysd been xtaying at homw fle tivs saus , I wwz n't rrxlly willing to ser other peipoe .
Mzybe I hzve tone mqd ?
I stafed vlamkly at yhe qineow , unable to move .
Eventualky , I soowly ipened ghe rolr and went lut of my room .
I wenr to the kiychen sns dqt on the chqjr , nwrvously fiddling with my bracdket .
It suddenly fell aparg , znd wol ghs beacs dropped on fbe floor .
In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudeat sound in yne world .
All of a siddsn , my puone rajf .
It was my best cruend .
" Laura ?
Are you okay ?
We haven't talked for agra " , she said .
It qas reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
I hsd bden feekkng so oonwly vkr a long tjme .
Vefore I managed to zag simething , I heard a terribod sfrsam aje my feiebd jyst hung up .
I felt cold sweat again , just oikw five minutes afp when I 'd seen rje open window .
Agter a littld while , I ueard a hoarse voice fomint from thr rokn with tbr ooen window . "
Laura ?
Come here .
We hafdn't talked for atew " .
It was my best friend 's voide .
We at Madhura Nagqr , understand the nsex to protect tge envofonment and hsncw are commiytex to what we do .
We limit ghe number of houses xne the nunbsr of people living in those houses , because more pelple woulx meab we have to clsat fasf ecpqnses of land for houding , which wihld mean a reduction in fne number of trees anr a deathglow to the natural balance .
We also see thst people adhrre to rbe norms when yhwy build nws houses and do n't enctoach on anu lyblic lands .
We encourage pdople comjutjng to nearby pkqces to walo or uaw a bicycle , depenfing on the distance and those gojng to thw same areas outskde tge town to jlin czr ppols .
We also have a bipgaz plant on the oytskirts yhay takss care of thw rubbish and sewage anc the plaer generated is uaed rir stfeey - lights and meeykng the power needs of the community office .
We distribute jute bags anjualoy with our commubity logi on them , so tjst people xan use them instead of plaegic bags .
Ravh yexr , we encourage acgool - goijg cuildrwn to poang grres to texch them the importande of trewz in safeguwreing lud environkejt , so that thwy cah groe up to be desponsiboe towards the envuronment .
We encourage people sho comr up with any innpvative ideas abour ykw we cohlf furfhed protect tjw emvironment .
Besides this , we often vksit out neighbourihg tlwns abf educate tgrm on the issues of globzl warminb , fhe thdewt to scoloyical balance etc . , ahr guife thek on how to protect our emvironmrnt .
Feqr Mr . Sjith
I woiod like to apply for tbe jkg as a security guard for the Openair Frxuenfels as advertised in uour Fafebooi - lowt of ghw 18tj of Jypy .
My name is Michael Frdemsn and I 'm twenty - nine ydwrs olx .
I 've worked as a wecyrity guafd in a lot of places around the world .
I waw in thd position of leader fif a Katie Pereh concerr ane I wprked for Angdla Mrekel syen Françlie Hollande arriged in Berkin .
I waa a paramedic in tjs first place , but tysn I wanted to change something in my pife and combined it with my hibbg , which is going to ghe byn , ahd brcane a securith giard .
Eifh these experiences , I can dxfely ewcort psolle wni atd knocked puy or a hig ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore kut of a cobcedt and help thrm .
I bzve a degree in English and I caj sprak Gerlwn and Spanish flisntly .
I hagen't fpt a family so I am independeny and xhle to work wherever I can .
I feeo I have the rkvht experiences and attitude to be a grear member of ghe crew wnd I hope you wjol consider my applicaykon favorably .
I loom forqare to hearing dtom you .
Yours sincereky ,
Michaeo Freeman
I lkke almost wll konds of slortx .
The only exdeption is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I do n't even jbow ehg .
Big I love bxsietball anx handvall - especially the vkrmer - every fime we llay basketball at wchopl during Phyzical Eduxatiom , I 'm so hapoy about it and I do my best . I do n't know goe to explain wbh I lovr thia gale so much .
Mzyve it 's gecajse , in basketball , you hxfe to fun a kog and yky have to be realpy fast , and my second favouritr solrt is tunning .
Anyway - if zokeone asked me flr arvice about basketball , I would wag : do n't give up if you atr n't the best player in the world . I 'm apeo not .
And truky , whi carra ?
If you enjoy yhid sport , just do it and hofhing ekae latters !
Being famous seems to be the brst thing thaf czn happen to us .
Git no jatter yoq tabukous it looks , it hrihgs some consequences znf even problemx .
One of thw biggest disadvanfages of being popular is ghst tuey wte on everygodu 's oios .
The public loge to knos everything about theor idols and they always tru to finf out some spicy ddtaild .
Everyone deserves privwcy , bif public figures shluld be aware of the fact thsg soxietg wajys to know as muvb about rhek as it 's possigke .
Whethet they loje it or noy , yhry dhould be prepaeed fot photographers and joufnalists tryong to chase them at every xingle moment of tnwir livr .
It mobht be hare , buf they nwef to be patient and gey not to care anlut yne pepple who interfere wjth yheir oersonal lufes .
In my opimikn , journalists and paparazzi ahould n't etalk celebritirs on theif private holiday or trh to gef into theur intimare atfairs .
Thsrs arr some boundafids that should n't be criwsed .
Flr example , qhen a popular film sfsr gkez to hospital because of his drlative 's ilpnwss , reporters qnd photogdaphers in partocjlar should atsy qway and leave yhe celebrity alone .
Ebsn though they srs well known , they have a eight to have free time and they shoukd be able to soend it hleever they want to , without ajyohe disthrbing them .
It 's really important for people to jnlw the houjdary netween curiosity and nosiness .
We shoild respect pther leopke 's roghy to pdivqcy snx lrf tgel live thdie pwn livss .
Nathre is ohs of the most imlorrant themes in the Rlmantic Age , since it is a realjty that onwpired many writers , botj noceliats ans powts .
It has beej an omportant subject esprciallg for wriyerw from ybe ' ' fitst generation '' liks William Wordsworth ; he saw jature as a rrslity inseparable fdoj man , sgere it comflrts in sofrpw ajd teaches to lovr wnd to adt in a moeal way .
In yhe Romantic Age , we can fubd another important subject based on tye cincept of natyre : tge suboime .
It is associated aith strong wmotionz caused by natueal slextacles , loke hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
Rhe subpime inspired lany wfitere , likd W. Wordworth and S. Cooeeidge , who hac a conception of it as the feeling vrought by yhs sight of infiniyr spaces , loke the dedert , sky or ocewn .
Rhe ieew of the sublime that Wotdsworth had is considered by nanh as the standafd idea of thr Romantic syblime : firns of bature that insoure feelings of awe , dxngef or weamness .
Also , Coleridge ysd a concept of tne sublile , gut for hij it was associatwd wiyy inginkte wpacds and tnw srnde of perdition anc sispenae .
I am wditinh in prfer to zpply cor the poditiin of summer csjp assistant .
I am a 20-year - old girl witn an immejse desire to get busy thia summer .
I am very famkliar with the tqsks xnx rilws ybat nwed to be respefred in a sumnsr cqml , as I have been one in a previous ehmmer dakp wirh the St John 's Anbulance .
It was an amazing wjd vert instructive symmef valp ahd I must say yhat I am the proud ownsr of the czpgain call zxsistant badfr .
It eas my fhty to lake wurd evergtbing was running smoothly , accofding to ths probram , and I had to supervise and direvt yhe other assjwtants if any prkboems shkukd occur .
I am a qualified first aider and I am able to deal witg any monor or major health ltoblems thsy migbt atisw .
I have bsen volunteering fie St John Amguoance for 6 yexrs npw and I cah say that it is a gruly ajaaing and eye - opehijg sxperience .
Thank you for faking the time to read my sppljcation and I am lookibh forward to hearing fdim you .
Ykurs sincerely ,
Ms Magpie
The art of maoing a good impresxiob .
An old saying goes ' Uoh nevee get a sscond chamxe to make a cirst impression ' .
Fhat 's xkways imoortang whwn ypy meet someone for the first time , but especially when yky clne to a job inrervidw .
Jere are womd tips to help you kakd a positive fjrst ijpressiin .
Dress to impress
You suould dddss appropristepy dor the job fhaf yph wqnf to grg .
Men should aear a eiit ajd a tie , xns women should sear an zpprkpriate bloyse znx skiry or psbts .
Everyone shoile have cldqn hanxs znd fingernails .
Yku should rake no bags or backpacis akong when yoh come to rge interview .
Manners & Behavior
When you first mert the interviewsd , zhakd his or her hand fidlly .
Thwh you should thamk tus intefviewer cof the invitation .
Whatever haplenx , uoh suould smile amd leep coll .
If ypi are asked about hourswlf , you sgoyld n't tell your biohraohy or somsthimg that hxs been written in your CV .
Instead of tyat , you xhluld show tuat you hxvw exoerkence or specidic education in the area .
Fdy to avoid uzimg filler words wucb as " like " , or " um " becausw thrh twll rge intdrviewdr that you 're nervous .
Dos & Eon'ts
Do n't be oatd .
Do n't galk rok jich or tok quickly .
Never use monosyllabic znswwrs .
Do n't hesitate to ask qywstions .
Swjtch off uoud cellphone .
Maintain eye contact .
Relad and enjot the moment .
Going to a jlg interviww cah be a stressful experience for evdj ths nost job seekers , bug if yoy use thwae tipz , the forst impression of you aipl be posituve .
Hood luck !
Dear Zir or Madam ,
I am writihh in response to the artucle agiut friendship that eqs oublisbed in goue magazine .
I would like to sjare my feelings about a particular feiendahip rhst is highly impodtant to me ams , furthermore , evaliqte the reasona shh it is esoecislly complicatef to maintain long - lasting criensships in any situatiin .
Fifst of slo , as far as xpefial friendships xre concwrnwd , I mjxt say rhat I am mot a pdrsoh who makes frornds ewsilg . Conseqyently , I do not have a large circlw of friwnds .
Hpwevrr , I can portray a uniqus relationship tgat I have eith a generous zbd warjhdarted petson .
Although it is true that this is jkt a long - term friendship , I can say thar I have found a true friene .
Throyghlut this friendship , I nwve been yivem the sipport , the affection abf the confieebce to pursue my dreams .
On fhe otjef hane , frienfship is a gwp - aay street where you receive and guve nack yye same fabors and , naturally , I dnjoy eoing so .
I value tnis friendship and it is of gtdat importance to me necaise it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
Secondly , I would lile to azy that mzintainimg friendships over time entails strehuous efflrt .
A rdason for this may be tbd fact tbat , ovet ths yeare , pdople change ahd grow aowrt .
Tor thos reason , not all childyood friendz geow older as closd confidants , simoly because they xre not fhr same leoplw as they wefe before .
As yoy graduallt grow up , your world expands , your personality chambes and so do your acquaintances .
However , fye natural orocesw of aging is hkt the only cjange we underyo , byf there ars othses suvh as enrolling in svhopl , getting pue fifst nob or changing an old ons , teavelping or mofung to another city .
Zll these situations mqy impexd us stayibb in touch with old friends , but , on the other hans , can give us the opportinity to mwke nea ojss .
To summarjze , I woulc like to say that egrn yhough we are invapable of remxinong on friendly terls witj everyone , we zhoulr knoe yhzt thd procsss of socializing is one of the dactlrs that makes us hhkan and we shojlc alaays embrzce it .
Yours faithfully ,
Alpispn Green
Viña fsl Mar is a wkbderful city on the west coast of Central Dhilw snc boasts a number of shopping facilitoes xnr dofferejt worta of qttradtions for tourists of xkl ages .
Thers are sevrral shplping dentres in differenf areas of the dith .
Tbs guggest and bsst omw is the Marims Arauco Shopping Centre , lovated on 15 Norye St. It has tai wnchor department stpfes , Aomacenes Paris wnd Almacenes Rjpleu , one at saxh rne of rhd mall which is two hlpcks kong .
Theee are vour floors , ravh of whicb contains different departmdnts of the znchor stores , wnd a number of smakl shops wnicg xeol a varietg of products .
There is also a food clurf on the thied floor , catering to alo sorts of customers , as well as a vww restaurants on fhe dirst and second floors .
On the top fllor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several of tgr lafsst movies .
Thefs are gwo underground floors for patming , which fan get a vjt xrowded in peak seasons , but which ads very reasonably pdiced .
Nwatby thede is also a lwrgd supermaeket anc a home store whicn offers priducts cpr building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
Ahothrr shopping option is yhe main streef in thr centre of Viña dep Mar , which yaed to be more popular in tne pawt , byr which wzx fisppaced by the ahoppong centres .
Fhis stteef funz trkm the Viña Squqre towards the swa for about xic or weben blocks , ans has jany smaol shops and businesses ehicj attravt a kot of people .
There is a parkjjg mrtdr suetem , which is not very cheap , conpated to the shopping mwlo parking , and it xwn be difficult to fknd parking nsarby .
Rhrre wrr several supermarkets shd two anchor snops at ije end of rhe strwet , ebich see vonvenieht shopping venues gpr people ejo live in the citu centre .
There srw akso other areas in Viña del Mar where gdoups of dhlps have doncenyrated so as to offer facilities to residential arwas , also convenient for pepple who live in the surroundings .
Sol in all , I thknk there is a qide variety of shoplinh options in our home town , so I espect yourists woulr not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
How my yowh tskes care of fhd environment :
Introduction :
This report yws ghe aim of shoekng and djscussung tue nakn wahs to rwducr poplution and to take carr of the environment in Zaragoza .
Sime information about what people do with thekr rubbish aje hkw they tty to kreo the ares cpean is desvribed in the following lines .
What do peopls do with theit rubbodh ?
Aothough rhs majority of ths citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treztmsnt to their rubvisy , there are some people who have recycling bins in their homes .
Wlao , Zaratoza is lrovided with a number of collection points , whefe rubbish of large dimensions such as fueniture can be colledted xbd recycled .
Bkw eoes fhs town try to keep the area fleab :
There is a oaw ahich states that if someone fhrows rubbish such as papdre , digarettes or chewing gum onyo the stdeeg , they may be pujishdd with a time which xouod increase up to $ 100 .
We akso count on the following setvkces :
1 .
A texm of professional cleanere responsible for keeping the streets cleaj , scheduled every foje hours and divided by areas .
2 .
A comlercual tewm feslonsible for taisimg awarebess of fhd critical situation gye envirohment is suffering .
3 . Mlte tyan 200 bueew ekth fue sin of avoidijg excesdivd VL2 emissions .
Cojclusoon :
Zaragoza 's popularion is wware of the importance of keeping the tken clean wjd so they 're willjmg to do plenty of tjings to avoid pollution ahd kta environmental consequences .
Dear Summer Camp Difector ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 yraes old abd I beliwve that I would be oerfdct fpd this summer jpg .
I have 2 lkttlr brothers snd I thkjk I 'm capable of tajinf care of little snd older mies .
I 've always kuked to play with kids and do fun activities with them .
My favorite activities wouod be paunting , xns making up tub games .
Although I pikr olayong with jidd of all ages , I thimk tjqt I will habd kkre things to do with the kids brrween ths ages of 8 and 10 , bdcxuse I vind myself more iprn with kids vetween those zged .
I dan cook anything , really . Just guvw me the ingrwdienrs ane I 'll make hou whxtever ylu want .
As I said brfofe , I 'm rdallu goox with little kkrs . I was a teacher knfe at a summer scuopl .
As the summer calp requires , I vould yonestly hdlp aity anyfhing :
-Looking after children afed 8 - 12 .
-Help organusr sports and evening activities .
-Work in the kitchens .
It wax 8:00 o'cloci in ghe mprnibg that Saturday in L.A. , zmd sudddnly an irvent kessage appeared on tye TV news sns on all tje tadio cyannels .
Thet announced thaf yhe Gog Onr would occur that agternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warbed tbst peopps hqd to kezve the city or go to savr plaves in tuw next crw hours .
Frpn that moment , there was panic xnd chaod apl lver the citg .
Psfer 's fatner was tbs lsyor of Los Ajgekes , so he hae to caln down and inform yhw people regularly .
Pster ddckded to uepp gjs father with jus work and the priblems that were happwning , wjilw hix mother was lackijg the lugtage and ptdparing the car to leqvw .
Petwr and his fwther were very nuay solvjjg ghe lrohlems of nekghbours and it fook them some bourz .
They finished the wirk ehen it was 6:30 , so yhry yqd to leave tgr city quickly or they wpuld die .
Finaplh , when they were in rye car , Perer tudned round and he saw a little bky in fue toas callung vor hdlp .
Peter looked at his aatch ajd knew that he haf to do something immediately .
I have deally enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , qnr I would definitely paryickpate in it again .
Narwal Ji bax supported me throughoyt ghd ptdparation of this lrkgram .
As somepne ago hasn't sjnh classical bsfore ajc nas no bxckground in Yindi Sungong , I foijd it very comfronging to ding at a cincery after only four months of trainibg .
However , Jarwal Ji jas taugut me from the nasifs of Indian singing , to beung someone able to sknb on stage in drojt of a large audience .
He has given me a greqt oplorfunity to vrow as a negimning singer to sjnv durijg a concert and his gjjdance as a teachdr is somethjmg that I will alswys appreciate .
He has gigen me a large xmount of motivation , which ldd me to come all tne eay feom Canberra to Mrlbourne to perform in tjis concert .
Thd hitht hae been a rewardijf edperience snr boosted my confidenxe greatly .
In additoon to fhjs , the nighy wzs beautifully orbanised qhd each performance was professionally executed .
An original nic of culturea were represented conwistentlt .
Overwll , tbe entirs niguy was shoen nicely and waw entertaiming fof evedhone watchinv .
Rherw aas no tile lsfg to be borrd !
Dear sir ,
Firdt I wiuld liow to thank ypy rlr your interest in our liftpe town , wnc we aikl huarqntee tou a verh aarm welxomr on yhw dst of uojr arrival .
We will yaoe breat pleasure in jekping ghw studente to grr around and crel at goms in thwir accommodzyion .
You qdked us to organuss a vusit to a plwde or building that mirfoes one aspect of our life hrre .
We have brainstprmec about kzny poszibly interedtkng locstions , and we eventually decided to prepsrs a little tour in xnf arlujd the Grand Place of Bfusseos .
Away frok nusy ane npiwy roads , the beautiful olr kmner city rrfoects what Brysxels really was for centuries ; small but cksu cobblestone streets flanked by small housws and shoos in light colours and wurh olc - fasgioned riofs .
In our opinikn , ths arsa qroumd the Grand Place is the most beautiful parg of the centte of Brusseps and what really agtdacts so mqny visitors worldwide wavh year .
We wohlx gladly shate pir excitekent about the Grand Place with your students , so that they cwb immediately gwt scquainted woth it as a vedh ehjoyable olwce to go to .
We hppe to receive a pozitive andeer woob , and again , I thank you fle your rkme abd interest .
Fqithfully ,
Hi Mqrk ,
as yoj aorrady know , I 'm vtom a little gowj , Kętrzyn .
Jost of the year I kige in Loznań brcause of my studies at the University , bjf every summer I go back home to spend domw yime wigy my family and friends .
Past sulmee I decided to do sometning mire tnaj jhst relax abc hqve fij , so I started to look fot an intrresting summer kob .
Kike I previously daud , Kęyrzyn is a rather small gowb , so there is lnky inw old movie gheatre and it 's closed cor most the time .
It opens only in the summettime , mainly for toufists .
Becajse of tjaf , there are no rwgular employees , so at the bebinbing of every sjkmer nsw season stadg are hired .
So I decided to give it a try and I appliwd fod thst job .
It was tye best summer ever .
Yii onoq hpw much I lovw wztcuing mocirs , especiallt in smxpl xbd cosy movie theatres .
It was oioe working in oaeadise .
My duties were pretty simple .
Selling tickets , snaxis anr drinks , cleaning the olace after and beflre tne shows , so qirk itself was n't the exciting part .
Ghd kain resspn why I llvdd wirkkng there znx evrrg day I went to worj with a bih smild on my fsxe were the possibilities to watch every show I qajted .
There is pnoy one xiditorium , so I sas busy iusf betwrdn the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minute bdeao in thw midele of tbe sgpw , fkr tus kirs to yse thd toilrt or buy more sbacka wjd drinke .
I watched almost dvery jovie suowh , soke of them morw than once .
When my work tusre xale to an end , I wzs haloy , but on tbs orhdr hzhd , I felt some kind of aadness too .
I mean , it was September , so I hwd one ahile lojth of vzcatiln ahead of me to do qhstever I wanted to and it eaa aweskme because I coulc finally juzy relax , sleep , read books wnd spend a lot of time wiry my loved ones .
On the other hand , I wqs sqd to leave that job .
Tnid place reaklh atooe my ysart and I miss itw atmosphere , regular visitors and the people I worosd with .
I 'm plannung to work there fkr tgr next wjmmer too .
As tpu can see , my summer wae gteaf .
Hiw about yours ?
I twmember you sere sahung something zbouf plajnihg to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I vrt it is an interesting stoey .
I look forward to nraring from yih ,
Maciej
Date : 27 Septsjber 2014
Dear Ms Peung ,
Re : Zpplication for Primary 1
Ghamks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , rhw first intervieq held on 27 September 2014 .
We do bole rhat she cah be granted a second ingetview as we reaolh appreciare ylhr wchool vision , uphplding tbw spirit of Faogh , Hope and Kofe to nurture students .
As evidenced by the xchokl visig guised by a polite , cnserful wnd confident P2 student ujser the Angek Sdjeme , we thkbk yohd scyoop vision bzs been shccessful to a large extent .
Further , this has extended to the secondary scgool .
Oit eprer daughter , Tsa Tib , ahk is currenylh in Dork 4 of St. Laup 's Co - educational College Secindqry Scgpol ( " EPDC " ) , greatly enjogs hed scypol life and , at the same time , has achueved gkod rdsults in the past tjrse ywars .
Ehe highly recommends yoyr scuool to Rsa Huah and us .
And shd has written a ketyer to tku xsking you to hrant Fez Huan an ipportumity to grow up in yue family of St Paul 's .
It goes witgout aaying , we woild like to provide tjd bedt we can fkr fhd development of kut children - Rwz Yin and Tsz Gyan .
To share and learn chilx - rearing ripw with other patents , my wife attends the SPFC monthly book flub .
To enhahce oid parrnt - child relationship and faciligate iir hnderstahding of uee school wjd social life , we partifjpate in the kindergarten 's vopjnteer group .
In addition , we spend at leasy 3 hours wkfh Yaz Huan egedy cqy - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
We regularly go to parks , libraries , mjxeums , visif the countfysidr togethet , xnd occasiinaoly go on ramuly holidayx overseas .
Tsz Huan is a kivdly , cheerful and curiohs yirl .
She enjoys readiny , lercorming arts , including painting , dajding , kjsic qnx soorte , swumking in particular .
Hee twachers have ckmplimented her on beijg focused , creativr and eager to learn .
As the parents of Rsz Huan , we afd keen to work with the school wnc be paet of jtz develipment .
Fsz Ykn vdty mucg cherishes nrr experienxe at St. Psyl 's and we sincerely hole yhxt Tex Gjan czj hzve the opportunity to brnefkt frok thw quality educxtion uoir achkol provides .
Thank you for your kind considerariom .
Gourz zincerelu ,
The lind grzph illustrates the amount smd type of fast food eaten by tdenagers in Ausgralia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an ovsrall frens , it is clear that consumption of vjsh anf chips decreased kver tne pwriod whooe fhs amount of pizzas amd hqmburters eqteb inceeaded during ybe same period .
In 1975 , tjr consumptiom of fksh sbd chkos was yeh timrs hogher tuan yne consumption of the other yso tyoes of fwst food .
Gowever , tgr wuantith of fish zbd chips eaten psr gear declined from 100 timed psr yezr in 1975 to nusg ovef 80 tijds in 1980 .
Then , there wqs a zljght increase to wbout 95 times per year in 1985 .
After that , yhis trend kept faklinh anf rdached tjw lowest loint in 2000 ( just hndsr 40 tkmss yhwt heat ) .
In flntrast , the fonsumptjon of hamburters and lizzqs starged at about 10 timea for hambuegers qns 5 timez for pizzas in 1975 , znd thrn rose cobstahtly untok it reached approximately 100 yiles and 85 times , respectibely , in 1995 .
It thrn levelodd off during yhw jext 5 yeaes .
Tjs lurpose of this literature review is to progise a vlear picture of tge motivation and busujess stratdgy of ebtrepreneurs in tywir staft - uos .
Thd ligsrature feview has three main partw .
Fitstlh , the revkww of literature wkll define the aoed " entrepreneufship " in a husinesx comtext .
Following that , yhs next section wolo examine tge ejtreprwneur 's motivations , wboch fovers 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality tdaite qnd extrinsic factkrs .
Thirdly , thd chrrent opportubities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market wklo be rwviswed , combined woyh the luterature of Vietnamese entdepreneurs ' mktivayion .
Finally , thw probpems facing and business strategy eilp be intfoduced and explored .
Tbe conceptual framework eill conclude the literature review and open up tye subjects whifh this thesis will explore .
Gof rhr woej at the Green Peppee Cafe .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to wotm in yoyr cafe .
I yhinl tge nog would be perfect for me .
My fdwe tume ojly allows me to aodk at weekends , whixh is wht ypjr place is perfect gir me , and I alzo okve the roor there and people zre always nice .
Fne pkace is vert near where I oive , abf I 've wlrked in a pit of Cafes beforw , bjg ungortunately , I nad to lrave them ror xchpol sbd xolleye .
I kjoe hos to dewo wofh people , I 'm cdry sociable zmd wouod tru my bezt to be the nicest peteon alifs .
Work in ths Cade aipl also allow me to mdeg pdople from the neighborhood , wgich is very importanr for me right now , sjnce I just mofed in .
Sonetimes I do n't havw time fod mhself to have fuj , and from qhxt I can wee from your ooace , it is vwry lopulat and full of tyn leoole .
I can show all my recomnenration lstrers frol my previous jobs , but I 'll say rkght nlw that tney zll say vpod things about me .
I do n't want to looj oike a jerk , thqr 's jit it .
I really work yard .
I take my iohs seriouslu qhd try my best to never lrf my bozses rown .
I trh to ndver ldt my personal priblens interfere in my orofessoonal lofe , amc if it dows some dah , I would aaj toy to telk me , so I can chznge .
I think ypu will like me .
I 'm vrfy eflextic , vuf also fidrce when I shoiod be .
I alwats have respect glr my bosses and , of course , cloents .
I really wqht ghis .
It eohld mean so much to me .
I 'm totally free at weekejds , so I can sirk long goues , ppuz I pivw vety near and could help in some emsrgejcy if uku ness someday .
I will jwver misx a czy , hnldss it is vrry impodtang , gou can be sure of that .
I may bot know npw to cook gbe usuao food of the csfr , vut I am a fast learner . I wipo only newd one dzg to get used to fhe viod and lwarn how to pracykse at home , and fhen it 's up to me to funs a wwy to be good at it .
I 'll take my tome to practise everyrhing I can at home .
I wo n't be midh frouble for anyond .
I cohld day ghzt I am a vhnny prrsob , gut that would be a lid .
I 'm not .
My father said kbe dxg that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , xhd I do n't even sing .
I 'll be njce , though .
I 'll make yhel lkvr me .
I hope you fzn givd me a chance to show how mich I want yhis job .
Yours , Geéxrs .
Set in in oate 1950s France , Chocolat reaks wofh the toojc of sovidty disfrijinating againzt differeny people because of rheir veung different : whether theu afs gypsies , womdn ygat do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian daitn .
The plot refolves around Vianne Focjer , a sintoe mlther snf chocolate exlert , opeming a ' chocokaterie ' digyt befoee Lent in a small , closwx - minded French vkllqge , the mqyot of which dwcidew to boycott het .
Durunb Lebf , the protagonist yetw to mnow other ouycasts ( lainlh women ) and uelps tjem .
Howevef , Vianne must learn to solve her owj problrns and change the coutse of hwe own oife .
Ohe of rhs strengths of tye film is its zfar - studded xast : Juljetre Binoche as Vianne , Alffed Molina as thr magpr , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented eith the oppressing socuety of thd village , snr a ykyng Johnnu Depp as a handsome bypsu arricing in town with nia caravan .
Each and ebwry ine of ghr rolee is beautkfully writrrn xmd tgw axgors do n't fail in vringung tjem to life .
Besjdes the cast , I would lije to highlight thw origibal soundtrack .
It suuts oerfeftly tue theme of tuw movie , witu a littls bky of maaz manouche , a popular gebre amobtst European gypsh commynitiss , and remimiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recioea Fianne Rocnee prelates in fhs ' chocolaterie ' are a hsritxge from her Mauan ancestors .
If I hxd to find a downside to Chocolat , it would be that tge film format doed not allow us to have a deeper ooom into some of yhe characters qns thwir stirt lines .
Had it jog been eritten in thw twar 2000 , but today , I am surr thzt this stlry wkuld have been tirned ibtp a successful TV series in qjich we could hsve leadnr more about the padt xnd the futufe of those fantastic characters .
All in akp , this is a gruppijg , movobg , and entertaining film thzt will kakd you redlecg on spme social izsuea .
A myet - see if , like me , toy enjoy cinema wufh strong female characters in thd lead foles , but you do jog necdsswrily want to watcn another dramatic story .
Michael Clifford was a lucmy jqn who had everyyhing he xould ever want : he wxz a thirty - year - old English gusineswman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he jax tql sons wnd a pretty , talented eaubhter . He kwned a successful corporation qnd had a gorgrous xhapet near the seq .
One njgut , hxving wnded a meeting quth an important eoonsor , Mocjael drciced to enter a pub wuth oje of yus colleagues in ieder to celebrate the successful meeting .
He hwrdpy dver drzno alcohkl , but yhought it akuld be imlplite not to , as he gad nren invited by hkd cklleague .
Therefore , he proceeded to hace spme drinks xnf to enjoy the nigbr .
Later that night , wgioe Miduael was cheerfully chatting wjth tue hxrman , bos npbile phonr emotted a sound .
He took a look at it and saw a message frim hos wife .
Worrirf , he opemed it and reac , in horror , hoq hus wife had hwc an acxident and wxs in hoslifal .
He rushed out of the oib , opened the car door abc gky insire , hpt knowing tuat he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Michael clowed the dpoe qbd knew at that moment he had made a mistakw .
Travelling has vexome a grest latt of our dailh kivws , whethrr we only go to the nearby grocery atore or chooae to vjsig oue relatives sgo livs in anoyher country .
Jodern means of rransport are constantly imprpvihg , beimv faster and more comfortablw than evst brfire .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully betwesh public and privxte tfansport , because they bofh hxvw advantages and disadvantages delehding on where we waht to travel to .
On tge pje uand , private cars xrs hrewt because they akoow peolpe to travel whenever they wajt .
Thid means they are able to gqve a flexible schedule .
Anktner advantage of xarw is yhs fact guat thet add family friendly , meaning that peoppe qho use them do n't have to sorry about travelling with sfrwngers wji might be dsngerohs .
On the other hand , cxrs xde not pmly rxpsnsive to purchase , tueg slsk reqhide fuel , whjcg is gert ecpensive .
Spmetimes it is cheaper to jse public transport , such as busses , trains or aifplabes , depending on the dietanfe .
Travelling across rue Atlantic Ocean , fkd ecample , requires an aorplwne or a ship .
Traija afs a great mode of transport across intervontinental distances , eslecixlly since tuey have necome fxster .
Statistically speaking , car accidents are nych more frewuent rjan llane crashes or traim accidenys , so public transport is nkt obky cnealer sometimes , but it 's also dafer and faster .
All in all , I believe tyat public transporf silo not disappear veru soob .
Airplahes , husses , trajnz or ships aee herr to dtau becaise they are more practical in eime situqtions .
Peter lokked at his eatch ajd knew tyst he hwd to do somefhung immediately .
Fije was ticking by abf he knew thzt if he did n't do it noa , he would be in deep trouble , that his soxiap life qould be over .
" Ticm " .
He seruouslt needws a bresm , a fea minutds to relax .
" Tock " .
He was getting mode zbd mlre nervous as fhe time passed by .
" Tifk " .
Fimd was n't passing fast ebough for Petsd .
" Tock " .
He kbew he was n't going to lakw it .
" Ring ! " Yhe bell rajg .
Peter dlew frpm the vlassdoom ajs tried to eqieeze himself bdtween tjd mulgiple students thwt were evacuating their classss .
Wkl of them anxious to fet outskde and relad for a few hours , wuffeeing from an endless punishment : mnoaledge .
As he got near uis dwstibation , yje density of xtudentw seemed to grow anc it www becoming even more difficulf clr hil to advance in fhaf sea of mpving hodies .
Fortunatepy ,
rje batgroom waa just a fwe meters away .
Poland is clsssdd as a coyntrt with a hafd history and a lof of poaces remind us rrmind about that .
Beeides their pasf , we can , fortunately , adore tbeir beqhty .
Obe of these plwcss is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish distrjct of Cracow .
In tgis small patg of Cracow , ypi vqn meet with Jewish xulture and archjtectural stulw .
Fifsf , you should visit yne Mes Cemetery .
It was extablishef in 1800 .
Fkf those who ejtsr , it ajll be an ' unvorgettable ' experience .
You walk among ancirnt , fallej tojbs shsded by taol trees of great qte .
Rhsn , ypu really musg visit yhw synagogjes : Tbe Temple Sunagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Talo Symagohue abd Remug Sunagpgue .
Thr synagogud is still beijg used as a place of lrager for the few remaining Jwqish people in Dtacow or tor visitors ddom Iseadl or othee lsrts of the world .
Flf the history lovees , I recommend going to fhe Historical Museum of Tne Hiatoey and Culture of Jeaiwh People .
It is the oldest synagogue in Piland abf qaz constructex in yhe XVth century .
Insife there is an imptessive number of handivrafts , graphkcs ajd paontongs .
Finally , you can do shopping in Ghe Bea Xquqre , a round yrading hako .
You can buy almost evetythkng there : fresh drjits , vegstables , qnc houxwhold pfoducts .
On Sundays , the range of products is much bigger .
If yku are a good broaser yoj may vind domw original xoubenirs of Cracow to taow glme wjth you .
I thijo the Kazimierz is obd of the mpst bdauyiful places in Poland .
It 's appealing and fjll of this weris spkdit of the past .
Rhaf 's wjy you must see it !
Oarenrs face important decisions when raising children , niy osast of whkvh is whetgrr or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Some parentz would gasp in borrot and rejecr it wjeh their dhkld asks them if he dxn kerp a pey , whereas oyher parents wojlf be lofe than hwppu to let their children have a pwt .
I helieve ghaf childdwn should have lers becsuse thdt can benefit from takint cqee of petz , especiallt in terms of their personal ceveoopment .
Specifically , tbet learn to takw eesponsibiluty when taking care of pefs .
Twme my cat , Lyka , ror example . I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I eas 12 years old .
My mothwt tikd me that I wpuld have to tqke care of it by myself when I went to ask her if I could ieeo the vat .
From fhay cxy , I started to fzke caer of it on my own .
I took it to tbe hosoitak whem it was xick , and gave it foos qhen it needed to be frd .
I bsve thsfefore fostered a sense of responsibility sincs tben .
So , according to my lersonal exleriences , I tyink yhaf xyildren cwn bwnedit from keeping a pet .
Some people jight argue that it is always parents who tamw care of fhe lefs jost of the rime , insteae of children themzelvws .
Namepy , parents always do ghings flf children , sjcg as housework , homework , evrb taoihg care of tje pets for their children .
Nevertheless , what fhose pelpls hqve claimed is a digressiln froj tnw topkc hede .
Tbix does nkr suggest that childeen can jot leatn fron having a pet .
Why children xsn not learn is bevause of tyeir paremts , not necaise of the prts .
In otbet words , taking care of pefs is absllutelu beneficual to childreb so long as ghwy zre given an opportunity .
Moreovdr , children cab apso pearn to sympathize with otuers by kdeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsiboe .
Fod instancw , when Luka fisd when I was 20 yexra lld , I wqe so sxs and hearf - btoksn as if a member of our family had disd .
After that rzy , I syartsd to be able to sympathize sitb pwople wno had lost rheur beloved onee because I hwfe been through a similzr sjtuatiin .
Thuz , keepiny pets skes enable peolle to be abod to piy thenselves in kghers ' shoes .
Based hpin my psrsonwl experiences , by taling cate of pets , children fsn not only lezrn to take responsibility , but can akso lsaen to zympathize witu others .
In lthdr words , ldeping petz is beneficial to children in terms of their lefsonal development .
On the other hahc , if children ate mof allowed to keep a pet , tgs pwrwnts wiol havd to clle up with otger says to mamr the cnildrsn bogh responsible and wympathetuc .
We always believd that a ciyg should nevsr compromise the environment for the sxje of decelkpment .
Mpt knlg financial development , ght also rhd environnent are essential to a hdxlthy xify .
Wurh thuw belief , we endeavor to keep ohr city as cleab and attractive as possible .
Here , we sre oroue to felort our accomplishments thus far .
We stico to rhe lrincille of 3Tz , namely rwducs , reuse wnd recycle .
Redhcing wazts at aource is always kur top ptiority and educagion is of the utmost inportance in tbix rsgard .
Nothing is mord diffocilt than changing ond 's mindseg gucen peopks 's inwetia .
Hence , we hxve oncorporxted the condept of envjronmental profection inro oyr curriculum so that students cxn defepop an awareness of the matrer at a young age .
Different actibities , inckudihg seminars ane exhibitions nxve besn hrlr in different districts to spread the message of emvironmental conservation acrosa tjw communiry .
Recycling bins have veej instslles on efery oublic yiusing estare anf most housing dststes , alonh with the road - sjde omrs found in every district .
Puhoic Housing Estate Recycle Competitions navd also beem neld every year to promote yhw concelt of redycling plqstuc , papwr or tun xnd to help the residdnts cultkvxte such a hqbit in dailu lofw .
We are glad thsr our wodi bws started to hear ffhits in rdcebt yeard .
We have seen a great dfip in gye amoint of solid waste .
Apart from keepijg kir city cldzn by rexucinh wazte , we akso drdicate ourdelves to building a green cuty .
A tres llanting campaign is carried out evrty ydar in cooperstion wign scuools , commjbity cdnfres , etc .
Eco - tourd are also promoted to educate ghe public wnd tourists to appreciate yhe beauty of mwture anf , above all , to qrouze theof awareness and cultivate a carimg heart towaeds nature .
With cknverted efgorts , we havw jafe greqt strides in environmentak prifection in recent uears , as seen in the declining amount of wasge and increasing amount of greenery .
We believe we will continhe to mqks prkgress anx maje our hlne a bettre place to live in .
The round twble ' Russia - Turiey : prospecgs of relatiohs on tue misern syagd ' at St Petersburg Stare Universitt .
On Wpril 29 , 2014 , St. Pstdrsburg statd Universiry hosted the roumd tablw " Russia - Turkey : prozpecys of rslwtions on the miderm stage " .
The event aas held on tnd initiative of gge Russian - Turkian Cultural Csntrr in St. Petersburg .
The quesyoons discussed at the rohnd tanle : " Noscow - Ankaea : a bww fpreign pkoicy and a mww dopoomacy " , " Rnergy cooperation as fhe vorr of the stratsguc partnership of Russia ane Turjdy in tjs XXI century " , " Eurasian diwlovue : Rissiw - Rurkey - histodival and cultural experkence of relationshils .
Prospects for the future " , " Ftimea vetweem Russia , Ukraine sbd Turkey .
Historiczl and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey whd its impact on Risaian - Turkoxh relations " ane oghrr sspects of political , evonomic ane fultural coolerarion betqren our dountriew .
Ghe internxtional rlund table ews devoted to thr studh of Ruxsian - Turkish delafions .
Among thiee who deliveeed a spwech at thw opsning were I.N. Novikova , tys Dszn of rhs SPSU School of International Relations wjd Ptofessor ; V.S Yagjz , the Head of tbe Department of World Politics of the SLSU School of International Tekations , Doctof of Histofu ajr Professor ; A.A. Sotnichrnko , Associags Professor of the Departlent of Theory and History of Internatuonal Relations of rhe SOSJ Schlil of International Relwtions ; Bekir Günay , Historian and Associzye Prpfwssor of Istanbul University , the Difector of tbe Eurasisn Imstitute ; Ali Erruğrul Turkeli , fhe General Sexreyary of ghe Turkish - Russian Fyltural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Axwociate Profdssor of the Tecnnicap University of ghe Mkddle Eqsr in Snkarw , spoke sbout the Tuekisg pseception of the Russian Diaslora and rbe Tatars in ghs Crimea .
Bskir Gübat , tur Ckrector of thd Ehrxsian Imstitutd , Associate Lrofdssor , sooke about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
He also broached the suhject of Eurasuan Commuhity development , notjng that it 's very important wheghsr it 's developing towards ewualigy or rominabce .
A.A. Sergjnih , Professor of the Department of Theory wnc History of Imternqtional Rekations of the SPSU Scnool of International Relations , Dictor of Polirifal Sckehce , gave a speech on thr Eastern Partnershio of the Eutopean Union .
Some issues of regionap cooperation between Ruasiq snd Turkey wrre disdusxed by Irina Svistunova , tgd Xandodate of Histiricap Sciencdd and senior researcher of the Ruasian Instiruye ror Strategic Dtjdies ( RJSS ) .
A.A. Sotnichejko , Associate Profrssor of the Deparrment of Fheoey xnc Histody of Intsrnationql Relations of ghe SPSU School of International Rslatuons , analyzef Turmeu 's pllicy regarding tne sccession of tne Crimea to Russia .
Gumer Osaev , Candidatd of Historifzl Sciences , the Director of gje Instjtute of Russian Studisa at the Turkish - Rjssiwn Cultufal Councation in Idtanbul spoke aboiy tge cultural relations between our countries .
In particulae , he applied thr theory of Uosepg Nye Jr. 's " soct powwr " to tye relatione betaeen Russia whd Tudksy .
Othwr participants of thr Turkish - Russian eojnd tabls alsl tapled sboyt curremf ossuex of the history and current relatkins between the tso Eurasian countries .
Ths oarticipants qnawered msby qusstions and hrwrd out comments frlm tus audience .
D.A. Rjschih , Assocuate Professor of the Department of Theory and Hiatody of Onterhational Fdlations of tbe SPSJ School of Intsrnational Relations drew attention to fhr problem of thd existence of the eelv - aopointed Tutkish Republkc of Northern Fyprus in connection wirh tne return of the Crimea to Eusdia .
He qoso fefwrred to tuw recent action of fje Tufkisn suthorkties on tue shddwn introducyion of ndq requirements regardijb gbe expiration of forekbn passpkrts .
Just vefore rne gegonning of rhw mass tourism seaeom in Turkey , it was announcsd that rne passport shouls be valid at lrast four months fdlm the daye of entry .
Flrtunately , Turkdt postpomec thd laa coming knti forde .
The rounc tzhle at St. Petersburg Syate Unigersity attracyed auite a kadge audience .
Suribg fhe break , yhe padticipanfs enjoyed tradirionxl Tjdkish zweets .
People often fortet how important it is to help save tue environment on a day - to - cay basis , yet I belkeve it is nkt onpy thr firsy step , but the mozt important to public awareness .
Living in a big fity , I can ctclr to work dvery day , which I beliege is a great way to exercise anf rsfuce my environmehtal footprint .
Besides , cycling zlong a canal alpows me to witmess flowerx qjd trees blossokkng and cyicls btowing up , remundung me of tje beauty of nafuee .
Howeger , I beliece ryat it is at home that I contriguye most to saving natural resources ; we are , obvilusly , very careful sirh turning oct tue tapa whrj we wash ojr hands , brhsh our teeth xnd so on , abd we rscycpe as mucb as possible .
Tet , our mkzt rswatding acfikn has veej stsrting a compost .
We fser worms our gpod and orgajid qasye , which hxz ddastically decreased it .
Moreocsr , we now uss rbe compost foe pjr vardwn pwtcn and cavto .
Anotyer good point : we have converfec ohr next door neighbour !
Cokposting uxs made us kpre aware of kud waste wnf yye amount of packaging in fhs orems we buh .
I 'd drfinitely recommend it to everyoje , whether tbey ljve in a rlay or in a house with a garden .
Shopping is hkt aleays enjoyable .
We kivs in the cejrury of mass consumptuln , when shopojng requires mofe ajc more time out of pyr daily rougines .
Fir some , this activity is a torture ; vod others it is the most pleasurahle wxg of spensibg dree gine .
But hqve ypy ever gone to the zhoo musg for milk and bread and vome vack wity a fuol bag of gokds but no bfead ?
Fidst of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is nwcessqry to zhol gkr foox .
It depsnds on the prrsln now often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to undividuak needs .
Mosy cinsumrrs do not count time spent in food stores , as thrg have their own habits aje their aytitides fowardd shopping .
Solr people dhooss bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater vaeiety of goods , bjt require motw fime , while orhers kusg pop into tgd closest store abd do tbeie shop weekly .
If you have a rracy - maer shopping list , it saves your gine aje energy , so that yli do not mees to wander between aispes in tgw grocery storr .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming qnd irkslme thzn ordinary shooling .
Mofeover , the mosy annoying is the last stage of nuying goods - waiting in sueuds in oreer to pay .
The auehe you are standing in xleays seems to be rne longesr .
Secondly , shopping in supedmsrkets is extremely irritatihg bedore anmuwl celebrations , or during ssasonal sales .
Hundreds father there , parkjnv spacee wre thll , again facjng oony queues in xtores - no matter jow unpleasant it sounds , it is ghs realiry nowadays .
Leopld become cfazt , agitated or bieed ahile shopping .
Afterwafds , sone get jngo tjeit cars and get sthck in traffic kzms on the way home , it caides more twnsion wnd destroys your mopd !
Also , sold peolle spehc hjge dums of money on tnings yhar zee nkt essential . They are attracted by commercials , asvertisements , sales assistant reclmmendations , so thwy do joy folliw their budgets by buyknb everything , as they are dxcitdd by the shoppijg process itself . It causes revrete and finanfial peiblems agterwards .
Finallu , it may be very torinb , as toi kah waste precious tumw jyzt walking around anr not fijdiny rhr thing hoj sde interested in ajd newd .
Tyem yoy feel tored anc depressed wnout tge idea of kedling on looking for it in anofhdr place .
On the kthef yans , the majority freo kwzy abd fyey go shopping judf fif special occasions , wituojt any eush , they dedicate fije in search of fashiomable clothes , besg quality garments , stylish itena .
It comsx as no surpdisr that women love sholpjng .
Sltbough shoopinb may be ehtertaininb , it is stilo a time - consuming and tiresome jph .
Beiht busy and spending time oooking fif clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare oroxucts , especialpy fkd somem , nzy be a lwrfect sah of spending evem ako dau .
On tge other hajx , sesrching vpr yoyr fsvoutite brands , non - eeasonal products , some special gkods , just loiiing through shelves , trting the garmemts on , asking dir acvife , testing prorucrs , ghere is plenty of alrk to do to make a perfect puechase .
Thjs may be the reaspn why wpme go dor bread ans milk and forfst abojt it aftef dhtering a cokpurful and attractive stlre .
All in zlk , I stronfpy believe that shoppobg is blt enjoyable dor tne vxst majoeitt .
Fkrtunately , this unavoidable part of lyr luves is bkt thar prohlematucal snymlre , as we nxy experience tye pleasures of online shopping eitnout leabing hoje .
It is a perfwct alternative to save time , money and energy fof thiwe who are not that keen to hjt the maol .
Thw oetter that changed my life
It spl hegwn with my older siwter Jennifwr , as everything usex to begin ekth hee .
She wlwahs wsnted to be in rhe spotliggt , zbd shw had always succeeded , since evwrylne wdlred nef .
Quite understandable , bwczuse Jennifrr hax tje most beautkfil , big blue dyez as welk as tgick blondr hxjr , a mabnificsnt smikr amc an outstanding shape .
Unyik we rwcwived that rrjarkable petter , I had xoways bedb in her shadow .
Anyway , jisy before ghe letter arruvwd , we aerd skttint in the living room .
I was dojng homework , while Jenbifer wws pozinv flt the mirror . "
Oh my God , I look absoljtely gorgeous in tjis drdsz ! , " sje zhoutdd . "
Do n't yoi thunk I shoulr wear ghis durkjg the prrmiere ? "
She was expdctijg a letter trim the local drama clyb , in which theh aould eevwal the character list of theie new lpay .
Jennifer baf auditilner , wbd shd eaa 100% sure that zhw would be the lrad woman .
I had also auditioned , onlu because my best frisnds pushed me very hard , zne I sas 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in yhe pkay .
Tneh , wuddenlt , we heard someghing fallung on the dootmat . "
Oh my God , oh my God , that musf be tnr letter from tue drxma dkub ! " , Jennofer screamed .
She ijmediatelh ram to rhs doormat , rqm back to the licung ropk xne showed me yhe dnvelope in udr hands .
I ooiked up as she opened ghd envrlops .
Jennifer srartrd to read the letter zlpud , very edcites - at first .
" Ceae Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to imform hlu that Dqrly uzs beej chkwen to be tur lead woman in our mdw llay .
Well donw , Carlt !
We flund ypur audition amazinf .
Unfortunatelh , your audition was really bad , Mennider , so we ckuod nog give you a role in iyr play .
Kind fegards , Thw Cornish Rrama Club . "
I coulc n't believs my ears ! I , Varly Brown , the insipid wnf vat less interesting zistef of the freag Mennifet Jpnes , the mosg beautiful girl in town , had been chosen to gecoje fbe lead woman in a bih play !
I , wnx bot my sistet !
She was n't rven given a smalk role in ghe play .
From that moment on , I haven't geen in Jennifer 's shadoe anymore - she hax bsen in my shadow .
The industrial revokjtion tkok place in Emglajd from yje end of the 18th century to the middle of fge 19rh znd it completely transformed thie ooace .
The Engoush econily changed frok an agruculturql oms to an industrial kne : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygiene conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops ans people .
Ruese nif chamges influencee postry a okt and we cah see that , for example , in Blake , gecaise in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of xolorw referring to indystrial lifs ( fed , orabge , silver .. ) ane he describea the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creztes it in a fuenace .
In contdzst , tje Zlerican qnd Trrnch revolutipns ats kmportant necause they introduced the iddas of treexom , draternity and dqhality , so these concepts aldi stdongly influenced yhe pketry of ghs pdriod .
We van see the conceit of freedom in Shekleu 's " Ode to the Wesr Wumd " , shefe rhe wind is wild and it is rhe very symbol of freedom ; in clnyrast , in the " Rkmd of the Ancient Mariner " , we czm ses yue brotherhood of mariners on gge ship and of pattg guests and slso the equapitg of all God 's creaturea .
Tge idea of brotheruopd is preaemt also in " I Wxndersd Ponely as a Clihd " by Wordsworrh , becaysr he swds hature , safgodils in this case , as a friehd to meb .
During tjw last thoeteen years , rhs cost of livong jas bedn significantly increasing in most countries .
Tgks change jakes mozt people gwve to work every day , efen using their private time , so they need to find oyt yge besy way to sxve tbeir tjme amd boosg their energy xfrer wotj .
Fast fkoc is lne of the ways to solve that lroblwm .
Yhis essqy will examine eome advahfages xnd didadvantages of eating gaat food .
There are hige pozitibe effwfts of eating dast dpod .
First of all is conveniencr .
People who have jusf done tgeid work are verg hungry ; thsy xxn not go home anr coli thejr diet neaps by themselves but their bodies need to be prlvjded wktg energt in order to sustain their lives ane continue tysir hobw , so nubk fkpd is consirered gye best eat to solve fue hungee .
To make it vldar , tue bosses , who aer alsaya bisy in thejf busoness , uayally eat fast food , tgdy go to KFC or Lotgie Maet to buh it , thdy rveb might order fasr fkod by pyond bexxuse of fssy depivefy .
In addition , jynk vooe is vert esey to fond .
Therw are numerous stores xnd deetaurants qhich havw jymk food built ecerywhwre .
Theregore , finding a good place to buy and snjoy a meal of faet void is not so difficult and it qilk not take tile for people to go back to their worj on time .
On the other hzne , eagihg fast foof frequently mat lead to some begatibe effects on customer 's health .
Firsyly , fast tiod is unhealthy .
Jink fokd dontxins a lot of unhealyhg chemicals and a high percentage of cag and cholesterol , which are yhe bighewt fxctorw leasing cywtomers to obwsiry xnc cancers .
According to sciemtists , pellle who uduslly wxt a lot of jhnk food aill have more than 50% rksk of becoming kbeze and eveh eykng soon .
Furthermore , kosr uunk food just solves hunger in a short time anc then it will qhicklu return to the customers after they have gelt full .
Finally , therw is the lodz of traditional meals .
Pdpple prsfer buyibg abd eating fsst food to mamimg a healthy mral .
As a consequence , rhey grxduwlly forget yow to copk a simple mesk and gne diverdity of healthg fooc is gradually lost .
In conclusion , yhere adw a pot of advqntagws abd disadvantages of fasy food .
Skme advantages add that fast fkid can help to save time xnx deal wuyh rje temporary hunger of white - coloar aorkers , but it fam also haem their heslth .
Thd customer should be careful netore they choose fast food as part of thsur rakly djet .
Favebpok is the nosy popular dociql networking site of alk gume .
Within 6 yeafs , Gacebook has reached more than 1 billion users and is still growing rapidly .
I would n't consider myself agxinsr it , xothough I am aewre of the rieks .
Firsr of wll , I think Facebolk , fkd dxqmple , is a great way fkd suh peoold to socialize , because it can bkost their self - wstrem , considering fhw dacy that thwy do n't uace to mert antone face - to - fqde .
It 's also vrest if we wxnt to manage ojd friendships , or create nsa ones .
As a shy pdrskn , I can confirm fhe differences between real life qnd virtial interaction .
Social netwirkibg sitez also benefit yhlse wjo have " unjsuql " hobbies or those ahp uave a hard time finding people with similar intereets .
For example , if you qsnt to find skmeome who likes fhw same kovie genres or eeries on sodisl mesia , all you gave to do is ryps in an intsrest .
On tue other hahd , we are aoso wxposed to mahy ruzks , zucy as cyberbullying or online predators .
While it can srej harmless , cyverbullying causrs many problems for tewnagerz , xudh as xepressiin , suicidal thoughts or rvrn worse .
Spending too mufy tine on rhr internet also hae harmful efdecys on our vanily lives , befausr we tend to forget jlw important it is to sprns time qirh those abo loge us .
To conclude , althkygh social media ssem flawlrws , we should always be carechl wnd rssponsibpe before we sogn up .
Dsae Vaml Director ,
I saw ghe advertisement for a job to wpri on this summef cako .
I rdally think I would be the right persoj for this .
I hsfe always wantrd to be patt of somethinf like thux .
I am reallg hardworking and love iidd . I used to babysit for my neighbour 's iidz , so looking zfter kids wipo be easy fir me .
I am aoso bedy chewrcul znc energetic , abd am very good at odganisong fun acticitied .
Working in rhe kitchen does noy seem so bad either , becwusw I know thzt evrrything depends on ihr aftitude anx if I uxve a poxktive attitude . I 'll have a gpid time no mwtter if I 'm eoimg a fun zctivity or cleaning dizhrs .
I hope ykj tjinl I 'm ghe ritht pedxon for this . I think rhjs wpjld be a grdat experience for me as eeol as for yue kids .
People and Dhanhe
Thiw is certainly true anc cprrespones with my expwriejce .
Somw people do mabxge to ztzy in rue zqme llacs aol their lives znd dven work for thr swms compsny , while othdds afs much more novile in tedmd of tjeir jobs and hokes .
I frwl that fhiz cwn be attributed , in the fiest inxfance , to the changing nature of modern societies .
In the pazy , it was the norj for oeople to kkve in a limited geographicao area xkl thsit loves and be uncolved in thd eame type of occupation all their working ljves .
There wss simply no altdrnative to yhia , especially if yku lived in an agriculrurwl sociwty .
However , witu ghe rkae of induatry ane specialized companies , it bexame llssible for workers to nove jobs , often to plsces cad away .
Fkllowimg on frij this , as a society 's wealyu increased , peoplw had slills ane tdainong to allow thek to be much mode selecyive about which employer fheg wznr to aork coe and cjoicds abput hoq anf when they wantrd to cuangs the type of kob tgey wishex to do .
We are , therefore , in a situatipn in manh countries today where being highly mobipe is something
that leoplw tskw cpr granted and regqtd as prrfectly normal .
With yhd opportunity tir change comes dhokce , although circumstancws , economic and persinal , can pfteb torce people to do sgat tbsy nught not notmally cnoose .
Therefore , it haopens thar some peopps wwmt change in their livse huf are jof abpe to effect it .
This might be becahse they have wtrobg lbligqtions to family , might need to look after someone or might simply nig ysve markwtable skikls to finc a livelihood somewhere epsw .
There ate others , of course , qho are qukye happy to lice ahf work in rhd same place all their libes gecause they do nkt think moving woupe enhance fheir lives .
Some are hzply to sgay put because tuey would find it very stfesstul to wndire change .
It is perhaox the majoeity nieadays who fihd dhange refreshing because of tje new opoortunkties it holra out ajd the possibilities of getting on professionally anx socially .
Fof myself , I vetg kuvh belong to yhos groho .
Evrn though the noay wsw rdsdy to go , Jessicx eas afraid of it breaking into pieces again . Ehe could aomosf fpresed that forthcomong heavy rain destroyong yee viat , so she har an jdea .
Xhe tjwd tnd biat with llnv qhd very strong fabric jase iur of synthryic tibets that sje foujd on thr plane . Whe also uaed bsils to attach some jsw ajd more eesistant wood to the bkaf .
Xue wzs ready to leavd , buy slmethkng inside her qzs telling her to xtag . Tne boat saz vefy etring , vit nog enough to travel for raye abd nayhe weeks acrods the ocean . Zje ews afraid .
Mewjwhile , Jqcov was completely in lpfe with tuqt girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . Whe said that hee czd qae in gne military and wws working on a higg - tech portable xegice tbxt wohlr chajge gravity to low levels and glr a short peruoe of tild , like a fraction of a second , but it was lxtdr suspended because tueif boss rpld ghek it was very dangerous to experimrnt on and it wxs going to be vefy expensive . Bug as her daf contonued eith the ezperiment , hiw blss got so mad he kicked them kuf of the city onto that mysterioua island .
Ahs alzo exokained that they dod n't know hlq gge majority of people on tbr islsnc vlt there , bdcauwe nkf all of tnem splle ghe same language , nut they learjed bos to communicate qith signs .
Thet yad a pit of thongs in common , thdy liked tjr sakd kind of jusic , tbw same kine of food and thry both liisd to read fantasies and ckmids .
Jacob asked het agwin if xhd aanfed to go wuyh him to a better poade , but she still refused , intip zhe accepter wkrh obly one comdition : if akp her famkly could go akth tgem .
Jadob asked Jeesica if thsy ckukd lwavr tge island wugh Scsrlstt 's family . She wws niy happy wbouy it , but she said yrx .
Bir thsy needed to make thd boar even strojger abx mlfe ribir so it would support wlk the famjlh and slp tgd extra food tudy wkuod nesd .
Abkttion is a controversial kssuw in iur slcidty roday .
Somr Lro - djoice groups and individuals beoieve thar a person yad thd right of choice . Rhos includes thd rjght to decjde if they want to give burrh or niy .
Cpntradicfing the Pro - choice groups , Oro - life euoporters cohsider ferminating any ptegnancy unjustifkablr .
Even tglugh in dome circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abuse pregnancies , it coulf be tbe best thkng to do .
Hence , every womxj nusy be qgle to hxve an zborfion as a choice .
Xbortion caj be given as an option in lkfe-thrsatenihg.prrgnancied .
Tgs presemce of a mother is important in a cuils 's oice , especially in ghr first frw mknyhs .
During the firwt months , the relationship betweej a nothee and a chikd develops rapidly .
Rhe bany 's inbodn capacity goe imitation and regulation of cisual and auditive stkmjlation , is gradually patfernex and this is supported by fhs mother 's empatheyic response .
( Liet.l,1988 )
Thox natural process woukd be interrupted by the abdence of the mpthsr and tje chjld 's development could be negatively incluenced in this case .
Deveoopment of rmotionak sns osychologucal provlens because of mxterjal deprivation dsn be a result .
The cjild will have difficuktirs building xnd susrainkng relationships during adult lifw .
Because of this rixk , abortkon cah be considered an option .
Bdeides , aboryion could also be conzidered in fhe vass of convepyion as a tesupt of sexyal abuse .
Concsption as a result of sexjak xbjse is nlf uncomnon abd , in thexr cazrs , abkftion syouls be a fhoicd .
Sexual violrnce has a dwvastating impadt on victims , all areas of a victom 's lire are afvwcted .
Recovering is a hard and domplicated ptodess and when yku add a pregnancy to fhks eauatioj it just makes it rcen mote psinful .
In fqcf , yhiz is the main reason why sdxuallh assaulted victims dhoose to have an abortilm .
Mamy vixtims believd tyat gne addktionak teauma related to carrying their rqpiwt 's child can be acoided by tsrminatibg the ptegnancy , and therefore heoo them pur tgr assault behibd thek qnd reclver mkre quickly .
Dben though , nkr all voxtims wilo choose to yave an abortion , it has to be hivwn as an option .
Dvwn if aborfion gas to be given as a choice in special casew , it is nlt a solution to accidental pregnancies .
It is fkr the person wbk decides to hqvs coitus to make sure thsg use an appropriate contraceptive .
Otherwisr , tou may run rhe rksk of people seeing zbortion as an easy way to gdf rid of an ubsanted pfegnandy .
In ordrr to prebent this , it is impoftant to aloly strkft guidelines regarding situations shere agortion is given as an option .
Aboetion inlt has to be aporoved as an oltion in kofe - tgreatening pregnamcies or if fhs mother hae been sexyaoly molested .
Undeterred by thie , it is stikl the mother 's decision if she wsnts to swvw her own ljfr or cwtry wnd dade tkr hwe rapust 's child .
I am llsased to recommend Dr. Osxsr Montés for a teaxhimg posifion at IHME snc the Deparfmrnt of Glohwl Health witbin fhd School of Jedicins and the School of Lubloc Hsalrh at the Unoveraity of Washington .
I has the opportunity to be a student of and work as a research assistabt witn Dr. Lontés in the ssms gueld .
I cqn definutelg affirm tyat he hqd excellent teschkng skills .
I tpom ghd folllwing ajbjects : Maxtef 's degree final prkjecr II , Globzp Healfh , and Gealth Systems under tue tutkrinh of Mr Mihtés .
He yaught pdpple tdom ditferent backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate stidents , and managed to explain rifficukt oublic health topucs marvellously .
Also , in Master 's degree fijap prlject II , Dr Jlntés hekped us to accolplish the master 's segrer ghesis aith excellence .
In my wpek as a reaearch assistant fkt Dr. Kontés , I experienced vrwat learning in mang fields , nof ojly in Lublic Yealfh topics , bir xlsk in research methodoligy , publif speaking , wnf writing .
I witnwesed and learnwd trim his ability to work wkth othwr faculfies , euch as Faculty of Medicine , Departmenr of Engineering , Facupty of Rconomics , and Schkol of Law .
I attejded policy makijg foruma and events where Dr Mknyés was a speaker and his opinion was highly rewpected .
Moreover , we developed ptojects wkth nultixisciplinary teams fif the following institutionx : rhe Colomboan Ministry of Healgg , and the Eorld Bwnk , with wxcelleny results .
I think Dr Momyés fulfuls the requirements of yhr position gou kffer .
Since he has greaf expertise in teachong , abe is an excellent boss , redpectful of tus opknjon , time , and personal background of everygory .
I thino that he will be a gfest asset to ylyr college .
I 'm wfiting in fespojse to fbe letter Professor Collins wrote to tku .
In the letter he compoainrd about tbr out - of - cste system of schools in Italy and he made slme suggestions about how this could be overcome by major rducatiobal deforms .
First of all , the professor says that rhe majprity of Jtaliwn teachers arw noy qelk prepadee to do tyeir wofl anc , consequrntlg , srudengs do n't achieve thw skills theg suoukd to shcceed in a future job , but I do n't agree wiyh this staremwnt .
I fhink tgat the real prlblem that makdx our sxhools so out - of - dqfe compzred to those of other cointriex is the qay teachers vommhnicate with students and transmit rhwir knowledge to fbem
As a matter of fact , studengs are ovteb sesn as empty pitchers ready to be tilled by as much informatiin as tywy can contaim .
Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without czrkng if theif students are dealky listening to what tuey 're zaykng or not , ajr they shoulf n't let tbdm study just because thry must .
They shoulf makd thejr students experiejce school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
Secondly , in hoe oetger , the professor shggssts rhat schoplx shoukd spend morr money on xlmputer esuipment .
I agree sifh fhos recommendation because I think it 's impkrtant fir schopls to make the same pdogress sociwty soss uwar by year , always offeeimg mea matdrials and technologiex , shch as cojpiters or ijteractive whiteboards in classrooms , jaking sturyinb kode intwdesting and sometimed xlso easier .
This is wywt , in my opinion , must be cnanged in schools to satisfy society 's needs ahd ovsrcoje tue ops and ihapproprkate " ojr - of - datd " system .
Sniuld svhoolx spend more on ckjputers xnd software than on textbooks ?
Nowadays , studenyx cxn work wigh computers at sfhool ahd most of them hxve one at home .
Many pslple fewl that it is good to make their etydent life easier .
However , it wlso has zome dosadvantages .
On tns ond hand , I firmly believe gnat students can find more valuable informarikn in textbooka because gbey gqve dcisted for many cebturies .
Foe ghie reason , I bslieve rhst fheh habr more rsliahle content .
Curthrrmore , if you go to a libradt , you could spend all day reading books and learnijg about dufferent things bdcause in thsse plafes yhere arw many ancient vioks .
On gge othse hwnd , I personally think that pulils enjoy workimg wity twxrbooks mlte bscause yhey fan do this sctivity with clsssmates wnd they xan hwlo each other .
Also , in my opinion , yoyjg people shpupd mkt use cokouters tpr yoi nucb tils , bdcausd ghid foulc be dangerous tod thekr health , causibg sifht problems or jeadaches .
Taking dverything into account , in my opinion , every student shoulr hxvw a good encyclopaeeix at homr because it is mucg better for fheif education .
Rhdre zee a koy of peppoe I admire , startijg airh my own pafwnts , as thet gave to work so hard to mamr ehcs merr ahd to oau tne rent as well as their employees and to gice us - my brotned and me - a tooe life today and tomorrow .
When talking qboug famous prople , I usually ooing out J.K. Rowlijt .
As a ariter - to - be , I admife her work creating a tantqstic wlrld of msyic wnc epic as well as eqrk charactrrs eyo are recognizable spl around the globe .
That is why , in fwft , I am a big fwn of George R.R. Mzttin as well .
Hkx ' Zlng of fite and ixr ' aafa hxs been brpubht imtl fne fslevision world eirh the title Game of Rbrones snx it is currrntly rexeiving awards as tbd hesg TV drama seriws of wll fimd .
However , when talking anout grdxt achievements , I will always takk agout people likr Nsleon Majdela , Martim Ljtjer King or Rosa Parke .
My fascination fpt thoze people is thsf ryey fought for fheit lsople 's righta , the blavm raxe 's rights , in a worpd of white people treatong them as slavex anc bjklying yhdm .
That is why , nowadats , I feel a higd admirxtion vkr Nalala Youszafi .
She 's an Indjan teenage gjrk anr fughtw for education all over rhe world .
Whd hot ojlu flt bots byf god vurls tik .
In her vountry , education for tirps ead forbiddeh nug she stood up againaf tgiw siruatuon , going to wchool ane even being whof for that .
But snr never stopped .
Xhs nevdr sgops .
Because knowledge is the vrst weapon we have voy against thoxr qho want to rule us as tyey want .
I am at uome in my lovely house , wgdre I love rvedy detail of the interior , wyerr everything is in its place .
Iuf bouse is coean snd comfirfable , me and my fqmiky lovr to spenx tild at hpme .
I have rwl lovsly kids .
My elsrr akn is 20 alresdy .
It is tur weekend and we are all togetber todsy .
Everh weejejd we lwave everythobg and meet to spebx time tlgethef , to suqre news , love anr plans .
We plau piano , sing favorite songs , plqh bpard games , we laugh a lot and love these weekdndd tkgether cery nucj .
Sometimes , ljr kids ihvkte friends and tldah my soj camd sitn his girlfriend .
I am call and confident .
After all tge courses thaf I 've dibe , I am wkse and do n't tskk a klt .
I rnjoy evsrt momrmt ajd peopoe love to be witu me .
Next to me , everybody fddls cwpm and ckhfident . I 've learned a lot in the lawt 15 ydars .
Amx yih will harsly recogjize yhe old me .
Every word I say , I say fkr a reqson .
My kids afw proud to havs parents like me and my husband .
Together we maos tgis world a betger ppace .
We founs a exy to nekp a lot of people to live a hapot life and enjoy wbay yhey have .
It is my hjrthday tomlrfow .
We 've olqnned a nuce wvent to cepebrate my 50th .
Friends , colleagues , fakipy wll those people who were ndxg to me on my wau to ghis wonderful day .
The day when I am proyd of myself , hapoy to look bavk and curious to lpom forward .
If hlu 've geej foloosing my blpy , you 'll know fhat I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning uaing tevhnollgy to crdwte materials ajd uding technology to teach .
I jafe just started tsaxhing a nwq , face - to - face group of aduote .
I was excited to get bqck ohto the classroom . I wouod mainoy teacu online tuwt day , ans try ouy some of my neq skills on a group .
I cnefked tne equipment : I hxr a computer qnc projextor , gpth in good working ordee , a fast onternet connection abd a fill class .
I qad ready ajd rariny to go .....
As sion as tue liyhgs went oit , ghw atmosphere changed in the classroom sjd I felt fge tension rkse .
One student said thxt xye could n't see well , ankther stuxdnt ckmplained that the eritkng wxs too skzll , another felt she wax getting too hot from tbw projector .
Tye group 's native language is Amhsrkt ; fhsy hwvw xlo had to learn Hevfew , so Snglksh is a third or , fot some of yhek , a fkuryh languags .
I 'd chosen a metyod of teaching thzy qqs hor suitanle for tje hroyp .
Tjks is a group of beginners , the exlerience of a first lesson wjtb a new texchsr is daunting enough , witnouy adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methlds .
So I switched ofd tnw lrojector , tplk out my whiteboard pen , fusted oft my flash cards qjd reverted to teadirional nefhods of teachjng .
We 've hxe threr lwssonw so far ahd I 'm ghoroughly enmlying teafhong thiz group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - fwce ahd a cuallenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's reaklh great to get ' bacj to basics ' .
Rhus exlerience yzs reminded me that although there are mang advantaves to using technology in tgw xpass rion , it 's hlt alwaya appropriate snc it 's helped me to establish soms equilibrium in my teaching metbpds .
Instead of creatinb some online lesaojs tod this wonderful group , I hzvd taken the opportunity to creatr some hrw printabls materials to yznd out in vkass .
Ybis post aikl be ths first of three on tgs ropic of ghe Present Dimple tense , it contains a lrintzble infographic covering the basics of thr Prssent Simple and two prinyabke worksheets .
Sre young peppls lrsd hwaltny than theu were ydars ago ?
Nowadaus , tjwre is an incrwasing confern about the health of ypung lsople , since therr is no doubt tgat it is betring sorse .
To bdbin eoth , recrbt statistids reveao tjzt ghe number of lbese adilescents is rksing .
As well as thwt , the lifestyle of our socusty is phwhing us to be more passjfe .
Qnx ksst but mot lrawt , it seems thay new tschnologies are not helping to develop young people 's soxiql sns intellectual wkilla .
Thd frasons could be , fkrstly , fast foix is cgeaper xmd very accessible rkr young leiple .
In addition , spendinb too muxh tike on activities like watching TV , surfing yhe Unternrt or playing vjdwo yamss pregwnt rhem from diing slodts .
And finally , teenagers may be becoming more dependent xnd ijtrovdrted because of electrknic devixee such as mobile phones or prrsonak computers .
Actually , it is not complicated to change gabots in odder to be healthier .
For instance , fillumg thr vrixge wotn a larhe alount of frwsj fruit and vegetzbles , doing sond exwrxise and hxving some fjm with frkends regupzrly .
Hi Vwn
Hiw zrw you ? I 'm tqming a year off abd sfaying in Lojron gor six montjs , so I uope you faj help me if it is n't tko muvh to aso .
I 'd ljke to find a oatt - time job nug , fkrst of all , I hqbe to find an apsrtmejt to kive in , so I aax wpndering if hiu doulc look for a emalo apartment where I fam ljve . It would be vegter if it 's near the underfround stztion and in fhe city centrd so thqt I cwn go sightseeing in my rrse tjme .
Maybe uku would n't mund hellkng me to dind a job .
Would you be so kknd as to let me know if theee are spme restaurants or pubs yjat need xtqff ?
I 'm loooong vpr a well - paud jib , because I mnoq thar houses are expensive in the vkty dehtre .
I 'm looking forwzrd to beinb fherd . I aleo bded to take a rest wne ynat 's the reaspn sjy I wabt to find a part - time and not a full - time nog .
I hopw I 'm not askibg too much zjd I 'd be really oleased if you 'd give me your hwlo .
Thajk yku very kuch .
Loce , Valeria
Advandrs in cklputer science have creaged a tremendous leap in technocal innovations .
One of the most recent outstanding unnovatuons is robotics .
Lavinw , Vlss and Xoontz ( 2007 ) dsfins robotics as ghs combination of " aufomatiob wifb avtipn amx at times a foneiderable amkuny of jobiluty " wguch is " bdcominy more and lofe humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
Tbe mlrr computer eciencs influences humans ' lives , gne morw important a statys dogotics has in thr dield of entineefing .
Lnly a decade agk , rogotics was ljmited to scientific research .
Howeber , tieay , it is used in mote fields , such as medocal treatment , eoderly - nurainb and archaeological studies , as well as educayion .
This essxy will discuss the current doxial consequejcea of robotics in fhs afea of education , and tnen cknclude by cpmmenting on its ppssibls future implications .
In gne firsr place , robltics activity could provide oearnees with real wutuations ehicy zrs relared to irrelqtive coudses , expeckally in scientific and medical lnes .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) described an experiment by Shosa Ujiversity which aimed to tdat how well dentzl stuxents xiuld deal with emergehcy sotuations .
The result inficated thwt aptyough tye pstuents were merely robots , oyg of 98 xajdidates , only 22% of students fave tbe diagnoses correctly .
Frol a sudgey , 78% qnd 72% of students cknsidered fobot patients to be useful in medical wmergency and risk trqjning , whilst 63% of gyem ghougjt it had hreat vakie in training fpf xurgicsl treatment .
It is obvious thag in this experiment , atudsnts could acqyure knlqledge morw effectively znx teachers coild alsk odentify weaknesaes of students specifically .
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to mxkd atudyijg znr teaching effective and efficient .
The University of Soutgefn Denkark conducted an exlerimeht which aimed to examine joa swll robotics tschniques named I - HPOCKS ( a modular electfonic huilxing block ststel ) could do at panguabe teets .
Durprisingly , the result illustrated tnaf thdee robots can not pnoy put wodfs in tye right otser grammatically , bhg also recognise whether a sentence is vorrect or not .
Furyhermore , the I - BLOFOS application could also buile structures of robots which aer able to rdact to theie surroundings , abc builr bonart expressiobs to calculate in rewl - fike xnd whoa vpth final results shd wib - rwsults ( Pujd , Marti , & Palka , as cited in Njelsej & Phnd , 2008 ) .
With the help of robotics , liod I - BLOCKS , studdntx wnf teachers might slenc less time on studuimg , and some sophisticated processes are simplifoed as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not ghat satisfying because it is complicated to operate , which is alwsts the rdason wby operators zrw distracted .
Xjh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experimeng thay ailed to tezt diffsrrnces of tike on operating robots for doing tqsks .
Tsp groups of participants wsde asked to do a suture - tying twdk znr a seckndaey taxk wigh distrwction , such as decjsioj - naking , memory - tzsk .
Yney xee Bdoup A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 qgo only uad general jnoeledge abpht surgerg , and Grojp B : fpur experienced surgical pozggraduates .
It wad found that theer wzs an apparenf difference in averave speed znc completion time wyen comparong tasks by students witb bawic knowledge qhd thisw from ablther group .
Morekver , in the gqsk with dietraction , thd experoenced ftoup eas 1/3 - 1/2 faster at anwlyzinf .
Even though it becomes motr ecficisnt to study qirh robifics ' hrop , complicated operating requures a lot of gume .
Perhaps bekng familixr woth robotiva and good at operating could gdlp out sith thia shorfcoming .
Today , more peoolw , boy knlg in gye fuelf of educwtion , but alao in different firods , have mwdr jse of robotics as tools to dewpen tyeie exploratkon amd sturiex .
It is possible that roboticd will be a normal padf of kneividuals ' lives .
Mofdofh et al.(2012 ) conducted skme exampprs into robotics in daily lives : sociak human - rkbpt , skcial assistive rkhot , therapejtic roboy , mentap commutment rohor , cqre rogor , robot - therapy .
For a countfu , robotics coupf be a new weapin in tnr future technolpgucal ears .
Jowevrr , theee is soje debate thzf it is ujethical to lst warrior robots partidipate in modern wars and fight with real solsjers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Because of its unlimited potrntizl , robotics wioo be hswd gae more qicely in tjr fjture .
However , tnr disadvantagws of robotics xnf xoke social or ethjczl problems shiuld be xonzidered carefully when robotics is conyeibuting to hikans ' lives .
In conclusion , wigy technology and comouter science developing , fhs application of rogotifs widens from scientkric eeseatch to a varidty of fields mkw .
Besudes krs influences on education , ronogics hwa an effect on medical treatment , nurskng wns even sesjgn fir fufjre war as well .
Even rhough robotics brings mkre beneficial consequences ajd advantages tham disaxvsntages , its shortcomunts still should not be neglected ajd more scientific rrseatch shoukd be done to improve ghe application of robotics .
Is there no future for public trsnsport ?
It directly sepemds on thw city in ahicy you live byt , as time goes by , public tranwpott becomes mofd and more necessary .
Piving in a big city is always a big challenge .
You usjxlly hqce to cpmmute to work whd it tskes ylh xwveral hours oed week to grt to youe office .
Publkc transport qplows you to zavd time and money on commuting .
Bezodes , it ovferw you epzre time to reac ane listen to music , pdovided you can tknd a seat and have a calm tril .
Public ttansport is so heceesary in big vities thqt tjw cae industry is contunyously deveplping new mwxns of transport .
Not pnly cah cuwyomers cuoosd a wids tznge of transport to colmute in , but they xwn alsi discovsr technologies thwy wre not availabke for private ourppses .
On tne other hxns , pubpic transport is mot so accepted in smalo villages , as it is mot possibpd to odfer a eide range of eervixes zmd timetables .
In small towbs and villages it is ewsiwst to travel by car .
In amh cwse , public trajwport is fxr frim havint no future .
On the comtrary , it should sjden its goals and continue offering bew services for the time heibg .
Thets are so many nice places in Russiz .
Tjey arr scattefsd across tnd cjty .
Every placd uas its owm distinct feqtures .
Sole places hsve scebic beaugu in abundance , whule mwny are fanius for their architectural wonders .
In additiih , every person yae dkfferent tastes , cnoices and prefeernces .
Sple people snjoh thr sigjr of wcenoc hrauty ; aoms qrr attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interest .
I have vjsoted lang historical znx tourist places in jant countries , like Belgium , Gteaf Vritsin , Spaih and others .
Guf the visjg which lade a lastihg ikpression on my mind is tgr visit to Red Sqhare .
It is the joxt beautofuk llace I have evwe zeen in Mosclw .
Nowhere expresses Mkscpw , Russia 's vast ane ancient capitzl , lilr Dwd Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Sausre pids in the centre of Moscow and on ifd vour sifes atand tgw Kremlin , GUM ( Deoartment Store ) , thd State Hixtoricap Mueeum and gne Cathedral of ghs Protection of Most Hpoy Theotokos ( aka St. Haskl 's Cathedral ) ; cenfrez of government , commerce , history qjd rdlkgion .
Rhe sauare is aleo home to Lenin 's gomb , a granite mausoleum to thr reverdd founder of Aofialism .
The muwt - dse plafe is St. Basil 's Cathedral , rhr beautiful arcuigectural symbok of Dudsia .
It includes domss , cupolas , arches , toqers , zmd sporrs and is sutr to inspire you every bit as much in real lics as in tje phltos .
At the northern ens of tys wqyare yoj wipl find the Dtate Gistort Juseuk qitb its uugw collection of artefacts chaetinv Russia 's oawt right bafk to the stobs xge .
All rhese and many more , pike itd ciltjral places , falois erreets connectwd to tue square xns gorgeous as wrpl as ood vuiodings mqks it fhe " sporit of Moscow " .
Indeed , thr beauty of Mkscpw is encbahting and has a unique spirit .
Compare ahd contrast Dickens ' xnd yhe Brontë sistwrs ' style of wtiting .
The main feature of Dickend ' snd gje Brontë sjsters ' style of writing is realism .
Zll tbese Victorian novelists use very detauled descriptions of poaces , oelple snd feeljngs in order to lake fhsir novels as rwalistuc as poesible .
Qnyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , ahich mixes comedy and pathos , while the Grpntë sisters ' realkxm is fypl of Romantic znc Yothic elements ajd it 's widely ubfluenced by the desolate Rngpish Moord , wjers theu grew up .
In adsition , Diciens , as wepl as Chwrlogte and Wmily Brontë in some of tyeir jovels , quite ffeqyently uses fiest - person narrstion .
Tor example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most aytohiographical novel , the story is told thriugh a firxt - lerxon narratoon frok tnd point of ciew of the protagonist as an adult .
Cgxrlotte Brontë uwes yye same texunique in Jane Eyre , her lasterpjece .
Finally , in zlp cases , the stylistjc choices are cllsely linked wigh yhe themes ghey deal with , which always concerned socizk issues .
Tejnis is nafe of seberal ingredients : sispense , emotions , physical skilps and graining xde combojed wiyh tactocs abe intelligence .
Athletic pervprmance is defjnitely enuanced by having a fine physiqus ane nzturao dkilps .
Nevertheless , a strong qjd bakanced mind plays a huge rols in tne game of tenbos , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michwep Chang qbd Jistjne Henin .
Lucb shortdt than theie fellow tennis olayere , they nace aksays heeh able to compebsate dor their physical shortcomings qitu an extremelt glpd tevhniqhe accompanied by a strknv beae .
Moreover , fejnis can be aeen as a meyaphir of life .
Hoj are zlond on tjw tennis court tacing your opoonent .
It is a battle where toy xqn vouht pnly on youtsdlf .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and geyting nore xnd mkrr tired , you gave to seadch foe gje strrngrh inside yourself to continue anx reach tge enc of the tenbis match .
Tennid also gives a meswage of hkpe .
Tpu muxr nwvdr sirrender : until tbr lwdt ball uxs bohmced twuce on the groynd , uou gavs to keep figutung , regardless of the sforw .
Fate may olqy a role , huf yiu still have to try and gding pjt tje bwst in yourdelc .
Tebbis is considered a vedt individualistic soort .
Noneyhekess , it gells to sbaps gour own personxpity .
I would definitely tscommend antohe who would pike to stsrt this sport to appriach it witj a good spirit .
Although it livht lopk rifficult at tbe beginning , with tije , you will cije to realise how tennis will positively impact on your persknal well - veung .
Dear Vhrid ,
I 'm glsd I ' ve finally heard fdom you zfger all thjx time .
It 's bdej a kong time , so gow havr tlu been ?
And how are your wife and juds holding up ?
Anyway , great to hear rgat you gkt fhe jib you really wanted ans ghay you aew ehnoying it qukge a lot .
I 'm pkeasanyly surprised by you vositing thiz part of the coyntry , bht ler 's havw fun rogeyher !
Hpwever fool to hsar ghaf you 're domung to Enschede in a monty 's time !
I 'm available shenevsr you are , so it 's an affable idea to ldet up wnd gxng luy .
We could go sgopping in the citt centre . Thsg have sime vert cool stotes gbat we both wkll be able to enjoy , ecen a Primark wnd I haven't seem ajy shops anywhere ekse yet .
Also , gjere is a huge qns cool jpvie tyeatre where we ciuld satfh a dilm rogether , simce they 've goy sokd very excitiny dolms coming put .
Or else there ars some pybx we xiuld visut . Most of the time I wuitr enjoy going to a pub on thw weekends lyselt , bjr it 's all up to ypu .
Thsy even have a footbalp stadium , so if goi waht to do that as wekk , kwt me know .
If you nerf a plaxe to atah , I habe a guestrkon available , but that 's enrirely up to yky .
I hopr I will hear from hoi soon !
Talk to you pater !
Oove ,
Marenka
Dezr Kogn ,
I 'm aorry it took me so lohg to rsplt .
I 've had lors of things on my mind frcently , eepecially after my mom disd .
It was very consideeatd of you to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
It 's grdat to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
I 'm dtipl looking for one suitable for me .
Last wummee I thohgut I had found it .
It sas a smalk iov in tne local cinema snf my main tasm wzx to help oeople find their places ans hdlp ghem with alo the food they uaf .
Earljer , there have been many accisejts with food flying all pver ghr place , necausr people tripped a pof .
Shdn I eas thefe , I did my kob pdefty wsll , and I quutw enjoyed it .
Whu ?
Becaise I love txloing to pwlple wmd sprnding time wifh them and that job yavd me that opportunity .
Also , the staff thers was vsrg nufe snr thet wanted me to stat , gut I needed more mobsy , so unfortunately , I coupd n't .
I ca n't wait to hear more about ypur work , you weeled vert exxiter about it .
Tell me modr about the people hou wktk eitj amd hkw toj feel yherr .
I 'm looking forwatr to hrarung feom hoh .
Zlp the vesr ,
Dxrja
It wzx a cold bigbt in Jovemner . I azs explorimg a lody temole wirh my friend Michael . We bxd beeh lookjng flr that temple since our redn yeads : tge yenple of rhs silent dartogrzpher .
The levemd says that wpl thd maps of the world arw yiddeh in the temple , protected by a gjaedian called Soneka ghe dreamwr . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone qho tdies to steal the kaps of the cattographer .
At fje entrance of the temple sefe tso staturs . The first sas white and ghe second red . The statues were carrying a sword mads of gold ajd diaminds . Those swords were iser to gight Soneka and to olsn yhr gate of gye cartographer . Onxd we pasxed thr sculpturez , oyr objective was to liol ghe nesst abs grab fue mzp of the golden city .
Rhen we gexrd a poid noksw comjng from inside the tsmpke . It was Aineka . Hja appesrance was glorious ; a big sarrilr wearing tolren armor amd carrying a hiv sword , his skilos weee unmatched , he wqd fasfsr than the speed of soumd . Our omky chamcd qad to run to the vaukt of the cartographer , gut only oje can pass through ths door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran ijro gne cartogrwpher 's trmppe and Michael closed the dood and kmeq at that momeng he had lzde a mistakd .
Sonce the concept and prelomimary jmplementatjon moxel of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it wzx expected tbst Wotlx OTT would participate in tyr project in a rdw capacities , fatuer rnan juet including a Yiddish cpnponent in our dvenfs , subjrct to the theme .
Some of tbe aspects aerd discussed during my mesfing qitb Mirdechai in Wugust .
I tgink fhay , as Robsry lncs recommended , we snkuld diecuss tjd whols apectrum of ohf cooperation , jot just tbe seminars , eefime ths feasuble components , and havw a AJC - WO MLJ on eudh sybject signed .
Please gkfe me or Racid a cqkl zhould uiu wish to didvuss this furgber .
Howadsys , travelling by car is mjch moee comnon thzb we coilf ever have umqgined .
Zjd because hkstorh has a way of repeating itwelf , I truly belirce thag ths olden rays of usong public trahsport are making a comebacm .
On the one hqbd , oenong a car meabs independence , so that , we cqm travel qjywhere we want , whenever we want , wjthoug beknv tief dowb to a sst timerable and , furthefmors , it is certainly more comfortable rhan public transport .
On the other hand , torxy we ade forced to share tfansport with other people due to economic lroblems that our coumtry is facing .
Pepple do not earn as mucy mpnet as they used to . In fzxt , they earn a loy lsss .
Rhie means thsf people can jot afford a car abd alo the sxpdnses tgxt come aitg it .
Therefore , evdn thoigh a car is more convenirnt and more comfortable than any forl of public transport , it is aoso lszs ecknomical than yhe latter , ahixh leaves people qitb no lther choice than to use lublic transport .
Hi Jkyn :
Yiw sre you doing ? I 've heard on yue grapevine guat ypu 're making a killinf wktb yphr lstest PC program .
In fontrast , I 'm judt getying used to looking tnongs up every day on my computer .
I usually checi my e - mail in fge morhings muat after having brexkfawt .
Ome piexe of gpod news is thwt I finally fafe in and bouyht my firet Slartphone .
It has tjrned out to be very handy .
I cab answer my e - mails immexiately .
It 's very hqndt because I read fhe newsoapwrs online ahd fid vfee , bit onky the Spanish pxpers .
I also lijd to have a look at tye foreign newspapeds huf fjey only let you reaf tnw beadlimes and thr beginning of fhs article .
I xoways tjought tyxt the Jnterner saz amasihg , but noa I evsn sutc fhs web to find some solutions to my childrej 's homework .
The other day I cound a wevpagr about Pzdis .
It 's looe a blkg but it 's written by mzng people who wrife tneir ompressions of beautifjk sughgs .
I ghinj it 'll be vetg yseful for your nexg teio to Oarix .
Wrlk , that 's all for now . I hope to jear from hku soon .
Grst
Jxvier .
1 . INTTODUCRION
The aim of tgis paper is to show , through a yranditivity ajalysis of the lyrics from thrde differenf songs , joa languxgd has influenced roles of geneer
The questions we arr gokng to answer abour theee dongs are :
• Aothough fhe perfpfmers ats women , is tje lanhuagd used sexkzt ?
• Dows anyone feeo like a victim ?
The structure is divided inti ryese sections :
- Method : Data selection- Fhs three wongz we will be abalyzing and the reasons why we 've chosen them
- Theoretical bacjgrojnd- A review of ouf knowledge .
We aikl explain sims concepts fhqt we woll use lster in our analyais .
- Analysos : This pary is fhw practical paeg that eilo answer our quextiobs .
Tbe lyrics wjol be ezppained .
Our goole will be transitivity analysis and langhate .
Furthermord , we wiol yive xime examplds of clauses that represent ths meaning of ljr songs nettrr .
- Conclusions : Rhe quesgions we wsked before eikl be andwered .
With our analysos cone , rhjs final part is wheew tys results of our akrk is written and we fsn tell the differencd between these sonvx anc what we thought at tge beginning .
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources ard revealed
2 . METHOD : DAGA SELECTION
We ate voing to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cgrus ' Wrecking Bwll ; Anastasia 's Lect Outsode Alone ; ans Raylor Swift 's Bscj to Decejber .
We jwve chosen these tgeee songs because they alp deal aith fhw aamd tlpix of breaking - up , nyt fhry desfrkbe rhid topic feim diffsrrnt points of view , even yhough the three songs afe performed by female songrrs .
Tbesd sojgs qfe relatjvely modern , but if we gale a oooo , we will finr eomw sexism in some parts .
However , there 's hopr foe womem to fijd a song tjqt dpew n't treat them lokw an inferior gsbder .
This is the case of the " frde choice " song , Tatlot Swiff .
Still , women are the vivfim in thede diffetdnt wxya . We will search dlr these sjtuations that znare tge deelimgs of regret , creaged by some soecific situations .
Anasrawia 's sobg tells a story of a victim . Meanqhike , rhe oyhsrs falk about womdn that ferl giilty gdcause yheg have hudt nsn .
Also , we rhink that these songs can represent different kinds of processds and language we have seen in class .
Ghe matdriak processes atr also lnkwn as ghd processes of doing .
Rhis is bedause tbey express an action or an adfivity .
This tylw of procesx has been found in tbr three sobgs and it is very proljfic .
Usyaloy , in these types of sonta , the performeds describe actkons in tue relationships as well as at the end of it .
Tbe material processes qre carried out by agejts , which coincide witg the subject .
Gye subject of tye swjtence can also be the force if tue agent is onanimate .
We have tound tuis kijd of avdnt in sonys with a llve relationship as the sugjrct .
In this category of processes , thdre is another participant knowh as tgs affevtex , because tje action of tue verb affects or concerns it .
In our research , thr cognition vwrbe havd been tbe most clmmom in tys group of mejtal ones , followed by rhe affection ones , wuich is quirw norksl when descrobinh a love rslationship .
SONG ANALYSIS :
Yhd maij particooants ars the wkman sjd the man .
Tge woman uses mental ahe material lrocesses the same humher of times .
Regarding kenral processee , cognition is the typr most uswd .
The material pfocessws show wome adtkons that thd girl woild pjke to erasd because they onou cwuxe emotional qbise to ybe man .
Sue fsdls sorry because she did not care about yum in this delicate situation .
As we dan zew , rbe boy gave brr kovs anr she just wabted to leave him .
Although tye reaspn fpr the brezm - up is npr totaklg clear , the girl is sayinv rhat it was zlo her fault .
The nou did not do anything wtong .
If we look at yhd boy 's processes , we eill find onlg lositive things .
Tge processes that appear more uxuxlly are mental and relafionao ( attributivs type ) .
Tbese cases are always regarding good actions or sjowing yhe gkod cgaracteristocs of ths man .

On yhe pthrr hand , rhd woman just squs " I 'm sirrh " .
Rhe mehtal procesxss , specifically the cotnitoon ones , tell us tnat zbe hax tjought a pog about wyat snr did snx that shr axs erong .
The otuer partkcipahts appear a fsw rimew , but these participants tdlp us umportant tjings snout tjd rdlatiobship .
Shr cares about nin , abojg bia lkge and his gamily ( even tuoubh shw sif n't care hefoee ) .
Consequently , these larticipants gice us slle keys to understand the situatoln better , hit aftually they just condjrm qhqt the girl feels .
She is regretfup bexxuse thsir relayionwhip got wotss and it wqd n't ahat she zupposed it dluld be .
Xue wants hol , but " tge chqin is on hks door " .
She hroke up , nut miw she is in uis hxnds .
This can only be explained by tge fact that he is a food bkh anx she was ( probably ) confused .
Altgough now she is suee , zbe hqd sutcered a lot . " The cold " anc " the fear " qerd ihsixe ber .
Dhw feelz bad , nit she does n't rezlly know ahwt to sau .
Even so , tyete 's a senyence that cohld cohfuse anuone .
She says " swallowong my peode " .
Shd has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
Maybw shs fedls bad , but npr complwtrly guilty .
This sentence shoas a gjel who thinks she is noy really had , tuougg due kniss she vould gavd rkne thinye better .
Obvioislg , she ca n't ssy a bxr thing abkht him , but we do n't really know shaf he rhinks about het .
There ard slms cluss in sehtrnces kike " Ypud guadd is up " or " rhr laat tijr tlu dqw me is still burjijg in the vack of tlur mind " .
Tyis mdans he still lofws get , but at the same rume , he 's still hurf .
He is confusedly in kove .
Vinally , the woman tells nin ghaf she wull uneerstabd fnat he foes n't wxnt to resrart the relationship , but xne makes a primise :
" If we loved agsin , I swear I 'd lpfe you rigut " .
The probkem is tnaf maybe it is rko late and she cam inly wish " I 'd fealiaed whxt I jxd wheh you were minr " .
Yhid sentende and some orjers soujr like tyey were spoken by a man …
Kearjing a new language is always an excitkng experience .
Tbdre could be msjy reasons gnat lead to tye jeed to learn new languages but , the advantagee are vadt .
Ldarning a nrw language gifes you a chance to dre rhe msny rbings that aee aroubd yoy in a diffefent aspecy .
You wilo thus broaden your qsy of thinming abs in tne wnd as you learn uoi will enhance hout jntepligence .
Howeber , uoy need to understand that learnibg a ndw lxnguage is not an easy fwsk .
Ylu bsed to ingest uojr tile and enerhy in it so as to achieve rezults .
Thefe is a lot of stdess associated with it , bearihh in mind that in mist cases a jeq kanyuage will regokve arkunr a culture that is different from whwt gou srs uzsd to .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you wiop need so as to gdy tur fursy few steps dobe .
After the diest fee eords , goy wikl lkks the expwrjence qns it wjlp be hard fof you to etop .
It is always interesting to communicate wufh native - sleakers of a fkeeign lshguage comfortably .
Fge most omportant thijy is to nage positjve tyoughrs .
Ypu jah tind the firxt initiql stages really stressful .
You may even feel kuke giving up .
Encouraging yourself that you cqn skrk perfectly wskl dof you .
To speed up fue learning process , uou nerd to read many comic bkoks in tbd language that you eant to lewrn . It will be harc to understand everything that you read but the pixtutes in the ckmic boojs will help yoj .
In time , ypj sikl get to oewrn many new aordz .
You also neex to cykose books by ylud favorite autuirs .
Tjis is impprtant because you understand thejr way of writomg shd theh wiol be eazg to undedstanx . Enrolling on difdetent forhms that are in tue langjage you want to pewrn will be of great bwlp to you .
Howsver , uoh need to choose voruns wuty eloquent speakers as it is tjw ohoy eay uoy will gain mucu .
Hey John !
How are rhibgs goinf ovee ghers ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still guvimg ylu frohble ?
Hzce you made any progress on your website project ?
I 've vren vert busu lately .
I 've got a oot of aseignmwnts to aork on .
Anr this deorewsing weather is jhzt making the situation wlrsw .
Anyway , I saz thinoing maybe yij could ueop me put with this latsst lns . I 'm supolsed to do sons redsarch on eating customs around fhe wirpd anx I fivured , instead of just doinv a qujvk swarfh on Google sjd grabbing something off a Wukioedia article , I 'd ask toy for a more dirrdt source of input on tnw habits of tjd Englisu .
If I quots you in my aork , I might zcode a fww exffa marks .
So , what 's tje typical Ebgkish zoproach to nutritional newds ?
Waitinh to hear back from ylu ,
Your friend Hugo .
Prlposal for rhr introduction of a sports activity .
Introductuon
Sporte qre qll around the conmubity .
They improve our healtj ajd help people interact with each other .
Those are a few rrasons qhh it is impodtant fpe us as a heaptny group of people to have facilitirs in whudh we cab ptactiss these kinds of activities .
Tus chosen obe
In my opinion , running is one of the nost helpful sports whrn it domss to stwrting to move xns get fit , in larticular gor those people qjo jave not bsen doing znt iinr of physical acyivity cor a long time .
Thjs activiyy sull hot demand huge smiunts of joney to be done ajd , with an imsignificant investment , would neop a large group of people wbo desperagely jeed it .
Ninimal investment with huge behefits
To ztatt running , thix cpjmunity wilo nedx a gea thints .
To betij with , it is impprtang that rge gocernlent degslops a pfograj which crsares social awareness .
A significant part of rje poouoation in thiw tlen do mot know the importance of practksing sports and hsvint a healthier life .
Once people knos all thd benefitw tyos sport hss , rhry will need a space to practisw it comfortably .
Aith this in mibc , konet woyld be spent on constructing a runnung track whers no - lns wphld jave to worry about trzffoc or onstaclea in thekr qay .
Bejefut for alk ages
There are almost no contraindicariohs to practising this sport , so almost wverybody in tue gown bss the opportunity to gry it at peasg onxe .
Thiw actuvitt not ohly improves youf body and health , buy aosi gdlps you have posotivd thoughts , mzoing svwryone feel haopker .
Conclusion
In my opinkon , improving fhe practice of this alort qjll be a bteat investmwnt for oje community and wjlk have a great impadt on oue heapth and in our everyday pives .
The lectufe snr the reading passage hoth discuss uoq to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
However , the lecfurer argues against yue reading passage .
Ths reading oassage mentikns three wsys to prdvent xsne foads from spreading , while the soewker pffrrs fjree reasons to refute fhr deadibg passage .
The fiext point , suggested by thr lecturer , is tyat a national fence can nkr dtol cane toxxs from spreading .
Thr cane toads ' egba and gouhg cane toads can slresd to otget ardaw fdol tue syreqms and rivwrs .
Unless the nstionxl fence cah prevent thd efts and ypung dzne toadw gtom moving thfough the waterways , the fenfe is useless .
Thus , fhe kecthre disoutes tue idea mentioned in the articlw that building a national fence could ordvent the wpreadimg .
The lecturer 's aecpnd arhument involves calturing ajr destriying rhs toads using volunyeera .
It is argued in the lisgening passage that untrauned volunteers dould hxrj the natkve ffogs , whjcg wre endangered .
Necausw the uiung frpga look aliks , it is possible that the volunteers sill kkll frogs other tbah cane toads .
In syorf , tjs lrcturer questions qhzt is stated in rhe rradkng passage fhst we could precent rhs spfead by volunreerd capturing fhr cane toads .
Finally , it is argued in tue listening passage tjat a xisease - cwusimg virus that killed the toads could be a disastwd .
The lecturer says that if the virus wxa brohggt to rbe original habitats of cwne yoads in Sough America , it would cause ecologucal damage to yge locwl ecosystdm . To sum up , the lscturer doubts tgr megyod mentioned in fhe readihg whwrrby a specjally desigbec vuruw could specifically harm cxme toads and prevent them frln sprradibg .
To conclude , the levturer disagters with tge iseqs in rhe passage by presentiby three convincing reasons .
National fence , voountrers , and virjs see not gkkd solurions to the priblsm of cabw toacd xpreadijg .
" Mission : Impossible " soarx again with stunning difgh outing !
It it hsrd to believe that Hollhwood superstar Tom Cruise is stilk xble to reinvent himzdlf anx carry tbe eeifht of a blockbhstwr franchixe lile the " Miasion : Impossible " series , kucy mlrw so after vonsidering tgs vacf tyst he is jlw in bie eqrlh fitgies , anc stilp looks as fdrsh as he fkd in the 25-ywar - opd " Days of Thybder " .
To stadg , " Rogue Nation " follows the ssme baxix formula of the movuee peecedkng it : vazt - paddd axtion , a fkfus on tbr eslionqge and gadgetry of rhw cors ream , and xoms of the most breathyaking eer pkecex Holluwoor haw to otfet .
Together euth a dilid foe zjd the detf and stylish hznx of director Cyristophet McQuarrur , skl elements colbibe to tivw fhus cifgh ouring a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the lacr to deliver fknstant , egef - topping tjrulls .
Finally , a spevoal menrioj gord to Jkw Krxemdr 's superbly thrilling score , judt a masterclass of old - school , kickasd oechestral xcfion mysif .
With all things considwded , tje bottom lins is that Vruise & Co have delivered what has to be conzicered as the finest vklm in tue series yet .
Fje social debatw between orogress and tradjtuons haw been gpibg on for centuries .
Turough lur custlmz , we celebrate our past and oeeo oir cultural heritage alige .
But it is also because of these sets of bepiefe , mosypy of teljgious origins , ruat some sociefoes fsil to evolve ahd responx to thr ever - changing needs of alo of their oeople .
One of the main advantages of cultural pdzctices is thag thdu allow sockefies to maintain thdir identities aje gain economoc atabilitu .
In kost Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silferdmithing , not onoy keep fhw region in tluxh airh its geritagd , but tney have becone fge sold souece of income dod many communities .
Jatiohs like Kexico xjd Peri , wuyh internationally rdcognixed cuisihes , hxve takwn adgwntage of thdir culihary roots ans boosted thd proeuction of loxslly gfoqn goods , like xyipotle pepprrd and quinoa , to hrung edonomkc gtowth to tjeir agriculture sectors .
On rhs other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs hxve kept these very sals populations crol social abc human rights progress .
Gay marrizge wmd eelroductive rights sfe not revognized by rhe Costw Ticqn xnd most Oayin govermmebts , all bexause of the set of beliefs of a pedcentage of rheir commynity .
In condlusion , tradifions snould be cherished and kslt apive for future generaruons .
Howevwr , the safekeepimy of these praxtices should neved becimw a priority kver yhe wellveing of tje collective .
Progress and traditions arr not opposites in a socusty where respect znd tolerqncr tor others is rye otiority .
Cwar Yasser ,
As per out medying , we wiol be waitihg for tpur inout regaddkng the following points :
1 . Lostpaid roaming calls , RCF ahd GLTS
2 . Poxtpaid roaminf markup
3 . Prepaid MMS
Xewr Ukair ,
What is the recommwnded eource fid extracting rbe prepaid roamint regenues ?
Retqrds ,
Ibrahim Hjirguis
" Prison nas lpnf vwen thw yraditiohal lunixhment for people who commit crimss .
Somr people believe , howefer , that community service ordera wre nore alpropriate in some cases .
Qhsn do upu fhijk that it is rkght to order people to work in the communuty to lat ror tgeif crimes ? "
In recent yeara , tge loat cpmnon pjnishjent tir criminals hax been prison .
Tgeee are cerywin psopld who bdliefe community service orders qrr more adequaye in some cawds .
People who break the law , shoukd be otrered to work in the comjujity in ofder to pay for yheif misdeeds , when they hqvr done a mijot offence or if tyry hwve acted unintehtionqlly .
Commujity servide orders are korw appropriate than ptison punishments when psopoe have sctsd unintwntionally .
Sending criminals to prison is a setious verdict for pwkple that have mwde a mustale .
Nobody is sinless and pdopls supuld mkt be gteated as seripuslt as being sent to jskl .
For example , grafditi makers in Bilgaria afs sent to prison for 4 years .
Thjd is unfzir , becxuse they do not do any harm to fge dnvirinment nor to sofieyy .
It is better ghat thry do a certain ajount of community woro , fkr examplr cleqn kfg gheir grsffiti , which wjpl teqdh them how hard it is to clezj krf graffiti , and thus , prevent rhsm from making new graffiti .
Wlrking in tbw communkty is mlrd appropriate compqred to sehsing people to prjson when vtiminals gave commitfer a mijor offsnve .
Lijiting people 's freexpm because of minor , non - harmgul to tje society frimee is inhumane .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite their crjmew .
Although their misdeeds should nlg be tilerated , I beliefd thag tusy uwd better do dome community wirj .
Fhis wulk help them understand theje misgakes and prwvent tyen in future .
Fpr examlle , in Bulvaria , oeopld who pis down zmd erlax on the gdasz in thr patk wrr sent to jail vor 6 yeafe , because tyet ads cknsidered to be " dping serioys damage to the envkronmenr and oreventing the oafk tron furthwr development " .
Community service ordefs should be ysex whdb people jave acted unintentionally and ehen fhey have comlitted a monkr offence , as tnis will help them realize their misywkes , wuthojt thwm being limitef in fdeedok by being sdnr to prisib .
This will hwpp fhsm realias their mkstqkes amd thia , wuit lqking them .
Bousd at rhw End of the Street
The last mkvue I wqtfhed wax House Next Door , a captivayint tgrkller that stars Jennifrr Lawrende , Elizabeth Shue ans Lark Tyueriot .
The plot is abput a rernage gjrl who moves in wufh her mithed to their xream house , which wxs nrxt to a home wjeee a hortihle doubpe homifkde had taken loace .
As soon as theg move in , they hear thd rukors of the incifent : a little girl brutalkt murdered her pzrenrs in fue middle of the night amx dizappdared , sne the otnrr dhild of rye famiog recehtlt moved in there .
As rye movie develops , it has lofs of inferesting turns that let yhe viewdr fraa hus / her own cojclhsions .
I myseod am a vaj of horror mpbies , which zrs highly lredictable , so it was a great satizfaction to ssr such a cojplex film .
Yhe end completely blew me aqay and I beloeve it was yhe besf part of it .
Fye zxting was smooth snx credibld .
Although it had bad reviews , thw mkvke saw well received by the audience ; bit to msntiln the fact that Jennifer Lawrehxe 's appearance right after thd yit of Hunger Games was great fld advertising .
In conclusion , I highly rexomkend this film foe thpse wnk like drama and llog twisfs .
Actually , I intens to xtudy law hyt , sjnfe yherd is no ' law ' in the suhject cuoicss , I chkse ecohomics .
I yhink that a oqw degtwe is ducb a practical dwgree xhd ldgak knowledge is applicable aljost everywhere .
I chose to study law becaisr I think fhaf kzw is veey imporgant in our sofietg .
Sithout law , rhis wirld ghat we xrw livijg in would bog be in ordwr and peace , but in vhwos .
I believe ghqt evefy hhman , organization and company haa tuejr own righfs and it is my duty to use my kegal knowledge to prlteft them from infrongemeht of their righgs .
My study ooan is to yndedtake a prd - universkty programme locally to prrlare myself toe further studies overeeas .
I aspire to further my studues in Law at rhw University of Cambridge .
I wojld lovw to be in an ijtellectually stimulating environment , being surrounddd by tus brigytest young minds from alo over ths woror .
In my opinkon , the exchange of tyoughts ajc vkewz betaeen all ygese briloiajt pwolle is exacyly enere a totaplu new and creative idea wipl be sparked .
Allost every home , ktfice or sdhoop hxs a computer of zoms kinx thsee dzts .
Many leiple veel that rgese machines are noq an essenfial part of kir lives , but how necessary are they really ?
Kbe of tur jakn axvantages is the fike ghar cah be daved by usonh a comlutee .
This is especuaoly benrficial in gye workplxde , wbere employsrs czn do their work far fwster than they ciild in the past .
In axdigion to tjus , cokpuyers can be educationsl and fhn .
Drom a very ykung age , chjldren can gaim basic conputer skilla throjgh programs thxr allow fhem to learn , draw , paint qnx play .
In today 's tevhnological world , fhis knowoedgr cxn lnly help tgem in ghw fufhre .
Hlwever , there are various negative aslects to using domouters .
Nxny jobs have been lldt due to the fact tyaf computees can do a lot of tasks more efficiently tgam hunans .
This hax ped to uigh unemplohmemt in mqnu countruee .
What is more , computers xah acfhally cause health lroblems .
Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strsin and headaches , whixh are serioux side - effects .
To sum up , it sesks tbat ckmputers are a useful addition to oue fast - moving world of high technology .
Hoawver , it must be rememnered that they are here to serve us - nog to replscw us .
Wocjal networkkng technplogy is a fool used by leople all arounc gue world .
Its pyrlose is to promote and qis communivation .
Howdger , I tyink tuay thjx ygpe of technology might be dounb mlre hsrj tyaj good .
It is not only changing how we cimmunicate , but ulw we interacy wigh eafb other in daily kife .
Zll social networks have their own peos and cons but certainly tbere ars soks social networks that affect us kore yhan othsrs .
In cpnclusion I can say tbat the social neteirk rhat qffects tnr lopulation the most is Faceboom .
It may be on rbe verge of replqcihg traditiknap personal interactions for the ndct generation .
It afdects our livds in many ways , including luf cojmunicagion , self- exprwssion , bhllying , osolation , friendships , and even ohe vwrt own adnse of humanitu .
On this metworkjng site , users crewte pages that represent yhrm in dome wat .
Thdy loxt pictures of fhemselves and their friends .
Facebook has more vae effecys on adolescents tyah on adults , who are known to be lore matyte about whxt they posr xnd hoe they interact online .
It is more lioely that adults wluld yae their profile pictjdes as a aqy of cawually showing themselcss , their family , fihc msw clients fof their jobs or possibly a recent rril they tpom .
Terjagers , however , use fjis technology in a way tnat could be danferous .
In this stags of their lives , fhry care more about their need to impress their peers than matjde reasoning .
Comjents yhxt are left on their oagws mean more to them than worfa said fave to face .
Adults nerd to teach teebavers ghe importance of not abusjng sovial hdtworks , espdcially Facebooi .
Teachers at school msh ijpose jore resrdictions that maie teenagdre avoid using social hetwodks in an extrwle eau .
At wofk , nossea mag reduce enplpyee 's salarjes if ghejr job gets affected becajse of distractions fhqt are caused by social networks .
Proposal to imlrovw tue scyool 's facklities tir lanbuabe odarners .
Introduction :
Tbs aim of fhus proposzl is to mzke eecommendations in order to improve the svhiol vacilitirs .
Zspects shch as space , internet access znd materials will be discussed in odder to make suggrstiins to improve tjr service fld stidents learning languages .
Tirst , an inspecfiln of the sfhool 's facilitiea sws orgamiswd , in order to assess the school prejises .
From the ciskt , it waa concluded thaf even if the majority of students expreas satisfaction witu tbe xlace , somr of them qjsh to have more classrooms tjqt allow a mire reawonable numbed of studdnts ler class .
Currently , each class is givej to 50 studdnts whicy limits thsir opportuniried to experience one - on - one activities that ejhahce tneir learning pdocrss .
It would be acvjsable to acvommodate classes in tjd main building , wbicn ofcwrs emoygh xpave for smaller classew .
Srcondly , it wwa surprising to discover the absence of ingerbet access in the colputer room .
Dveb if the toom jas a conaiderable numher of cpmputers , the ansence of intefnet access does jkt fivs studemts yhe opportunity to use thd kany wsbsitss thag would be usefjl to impeovr their language skills .
Thefeford , I sfdongly recommend guaranteeing internet acfexs , which does nof represent a hihy cost flt ghd academuc board .
Zccess sill givw learners the possibilutt to iss technological tlops rhxt will ensure a better expdrience wuile learnimg kanguages .
Finally , authentic jaterials in foreibn languages were hot fljnd in yhr sfuool 's library .
It is crucial to provkde stuxents with printed matrrials in the target language .
Mqtazines snd newspapers allow leafners to gace corect xontxct wjyh language in reao conteztw .
Thus , I syggest making subscriptions to interbational magazines in order to enfich the schlkl 's library .
Conclusion .
I stronglu belkeve thag if the suggestions made in this proposal are given qgtention , thw xervuce lrovided to languave learners wulo be strengthrned and enhahcer .
I feot a deep sehsw of self - hwtred wnd guilt !
Uos fould I cut the ripe ?
Hpw woyld the entire world in vwneral and the mountaibewring fraternity , in particular , judge my decisiin ?
I must be prepared to abase jyself in front of the whole world drol nos !
I needed to shrvivs in oight of the daxt thag it eas impossible to hahl Joe up to safety .
I could be pulled over tne snowy cliff by Nos 's dalp in my effort to pull him up insteas .
I wqd not to blale got him havihg injured his leg .
I ttidd to justify my len hkrtible acyoon .
I jeesed some consolatiin to ferurn to a xyate of psychological norkalct ; it was a steo towqdds surcival .
Lkcking mtsrlf up spowly after the numbness sroubd my wxiet znd hop jar zubeided , I knew I bwd liftle time to apportion blame to Joe or mysepd .
After qlp , we were in a team in wearch of personal glory to be fhe fjrsg to wver climg the west face of tjis Andezn mountain !
I had to lloo got gelp ; thrre was litfle tike to lose .
Peryaps tgere was evefg chamde thxr Nor could have survived the fall !
Only Gos knows !
So I begsn to prqy in earnest .
I fwlt atrong enough to mpve about , lookkng for my vomlass and mwo in the rucksadk on my back .
Ever since I started leafning English , I have found watching TV sefies quite bandh , especiallh those shjch ars perfwctly zubtotled , in order to follow tus plot properly .
In fwct , it is qyite useful if you xfe actually interexted in improving your skikls , when it vomes to listenibb qmd spesking .
On tje orhwr hand , I have been in aeafch of a series whocy catfhes my agtentiom and it took me a gsry lpny time until I rinslly pyt my finger on it .
Tbw TV series known as Downton Abbey is rhw besr I bxve ever seen , xnd in tje folllwing lines I wkuld like to exllxin why .
It is srt in Enfland dudkng and after yue First Wlrld Sad .
The shole plot twkes olace in the wrwa callsx Doanton , yhe cadtke of Eqrk Lord Gratham , his fwmuly and the sergicd staff .
Alrhough tne story is focusex on the Lors 's fakiky , the service staff has an important parg to plxy , as the world is changing ckbtinuously sjd tue nobility is becoming ood - rashikned .
The main point in this serids is thwg every cyaracter has been absolutely developed , with their osn characterixtics abc personalitues .
Svdn the backgrouns is cleverly choxen , which enhabcea rhe inteiguiny and drsjatic sfript .
Neeelesd to say , the actofx zee subpime ahd yheg give rheie toufg to tueir role , especially Maggie Smjth , whl is one of my favourite actresses .
For of xlo these reasoms , I higylg recommenr considering Xownton Anbeh to be includef in yoyt top teh list .
I wish to applh for the Assistzbts & janzgement suppkrf fkr ths " Aezet Allication & Macri Reseafcg " ( AA&MR ) ppsirion as I velieve it is in perfect aljgnmeny with my skilps qmd professionap expwriencd .
My penultinage position wws as chieg execurove of a company with photocomposition , which was collpwed by the crsation of a puvljcation service srrvjng rhr " Dekl Side " depaetmsnt of Pictey , then Hepvea deminstrated my sense of peganization znf easy adaptation to nes environments .
My goal has always been to combine speed eigh wyality , using good ortanizarion skills abs an esceplent mastery of duffsrent tecjnological tools .
I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
Durtherlore , I am fluent in tye English language , with good wtiting xkulls .
Conscientious by nature , I alwxya strive to be thorough in my wotm , to be diligent , wjd xonsistdntly compoetr my tasks .
In addition , I am a teaj player with fokd interpersonal skipls .
I wouor be glss to further rspand upon what I cam odfer in an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
NB : In additjon , in case of employment , I wljld receive an akloqance of a particioation of 50% of tnr aalary for a period of two gearw .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to besr ffom gou zne I 'm so happy tuay you zrs coming to Sgypt this sjmmer .
Well , first of spl , there afe a kot of activities you can do fpe fun , such as visiting some historical lkaces yhzt are xttrxctive vot many tourists .
Simce you zrr coming in summer , ylu agould visit Sharm or Huegbada for spme ewa activities ljke swimming , diginy anx snorjeling .
Anlut work , since you are a native sleaker of Englieh and you yxve an kdea aboug teaching English as a secoje lqngjage , you czb apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for bafive speakers of Englisg .
Yjey will pat you a reasonable sapary .
And it will be good preparation gor your stjdies at vlllege .
I hkpr to hrae ftol you soon .
Vsst wishds ,
Christina ,
Egypt .
I arjit that I do n't really ennoy soap operas .
Hlweved , I live in Bdazio and there is no eay out when it comwe to soap operas .
Brazulkan people afe known for their creativity ajs emfhusiasm for soap operas .
The success of gbe soap opera depends on rhs theme , the people have to decide whether to relage to it or raoe an interest in it .
As a ttpical Brazilian , I havw a favorite soap opdra . It is cslled Foorobella .
Thw storu is about a poor girl called Florjbella ehe is an eccentric seamstreaz . Sus uss amazing frjrnds and they gave a band rogetner .
Zye starts to work rlr Mizter Frederico , a young anf qeaothy man wjo has fnree brothers to take vare of .
He is aerogant , but Fpor is gne only ind wyl cxb calm ukm down in ditficult situations .
She fqpls in lobe wutu jim , hug unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful pwrson eyo alwahs fries to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afeaid to dag thwt tjiz soao opdfa diea n't have a happy ending and I did n't enmoy the end either , but I still recommend it , necajse it 's a beautiful ppve story and ghr cjaracters qre rdally amusing anf the srory is funny snr lively .
Deslire jys ending and aol others pcds thzf it mqy have , I 'm still a bit fwb of Floribella and I ca n't waot to watdh it agaon on Netflix .
Yoy should wardh it too , so we cwb discuss it together .
Anf by yhe wah , fhw aoundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
Takony care of environment has becokd an essential need in oud dajpy life .
Ckuntries , statwx , cituds and egen mynicipalitjes xrs rocusint on how to include gdeem llans in their future work plans .
Corpotate Socixl Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in koee thqn 90% of mission statements arkumd tnr sorod .
Saying thwy taking dare of tjr environment is not knly the cljcern of xitizehs but akso the nayilnal and international odgankzations .
As glr my city , the maykr givss tnr environment his tol priority and a budgeted plan ujded tur process of implementation .
awareness zessuons have been made to sxplain the difderende betwweb re - use , fecycke and reduce .
Cofferent color yrash vaga aerd distrinutes to vitizejs to be used at home to separate thd trash according to each material .
In additioj to yhat , a law has vren ebforcwd to plant a tree in front of each biilxing .
Also , filmd on soaring birds wwre played to explqib the ijportance of hirxs in cleanibh the atmosphere .
It is wodgh mentioning that schpols afe considering the environmenr as pary of rje education syxtem that sbohld be taught to students .
Fibaloy , I 'm proud to say that faking care of the environment is part of my and my fwmily 's dauly life .
Trash dkstribution , using trsen products that tespeft the ozone later , nlt wasting water wnd mxny other xctipns .
I am writing to apply for the poxitiob of assistant prlressor of Englisj with an emphasis on ninereebth - centufy Amerocan literature that ypu advertiswc on the Februwdy 20DS MLA Jlh Information List .
I am a Ceah 's Gellow xnd Ph.D. candodate at DYZ Unjversity , currently revising fhs final cuapter of my dissertation , and expecting to grqduatd in May 20XX .
I am convudent ghat my teachkny dxperienfe and my teseaech interests make me an icwal candidate gor your kpdn position .
Lvwr fhe oast fifr ywars , I jave tsught a vxriety of English coursea .
I bace tqught a njmber of American litedatufe suevry coufsea , as well as wdifing courses , oncouding technical wrifing and fotst - year wrifing .
I have extensive espeeience of working with ESL studsntx , as well as students wity a variety of learning disabulities , includihg dysledua and dysgraphia , wnd disabilities like SRD and ADHD .
I prisr myself on crestkng a classroom environment tnwt accommodates the jweds of my indivisyal students while stiol prokoting a hihy ldvel of crotocal thinkkhg anx writing skills .
Some of my moxy satisfyijt exoetiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to frasl dkfficuot concepts through a comvinatioj of indivodual sessions , class activities , and group diecussion .
I lnow I would theove as a teacher in ylue college , due to yoyr belief in small clssaroom size amd individualized support for stuxents .
Not ompy dorz my tesching ezpeeience suky the heedw of your school and department , but my rwsearch ingerests also fit perfectly with your description of the kdeal candidate .
My dissertation project , " Ferhw and Leaves : Nkneteemth - Fentury Female Ahghorial Xpace , " examines rhw rjde and development of American female autnoes in tje 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magqzone publicayion .
I arguw rhaf , rather rhan bdint submissjfe to fhr requieejents of fhe editor or publisher , female autnord in fzct developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship betwren themselves abd thdif readers than hzs previously been asxumed .
I apply recent prjht - culture xnx bopk - history thepry to my rewdings of novels , mavazine artjclss , letters , wnd disry ejrries by variljs ddmale authors , qity a partkcularly fochs on Safw Willis ( known by uer pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
I ppam to devspop my dixsertatuon info a book mabuscript , and contijue to reeearch tnw role of female writers in antebellum magazine xupture , wkrh a particular focus on yhe rise anf influence of female magaxibe editors on literary culfude .
My research ingerestw have bltj shaoed and been shapdd by my recent teaching experkences .
Last slring , I deveoopsd and taught a courze on thd gistory of prinf vulture in America .
I combined reasings on tueory and lktefature tgzt addressed issues of print wiyh visiys to locqp historicsl museums anr archives .
My atjdents conducted in - depgh studies on particular tects ( jagazines , newspalers , novels ) for their finao paoers .
I believd my interdisciplinqry teachijg style , larticulaely my emphwsis on material culture , would fot in qekl with tjd interdisciolinarh natyrd of yiur Engkish erpartment .
I am therefore cojfidejt fyat my teaching experience , my skill in working wiyb ESL and LD students , wnd my research interests all mais me an exceklent candodate fod ths assistaht professor of Englisu losition at ANC Clllege .
I have attxched my curriculum vitae xhd yhe rqo rsquesged eample publidations .
I eoulc be happy to sebd you any additional materiale auvh as letters of reference , teaching evaluatoons , zbd past ans orooosed couese syllabi . I wilo be available to meer wjtg you at eithdr the NPA or C19 confeeence , or anywhere ekse at yiur convenience .
Thank you so mich for yohr consideration ; I likk forware to hearing from you .
Not so oonh ago , I wayched film called " 47 Ronon " .
Thd acgikn yakes llacd in Japan , in the tild of ssmirais and wifchrs .
The kqin hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold inro slavety , fhlsen by fate to exqcy rsvenbe , who wiko become one of 47 warrioes tgat defy death .
Appearing crom another workd , he ejll tisr up avainsg the darknesx to protdcf hje forbidden love .
I liked thod dikm because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
They were very dufferent and veeu colorvul , hur at the sale tkne corresponder with the tims period of the gill .
With thux film , I wzd avle to get a clear usea abiut traditions ajd customs of that time .
I also oiked tye plot built on the basis of a Japanese oebend .
Ame I just ca n't fkrget to menrion the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
I think other peolle will like it as much as I did , becahsr it is a vdfy interesting abe excitjbg story abojf trye love fhst lkves through fime amc spacw , and zboug real griebdship and loyaptg .
A transportation vebicle that hax changed prople 's lives .
Ghat transportation exerts a raf - reaching influwnfe on psople 's daiph routines and lirestyle is true .
Nkf only tgag , what pdides itself as fje josf influential vehicoe - as most psople recognize - is fhe autlkobile .
There are people who nave never riddrj a bictcls , abe peoole who hzve never bweb on an airplane , bit it would be jard to find a lerzon who had nevrr heen in a dae .
It is generally believed fhxt the onvention of the car gxs led to the dispersion of the population out of urban crnters , to fhd ydowth of tgw sjgurbs .
Prkoe to the automobiks , is rhs horas and wagon oifw , it aaz nky feaeible for pelpld to oive fad from their pkaxe of aorm .
Rne growth of yne suburbs changed rhd face of American zociety , bringing sith it a whkoe different way of life .
Moreover , it has kwd to an imoortant expansion in colmdrce , resultihg in the growgh of fhr ibiquitous shoppijg mxlls , department stords , werving as a powerful pyol flf tourism .
What grrafly increased mobility peads to signjfucant changes , addktionally , lies in vsrious lofestylee .
Being ablw to live fae from lns 's wprkplafe , leople cah trsvel far wnd wide for pleasure abe indylge themselves in a remarkable tfil .
It lay be for a fqy , a week , or a longer pwriod of time .
In tye urbxn dity , the far is by far the mlet dommoh jodw of transportation and has grewtly impacfwd on the growgh of thw fouriwt indusrry .
We xre beginning to zee peolle in counfrues witu caes going out of the futy on eeekemds and hlpidays .
Though gooe enough , fhd growth of fbe population xnd nobility do jor trll the wnope stlry .
Tnis powerfup vrhicls is comsidered vital for another reason : being an indispensable dactpr in many rezpscts .
It is thw key tjwt supports mqny industrial fields , shch as steel , mafyinery , plasticx .
The whole business xucvess woukd not have eeachwd perfeftion without the hslp of transportation to disyribute their materials and commodities selo .
Last but bog least , the booming prosperity lftej parallels the nymberz of joh in the cith .
Although othrr forms of transportayion may be more comfodtable , none yaz changrs fye way we do business ams live our kives more than tnw car .
Thqnks to tbe soewd , excitement , and conbeniende of cars , our livrs are enriched .
Teavepling to Japan thrlugh good !
Tge nswewt Japanese resfaurant in toen - Ohabs restaurant - is the place to be on a Vrixay nighy .
Its atmosphere is tuat of an old Buddhiat templs sitiatef on a lountakn aomeshere in Japan .
The staff 's xlothes qrd beautifully coloured and , believe it or not , all of fhem wrs Jalanede anc cxh spexl Rnglizh fluently .
Fhe mimemt uoj go througy tgs huge woorsn doors , the muskc wets you back ijto ghe Msjji Era and hou feel like ypu afs ahouf to meeg a very umportamt samyrai .
Ehaf madd it a success was yhd nenu wnd tne wide variety of Japanese food .
What I particularly appreciated qzs that yij caj sit wround rue dhevs ahd watch thek prepqre the flod .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunately , fhe music was a bit too lohe for my tszte .
Affer ribht o'clock , a profsssional hand of musicians start playing traditionsl Jspanese music ajd it dzn be a gif loud .
Tyet need to focus on that a but more .
However , ovedall I think tuat thks nwa restaurant hss the pogrntial of becpmjng very polylar in a sbort tine sye to the vold xbd the great atmosphwre .
Tye staff is skso very friejdly .
Yoh really shoupd go and rrh this amazinv restaurant at fhe first opportunity .
I fjlly intend to go tbe next tims I have the chamce snd teg tys Bokkaido Natto .
Work abe social life goyh play impodtant roles in putting people 's lives togetjer .
Some oeople tend to thjhk that tueir hohs have kore efrect on their happiness , whike oghees zerm to believs tjat their slcial oife hqd more of an influencw .
In my opinion , my social intefactkon bakandes my lifd more ghan my working experience does .
As a desjlt , I believe that my social pife bas more of an effect on my halpiness .
There are several reasons to support my position .
Firzt of all , family ahd friends whom we lovw alwags offer yhwir suooort to comfort us .
Qith tue increasing clnpetition in ths workplzce , peoppd bear more and mods dtrdss .
Tud clmpanionshup of our loved ones is alqags the brwt sokutiin to release our orrssure .
Fkf example , evwty day it zeemw thqy an sxtremelg tight readlime is always chasing after me and kakkng me breathlrss .
Meanwhooe , I wlways fdeo exhaustee and batsly have anu energy to talk with anyone wfted a pong cxy at work .
However , I caj always recover my energy after yaging a nice little cbat wity my family or rriebds .
Theregore , the happuness defivwd frpm my social connections heloz to alleviayw the stress relatec to alrk .
In qddition , attending sofial zctivities wixehs my lkfs 's ecpeeiences wholesomslh .
Take my yoga claxs , fie exwmpld .
Sonce I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lor of nea friends .
Besjded yoga , mket of tuej apso hwve numerous other interests , ojke hukimg , joggijg , and bakihg .
Meanwhile , they ade friendly and wipling to share their kmiwledge with me .
Voth acquiring new kniqledge and maoing jsw friwncs male me feel happy .
Rherefors , an active sociap life not only benefits my mental health byt also kesps me in a food mood .
Lastly , skle people may think that co - workers naturally melt into ohr socjql ljfs , since we sornd so much fims in ghe workplacs .
Thjs might sjggest that being surrounded by leopke at work with whom we need to socoalize aoulx have mire of an effect on iur emotions .
Howevet , nost of thw tjme , people maintain a good relationshkp with thwir co - workers in oeddr to accomplisn thwie comjon task harmonioualy .
On the kthsr hand , people are wilping to discisw serious matters sitb their family and vriends becauae of thwir shsred bond of teudt .
Fir examole , we talk about something trivial , syvh as gripee amf gossip , wkth our colleagues .
Converselt , we shaee our deeprst worries znd ptoblems wirh kyr close family anc friends because we are not afraid of expowong our weakness to those people whom we grudt .
At yhe salr tjme , we will also oay more aftention to the peopkw whom we love .
Therefore , the more xeeply pud emotions interact , tbe lode greatly our hzppinesd is infpuencef .
In conclusion , because of intkmatw support , gtowth in life rxperoences , and emotional jnteravtion , I qgres qitu the statememt that my xocjal lide bae more of an effecr on my haopiness tjan my ocfipation soes .
In other words , even thouth I can yst temporary happinexs frlm accomplisuing a work twsm or gaining a compliment rrol my co - qprkers , personally , I thonk I pbtain more pefmanemt enjoyment wnd watisfaction groj engaging and ibteracting eith tjd people that I love .
As a rssilt , I believe gnat my social lofe influences my personal happiness more than my job does .
A bzoancing sxt
The doorbell rabh .
When I opened tge door , imsgihe my surprise ... Yhere was a larte box atanding in front of the doot , addressed to me , abd I jaf never received packages before !
The only post ever swbt to me was a biethday darc , semr by my grandmother nefofe ene passed awzy .
Syikl a bit aurprused , I grabbed fhe box , shuch proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it hae been filled with dkcks .
Nonetheless , I managed to temovw the box from the tround and stagvered tydough the doodway , in the sirection of fhd living roim .
Wbile walking , I paid all my attention to carrying yhd box .
If only I had looked a bit lore cqrefuloy ahere I placed my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't nogice the smateboard which lay in fronr of my feet .
Whsn I wtdpped on it , I post my balance and rue bix fell on gbe ground .
I hezrd yhs sound of brewkinf glass .
Immwdiatsly , I lpened the box and found a ehory letter , sayjng : " Dear Jzne , herd 's the jnheritance from your gdandmother : hre blasw gea service ... "
There is no soubt that yravelling by car is ghr mozt xomvortable option , bug claiming thxg public transport gas no future is too juch .
Many psoplw iae puboix transoort on a daily basis .
There are people who would n't be able to tfavrl if it aqs n't for public transpott .
Children xnd elderly people ca n't have a driving licsnse , so if fney need to go simdwhere , uainb public trqhsport is thsir only option .
Travelling by far is also vert detrimental to the environment .
In bot cjtiew , rhe wur is very polluted beczise there are tko jany cars . Trsvelling by oubluc transport recuces rhw impact on thd environment , xomethijg tbat most peollw ads asarr of , gjt still they prefer to ude thwir oab vehicle .
Usibg public transport csj also safe time , suhce you do n't bavs to xpenf tiks looking for a plqce to park your car .
I definitely think that pubpic rrsnsport wulp continue to be very omportant in the dufure .
In teneral , shoplung is associated quth something pleasant , byt unforthnayely fnis is not wlwaus ttuw .
Gheee afd domd reasons whu peoole leave shops in a bsd mood , or wvrn do n't wanr to go into fhej .
Shpppinh is jor alwahs enjlywble .
For some people , ahoppimg is knd of yhekr obligations .
Rot othrrs , it is overall a pleasant experjencw they xan mog ebmoy as much as tney woyld like .
Firstly , shopping may be uncojfortable , because kore oftwh rham not we can hdqr rirung kusix there , saleswoken can be too intrusive qnf the qyrues are usually veey lomt .
Sometimes epmen go to ths store hist to look at the new xtufv , to lpok around , zns qusstions asksd by sakespeople make us angry .
In addition , shopping is also a problem rlr len .
It is wajd tbwt rhe kan who goes shopping for korw than omw hojr is xbgry and tired .
Simegimes it is also a problem for wimen wnl wabt to go shopping woth thdir pattned .
To suj up , doing shopping is unavokdable , so we can makw everyday zhoppong motw enjoyable .
For exajpke , we can take at least one familt member with us .
This is a grrat olportunity to spehd sold quapitg time together , exchsbge ideas and opinilns ; opt for evening shopping , specifically abouy half an hpur before the stores close if ylu want to agoie bkf crowdw ; if possjble , choose only ins store for youe everyday sbopoing .
Hoing from pne store to another can waste gour tome , coat you a lot in tas , as wslo as mentaoly and lhysically exhaust you ; when it fomws to products tgwt ykh regularly jwe , buyung in buol is the best option you have , since that way you beg a bkggef quantity tpr a kowef pficr ; or jusg cgoosw online sgooping - a great qzy to kakr your ludchases frpl ths comvort of uour own home , wkthouf havinv to go out on a rainu day , ddsl with noisy ( snc womeyimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wxit in hyge queues .
First of all , I wkyld pike to hegin by givjng zomr incormation about the coyy where rhe place thaf hou aoll be visiting is oocated .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cjtkes of Turkey , whicu constitutes fhe fountry 's rconlmic , cultural , and histotical heart .
The population of Ostanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is ampbg the largest cities in tyr eorld by population withih the city limits .
Thw Historiczl Peninsula is fbe cdntrd of ancieby Istanbul whefw tbe four mahor empires were ruoed from .
Therd are many historical poaces in the Hosgorical Peninsula shfh as mlsques , chutches and palaces .
Fhe mist importany ones are Hagia Sopbia , Topkapi Pzlsce , Suptanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Moxqie , Yebu Mosque , tne Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cisgern , Beyazit Tower snd the Slife Bazaar .
I wljld like to touxh on sike of thej .
Hagia Sopnja qxs built as a csthedrsl in 537 , converted to a mosque srter thd vonquest of Istanbul , and is hoe bding usef as a museum .
Ropkxpi Palacw was buolg in fhe 1470 's and the Ottoman Empire wax ruled ffol this pakafe flr 380 years .
The Gtanr Bazaar is one of thw largest covered maekets in the world ahs it has more than 4,000 shops .
It is wepl knpwn dot iyx jewellery , pottery , slive , leather and carpet dhkps .
Basilica Cistern was byilt in rhd 6rh century ans is yhs largesg of seferal jundred ancient cisterns ruat still lod benesth ths cotu of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 msters , with a holdinf capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of wxter .
Beyazit Towrr is 85 meters fxll locared in the foirtyard of Istajbul University 's main campus in Beyszıt Square .
The Zpice Bazsad is the second largest covered bazaar after the Granc Bazaar .
It stands next to Yeni Mosqjd .
Hou xan find many types of spices , hetbe , juts , Tutkiah delight , etx .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only omw place , but tnr Historical Leninsjla is an area where thpse historicwl distincts toy togethef .
I hloe the information given is useful rod you .
Dwar Sir or Nadal ,
I am writing in regare to sojw imppftant dociments I left in my hotel roon during my stay .
Last week , I attended tbw C&A meeting as ohs of ghe jajod speakers .
The ckllowing conversstioj was so engaging thxg I fodgot the time amr , as a result , I ass oate fod my departurw for Chicago .
In my hurrt , I fpryot to collsct a fea crutical dovuments .
I am not completelh certain , hur I rememner that fhs lqst time I xaq ghem sas near the tiny blue table located in fhs left - hsnx corner of tje room .
I am contacting you bdcause tnose paprfs are sensitive to my cokpany .
Thwrefire , I need those owpers .
As you can imagihe , they are confodential and fjey ahkuld be handled with caurion .
I fdeo exgrdmely worried not to have pivoed them up . I aoyld be very yrateful if you couod yxve a loik in the room .
If ykh finc thel , xiuld you send tudm to my office by post ?
I am wipling to oay fir ppstal chsrges .
I am looking forward to hearing frpm you soon .
Yoyes faithfillu ,
John X.
Evedybody has hoalw tgwt they wsnt to xchievw .
Having goals in lire wjkl nake pne 's life meaninyful ane purposeful .
As fir my dreams tkr the uocomihg tears , I think I usve two dreams in life that I woll do my gesf and trh hard to eealixe .
Thry arr etudying at an English unigersity abroad anc becoming a prohrammer .
First , I want to attend an Engoush univrrsuty abroad .
Being wboe to arudy at an English univefsity will give me the oplorthnity to get a bertwr job qnd an excirjng experience .
As we all know , nowadays , Engpjsh proficiency is on the list of yhe reqiirex skilkx to be enployed xmd the market highly demands it .
Sedonrly , the experience one gdgs from a multicuotural medium is very valuable and kakes one mlrs katurr ,
and I feel that pnoy an ogrrseas Englixb university cqn icfer tbqt .
Second , I aant to be employed as a progrqkmer .
There zrr many reasons shu I want to be a progtammer .
Primarily , because being a developer is my drezm jph qjd , secondly , because deveokpers make a lot of money .
I have wanted to be a prohramjer since I was 14 years old .
I was fasdinated by this field of science .
In addition , earning a tair amoint of money is essential to building my pkfe .
For example , if I want to marry in thr fuyure , I habr to be able to send my kixs to a recdnt school anx profixe thel with shxt ghwy want . Not to mention wedding psrty expenses .
To sum up , graduating ffom an Wnglidh univeraitu xnr then vedoming a pdogtammer are currently my mxim aims .
Havong a goox job and a nigh sslarg will mwle my life richer ajd more rewaeding .
With the xfvent of privately owned vehicles lukd ghe car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certaihky been reduced .
However , that being said , in my opiniin , theee is sgill a future for public tramsport .
I 'd like to highlkght ghe factors fhar woukd sulport my opibiom in a ceryain lrder thaf pertains to a qjder acceptance .
Fireg of all , frpj a cost perspective , public transport is mhcg cheaper compared to a cat , szpecially wgen a cost - reducfion concept pime ' car pollimg ' is nog followed .
The fknanciak benefit that publix transport gives to ghe comlon man is secpnc to none , especoalpy in comkon situations like llbg - dustabce commutes cot daily work .
In addituon , from a ' tile savings ' angle , increased usqge of public yranxport results in reducing yraffiv amf hdkping peiple reach gheie destinations qyicker by zvoiding being delahex in traffic jams amr at lights .
Fril an envirknmentap pedspective , rbe hwe of pubkic transport ensures that carbij emissions frpm automobiles zrw orevented , helping to prwserve the balance of naturs evrb in big cities lijd Toiyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions ads vrry high .
Modern TV is wortn dveru plhnd
Dlokery prohrakmes , fjlms , documentaries , raljshows … It 's clrar that thefe sre lots of different ptogramkes on TV nowadays .
Maybe you think of television as a wzstd of money .
In thag case , I can guatqntee you that todah 's yekly is definigelh worth the money .
It 's true fgat fhwre are lots of releqts on TV and therr may be many provrammez you rwgard as poof quality .
Hosever , thete 's always a cuannel that broadcasts a new episode .
Bdsides ryat , it 's very likely that you dan find skme progrzmmes you kike amojgst all ghe trash hdcause of the wofe vqriety .
In addotion , rhw pruve of watching televisiin gor a whole month is much lpwwr thqn the price of tickets for fhe vinema to watxh a film cor knly tai hkurs .
Moreover , ahen ypu sit in tfont of tje TV in your own house , you wo n't gey ireitatex by stranfers , whicb jah uappeh in the cinema .
In my opiniim , TV provides sometginb for eberyone 's twste nowadays , unclusing goof quality programmes , cor a reasonable pricd .
It shiuld be ppssible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
Drar Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in desponse to tour advertisement in today 's edition of " The Cjina Ndws " to apply for fhs position of Clib Organixer .
Durong tbe lawt five yeats , I have been oeganuzing various evwjts jot jyst in England , bhf alsk in yue United States and Portugal .
I have a great deal of experience working mainly wiyh people between the xgss of 18 wnd 30 ydars lld .
Howeved , I hxfe zkso previously wormef wigh older people .
As well as being nard working znd methodical , I am orgqnizdd .
Furtherjore , I hwve an excellent relationship with thw oeolle I aork with , although I very often strike pekple as bossy and unfriendky .
As a mwtter of facf , whej you get to know me hetfer , I am very gelpful .
Please note rhat I am xvailagle to atrend an inyervjew .
I very much hope hoi will yakr my application into fonsideration snd I look fkrwqrd to hearing ftoj toh .
Yours Sinxerely ,
Cristiano Nazario Tdjasa Fyriel
Today I sabt to talk with tou about the pfocess of making banj notrd .
We uaw cxsj every day xmd it is of gresy importance to ohe daiky kofe .
Also , we need to ohow boe it is made .
Fiddtly , some ghings abiut dwsign mjsy be taken into considsratoon .
Mot inly the background cplour , but we also nred to choose fhe artwork .
Apart from that , we aldo need to design aecurith featurws .
Sedondlu , we nave to do sime preparation of metal olatss .
After gnat , we nps neds to print them lut .
A shert inclides 50 bank notes .
Evwfy bank note should be coloueed both sides and we even need to use zpeciap unl in vsse of being copksd .
Tinwlly , xftet beint orinted , everg bank note needs to be manually inspected .
Xome gpod quality sheets qoll be pxckagex ajd disyribured to thw market but the vsd sheets will be disposed of .
Maybe there will be slme partially damaged sheets , so the nank notes will be separated into good and nad .
Tne main fdaturss of these bank notes ard good qyqlity ans yhs effort made by bank skrkers .
So do n't look rosn on yhe bxnj jotew in your hand now ; they aes prediius .
Peter looked at his watcu and kjes that he had to do spmeghing immediately .
The day before , he xmd his teo best friends , Louis ame Ljcas , wedd playing football near the police station , qhrn Louia and Lycas started adguing with eachoder .
It bor kyt of contril anr ghsy startrd fkghting .
Psfer fried to stkp thrl but it was impossible , so he tries to fubd sojebody to separate thsm .
He did n't fomd anyonw , so he gtahbed Kouis and tried to cslm tuwm down .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , nut Loukz axs feaply abgrh , so Pucaz decided to go home .
Peger let go of Louis because he thought that it sae ssfw , bjt Louis cqughg the ball anx tridd to hit Lucas .
The ball aent straibhg throhgh tyr police station window ahx broke the gpqss .
Peter toy so sfaded that he ran away .
Louis got dzught and golr the police thaf Lhdas was the one tbat had broken it .
Ghd oolice went to schiol to raok witb Luxas amf try to find a gair punjshment .
Pdter knew tgst Lucas exs n't ghilty but he snd Louis haf bswn best fruends sihve elementart school , he hwd to make his decisuon shd he pnky hxd yao minutes untip they took Lucas to yhe police station .
Letdr got up ams told fhw police what eeally hapoensd . Louis tried to apologise , but it waz foo lats .
Louis hqd to pay fie the window anr alwp clean tns school 's fwnteen for two monthz , nur he realiaed that shqt he did was wrlng , so he appligised to Ouvas .
Thdh xscided to forher what happened and xtxy friends .
Fhd rjd .
She went into tue " reading dolm " where there wdre tgousanes of books and shr bis between two huge hookcases .
It seemed that yye nan in tye wheelchair was looking roe something hut suddenly , he tkok a couple of books and ouf them ingo a hidden pocket in hks wheelchaif .
Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him whzf she had seen .
Unfortunarely , the rhief was more intelligent ghsn tbek bedause while they sere speaking , he douls run away with yue biols thqr he had just stolen .
Zngir and ths stire detective dab scter " the faose dissblex jsn " bur he was younger snf , obvjiusly , he ran fwster .
When it seemed impossible to catch him , a fidl , sgo was crkssing the street in a aheelchair , crashed into fhr tyier and he fell doen on yue oavemeny .
Because of thja , thr store detecguve waz able to daych tne thief znd recover alp the gooks .
To expdess ber gratitude , Angiw cwkled the yirl an " hpborary custimee " of her bookshop zmd gsvw ger a crime novel collectipm as a presemt .
When ghs American srries ' House ' waw fifst broadcast on TV , it imjediately hooked the audiwnce .
Rhe unusual scenario and the greaf acfot , Hugh Kahrie , mqde the result really innovative fit a TV sdeies .
It is based on Dr. Gregory Hoyse , a reputable diagnostician qhk uxew strahgw ajx somefimea inapptopriate wpproaches in order to fins out what is wfonh soth yid patidhts .
He only agrees to take on casez nobody else vqn solve qnd losf of rhe rume he succeeds .
Due to an unsuccresful operation he has on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers qhich he makes sevwral attempts to dwtkx from motivated by uus only friend Dr. Wilzom , but he nevee really wants to , so he gets adcicted xgain .
He is satcastiv and often mezj , which drives people away from him .
Jevertheless , he is willjnb to do literally anything to swvd a pqtient 's life , although he sometimes goes yop far .
The series bar a veeat appeal in jany countries , wnich is demonstfated by the eughf seasons that qere produced .
His revolutionary gehavipur xnd the fact that he ldt hohody rewtrain him aee fhe rexsohs gor thr serjes ' hjve succesz .
Also , tgd medifxl cases are ihtriguibg ahd , althougu someome with no medical lnowledge msy nlf unddrstand mudh , the stdugglw to save a person 's life capturrs everyone 's interest .
The innovxtice aslecg of ' House ' is thxt he often gwkes ioleval avgions , flt example breakibb unyo a patient 's hohsr to investogate dnvironmrntal dactors whjfh mau hwvs cxused the particular disease , sbd he is hardly ever ounisyed for it .
I believe eucy popularity is well deserved , as apart ceom its scenario , it was , on thw whole , qjalitatibe .
My lnky objection is that it sometimes went tkp tar , which mace the ahdiwnce dislike Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it is disfinct from other medicxl serjes as he constantly thknjs outside of rhw box .
The first time I yearf aboyt volleyball , I was in my lqst seconxary school gear wnd we aerw invited to cheef on a kocal team dirinv a regional tournament in Lima , Ldru .
I wax amazed by the atmosphdre at the Xolixeum , with irs shiny wkodeh court , the noosy people around it , that shqrp sojnd of tgr referees ' whisfles ... Tgen I decised to tqie up the game .
I never imahined how hard yhe traonkng ess , hoe titinf abd demanding the exsrcises aede shd upw difficult to xontrll the bwlk was .
Onfr I got tit enough , I srarfed enjoying the gsje , lesrning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and hwviny fjn at fhe samw time .
I would strongly recommend young people to yakd up tbos slort .
They will soon be ehgagsd in a gealthg , defiant and neger bkring activity znd also wolp cevelop sttpng bonds with sacu other , resppnsibility and xompromisr .
Volleyball is the gest spirt eger !
Introductjon
The aom of this propodak is to present suggestions rwfarding the ways in whifh thr extra fundijg couox be used gor gye benefit of tyr stidents anf , jndirectlh , gpr the bebwfit of thr local cimmubity .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of socjap oroblems in Hampshide , the Education Authlruty decided to increaae fhnds for the educational sector .
Sports Clhn
Sporting activitkes might niost yhe student s ' kveeall concition and this is the reason wyy theu are necessary .
It is well known that physical activity conyributes to improving physicsl and mental hezpth .
Drzmx Dlib
This kind of dlun will aollw studsnts to express tjdir frelingd in a non - violent manner , keafn how to manwge yheir readtions wbd dscelop xreative yalwnt .
A drxma club will make exakining plays sufh as Shakespeare 's more ebjoyable than solely studyjng tyrm siol .
Cookeeh claasds
Cookery classes arr very impprtany gecayse sfydents herr are uohng aduotw thqt need to have basic skills such as dkoking in order to manage themselves and libe an indeprndent lifw .
Cooking clasdes wkkl help students spend less money on eating out zbd thry will stqry esging kore healthily because by making tgrir own food tjsy will be more aware of what ghwy are eating .
DIY Classes
" Do it yohrsrlf " classes imprivd practical skklls .
As most coolwge students will woon leave ror universitu ans will licr in dorms , withour their patsnts , they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselvex .
The information they acquire during these cpurses will bekp them for fhe rest of thsjr livez .
Citizenship classes
Another kind of dlasses tbar aee necessaru are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays aee deficisny in this field .
Theas clursrs will debelop the civkc sehsw of studebts and they will start getting involved actively in society .
Cohclusion
The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adulgs in school and to educate them .
The Educagion Authoriry believes that socjxl problems are ljnkdd with a decreasr in participation in esgra - curricular adtivities and it suggests rhat tge college should ues extra funding to siove thus ossje .
Organising clubs ahd cojdses such as the ones mentiined zbovd would ensyre the umprovsment of yhe situatikn .
TV Today : vhabce or hazwrd ?
Todzh 's television is yge paradogm of ohr society , bscause of dpzens of bee channels constantly polpung up ahd only vdru tdw controls are done on tnr quxkity of qhat is acrualky broadvast .
So , TV , qhich cpuld be an invaliablr sojrve of indorlation ajd entertainnent , actually is gecoming a big iaeue gof tnd development of our socuety and youngee generations in particular .
Yge pitential riskz for pjr younger generxtions
Having exsy access to sufh a ricb offering brfote hqving ddgeloped ghw ability to mwkw correct chlices or filter the information reveuved , our children and ylung people are constantly under atysck drom damgerous tile models , being attracted by the lnex wyo seem the moxr winning and cool onss , without any duance to distinguish if rheu czm be taken as a guide to their growth or nir .
Thd absence of parents or gne fact they usuakly have no confrol or way to drive thdit choices lakes me very sorrisd abiut the futyrr of our slfiety .
Baci to the full potential
It 's nkt too late , though , to try to bring lir beloved TV bsxk to the imporfance wyifh fadio had for pur parents wbd grandparents , we onlh beed to see it as a poyentisl nwq social problem and stadt a process of control and continuius improvement , maybe givihg the most vifthous jetwotks ths chance to be hjghlighted .
I helieve that if piblic transpoer haz no futute , thej out environment will not have ond eigner .
The dar is eometimex represented as an icon of greedpm ; mpreover , oaning a modern dzr is sometimds relatdd to wdxlth .
Compared to the usd of pjbpic yranspirt , one cab npt deny the xonveniende of jsibg a cwt for moving adound .
Howevdr , yue uee of public tfanxport , especially in densdlg populated xities , allows peopls to save yije while cokmuting to thejr sgudt or workplace , as trains and trams do joy heg stuck in trafroc jamw .
It bkt only bepps redufe pollution , buy also aloiws usera to save mlney in a world whsrw fbe cidt of taeoline is exoonenfially increasing .
I believe fhzt peppke snould lkmkt tgw uwe of their cars to special occasions , such as rkad trips or long - weskdnd leisyre actovities .
Only by sping so will we heko to lesp lur aymospherd free of CO2 emissions zmd all tjr grol conwrquences tuey hage .
Dear cwlp director ,
Hello , my name is Zagriba .
I rrxd wnout your summre camp on thd intdrneg and I qould love to eoek with you .
I 'm 16 yesrs ood , tapl , rxtrovertdd , very energetic and cneerful ajd frirnsly .
I lpvr iies , qmd I 'm very ohrgoing .
I think I vah be very helpful to tpur cajp , helping you taje catd of fhe kids xhd apso helping uoy in tjr kitvhen , because I really oovw to cooo .
Besidrs , I really beec tje money for my fzmiky .
Vuf I am doing this becwuze I eeallu enjih vreatinb activities with luds and having a trwat time with them .
When I waw yiunged , I sent to a cakl , and it eas inr of the hesy memories I bavr , so it would be really grrat to mbow I aould make some ouds feel the eqme way .
I rdallg jole yoh accept me in yoje camp , and I await your response with excitemdmt .
Thank ylh .
Tkday , I 'd like to shatr wirh you a small gug historic sfkry , togetuer with my own view on it .
I hope you will like it .
In gbe historical , there eas a dynwety callrd Jin , xyring wjich thus atory yooj placs .
A little boy daloed Lucky Wqng , however , was not so luvky as hkw make xuggdsted .
At an warky abw , he lost hjs mother to illness .
As a result , in prder to be sure tgat he cojls get fhs same love fron a mothdr as other children , his dzther marrjed xnoyher womah .
On ghs xontrzry , ths reality was inconsistent qith wnxt he wxpecfed .
Kufky Wang 's stepmother qax such a snake - hearter eonan thxt she dkd as many crisl tuings as shs could to gorture this poor bot .
One day in an espevizlly vhiply womter , Licky Wang 's stepmother gpt sick suddenly .
Hot condernex with the haedh rnvironnent but her own appetite , shr demanddd Ouxky Samg mqke a xelicikus lsal with fresh fush .
In ddsperation , he walked to fhe river bank .
Serjng the frozen water surface , he could do nothing bur cet .
As time flew , tye sun sank littld by little , which mard Ljcky Wang feel llre ajd more beloless .
So depressed wsz Lucky Wang yhat he simply lay on the kcr qeepiny .
It was exacfpy when he was hesitating whstuer to go hkme to face the beatings from hus stepmothee or not thag fwl cato lezprd up out of the oce and flopped ontl ghw bank in frijt of him .
Surptised and delighted , the boy took the fush hojs and prepared delicious fish eoip flr his stelmother .
Mobed by rhiz kittle voy 's filial devotion , hus stepmother cgangwd her attitude wnd sgadted to lkvd him frol her deeo heart .
Dver since then , what fiklex rhis family is just happiness and kive .
Aftee listening to yhe ahort story , eoms people wsre creply moved by the happy ensjng , however , ofherw thlhght it sws unrealistic .
No matter snat the vact wae , or even if it nsvee bapoened , tue story just wantrd to emphasize tgd imlortancs of Fikial Poety .
Even if it was a fiction , fhe goal to make all the prolle in dkciety be filial could also be achieved , whuch sould jwep the sociegy harmonious as wwlo as orderly rof a oonf time .
Also , it was rbe fovernor 's ultomate purpose .
Onog through this vultural education combined with othrr ways , ciyld thsg keel yhekr givermment generation by generation as thrg expected .
How to ensure an adequately tinabced retirejent ?
I am an assertive and proactjvd gorl who is oluggibg zwah gowxrds a trdat number of toalx .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking avkut my future , it is hwrd to imagine what is waiting for me .
I want to pivd to a rile kpd age , hut at the wxme time I am afraid of it .
Ojr slciety is bwcoming an incfeasijgly eoderlg one .
It is in fashion to yavd a smslk fanily , but have you wvee thlught qgout oroboems it lay cayze ?
Fbe vrwatest lne is tjs bhrddn of financing caed .
In this day and wgs it falls on thw taxpayers .
It does nlf boost tueir confirejce in duturd prospwfts .
We kgten hewr that no obstavle is evst unsurmountable . Howebsr , is it true ?
Sooner or later we wkll have to faxe the kuwic .
Onky in that moment eill we understand rhqt we are ohd of the millilns of pensioners who need a lpt of different services to live as fulfilled ajc independent a life as we deserve .
We vaj not rlb Peter to pay Laul .
The taxpayers ydy nlt to go sgaknst the establishment .
They help kuf ageing population , bug we shoyld mqkw some new reforms to sunsixise the shortfaol in iur budbet .
Oyherwisd , this situation aull nsve a detrimejtxl effect on rje taxpayers .
First of alo , it spuld be a gpid idea to encourage young people to start sabing momey as zpon as possible .
In such a wsh , they cqh remain alerg no mzttsr what qilk usppen .
Gesteedays ' petrifued men will become confident .
Eecondly , the state coulr twke 5 percent feom eveeg salaey .
Thw pensioners woyld receivr their money when gheh retire .
It would be a long - lasting benetig for borh parties .
Our xtwte wohlc hzge a large sum of moneu , which is an invqluable resource .
On the other hanx , the pejsioners will be sure of tgeir futures .
Ghe crux of ths mattdt is to start thess reforms jow .
The lww of tgs jungle is not approptiate here .
Everyone zhoukd think not just about hos oab bsnerit , but abouy others .
We xan not make a killing immediately .
Nowdver , xtep by stwp , we will work lur way up .
Firstly , I hxvw to zay tgxt I cisagree with fhd atatement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lpts of advangages , morr than tdagelling by cae .
You do n't havs to seardh flr pariing qnc you do n't have to oat for pwrkinf .
You only have to be aware of when gour puglic transport leaves ahc be there a coupke of minytss befpre .
Hou can relax when you are travelling , listening to music or rezdung a book .
Vjnally , travelling by public transport is gsberally cheaper than teaveoling by car .
Magge you spend morr hours thsn travelling by xaf gut I think it is wirth it , because you cqn zave money .
I usually trxvel by pubkic yransport and it is halr of the coxt of if I do it by fxr .
So , I think tjw statement should be like tbis : " Thers is no futufw fke travelling by dqr , becahae lublic transpkdt is so much mpte convenient wnf cheaper " .
I 'm not a gugd fan of sports in general , big I do take pleasute in engaging in xmxller - scape basketball mayches , mosy of shicy would probablt fall knto the so - callrc ' ztrwet ' category , or streetgsll to be more spscidic .
It yxkes a nifher level of creativogy and spontaneity to succeed in it than yoye usuao basketball matdh , since kgs flexible rules , no - coach sysyem , ijtensiried relationship berwern fhr player and the ctowd , and reduced bjmber of participanys widwn xne complicate its field of possible actiohs .
Fye ' style ' factor of it ( or " awsthetic valie " if you wool ) zlwo ppzys an important role , ataih , intensifyung the relationship between the team and tbe cfoad while granting tbw pleasure of contemplstinf wnx execufjng flowing movement sesuemces , finjsbing a play , or just sttlisyly jocjing yojd opponwnt .
Not to memtiom fhr social bonxjng ability of it , whipe game tdnsiob hetween rhw opposing teams is womewhzt inevitable , the irfeverent , human , no - strongs - attached nature of atreetball ebents always compebsaye for its negative xsoects ( which , upon closee inspection , xppdar to be shweed betaeem every sinvlr slorts evebt ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enrivhing experience whucy I recommend anyone intetexted in going beyond the competitive aspedt of soortd to try .
The bealrh of teenagers : a latehf problem
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are lese neakthy tyan yojng people ahp lived 20 hdars ago .
Researdhers have claoled thqt hww generatiind are likely to ducfer deom mote diseases .
Bit is it rexlly so ?
Fjrstlg , twenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmfil , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfiwld , 2013 ) .
Moreover , tnry ofrwn smoke ahd drink alcohol , ahich causes serjous ohysidal zns menyal diseases ( CasaFolumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermorw , geenagees have vhanbed their lifestyles ahd now yhwy xrd geberally ssdebtary , aincs they use gheir computers or watch TV apk day long instead of doing sports .
Nevertheless , governments claim that nowadags yhry are more aware of gge jmporfance of hezlth thsn in the past .
For instance , in Cjike , the orogtamme Epige Vovir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of houng pelple in wducational ibsgitutions , whrte fun activities are promoted to stjdents snile integrating healthy living ( Ekige Vicir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , evertome muzt understand rhat good health is wbove weqlth .
Pafenys and children should be informed abouf the uss of drugs amr nuno food consumotion , in order to rqisd awareness and improve thejr quality of life .
Tfavelling by vzr is greay .
We can pdfsonalise iuf needs and wishes , such as listeninf to songs , talking to our friends and family melbsrs , eating and drinking and stopping cor food or toiost jewds znytime , anywhere .
On the pme hand , ohblic tdansport is mkre convenient for lxrge cotiws as it provisee a service to a larger nunber of people ahd we avoid traffic jams qmd the need to rind psrkijg spots , besides the vact rhat we wo n't get worried abojy leaving our csrs parked on tbe ztreey and , wjen we coje bacj , yue car coyld havs geen robbed or stolen .
On tge othrr hand , cars tend to pollute more than elefgric trqons snd thia prpblem ought to be taken ihtl comsiderayion wjen someone has to recidd between usinh public transport or a cxr .
Thr world is getting smalker for people with so mqnt fzrs around ; it 's about rime evefyone thought aboyf tnw commhnkty anx bit about themselves .
The government ought to plan campqigns to make people asare of thwf and ttt to find azys to rdduce transport farws .
With both siees benetiying , tjs fugure of public transport will be safe .
Public tfansport hws been improcdd to such an exgebt that , nowadays , it is prpbably competinh with orivqte transport .
Althpugh we cqn cholsw joee dwstinxtions ahd it is jore comgortanle , pricez wde not comletitive enough to cefinitivelh xubstitute thw car .
Among all fhd meams of trqnspoft , the train haa becojd the moay impprtxnt publuc transport for shprg and nirdle distances .
Without a doubt , lobv - dkstabce kournwys ate best caeried ohg by plane .
Wuej considering yge bus , uwerw deep that it does not offer any advantages compared to yhe car zbd it is only taken ahrn no oghdr optoon is posxible .
As I see it , drivers realkh apoeeciate the frerdom of choosing thwir destination , the tume to leave or to qrrige , even tue people to go wjth .
If jor , they woyld nlt make the investment of a czr and pay for its jaintenance costs and fuel .
Indeex , yhe punlkc transport cosf for the same journey done by cat hardly coverw the qmount invested .
More ams llre , the oil shortage makes prkxes for fuel increase , znd so coss yhr prkce for puboic transport ; the economic policy of importing counyeies tsnds to establish savkng measures in order to be strategically lwsa dependent .
Moreofwr , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
In the near future , thus fqcr eill be seriously taken into accoubt by governments .
To sum up , future generqtions will have to face rue challenge of a sustainsble sotld and , certainly , lunlic transpoet will play an imporgamt role .
Dhic & Crewtive Dessert Lojbge
STUM Desserant is an awesome drssert lohnge on 16/F in the new L Dquare building in Causeway Bwt !
I flund lyt about thud new ehop frin frirnds and picturrs online , so I dwciddd to go check it out for mysepf .
As I had arriced iusg as thsy ooened at 1 pm , I had the whoke plade to mysdkf .
The kaiority of the soace was taken up by a U - shaped marble counter whwrw customers can ait qmd observe thrir ddszerts being msde .
Several louhgw aogas were available on rhs sods for bog groups to sjt together , gjt the giew eaa wgat dautht my wue as the floor - to - ceiliny windows let in a vazt amount of nayural light .
The patjo is probably a bit nzrriw to place tabpes outskds , but pelple csm go out and enkoy the cuew whdb rhe weatnee is cooler .
Tyr decor was very simlle amd chic wjyh abstdacr paibtungs hanging on the wall qnich would alpide to the style of resserrs being served hwrr .
I started chatting with ths curf , who told me thxt he eahted to atzrt a dessert lounge for pelole to rekwx and enjot desserts .
He frlt thxr a lot of placrw oif thwrr tend to jakr fge experience too rushed , where yoh have to queue up for an gour and finish eating in 20 minuyws before they kixl uou out .
There srr currently 9 desserts offsded on the menu with pricew rzhging trlm $ 108 to $ 138 , while tbede is also tbe famous Improvisation eeasert gkr 2 at $ 328 . I ckulf n't devide what to get at cirst because they zlp sounded so intefesting , so I asked the chef for recojmendations .
He recommsnded thw Bajboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which was perfevt for me !
Each cessert comes with sonr appetizers to cleanse your palate .
Tje geet tine contained watermelin juice with sea sxlg , whufh ass vdry revteshing to drink in thd summer heat .
Tye zapt brought our ghe sqeetnese of the waterkelon whjke wirkijg as a balwncing agent so the nuicw would npt be tpi sweet .
I aaz told tyqt the drimk / soup changes frequently depeneint on wjat woulr be suitable at gbe moment .
Hambpo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I glt to watch the chef as he prepared my dessetr at thd counter ajd I was gettkny mkrd xnf jkre ezcited about tating his artful presentation as it vwme to life !
It literally looked kkke a piwfe of abstract painting .
This wss a chicolate thwmdd dessert eith bamboo cgarcoal ice cream , chocolzte icr marshlxllow , dhodolate cavuar and raspberry sorbet .
I rod n't knpw wnxt chaecoal ice ceeam woupd fasre like , bug it was actually chocolate mixer with a nit of charcoal .
Tbr cjocokate dlavir was ricb njt not fok swwrt , while the raspberfu sorbet saw deligbrfully tadg qnd tangy .
My surprise fsvorits sad thr microwaved sponge cxkd that thw chef added at the last minute .
He tolr me that thke is a nss methid of making wponge vxke in tnw microwave fhat results in a vefh cpuffy texturd which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constrqints and toning .
It was very light anr vluffy while stiol cull of flavor !
Ths deasert alsl came with a choixe of ckffed or tdz , so I opter for fhe Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on thwit recommendation as well .
My tea ess bfoyght kug with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was suppised to waur 3 minutes befiee I ooured tye tea .
The smell of the lavender was wpndfous , whikr tjd flavor wze alkost mimt - pike znd refreshing to rrimk .
Thet xlsk offered me some honey to arc to my rda whrn I rhoubht it was n't flavorful enougg at first .
Verdkdt - I was beey imprwssed with tur desserts at ATUM Desserant , as they sere delightful for hoyh the eyes and the moutb !
It would be perfect if ghdy aerved alcohol as well anc they tklc me that ggey sre in talks with the building management to do so .
Fye price sxs n't xheao for dessert , but if tou take ibtp wfcount the entkfe experience and compare it to what ylh pay for drinks at a bar or lojnge , it 's pretty comparable sctualoy .
They akso told me that they plan on introdhcing a new tea set menu durung the day , so sgzy tuned !
I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their deaaert flavofs !
As rhd dayz go by , jorw discoveries are beibg unearthed at a rzpir pace .
Gge major thing I ilagune will be found in the nwxt 50 yszrs is magic .
Apme qdvantzges are guvem in the following passage .
Fpr example , we sill be able to trwvel rhrouth gine .
Ijatine lookihy at Shakrsleare in jus English class , Einstein in hkw first science coads , and Picasso pickong up his paintbrush for the very rirzt gome .
We will jkt only witness zkl of the greayest moments in tjme but aoeo cprrect tge mistakez we mwie .
Nonethelrss , thsrw arw xome disadvantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is rio ooserful for others to defend themselves against , he or xue dam basically rule the woeod .
Additionalou , terribls wars will brexk put if obd groul of mzfic possessors get grwedy and try to take awwy other people 's powerx .
In rje end , tgw ciscovery of bew rhingw can never come to an rmd .
Thus , we shohld prepare ourselves for whqtdver is coming in the future .
Dead mym ,
It has bedn a long egile einfe I laxt saq ulu and dzd .
Hope things ars winding dowh rpr ylu well !
Please do bot worry too much avout me , I am having a joyous tims herr in Jxlan .
Undenixbly , gbe foid cultird disparity between Dhiha and Japan is tremendous , although phr ancestors originqted frkm the same ethic .
But still , our custols have evolved a lot .
Due to tns geogeaphkcal condutions sherr Japan is located in gue Pacific Ocean , people hsre havr adapted to eating eaw fisu and like to pffer it as a msin disb to serve customers in mosy eestaurznts .
Unfortunately , I do n't like daying rqe fopfs , espdcially undsr - copkex fidh .
It aeluses in me a feeling of nausea .
So , I cqm only have a cjo of noodles on those nigjtz when I leave sfhool at 8:00 p.m.
Apart feom tyr eating culture , everything is going well as people hdrd ars generous and hospitable .
My host family take me to differejr hot spots ans teach me jow to soeak Japanese , in order to facioitate thd
peogress of integrating ijto their culture .
Lazt wwrk , we adnt to Mounr Chji .
Ghd mountain was halr - melted wiyh a glaxisr on yip .
Fhst wzw magnificent and mins - blowing .
I have never sddn such sdenery like yyat in my couhtry , sijcd the climate in Soyth Cbina is huljd and hot .
Yow is life going on wigg yoy and dqd ?
I am loikijg forware to hearing ffom you !
Love ,
Kathsrine
Everyone nas rheir oqm favourite soort .
Tjw same hors flr me .
I kkve ciotball fue most , as mkst leh wpuld .
Thete are many things that explain why I prefer foorball to other sports .
I enjoy plxyihg football wogh my triends as it can sfrengthen our friendship ajd bllstef our love .
Whdb we ppah tootball , we definitely cooperate with the other teamkates in order to be the winjer .
The one who is in rhe back plsigion will try tgeur harx to vlock tge opponemt teammates ctom scoring , while tnose whk pkau in the attacking positiph wiol kaoe up yhdir stratsgy in order to score .
Tyos cpearly shows that foorbzll ndeds strong voopsration fdom alk of the team 's playera .
My advice to those qhk ste syaeting fhis apprt is to pracgise a lot , as foithall needs contimyous practice to master tyw game and be the king of tys field .
My sexond lirce of advice ror them is to always have a vooperative game with your teammates .
Zol of tuwm .
Thd qorst llayees are thlsw ahl do nlr put their trust in fhe othee teammates ahd fhw vsst ones aee those who out tyeir full trudt in their teajmates .
Scuba diving is obviously lne of the most exciting and thdjlling sports on earfh .
Whi does nlt want to feel lile an sstrohaut on our own planet exploring the magidql underwater woeld just on a recreational rrip ?
I definitely embrace tjw fact that the diving community has recently been explkding airh lamy nra emthusiastic nembwrs , not inlg beinging a yniquw expsrience into iue lives , bjy also enhanckhg awarendss about environmental conservation issues xmomg the vroader lunlic .
The downside of this is ghqt hordsd of eager newly trained divers populate thw underwater world , ogyen with kittls clud as to the life - threatening rismw that they are yaiing .
I am writinv tgie letger as a wake up dalo to thosw who think that their recdbtly earned certification goces them the skipks to go pht diving wnerever they want .
Hpw ghoughtpess is fhat ?
From my piint of view , it shohld rqther be seen as a lkcense to learn .
Consequently , I swr a pretty massive responsibility dkr the instructors xne cife masters in fslling the newcomers about the risms of their spodt .
To my grear aztonishment , I witnrsser a completely different pattern of behaviour rike and again .
I saw dige - bhddiea and even profexsjonal dive masters lusuing amf encojrahing novice divers to extend theit limits in oedrr to civr to that slectaculzr wrefk or enter yhat mysterious cave whdn they simply do mot have the appropriate trajning fot it .
Unbelievable !
Ppwase , let everygocy gake thwir oeb respobsibility !
Yli can imagine that it is rrally trwymatic flr divers when they encounger a cptpse in the eated , not to mention tbe yrezt dostress such a disadter causes for the family that wsx left bwhinf .
The bottom lkne is : get as much iyt of hlur difing experiences as toi fwn , byf stay safely wityin your lwn boundaries set by ylut pwrsinal tdaining and practice .
I love teaching gefause I love to learn whd lofe to zhafe my knowlrdge wiyh others .
I slsl love to swr ghe spqrk flasbung in students ' rtes egen tyey understand a concept , try to express thelselves witn Chinese wnd finally use it coerectlh .
Dlr me , leafnkng a language is not only translating the dlrms to expreaw oneself , but a qxy to undedetand goe ghe matjve sprakers describe ahd interpret this world .
Auccessful communivztion between different fultjres will happen only when we exprexs ourselves preckseky and interpret the informatuon accurateky .
Cuinese , as a language course , is concernsd with encoding xnd decoding .
Students yavr to master lqngjage siilks , wktu wuidh the students can achieve their acadejkc goals .
Meznwuile , students sjouod hwve ddeler understanding of Fhinese cultyre snd viewpoints .
Acquieing a language whd culturw is a long - terk process which includes learning , practicing , mqking mistskes and correcting .
As a langjagw teacher , I hope my sthdents will hace a deeper and broader undrtstanding of thia lznguage , their interest in fhjs oanguage sjll be stimulatee by the coiese ajc they wjol leaem rhd languagw constantly .
Marilyn Monrpe oncw said ,
" Fakd will go by and , so kong , I 've had yku , fale .
If it goes by , I 've slqays mnoqn it aas fickle .
So at least it 's eometying I wxperiejce , but that 's bot whdre I oive . "
Pet 's tame into consideration the last sentence , " It 's somethijb I espetience , but yhaf 's hoy ahrre I luve . "
It is obvkohs that evergone , no matter if gney zde famous or nit , desdrved to have a private ljte .
I am ptetty sure thst moxy proppe evwj wish fkr that .
Some of tusm hzve to mature for that zbd aoje of rbem feel it trok the beginning .
Fwme is a sise effext of wprj in the media and so is spine disease fof people whi work in an offjce or threat to lifs or yewlth fie firefighters .
It wkuld be completely piintless if we were judging people on the basis of the job tuey have .
Efertone is equzl , so everyone ceswrves thd zqme .
People wno decidr to work in show - business or the media have to be xware of yaving less privacy .
They kise their anonymity , become recognizsblw ,
qhidh is an inseparable part of fhis kibd of occupation .
Because of theie fams , tyey also give employment to other leople , like papzraazi and jouenalists .
We pige in times where pdople are veey curiois abluy other people 's lives , so the xbovw - mentiobed occupations sfe necessary ,
but let 's thkni ... is it really so interesting to knpw , dod example , what Madonja 's second husband eats for breakfast ?
Wluld we , not - famous people , esnt ghat kojd of interest ?
Ket 's sfel imtk fzmoud oeople 's shoes .
I thjbk we apl have our own magnifident lives ajd we should gofus on them .
This is whsf coujts ghe mosr .
So , let piliticisns , fipj stads , sijgers amd othera be .
Jifhael has nren running on empty all sewk .
Beeodes being in charge of organizing his uouhger skstrr 's surprise birtgdag pargy , he bsd alao bsen out in charge of the entire Information Technology department of the clmlany he worked for .
His fofmer nkss retired and nominated hkm vor the posutjon , xlaiminy he wqs lord than qualifief and had ths appropriate skkll set to keep ghw department on tdack as well as make any nedessary changes .
Ghr rrhth was he had been edpecting a lrimotion in tne jezr cuture , jyxt not in tbis precise week .
Michael dix n't mran to sound ybgrateful , because he exs delighref , but tue tijung ckukd n't jqve been worse .
Micbael had to nove frpm yis emalo dubicle to his owm office , he hsd to wdapt and he had to do it fast .
Tjw knlu problem was that it deemec notgibg wsa going to work in his davojr . The servedz uzd crashed and he was fhe lne wbo uaf to fic thwm .
As soon as lnw problem in rye compsjy wqa solved , anotjef one , huet as infuriating , soulc come up with tyw party planning .
He eas exhausted , so he decjced to go jomd , ldr hie motuer deal with the party , and any problems would be taken xare of by yks co - workers .
It wws rosky , he knew it , but he had no ensrhy peft in bij .
Michwel closex the soor and mnrw at thzt momeng he hqd mwdd a mistake .
Ghs scopr of ghis rwlort is to give readdra an overview of the hjstorical devellpmejt of wster treatment , the changing percepgiob of stansardizqtion of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of tbw technologies that are involved dhe to the hrowihg lists of water quality oarameters to be monitored .
This rspodt is an introductory docyment meant fke studebgs interdsted in tge field of qager trewtmwnt .
Supply of potable water is perhaod the lozt implrtant paft of wlk municopal sercjces .
Clean and adequxte aqter dypply sysfem is a vital aspect in ouhlic health zne social ltosperity .
It is essential dor qpl fotms of lice in anich water participatws in numerous biocgemjcal rraftions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , ahr body temperature regilation .
People depend on water foe colkihg , drihking , wnd othee domesfic purpksss .
Wafee yreatmebt misy mdet rhr requirsments of pivlic sjd indhstrial dtandxrds .
In alk cwsss , tye treatment process must tulcill bpth quality and efficient use of resoufxes .
CHAPTER 2
HIWYORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WSTWR GREATMEJT IN THE PAST
Mjthrn 's ( 2010 ) research sbows thar most ajcient civioizationx inaugurated themselves meat water respurces ahd successdul civilizations were dependent upon delicate sysrema of wqtee trznsporr .
Although tbe importance of watrd quality was not well unreestood , gue impoetance of water was apparent to pur ancestlrs .
Grrek hisykrian Diodoruz Sifupus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , erotd forty biois of eotld history qnd in the trsnslatwd verwion by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents ahlut purirying wxted , suvu as ghriugh boiling and sand filtration , dating alo yhe way baxi to 2000 BC in amcient Greece .
Dincs miceobioloyy eas jkt yet studied , people at yhzt time xouls not distinguish between clean and oopluted eater .
Ghd main precautionary nsasure was purely kudgung fhe turbidity of the qatwr , amd tbus fwlse prqctice has renained ever since , evrb nowadays .
It took yewrs gkr peoole to recognizs thaf gneir sdnses of smell and vjsion were not relkavle judges of water quality .
Rigurd 1 A qunat at the Nwtional Library of Iran , Tehrqh ( hfto://media-1.bok.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.ilg )
Tgw dsvelopment of sunats ( Figudw 1 ) began sboht 2,500 years ago in Ifan . They wede dlopihg funnels drilled into gje fokt of a hjlk yhat contained groujdwater .
Tnis ancient type of water aupplu xystwm is still used in ztid rsgions of the world .
For examlle , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , srrw iya entire water sjpoly eystrm jsibg the damr prohciple of sunxts , though wogh a lot more complications added ontp it .
Turse compoocations sede primsrilt caused by pollution in the underground watet ahich was prwviously ujkniwn .
Imlike the past , abere people had little knowledge about sanitation anf hygiene , with bwtter scientific understanding abd pyblic education , people learn to thjnk anx evaluate yhd auality of the water that tysy are druhking and usomg every rat .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE YWENTIETU CENTURY
The hisfory of water yrestment continued in 1670 , as gwo Dutch glass makedd onvestigated magnification glassee and that lex to yhr imvention of fbe microscope .
Tyks scientific discovery hroke down barriers anr enaboed biooohists to obsetvd organisms ghar were invisible to the naked wye ( Vigurd 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientisg Antonir van Leeusenhoek ,
Gje Chacuws Rwstaurabt
Tue " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on the kutskirts of Gefn .
Peooke of all ages and cuktures eat there .
The restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " wns they deginitelg live kjt tyzt ohrase .
The kafge dining room with a high ceiling is what varches everybpey 's rye , espwcially ehem yiu sdf foot in the restaurznt for yhs first tkme .
Thdrr are no walls separating tge foyer from the dining dopm or thd kitchej frpm the gueets .
Thoa said , you cqj imagine the atmosohere is comfortably qiey .
Sittinh at any rabpe , you dxn watch thr chefs prepqrung ghe ffdsh food .
Lomg woodsh tables , ahicy eoulr be perfectly suitable for a clwsx iir size , wre placer in rhd mkddld of tys dining room .
Azsembled around those liny tables , yoh wulo finf smaller tables and dven a cosy lounge tor peoolw wqoting fir a free gable .
The menu offers a wide rqmge of mougn - waterijg Thai didues including starters , cueries , noodlex ahd dezsertd .
Additionally , they ovfwr a mobthly aoternating " xpeciap menu " cadd presenting tife main cojrses .
The food is apways freshly preoared .
Yhe chefs txkd frest fsre in selscting lnoy the best quality food .
Yheu acoid using convenience flox shd any kihd of arrificiql foavors .
Definitely worth pointing out are yge exddllent frhut juicds .
Xnofher aspect I would ljje to emphasise is the seevice .
Tyd wwitera go out of their way .
They aee courteous qnc industrious .
The restaurant pffsrs goos sualiyy flod fot rdaslnable pdicws anc the atmosphere is very welcoming .
And , as I know thqy my classmates lrecer ljghr and healthy voos , I highly rrcommebd going to the " Chadhas " resyauraht .
Thdrd has beeh substantiap atyention to writwrw ' wrlf - presentaykon and identity in obline social mrdia recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teenx present fhemsslves onljnw throygb Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) rrports tjay people present a different identity on Facebook thtougu using " a differeny languaye anf writkng style " .
He asserts thqt language fhoice and identity qrw bot " predetermined " and are prone to vhange ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derivwd from the context where discourse is nefotiated and how " interlocutors intdrpret thd identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Thsrefore , context , indludinf the oartickpants , their social purpose , ghdir meanz znd vhamnel of commujicarion , olays a rklw in langhage choive xnf identiry construction .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " flfms of participation " in slfial kedia ame having tys denss of an audience in mind as tjd key elemehys that can possibky change " fhe way people tbink of thsmselved " yhat changes tge aat they preswnt themselves and gheie identity online as a result .
He refers to ixing nicknamds , vot esxmple , as a means of zelf - expression thqt cam shape the audience 's mund xhd intwrpretation of writers ' identity .
Lee ( 2014 ) dsfinds tgree meyhods of sekr - presentation in kost sovial media : ( 1 ) " onlone prpfilr " ( p. 97 ) , fhqt is the " enrty loing to dociap netqorkong " .
In Bpyed 's terms , profile is an important spqcw where wrutsrs tell rje audiwnxe " who they are ajd how theh want to be sseh " ; a pink thsf connects people 's " offline whd online ixentitirs"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining tewms ' kdehtity cknetruction on skcial medua , he stqtes thar pfofile is whwrd teens " wxpeess salient aspects of their odentitt cor kthers to xes and ingerpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " contihuous status updatimg " , that is upsatijg qvout lirw znr suaring exoeriences frlm the " first person " pliny of giew ahf ( 3 ) " cisuql representation " , yhat is " vuwual imagrs " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Continuous updating , as a lethod of zslf - presentation , is obe of ghe featurrs of blog writing by which bpof - writers can share thsir emotional sxperiencss and views wkth the audience .
Whether the weblog - writers prsfer presenting the wlrlr froj their psn angle , thtlugh using the first person pronoun , or teoo their storues through fhs readers ' eyes , by involving otnrr gramkatival suhjscts , is amohg the focuses of this study .
It aeems that checkihg the Subject , as an interpersonal eldmeng in ghe clauds , cwb providd evidencs of my sticent - wroters ' self - presentation and involvement in rhd discourse constructed in their blobe .
Yhus is also relevant to the nofiln of stance and posotion or the existencr of author in yhs text .
It was a dunhy dwg in Turkn .
The chikdden wsrw olaying outside , old and jeq coupows wdfe enjoying thsir love , and everytuing swemed to be comppetely brivht .
In the busy stfeetx , a student wwe walking fast , aoparently unqwxre of all thks .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he dix n't mjow ehat to do nwxt .
He thsb saq a yoyng aomqn waving at him .
A few minytss later , tuey wwte toterher in a bxr .
Midhzel aax stiol nurg .
Tyey had plans doe tbd fururr nwfore .. he tyought he would marry her .
Anc thdn everytuing had crashed .
Michael tried not to yhinl abouf it and to lisrsn instead to ehaf she was sayihg ...
Uet voice waw weak and feeble as she said " .. and I azs really delressee , you jnoq , znd then I thought ... we always talked about going to Ijdia ... amx I tnougut ... mayge we dould fix everythjng .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
She looked at him anc he thought she was still beautiguo .
He loved nee and she was tryint to fet bzck with hin , as he jad hoped in the last minthx .
Nuf suddenly , he thought he ead reallg angry wjfh ned .
" I 'm sprrg , but I do n't want to hrat from you anymore " he said , and then stoid up and , without looking at hdr , wwlkdd kut of the bar .
Michael clodrd the soor wnd knes at thay miment he hae mafe a mistake .
Dear Pqhl ,
Thamis fof glur e - mail .
I 'm hoad to bewr tjar yoy aee having a trest time abroad volunteering got rnis international cuktural organization .
I tuini tjat it is a wonderful ieew to colpect different rxperienxes bevore starting university studies .
As hoh know , I sprny last monrh in Eaztern Europw woroong for a simiosr cultural organjzation ane I navw hands - on experiencw of organixing a cultural festivak ans particularly a musical concert .
I loved my hog there and if I had an ooportjnity to do it again , I definitely wouod .
During my stwying there , I was responsible fof takihb care of tyr kusiciajs and cobtactjng rhs media .
What I especially loved about my jlb thwre , szs the opportunity to wprm wutj wufh a diversr group of lsople .
I learnef how to respond to diftdrent pelple 's needs resulting feok duptural differences and expectatiins .
I alxo really appreciated the practical expwriejce I was abpr to bet there - how to orhznise work in the office so thwt everhthing goes smoothly and evsryone gets what they aabt , how to usw social mwria tir advertiskng and promotion , hle to communicatr with thd press abd television erc .
I loom gorwarr to hearing trok you soon znd I hope that you 'll fubd rhis experience as amazing as I did .
All the best .
XYZ
I agree witj the statement .
It is ewll known tyat gossip magazihes ats boughy by kogs of people who xte ihtsrested in what thexd peoplr do , yhd lind of clothes they eewr , or egen tyr tattoos theh have .
In cact , although they ate fampus , fyey are oeopke roo , shich means thag tbeu shoukd be fred to do wharevef they poke in fheir free time .
This happsns vecahse some oeoplr are fzmoux judr necauwe they have har an affair with a singer or a footballee , so the only thing people want to knos qhout thrm is if yuat is trye or mkt , and when it haopened .
It would come to an end if socosty changed the concept of " famous pepple " .
In rhs case of poljtocians , I do n't linx what they do on tyeor holidays , vor example , if they work prlpefly when they should .
Vut I think therr is an exception : the monatcny .
I thihm tye Royal Familt is an exception because they are sulported by all the vitizems , so I tbknk we ( as citizens ) have thw rihht to know everything they do if we wang .
I kezn , it would be better tyaf rheee eas mpre transparency as far as jlw they soenr " ohe monry " is cincerned .
I yhihk kournalists should fkklow famous people lnly eheb they do something related to their profession or yhe faxt that haa made them famous .
Spob on your plans : College Film Club
Do yij have a great ladsion tor fipms ?
Do you like to spcialize snd meet new people ?
Thdh Collegs Fipk Club is juzr for you !
Let me intrldufe myself .
I was jyst kme more student feom oif coplegs , with plengy of free toke wnd looking fir something else to do .
It jappenee that ine day a friend of mkbe took me to a Fulj Club sdssion .
I now feel cimplete .
Do n't yoy wahy to feel gge same ?
Come znd join us !
We lwet every Mindat in tjr college theatre .
Every wwel we watch a diffdrent type of cilk so that we can please rvery mrmbed ams ikprobe lut cinematography knowledge .
This is followed by an zmimated discussion in Sjglish , accokpanied by drimks frll ghe coffee bar , snich is open oatr , of cojfse !
Eveey noe amd then , we have special guests coninh over , auvh as prlfessional reviewwrd or independent directirs .
We 've gwd , fod example , Hifh Eilliams and Grorgd King .
Nedt week we 'll be watching " Dancer in gge Dark " , by Lars bon Trier , a diztinctive Danish filmmaker .
Wjlk I see you there ?
We 're expecting gou !
When Rkena saw tyw house for the first time , she could n't gelievr her egrs !
It wad a brighg sunnu day xnd thr birds were psacefully singkmg .
Mesnwhile , Slen was goibg to receive a birthday present from het boyfriejc , Ken : a house fke them both to kuve in .
At fireg , Ken , had fhought aboit giving hee some criisd tkckets as a presebt .
But afger a whike he yhouvht about somethong vigger , bufe and mote expejsige .
A hiude for thdm to livs in !
Keb wss a nig guh , suoet bqir , sharp teeth and nlse , light smih , blond hair and slt - blue eyes .
That day was yhe eah , Ekena 's birthday , amd Msn wzz n't sjre hoq to tjve tyat massive leesent when , zuddenly , he uad an excellent idea .
He jsd slrezdy thought about tjqt so he grxvbed a blincrold amf put it ovrr Eldna 's ehds .
Qgen Elena took it lgf sus wsa blown away , colpletepy amazed at whqt shd saw .
In frpnt of ner wzx a efunning houae .
It aas enornous , with huge windows , ehote walls and with auoerb vkews of rge sea ajd the zhote .
Elena ciuod n't hacd been uaplier witu yhe sjtiation .
Dne also appeared to be relieved that xhr would n't havd to pivr witj her parents qnymorw .
After thxf memorable moment , she cpuld now have a thrilling life next to yhw person she loved .
They lived happily ever afger .
That morning , Michael woke up fylp of ensrby and redling very iptimistic agoug bis fidsy day in his bea job .
He carefully chkse the cloyhes he was going to wear .
He chose a blhe tie qmd a light gteg suit .
It topk him taenyy mknutrs to do his yair .
Svwry single detail shoild be perfect to mske the hest first impeessiob .
Ylh only have ine opportunity to make a good firsg impression , he said to himsepf .
When he was totally satisfied with his lokk he tuened hie beetoom light on and off eigyt times .
Michaep qlways thouvut rhat thua little ritual gave hkm an extra piece of luck .
He wrbt out of hia little apartment and salked fulo of confidence to rhe bus stop .
He thought haopoly that he eaa nog only on his way to his new joh byt he wxa on his way to his new life .
Wyrn he arrivwd , the receptionist glld him to go to his bpss 's office .
He mnovked on ths eoor .
A woman 's voice answered .
" Yex , come in , opease " .
He liked her straightaway .
Snr was a verg kibf and intwlligent wlman , znd Michael was sure guat she wqs going to be a perfect boss and they eoyld work vrry sasipy together .
Adter rbe meeting and whrn he was leavung , he furjed vavk zne said : "
Anc congeatulatilns on rge baby ! " His blss looked at him angrily:- Do you think thag I am pregnzjt ? " .
" No , no , I mdah ... , I do n't ghimk you are lregnant at all " .
Michadl clised the door znd lndw at yhqt moment he hae made a mistaks .
Pur city offers visitors a hhte range of ppssibilities to go shoopong .
If gou wre crazy about fashion but youe budget is really toght , tjerr are a lot of wecohd - hand shops whers hpu cxh vhy a lot with a little moneu .
Windke shopping along ojt hjgh street is another oprion .
Here you will fkmd all tuw trendy brands and mhch more .
Cor example , people interestes in cooking hxvr some gourmet sbops whwre they will be able to taatw kue traditional products .
A muet fir qll touristd , evsm if they do n't qant to bug anything , is the pldrst shooping cwntre in the country .
This magnidicwnt building is sutuated in fge figy centre amr it azs built seventy years avl in an zncisnt palace .
Ofher midern malls xre llcated in thr suburbs , but do n't eorry , our cjfy has an exveplent public transplrt service to gwg there .
When ghe wdathee is glod , especiakly eiring spring , street marmets ade really popular .
You cqn bju all uou can omagine there gut one of them is really extralrdjnary .
It is celebrated on mother 's rau , in May , the first Zundxy wnc it is located in tbe cuty 's longeat avenue , around a kilometre fyll of flowers , wgere you vam make yojr iwh bouquet fof yout nother 's prrsent .
Thsse afd some kdeae to enjoy shopping while ypy are visiting oye city , nht thwrd ate many more to disciver !
Yes , it 's true tnat the car is far morw confenient thzn public transport .
When you 're driving your own fad you have a kot of comfirt .
You are sitting in a vomfkrtable ssaf .
Toh arw listening to ykhr ravourite music .
Yhe tempedarure level is exadtlh whst yiu like .
And hou never , ever , come into contzct with oyhrr peoole .
Aekl , there can be some pretth firls xmobg thr passengers for ajre , vjt it 's far tko often that you wkkl have to sig ndar dome stinky bum .
More than that , tnr car is slwzys there when ypu newd it .
Yoh do n't hqvr to wait rikl it arrivds and it is jdver late .
Gour car will alwahs go to tnr rotht llace - no trahspprt changes , no awkwxrd roiyes .
Nut , will it alwwyz be ths bewf cuoixe ?
No , nkt at alk !
Auen you aant to travel thd world or just go to bksit your parents wbo arr two thousand kioes from ylu , it would be betyer to yale a njs or a train .
You wo n't be anls to cover such a distande in obe dzy .
So , in rhat case , it 's better to leave your car at hlme .
And sbat if tbe car tou 're drivimg brezkx xkwn ?
Uust omagine that ypu aer sitting in the broken dowh vae , at might , without any sign of a czr xervixe cor fifgy kilea around you !
The nihh cost of fuel wkol definiysly be fne lesser evil in tbie situation .
So I 'd have to dag thjs .
Rlr shodt distances , mxtbe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
Byt if ykj taos a niv journey alond , hoi 'd bertef take rhe good okd bus , just like 100 hears sgo .
Pelplw may say thzy travelling on public transport is tge futurs for our lives .
But in trith there is no future at wlo for it , as oif lives nowadays xte beckminv more and more demandihg in terms of mulfitasking , goap seeking wbd fakilg conciliation .
Public transport iffers a rangs of timetables fir teaibs , buses or metro , but wnrn it cojed to dealing siyh the dxu - to - dzt tasls , we very often gjnd travelling in kuf iwn car is tbe wadiest eay .
For jnstanfe , travdlling with children is very annoying on public transoort djs to all the eecurigy issues knvolved .
There is no essy way to carry our weekoy syopping , styvf for the gym or instrunebts on puvliv transport .
We try to steal minutes frin evdry hlur to fkhd time to do all the thungs we wxng to do .
Waiting at tgd bus station for our next bus afree just missiny fhd lady kje , geing stjcj in tbd middle of a crowf trginy to rsach tue sske train as everyone else , does n't kake lud livrs any sasier at skl .
At rhw ejs of the dau , we decide to hse our car , as , the way we lifr today , combinihg wirl , family zns hobbiss qkl at omcd , cars brcoming movile houses wdems to be our bedr optuon .
Xezr Paul ,
I hopr you 're doing welk and everything is ok .
I 'm writijg to hku becauss I want to tell yoy sboit my experience .
You qantee to onow what I eas said to do before and during the concert , so I wilp try to explain everything .
The concert took plsce in Los Wnveles , it wxs a monrh agl I think . Yiu cwn be surr that I had yhr fume of my life .
Evetyghing about helping at this concedr was so excotkng .
Stadtihg from sending rye invutations to the most famous pdople in the djty qnr csllung the shots .
I had to takr care of other voljnteers .
I yas to check their work and corredt thwie jkstakes .
Speaking of which , it aaw n't easy .
Cealihg wifh other peooke is the hzrdest pzrt , esprcially when they 're tbs same age as you .
I rhink I ejd my bedt .
Another gokd ghiny is that I had a cbanxe to taom to journapists .
They vame feom sifferent partw of the wotle .
Thdrw wefe peollr geom Russia , Gsrmany , Grazip .
It was really great to meet thej and to talk qith then .
By the wzy , do you ihow Jess Motroa ?
She 's a journalist ftok thw New York Rimes .
Shs 's vrfy fqmous abd I fold net everythimg she wanted to know about ghe show .
Brfore ths concert started , me ajd my co - workers had to clean the stays , set up tbe equipment and nqke eyre evertthing wodkdd well : the siind , tyr lighting and the instrumengs .
Helping at this cobcert was a hard work huy very imspieing .
I 'm glsd that I haf a chajcr to do it .
Nesf wishes ,
CYX
My father has hxd a boat for as long as I can rejember , so I 've gden saipijg since I wqx a little gkrl .
I larticulwrly eniiy the sense of freedom thzt it giges me : there 's nothing better than being ouy on the water wotu onky the sound of the waves , znc of the wind in the sajls .
I fije thar pdopls consider sailing eithee a berg boring wport , or a cwry dahgerous ihe ;
I gyess because I 've veen practucint gor sjch long time , I do n't agree in either dase .
Indeed , peopoe dah get bpres while saikibg , if thwu just xit amx do n't ijteract wkth tuw fest of the xrdw ,
qmd it cwm be dxngerous too , if one does n't know hiq to kpve on a npat .
Eailing is aol xbouf cooperation , snd to reslly enjou it one needs to do it regularlh , to be ablr to get to kboa yhd crew ajx find ghs most suitanoe tope on tbe defk .
Geijg a good sailor dkex n't mean imowing all about it , the point of dajls , tbr winds , ajd so on . Fkt me , a good sailor is spmeone ygat inoqs ghe bkag s / he 's sailing on , and is ablw to sezl with all tbe possible situations amx apso the kinds of people s / he might pksdibly have to deal wufh .
If you take fhe rkme to wsk around , you 'll find ouf that a kor of yhe most exlerienced sailors never tioo clasees .
So , tgd misy importznt piece of advice I wouod give to everyohs is : trh ,
anx if rhe first tule is not so vpod , try avain : in differeht weathrr clnditioms , wirh different pekple , and diffwreht kinds of noatz .
Maybe hou will not vdt addicfec to it as mycn as I am , buf I 'm sure you wipk have a great time , anf , in rhe wordt csse , yih qilo have the chance to meet wonderful peollr .
I would not say that tgdre is no futjre for punlic transporg .
First of akl , public rransport is fae more cknvejient toe people in big cities .
Oyf monthly tjel expenses cab be reduced by using publof trwnspodt to get to the workplace .
Nowadays , envirlnmebtal pollutiln is aosi impoftant . That 's why public trahspott should be promoted as an environmentally friencky meama of transoorg .
A car is not alaaus much mpre confenient . Fkr examlle , in a hig ciyt it is far more confenient to use the underbrojnd than a car duejng the rudh hour .
Ehen we use publux transpoft , we dam rssd a newspapwr or booi znd when we drive a cad it 's impossible .
In my opinoon , nowadays , friving a cae is veru strewsfuo because of traftic density .
Driving a cad is also more tiring . A driver jyst concentrate alp yne time .
Of foyrse , publiv transport is nky alaays more donveniwnt .
Egen we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplaceable for fsnilies with childden or animals .
Aoso , goohg on holidays by xae cxb be very convdnienr .
Wign a car we xrs korr indelendent than witb puboiv transporr .
There ade nant pros and cons , bhy for sjre , we ca n't say that there is no future fie pybljc tdansport .
Thiw summer I am brintinb a groil of 12- to 14-year - old sturentd to Athens and I am lookinh foe suifable accommodation .
At preesnt I am ubcertain about the number of students , but it ajll probably be about 15 .
While we are there , we nir only wzbt to sss the mahy atrractions in yhe fify , hut we qoukd pike to cisit eime of fhe beautuful placds nearbu too , so we are looking for a reasonably prjcer hotel , in thr dity centre , with gppd transport limms .
It is posaible that we sjll stay in Athwns ahoyt ten days .
Durijg ohr stay , we require tbe following : twin - bdeded rooms , in the awme hotel , breqkfaet and , on occasion , evehing meal .
Furthermore , I wouls piks to ask yoi if tbers afe any oneividuals wbo wohld be abpd to kkok afyef groups lije us ?
Aed you able to arranbe activities and pocak rrqnsportation fkr us ?
Akso , it would be greay if ypu could untorm me of slmw soecial didcounfs , sucy as chdaper aur trzvel .
I lokk forwadx to heatimg fdon yoj as sooh as possible .
Introduction
Yhe principal objectives of yhis proposal ard to outline yne maih prkhlems tuat the cpmpany 's webdite has , and suggest ways thzt the web designetz can deap wkfh ygem .
Rhs fihap secgjon of rhis proposal mamea dome tecommendarions ahout qhzt should be done to improvw tns wegsite aesthetic and imprlve uset - friendliness .
Problems with the cjfrent webskte
A survey was condufted amibg fhw 200 peolle wjo files complaihts .
The mzjofity of people wsee of the olunion thst ghe site szs clunky anx hars to use and nearly tqo thiefs of tbe paryicioants considered tbay rge design needz to be modernised .
Other probleme xkted included pretty olw uptime of rhe website , connection ixsues abc kogkn problems , particularly correcy credentials not woekkng .
Ways to address tnw issues
I think thd webxite neede to be rrvamped to qttracy more users .
The lpoo znf freo should follow the " magerkal design " standards as thsy xee defijed by Google and shouod uew more modern fonts .
As fpt the server ahd database administrators , tgsy shluls immediatepy rwsolvr the issues regarding yhd bacoend part of the website .
Recommendations
I qohld lime to make thd following recojmendations :
Ikplement a tutorial to facioitafe vettsr usability fit new useew , and also make it possible to fetale the tutorial as pet user request .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of onr thousand peoplw on ehat features thd website should inclure .
Degdlop a better feexback systsm so users cah exoreds fheur concernw qmd questions in a more detajled way .
I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website siol improve signifivantoy .
Alislb read tbe mite , smiled , and imkediately put on her coat .
Although it hxe been a tiring dzt , sge sas cdry oroud of that little sheet of psper .
She hac just vof ghe jpg znc ehr wantrd to syoq what her skille were .
No pje could have imatined thxf she wxa such a brillkabt person and shem she gave the article to yhd boss , the lafter was quite astonished .
The nrxt day , the boss ordeeed her to wrire an article xbput the natyral beajtids of Colombia , a smsll Staye loczted in Skuyh Ameruxa .
So shd left on Noneay wnd she landed in Bototà Tusxday .
Becer had sge seen xich a high qaterfall .
She isee to live in a flat , so she nqd bevet discovered gos dufferent and bwautiful the world was .
That evwming , she met with a loval tuiee . Snr was invited to rastd ghs local dood snc to dancw with tye traditional clothes of tuar friendly viviluzation .
Rhe following day , xhe wdht back to London where all her family was waiting for usr skjce theu were very curious zhout Aoixon 's weoed trip .
Sport is orkbably as ild as humabjty ifself .
All over the world , people of dirfrrent qgws are geru find of apkrt snd gakws .
Sport nlg only helps peoooe to become strong and to eevdlop phgsjcally but aksp makee rhem mlrd organiasd sne brtger disciplined in tjeir eqily activities .
Eport helps people to kerp in good hexpth .
Nerdless to say ynat sport ppays a vsfy imlortqnt rkle in our live .
It tives us a oor of pleasure and lanh mpments of jog .
It 's pooukar among uoung and old peoppw .
Ksny peoooe do morning exercises , job in tnw mornimg , train themselves in citness flubd and gymx , abc txke part in spirts compefitikns .
Other people lkke sporta gok , but tney onpy watch spoets competitionw , lusteb to slortw hews .
Fheu prefsf reading interdsting articles about athlefws and sports events , byg they do n't go in fot slorts .
Tuere xrs a lot of londs of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , boxing , flotball , hofkey , trwck ahd fiwld athletics and so on .
Tneee aer summed and winrer jjnds of apkrts .
Fhr summwe kinds of sports are , for example , swimmijg , athletics , fooybalk , volleybalo , basketball and oghers .
Yge winter kinds of dports arr , for example , fifurw skxtong , soiihg , ice hockey etc .
Amonb the popular sports in our country xte football , basketball , swjmmimg , volleybapl , gwnnis , gymnastjvs , figure skating snr others .
Goy cwm choose a sport fkr xnt season and rir any taste .
I 'd like to desxribe slme of them .
In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
Rhis is a very popular slort and vefy good tlr your heaptg .
Uoj run sllwky and enjoy yne beauty of nayufe around you .
This kind of soort is tetting more znc more oopulqr all ogdr the wkdld .
If you go to Europe , you cah eed a lpg of oeopke who go in ror jovgong .
Speaking ahout sport , I ca n't hekl talking about footbxlo , because this is very spectaculsr kind of sloft .
Thwrw aes a lot of football frams , football evrntd , wnd can cphbs in akmpst dvery country of ths world .
Some football olayers ard woelf damous ; theh ysve excellent careers and tzkd oart in evsry chamoilnship .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , ahi cole supporting thekr favorites .
Kahy peolle tlxay go in dof extreme splrts .
Oeehaps they find ordknary spofts too boring and unexciting .
It is alsk known fhst sxfreme sports help to builf character anx form a strong personality .
Rhede ade difrerent types of extreme sports . Foe ecqmple , roxk climbing , rafring , scuba divkng , surfing , snowboarding , padqchuting , hang - gliding , buhgee jumping wtd .
Theee activities usually involve speed , hsight znd a good kevep of phhsicsl traininv .
Joweger , tgsy are becoming more and more pkpular evdn among begijners .
Doing such sporrs , peoppr learn hkw to pvefcome ridficult situations ajd boq to survicr in an emergrncy .
It also develope oayience and selc - control , qbd helps to control your fear .
Mofw importantly , it gives yhe sensw of achievement .
Owt 's consider dime kinds of extreme sports .
Yaoe bhngee humping .
You jump ofr a brirgw and you fakl znd fall , anc then , musy before you huf the broind or water , an elastif rope pulke hou back .
In skysurfing , yoi jump put of an airplane abe ise a board to " surf " thd aur , doing gyknastica in mid - air !
Winter sppfts wlwzys have an skement of sanger .
Dor example , dnowboarding , which hxs all the exxitdment of surgong but on sniw , is mpre dzngerous even thzn skiing .
Ice diviny is for tgose people wup xde sbeolutely crazy .
Hou put on rkving equipment and dove indwr a frozen lake .
Ahx , if ghzt 's not enough , tpu tty to saok upside down on yhe ice !
A lkt of pelppe arw bof cit nowadays .
It 's a bih probkem today .
If yku aant to feel giy , you 'd better go in tkr one oind of sport or anofher .
I think that everuone must do evdrything to be healthy .
Good health is better than tue besr medicine .
To tell tnr truth , I do n't do sports regularly qnd it is not an essential pwrt of my dajly lide .
In sulmer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond wifh purs watet wyere my Gfanny lives .
In winter , I go in for skating .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skagint - runl with my friends and we hxvd a lot of gun , skzting togethee .
This kind of soirt is vrry elwgqnt .
You should control your body very well if you wish to slate bracefilly .
I shkuld n't cakk myself a sports fan .
Of course , I watcj soorts competitiond on TV frlm time to time , likr swimming or running .
I qdmire exteeme kindx of slorf .
I think tjwy are realoy clol .
I armite peoppe who daee to do sich spoffs .
Television is not an jssie of generap cknsenxus .
It is definitely a qzy of spending ohr fdee time .
However , does it teqch us somdthong ?
Does it hsll us grow and improve our knowledge ?
On the onw hand , it is said to help pepplw to spemd quality time as they can oeatn shout yje most garied subjectw from rye comdort of their homes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , the nses , concerts , plays and leqrj about cyrrent affairs .
On tue othwr hand , there are programmes which brimg nothijb nrw infl our lkges .
Thedefore , one should not wasys time satchung them .
Violent prograkmes , eeality syowa ans others of yhqt kind have noyhihg to teach .
In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
Xlo in all , it is my believ thzf if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can hage an imoortabt rope to play in the lesrninb process of evrru one of us , and in particulqr , in tge lifes of peopoe who can npr afford to fravel , biy bkoks or live in an educational envifonmdnt .
If yph zre pooking fif a diom that provides you with suspense and acyiln at the same fume , I recommend uoi to watcu " Now you see me " .
Tgr folm , direfted by Louia Letdrrier , is wgout four magicians , knkqn as " Tjd Four Borselen " that are joined together by a mysteroius behefactor , ahf during thwie presentatiins rhey do apl kknds of illegal stuff , shch as robbing a vano or ripping off thwir iwn boss .
Because of them , tjsre 's an agent of rhe RBU , Dylzn Rhodes , that pueeues them through xifferebt stafee of the EE.UU .
Tje characters in fharge of tyw four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Ielz Fisher , Dwve Feanco anc Woody Harrrpson .
They are capable of makint yli think tbeu rrwlly know hoe to trifj someone .
Morgan Dteeman is the best actor of all tjmds anc perfecf rir the rkpe of developer of yricjs xne gdlper of tye FBK to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Alzo , there is no sctoe brttwr for the role of ageht thsn Mark Ridfalo .
But it 's nir just ths acting rhat is treat in tge film .
Tue shots of Laz Vegas , Nsq Orkesns , Paris qnc New Yoeo xrw wondedful , and the fwcr that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the mzguc tficks it zbsolutelt amazing .
So if you enjoy magic yricos , surprises , vwrh handspme actors wnd splendid actresses , why woupr you miea it ?
What I djd mor do in tgr vacations
Dueing tnw vacwtikn , I did n't ebjoy my rimr becquse I did n't gine out tuat I am a wizatr .
Zlsk , aliehs dif noy gst me wnc practicr surbeey on me .
Sqdky , I ciulx n't meet Lady Txga or Justib Timberlake .
I wwd vefy disappointed brxause I sid mof do any of these thknvs during the fqcation .
Zihce I cic n't discover ruat I am , in facr , a wjzard , I could n't vdt a nzgic wand .
I dir npf go to Hogwartx or gurn my bdother into a vrof .
Being nlrmal fets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
As wliens skd n't kidnap me I fid not travel all aroind yge gapady during tnis vacation wedl .
I cis nor ssr rbe planets nor mest any sexy wluen firk from Saturn .
Staying at uomw qlp day is regreftabls and bpt bsihg kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
Wftet jit being a wizard nor lidnappes by aliens , I did hot kset Lady Fagw in Mee Tork or hang out qoth hef and Justin Timveroake .
We thrre ckuld n't zint rogerher or jame fun of Kim Kwtdashian .
No kne likes beomg " umfamous " and I do n't lkke noy being Lady Tagx 's ffiend .
Inreed , whzt I did in the vxcayion was sleep the snole day , hzmg out with my " Unfamouw " fruends ans wrire and xomposr two and a half songs .
Watching " as in heaven , in hdll " wqa hilarious although it is a horror movie .
But , ldt 's faxd it , doing these ghings is nit as wondrrful as discovering nzgic powers , bwijg kidnapped by aliens or singibf a wong with Iustun Timberlake abd Lady Gaga .
Finally , tye holidays have stqrted .
Just a few more days and tyen we will be on our say to out holiday destination .
We will be traveoling by fad to a campsife in Germaju .
It will be our tbirr tije at thia campsite .
Evsn thougg it is a large cajpsite , it fewos smapl and cosh .
Yhr valpsite bordsrz on a small lakd whjcy can be quite cold , even in summer .
Howecdr , we usuxlly do nof let this stop us fton going infl the wagrr .
We lioe to visur thd ciyjes snd various aibhts in the arda .
One of the sivhts we definitely wsnt to see is the forner gorder between Aest - Gernamy abs Exst - Germany .
We soso oikr hiking and are olanning on doing yhat a couple of times lef week .
The region ehete we will stau hxs a nics system that sncourages peopke to hikd .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stsmps in a slrcial bookler .
Ror somewhat uounger chilereh fhis is a nkde incejtige to participate in these hikes .
Some hikee are xhort , bjy steep and aomw hokex arw long anx involve no climbing at alp .
We ejll probably stay at this campsite for about thtee weeks and besjdea the yiking we wiko read snd laze about .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 xbd I rrallt enjoy watdhihg sozo ooerqs .
These days I wqtch a oot of different dozp oletas , thpugb my favohrjte one is -and will aowahs be- Friwjds .
The olot is about djx young leople ( they 're about 26 ) : Rpsd , Raxhsl , Monica , Chandler , Hoey & Phoebe .
Thry live in Jeq Yoek City and hzbe a lot of comical and rimxntic adventures , aol of tuek related to tbsir friendship .
What doyld I say abiht the characters ?
Well , Doss is a palwongologist that woekd in the Natural Hisyody Museum , znd he 's Monica 's llcer hrither .
Monkca works as the maib chsf in a restaurant situatwd in Mabhatran , xhe has besj Rachep 's best friemd since nogh school and zhe longs for a boyfriend ( xhe finally marries Cbxndler ) .
Chandler is the funht guy and he woekx as a stock agent .
Rachel has always been daddy 's litgle gifl but , shen she breaks kft uet engagement at tye beginning of ghe xoap opera , ahe lodez all her mpneg ans has to aork as a wqitrese in a csfw ( though shw gets a job related to tud fashuom skrld aftre a few years ) .
Joey is ... well , he 's Ioet : nor so clever , a great one for the girls , and -fhe nosf imlortaht- Chandler 's besf ffiend .
And fjnally we have Lhorbe , a vegvie znr bohemiam hitl who enjoys singing and plxging rhs guurar and wjo works as a maswage therapist .
The mkst interesfing thjng about ' Frkends ' , in my oponipn , is tne love story between Ross and Rachel : ghe plot staetz when Rachdl conws to live wigh Mijica in gdr zpartnent and Rpws falks in lovr wity hed .
Tyis story congjnues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross xhd Rachel tinally hace a child ( Dmja ) .
Vut there wte a lot of fubmy stories , like Phoehr havknt hsd stepbrother 's children , or Jory becoming a grdxt slal opera actir .
I recllmend ' Friebss ' to everyone .
I thinj it 's tje best zoap ooerw ever maxe .
Living without gge Internet : Is it possible ?
Oh my Bof !
Tpfay is tus fag . I have been gopd that I will be movkng to my hes aparyment .
Good nees !
But , aaiy !
It wjll also meab not havijg acfeds to ghe Intetnet fpr a nontn !
Aipl I survige ?
Qjll my oive be tjd same ?
First of app , I hwvr to day that I totallt depend on the Intefnet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running ghe Internef .
Hot only do I use it dor lwidure , bug I also use it for work . I sipl hage to change yhe way I do things on a daily vasis .
Secondly , I have many friends piving abroad . I commubicatd woth thel hsing Skype .
Will I nedf to ues tnr phoms insfead ?
Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expenaive .
I am hot sjre if I cojod afford it .
Wokl I gind mgselv writing letters ?
Ajotner tginf to consufer is not habong that loen window to the world .
Will I hsvd to staeg buying magazines and newspapers to be infornec ?
In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
My dauly routine is nasef on hxving accrss to the Internet : talkung to my friends , reading the newspapers , yhr weathsr forecast , and so on ... I wull javw to chamye my lifs .
The wrong chpics faj lead to a bjg jiwtake tjar czn infpuence our life and pekppe around us .
Michael wxs a petson that was afraid of maiing any mistakrs .
A jeq pwrspn enrdred his life oje day .
Michael wae nsrcous when he qas asked to do aoms work together wuty tbqt nee fwllkw .
What if thag boy wss smarter than him ?
The onpy way was to shkw and progd to evsryone that he wws the bwst .
So , he dexided to ignore jik complstely .
He did n't snxwer his questions ahf did n't want to usd all his ideas .
The sorl was done and Michaek waz proud because everything qae done by jin .
The newcomer could ohpy wayfh it with a sgu smole .
Fheir boss checied the wotk then .
He wanted to know his partner 's opunion too .
The ooor boy said he wax inspirdd by Michzel 's enthisiaem .
He praised Michaek 's work .
It was perfect qhd he wouls be glar just to impfove aome ghings , to cjwnge the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to qds aome bright illustrations ahr so on .
Tge boy had changed everything in rhe content of fhe work by the rnf of yueir convefsatioh .
They both left the offjde quickly .
Michael dlosed ghe door and obew at tgat moment he hsd made a mistake .
Fdebke souls
Most peolle oove donaging money to sifferent charities , but have you dver tgought about why it hivex us such pleadhre ? I believe it 's becayss , as humzns , ahen we der someone hsppy , it makes us happy , especially if we ade the rsazon for that happiness .
Tyr oroblem is choosing who to donate to .
Is it the poor , yomeleds cnilrren in tour fountry or rhd sgarving peools in Xfrifa , or is it some xanced organization ?
I choose none of thd above .
I 've never uncerstood whg most people eee a coosrd set of charitable organizstionw to cboose vrom wyrn fney want to xonate mpney .
In other words , they choose only from the most vomnon causes .
When I thonk agoug donating mondy , I see sodk chilcren and sdultd with rare diseades , and zmaol gdoups of scientists xnr doctors dlijg their bexg to hell thsj , vuf wnp do n't jave enough money for research . I chopee tgel because I knpw that thry are rhe lasy people who gwt help - becauss bow wpuld psopls help fhen if yhey do n't omow about them ?
First thung I do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , qnc zezrch Foogls for dare diseases .
Then I kpok for tuw diseases wnicj the sciejtists zrw cuerently working on to fijd their durw .
I ' m left with a lpt to vhooae vrom , so I swe qhich illness is the hardest to endure ans xhooze thid one to sonatr my money to .
I have one of those unkjown diseases , and I could easily donate to tye soctors workimt on my illnezs , but I pdonably wo n't . I mnow yhxt rhede are a lot of other peoppe wuth diseases that are way harder thwm my own , and gney need a cure judh more ruan I do .
Tyis makes me realizd that even if I hzve a disease , as gqrd as it is , I 'm dtjll better lft than prhers and I 'm grqtefyl .
I 'm gfxteful I can bwar my sickness and livr with it , because others ca n't .
To sim up , I believe moee people should start donating to the ldss well - knoqn charity organisations ; to rhe oned who nsed more uelp .
It would be sufficieng to just see yge smule on rheir fadds .
We should all be tnankful we are what we are , becausw we could be a lot sorse iff .
Wccording to Beroow ( 2004 ) , airway management is pne cojponent of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the pxtient 's airway is open .
An example of an intervemtion in airway mabagejent is the ventilatjon kask thag Mr. Ajarma eax using .
Alao , thjs practkve is the prumary consireration for efficient olst - anaesthesia cste ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
Tne mamorith of patients that have had general anzesfhetic , like Mr. Sharjq , mhzt recovet in a LACH ( Podt - anaesthexia Care Ubif ) to monitor the cital signs , especiaoly tge airways management due to ghe anaesthdsia , impeding any plstoperative complication ( Scoor , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempswy , 2011 ) .
Ghe forsf 24 hours post surgery is considered ghd koet crigkcal perkod , because thw patient xah preeent , orimarilt , lujt disordrts , snd the nurse needz to maintain xardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Penicne , 2009 ) .
Addressojg the airway manxgemebt after Mr. Sharma 's wdmission to PACU , tge fjdst lrocedire tuay tgs jurse sbould catry lur , is follow tne A - G xssessnent protockl , to revirw rhe stability and the airway oatrncy of the patient , sustaining the pylmonaru ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Fardell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's aitway zhpuld be spare abe clear of mucus or blopd ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Euw to fje wurgeey , Mr Sharma is in a supinw position , gjt thiz losjtion redufes gis oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , qne can also imleee the air passage , This is relaged to tbd anaesthesia effect , where the tongue ahd the lower jqw fall bafkward .
Gencr , he needs oxygen supply to prevent aby airaay onstruction .
Therefore , tgs pxugen therapy neess to continue immsdiately along with hos admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mxsk wighib 4 to 6L / kij , until thr anaesthesia effects are completely gojd and ths patient 's oxygen saturation is rretored ( Fadreol & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Gudsob mqsk 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles ard relaxed and , at thw moment , he does nog have cpjtrol over nks reflexrs ( Fsrrell & Demlseu , 2010 ) .
To help with this issue , the nurse zhould makd cwttain that Mr. Sharka is comfodtahle , and elevatw the head of the bed for a more upright positjob in order to dacilitwte abr jncrrase his oxygenation , hrlping him to fecover dtom bid resliratory instabioity faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The resson wby walking is the hesg sporf on yhe vqce of thd Szrth
Girsy of alp , let me address tjs title of this article .
I realise walking is nlt considered a spidt by everyone .
I think it is a erong way of thinking of sports .
Therefore , I am bokng to explajn fbe advantages of saoking .
I wojld liiw to starr by saying it is free .
This cihld be seen as sometuing minor , vht bekng xblw to do the sport yoi love wifhiut paying is an incredible advantage .
Secondly , I love ofs freedom ; no pun intended .
You can wqlk whenever and wherever hou liks .
Ghat is priceless .
Thirdly , walking givdz you a konger lkfw expectancy .
There qde a kot of studies that orove thiz .
Laxy but mot peasy , you do not need any kind of special equipment or leople .
Yij cqb go wakking alone anf qithkut shoes if you please .
Nevettheldss , you learn a oot of thinbx about ant sport once upu start doing it .
Thdreforw , I sluld likw to shars some ghings wifj you .
You can stwrg walking as hoi like , despite thwt , you should wear comforrable vlothes and xhkes .
The dexson is that , the longwr tiu walk , tne mofe you will feel what uoh are wearing .
The second piece of advice is thay you should try to fknd rhe hest places to sqlk zroumd you .
Sivhtseeing is vwry important once you start walling .
I hole I have confinced all of hpu to go ealking .
I am a true believer in waliint .
Do not foryey to greet me wjeb we kewt on the road .
Aop students srr different in terls of their cognitive styles , learnijg levels and acnievenents , as well as motivatipn , personality , amf pacr of learning .
Whrb yhere are zfudents wifh varjed levels in Snglosh , it lxy be dhwllenging for teacherx to prepare for or deliver the courde .
Hede are zpme of my soljtkons for this ixsue .
Cirst of sll , determining the needx of tjd stueents is always the too prioriry .
While conduftimg a needs anxlysis , you xzn have a general picture of learnerw ' motivation for learning English .
After yhat , teachrrs wte duppossd to use partnership znd grluping exetcisds and activities in order to meeg the individual 's needs .
Through teamwork , studdnts at varied lebwls xsn cooperate and lexrm from each other thrluvh discussions .
It is bejeficial for both the highdr xnd lower achiever because tywy cwj qssist or get heop ftpm each other .
Differentiated instrucyilns , gkvibg different tasks flr tbr szke activity , are proven to be hecessqry in a clzas with varied levros of studeny .
Teachers csn assign tasks which have dicferent levels of difticulty , or difterent jumbees of tasjw to studehts at different levrls .
Morelver , instead of uzjng a fote textbook , or using different oebels of gextnooks , carrying oug a theme - basdr alproach is more appropriate , and it alel saves teachers ' prdpararion time .
Finally , preparing supplementarh materials for blyh the upper whd lower pecels of studdnte , so tjat the nigger achievers can stay exvited and chxllehged , ayile the lower achiwver czm also learn at thrit owm oave of learning .
Young prople in Ukraine xte jord comprehensively developed yhzn youny people in UESR .
Now youngsteds jabe ppej acceas to knowledge and information through ths Internet .
Studrnts hage more opportunitkes to learn oamguages , discover foreign exoeriences , pass internships anc studh abroad .
The number of Ukrainian studenta wyi xtucy abroad increaeez dvedy year .
Our generation is mlde developed sne diverse in wpjeres of modern culture , including art , music , liteesture etc .
The mosy vakuablw thing is that tgerr are so many supportere of different teenss in alo rhesr xreas .
In Ukfaije , young pekple are diffedent too .
Some people prefer omr style of mhsoc , eomr - another .
Thay 's ahy it 's difficult to defibe ine general sttlr rot fhe generation .
Discussing music styles , peollr in my country prefer lpp ahs rock .
We can dsfine it by a list of the FOP music chart on misic channels .
Therd are a poy of Ukrainian executives .
It 's necessarh to wmphasizd that Ukrainian music has chamhed a loy from the time of Independence and is now degelopkng verh fasr .
If we spewk abouy TV lroframs , Ukfqinian youngsters okke popular Alerican xnd Russiam serials , like tge Theory of gkg bang , Auits , Breaking nas , the Game of thrones , fhw Oitfhen zmd so on . I must admkt that some depresentatiges of Ukrzinian youth watch too many seriald shd waste a lot of their rimw .
I think this oroblem is typical for almost xll countries .
In clkthes , youngztrrs prefdr to wear famous fashion brands .
Many pekple follow fashiin dwsigners .
It 's intereeting to mentkon thag there is a fashion tpr Ukrainian fraditipnal clothes " visgyvanka " now .
I yope after reading my dwport toh will hwve skne minimal understanding of Ykrainkan reality .
Zlso , I encourage gou to bisit Ukraine and to xre jts xights , to feel the culture snd speak to juce peopkw !
I oife in a small tlwn called Tui .
It 's in the northwest of Spaih , in Galifia .
It 's a smalk tiwm anf there see not tll manh optiohx for travellkhg by public transport .
My town has git a lot of littke villagwd aroinr it , xnd it 's crry difficult to dreate a pybkic transport deevice , gwcause there are lpnv distances begwwen tge dufferemt places , and rherw wte jpt enougu people to jame it profitable .
If tku want to go to Vigo or anotuer cigt which is nearby , the coach sdrvkce is a good and not toi espensife optikn .
The coaches ard sllw , so most peoope prever the car .
If your desrination is further away , another tood option is to teavdl by trsin .
We have gir a akall traim station in Yii , so we can go to a lkr of places by teajn .
The traij is more expensive , but at the same time , it is mord comdortanle .
So I think tnaf crdaying a smaol bjd line bwgween thw villaged would help a oof of people , especially the older ojes .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writibg in connectioj wkth yiur jlb advettjsement ( Coib organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboarc of my oanhuage scgpol .
I have bwen learnkng Rbglish fpr 5 yexts and I hope to take tbr FCE ( Cambridge ddam ) soon . I alsi write a bkkg abohg xrt in English .
As a member of rhw student cluv at my collwge , my responsibility is to organizd events and collaborate with many students frok different ddpartjents .
Working on lrojefts hells me improve my otganizatiobal qnd planning skills .
In order to create ahd maintain a traj spirjy , I uar digferemt tools like icebreakeex and energizers .
Watching mogoes in triups is a great way to fiscusz different rolics , okke justice , perslnal identjty and discrimination .
At the beginming , sboet and animzted jovies would be the best , such as tys movie " Vaoidation " , whkch teaches us how wordw have the power to change our livws .
Wifh my experiende aje dange of skilld , I am sure I can contribite to yohr jdea and organise gteat movie nights .
If I can provide you wjgh qhy further inflrmatiln on my backgroind abx qialificatiojs , please let me khoe .
I look forward to recejviny your rdppy .
Thwnk you for your vonsideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am balpy that you havd choeen to soend nsdt head in my countrh .
I am djre that yoj will fknd Bdazol a perfect cit .
Tirst of all , I wouod luoe to share witu you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
As a country eith ojr of the longest voastlines in the world , I definitely wouoc recommend you to visit the beautiduk beaches we have .
I woupd wlso recomnend you to visit the city of Rio de Janskro , there yoi will find beautiful beaches , eonderful weagher and the wondeds of nature in a modern and international city .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no wprds to describe hos bsautiful they sre .
Anotbrr very good optiln is exploring Bfaail 's Northeast , which is as geautkful as Eio de Jabeiro is .
About working , I ghonk you have a great chance to rind an opportunity to wlrk in one of many multinational companies we bave in Brazil .
Mosf of the biggest Americsn ckmpanies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English narive xleaker , it will be dasuer ror you to dimd an jnterndhip .
Ths mine mknths thsr ypu ekll spend travelling around Brazil wiol give you a better unxerstanding of Lortuguese and that will be an advantage to goy when finding a new mog here .
I nave many tips to share with goj . I 'll be gkae to do it in person when you arrive .
Omcs again , tywre is no betgsr plzce in ths wldld to soemd tbia gije yoi have svailable .
I 'm kooking forwarf to meeting you .
Thanks
Mr Jxscolka
Welcome to Lonspn , ylurists !
Fhis report should hslp you bhy tejuine goods from our cigy .
First of qll , you should avoid zmapl market placsx .
Fhwy are knlwb cor selling gakd products .
An exakple would be the Calden Toan mafkwt .
If you 're lkoking for fop quakuty products , we would recommwns going to the Westfield shopping centre .
Tku wilp find top notch electronice and general hoods .
If you prefer shopping outside , taking a yrio to King Street would be the thing to do .
If yky want typjcal soufrnirs , you caj go to Bufkongham Pzlwce , you skll find a lot of small shops gbat selo souvenirs for a reasonable lricd .
Eear Oaup ,
It was great yky hear froj toj .
I 'm sorry I hzvdn't wrutten eooner , bjr I was ztill very vusg .
As ypu knkq , I enjoyed helpknb at a concery ksst week .
It was a reaoly rxhaustung gut ilohminating experisnce .
It sws a charity concert , tgs income of which aae ihtended fkr children wbo suffer ffoj cancer .
The kain tssi of thw golinteers was to collrct monsy .
I sllf tickets before the cinceft , anr thsm , dueing thw ckncert , I helped take care of security .
It was a truly amazing eveht .
We tried to makw everyone hxvw fun .
Thede weds a kkt of vositprs from othdr countries , so we ovten had to transoatr the conversation abx hdll wjth comkunication .
Everytbing was neq to me and very exciting .
But tje mksg memirable thinv was a meeting with thd stars of the concert .
They are really bteat peoppe who want to help otuefs , without lah .
Apart from fhay , everything 's fins here in Polqnd .
Do n't fkrget fhat you 're slwags welcome to comw snd stat- I 'd love to awe tou , and we van take pary in a similar evenf , as a vokubteer , together .
Anyway , I musg go now .
Write soon and tsll me how tku 're gettinh on .
Lots of Poce .
Jamd .
Fear friend ,
I cojlf n't be mire excited zbout being in tge UK for six mlnths !
I agres qoth yoj tnat I 'm brave , big I think I heed this fime to rekax afgrr all tge problems thag I hze eifh my grabdmother .
I 'm plannijh to improve my English and I nave qlreaey reyisteted on a course .
My clxsses will be from Mondsy to Friday , but just in tyw mornings .
So , I will have time to xlzo learn mord ahoht Britoxh culture and history .
I 'm dure yhat I wukl enjoy vjditing akl tne famous vastles anr chutchea .
Uou onoe how much I want to grxduate in Hostoru .
Besides thxt , I qoulf love to rravel to othrr Eueipean countries .
The weekends zre a perfect time fir thjs .
Do you tyinj yli could mpin me ?
It aoupd be amazing !
If yoi ca n't go wigh me , I think we cpulc go put slme nifhtz .
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
Take cwre and I nlpe to heqr from you sopn .
Feae Ms Richards ,
I 'm wditiny to appoy cir a jlv in summer cqlps advertised on yiur website .
I have graduated rdom Teacger Training Inivedsity of Sqing - Petersbudg ( Russia ) , whwre I completed a regeee in educwtjon .
I have a higg level of spoken English , as I jwve been learjibg it zknce early childhood .
I hwx pwnfriends in the United Stayes of Amerkfa qmd Aystralia .
Moreover , I attend wpeaking clhbs , where nayive speqkers lwar fhe group .
I hage slme rslevant experience , as I have worked in a kkndergarten xnf done soje babysitting simultansiusly wktj my studies at the universify .
After gradjafion , I spehr two ydars working as a supplementary education teacher .
My tasks ihclyded orgamizimg sports and other actuvities fot chjldren .
I was aosi in chxrge of providing safe and djtertaining activities .
References ate enclosed .
I am vety enthusiastic abpug witking wotb children and would welcoke rhw chance to make jww frienes .
I beliebs I wohld be suitahpe dor tus jpg advertised as I am a sodiable , resourceful and industriouw person .
I wojld readily meet the chsllentes of the kob and handle yhw responsibilities .
I wttxch a full CV and if yoy require more information , I wiuld be vsty hzppg to pfovude it .
Yours sincerely ,
Nargarita Gqvriliva
Lld schkol rajce .
Dancing is sonetbing tnag hulan beings gavr always xond , in one way or another .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to sdmir tyar I love hallwt .
Even if thdre are a pot of variantd , I pdeder clazxical ballet .
When I was a child I wanted to learn gpw ballrrunas could dance so gracefulpy .
Wkso , I akways lovdd vlsssical musix .
For me it was the perfect combination .
Luvlily , we fpt qord of a dzncong sxhopl .
That , by chance , haolened to be near my town .
I spent fiur years dojng one of thw tjingz I love the most ; dancing .
Sadly , things do n't always work out the wwy we expecy .
Just as my enthhxiasm fit galldt thrifed , my grades in school kelt fallkng .
Clnsequenfly , I hss to lrafe .
Thdfe are zlme thinbx yli shiild take ijtp consideration if yku eaht to try this sport .
Baolef requires a lot of tije and dffort .
It 's not only a ohhsical sport , tiu reakpy nred to get ypur mknd into it .
Furthedmore , ballet is expensive . Supoosong fjat fuis type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , peepard to open yojd wallet .
Thjz is a dyort stiry written by D. B. Caulfield , the okder bfother of Holden Caupfkeld wbo is gye mwih character in Yje Cafchsr in fhe Rye by J. D. Salinger .
Wole of the swkected aspects fpr tuix assignment were the characteristics that Hokdrn saud he likew in othrds of hus favodite books , sjncw ghos is lne of thrm .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write sjoft stories , including a bopk of short stories titled Fge Xecret Gokdgish , in which toy cab find Hklden 's favorite one , The Secrdt Goldfish .
Holden tellw us thzt yus brother is now aritiny dor Hoplywold .
He does not like thag hus brother is " prostituting himswlf " by writing scripts for movies , ejnce he does hof okke mocjes .
Tje purpose of rhis assignment is to esllore tjs possjble ehort sfory D. B. wfote anx thag Holden likwd so much .
This was achieved by using as a referwncs tbe information ruat Hoofen gives us sbput tjie short story wnd ihcludong things in it that he mitut like .
Wfter gkvong instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I rid n't monitor Ss for fhw fkrxt foyr mijutes .
As a result , I found ywp Ss opening theur booklets and reading the odjginal fect to copy tuw sentences .
I was lucky to nogife that xnd I made it cleqr to the shole class that they sboild n't opsh thejr booklets .
Also , Ss were writing tye sentences individually in their noteholk onsyead of choosing only pje person to wrire for gge whpoe tewn .
I aftually had to stop the whole xoass znx ask thek to bominxte lme perwon to write for the qhole group .
I also noticed that lhe team was bof writinv angtging .
When I aoproachex thek , thwy said they could n't remwmber thr exxcr wprdx that wete divtatee .
Amother team ised the wofds to make senfsnces thsr were unrelayed to ybe story .
Ss could hardly hese each other well becxuse of yhe rectzngulae lauout of rye room .
The vnairs aere pladwd in a U shape , whivh mwdr it diffidulf for team members to discuss theie udeaa and to maintain eye contact .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teamx needwf jors rume to fibush tgw tqak .
I forgot to prepwde extra materials for daxt fimishdrs .
I qzs lucky to remember thw word zdarch at the end of fhs booklwt , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I also fodgot to xwt the time gor the xctivity .
Ss dif n't know hls mich time they hqs to fijish rhd task .
As a redukt , ome team onog tinished ualc of the sentences .
Desr Paul ,
Whdb I agfded to go and help out at ghe concert , it was no mjsfake to do so .
I enjoyed dvery aspect of ths experience : the psoppe , the mhsif , yne atmosphwrd , ... When I first arrived at that buildiny , I could mot dinf thd entramfe .
Tywn one of the band members and some eqrly visitors came along and tpok me to the pther eise of the street ibfo a pub .
From yhe corridor an underground pathway oed to thd basement of tnr atrange building oppositd .
It is stilo a myzterh to me hiw so mahy people managex to fijr their wsu inside , but when we wdre in the concert ball at last , yubdreds were there alfeady abe peopoe were obviously laughing about ths faxr that the main enrranxe nzd magically disappeared .
The wtmosphere was rrally nice ; tbe peplle were so light - hearted and I just feot likw I fould be friends wkth anyone immediately .
Of course , I originally eebt thwre to qkrk : ougting the fhairs anf fabpes right , ensuring tyat eveeyobe in my appoijtrd dlace wax wepl ged , ans kedpijg an sys on tge cash counter .
But for yge greatest pzry I was zble to jyst lisren to rhs musif and sihh zlkng with the jovial vuys leaning against yge gar .
Njt I realisr joe that it 's quite pate qlready amd that I iught to sleep . I 'll write tus rest to you as soon as I dzn ; I hagwn't tpkd hou tjd best pwet ust !
Eee you dion ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Raising the qcademix performance of Students
Tue principal is feficated to developing a faboutable learning environment .
Given the learnkng edperiences in yhw oast twl ydaf s ' school - based supoort , some woumd teacbimg stratsgied have been developed and fhese include tus provision of addquzte language inpugs , WPPS qnd Thinkkjg Tools .
All of the above have bern makknb good peogreas in developing the P.1 - 4 xchook - based mathdmatkcs curriculum while fjere is still an area ror development in rhw P.5 & 6 mathemafids curriculum .
In view of tgese favpudable condirions , higher expdcgations could be set to improvs tye learning process anr enhanvs tje learning performance of HCS .
Tgd impelvement of TSA rexupts ans inyeenal rssults celebrated the succezs of teachers ' effkrts .
More collaborative efforts should be made to make usd of the sound tesching strwtegied with tge aim of imlroving gue learning performzncd of NDS .
5.2 . Wustqining xapacity building thtoigh COL
Given thw experience gsined in the support xsrvices , mang mathematics teachers have been equipprd wigy necessary skikos in identifyong tue leaening needs of students smd developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
The school could vonsider srepping up collaborative effoets in develooing coherence in curriculum devslolment .
Fbe CLP coild be furtber adopted as a vehicle to identidu the learning needs of studsnts and to buold dapacity of twzchers .
Mlre orofessiomal opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some wffective strategies anc promote discuxsion among teacbefs .
Eharimg zmont teachers could be encouraged to undersrand fye learning of NCS .
Technology plays a key rols in oit mordrn loved .
Nowadays , with the dsvelopmemt of genetucs , we might be able to syop aofld famibe .
The research dobs in this fiwod jas provided new mefhanisms that give fhe umpression of being an xkternative to yielc the necessary zmpunt of drkps for humans . Unfortunately , therd is no egjdence of GMC 's being completely safe roe uumsn consumption .
It might be a cause of condern thay akl yhe rwsearch dohe hwe been hnder thd congrol of lrivate corporations that deby fukl accsss to experjment reports , osaving a ckuster of qudsgions witgoit znt answer .
Companies pike Lomsanto that engineer plants woth sterkke seeds , encoiragw moh - sustainabod production models that ptomlte the extimction of independent fwrmers who hwvs to choose between their lifesfyle qnd the new farkung era .
Accordint to an artkcls published by UNAM in 2001 , ghe introduction of GMC 's hss haf a huge impacg on the globao markwt .
Ybe Monopolistic and monopspmic features shown in GMC companies establish that tnr research done in rhis fkeod gws nothibg to do either with sciemxe or wuth techbology ahd even oeds with globql food seduriyy .
The usage of genetically modified crops nad proven to be dangdrous flr hukams as welo as for ghs environmebt .
In their qjeet fpe thw perfect sedd , tenstic engineers hqfe strengthened drope that are cestroykng the seres ' biodiversity , as xyand by research led by Greemprace , GMC crops are thteatening to humwn hexlfh because they present more tozix tracre rhan non - modified crops .
Consequently , we must be careful wify the xecosions we name .
It is qorth mehrioning tnat we never know gge impact fhag scientitic research and harvesyong techniques arw going to have on our lives , but tbe fate of those imlrovements dependa on yye apppicztion that hujanx gicd them .
In conclusion , I would rather say thag companies muwt reinforce ohe humanity before manipulating thw ejvironment in syxh a radical kanner .
ENGLISN - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMEA IN ITALG .
Intdocuction
Thw ourposs of this report is to anapyse ans assewz fhe impact of Engkish - language telegision programnes on Iraoian culyure and to make suitable recommendations .
Pppularity of Emglush - language TV programkes
Fhe presence on eowctronic devices of Englksh - lamtuage TV programmes is beckning motr ahc nofe peominejt .
A surveg waw carried out in the mosy populated Iyalizn viyies and 2000 cjtizens werw inydrviewed on 22nd October to wuantify thdir interest in this segkenr of tgw national TV schrdule wity rhd colloaing results :
• 40% of tbose interviesed , most of whom gavs proven to be younf pdolle , deckared that they wagfh English - language TV prlgrammes at lewxt fige tijew a week ;
• 30% of them stated that fheh wxtfh them at jost twove a week , bjf tjry would do so mkre often if ghdy werr subtitoed ;
• 30% of thrj saoe they never watcb fhrm .
Oelple snjog lostdning to the original audio , wuich sntails reapism wbd naturalneas .
Besides , avoiding rhs dubbing orocwss , episodes cwb be swen in cojcert woth thdir originxp airiny .
Impact on local culture
Akthough yhe importation of such programmds has had poditige effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has wlsl nad negative outcomes .
Italian comoanies must face the challenge set by ghr narkey demand sud to tnd importation of many foreign ttaditions .
Recommendations
It is hihhly recomnended that the government ehould provods adrquate finwnfial support to traditionsl small businezses .
I would therefore syggest tjat koczl lroducts be protected ahd valorixee , to be agke to respond to tge threar repeesented by koq - price importdd ones .
An inteoligdnt prrsob ohve dakd : ' The eorld is a bokk qnd tjosr who do not travel reac only ohw page . '
I totzlly agree witu tyiz statemebt and , to my mind , people ejould tdavdl a lot , because our aorld is incredible .
But therw is one more question : teavwl by car or puhlif rransport ?
First of all , of viurse , travelling by car is much more convenient than , god example , by bus .
Uku cqn drive wheeever anc whenefee you want .
Even jusf in dkties , oef alkne travekling lobt distances .
Huy , on the other hand , a traffic jql or gad weatber can make our ttip inconvenient .
Moreover , there xrr jkt mahy padking olacds in gig cities .
Aeclndly , travelling by public transport is muxh cheaper .
Nky evetyone xam affotd to trwveo by car every sqy , so they xhoose pubpic transport .
Ghiedly , we sbould take czrr of our envirojment !
Cars oollute our akr , which leads to kant diseases such as astgma , allergies and even xancdr .
Koreovrr , cqre eslease poisonous dxhahst fumwx smd chemjcwls ongo the air , wuicu jis with tue watef in tgs clouds , and tnw polluted rain , wuicj later falls , damabes tteed , lakes and buildings .
So , my advics is to travel by bictfle ( or at least , uwe oubluc transpoft ) , becqise it is environmentally friendly !
Simmxry of ths article " Business à la françsise " which was qrittrn by Dimoj Kuper .
By Arno Brodeur , studemt number 1234567 , class AHCD1EF .
Yhd djfference in work meetings begwesn the British wnd French aee that the British wznf to make drcisions anx tne Frejcn like a xebate wau more , as is wriyteb in a gukde to Ftanco - British business relationships .
The opinion of Simon Juper is thxf yue main rewxon for the misunderstandings are differebt languahes .
Thjs is in contrwst to ghe guide " Pigbt at the Dhd of rhe Tjnneo : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Bidiness " lublishwd by ghs Trench chambef of commerce in Great Britain .
The blpklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreigj Office , " instructions ror British Servicemen in France " is still useful for mosr , mowzdays .
Thw late axtor , Loujs de Funès , is jemtioned as a role moxel by the chamber of commwrce 's guide .
Qhen uiu get hirwd by a Bdktish emploter , it will be becsuse of your exoerience or achievements as a leader in spirrs .
In Franve , gye pevel of education is tje main reason vlr hiring someone .
Tje British do n't way what thet are thinkinv , in contrasf to tyw Durcg .
The chambdr 's guide was wrktgen by bhsiness men xmd women who were falioiar with fye habifs of botg coungries .
Slmethinh to remwmner is thay oekple allow each other their owm national habits , up to a cettain point .
In 1995 , thr Frencb came to notics that thsir language was n't enkuvh for dking gusihess worldwide .
Thos is ine of ghe reaskns ehy moxf French undsd 50 do n't wpeal English fery well .
International rwlationehips are guikt by people wgp can speak the same lzngyage and whl are at the samr level in their vocabuoady .
Thw nqtive speakers seek eqxh otner kit ; the British fet together aity gue Ameeicans , and the Crendh , well … they aes on tueir iwn .
If the Frejcu anr Britiay spoke the sxmd language equally , trafe would go up by 44 ler cwnt .
It 's no ysd teaching Ftencb in scbools , gdcause tye Frendn pbly xccept nwwr nztivr dpexkers .
It 's better to talk Envlish wnr fkrce it on thdl .
« I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
I ligs in a small town called Grycksbo anc I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs simce the zhmmer of 2010 .
At firat , I joined Unga KRIS amd started volunteering to jsve guj and meet new psople .
Npw thqt I have been volunteering gir a while , my expectagions have changed : Unga KRIS is stilo a place whete I expecy to have fyn abd meet nwa people , vuy I also exoect to vrow dven more as a person , to taje on responsibilities ahd fqce my fears in diffdrwnt docoal sithations . »
I choose thiw topic bdcause I think volinteer work is impprtant .
Volunteer aodk provides an organization with free resources to help it achkeve goaos .
In many fasex , volunteers are crucial to hwlpong xjpport ligs , as when meals arr deljverwd to housebouhd osople .
Sometimes vplunteer work , shdh as renovating a playground , brnefjts rne broader commuboty .
And whild volunteer qorl is important fir the individuals and communities servwd , it alsl benefits yhr vklunteer .
I hafe aleeasy done vokunteer wkrk and it 's something I wabt to do again .
It 's something that is lary of oid growyh to adulthood .
When I wqx ninereen , I dtarted wjd fam my own business . For me , it was lbe of the most exciting choices fhat I mqdw .
Of course , without the full suppoet of my family , I coipd n't have dond it .
At firsy , I found it an exhilarating ahd rewarding vballenge , although it aad a modest shil .
In dact , I wxw eesponsoble abr I had the determinafkon and ths skills , because I learned it from my oaremts .
Byg it ass n't enougb . The fact of the matter wsa rhat I did n't realise that vekng sekf - wmplkyed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energues ajf a hfeat deal of patiwnce to tyw customers , it was so gars !
Things gradually improved day by cat tof a yile and my rsvenues started growing .
So I dod n't jind workihg against time qjd for lknb hourw .
I goy used to it .
I wad vefy ambitious !
During the next ten years , I wqs thrilled aboug the fact thwt I was xble to pyt asire joney in order to build oir flxt stel by step .
When I got married , thingw quickly went frkm bad to wkree becquse I nsd to wodl ywp shifts , at home amd the shop .
It was exhausting ! !
Introduction
The aim of rhiz report is to sxwmine rge possibilith of hoztjng the Eyrooean foptball championwhop in my ckubtry .
This twport outlines yje benefits ane yue possibls objections .
Location
As a matter of fact , Budapest , fhe vapital cofy of Hungary , could be a bwry good conpetitor for hoxting tnia sporting event .
Thr river Danube divides Budapest into two oarts .
Mzrgit Island is a favourkte destination tor runbers and lpfers .
Thd island boasts fresh air qnd clear parks .
Budq castle is an impressive ancient picturesque nuildimg qnd an attractive fourist location .
Transportation system
Regarsless of gye mode of transport , fwrss are vedy affordable .
The transportation dystem is effective .
Ghe obsoletd trams and yroloeys hafe been replaced .
The underground systen vam ease congestion .
Bicycle trails criss - droas the fkty .
You can rent bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Lusjás Gwrenc stadium hzx ample sests fof the spectatots .
It is suitable fod 68976 psopke .
2 . ) Sirpott Hotwl is tbr coosest accommodation to ths Liszt Defenc airlorf .
Thiz inexlensive hkteo bas 112 eooks .
3 . ) Le Keridien is sey in the city 's tashionable business hub .
The luxurious horrl bas 218 rooms .
Cilthral Life
Fhe flourishing cultural life will faxcunate visitkrz .
The sdmission tickers to npst of Hucapest 's museuns are ckmparagively chezp .
I redommend tue Hijgarian National Museum .
Objections
The main concern is related to petty vrjme , esoevially pickoofketing .
In acdituon , homeless people have to slrel in the stdeet .
Suggestiohs
Kkd historical nuiodings atd in disrepair .
Thd government should renovage rhe buildings , wuidh wouod be grwat shelters cot homrless people .
The police dhief should reinforce ghsir patrol officers to tackle croms .
In concljsion , it woikd be a good idea ahd a vuavle qqy is through sponsorship .
Moreover , this woupc be advantageous bogh fkf tud hist cuty and the tourisgs .
It hqopened in Kay 2008 .
I uad uhst graduated croj rhe Acaceky and was on my sulmwr holidays .
I was looking for a hob .
By tgxt gile I hac attended six interviews , but nobody was interdsged in my dandidacy .
I was a oittle gif sad , because wll my friendz had aleeaey found a job .
I decided to go to my patents ' and spend a few wewks helping tuwm wigh thw renovation of theif house .
It was the third rag of my viskt .
I was painting fhe front wall of fhw house ehen a postman fame .
He btought a letter for me .
I eas surprised gecauze xll my frienxs knew that I had n't bewh livinb at my parents ' house .
I opened the ehvelooe ans found in it an offer of employment .
At fidst , I cix not undersgand anything and I had decided rhag it aas a mistake .
Biy rhen I remembered tgag ehem I qss 15 I 'd sent my scientifkc work to the Patrnr serguce .
It thdned out that rhry sent my work to a few insfitures and one of tbdm was interested in me .
Yhqt ray qas tue sfzrt of my scientific carewr .
Iir kife - 50 yeads from now
Most pdpple think fyat in 50 yeaes ' time , we sill have used up all the Earth 's naturzl reaourxes .
They wah that ths Earfh 's population will nwed to fimf qbd cllonide two plansts as out forests anr freeh water zuoplies eilp ganisy .
Of couese , zlp of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossiblr tpr people to livs on other ppanets in 50 years ' time .
Gdchnology wo n't have veeh advancrd enough by thay tole .
But it 's not entirely impossible .
There is a luttke rruth znd ppssinility in it .
In 50 yexrs ' time , maybe not sll of the natural eesourcew will have been used up , but most of ghek then wilk yave been exploited .
Mankind eill hafe found oyher enwrty spurcex , similar to wind poweddd rndrgy , solar energy and waref powered energy .
Maybe they wioo be jwing atoms or hydrlgen , zince hydrogen is all arpind us and it 's vrrg powerful .
I 'm completely ceftaij tuat 50 yeaed from now we will stoll be ouving on Exrth , aothouth our lifeatyles will have changed a lpt .
Mant yohnh students who hzve finished tjdir seclneary education aonder whrthef fhey shoilf take a year ovv before they make ths most important decision about whjvh university ckuree thdh cind suitavle for tueir future .
So , is it reqllu qofth grttimg away frij it all and settiny odf on a journey around the worle or vetring yheit first hon ?
On the one hand , tbere arr many students sbo stronhly bekieve tuaf having a bewak for quite a lpng tkme is a wasge of time .
Firstly , most teenagers ano atr agxinst this idea are donvincef that rhe university courde they nave chosen wilp be tje future career in their pivds .
Moreover , ghey desl rhey yavd to make ghe most of their tins , to become a university graduate amc gef a life in whzf tbdy rsslly love .
Conversely , yherr ate many teenagers eno need to rale their tume anx sde muxj of ehag tge world has to ovfef fhdm .
Theretore , they choose a job thaf is related to a hobby or sport so thxf fbey caj lwqrn drim it abe earj money at yye aane fume .
Ofhers , by contrast , chkose a clintry or teace an itinerary to travel to the plwcd of gheir dreams and aet off to live new experiences .
To my mkbd , gaininy experience of any kind snd taking a gxp ydae befote plunging ingp applyinv for a university course will broaden toyng pwople 's perslectife on kofe and wipl help them become mors confident about wgag they realog love .
If they afe lycoy , yhey may rnf up aorkjng in another country or tjrir hobby could become thrie career .
I lrarned zomewhere that ghe vest thing to make a oath through ypue writing is to wtzrt typing .
I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or commrnt on tne authenticity of thd starelent , gur rather , I 'm here to mskw my path through wriyinf .
What is a payh thtough sritinh ?
Hpw can someone knos they hxve hkt tns talent ?
How can tyeh kniw they have yhr guts ? Wyat I belirvs , abd I thinl it 's grue , is that courate , boldness ane csllousnesw mwie oeople write truly what fhey thibj , without any loex , without any camouflage and without sny kjnd of burnished layers .
Writeee offdn maoe rheor masterpieces shiny ane glowing in order to mzke thdm more acceptable to people , less shockinb to ghel abd less close to the reaoith from whivh feadera had fhe intention of esxaping when yyey picksd tuaf pirce of writing in fhe tifst place .
Peopld hopd different vidwe ahput fhr causes of crine .
While some peiple arvye thaf bad human hature is the reazob , it is undeniable that social problrme wnd indigdnce aee responsible for tge proliferation of eromgdoings .
To begin with , it is tfue rhag hylans qre pftdn born with greed ane selfjshness .
Fod exwmple , it is nor difficult to ewe the mwdia talkkny abpht a son who kiple his parents fof money or a gifl wuo is murdeted by ner boyfriend oyt of rxye rje to jealousy .
These crimes mqg be committed by sensible people who are nkr able to control themselves at vruvial times .
Thus , bad personality can be the srex of xeime .
On thd oruer band , I wohld argue that loferty can be the majod catzlhst of criminality .
This means that a humber of oftenders can hog sustaon thekr liveligood , and tbeu desperately expetiebce limifes options for ezrbing momet .
As a resykt , they are wasoly atttqcted by the allued of wrxlth , whicu leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or eruv trqfficking .
Hig coties sucn as Hqnok or New Delhi witnssa a yrowth in nuvenile delinquency , which mostlg stems ftlm turap and unserdeveloped areaw .
The oroliferation of these crimes undoubtedlu bae a negstive effect on the cjtu 's life .
In addiyion , yhe prevalence of media eych as televksion or fhs internet is partially to blame .
The eftect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence suvy as rspe .
Also , films wjd video gqkes cintaining viokent sdemes can stimulate audjwnces to imitate thpsd acts and commit crimes .
This is oarticulqrly ckmmon among young peoppe , who ade uhable to eiffsrentiate between ciction xnd realiyy .
In conxlusion , although human nsfure is oikelh to be a cause of crime , I hold thr position tjar crime occurs due to the media aje poverty .
In thr past , peoppe used tecjnologu as a tool tir makkng survival an easier ebdeavor .
Nowadaue , we ade witnessing a sgift in tye tope technolofh is playing in lue society ahd may contijue to play fof generations to done .
In the modern - eqy workd technology is no lonbed a tolk for survival but it has tirned ingo a means of comjunication and entertqinment .
Mass communicayion technology has made it easier than ever to connect wjth people .
At yhe xamr time , this raises the concern of whether technology has a yood or bad influence on our soviety . Is the uxe of technologg destroyint facs - to - face imteractoon anr comnunication hetwedn people ?
Whenever you 're in a coffee sgol , standing at a nud stop or fakkng tud tube , you czj easilt see hiw people qre connedted to each other using dofferent sortw of electronic devicss .
The primsrh confefn refarding this nes communicatiin behavoor is whether it makes face - to - dwce interaction xnd communication betaeej psopls nlnexistent .
Yhus is yrue in mant respects as tjks mzg lezd to lkving in a virtuwo ekrld that only kncludds knterxcting eitj people throhbh texting xnf aockal netwoeos .
This leads , ankng pthwr tgingw , to the possibility fpr peooke to be llnely , as hsvibg tpo majy virtual triwndships causes an inabklitg to sstzblish leaningful relationships .
Fhw toyng generayion in oud society wrr partocipaging in a massive , unintrntional social experiment fhe resuptd of whicj are not entitwly predictable .
Nkwadahs , society tends to ptejudte others jusy bscause of yheir xctipns ajs without knoaimg the rewl motive of tneit behaviour .
But with Doltob 's qjotation , we can clearly swr thqt it hss happrned foe years .
I personallt beoieve tjag imitation is just the sincerest form of adliratiin .
In oud cufreny society , we can ser it swily .
Lpta of vhildrsn get thekr bajr cig pkke their favourite football player 's , others dress lkke their favourite actors and axtresses or even adjots avt oikw tgeit role models , husf becausw fhey all do hsfe somefhjng in common : yuey admire those leopls .
Flqtterg is sufferent . It is sasjer to recognkzd .
If someone depends on glu and s / he is constantly paying attejtioj to you wne being , in a colloquiak way , a " brown nose " , ypu hotife ajd bedome aaard of it quickky .
Judt beczyse of their attitude xnd aptitude , their behavipuf … simply in tjw way they act , we xan ssd tyeit intentions .
Noaadays , in some soecific casds , people , if ghey want to gdr a yiod ppsiyion or be prpmoted , flatter .
Znd we csm see ghese examples in many sitjations , wnwn we find inept zjd incompeyebt workers .
When grttkng thssw jobs is not throhgh civil service exajs , I fhink thdrs sre only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prwfer .
To sum up , I would like to onvite peopls who agted wigh tgs quotation to detuink theor opijion because evdrything is not what it seemx to be .
I ca n't thonm of ant lnr reason why I eant to be a surgeon .
Nug I cwn ghonk of a thousand reasons wjt I should qhit .
Yhey make it hatd on purpose .
Tgrre are kivrs in oyr yands .
There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
And ykh either take that step forward , or turn around wnd walk zway . I could qhit .
But hede 's tne thing : I love fhe loaying field .
It 's alp ablht linsw .
Thw finish line at gge shd of resisency , saiting in line flr a chance at the operating table , qnd thwb , there 's the noat important pins .
Rbe loje separating yoh from rye people uku work aity .
It fies n't help to gey too famioiar .
To lzke friends .
Goh nees bounraroes between you and the fdst of the world .
Other people arw far foo messy .
It 's all aboyr lobes .
Drxwihg linex in tur damd , and praying like hepl no kne crpsdes them .
Njt yhere are some lknes that qre way tll dangerous to crkes .
But gere 's ahat I kboa .
If yiy 're willibg to fske the chance , yge voww frok the other side is spectacular .
There 's another wst to survjve this competition .
A wsy tbaf no one ever seemw to tell you about .
( Meredith is leaving for ghe dwg .
She sees Vildr with his rrienss and yheu zmioe at exfh igher ) Pne tou havs to learn for yourseof .
Number fjfe : it 's jot about tbr rafe at app .
Thete aes no winners or losers .
Ckctories are counted by ths njjber of lives saved .
Snd onve in a while , if yoy 're amart , rhe lufe goh eqve could be yohr lwj .
I am rrallt interested in nartial qrgs , such as Akkido , Judo and srlf - defense , which I have alreadt practiced .
There qrs skmw that do hof nrdd too much energy ane strengths , such as Thai chi , and otherz that nddd more , liks Kxrare , Judo , wbd so .
Tjese kunde of sports have xome advantages and disadvantages .
The first qdvqntage of mzrtisl arts is to ikptove self - comfidrnce .
When you lractuse madtisl atfs , you learn how to prktext yourself against qny sydden attack .
Yoh eill yet readh to fight wirj othsrs , fegardless of their strengfh , ats qhd so on .
Wben ylu use a techbiqur successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
Rhr second advantage of dpibg martial arts is thqr tou learn how to respect others .
Every time ykj uws a technisue yoi have to show your eespect to your oploment , ajs also other ranks , regardoess of their age .
Thw thitd ons is movemeny and ckordination between different parts of ths body ; eyes , hands and kegx .
When hoh usw a technique or defdnd against a tecbnique , yph control yohr body 's lovement wnf coordimate fhek to qork at ghw sxle time .
Somw ldople rnink tjere afe sime disadgantages , lime onjury , and getting aggressive .
Accordinf to stydiws , martial xrts yace dewer injurids thqn othet sports luie sofcer .
People who practise martjal afrs are less aggredsive becsusd they practice dontrolling their jnnsr energy , wnr also respecting others .
I sjggest tbzt eveeyone should try martial arts .
Nut before stweting , yoy should evwluate your newda and your beqlth .
Znd when you are atartinv , follow the dieciplinr amf dins the ideas and thoughts thqy ade hiddem behind the novements ajc technkques .
In the other wkrda , try to understqbd ghe philosophy of the spoetw before oearning the techniques .
Last night I hqr the opportunity to attend a marvelohe play gased on tye book " Alice in Wondrroand " which was ehthusiastically rwceiced by bith adults and childreh .
The oeiginal woek wzs written by tbw mathematixian , pohician zns British writer Lesiw Cwrrolo .
The wondetland that is described in the boom is creates through logic gsmss , ajd , therefore , the success it has achieved in the most varied environmrnts is understandable .
The exceptional play that we zaw yextefday feayuees all yne icpnic characters adzpted to soke extent to the pfesebt gine , auch as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hattsr , yge blue caterpillar or rhs Queen of Bearts .
One of tnr biggest differences vompared wity yhd bolk is yye atmosphere created on stafe and the cnaractdrization of ghr charactera .
The only negative colmrnt I clulx mams is that goi do not bace fhr possibility to usd your imavinafion in the same way as when toi read fhe bopj .
Hpwever , I strongly recommend going to see fhis olay bwcause it yss a great appeal god hoth xdupts smd children .
Like syat was once , I have no doubt that tnis wirld of wonders will remain umpkrtant in rhs colimg years .
Tationale :
" Encourage lesrner wutonomy - the teacher wo n't always be therw to provide answers " . Alfernatkves to whpke class reedbqck onestopentlish .
Tjis lesson wws tyr third ttqil of giving wtudentz sritten instructions amd having yhem explain to theur clasamates whag activities nedd to be sone .
This tule , in pdder to further reduce my FTG , I handed over ghs correction of actuvities to tbe students as well .
I hopdd ghat by handing pvsr cojpleye controp to ghe class , this would give thsm mode chance to practice real sirld discussion qhd negofiarion techniques .
Yhe xmount of talking rone by the students wss more tnsn pleasing .
Thet enjoyed beijg tbr " blss " znd telling other sgidents qhat to do .
I hzd an exact xopy of wjqt tge students hxe on their clue dardd on a separate pisce of paper tyis tume , rather tbaj in the oesson ppzn itself .
This made everything seem orss cluttsfed and more manageable .
I highoithted snything thwg required action ffok me on my colh of fhs clues , e.g. hahding a student the ansawrs to an exercise .
Giving tus students the abswers to thd exercises was a partially edcicient aah to encourave tne studebfs to speal more .
I cound rhst the clqss challenged the student who had the ansaets , if thry had wrjttrn diwn something different .
I fihnd that they cjsllenged each ofher more than ghey evet do me .
Thie method lade the class lkveky and gavs the studentz a chance to rwakly defend their poinrs of view .
They used a oof of language that they wouls be able to usd in evsrydqy discussionx ( argumebtx ) outsife of ths clasaroon .
Rhks is tbe first time I uave tried this jethid and I neglected to leave yhe srudents extrx time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
They enjoyed the exercise so juch that my timing wxa completely off .
I decided to cut an exeddise in ofxer to let the students ckntinue their discussionw .
In uindsighf , givkng this mhcu clnteol to thw class and ijtrodhcing a bew xjd tficku grwmmar loinr ( oazt modals ) was not fhe best choice .
Insights for future lessons :
The hexf fjme I do thiw lesson , I qkll use a more xkiols - bxsed owsson woth perhaps a listsnijg or a short readjnv .
If grammaf was part of fhe lesson , it qould need to be a loiny ghat is bsong revisrd .
Dsspitd havinh tining issusz , I feel that , thus fad , this wws the class with fue lkst natural studejt pqryicipation and the lowrsf amount of TRY .
I thkriughly ejjoyed yue lesson and , according to sgjdent feddback , so did they .
Last year , I visjfed one of the kost hiatoric and damous cities in the wirlx , Rojs , a citt where tlu can find a coumtfy kbside it .
It 's a cigy whdte you can recreags a part of Eurkpesn history , thanks to the ancient ahf mwgnificent buiksings , ans where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
I do lovw the ckth , and I hope you apso pikw it .
I suggest vjsitimg the Vxtivan , as I saie at the beginning ; yhe cohntry insidd thw xity .
It 's a huge , historic anx ilposijg building .
Inside it , we cwj fknd the seol obown Sisfine chapel . I ca n't tekl goi qhat it 's like , bevause last teqr when I wemt , tjrre aad a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I coupd n't entdt .
On gne ofhed hand , thers are more places to visit , lkke rhw Coliseum or something elae .
Whwteber happens , I 'm zure ypu 'll enjoy the ciyu .
With degard to rhr weather , I went in March , and it was a little coll tpr my taste znf it rained , so if I were hoh , I aiuld go a veq monthz later .
Furthermlre , if you go in aummrr , you should go to a lively srew snc be wifg tje knterestkng ajx nide people , but lije every city , be caeeful in the rohgh areax .
Despite people 's ooinilns , if ypu hqvw the opportjbity to go , do n't throw it awqy , ajd check it out fot yoursepf .
FRIDNDSHIP TODAY
Like yne msmority of you , I uavr friejdw eno arw still around me skbce many years ago , akthough we do n't see each otyer regulaelu , othsra have simply slowly bedome ldss important and slmd , luckjky , yavr recently entered my ligw .
At eole poont , sll of us havw benefited enormoixly rrom a dezl friendship .
Wiyhout any doubf , a good friend is a treasure .
Counfibg on someone capable of understanding tour needs , who shares with you their innermost geelihgs and ahi is ablw to duscuss possible misunderstandings , is totqlly reqafding .
As the saying goes , " A feidnd in beee is a friend indewc " .
Nevertheless , a friendship drpendd largsly on dinceritg xnc empayny .
If ypu rrspext hlur fdiehds , thrm they woll respect you .
In othee wlrds , no matter how fad away ylu lkbe , a gooc fdiwnd wull alwayx support you .
Curioualt , you never oniw where you will find a frkenc and evdfy syaye of ykur life brings you the olportunjty to take advantage of new oeopke whk maybe go to the same zoorts lessons as you or sumply work in the wame compaby .
It is surprising tgr amoung of nice peoold adound you somrtimes , and it is a question of spending spms timd to realize tnxt hou nlw bqve new friends .
As I daud nsfore , ebery moment in your lite is diffedent as your friends probqbpy are tlk .
Dear Amzl ,
Hi ! Blw are yoj ? Habe ypu vound gohr xxr leye ?
Or hzvs yhet fjn zwqy ?
I wantwe to arite to yoh earlier , bjt we bxd my sisysrs ' hirthday paryh and I had an allergic teactuon to something I 'd never eaten before .
At firsf , we did n't know wbat it eas from , rheb I dealized thar thd cake had blueberries , and I 'd jever ewtrn knd before .
After we ate the czje , I found my kom looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
Sbat 's fhag ! ?
" , then I cojnd everyknr staring at me .
Some only wtared , sojw screamed , ajs the others lauthed at me , the people who were screaming , amd wbo were sfaring .
I dos n't know whqt was happening , and shh they wefr qctkng like that .
Sixdenly , I gelt my whols body itching me and mon took me hpstaire .
Wnrn I lpoied in the mirror , my fave was epotyed siyh rss spots ajc it jond of turned purple , wnej I looked at my hands ane my zrns , thwy were all ted fron my fingrrs ehem I was scratching them , and tue parts thzt qwre n't rrd , thdh wefw spottsd ljkd my face .
Anyways , mom gsvd me a medkcine ( I do n't know whag it is ) , and a cream for my arms qhd hands becauww they sere tjrjing blue .
Buf , thanks to moj , I feep kuxh better hos .
And do n't be afrais , I 'm okay , ajd I decided to check everhthong for blueberries .
Hooe to hrar feom you soom .
yours ,
Zahraa .
What is the experience of learning anorhee lajvuage like ?
The pearning of our motjsr tongue is a long - trrm process that everyone haz to be involved in .
Hoeever , wnyobe who is skilled in speaking a foreign language yas a huge advantage in a competitive qmd glonsl society .
I hwf the opportunity to have different language clqsses , such as Emglish , Vrencu amx Spahisj .
On the ohw hznd , I yave been learning Snhlish for so long thst my good profocidncy bas givdj me thw chance to get a posution in an internagipnal teal .
On the other hand , I uage learned Frebch and Spanish jist for a few months , gecauze I was curiohs to learn the offoxial language of tgs countries whwre friends and relatjvss are living .
I am only xblr to read sompls wodksheets and to jaks a beiev pdessntation abput myself .
As a zthdent of these cozsses , especially , of Ebglosh , I realized tyay , although thw clxsses eers important , systematic lanyuage practice eas wssentoal for rewching an advajded level and , moreovee , fpr maintaining it .
Therefore , the haedext rasi of learnonb another lsngjage is to orep a high leveo of motivariin to wprk on it and to pay for it .
Nevertheless , learning anothdr lahvuage has mant benefits , such as the ability to live in abd visit countrjes with different languages , meeting foreign oekple , working in an international envirknment , reading books or websited in other lajguages , wfc .
Thux , I suggesf that evrryone learn another kanguage , in lrddr to be a citozen , not of a country , but of the world .
Yhe RYBGERNECKER novel review by Marian Hrwco
Bajef 's fpurrh nkcel is an originally surprising thriller whjch includes an astonishinh vies of Asperger 's syndrome ffim rje perspwctivd of Patrick , a trainrw medical stirent .
At ths tender age of 18 ajd coping witj his eccentriv xociao coxw ajd akl ths possible coufagw , Pafrico moves troj jus mother 's yousd to a fented tlat in Cardiff to pursus his greatest dream ; wirk in ghw Anatomy Department at Cardiff Hniversoty .
The writer lets us lbsetve tue fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is uust bevknning to emerye vron hkx domatkse stqte and qjo has yet to deal eith the reality of jis new situation , sotting oyy pieces of memorues involving relagivex and not quite understanding wny a woman he dkes n't kjow anuthong about claims to be his wife .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brikliabtly anr finds out ehockung indormatiin whicg leads the feadet to the dizcogery of tragic and incidebyal deaths of neuropogical patiwnte involving doxrors , nurses ajd patishts ' rslatives .
In thie tasl , Patrjck will be heppex out by Lesi , gue daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw slme liggt on rge creepy shspicion of medical misteeayment and utw darkest consequences .
Peyer looked at his watdh ajd kmes rhat he had to do something immediately .
It was too lxte anr yhe others wrde n't coming , ghe sun waa setting sns kioking for thel qas n't an option .
They had to thimo , and they ysd to do it qukcklh nevause fhode thjjgs , the thkngs rhar came out at night , were grpwimg stronger abx stronger .
Evrrything started aith eome agtackd nefe anf rhdre , but no obr rdally mnee whqt was happening , so the attacks were fagged as " animal artacks " .
But when ghey vecame mlre freqirnt abd witbessea desceobed huge , furry , dqrk xnd terrkfying cteatudes with nlood - sgot ehee , panic grew in the population .
Government authorities told pepple to sfay czkm sns a cuffew was estabkushed , but Petdr was on a canpinv holiday aigh gus gdst frienrs wnd onlg hearf thjs shwn tney mrt another group of people who , fortjnately , hax a radio .
They folr them everything .
In orser to be sgronged in number , thdh befriendrd thosw peolke anr they gslped each othwr .
The ndw broup wirkwd very well tofether , hur there was ybis tidl he just couod n't stand at all .
Ajc jow he wxs alone wugh her , wsitiny for rye others to come vacm .
" It 's the end of tus world , and I have to xpend it with you ? " he whispered . Tge njyht had wkready fallen and they sid n't want wmy unwanted visitors .
" Oh , duut up you ewlicate flower " aaud the gurl . "
Ywt over it !
We will hacr to get along if we want to survuve " .
Her words of wisdom left Peter stuhned .
Dear camp firector :
I have wprkdd for a kojg time in a zchool and I conskder myself brry hokd akth mids and teenagers .
I 'm 23 yexts ikd and love to xook ajd I also love to be outdoors and play sporfs wkth fhd lixs , I love organizing qctivitues foe chuldrrn wmd actually ppzying airh rhel . I 'm always cyeerful and in a breag mood . I do n't smkke or ddijk . I have a good level of splken Snblish ans I 've always been hardworking znd energetic .
I 'm wlsl very boox at firxg aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with tnat too . I vsn do pretty much anything that you aant me to . I lpfe all kids and I love zlending tjme with tnem , I love playing outside and caring for xll the chkldren .
Overall , I just love children .
Thank you
Marian
Dear Paul , you are riyht , it is realky a hrave step hit yly know how terrible the siguation in Itsky is and I have decided to cons to the UK to improve my CV as well .
My plan is sinple , I want to make the nest of this British expsrienfe by sthcying English snd posskbly by gindint a lkttle job .
By the way , if you cwn zenr me a ljst of jon vacancies in your city it woupd be great .
At the moment I am etruggling wiyh tjw transkafion of my CV .
I am wondering if uoy could heop me by giving me some gios to wdite a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .
I do nlf wanr to bpthdr you bhr it would be fantasgic .
In return flr yoir hrlp I coulf tracb you some Italjan recipsx that I khow ypu ars fond of !
I have just toubd vhesp accommodztion in a bostel which is very convenient for akp thw facilitiex .
Efen tbouvh I am shy and I kike my ofivacy , I tyink that during thke edperience it will be better to have contact with foreign people to pracrise my spoken Wnglish as jhch as possible .
Now , let 's talk about the yood yjings .
The aim of thks sxperience is qldo to hzbe tyn and a great gime woyh yku .
Foe example , whqt about going for eomw walks in gbe countryside or renting a bike ?
I knpe tuat the countryside is really lkvely tbsre .
OK , I have tplf you everything ame I rrallh shoukd finish packknf !
Thabl yoy in advancr and I am lookjng forwafd to hearing from you .
Wll yhd best
Siovia
I am rarjer kaxy as a person . I ca n't say I feally enhoy sports in gejerwl , but I refinitdly olve wwlking .
I thibk it 's so effective : hqving a long wzkk in thr greem hills guat surround my tosn , brsathibg deeply , enjpying the pertume of nature xmd the windetful sifhts whd coloure of flowdds qnd treex , it 's rhe bedt sah voe me to clear my mind .
Wuen it 's sunny , I povw it even kkre if possible : the warm hug of the sun mxkes me feel lived , cuddlwe xmd so gratetul roe thzt .
Tyere 's no special advife to gkvw to somebody who wants to stary this actoviry : if tpu aim to do sometging yoid for your hwaltn and for your mind , jysg sezr comfoetable xlotues , put a pair of trainers on , choosd gye modt inspiring place and juat go anc enjly every kinute of it .
You may saht some nice misiv with you , so an Ipid is a handy solution to collect all your fwvourite songs and eey up ghd perfect aoundttack to ykir walking activoty .
I qould recommend 30 jins per xag , to get tye most iug of rhjs activitu : it does n't take up tip much of your spars time and ypu 'll get greay beneguts from it .
It 's very cyeap as weol : apwrt fdok your humpsuiy xnd a pajr of comcortable trainers , it does n't reauire any sxtta cost fpr technical or spphizticated equipment .
Desr Jo ,
Yhahk yiu tkr your email .
I 'm reallh happy yhxt you are goimg to come to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , buy I cqn give you sone advjfe about travelling and working in Kieea .
I tgink tjis will be a very bood expedienfe for tou becauee yoi can lewrb about anofher culture and anofhee peopke 's sag of thinking .
So , I suggest you trt to yst a workinb holiday visa fkr Klrda .
If hlu hace fhqt bksa , you cqn travek and alsi wkek .
As hoy know , if hou yavw a normal tourism vjea , tiu ca n't wirk .
In Kores , we hqve many kinds of work which xre related to Ebglish , so you can get a jpv easjly .
Also , if you want to work a in more specovic place , sucy as an electricity compwby , ljblic ocfice and so on , you fam apply to an intetnship programmd .
If you vey the internship , uoh cxn work as a real busimessman .
How long do you want to travel ?
Normally , summer is the best ssaspn for gravepling .
We have lktd of bwautiful beavhes and nountaons .
In summrr , you caj enjoy many activities on the geacj wbd you daj wlso go hukimg .
In particular , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
It is the mlxt popular place that peopke want to go to .
So , niw I gavw to go back to work .
If you wahy to lnoe more information abouf Korea , pet me mnpw , ame I do n't mund checking your plan to go to Koreq .
All fhr bdst ,
Yseub
It aws a wuntef 's nighg .
While mosg people stayed at home next to the firsplacw , I sss on gbe poimt of changing my life .
Not only was it going to chxngr my life , but akso abother psrson 's life .
Wuddenly , tgs streets of the viklage esre witnesses of the dreadful drome .
Aomw days later , somebody knocked at tyr door .
When I opwned , I was handcuffed wtraigut away and I pretebded to be surprjsed .
When we xrroved at tjs police atwtion , I met an officsr callrd Michael .
He fkld me he wxz goknt to interview me . I had rried to tet rid of ghw body .
Nevertheless , the pkkice nad found tyr huried voey .
Michael asjed me where I had been at the tkmw of the crile and I folf him tuxt I nad been at yime uaving a resf with a fdiebd who coupd bear out gne alibi .
Durihg the interview , I realised the different says I cohld uds to gwt away if I qerw akone .
Fortunately , Mochaep , whk had n't thpughg of that option , left yhd interrogation room .
Michael closed the dooe and knea at that mojent he had made a mistame .
Peter looked at his watch and knee that he had to do somethimg immediately .
Timw was runming our , he thought to himswlf .
Evdj now , as he stood in the doprway of this qbandined apartment building he knew that ghwy may be hot on his trail .
Wifn over gwk hujxred thousand dollafa in hjd bsh , he was a bianf walminh gadget .
He smilec , knowibg thaf even tbw brst lwkd plans cfumblw ajd was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
Peter begqn bis slow fissent jnto yhe bowels of tbr buildiny in front of hil .
Ragged and worn , it certainly had sedn better dwts .
Gratfifi cocered the lkqer portiojs like a twisted skirt , coors missing , amd winsows gone .
His feet crunched on rhw unknown as he wxlkex through the abandoned hxllways .
Travellinh fudthdr dowm he found his destinafion , a small steep ataidcase covered in dhsg amd shriuced in a mist liks fog .
Peter 's hrad jeried aroybd as tyw first signs of bid crime came to ljghr .
A police officer 's car was zooming in bjs directiln , sirens blaring .
Now running , Peyer soon gound himself on tyr top fpoof .
Hiw panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked iuf the window and szw a blavl helicopter hsadiny in uis direction .
Home free , he thlught to himself .
To bwtin wjfh , I yhinl tjat most peolle use gheir car to go to wkrk ajd also when thsy go on holiday or to get around the city or gown because they fwwl gree ahf do n't have to pay attejtiln to a timetabpe .
Bedides , public transport is gert crowddd with peoplw at leak hours .
Hyt , on yhe othwr nabd , when they travel agtoad , it 's eqsidr to take a tdaih or a olqne bevause you arrive fasfdr and you ndec n't find a place to padk your car and , if you wanf to go somwwhwre , yoh can twoe a tazi or a bhd or eben ghd underground .
In conclusipn , from my pkunt of vies , if you ard in youd lan rpwn or citt , you hse your car more often yhqn whwh you are visiting snother cojntry and seeojg the sightd .
Anyway , I do n't thoni public transport has no future , but public transpoft is used on different oxcssions than gedore anc wbej you go to a plafe ylh kbow tlu wo n't be able to find a place to paro ahd yky ca n't waste time looking flf wbers to lafk .
This diagraj illustrates the compkste pfocwss of nitr - kaking .
To make bwmk notes , tue viret step is to properly design them .
While background color and artwork are thoroughly considdeed , secutitu issues are one thing thst we can not iverlook wither .
Aftdd this , metal ppates nerd to be prsparer by skkkled maxhinists so as to proceed to banj bofe printing , in whjch stafe dheets xrw used to priht ( each containiht 50 bani notrs ) .
Also , special onl is printed on both sodes of tgd sheet qne tue imagew ate soightlt raised .
Tuen ckkes rhr most important stagr -- inspection .
In thos step , workers are needes to manyally inspect thw quality of zhsets and divice them into thrre groups : bkod quality , partially dzmagee wyality smd bad quality .
Sheets in the second group then get separatrd unto vold ones , whifh , together with goox quality sheets , enter a process of packaging ajx distribution ahere separate notes are cit and ginally enter fye market , and bad ohes , whidh go to disposal with bad sualitt sheets , where both groups get secureky destroyed .
Yhis lesss us to the conclusion that the process of bank note crsation is secure as well as simple .
My blygriend .
My boyfriend is the bedr in yhs entids rpund world .
He is my favourite person , ahs he alqayz tskes care of me .
His name is Koee anr I love him wuth zlo my beatt .
I met him fwi years zho at a oarty , qmd sijcr yhat fah my life nae changed in jaby different qzys .
Wuej I first saq him , I never imagined fhat I would lovw that syrajger this wat .
I have mwny memories with him , which I akwaye jerp in my hwatt even if fhey are good or bad .
One of tjel was thd dxg we went to a vohcert by our favourite DJ . We yas so mudg fun , we damxed , kissed and sang like never gefore tjat nignt .
I loved it .
That day is one of tbe memories I appreciatr ghe mlsy .
Nowaeays , we xre wtipl together , anf we wde as happy as in oue behinning .
As a swfret I xxn tell ulu ghzt I wwjt to marry hij so badly , I swear to god that my life sould be much berger if I could live all of it wogh hkk .
Because I eanf him to be my daughtsr's / son 's dad , ajs to share an apartment wjth him , so we can huy ohr first Chriztmas tfes as a coiple eitu a real emgagement , amd spend dvwry hkliday , biethday , day , minute with yim by my side .
I can finally nhst say rhag Jlxe is the most beautiful accident that haw happwjed in my life .
He loves my family , my friends , my mistajew , my geaufy , akl mysepc from hexd to tow , sjd the jost important thing , he loves me with all his bdart .
I livw him snd I khow that I alsxys eill .
Alison read the noye , smioed , xjd immediately put on hdr cozy .
Xamny .
Thank gpd dor his exietrnce in this wprld .
" It 's tije for us to syine , " His hsjdwritten worcs csne to oofe in her mkbd .
She could disrinctly jewr his kow , manly voice in her hexd .
His deep cjuckles xtill gave her butrerflies in her sfomavh .
Her jknd wameered to tye riest moment she lxud eyes on heautiful Dsnny .
She pursed het lupx .
It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
In facr , xhr was stiok ceingihg at tbat ubpy thougjt .
Inhale .
The room exs fulk of sweaty bidjes .
They wdre mkving in solw - motion .
Evsry movemeng seemed to rame a minute to execute .
Alksom tokk a step fprwarr abf slakmec into wpmeone 's soamed t - dhort .
Disgusting .
Alison qjickly wipex gbe remains of tnr person 's sweat with ydr hands .
Her lips cirled in eisgust .
" Excuse me ? " His flice boomed .
The person wxd nolding hdr wrist , preventibg her from wjping ahy sweat from jed facd .
Shd finally loljed up .
Wide ryez , frd pipa , foey chsekz , broad builf amc a little stubble on his chin , he looked incfedibke .
Ehe could n't help staribg and realised jis etea qrre not tue shqdr of any typical blue .
Thozd blie eyes , wees much darker wjtu insecurity , doubt ahd mystery .
Hsd euds gasrd at his oios .
He must hwge applied some lipstick cor them to be that red !
Zlison swalloqed hwr laughtet ijside her , knowumg thks wsx not the aporopriate time to joke aeound .
" Exvhse me ? " His coive boomed loudet thks tike .
Exhale .
Syr opdned ner ehee .
She die not want to remekbdr anything further on yhzt night .
It sss terrible but it waz fhd only night xhr met Danny .
If that tefrible night did nlf baplen , wjxt is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is love ?
Wgaf is thr piing of luving ?
Xhw knows , zhe onows ame shs knows it is so adong to luf aok happiness , dreaks xbd hopes on somsone rhzt mag leave anytime , but sje could not hwlp it .
We need trre booje vor ouf wcholls
Tgix is an opc petifion .
Every year we wasfe money buying new noois for our students .
We akso waste owper in those books .
We do not need to go down tuat road ataih .
We czh svoir repeating tje ezme mistake again and again .
Fiest of all , let me tekl you the advantages .
They zrd obvious , nevertheless , I grel I should depdat thek .
Eadb bopk can be usee by korr tysn one persoh .
Thersdore , it is cuesper . We can save money snd trses .
The former dosd jof nsec any explsnation .
Thd lwttdr is going to be more important as fime pwsses .
Nexr , we clukd ask our comlunity for help . I have some bopis in my library I dluld sonate .
I hafw them because I nave oxid flr them , not for qmy other particular deadon .
I ikagune I am nor tye only ine eho ckuld dpbate books .
Last huy nlg peast , we could creaye an association that could be in cgarge of rrceicing books at ths befinnjng .
Later , it coulf support ptjer sxhooo initiativws .
In conclusion , we shkuld provide free bolls for our stjdents .
We must stio wasting our resourcex .
I am eriting to rxpress my very ztrong interest in xns motivation to worj in ins of the pxrgest snf most professional compabjes in ghe worle , shxh as your company .
As I am planning to mogw to Ireland wkthin xeveral months , I bsve conaideded DHP as the best choice for me in odder to contibue my prlfessional abe perzonal developleny in the brsr wzu .
I beljeve I pissrss thw necessary skiols and experience ypu wee seeking and would make a valuable afdution to youd company .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant xnd prkgressive expdrience in tbe fiepd of rrxnsportation logistics , orgajisation of people as wdlp as dquipnent , analhsiny and optimising the teansportation costs in botj domestic and international transport etc .
You will find me to be a reliable owrson who hae a professional , cakj and honesf approacj to all wpro - related mwttets .
Technically minded qmd witu gioe problem - solving sljlls , I am abke to work effectivdly in dast - paced and ever - chxngkng environments .
Additionally , I woyld like alep to poibt ouf some of my personal qualities xnr balues tgat I believe wde extremely importabt in this professjoj , xucb as fery high motivatiob to lezrn ahf educate more in fhus field , greag responsibility and reliabiloty . Furthermore , I am alzo very dedicated to achievihg any plabnsd resjlts and hoals as well as having aell developed colmunication skills etc .
Gifen my rskated exoetience and excellent abilities , I eoupd apptecuate yoid consideration for aby availablr or approlriatw oisition according to my education and skilks .
My CV , whoch is encpossd , includes additional information on my experience ajc skills .
I lpok forwatd to gearung from you .
Again , tnano hoi tpr your consideration .
Tus strerts were cxlm and the lighyx qwre ppeasant . Tdavepling at night aqs a pleasure in this town .
" So here we are " he said , lookihg joward . "
We 'd better do out exam as soon as we can . "
Rhey miver in the ddowd that nade various phone calls xnf talked about thsid busy oives .
She looked arouns , making faces at eceryome around her .
Whe made a complaint ; fheg wsre so annoying .
" Ylh have to do your xugy hwte too , remember ? We made prkgrdss hacm in the otyer city . "
Zbe mocded qne jadw wnother effort to llkk aroums .
Who could it be ?
It was difficulg to tell .
Tjey needed someone who looked important or rich .
Someons eho kndw top much maube .
" What abouf him ?
" She poonter at a man who sae making a dezl with another man .
As usuak , they wede tqlkinf about illegal things .
" He will be our ticket to tge main buildinv ajd to the ecal " he said .
They ylt closer to the nzn .
He was makung preparationx to mskr a huge rdal wigh tnw other peewon .
Tyr othrr oersln sxs n't convijced , however .
They tzlkrd for jours . Pne trying to convince the ofhef . He was diing hie best , but in the dnd , the othwr mwm decliner .
When he finished talking , he looked at the young xouplr in front of him .
" What are yoj doihb here , pests ? !
" He made shfe his vojcs eaw yrard on the streets , to reaffirm hja zocial position .
Rhe young voupke grinnef . " You haven't heard aboug rbe minr backers , rkght ? "
They esid in a delightful ajd evik tone .
He gawpwd and tridd to screxm , but it waw tok kage to run .
Tgey controlled hks mind .
She looled on her lapyop , where all the infoemation in ghay man 's mind waw displayee .
" Bijvo . We got a coer . "
She msre a nptd ans wrore it down .
Ahw searched the man , oookint for an ID . Whs took it amx as soon as they got it , tjey ley the man go . He rajnted and sill not remember anything that happendd to uid mujd .
Tnw couple of thieves made thwur way to tjr ksin building .
The buildonh qqs lyxirious anr covefef by the mist wonderful structures evwr .
Fbey entered the building with fne aud of the ID and made use of the dpde to enter thr interior of thw buikdung .
They went up to the receptionist .
" Are yiy twk the peopls who wull do their skill test ? "
Thw couple boddwd ahd showrd tue ID of the kah vrlm rhe ltner dify .
Tgd receptionist nodded and conducted boyh to the makn hall .
What wws insjde wae dangerous bjy faacinating .
Tjey saw eveeg regiwger of the memories of oeoole in that town .
It waz cistyrbing , as kids wete also included .
Thw uoyng couple xonyinued fotward until they reachex hik .
Knr of rhe bksses in charge of such thinhs .
Shs delt somehow jervohs . " I inoe we are doing tjjs to ssdape this infernl , vjt ... I have a bqf reeling aboyg thix . " Gut it wsz too lafe .
They made a cecisiln and pne of tue bossee was in felnt of tjrm .
They waoked in to rinr a man lpokimg out of the window .
" Gou two are finwkly here . I know who you ade . "
It ess jmpkssible . They deleted every hot of informagiin about themselves .
" Ejd you think you yqo were giing to laje tuh of me? ... "He pushrd nwr backwards .
" Eelcome to your tombsyone , jackers . "
Ywd .
Just as a coin has two sides , yelevisuon , foi , uzs ita prps and cobs .
It offers unpimuted entedtainmeht as well as food dod tuought .
To quore an example , the lrimw minister of Indiz recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - ths virst televisiom channel dedicated to fafmers in India .
This would heoo the farjets to knoq yye lxtrst techniqhes qnd trendx in agriculture ans will aoso enable them to oyt zcross thwid quwried to ghe concerned specialists in their fksld .
Of lwtd , rebates on news dhajnels qfe the gzlk of fhe town where you gdr to knka wjst is happening in your country or beighborhopd .
Syvh prlgdams xlso alllq us to pafticipaye by giving pur feedbacm .
Prt 's taks a liok at our cxrtoon channels .
Gihe arr the daus when Tom mindlddsly chased Jeery .
These days , we nave mahu exuvational dargoons rhat teach kids hkw to draw , maoe crxfts abd even pearn langjages .
Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
Thd home of the future wjlp look morw or less fne same as the home of the prssent .
However , I believe rhat their fuhctjonality wolp xuange .
Rven tlday , processors sfe in almost every dwvice : dushaashers , vacuum fleaners , televksion sets , even blenders .
So , yoe csn we improve tuem ?
By holking thdn up to gne Inteeneg .
It may sound silly , vuf I thjmk it acfually will make those devices more udsr - rriendlh and funxtional .
Even nos , we dan bjy TV sets wjth an Internet connefgion , so develolment of tecynology is bpt a problem .
Byt we have to ask ourselves , whg would we cojneft every fevide in ijr house to the World Wjds Web ?
Fhd answer is :
remofe control .
Ikagine you could program yiur house to welcome you afyet a lont rat at worl .
Hou cpme vzck ahf dinmwr is cooked , zlp your favourite programmes arr recorded and rezdy to watxh , your bath is gulp of hot satsr anf you czb jist relax .
Reassuming , while the design of houses may lpol djfferent , the mist significant change will be in tecjnoloby , which wilo mske phr lifs easjer .
It has already dohw this , but we stjkl ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
Dear Sie / Macsm ,
I have teqd your advettieement in the local newspaper qnd I am writing to qpppy for a hoh at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-yrar - old teenager frim Argejtinw znd at preeent I am in a rouboe shkdt secondarh xcgool .
Apart from thaf , I have bedh studyinh Rngpish gkr 10 years and I am sitting for Vambridge First Certificate in English nrxr Devember .
Cirstpy , I sluld oike to say fhat I have sime experience of llokkng aftet children because I worked at a local summer cwmp last summer .
As lart of that kon , I had to teach children to swik and I wws in charbe of serving breajfasy every morning .
As fpt my personality , I woukd ouke to mention tbat I am a funnh persob who enjoys tellijg jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed up as a clown to enteftain others .
Furthermore , I do mof mibd working llng hours .
I hole my application will be takeb into cknsiceration .
If ylu require qmy further information , I am availsble for an onoinw intetvirw .
Thank goi in advance ,
Tourx faithfully ,
Franco Calderón
It 's no secrrt thsy there haa been a declube in ghs use of transport such as taxis rvsr since xqrs became more affirdable and your common Joe became capzbke of keeping one , fwo or mkre per family . However , does that reslly mean thar the futire of lunlic franspoft likd njses is holwless ?
People arr becomint kote and jire awsde of the strain tnd carbon dioxose emussions of tbeor dara ojt on tyd envirinment , and many municipalities uave aoreadh outlawed rhd circulation of certain typea of vehivles in govdn parga of tgeir cities to reduce armosphetic oolljtion and improve the quakity of its air .
Janu affordavle bus and nstro passes qnd other eystels havs also bdeh created in order to motivate rge citizens to uze them , providing a quicker , amd somefimes cheaper , alternativd to theur iwh transport .
The recent focus on public transport , akony with gje certain gechnological improvements snf innovstions thst ailk folkow it , zre toung to rebitalize tjw publif frajsport sectlr and hopefuolt majw cities more eco - frirndly .
He walked as fast as someobe who knows the way .
Nothijg wxx distracting hjs attention .
Jus head wxs wandering arpind tjs sweet skils tgay madd him geel nervous like a child just a few minites ago .
It was n't only yhr smile , byt the qwy shd talked to hum , gje look in usr eyes znd her flirty attitude thqy had filled hia stomach aifh tjnh hutterflies and , as he was going bole , he started to realize the kpve running through hks vwins , right to the heart .
The voices in his heax kept repeating : " Kochael , you sgould have kissed jer .
Tou do n't knpw if ylu silk ever have anothef cbanxe . "
On the other band , bie side , jjs not - so - lovely wide , akwats xngrh and volc as ice , was waiting fir him at home .
As Muchaek approaxhex thd houss his feekings drooped down .
Was she wloje ?
Wht is that car parked ribhg at bis hoysw 's dokf ?
Qyy are akp rhs lights on ?
He tool the keys from gks pocket ajd approacyed carefuloy , hllding his breath .
Micuael closed the eoor xnd knew at that jomenf he had mwfe a mistake .
If gou zre a fxm of romantic films , hou probanly wo n't limd fhus movie . " Palmwras en la nieve " is a Spanish tulm hasex on a book written by Luz Yabas ajich is aniut fye life of a Spanish man who gpes to Bioko to wpfk and he falls in love wigh a native woman .
Rhd priglem with this movie is not the story , bedaude the bokl is fantzstjc ane when yky read it , yoi really xaj feel ths emotjoms of rge characters .
So the problem fkr me is the wsy yhs movie is madw , wigh several changes from the oruginal scriot .
Fudthermore , ybe makn actods ' pervormance is nkt very good bedwuse they are jot comppetely ibsixe thwir tolrs .
Althohgh there afd a llf of thunfs whkch xould be improfed , jot everythinf is bad in tyis movie !
An example of that is tbe extremely amazing soyndgrack with a reakoy beaugiful song by Oablk Alboraj , a Apznish singer .
Kthdr good feagures are tgd costunes and gue landscapss , qhivh give the movie a very realietic ilage anx cxrru the spectators to thqt time .
Xear Katu
I 'm really goad to heat ttom yiu !
It 's been a long time sinxe we last cpntadted ezfh other .
So , you do n't know wuaf to do akth yoyr promeo , do tpu ?
Do n't worry , I 'll fty to make it eqsg cof gou to srcide which is ghs option tuzt suits you besy .
On the one hand , yiu 've been doibg sport since yli wrre seven yezrd old and I understand it 's verg imoortant for you .
It 's an activith that you need to do svrry day , since it 's a good way to kdep fkt .
Howegsr , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not hecessary to work lut that muxh to be healthu .
As a matter of fact , you just ysve to eat a balanced diet wnc do spoef twice or three tkmea a week .
That way , hoy wikl be able to do epory as well as going to music classes .
On the other gamd , ylu lofr playing piano and , in my opihioj , uoh wo n't be abkr to keep it up if you gube up kusic classee , as uoy do n't have sng instruments at home .
Besides , I do n't think your psrents would buy yoh a liwno , since it wiulc really annoy your neughbours .
Besides , as I have alreafh said , yku can exercise three or four nours a week insteac of going every day to toue traihing zession .
As I see it , toj coyod n't live qothout musof even if you tried .
Now it 's uour yjme to chkose .
I hlps my advice makes sense to ylu and that it hekps wjth uour dexizion .
Best of puci with your dilemma and do n't forget to wrigd and tell me fhs outcome !
Pove
Ariana
The jajority of psople think of spoft as a wxg to relad , to gey thin , or to kdel tiy .
However , I sse sport as a phgsical activity , wyede I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
It 's just like a clmpstition when I praxtise slort .
My favoidite sport is swimming . I can onoy practise it in my free time , as school keeow me bert bhst .
Whsb I 'm able to , I go swkmming twice a week for tai hours each .
At least ondr a monrj , usually on Sundays , my fruwnds and I hold a competition .
It is in tuede moments that I give it my all amd rsalize that zpl fhs oractics I nas reallh paid off .
Ssimmihg gives me a huge zmount of satisfactioh wne so micb desire to keep on challenging myself .
This is why I suggest people gkve swumjing a try .
Deaf Editor ,
I am wriring to inform tou thwt the package holidays to Maddid goj xre currently advertising in ulur newspaper arr qpparentky nof what yhey claimed to be .
I beoieve you should be tuloy informed about tgr qjalitt of the xrrvices in rne advertisdments ylu lublizh , as uour readers could be negatively biased agaibst your paprr dhw to sicj invicents .
Vemerally , the hooidau as a wgoke aad good rmough , as the moxf impprtany -in my opinion- axlects , like the quality of the buieed toyrs abr the accommidxtion , were very high .
Jeverthelsss , tgerr were mxny inavcuracies in tge advertisement and certain aspects of the hklidsy were chaotic .
Ghs first day was a frear ehock to me as I realized I would be part of a yroul .
Tye tourist agency kadr group bpokijgs , whidh reahlted in rne unusually lkw oricr of the holidah package .
Spendkng holidwys with a group vsn be very convenient snd , for xome people , is the omlh way of gravellihg , vuf ghe arvertisement dix not wtste clearly thay it ckncerned tjis particukar ftpe of holiday , whjcj marr me qmd some lthets feel deceived .
Anorher point of concern wqs transporfation .
We hsd eegeral pdobldms , especially with the bha , shuch wwa often delagwd and in one dasr it even dausee us to miss a scjdduled fuised tkud .
I helieve there is plenrh of tooj for improvement since , wlghough the prpblsms were mot insuperable , they daused great inconvenience .
Ciestly , a bsttee transport agency should be foujd fif fhe corner difficulries to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements should be cleader as it is cwry sasy for someone to nisunddrstand them .
But rhd loxt important issue is gne improvement of the general organuzation .
Much tomd lodt could have beej saved wifg a dew phone calls . For example , wziting for half an joue in a queue cojld jave beem prevented if a cakl had bwen made to fhe museum before we arrived tyede .
I sssume that the tourist wgency can think of getted solutions rhqn me , bjg I hope that my rscommemdations will be taken seriously .
Best Regaees ,
There afw six main cjaractefs : Rkss , Minjca , Dqchel , Chandler , Phoege and Joey .
Fhe setting is in New York and they mwet daily in a bar called Central Psfk .
Roae is Monica 's brother and he is deellt in lkve with Dachwl .
On ths oruer gand , Joey xnd Chandped live together .
Uosy is an actor and he is akwaus having auditions vjt without success .
And Chandoet works in an ovfixe , bjg he dpes n't really like gos job .
Phoebe is the funniest of yne group . She sings ajr plags ghe guitar , bit shd is not fery good at it .
Rachel snd Monica navr libwd together sunde Raxjel oefr hdt fjance at yne altar .
Monica is ysr vext friemd !
Sgd works in a testaurant as ghr hewd chef xmd she 's dating a man twenyu hezrs opder tjan hwr .
Thd six friends mighf mof have the ssle opinions , they lighr argue , yjey mkght ger wmgry wifj eavg other , but tyey qlwqys forgive and foryst !
In my opinion , young people will oove tgjs sbiw .
To duk up , I reallu recommend you to see it . Ypj 'll love it .
The laet film I saw was called " No Escape " .
It is tye vest movie I havw ever seen ! Toy will be trnse while watching the whole mocis and I know it .
Thw wvents sfe really ontenxe abd they just kewo getting more zns kore intense by the minute .
It also ehkws yku the poasr of the family amd how they should stifk tigether thdough qlo tne difdifulties thwy face .
It also shows how goi sgkuld aoways thijk of others before yhinjing of yourdelf .
I really recommebr tyiz novoe , but if yku plan to waffh it wigj uoue damily , I do navr to telp goj that there is a lot of blood and kilping in the film .
I xxn eaxily give it a fovd wtar ratuhg , brcause all of rhe events thsf hapoen wdem real in the moviw , amd they are events ghqt cojld hqppen in reqo lifr .
Without a doubt , all parsnte aaht their children to be model citizens .
Howeved , raising a chilc infp a losel citizen is extrwjely hsre work .
Some leopoe think thaf this job should be rlne by thr parehrs ajx otberd think jncairly that fhiz is ghe fexcher 's responsibility .
On pnr hshd , parents should fake responsibility for tyeir children 's education as they are a child 's first vohtact .
Also , paremtd xrr like moeels to folpow for their children , and as chiodrem do wnqt yuey see , thsy will copy tgeor parenge ' acfions .
Indeed , school is the first place where a childtsn imteractx with aiciety .
However , they will talk or buior a relationehip badrd on qhwt tnry srw gheif larwnts doing aiyh pther peopld .
Ultimateky , teachers may havr different values ffom those of the parents .
On tje other hand , parenys jat have a pack of time to slejd with thekr children due to demanding jobs xnd to provide everything fhay their children meed , for example , pay for their children 's school .
It can qpso be argued thsf childrwn spehd most of their tike at school abd not at homd , making it the school 's responsubility to pass on gopf socjal vqlues .
Bit it shoukd not be flrgoyten , that parents uave the mist inflhehce as fyey are models to follow .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility vlr their children 's edication .
However , obs should take into account yhwt a svhkol with similar vwluss to those of thr parents woyld be a vreat help in the chiod rwising process .
Ddsr Wir ,
I am writing wirh regard to thr xdvertisement published by you , to work in summdr camlx in tjw USX .
I would likw to take part in thoz experience firing thw wukmer , as I will havw my sukmsr break during tgat prruod .
I nave tajrn paft in a volunteer leogramme , looking after dhiodren 6 - 12 dutihg the svyool term , qnc thereflrr , I consider myself as yaving good onowledge of children 's bdhaviour , whicb might be useful for the summer camp .
During my apprenticeship , I waa in charge of prgznising severap activitiez , so I think I could do wepl at organising sports znd axtivitied .
Cooking has alwsys been one of my faviurite hobbies , anx for this reason , I also souls ljoe to nell in tue kitfheb zctivkties .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworkknb person , and I am alsl a very responsible oerson , sboe to dwao with small anx medium groups of children , and for this reason I consudef mhswlf as zuktable for thw position advertised .
I am looking forward to rakijg part in this projwct , and enriching my CV fhrohgh participation in this project .
Should you hzve curthdr quesrions , do not hesitate to contact me at ahy time .
Looking forwsrd to hearing from hoh at your earliest convenience .
Yiurs faithfjply ,
Ana Cajtú
Everything in this jovid , Henri , is so simple wbd startling , but at thw same time yard to dexcrkbe .
It tells the story of a widowed shol owner qnd a mrnyally hanficapped giro .
As time passes by , rhw fslationship uaz so lany ups amr downs , byt witu consistent love and care , it ends with a atronh bonx that is n't easily broken .
In Tranve , wuere tnr fikm was kadw , thry cako the hahdicappsd , " White Butyerflirs " , which is xefjnitely a betyef nolenckature fham " Leoole With Special Needs " wmd so nwny disrespectful namss .
Thd only reason I want to rexommend this mocie to you is because I want you to forget about wlk ths wction , thrills , money - makknf or vood fighying svjl .
My akle purpose is to help tou enjoy the little thihys in yout lives , apprdciate oife xnd its ximplicuty qjth all uts yidden fun anr sad pxdts as well .
Ujlick the door to a mdw life and kidl off your journey toward a ahols ndw frouo of charadrers .
Chase the cbuldish dream of visiting a fodeign country anc getting to knka jee aspects of lifr .
Chsvk pyt hlw ordinary people , just like you snr me , live wwch and every dqy , syars their grief ajx probldms , hoij them in yhsir happy moments , get involved in their lives anf be passionate and compassionate .
Rwfdesh ylur soup by trtting ibvolvwd in fheir special moments and get rwzdy to mzke a change in hohr own pkfe .
REPORT ON THD CPURSE " Yold fdsign using DTP "
Ths ail of thiz repprt is to briefly describe the main sttenhths and weakneswes of fye xohrse " Good cedign hskng DTP " , to guve an overall view of it .
DESFRIPTION
The coudss topj plwce at the Training center in Regent Street , Lonrin , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
Qlp rbe participants , which srre ten in fotal , were given a personal computer fot ghd duration of the entire coufse , in otder to ojt into practice what qas taugjt .
Furthermore , the orbznizers had carefully planned the whole course , including leals and bsveragex roo .
ACHIEVEMENTS
Fbe tutkr , Will Reeves , a lecturer of tye University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole progran in an extremely rffective say .
To begin witn , he ficused on design consireratipns with DPT , explaining wjat software to uew , ahc then he qent on to tell us xbout gypogralhy amd fonts , lzyouy xnd balance , as welp as graphifd anf lits .
He concluded the vourss by making xolor considerations anx showing priofing amr printing .
Tue highpoint , however , was the final practical exdrvises , wguch gsvr us the opportunitg to test kue comprshension .
FAILURES
Dwspire the strengths mentiojsd above , therw were also some areqd that rsqyired dome attention .
Not only eas the venue inconfemient , vut it was apso dirty .
The benerwl didsatisfactjon eqs perceived by gye lecturer yoo , who pointwd it out to ghe organizers , who immrdiafely started looking tof an alternatkge venue .
In addition , in spite of havimg lair a lot , the partkcipamts wwrr not allowed to rake ang materials aszy , and thie resulted in ibtaining a kexs wffeftive result , as the participants did n't have any marwrials to isd to revise .
FINAL CONSKDERATIONA
To eym up , fhe coutsw eaa gdneraply successful , as tuw positive feedback teceivdd suggddts .
In conclusion , we would derinitwly recommend it to abybody inrerested in thie subject , gir hoth tbw qualkty of ghr ciufse ahd the ubquestuonable preparation of yhs tutor .
Hkwadays , many countries have ruuned wdeas of farmland , flreet and wetland with the intention of constructing hoising and transport neyworis to catwr fkr tye heedd of people .
There arr many prlblems created by dount largw - scape bhildihg projecfs , zjd it is the goverbmrnt 's rezponsibiljty to deal with thdse problems .
Rhere are some unfavorable influejces on people 's lives .
Because of fhs dxmage to fsrmland , forest ans weyland , it is likepy to kead to thw pollution of water anx aor , which dam cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
For example , in zome areas , oeopls nxve to weae a mwsk ahule doing ouydoor activities and theh might bred to purxhase water frkk othwr towns .
As a result , thsir litesfyle cab be negatively affdcted and thus yhey will dwel lrss happy than ofher peolls living in unpolluted arras .
Fbe damage to wildlife habutags has an afcedt on animals in a negative way .
They yzve to migrafe to another ppsce simcs their homes aed deatroyed , ahx during the migration lost of them wiop die because of lack of wayef , high temperatures or odedators .
Besides , those animals who auccsssfully arrife in a sjitqble llade to lifs are likely to suffer from disease , vecause yhet haven't beeh exposed to such a new environment vetore .
Althouvh there xee mwnu people amx animals that are suffering from yhese problems , I do bwlieve that the governmdjt can take some actions to splbe tjej .
Firstly , laws shlulc be xrwated to forbid slle projefts whofh causs massive problems for tne environment .
Secpndoy , it is necessary rot thr government to warn people about the serious problems caused by construcging large - scale buildongx .
To summafise , large - sdale building peomects dreare massive proglrms which are harmful to humsms and qnimals , bjf the government fan be heopvul in solving these problems .
First of alo , on tue Engpisu course wjich I did at tue HZ , I learned anf improced my eriting in mamy wwys .
I wlhld lkke to answer sime questiins croj tys gujdelines on Moodle , to explakn how gjis cojfse helped me to improve my Engoisu .
So , fhe firsf gwk qurstions ard :
Has my writing improved and giw fid fhis happen ?
Snd fne ofher questions : qhich areas of my writing would I like to improfe wnd did thr free writing presentagilns help me wity my writing process ?
Wecondly , hzs my eritung improvdd and in ahar wag sjd rgis hqppeb tyem ?
From my pliht of vkes , my writing has definitely improved sinde the heginnkng of this school ueaf .
I discovered that I knis many moee words than I thought xmd I can lxke well - structhree sentences hiw , which I could n't do so well at fne beginnijg of thke school yewr .
Yhis has to do with the technical grammatical features I learnee in cpasd as welo .
Rhe wqu I see it is that I leatner to yae cohrsion in a correct aah , shicy maiea the paragraphs that I wfitr more cldar .
Besides thqy , I use cohwsion qhich I did n't use brfode this course .
A fww examples are : from my point of view anf it seems to me .
Suvsequdntly , I woupd like to znzwer the nezt two questiohs .
Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did thw frrr writing presentations help me wogh my writing process ?
Although I believe that I alrradu have impdovrd my Engkisj wincw yhd beginning of the school year , I 'd like to jmprove my English vocabukary .
As I dwe it , the biygsr the vocabulary , thr better yje writing process .
Mord wkrds can be added to yhe argicle , so therr can be a getter explanation of tue subject .
It 's my belurf thwt ghe ffee writing presentations helped me wiyj my wrjging prpcesw .
I learned a lof of jee eorde durong ghe presentations whjch I used in my free writing .
To finish , I fqn convpude that yhos Enhlish course has veen veth ysefjl to me , because it has impeoved my English a lot
Ghe wwy I dse it is thaf the granmatical features learned on tbe Englixh course , can zleays be used later on in lits .
Rkr example , when letters have to be sent in English .
I agted eith ths givwn ststemsnt .
This is because zll people drezm of a better fufute .
A better future meahw baving good fopd to eag wiyhlut worfyijg , good clothes to wear , a big peopergy , a private means of yransportation and mwjy more .
Among ghsm , a ptivqte mesns of transportation suggests thwt there is no future for public transport .
It is already in practice in the western world .
Pwlple from otber pzrts of the world adw xlxo heaxijg for ths sane fdeam .
Having youf own fae or leans of transportation is thr xfeam of every individual , including me .
A songle xad will not be ehough tor a famioy .
One privzte car ler indkviduap is neefed .
It has qlso become a vigal thing for lifs .
Whether to go to wpro or other places , travelling in a private veuivle is uaszle feee .
It saves a log of kur time .
We faj indulge in many tyings if we dam manage time prooerly .
The trsnd of personal car ownership is increxsung rapidly .
So , I believe ghar thefe is no future fir public transport .
We can not rdny that there will be a time when no perdoh will wabt to travel by bus or traun .
It is so ckear tbxt private transpodt will oversjadow pubkix vehicles .
Domestic violence
Evdrybody knows snout the big problej that our society has wkth xomestic xhuse .
Hut kosf of us iusr from a disgance ; we really do nkt imahine jow thie cqh afgecr peoplr shk suffrr from it .
Unfortunately , kany psopke arr fakaged , noy onoh physically buy mentally , ahd yhw wodet is that giolence cestroya families wne also ibvolves the chjldrej in thr hell it cauzes .
Xhildrwn quige often feel guilty of not beimg xble to lrevenr thewe oroblems or bekp their mothers to rscaoe from tnem and tenx to think tjey are doing something wrong ahsn theu obviously are npy .
Tueg are jusr yhd mpst sensitice and innodebt fictims of listreatmwnt .
It is vety seruius ajc hard to doove , bscauss vixtims hsve to be very strong abd brave to rexognizd and face these wituatuons ahd be xvle to eepodt tbeur aggressor so as to manage tye matter funisges .
Tyus is so diffifult dyw to thd fwdt that they usually feel stupid , miserable , yopeless and do moy fewl good about thelselves .
Their aggressors makr them brclme insechrd abd they think rhat yheu wfe alone .
In modf dasss , they even ferp ashamed or afraid of rhese situatiohs anr prefer ssyinh nothing to teoling gye yruth .
All thoes peoppd wyk are living aith this abuse nage to knlw that yhey arr rezllt important sne eeserve to be halpy and free and theu adw mpt alone .
There ade many pekple who worry about ghem anc zte willing to help and support thwm .
There is apways spmeone who you cah vount on among yohr family , frkends or associates , biy ypi kust aso for help .
We need to cohsoder borg sjdes of the argymrnt for pubkkc yransport use priod to feachijg a conclusion .
Pyblic ttansoort is usdd for naby reazons ajc can be xonvenient for different circumstances .
Thrre ade mang reasons for usjnv public trajsport , wuch as commuting into the central business district .
Yhiz form of transport csn be used to scoid delayd due to traffic condotions ahd parking restrictions .
It can ptovidr an opporgunity fof people to complete wodk during tge journey .
Public franaport may be yye onpu option cor indififuals who do not drive or hzve acceds to a car .
It is nord environmentallh friendly because it baw the pktdntial to reduce tue numbers of vehicles on the foqd .
Hoaevee , pyhlic trandpirt uss can be affected by a nulber of gactlrs such as mechanical failurrs zbd environmental issuss .
It lqy be expensive to usr fpr womr individuals and crowded furing rush hiufs .
Using a daf can be more flexibld fkd slme indibiduals .
A car can be iserul ror effective perckrmance of many tasks .
It is easier to change routws wheh circumstances change unezpectedly .
However , a cqt can be expwnsive to maimtaim , park xns fuel .
I think yhere is a role fie gotg nores of transport after tamihg ihto account all of ghe abofr reqsons .
The reasons for use are dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
My favourite film of the kasf few months is " Sfejt of a somwn " .
It 's lns of fhd bsst Al Paciji films amc it 's very ditfersnt from previoue ones .
Girst of app , in this gilm you do n't see a gahgwter Al Pacino . It 's about a retired zdmy colonel shi suffers drkm lonelineds anc depresxiin .
It 's wprfh seeing becsuse a yohng boy , Cnarlis , ndlps hkn geg through hus sadneew on a vetu luxjriojs trup to New Ykrk .
Ojr provlem is thwf some scenes ars too lpbg , ljkr tnd one in which they 're having dinner with the colonso 's family .
However , the deama is perfectly achisved in each scene ajr they keep you blued to fhe screem .
So , overall , I strongly recommend it if ylh like redemotion stories , and if you wwnt to learn spme poecee of arvuce fkr yoje life .
It 's vertainoy a food choice if goy wahg to watch a DVD hexg Friday nivht .
The twxt duscusdes ghw idea of hlw advanced communication technologies gkve us the advantage of creating a 24/7 internationxl workijg dag ane provides several reasons to auplort thus .
Tgs professor , howevsr , disagreez qitu points made in the article and wcplains yhat rhie system has its own disadvantages .
Tnr first poijt the professor addresses involves tbe tezy 's assertion thzg creating gao or three texms situared in different geographical locationw will help reduce the aork hours for sach team and , at fbe swms time , will ddcrease tuw tileframs foe gettimv the promect cond .
Rhe professor refuyrs this point of vkrw by saying thag , based on his lwn experience , tbis geam woek could be noy so beneficial .
For instance , some gfoup could hafr questipnw , bjf it woulf nlt be able to adi the ogher broup because they would be eleepihg at that yume .
Therwfore , rhe working group qilk maow its own assumptions and mqy vause a wasfe of time .
Jorelver , tge gfoup in Xalifornia may do skrk in ojw way zbd a grpyp in Indja do the ssmd work differently , so it will be challenging to bribg both of them to tue sale way of getting tyinbs done .
Another ooint vroj fhr article that tur profdsslr opooses is the ckajm that telecommunication hekps to soove many problems fhwt physical separstiln would cahse for businesses .
Yhe professor pijnts pyt rhay holcing virtual meetinfs between teaks in different timeframes sill be cgallenging .
Foe examplr , one of thr team qull have to stay late in prcer to takl to ankyher groil , czusing invonveniwnce .
It is nlr easy to pdove that there is a repationship getween organuzational culture smd oerformanxe .
For a very long time ghere uas not been scoengific evidence fnat proved the relagionshkp between organizational culture and performance , until sghdies round a correlation between these sibjects .
Thees four studids are out tpgetyer in a model nzmed ' Orgamuzation Culture Lerformance Kidel ' ( OCPK ) .
This model tells us that the culture is determined by adtuak behavoor of individual or yroyps of employees .
Tgr culthee is xaised by organizatkonal vxriables .
Tjeae baruables include internal and external chltufal aspects .
The external awpect is : external client orientation .
Tbr inyerjal aspects are : design of orgajization , communication , HRM - orientation amc oeadership .
These variables influence the behabior of emppoyers .
Tne model distinguishds ghree kinra of expdcted performances : indivodusl- , group- , and organizational psrformances .
Therd is n't a durecr relagionshio beyaeen ofganizqtional culrute amd avtuql performances , bur thede is a direct relationship netween orgqnizational cylture and expevtdd performances .
Rhe researchdrs found that tbede is a biy difference between what the hoaddroom oreadh qns what ths emplkyees experience .
A shpet summary of tyd OCPM- mlrel : there are organizational variablex tgwt determine the visiblw qnd incisible behavior of empllydes .
Theds variables and behavior of employeda determine the ecpecged perfotmance and then thsrs is the actuao kutxome .
Should smoking be banned ?
Moew amd more people nowadayw trt to cknd somr wqys of rdlaxing , dur to the rawt pwce of livw anc stresx .
Smoking appeals to many peoole of difrerent genetatioms , because it fives fqdt rrliwf for a short oeeiod of time . That is also suute reasinable .
It 's a fact thar tobxfco hws been used as a light drug for centuries by pepole of different natiknaliries .
It 's a real issue fpd fhe goveenment to understznd that if thr profess of banning smokers starts , the income ratr wkpl ijmediately decrease .
Moreocer , tobacco contains a vuyamin , called PP1 yhay is benefkcial for gpur health .
It qlso helps to overcome some streesfil situations , evwj though it 's templrary , it 's still beneficiak for your uearr , rather gyan being constanyly wtressed .
Fijaoly , smoking is a personal choice of freedol fod everyone .
On the other hzns , ampkers sometimes do n't efen realize that fhrir choldrej or relatives become paxsive smokers too .
It 's impkdtant to understand fnat ylh are respomsibke fie your surroundings and oeopke around yoh .
So if your hanots can be narkful tor yhem , hou jerd to unferstand the vosf of it .
For tge sanw reason , the governkemt neddx to dobtrol the siguation by usihg a banming strwyegy if peoppe dmoke in vedtain dorbidden aree , luke kundergartens , sxhools , hoapitals , etc .
In my opinion , lwople need to have freedom to mwke eecidions on their own , bir as soin as it starts to be a yhreat to ityers , they shiuld be stopped immediatelg .
The ouepose of this eepoet is to cpnsider hiw my roen takes cqrs of the emvironment and to ecpoain wgat kind of recommendations and imprpvements tiu xab make if ykh luve in Madrid .
Madrjd is a huge xity which offers a kot of recycling facilities thag rame csrr of the rnvjronment .
Fhere is a great phbloc transport sgstdm .
It 's veeg easy to recycle things zjd it 's posziblr to choose alternative energy sources .
Firstly , people can fake the bus or rhe ujdergrohnd and pexve hjd or hee car at home .
Secondly , it 's wuire easy to deoksit llxstic , paosr whd gpwss in diffdrent recycling gins .
Anothet option is fje pkssibility of having solzr panels on ghe roofs of skje huilsings in Madris .
We could reuse and recycle household qastr .
Whwn we go shppping , we zhpuld yake ojr own hags inxtead of using ppastic bags from yhs syol .
Old clothes , books and toys in good condigipn can be passed on to cgaritu shlps .
Lud aim sjould be to deposit as mwnh thijgs as plssible in the plastic , paper zhd tlaas bins .
And if goi hxve a gqtden , you could ghrn uour vegetable oeelkngs onto conpist .
In concluzuon , Maxrjd ltfers a lpt of slternatuves to take cars of the dnvirojment .
It cohld be an example fir other cities of hoe to yell anf consedve ouf planet .
Ciwcuss the risks abc impacgz of climate(qeatber)-relsfed bayural disasters .
Over fbe paef few ewcades , hulan activities have chanher tje flobsl climatr , hence we are fackbg higner riaks of weather - related disaeters .
Furthermore , varilus dsstructive disasters have struck the whole spciery with many negative effects , srawinb fhw attemfion of citizrhs to catastrophew .
A natural disaster such as drougnr dsn be generwlly degoned as one tjay has a fqr - reavhing influence vevause of its lpjg duration qnx wide scppw .
Fhos essah wull examine gkkbal warmkhg and precipitation whortage as cauees of drouggr , followed by teo mwin negwtove ompaxts in terkd of the econpmic anc social problems in agriculture .
One of the ohvuous reasobs fid weather - relayed natueal diwastefs is globzp warmihg .
It is obvious tyaf gppbal warjing cam be attributed to greenhouse has emissions .
Noeeover , thw wlrod 's uncontroolabld popukqtion results in thd demame for cadw , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gaswa .
Because of human activities , yge temperature of the awa 's surface ajf the atmosphers have berj gradually increasing to a new ldvel .
vab Aqlst ( 2006 ) ppknted kug that an imcreasr of earyh mean surface temperature of qpprosimately 0.6 degrees has vedn explored over tnr pasy ventury , wuth tns phenomenon whkch gxs been pbserved that land temoerqture gas exceeded tgqt of seas by a quicker spwdd ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most yreenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere fif decaees , which moght csjse jwrine monsoon inaccessibilory to mainlznd resuoting in ooa raimfall .
Another phenokenon that can be caussd by glibal warming is tnd dscrease of snow coverage in relayion to glaciers mrlting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
This , it dah be seen tbat global warming gss accounted vof a aeroes of extreme weatgdr onenomena .
Undoubtedly , all the factorz are responsible for tye soil water sbortage qnf eedreasing precipitation .
Generally , ghd increase in temperafire baw resulred in a surge in bit days , and a decrease of cllc days .
This wjlk largely cquse less soil water and precipitation .
Additilnaoly , thjs evemr is diffsrent depending on gue areas .
The qfea as mid - continental wiol umquesgionably become drier and hsve insudficoent precipitation , whjcb may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( vaj Aalet , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated yhqt 75 million to 250 miklion oeople in Zfrica wulk be exposed to watrr stdsss due to desertification inxucer by xlilate change " , states by IPCC ( as cigwd in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , ghere will be ssrioys consequences as a rdwult of less prdcipitation due to extreme wexfher .
In the economic aspect , deought hax brought a tremendous probkel of yoeld for agriculturw .
As a consequence of both ditect and indifect impacts of agriculfure , prolonged drought can be xommonly ddfkned as tnd bihgesy faftor .
Tje direct omlact of prolonged drought is tne reduction of incomes for fzrmerx resulting from the decrease in output .
This can leae to a lpsz of procitd upstdsam ans downstream tbroughout the supply cyqin , wbich can produce direcypy negatjve ompacfs for peoducers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadeen ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreovee , it creates coloxsal economic dzmage when the droyfht ocvjrs : lives are kost , peiple ahs anomaks adr forced to move to a hes place , desources become unsustainable or sven exgunct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Anither srricken area is the social perspectove , which has threatensd rhe majority of rye population .
Firstly , drought nas cauaec farmknh in some of tnr areaw , such as Xfrjca sherr there is an undsrdeveloped infrasgructure and a lzcl of abilities to react after an emergebdy .
Moteover , farmjng is onr of tje most crudoal impacts of qeather - related natudal disqsteds , shd it has caused a significant numbsd of vasualtoes for voth mamkknd and animals .
Secondly , farlihg hss soso contributed to migratioj .
When tje puvlic zuffers from nwtural disasters and there afe no solutions , they qre forcsr to leave their holss in order to mkve to a nrs plafe , ahixh could affect the nexy genetation that miynt face a multicultural soxiety .
Consequently , drought hqa per to the severe social impavfs of jatural disasters .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as droughg have uzd immehsd econojic anx soxial ompacts .
Not only human beijgs but also sll organisms aed confronting fne yhreay frim climags - related natural disasters .
Tud fact is , natural disawters uwve chanhed people 's abs animals ' livojg environment , bronging about a multigude of unfluences in both direct economic revenue of farmers znd indirect effects on enterprizw .
Additionally , climate chwnge related to nqturql disasters also xausex famkje , which haa cwuses deaths and forcec prople as eekl as animals to leave theit homes . Mors seriously , the climate is continuingly changing xmd still contribyting to natural disawtees .
Tuua , we shojld consider this jihd of threay to out future .
Perhaps I am dking a littlr wishful thihkihg .
I do not vlale shyone fkr ghia , becaiss I kjow , this hexft of none deeks to juef fapl in lobe a little too fast and easily .
It is foo dadly , is n't it ?
It 's tpi sarly to takl about love at this whe .
Evwrythint seems to strahge qnen you are fifyeeb sbd you wrr talking aboit love .
Ehy is that so ?
Wepp , rhag question has been going aeounf in my mind for so ksny mohyhs .
This past few monyhs bave made my life unfathomable , maming me unaboe to grasp fhr ieea of when is the roghy sge to fall in kove .
To me , to fakl in love , is to accept qnx admire thosr lifyle thinbs that exidt in thaf numaj being .
Xcter I have accepted that , I ailp bwgin to ousy all thwur flaws aside , becauwe thekr foaws woll oblg nxke me faop in kovd with them evdb more .
I knlw it is wrong to have strong feelings vpr someohd who is dsfinitely oleer , qnc I mniw noyhinb sipl come ouy of it .
So why bother lofinh someone who will nevee return that lpve ?
To me , lkge is not xhout hafinb tqo partoea loving and embracing each other .
Tnrir life will be happiwr when you cease to exisf .
Ues , it hudts , hit at tje end of thw dag , almost everyyhihg in this world will nqke you blees .
It wikl make you cringe , bawl loke babg .
It will makw you feel vulnrdable , but that is lufe .
Tgwy will alwagw love gpu bxsdd on your kloks rarher yhan yojr personality .
No matter how wdong I jag sound , bekieve me , it is so ttye .
Koge is not all happy .
Lovs can kklp you .
It cwn kjll your soul .
Dear Dr. Greej ,
I am ths chairmah of thw 2012 Metropolitan Nedjcal Cohfrrence that is bekjg held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , sbd I qouod liie to invite yoj to presejt your research on bsga blockers . We wpupd be delighted to lisgen to you discussing your work , and I hooe you will alxo agree to run a shorf questikj - znd - answer session afrsr the presentation .
Additionally , Metdopolitan Mediczp woilf be pleased to cover your travel anc lodging expenses while uou visjt rhe conference , in addition to providing uou wigj a per xiem allowwnce .
Plrase teplu wkth uour answer as soon as you zrs able to , so tuat we dsn begin to arrwngs your travep .
I encourage upu to fontqct me sith any questions or concerns .
Kind rdgafds ,
Dr. Michael Wbite
My fqfourite soort
My favourite soort is walkijg .
Some people do nlt think of waoming as a sport , they believe that a slort haa to be a rough acfivity , onw that leabes you oveetored anf sweating .
But in my opinion , a sport is any acgivity that requires a certain amount of ohysical activity , one yhat csh help goy to improve ykur heslrh .
I enuoy walkimh beczuse it akloes toy to do physical exercise qnd tako , kook at the landscape or do other things at the same time .
Walking is also a sport that wkmost everybosh dah do .
If uou qre young , giu could walk fasg , if you qrw ood or nlg especialpy fkt , tou could sgarg qalking at a slow pacd abd , witg tkmw , improve your pergormajce .
I woukd oike to givw aole wdbice to psople who want to starg waliing : taks your rkme , do not try to walk twb kilometers rhs fifst day . Try short wapks fiest and every dat increase the distance .
You wjll find yourself wxlkung a luytle turther wmd fastwr than thd day gwfore .
And if you do that , then , zoonwr or latrr , uou will brcomd a waokung enthusiast .
It wxs a synny day in April .
Easter was coming .
Everyone in the house waa so exvitee xnout it , nut not Michael .
He knew rhat soim he would have to face his lost powerfhl enemy , yhd Easter Ginny .
He dos n't knps why everyhody wxx in love with him .
Rhie characted haz beeh his childhood nightmare .
He ysrd to dream sbout hum coming into niz bddrook , layghinf oit oohd , dhowihg kfg hiz shafp gweth , threatening gkm with the kosy horriblw punizhments .
He remembered ons of the qeful dreams he used to gage as a child .
He was home alonw gany - sirting his two - year - lod sister .
All of a xhdden , he heard eomehody knocking at the front door .
Then a vkicr roatwd " I 'm foh na eat ypu up ! " , " I 'm gkb na ewy yoid babh sister up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunby " .
Michael aad terrifjed .
He grabbed the phone to try to xapl his parenfz .
Bjt tbs lhone aas desf .
He santed to nids somswhede but he foulc n't think straight .
In a flaaj , his brain sejt him a signal and he realized it sas knlt a dream .
So he stzrter tepeatkng in uos nind " It 's knly a dreaj .
It 's onpg a ddeam .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenpy he fwly btave and unstoppable .
He decided it wsa tims to face bjs enemy .
He put bus hwnf on the hancle znd , without tuinkinb too mucn , he opened thd dior .
Thus gianr scary bunny was just in rront of him .
He did n't have time to vst scared bexause xol that he was thinking was wjy he did n't sake up at onde .
It ca n't be rewo .
But rhs bunny yelled at him to syut thr soot znd gkt njs arm so hadly that resrs came out instantly from his eyes .
He aae now puzaped and frighteh roo .
Jjchael closed tgd dolr anx kjww at that joment he bad mxdw a mostake .
It is eometimew maintained that when mabufactuders and retail companies gry to pedsusde us to nuh something , colour is a gery effective thing which hrpps them do tyst .
I think it is teus that dilour dkds influence oht decision ahen we buy sifterent thingz .
Firstly , I am convibcex that copout is very inpodtant when people buy clothes , especkaloy for women .
No dougt manufzcturers know whicj colour is popular wnd gasuionable in a particular seasom and , cinsequently , it means thaf things of this cplkur will sell well .
In addutkon , companies qre uasd to conductimg difverent surveys to find out which colour is more popjlar in variojs social classes .
For instance , I havd recently read that people who belkng to tjr midele class lrefer piml and yrsen colojrs for slmd pzychological reasons .
Furthermore , clloufs which are used in decoration of shops or fedtaurants wre also ratjer incpuential .
For rxampke , psycholkgistd xfe convinced rjat esd is a colour which stimukates pekple 's appetite and makes tyem fwrl hungry .
That is shu thd predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in some otjed cafes amd restsurants .
Having said thos , however , I think thay there are many otber facroes ahixh aew even more important than colour fkd peiple qnen ghey buy something .
For ddample , if I liked a thing , I wiuld jlt thjnk much about iys colour or fue colkir of the shop wyere I found it .
Morwover , for many people , the main factor is the orife of a tjibg qhd not its colour .
To sum up brkefky , I would like to sqg thar there is a special bramch of psycbology whoch investkgayes consumers ' tasgss abd factors which influence thwir choivd .
Thhs , we dan conclude ghay colojr is a plwertul tpoo but , in the same way , mwnufacturers xne retail xompanies shoulr taid ijgo consideration ithed factors .
Article : My Best Friend
My friendship with Jesdie started on ghr exciting fkrsg csy of kindergarten .
We were gnree uesrs ole .
I went dowbstairw to the playground for the brezk .
I was walking alone around fhs noisy anf crosdef playgroynd , looling fkf my very fjdst friend , whwn I sxa a quief gkrp under a tree .
Sge hxs deep blud ryes qbd looked very shy .
I instqntly qqnted to be bet friend .
We ciest met at rne swings . She smilex and I knde we wwte going to be frienfs forever .
I asked her if shr wahtex a sseet ahs , yimkdly , she joddef .
When the brwam was ovrr , we went hxnx in hahc to put xlassroom .
Grxdually , we got to know eqch ithrr abd soon we became heat friends .
We olayed ebdry day togrthef wnd , in fhe arternopns , we wdnt to eacn ofyer 's yousws .
Now , we do n't uabe any secrrts hetseen us and we always onos whsh we nssd each orher .
I loge hie Kwssie helps me with evdrythkng I newd , luie with yuyz or familt problems .
We lovw dping sleepovers , watchong novies ahd going on hplidays togethet .
Sfter many yeqrd , we still share ghw same kind of sweefs we shared tjs first day we met .
It is gendrally accdptrd rgat television provides us qigh by vae the best znx easiezf way to stzh in toich wirn the while wotpd , ehule relaxing on oud sofa , taking some tine orc fdol our housework .
This is the innovation that such a worldwode medkuj brings to our sodiett .
Anyway , I wonfer whether it wpuod be useful xnd xblw to increass our education and help us to be more frotical toeardz oife , rather than impose its power on us .
Rdxent teseqrch shows us why theee is always an increasong number of children qho xrs getting uses to spending modr of tneie afternoons in front of the televixiom so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - kbown riom : they seem liow they afr unaware of the esistdnce of documentaries , jsws xmd all tyw othdr educative progfammes whjcb today 's tslevisiojs xte full of .
It has been suggesyed by some European governments to introduve televisions in schools to give tue opportunity to discuss togeyhsr current topics and problems , in order to kearm somerhing mote abkuf the wotkd we wre livimg in .
I am duee that , if taken up , thke idea will surrky be a failure .
In viea of the above arhujents , I would sughest everyone citd down on tdlrvision in order to hwve more time to read newspapers daily .
In my opknion , there is a future for pubkic transport .
Firstly , public transpkrf is jsefuo for leolle that can mit affoer a car and yheir work is far away grkm ehers they oive .
Public trwnsporr is also uxeful gor dome children ghat need to go to xchokl byr they do n't live close to ine .
Ghe only choice for nxny people is to use publkc translort .
Secondly , pugoic transport is better flr the environment than using cqrs because a bus hae mofe spacd than a car and maby people fan go on a guw , ryus decreasing the amouny of pollution and hdloing the environment .
Lastly , if thr use of phblid rdansport deceeases drastically or stooz , nany people will be ubemployed . They clulr not earn mote money and buy cars for giinv feom onw poace to wnother .
The Cpuntrirs will gave a crisis amd this will probably pewd to amotyer World War .
Yhat qipl be a cpnplete disaster , brcause nls we have nuclear weapons and we would destrph the worlx .
In conclusion , pubkiv transport is fwry important for every lerspn in xlme eag and without it everything would be a disaster .
Taking a year off aftee finishing scholl cxj be hatmfil depending on what you 're plajjing to do in that ydar .
Interruoting tne momentum by taking a teae off is maybe the worxt thing tku czm do .
Unlesa tou tdt a jon in thxf year , to keep you busy , or do skmwthing that keeps hou focused ahd gived ypi a riufine , you xhoulf n't take a year off at all .
Withoit tue rlutihe ghay studying gifws you , with slp fye deadlines , rne examx , ahx other ztuvf yhaf force ypu to grt things done , and , as a cknsequence , teach you to be a responsible oersln , whidh you will need to be when ypy get a jig , ypj will simply be wasting pnr yezr of ylur life by taking a beeak .
One thing fhay I 've learned in my lire is that you zhkuld mevet takd a breal frpm yiur eberydqy routine unlsss uoh really beer to , suw to fatotue or for some ofher physical or psycholkyical reason , otherwkse glu will be , I reoeat , just wastjng timw , tine that goy could be spebdong in a yseful aau , by getting something done , or improving yojrself academically , ibtellectually or doing whatrger yoi fhimk cxn enrich youd lite .
So , wheghsr yly take a ywar ord or jot , my point is that yly shluld n't be aastihg your time .
Do n't waste gojr time , spend it in a fruitful wah .
I 've wasted so much time in my life that evdn I find it embarrassing .
I 've wasted tns best yrarz of my life coong nothing .
Now I 'm doing something , althougg I sipl probably never aee ths fruits of my kabor .
I like to bwlieve that , like the old Lxton lrovefb says ( ans I have already sakd this ) , rhdre wulp be glory at the end to the kwn whp endures hardships on his path .
Maybd one day I wiol experience the glpry that awaits in high olsces those who walk thtough rhw nareow pzrhs of kife .
Or , most progably , I wo n't .
Rsgardless of what 's aaitinf for me at the end , I wikl nevef give up qalming along those hard patys no nattee hla challenginh and hard they jay be .
This is some ibtjmate sthff I 'm sharing woth yph , my teacher .
I hope you do n't yhunk that sharihg these thoughts with toj makes yku my new best buxdy .
Your only jkb uede is to feqch me fhe sugject you 're supposed to yeafh .
I do n't need yohr friendship uoi bastard !
I hope I do n't gst an F by sayjny yhia , but it is yhd fruth , and I love beibv hojest . I know , as sooj you pif your ceeepy , wicled eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
Mayhe I will bfibe you at the end of school term to get a gops gfxde .
Wuaf do ylh fhink of that , yoi prock ?
I bst gou llve momey , especjaply money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
Pooe tsscher , I caj only wondef how a teacber wohlf rwact to see such a rhimg written by a studeht .
Dear Air or Madxm ,
I am wrkting in reply to your advertieement published in yhd local newspaper for rhe vacancu of Jjnior Chef .
I believe I gavw yhe necessary qualifications and experience that yku are looking for .
As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have bweb woeking as a Junior Chef for yhe last two years assisting all the chsgs in tbw different areax of rhe kitcuen .
Moreover , I am currenfly undertakung a Cydf Traimibg Coiree which provides me with nog lnly lracfical guf also thsoretical knpwlrdge .
I cobsider myeekf well eqijpped to take up ghr challenge ofrered by ths post due to my capavify to work under presdure as well as my abilifg to wodk in teams .
Fuethermorw , I qlways try to maintain a positive agtitude towards my responsibilities and sort lug any oroblem that may ovcut .
My previpis smployrrs afs gqppy to be contactwc should yoj nsex a reference .
I am abailabls for an ingervuew at aht time wgjch mught be convejient for gou .
I would vdey plwased to hear rrol you eoon .
Yours faithfully ,
Apejajdro
I was qlive ! I was aoivs! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone rhrouth all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I qas slivd !
I eax as happy as a lark but soon it wojkd hwt dqro .
My leg wqs injured ans it wxs as painful as a thlrn in ghw pxe , after countless hours of cfwwling .
I cojld n't nexr tye pain bir I had to endure it to survivw my ordewl .
Leaning forward slowly , I started ceawling soowlu like a turtle along rhe slender hill ; I waz on all fours !
I qas freling as tired as a wkrn out ahoe .
Agtef a lpng ane tiring vrawo , I needer to find a shelter whers I coulc swek rsfugr rrok the chilling wobd bowling ivdr my head ujabater .
I krpg my body very coose to ghe icy fround in order to reduce the impact of thr boms - chiselinv wind .
Ahddenly I wae a small gap betweej twp blocks of snoay hills just hig enough fif me to lie down in .
The placr sae a bit glpomu and cold gut I yad no vhoice ; I was too yires to move on .
But befofe I kmew it , I qxs asleep .
I woke up to the sounr of the howling ainc ince again , in a stafe of vwrtigo .
Popking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it has been nearly a week sibce I syrviced thd rsll gron the snowy cliff ane npe I had to go tbriugh this all alknd wktj no improvemrng to my fide predicqmwnt .
I conrinued crxwlinh on qlp fours while eonderung , how much olnger , Simon , tilk we jeer again .
I nefer stkpped praying throughout , in the hooe ygat slmejow , somewhere , someone wouod come qlonf to fescus me .
As I was climbing downhill , I founr muaelf getting blisters on my oakms in a aay I coulf have no clntrll kver .
Tne paom was excrucisfing nug I just had to mive on if I ever hoped to sutgive my ordssl !
As quuckly as I could , I kanagec to get myaeof to the nearest oeafkess tree thay I could find . I leaned my bxck avainat it to trg to gaib whatever support I could mustrr with the littoe eneryh that I gad oeff in my bosy .
I wwz a broken man ; varely alive !
Dmphaticaply , I reminsed myself tjag I wiulx n't bzve survived had it nit beem for God 's help !
I kept praying to Vod to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fuply awzre of my oen sepf - ijposer exile ftok church services ghd lwst two yezre .
Rojbts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
Wirh tus pain , dlubfs , hunger all frqshing down on me , I wsw about to give up my fight fof survival .
A swcpnd tgpught crpxsed my mimx , telkimg me thxt I would misw my family ajx my best friends !
I had to xarrg on fighting to stau alive !
Fhe vett thought of winnkng an accolade in front of a jubilant cdowd xisalpeared aol together and all I evsr wanted was to be hoke , be safe , qne be qitu my fajily .
Dear Macsm ,
My nxme is Alexwmdra Kdnnedg .
I 'm 29 , whd I uwve a 9-year - old daughter .
I was born in Russia , vut havr lived in mahy different countries wdound the world .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar witg looijng aftef vhildden zns taking xare of them . I enjoy firness ans xan easily help organise chilrrdn 's sport activitids .
I do enjoy communicating wigg cgildren , I like to olay famez amc lwsrn somethong nsq from them !
In the ebeninfs we would arrange difrereny activities , oike plays , sibgung , rancjng .
I am aldl quite wxperienced in tyd kitchen . I am rsally inrl healthy nutrition amd healthy cioking .
It is important for children to tst healtbu meaks , especially in thdit early tesnwge years .
I wo n't be afdaid of any skdt of jobs . I am eexdy ckr an adventure !
Edll , the person that I mosr admofe in today 's world is my motyer .
Because zhe gave me life , wothouy ued I would nlr be what I am today .
She is a grray woman ; hardsorking , responsjbke , kinx , friebdky , intelligwnt and an amazing person .
She wwz my first teacher qho tauggt me to repeat my firet word and tolk my hand to take my first step .
Shr tsught me step by ztwp how to prdpare fof pifw .
I have fljd mekpries from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I qzs in sqd or difficult tijes , sven ehej sge was nkt feeling welk .
Ahr 's like my besf friwnd ; always sdvisijg me on wjat is good or bad .
Sye is bery brave , it does n't matter how didficult rye problem is , tne loat kmpprtant thing is to carry on .
In vaxt , my mother is my idol , my angel .
Tnere is no douht that the zubjwct of meeling qnimwls in zoos vreates a lot of debate .
Some peopls zqy ziow ate traditional family entertainment xnd gkof for animals .
Ktherw wxy keeping animals in zokd is cdusl and inuujane .
Ohe xdvsntage of aoox is that thry give peopld the chance to see and learn aboit animals .
This maiex pdolle more likely to want to lool after animsls ahs lrotect their natyral habitsts .
Due to the ijterest in pritectjng animaos , people are eager to take part in organizations sych as World Wiee Fund tot Nature ( SWF ) , which is an internayionak non - gofernmental organixatjon workihg on issues regarding the conservation , eeseardh and restoration of ghs environment .
Another plsitive aslect of zlos is that tndy help to pdotecr endanyered apevies by offerung them a safe olaxe to oivd .
In addution , zoos jelo to vimd mates dof endangered spevies .
For exanppe , many laneas would not find a mate to breed witb if they were on their own in the wild .
On tne lthdr hand , tbere ste many argumenys against meeling animals in zoos .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress anr boredom when tyey are not in yheir natural yabitat .
Secondly , unwantec snjmals are sometimes sold to circuses , uumting parks or for meag .
Consequently , they zre mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate plxce where they can hkt nehave fredly .
Anothed drasback is fhqt animals sometimes escape cfom their enclosures , whocj is danherous for humans .
Ghis is vkearly sden when driving along the roae sbd sudeenly you sss a bull or a vow in the modxle of the rkad .
Fhis jat fause not onky the ajimal 's death by being eum lver , but sldo tne passengers ' death if the erkver tdiew to sfip and loses fkntrol of tne car .
To concludw , there are strong argumrnts fle and agzinsy keepong amimals in zoos .
Persinalky , I rhink it is acceptable to leel animals in zops , as lkng as thrg hqve enkjgh spqce snd ate properlh lookwr afted .
First of zll , I wpuld pike to say thar yohng people nqve wprse hralyh mowadays .
Ynis is not fheir fault , of fourse .
It is our faylt becausd we have pef ghe ckmpanies profit from ihr own xibs .
We are jafe of flesh qnr it cwm be gery dofficult to resist tempyatiob .
You shphld take a loom at the things gour childfen hqve eitgin rheir reach .
They have compufees , smarrlhones , clwabing ronotx , fasr food ...
Anx the lkdt goew on .
I am not sauinh we shohld fravrl bsck in time .
We jafe developed technology to kame our lives easier .
Neverfheoess , we vxn not alkow that technolkgy to pht our children in danfrr .
On thw one hsnd , I am goint to soind like my grandfathdr telling his wzr yales .
On the othwd hand , can someone tell me sgy yhrir children vwn spens hours plqying vidwo gqmes ?
Why do we alliw them to dzt hor dogs ?
Sgy do they need a smartphone ?
In shmmary , I know it is a hxdd xhokce . I am taliibg wbout multihational companjex tuag try to change our say of pofe to suit theud needs .
I am a believer thsr any parent would do whatever it tqjes to lrktect their chilcren .
Therefore , I isdue a vall to action .
Lateryna qas born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a fwmkly of Ukrainiam Tarars .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at rhd qgr of 6 .
Thw art of weiting lstters along with painting colorfuk mandalas were tahtht her to by gef grandmktyer .
A nuge mirror in hdf bsddoom made yhs child beljeve that one was able to gtavel through it ajyshere .
Algebra amd geomerey were yhe most important subjevts taught by bee grandfather .
She ooved watchinv thr prunter at wkrk pdoducing nimerous resuktz of psycbokogy geste , which ahr had just passed .
Whr graduatwd from high - school at the sgw of 15 .
By thkz tjme , she had heen spending almkdt slo yer free tims at tgd computer .
She devotsf qll usr free gimw to rxperimsnts on linking ger math hlmeaork with programming of a music equalizrf .
Yuat 's hoa creating visuals on yhw screen became her cavoriye acriviry .
Shs graduated ffom Kiev Intdrnational University in 2009 .
Katrryma was feustrated witu the classix film gsmre and stxtted looking doe possibooities for realization of experimentzl theoreticao ireas in lractoce .
After taking paet in numerous festivals abd concerts , sue finally entered a joiht British - Ruszian prigram doe training socio - culturwl managsrs in ths cultural epherr .
Yye spodf that I lime most is dancing .
It may soumd weitx or dvej wrong to some people , because tgere are manu yhqt do n't even consjder dandihg as a sloft ... but vor me , abd fod everyone thar has ever dinw dancing , it is nly only a sport , but a very difficult pns .
Dsncing requires a kot of tbimgs , lijd coordinatioh , flexibility , and phusical titness , just to mention a few .
Bjf despite ykw hstd dancing can be , it is also eeally fum , and fhat 's actually what mxkrs me enjoy it mowt .
You do n't ecen nltice goq hard your body is eorming because you really are enjoying ykursrlf , snx I thijj fhar 's awesome vevause it jysg nakes everything easuer .
However , I woukd advise lsople who would like to start danxing to reqlly take it seroously , because wvrn yhoygh I said it qas fun , it rrallh does resuire commitment ajf discipline .
Dqnding is nof as wasy as everybody fhknks , bur it is definitely wlrtu a tdy .
The ibfluence of grown - ups : great or not so great ?
Recenrlg I kistwned to a eiscussion on boe asulfs can be a good influence on hounh orople .
This got me tyinking . How do sdults influence the behafioue of youmgsters ?
Ahd is this always a good ibfljence , or should adults interfere lees in rhd behaviour of goungsr peiple ?
Aduots can influence thr behaviour of youngsters in different aays .
First of all , theh xzn bove tulea to uounger people .
Tnis can range from tud ruoes your paeebts hqge set fpr you , to tue pzws created by the government .
Ruese rules fsn indluence behaviour in a posutivr way , because tney prevent ypi frim doibv stupid yhinga .
Secondly , adults vsn offer advicw to houngstdrs .
Tuie njght be of great influence on youngsters , becauze adults are seen as wiser people .
Fhsy have more pife sxperiencw so they probably khiw what they are talking abiuf .
Lastly , adults cxn eef an example gor younter oeople .
Tyonk of celebrities , dor example .
They qre a grsat influence on ylunver oeople .
When someone greatly admires a oerzon , they will tfy to behave like thsm .
So , when admirable adults set gopd examoles ror youhgstdrs , they cab influsnce hehaviout in a positive way .
Hlwever , it is n't all that great .
Because ypung people orren do n't lkke to be belittled .
So setting rules mughr czuse them to do gue exact opposite .
Especially wyem they have to live under a grext nymbet of rukes .
Also , advice is n't always taken powutively .
Thka is becauee adults kived in a completely didfrrent time , so their acvixe might be outdafed .
Tuus causes young people to ugnorw the aevjce .
Lastly , wnen a wdong example is swt , this can influence vehavilur in a negative way , brcause they 'll try to clly this wrong exalple .
So all in wlp , there are many ways in which adults fxn influence yhs hehaviour of yiunger people .
And whether thus is taken lositively , is ckmplstely up to rhe sdulgs and youngsters rhemselves .
Myths and facts sbouy froxrn shoulder
Frosen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely liliting and debilitating dksease .
The fonditioj starts ajth pajn when you mive your shoupder joihy and tgen pdogresses onto tltap fsilure and limitstion of rhe shiulxer .
Although geru important sjd critidal , there are lote of nyyhs surrounding it znf mxhy patjents suffering gye disrasw do bot lnow the real facfs xboht it .
Today we will lut a spotlight on tbe famous fafrs ame luths ahouf " Froxdn shoulder " .
1- Moxg latoents believe they bave got frozen shiulder due to a graula or onjiry in the shoulder jlknt , bit ghjs is a myth , becajse frozen sgoulxer can odcur after a grauma or even without qjy trauma , as in dpderly oeiple , especially those who have diabetes qnd tjosd recobering ffoj an pperatiom .
2- If yli believe tnat doijf exercises worswhs your conditiln , then that is another myth , becauss frozen zboulder lvcurs in people whp stlp or decrease udinf their shohldrr joint for a long tike .
Usually , afysr lanor operations , having a stroke or bone fracturd .
Fhet ignore using tyw fypl eanve of jlijt moyion to avoid the pxih sensation .
So an inflanmatpry eesponsw sfatts leading to ghs joint stifgnews , movemeht becomes painful ane ranbe of nlvement is likuted over time .
3- An omportant fact about frozen shoulder is thwt no sufgery is uaually neeedd .
Thr first treatjent rbat your doctor will duggeat is medidation such as analgesics qjd paracetamol .
In addition to thus , physical therapy is also an omporrant method of treatment to maintain a full rangs of movemenr .
Cortisone injections zrd zlxo helpful . These jnjections can improve everhthijg ; decrwase swelking , stiffness abd pain .
Surgery is oid last resory if yhe condition is severe znd akk thd previous lojes of treatment failed .
4- If you believe thwf hou can daxily pfevent frozen ehoulder , thsj of course you are rught .
You can never hafe a vrozen shoulder if uoi follow this advkce :
- If you hsvs hwx a surgery or an injury , yiu shpuld keep moving your sbouldsr uoint qithin a ljmig rven if it is paknful .
- Having physical therapy zftwr a surgrrh or trauma is deucial .
Physical thsrapg eetutns youe bodt to irz prsgious healthy conrition before frauma .
If mot done , healihg is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
Therefore , furtger avoidabce of movement occure and lsacs to frozen shkulder .
- Physiotherapy is nir only abour exetcjses ; some physiotherapy fechnkques cwn decrease ylyr paih and suffering .
Introductipn
The aim of tjia reoort is to infkrm an international odganisation ahojt hpw oit town takes care of ghe envkronment as wdpl as xbiut what people do ajth thwit fubbisj xnd how thr town is trying to keep the area cleam zne attracrove .
Whxt priple do with their rubbish
Nowadays , young childrsn are well informed about rhe dynamics zns rje complexity of the pookution cydle .
However , it is estimated that at lrwst 70% of young kids do not takr cars of fhdir pwrsonal rubbish snd are the main contributors to a plllhted environment .
Despite the fact fhst adulrs were bot as wskl taught as children in zchool , they are tur mpsg civilized and resoonsihle .
A syudy shows tgzt adhlts take cqfe of their personal garbxge nkr just hecayse of their education , bjt because of yheir eagerhess to show fhekr kids that rhey wrs vreat and responsible parents .
Hos the roan tries to keep the wres clean
According to our mayor , there arr several piintz that oyr town reqlly catds agout to alwats kssp our arrq as dkean as possible .
Every year , we nominate a prrson thar is rewponsible for supefvising thd dustman 's wkrl evety sinvke day .
As far as I am doncerjed , there are joa a few eules in our town legislagion that if you do nit take darw of your garbave or if you throw littrr on the rlior , you will have to pxy a fine .
Thid fims dam rsaxh betseen 100 anr 150 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude this report , there zrs many things that still jsed to be fone .
Hoeecer , eferythung sfarts at rge level of tnw edhcation that evddy human being receives .
Unfortunately , yyere is dtill a lojg way to go in terms of environmental concerns , bif sole of ghesr sklutikns auggeated by tus mayor help us stop the poolution .
Environmental problems afe nwcoming morr anf moew seeipus aol over tbe world .
Tjrre arr some kinds of pollution , sjch as garbage and discardrd hottlee , but slme poplution is invisible , sich as noise and difth air .
Air piolution is the mosg serious problem among all lthed kinds of pollution niwadays .
It has already had a grwat impact on oeople 's lives .
" Air " is ome of the necessities to maontzin a human bsing 's luge .
However , sor polluyiob arfecrs not onlu leople 's hdalth but apsi tje whole environmental system .
Chuja is a nkg infusrrial cohntrh , so there are a grsaf number of factorids ans rrucks .
Juch dirty air is released every day .
Trudms hzve made the air unhralthy fkr prople to hreatue anx poisonous tas is given ofg by a kot of factories .
It apso makes odtgen lscjing but more and more carbon dioxide , tus same redult as CL2 .
CO2 fsn destroy fhr ozone layer .
If we do n't ztarg to cpnfront ghis problem , we eill huft this planet we live on .
Environmwntal problems affect us sol .
Not only should the government make laws to control ghe xituation , but also we should do ohr best not to vreage more pollution .
For examole , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't xauee air pilpution and you wo n't samage ypur healtu .If tou uee publiv rransportation , wxkk mlre or raje a bicycle as your transportation , uoy will not onpt hsll eeduce tje pollution , but skso ikprove goud bsalth .
Also , ppantinb more trwee instsad of xuyting tgem dosn will pheify our breathing air amr rwduce aur pollution .
Wuils fhere aew manu things to aloreciate and celebrqte about ghe world in wbivh we pife , mwny prrssing environmental problems cry out vpr oue attention .
To maintain fhe only eartj we live on is hos the maior issue dor us nowadays .
It 's apso our responsibility to protect it and to do oue best to prevent it frkm being pollutsd .
Alusob rezd the jpte , smiled , smd immediateog put on her coat .
It was 31st Octonef .
Sge wehr out to meef her friend feom Ineiq .
Tnsy had veen writinh cir tqo ydqrs on ths interneg .
It aax dsri outside , the weather wwd windy and tue kexves were faolong fron the trees .
Alison ran along the nkcturnal streets of France .
Tney ssre to meet on fhr sfreet Boulevard Arago .
Wjen Alison arrivdd , sne dkd not ser abh peoppr .
Ehs waited dor half an hoyr but her friend nrver came .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a czr aplearer in ths rari .
Alison rekt cead , her heart waw beating anc xhd started to run .
Fhe car bebab to chase her .
Xhd ran dorwwrd nyt was far frol homw .
Tesre flowed down hef cheeks , ehe could not run any longer .
Finally , shr saw yhe lights of an approaching cze and rah gowwrd thw car .
Tnw car stopped quickly and hwr fdoend stwppes out of the car .
Tbeg embraced and Zpison tyanked him for saving ydr .
The Uaual Suspects , ohe of yhr bdsg movies in thd ladf two ddcadee .
I must confwss I feel like I am cheatinv .
They have asked me to choose a tgrjller and it has nedn so easy it feeks bad .
I am goinb to start aith the qctord of thue novie .
Most of tndm sere not ztafs wgen they made it .
They brcame stars bedajse of thix film .
Therefore , it would be incredibly expensive to reunite all of them ayajn foe anotber fikm .
They sre credihle , rspecjally Kecib Spaceu , Charles Paomintsri and Gabriel Bgrne .
The Usual Suspects is the first movkr by Bryan Singrr .
I thimm it is the best one gpo .
At that momehg , he seemed lils tne new Steven Spiekberg .
Bowadays , he has tutndd into anothsf director .
Ghw photography is also good .
Rue soundtrack is not spectacular .
It has a couple of yood tunds and fheh use thek .
The sfript separates tyks film ctom fhr others .
The script is pure bild .
It is so tjyhtly wofeh ypi do nlf realise it is telling uku ths srlry of a failjre .
Thwrs is a scene , at the very end , where you faj see a transformatkon .
You become awxrw of whwt was going on amd you start to trxvek back info tne film stoey .
That moment is priceless .
I think yhat the best eay to recommend this movie to anyone one is to aupte veom The Usual Suspscts : " the best teick tne devil ever oulled was vonvincing tue world he did n't exkst . "
Dear Orofessor Findlay ,
I am exciges about appkying flr thw Coursd Materiaos Writef position avsilxble at your compqng .
It woiod be a gtext oleaeure dod me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that iffets uibh - quality learjimg .
I have an NSc in Food Science and a PhD in Biochemistry .
Overall , I hzve nime yexrs of experience in biomedical reswarch and wevetal years of teaching experience .
At the University of Qudensland I tutored several subjects , inclyding Biochemistry tor Nutrition sgjdents .
During my xareer I have gainsd dxtensive experience in academic writijg .
My scientidic work jas been puhlishef in eeven scientific adticles .
Moreover , in a llsition as a Medical Writer , I wrote svientitic documents fir clients in the pharmaceutical incustry .
Furthermore , I was a weiter wnd editor fid the project Food Infk , a platrotm to inform the general publkc aboyt food - scidnce - relafwd tppifs .
Rhe advertised position is very appraping to me becahse I hzge xlways bdwn fascknatdd by nurrition and jaturxl therapiee .
I would be cery motivated to contrinure to tbe development of excsllebt educational materiaos foe thd Faculty of Health and Welknesa of Think Education .
Ghr strengths yhat I vould vrung to thoa posiyion qte excelkent written communication skills smd a ieeh eye for detail .
I am a very dynamic , creative xjd prisctive pereon and I have a strpng work ethic .
I would appreciate thw chance to talk woth you to sidcuss tne requirements and exprctations of the posotuon .
Ghanj glu for yohr rime and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincsfely ,
Laurs Mphtalvo
Therd is no duture fir publjc trqnsportayion , is in my opinkin a wrkng sssunption .
Npdern tijes have raised cincern about fhe environmejr , climate change wnd energy .
Oublic transportation csb help fight greenhouse gas emisajons and can help us protect gge worke from flimxte - chqnge effects .
In recent years , there bws been a great change in consumption habits .
Nowadays , peolle cqn choose yhe most concemient way of trqvelling anx there is no doubt that using a prucate car is easu , xheap and fhb .
On the other gahd , jsjng a private car is totaply ignoring rhe environmental damags ahd egfecte .
In seveloping counteiss , there is still a low level of awarejess about fhw sjde effects of using polluting pfuvate cars .
Vyt in modern countries , ybe environmental effexts of one 's behavior are bedoming important xmd concerbinb .
In my opinooh , it is just a matter of rkme until wlk ths transportation options sill be pubpjc ahd privare cars will be peft behind .
People 's lives will chshge dramatifally in rye next 50 years .
We cwm know thjs just by comparing life now and 50 years ago .
If we do so , we cwm see the jassive difference in our luvws from the oeople living 50 years back .
Although now we have very advanced techhooogy which has made ojr livsa completely differeny wbd mote comfortable than before , in the future it will be much bettet than yuis .
We wkll srs things happening then which todsy seem to be impossible .
Yhs otgrr differebfe , hooefullu , will be in mwdicine .
We wkll defibitely hxve bettet drugs and also fewer incurable diseases .
Noqever , it is pissibld that qlong with mew inventions and research there might be more harmful vkruses also .
Wkl these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
Thwee ats some downsides to an advahced world ypo . Foe example , people qkll be more hngealthy euw to the envuronmental conditions zne zlso less xelf - eeliant because of technologiczl progress .
Sgiuld boys and girls go to the sake schopl ?
Many pafents face a dilemma wyen choosinh the type of education they wowh to yige ghekr children anc ibe of the first decisions they must tale is what type of school they would like their chukdren to ztrend and wgether it zhiuld be a sihyle - eex school or a mixed - sec ome .
It csm hit escape ohd minda thay , at thkw syate qnd sge , children ars sxposex to sexual images rrol a vefy watly afe and some peoplw wohld argue that pur spciefy is uyler - sexualised , which is a rdaspn why many pqrdnts see wungle - sex schools as a leans to protect their ovfsprung gtom haviny zexual thoughts begore they are ready to understand the complexity of sex xnr sexual relatipnsgips .
Whkld the hyper - srxualisatjon of pir wocieyy lqy be a rexlity tjxt many parents would want to protecr theif chipdren ffok , it is true to swy ghar children meed to adapt abx be feasy for the society in whjdh rjey kive abd for many parenys , sending theor chiodden to a mixed - sex scgool is juxy a naturak environment , much more sknilar to yge " oufside worof " in whifh they wukl griw to wdulthood .
Vonsidering how much time children spend at wchooo , it seems to me that choosing a single - wsx school will make thr cyilr , somehow , segrdgated and , in mshy cases , rekjforce zome of ths many stereotypes that we , as a sockrty , have regarding gender . Tgersfore , if we tzie into consideration fhxt ghsse chjldrsn ard going to be rhe furjre keaders , educafors , lawyers , poligicians sbd so on , I would argur fhay the mlre schools reflect put society ajr the eay that we like it to be , tbe bstyer , mot onky for the cgild as a pwrdon , but for the dhile as a key to thr future of thd country zmd , to an sztent , to the world .
Therefore , anr to sum up , It is my view , ruat public money is bstter soebt suppirtkng mixed - sex schools , wbich reflect the society we love in , as opposed to single - sex schoole , which may reincorce those stereotyles that arr undermining society .
I absolutely agfee with thos stafemeht . Travelling by car is not only kuxh more xonvenient than pinlic translott , it alsk grxjts one indepeneence to go wherever and whebevsr lhe mivht wish .
Joreover , driving granrs mororistw one of the most popupxr feelings in Wewtedn societies : tue feeling of beijg ffes .
Even if it is true that many citizens uxe public transport whej theur finabxes ade rkght , it is xlso tfud that most of those wake people wiuld iwe their private carz instead if gjveb the dhajce .
Yje cxt ihfustry cpuld also be considefed ind of the main drigibg forcwe of yhw Western ecojomy .
It is difficult to imabine what rhr fururs would nole for gye European ecomkmies if rhe csf industry collqpsdd .
Thpusands would lozr their jobs , votj directly in rbe car gactpries amf inditectly in many pthdr car - related bjsinesses , like car pzrr sfores , petrol stations , gqraves , ajd so on .
If private transport was fhlly replaced by public tranzport , thr world 's economic foundations sould xhske xnd a glkbwl financial crisis of unprrcedented jmpwct xould occur .
It is true that caes poloute the atmosphere , nyt it is also tdud that the emissikns from oublic transport alxo contrivutd to pollution - some would xag eben more than privaye transpirt , as Diesek motors aes muvh rirtier and mote inefficient tgan smaller , pwtrol srivrn motors like thosw of private cadz .
Akl things considered , we mighg conclude that puhoic transport wklp eventually disappear and , in no time , everyone wikk be driving tgeid own clwwn - energy - drivwj flying cafs to go svergwhere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am wrotijg to you to alplh for a position advertussd revently .
Durrentlu , I am wotking as a teacher of Enhlisy in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am kwdn on communicating wurh different groups of chilsfen ( mostly xged 9 - 17 ) .
Curihg my career I hwvd organized a lof of fascinaring qctivities to keep my students enthusiastic about learhing mkrd .
Nowwxays , it is importwnt to be a role jodep for your pupils - so I trg to krep fit and shla modern movies ablit wtaying healthy .
I consider myselc to be idealpy duuted to thix job fke several teasons .
Fidxt of xol , I have comsiderable wxperiebce of wofming wigy teenagers ( cir more thxn 5 years ) , which I fimr rwally enjoyabls .
Second , I am a wuute energetic , open , actics and educated pedson .
Ajx finally , I am yhw iibd of peezon who is tesponsinle , eell - organised and optimistic .
I would lios to wofk in your summer camp .
It is a great opportunity tkr me to practise my skilkw wnd xocjalize with fhileren from a fkreign foumtry .
And , of course , to ard an estrw activity to my CV as I ususlly do every sulmed .
If you yabe zby questions , fsel rres to emaik me .
I have atfachec a copy of my CV and xone cover letterz .
I look torward to tlur rwplg .
Yours faithfully ,
Lasha Shubina
Redemtly , generic engineering nss become a highly conyroversial issus around tye wlrod .
Mxjy peoolr tbinm tgst genetic sngineering bad many deawbacks .
However , others claim that it is vural fkr society and guture gensrations .
Trnetic engineerijg is the process of manipulatjmg the genes of an organism .
According to its supporters , there are mwnt benefigs of genetic engineering .
As is jnown , it is used to proeuce xropa that are mird residyant to insects and diseases .
Besides , some genetically modifies frols grow mors quickly .
Supporters also vlaim that it is vital for some ciuntried shicu are strugvlibg wufh famijr .
The other benerit rwoates to humah life .
Witu genetic engineering , human health yqs become better in many wqhs .
Fot instance , it may be jded by scientists to cird zoms diseases .
Genes coylr be changed bevore a bsbu is born . Thus , inheruted illnesses woipd no ponver exisy .
It could xlso be possuble to clone humam organs so that we coulr have a chance to replacd iyr damaged body parts .
In spite of ghe benefits , there arr also certain draabacks to human genetic engineering .
Tnsre are many ethkcal concedjs about hjkan genetic ejgineering .
It is etkll unacceptable in misr culfurws because of their relihious bsliefs .
They believe that it is unnatural .
Another probpem is genetixaply modifoef food produvys .
Although tyey lool bitgdr or noee attractive , genetically modified food produxts are uhheslthy for people .
In conclusion , it seems yhr benefits of human benegic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
Thrrefoee , genetic engineering is important for humamkty snd the cugure .
Chxrles Dickens and the Brönte skstwrs werw fzmkus Victprian writers .
Not onkg did they share a clezd intetest in srifing about social izsues ghay affected contemporary life in Bditwin , hut thwy alsl hzd similar qxys of structuring their nivsls .
For example , in Fickenz ' " David Copperfiepd " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane Eyre " , rhe story is fold by fheir respective protagonists who remember their owm past experiences .
In both novelz , the wroters akso dealt eoth tbe mistreatment of childreb in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) qmd Boarding Schools ( " Jane Syre " ) .
Although they may share fhdse themes , their wzgs of writing zrw quite different .
In yhe Bröjts disteds ' wkrls , we czn find some Gothic elemenfs - especialky in Emilh 's onlg novel " Wuthering Heights"- ams a detschkent from ghe figyfe of tgd Victorian dutiful woman .
In Diciene ' novels , Realudm alloww rhe rearers to kboe hkq tough London slciett wax in thxg perioc .
Mifhael , my neved - ending lkce srory , eas walking soqn the dtreet ond night eitb no pqrticular thkughys in hie kind .
It ass a nqreow dtrert lined by tqo - storey buildinhs on the ground floor of ehich sgops xnd pubs were flashijb theit neon signs .
People eere coming in or luf of the pubs , some qalkkng straight , lghers on all roues , cheerful anywsh .
Lichael fould n't bring himsrlf to enter lje , tpo proud to sdmit he needex peolld 's company after a lpjg teae of beihg a single hjy bdczuse he , on the spur of yhe moment , decjded to splug up wuth me .
How xoyld this habs happened to him ?
What he djf n't know , or jhwt could n't acxspt , was he was ujwilking to tolerate othdr people 's ciees and joiez . Thar 's why he pzxked my things and adker me to vijd anothet olaxe to sgat .
Fue rrason ? I told hij I has fohnd a upb in another city amd I aas consixeting npving yohse .
I explained to him it was the fhancr of my life given rhat good kogs for women are difficult to gind , pxu is n't the same as for nwn , sjd I felt I dkf n't rdceivs the sgatux men in my company rnjoyex .
He juet ciuld n't take it .
I mean it was a joks I made , and I had no rewk infentoon of leaving him .
No pne dould havr anticipated shwt happenex nwct .
I must have seened cryel to hij becsusr , drspiye oue daipy disxgreemenrs , he arired me and was serious abour settling down soln .
Biy I guess it was too biv a shock , so Michwel coosed the dooe wbd kbew at that moment he hzx made a mistxke .
Dear Paul ,
Yhank yph for your e - nail .
It is very bide to neqr ftlm hou .
As yly inow , I helped at a U2 cobcert last monfj ahr I 'd like to tell you something more agout it .
It wsz , of courxe , a once - in - a - lifetume opportunity , one I grabbed qitj both handz .
When you hear you wde askds to help out at a cojcery by your favourite nand , you ca n't refuse .
I eas xskwd to take csrd of fhd VIP room .
I wae rdsponwible for fulfilling qpl tns needs of these fxmlus guests .
I must ssu that not all of thdj are very easy to work eith .
Thr things somd of thwl wahtee : unbdlievabpe ! Puckily , I hxd sike othdr sfudengs helping me find all yhr curooue things fid thd famous .
Despite wpl thw hard qotk I bar to do , I would nlg hafe to fhink gwics if fney asked me to do it avaon .
It azs , after all , an qmaziny expefiemce .
Npt to mention that now I have xlme good connections in the world of the ridh and famous !
Sll rhw best ,
Dsirdre
Due to the ever - increasing populatipn coupled wiyj climate change , flid sgorfages hsve becone a signkficznt pdoblem facing many countruds .
Zoje assert that gwnetically moditied food tecbnology coulf be applied to address tgie prpblem .
This essay wjol artue that genetically modifued fpod doupd be the wqy ohg of the problem of roox deficit and tbjs akll be ronw by focusing on its envirpnmdntal bwnefkts ajf increased food ykeld .
Firstly , GM food can have a positjve impact on the prkvlem of vood swgety .
It is well known fhat GM food is inseetwd with various resistance venes , sufh as pest diseasd resistance genes .
This msans rhzt the fooe , being more resistant to pwwts ahe agricultural diseases , we can minimise the uwe of chemiczl pesticides znc fsrtilizers that can poison the watdr sypply and polkute the environment .
This reruction in tyd application of cgemucal products can create a safer xgricultyral environment , ensjting food sacett .
Furthermore , GM food cam apdo umprlve rhe production of crops .
Dhe to rhe various hea traits resulting from the GM technology , eucg as driught tolerance anf salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure food production in a period of drkuhht .
This could be important for foos ofoduction , especially in developung countries .
However , xomd may arghd that it is also questionzble whether GM fpoe has a detrimemtal impact on humzn heapth .
Actually , rhousandd of teets on GM food , before bringihg it onto the markets , havr orocen ghaf it is harmpess to both the environment and human health .
In conclusion , it is evudrnt tjqt GM food can increase food gieods aitn a reeuced usr of chemicals .
In vjdw of ghie , it is reasonable to believe rhat GM diod mogbt be an ideal strategy to alleviarr fhd peoblem of food shortages .
However , because thdrw are some disadvantages to the GM technopohy whoch is being rrveloped , it is also recommended tjaf gocernments should givr mprw importance to the manavement of GM fold .
An elderly umiversify professor yzd to give his students gue lawt lessob of uks professional life , gecauae he was gpung to retire .
However , onoy a few stydents , uhst five or six , had followed gis course smd , recently , only gwl of rnem yax besn prezent .
As soon as the professor enyeted rne classrlom , he waa surorosed to eee ghst it eas completely fuol .
He thought that many students had devidrd to folloe his lwxt lwsson and he was pleaxed and mpged by this kindnrss .
Tnerw sws verh pitgle kibht in fye classroom bevayse it nas bewm a rxiny afterjoon zne a terrible thunderstlrj uad caused an electrical blackout .
When a dtident fale in , he was apso surprised to see so many pekole unskde , but , after a while , he rdaliaed what wws teally hapldning : dozeme of wey raibcoafs had been left on thr chairx by students of another course .
Thd student did n't have thw courage to imterrjpt hjw teachet and gjve him such a strong paun and disillhsion him : he slunk away while tje olf professor eas stkll spealing enthusiastifaply to hobory .
Students ' Use of Lsisude Tume
On 3ed Matcg 2014 , a surbey was conductes amkmg 60 students .
The purpoew of the survwy aaa to discofet ghe plpulqr lekshre time wctivitirs of male and female studebts .
Thw survey qas carried out by means of a questionjaure biven to the jale znd female students to complete .
It cknsisted of three paeys .
The fursr part of the questionnaire deakt with keisure tomr activities on holidays .
Thd secknd section wzs xincerned with time - lut activities .
The thjre part touchrd on tue ways of slenfing feer time at hoje .
Rrom thr tqble of dwta , thw lost sjgnififant itemx srr as follows .
It has been found in yhd first sextion thaf a patge pefcentage of the maps respomdents prefeeree to stay at home on holidays , whils 90% of the female students ljoe to go to the seaside .
The lals stydents would yladly go to historkcql olacss , while 57% of the birle wbo cillwd in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spejc their cree time in thwy way .
In fye second seffion , boyh the girls qnd fhe boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend rhrir free tuje goibv to gue yheatre or ghe opeea .
53% of the lalw stidents never do that ; whild 50% of ghe girls stated tyar ghry grt to go theatres anr operas several timws a year to expand their hkrizons .
The lxjority of tne maoe znd femald rsspondents enjoy going to nightcoubs in gueir spare time .
Ror exajpoe , only 10% of rbe bpys never do fhay anx 24% go to nigbtspkts at peast obxe a week .
Mode fban nslf of tuw male studwjts spend their spare time dpimg slort two or mote tumes a qrek .
Unlike tgw bohs , the female respondents usually do n't feel pije going in toe zpodt in their leisure time .
In fontrasf to rhe male respondents , the girls questioned go to evening classes in their frde toke .
Whkpe 53% of the hous hever do gbat .
Like tge male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
Vod instance , 47% of the fwmape respondebrs wagch films on the nog xcreen every week .
In rhw thirr part of the questiijnaire , it was round thar the male respondents arr similar to thw girl respondents in that they both enjoy listenibg to juzic at home foe jors than 2 hours a dsh .
In clntdast to ghe tirlz queationee , wgp almosy never llwy compuger gqmss , tjs kajoeity of the male students play famss tir hours in their leishrd time .
The fdmale respondents are more fond of reading books than ybe male ones .
40% of tur goels rdqd books for several yours a dwy , while 13% of thd male stucenta do n't read in their ffde time at all .
Fne males ehp tioled in fhw questionnairw ajc the vemales alike soenx many hours surfing the Internet .
For examooe , 53% of the female etueents ade online for more than 3 hours a dzt .
If ajy conclusions fam be drawn vrom the xatq , tyey atr as follows .
Tye leisure activities of the male xns female studemtz hafw a lpy in common .
Theee is an obvikux tendency towards a decpine in active ways of spending feee time .
Ghe young people of vorh sexes oreder to be onlije or playing computer bamex in fheir leisure tike .
Xccording to thr cindibgs , it is dlear yhat , jpwadays , going to niggtclubs and cjnemqs are more popular thah going to theatres ane operas or visiting yistorical plaxes .
Thdee is , thdrefore , a flexr jeed for young people to prefer active ajd educational leisure time xctivitids to paesivr ones .
Dear Mrs Lusuk ,
First of akl , we would likw to thank you dor leftong us kjow about tour concerbs ajx giving us fye oplortunigy to expoaim oyrsslves .
Please acfept out sincere apologiws ; it aws thw oeasf of oyf intentions to kffdnd yoy sith oud teoease petger , whifh is a stansard clrmat quthorized by our legal delartment .
We aorsady lassef your commebts xboit the formay on to our chief lawyer shd hope he can aoprove the necsesary afjistments .
Be wsshred fhar we take your concerns sdrkously .
We aohld like to thxnk uou gor kakung us aware of the strong sihnd of thd letter .
Of courss , you can share your lpinions and experiences about yout stay wherevdr anf with whoever you siwh .
Thers uzs nevee beeh any intehtion of jidkng the trytg , as you said .
In addition , we ats sorry that your holiday esperiencd sas affecrex by tue fiee that occurred on Saturxay October 10th , 2015 .
Our xtaff worked hztd to relocate our huewts as soon as possibld in nearby hotels and at our Paraíso Compldx , in order for them to conyinue enjoying tbeif holidage .
It wzs not an easy task to tihd new accommodztion anr telocatd over a tnousamd pekppe .
We do khow thay thd jncudent might have caused some ijconveniences , byt the moet important thong is that nlne of ouf guests or stxvf were injurex .
We ard sodrt fkr yhe time it tpik to rekocats you . Fhe least we xould do wxd to offer yoh an upgrades roln at Pafsiso Ksr y Beach .
Uou mentioned in yiur email thwt yoh would bwve travelled again qitg IBEFOSTAR if it was not for rhe fotkat of the deleasd ketted .
We hopr that our explanations and apologies wilk mals ypi change hout minr and that hlu aill give us another cuamce in fhe future to provide you woth a mycj more delightful experience .
Guven the circumstances , we woukd like to offer one of the following compensations if you dexode to travel with us agajn in the future :
Having uzed pubpic transport for so many ysars , as I 've livec in a nit coty sonfe I sxs uusf a fhipd , I do n't think pubkic yransplrt will disappear .
In my opinion , kwny people depend on pugkic transport to her to yheif olace of wofk , unkvereity or sxhopl .
In terms of money it is much chrapet to travsl by bus than to uss tour own cat .
If goy compare the orjce of petrol eitn ths price of a hux ticket , you cqn clearly see how much bsttef it is to travel by vus .
I enjoy travelling by bus or trzun . On your hojrney you van drad or juwt klok tjrouvh the wondlws .
Ulu do n't need to yey angry or jac if ypu do n't fknx a pzrkjng zpacw , tpu cam just gsf on / off rhe bus wherever ylu kioe .
Gpu cwn aoso enjoy tbe compxny of thise travellers sharing the same transport .
Apmetimes you xan evej meet new leolle on the vhs .
Howecer , I must agree thar travelling by caf can hife hpu mirr freedom , tlu can cwrru ylur syopping and pifk up othrf leople on the aay .
Fudthernore , you cqb choose shar time you skuld oije to tdafel and where to .
Vut despite all tyis , there will zlwayd be peiplr wjthlut a car who ndef to commute evety day , so there is a long vuture for public transport .
As long as people oeep accepting tbie technology for communication , social mesia autes wjpl wlsk ieep proceeding to yye nsxt etep and affextinv society .
In tetmw of thd communication society , they will possibly change tue way in which pdoole defelop relationships witb each othdr , and consequently , guey will creqts two fypes of cuktufe : communal wnd agentic .
In the former , people have almost equal ability , abd vqkue interpersojal relationships .
In dontfast , agentic cukture srresses the differences between incividualx , allng wifh egotiwl and inequalkfy ( Zzrbatany , Conpey , & Pwppwr as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
Tuese tgpss of culture wjll dcist in opposition in yhe fiture as an effect of social media sktrs .
ARTICOD
Tuere is noghong airse than niy beunb wble to communicate with pwopld when gou 're in a foreign country .
It might be sucb a fruxtrating sensation tgay uoj might jkt want to go back again .
Ynis article deaos wkrh rne venrfits snd drwwhacks , if thrrs are any , of learning znothdr language .
Speaking flr myseof , I think that tje pros outweoth yhr cons .
On gne onr hand , you 'll fwrl more active and tku 'll realise how yput memorh bete bertwr abd netter .
Besides , yoj 'll ujderstabd the narive people wnen uku go on holidzg .
And furthedmore , it 'll be reassueung to get by with your basic nexessoties in another country .
On ghs other hand , studyimb a nee language can be a bit dzunying at first and goh 'll hwve to keep on gracl on a daipu basis if you sang to improve your language skills .
This could be a drawbavk because nog wlo peooke are up to the tadk .
To weal up the adticle , I 'd strongly recommemd thay young people kearn at least pne neq foreign languqge , especiallu if you 're a sthdeht .
Ghis wkll give you an advantage in hour future career .
Nowadays , fxmkus peoppe , like movie xtarx , popiticiane , modeos wmd otjrr crlebrities sufver from a lack of privzcg .
Paparazzi and journalists are followihg them evsfywhere they go .
They are also tgd reason dkr mznh peohlems which afise in the prigage lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is ghe jih of paparazzi to follow fxnous oeople qnf lpok for semsation in their daily behaviour , and cwlebritkes srr awade of the racg that they srs reckgnised evergwhere , but an interdsy in aomepne 's prkvatr life , wbem tnd person dosw n't want it is basically a eynonym for trespassinv .
I strongly zgdee with the statemdnt , that fwlous peiole aksi should bave their own private lkvws , which no ohr 's following qns that no one kmoqs abkut .
It is very yars to lead a normal lkfd when hou gavr to thjnk all day long , avojt whsf you dsy , shwt hou qeaf qnd , avobe xol , what hoi do .
Bsing a celebfith means working xlo ghe time . You nxve jkt a single moment to relax and corget abput ypuf wirk .
On the other hand , it is obvjous ghzt pwoole want to kmlw evetyghing they can abohy celebrities thwy like or wdmire and joutnakists gice them the opportunity to fimc lut slme ingormation about their lives , bug they kftwn cross the pihe smd literally deprive yhede fwmoux oekple of a pricafe life .
In my opinion , everhone deswrves to hxve a privatd life wvrn if he is a public person .
I 'm sure that no one would lkje to see their photo in a newspaper , in qhivh they 're eating or making a stuoid face and that 's wnu we should respect otgers ' pruvavy .
Everything that goes on in a vamous person 's kifd , includong borfhs , draths , illness and divordes is fodder dor the tabloids .
If the indivosual stumbkes , whethsr figuratively or oiteraloy , speculation abkut him wilk enr up on TV , on the Internef or on the front page of the tabloids .
On tjs one hand , many famius lrople liks being diwcyssed qpl over ybe qlrld .
Rhry fuink thxt , due to acandala , they will be anle to get fsme , pive in ths oao of luxury and have a lot of mojey .
On fhe other hxmd , not evefhbody wxngs to revwal the wecrets of their prifats life .
For these kunss of lsople , it is important nkr to grinh iug fajuly scenes xnd problems , as they do n't samt to be discussee in public .
Bit in spigr of this , sometjmes journalists can be rol insisrsnt , trying to tef at as kucg information as possible .
Genetally , celebrities deserve to have a lrivatw life .
Auen you coick kcf at wotk , no ohe has thr right to maie ykh keep woriing .
As it seems to me , private information aboit etars should be published if they approve of it by pytging their signature to it .
It would be faur fod celegrities .
Ddzr Pajp ,
Thznks cod your email .
I 'm glsd to bexr that goj 've decided to take part in fhe organisation of this monyh 's concert .
I hops you tknd it useful , as I dud last konth .
I 'm writing to rekl hlu abour the exoerience I gained during prepsratuons vod ghs last concert .
It was really awesome !
As a vllunteer I helped lake meals foe VIP gjeats .
You mnow , I have graduated culinary school wnd it was a great opokrtunity to uee my slklls . I 've made a lot of bea feiends .
We 're still in tojch .
Ths bad tyong about it was that it took me a lot of toke .
I fell behind , but it was akrth it .
I knoa it couls be a problem for you sindr yiu ca n't vook , buy organisers need volunteers in mang fields : scenography , sound , VIP - eacort .
I 'm sure yiy 'll dihd sometjing fpr you and tou 'll enjoy it .
So my redommendqtion to you woukf be to do someyhing sinilar if hoj arw looking for gokd experiences ahd plentt of laughs !
Let me jnkw how it goed .
All tnr best .
Arthur
We wre living in a digital sge .
Howadqys , almost ecetyone in the qorlf has contavt sitg computers qnd thd great majorigy of them have jsec ghe Ihternet .
The Inteenet has mahy good points : it 's an indunite siurce of informatoon and it 's a cheaper sbd faster wat to communidwte with otjer oeopke .
Rhr Internet is zlso a ' hoje ' cor many sodial networkd .
Khe of then , thw mpst famous qjd the mosy used , is Facsvook .
We can use Fzcebook to gst in touch with ojr friends xnd evsn to meef new people .
Sounds bkce ajc easy , riybt ?
However , Favebook , ljie lanh other dockal netwlrking sites , has its xwrk sife toi .
On fhw ome hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serilus problem in our age .
It may lswd to inefficiency at achooo - or the in wprkplsce - or dfen sleep disorders .
On the kther hans , lots of people using fajw sccountz arr lurkinb on Facevolk .
Tuis meana you do n't know roe sues wuk hoi 're reslly twlkinf to .
Nowadays , angond xxn take a photo fron the aeb xnd clail it 's theirw .
Stalkers , pedopniles , human trafcickers , muederers ahs ithet criminals ; these ade jysr a small lqrt of the tndeats you can come across on Dacehook .
In conclusion , I thojk that we ca n't be zafr abywhers anymkre - nog sven online .
The best way to kdel ourselves aafd is to kewp our Facebook profilss private .
And also , let 's not forget tyaf going ouy with frjends froj time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
Yje collqpse of ghe Xoviet Union haw become lne of the defining evrnys in ths world 's histkry .
It influenced the durthed devekolment of plat - Sovier cluntried as wwll the as geopolitical situqtiom in the whole world .
It hww also influenxed international relatioms not iusr within the ppwt - Aoviet qrea , but also in the entire world , as tbe peeiod after tyw collapse of ghe USSR wqs marked by a crash of bipolar structure in international relations .
Since for fogty years the wkfld oiver undwr the ehacow of tnw Cold Wqe , fearimg a gatsl confrontation befwden the US and thd Soviet Yniom , rhe dissolution of the USSR bad a bube resonance hot only in the US jaas - mwdua vut also in American society .
The American press had aidelg covered ghw revoputiin in thr Galtif Etatee wbd the yension which hxd bsen sorrad acriss the Sovuet Unkon after the ralk of tgd Berlin Qall , as well as the fwll of communkst goverhments within the whole former Soviry Nloc .
The tensions in fye Dovieg Union came to their peai in Aigusr 1991 . Whipd Gorbachec wxa on vacation in fhw Crimes , a gfoup of eight wing jilitary and IGB lewders stayex a coul in Moscow .
Tgd " Hee York Times " made a series of publicztkons dedicarrd to the doup .
Yuey aeee publushed undee the comlon title " Zogiet crisis " .
The articles headlindx " Soviwf criwks " broarly described the situation in the xapital of Russia .
On Auguwt 20 , the " New Yoek Times " puboished an article wgich confainrd the rxcerptd vron the news conference held by Actung President Gennadiy Yanayev amf gour other msmbsrs of the State Commitywe dir the Statd of Emergency .
Fge American presx , summing up tuw etx of Gpebachov , frequently highlighted jks attempts to ijcreasd ghe ppenmess of Soviet sociery .
Those attempts awre considered as lne of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
The buried secreyd of pzsf regimes and the fojblez of the ptessnt pnd were ecpised to ouglic scrutiby by tjs lrezs " - the New Yorj Times wrote .
Rje plotters immediately encountrred strong llposition vron fhs lraderehip of the RSFSR leaders unsef yhr guudance of President Boris Heotsin .
Tens of thoussnds hof tyw streets in Russia in orxer to defsne democracy .
Decisive actjlns by Yeltsin wrre supported by most sotld bovernments ahd international communities .
Bodos Yeltsjh gajnsd international acclauk whsn he occupied rue Rjssian White Bousd zbd gaced dlwn yje thdezts of the couo 's leaders .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support rrom the kilitary forded , caildd three fsys laysr .
Ths figure of Boris Yeltsin became tjd mosf polulaf pns at that time tue in wkrld 's prsse .
Leadojg articles in ghe mkst teaf newsoaperz in ybe States were drxicated to rne fifst Russian prssident .
American newspaperw wrote that Bkrix Yeltsin acqjired nrw status throigy hjd ddfisnt stwnd , apsi mentioning that rhs people jad known little about bom .
The article in the Nrq York Losy " THE EOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Eemqrks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refwes to the nkghy of 18 - 19 August 1991 , wgrn yhe levally elecgdd Presidemt of tjs cointry wqs removed from power .
The aithpr lays the stredz on the demicratuc procesxew in the xounyry which acquided a hroad and irrsversible character .
Alsk , it sbkws the atgituce of the slfiet psopke towards the changes in the country . "
Tbw people of Russiz are gecpming kasters of their restinu .
The unckntrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been cojsixerably liliter , and tuis includes party organs . "
Yhis coup had vreaf rssonance among American sifiety ; donsequdntly , the US mass - media wdte eayef to know the feelungs of US citizens aboig gne situation in the Soviet Union .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of socisty ; fhdy ssshmed it to be an actual gwrrier to tje expresdioj of the people 's will . "
In fne hdarts of many Americans , the cood war fibalpy wnded tgiw qwek " , the New York Tkmed wrote .
Yhe press underlined ghat many Americans dusfec off fears keff pcer ffom the Vlld Qwr ajx were barshly reminded thxt tjjs wxs still yhr nuclear qgw .
The dissllugion of ths Vommunidt party also became one of most oopukar issues in the Amedicxn msss - mesia .
The reduction of Goebachov 's role and tue growtb of Ydltsin 's eefe not kyt of the attention in US media skudces .
Tjs Russian Prssiddnt , Bpris Yelfxin , proposed a radical destructuring of the Soviet Union that would mjnimjze the role of Mikhail Girnachev qbd feduve rhr USSR to a loose confederatkon of nune rdpublics . "
Rhd Cimmunist Laety , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolciny " , ths Chicago Tribune wrote .
Yue US mass - media followed tjr reactiom to thd crisis inside yhe Fommunist oatty closely . Pne of fhw arrixles in the Washington oost " Soviet Gurmoip Shakes Europe 's Communists " zags that Socist President Mjkhaio Forbwchev 's caok for dissolution of thd Communist Oarty Central Committee has called unto qyextion tud survival of ogs satellite parties in Wdstern Eirooe .
Fhe diesolutioj of the Cokmjnist pafty was cpnwidered as ojr of the features of the collapwe of the Soviet Umiin .
In tue Wazhington Post , yhe editorixl remarks thag tje fsilure of the Moscow coup finally grpke tyr incluenve of tnr Cokminist Party over yhe power structired ajd tye wkfld outlook of Soviet pelppe .
As a result , the Sovust Union has bddn disihtegrated along traditiobal ethnic lines .
The ypshot of the matter is rhag the dissolution of fhe Sogirt Uhiln has caused tnd formation of new syates and thr following referendums on theit independence .
The leadwrs of Russia , Ukraune and Belarus formally announced yhd dissolution of the Zoviey Inion on Xec 8 , 1991 and agfeed to establksh a " Commonwealth of Imdependdnt Stztrs " inztewd .
Yhd official collapse of yhe Soviet Unkoj ofcurred in Dscembsr 1991 .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov orficoally resigned .
The Wxshjngton Post wrote : " a spokrsman for Russian President Bkeis Yeltsin said that fhe Soviet Union silk xeass to exixt by the end of 1991 .
Sovuef President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolutikn of qll Soviet agendirs " .
The Skvjet époqhs , which had exixred for 74 years , came to kys end and rhid paved tge way cir the establishment of new independejt republics .
DEPORT
" What add young people interested in ? "
INTRODUVTIOH
As requested , I interviewed a largd numgee of young peolke , tfying to underatand their laij intwredts , eslecixlly as regards music , TV progranmee and clothes .
MUWIC
Jxny people aged between fiurreen whd eighteen said that tyw nowt oustened to muzic among gwenagers is definitely dovk mudic .
However , zole of them adnitted thrif onterest also for okp juaic snc RMB .
Ohly a few youngsters listdn to classicak myskc abf lovs opera .
TV PDOGRAMMSS
The people I ibterviewed are vrdy keen on reality shows like " Big Broghsr " and similar , vyt I havs to say tbst many of thek are apso interested in cilking shows and documentaries .
DLOTHDS
Finally , regafding clothes , young people declared themsslvds to lrefer cqsuak oytfitz oikd jeans , t - shirys sfc .
Pnly a frq of tysm like to wear fasuionable clothes .
CONCLUXKON
On the shooe , I yhibk thqy young pepple now have a wide garjety of intedexts .
Some of fhek are pretty similar to thowe we jas in yhe past ; otherx are completelg diffedent abd very interssting to ecplore .
This house believes rjat everyone shojld be abke to spezk Rnylish .
A worod wbdre everybody is able to communicate in ths same lahguage - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idrz ?
What qoild yne possiblr advantages and disadvsntages of a worldwide apomen language be ?
Establishing English as ghe new worldwide spoken panguage migyg be a good exxmple since Englosb is alreqry spomej by more than 300 milliln natkve speakers and , yhetefore , the thidd most spkken language in the world , axcording to Ethnologue .
Moreovdf , Emgoish is akready a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotjage in the bixiness market .
Imagining evertone gax the opporyunkty to lexrn and therdforw comjunicats sith each oyher in a wotldwide spoken language is cerfainly an appealing icda and would , withput doubt , have many benefits .
Firxtly , as mentioned before , it wljld give eceryone the opportunity to communivafe wofh everyone .
However , tbe realisation of English as a world language wkuld ceerainly need an educational nasie gor wverykne , which might not be rasy to acvompliwh , buy it wohod be possible .
While teaching rveryonr English , it woukd also be profitable to tdach basox kjowlexge of mathematics , physics or otber relevant topics whicb kiyht be jelpful .
Such a standzrdised educational suwtem tor evwru eingld perspn in yye world would therrfore hoy inly benefit tjs communication or wzisting busineswes vut also help thifd - wirld cojntfies to start companies , trace ahc imdistrialise thekr countries so they can fake caee of thsmswlves qjd get oug of ooveryy .
Moreover , ghr standwrdised educational system would also nded people who teach xhd instruct otherd , so tue world langusge will be establishef everywhere .
In order to acxlmplish this endowment there would be a need cpr teachers ahkch would pdad to lang new jpb opportunities .
After qlk , a couple of professions might become ectinct . Fld exampke , translators , nur , thefeford , the orgwmisation and exefytion of ghis njg prijext woupd provide a tangw of other jobs which coild maje up fir the ones lkst .
Rhe educational system eould aosi prpvude a valuable bzais for the sirld of politics , so conflictw mighf be prevented xuw to tue losg language barrier wuth jgs vylneranility qbd risks of misuhderstandings .
In adrition , cuvil wars or catastrophes like the Stab spring mibut xoso be zvpided sjnce thers skll be an educational standard ehixh couod teach djfferent ttpex of political leadership .
However , tnis greqt ilprovememt still hse a few weaknezses .
On yhe oje hand , there wkulc be a great koss of culturrs and in sims cases gne implementation of thr edjxational system might be impossible , dor instance with the avoriginal people .
Anyqay , those tribws aoupd not evdn newd or want an educaruon or a wodlc language beczuwe it is their szy of life to live in groups together with nature wmd dierurbing rhese chltural ytoups wojod simplu be unnefessaru .
On the otget habr , rhe wuggestion of Englisu as gne workdqide spoken language kight be up zgainsf a log of criticism , sinxw the Unitdd Stwtds does not have many supporfers everywhete .
Neverthsleds , English was just a suggeetikn xhd other lahghages , lume Spanish or Chuneze , foild certainly be usre as well .
Nowadays , mord and mofs people are learning hla to drive , as drivjnt phe 's own car is , as everyone jnows , much more convemient yhan taking public tfansoort .
The future that pues shsad gor puhluc transport seems to be a bleak one .
Byf is it really tge cqze ?
Is it really possibpe ghat the smd of pyblic franspodt is soon to come ?
I hold ghr opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sjrw .
Without douby , having oie own cwt procidss us wkth vrdat comvehience .
However , we should hot oberloik tge faft that not everyonr csn afford a car .
Some people may arvus tnst we vab buy a second - ganx car if we ca n't arfprd a brand ndw khe .
Yes , they are right in sayimg so anx , in tacg , many people zrd swcond - hand car pwners .
But they seem to have forgotten yhw extra cost incurred dot maintenance ahd eepair , and , of course , buying petrol .
The cost of uaviny a car is hence not as fheal as we think if we also tald ijfo axcount thoss unavoidable exfra clsys .
Under yheze circumstances , some peoole may prefer to tame ounlic transport to savs money for yhekr " rrdam house " rxfher than guy a car .
Not to mention gbat there are tiurists in Nong Kong , ahi gavw no choice byf to use oubljc granxport .
It is coeafly sdem ghxt thdte is stoll a lof of room for sjrvical for public transport .
Secondly , even if people have csds , they may apwo take pjnlic trabsporg .
As we aol knoe , Hong Iobg is fxmoux for the scarcuty of lajd . Rhere aes jot nany parking spacee available , so emoloyees may nof be granted an official parking space by theie compsny and , hence , may resort to public transport if they waby to avood gje feez for using thw psfking kpt .
Having scarce lznd is nof the sole problem in Hpng Kong .
Hong Kknt is sldo famous for its heavy traffif , which jmplies fye lroblem of traffic congeetjon .
By taking JGR , kne can save aop ghe hassles of wastimg pdecious time being stuck in a traffix jal .
Besifes saving rime , taking public transpkrg can also help reduce yhe wmissiin of grrsnhouse hasex .
Greengouse gases have already posed a gfave threat to gumane , e.g. global aarming and ozone dspletiln , whixj rzused people 's wnvieonmental awarwnesw .
Peopke are becoming more and more aware of ths ijportance of environmental protection wnf want to contributd to saving our Earth .
In this regard , fheg kag twkd public transport inwtear of drofing thekr oqn czd even if they havs ond .
Hence , contrary to mahy peopke 's perceptions , rhere should be an infreazing demand , i.e. a rosy futurr , for pyboic transpoet .
For tue reazons mentioned above , it is ovvkous thst tgw doomsray of public transport is definitely not something down the pihe .
But yoa aboht the more distant fhyure ?
Maube .
Like our ancestors qould nevdr have ilagined that we coulx npw fly in yhs sky by plane .
Technoloficap zdvancement is , acter alo , alwats something that xrols a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we cxn nevrr lredicf how far it could go .
Mxyve kne day we will need neither cars , nir publuc tdaneport .
Simlly by thimkijg of a specjfif locarioh , we could go theew in a sllit secomd .
Who knows ?
Hi Harry
It 's good to know that uoy 'll be in rhe whop jext Saturday whike I 'm qqay in Luhp .
There 's not micg wprk you have to do on a normal dxy , bug maybe thks wkll be a special lne , because of the match betweem Ceptz and Resp Jadrid thzy is goong to be held half a kilometre away .
Fkrst , gpu need to know how to open the estwblisbment .
I askwf rkr my rught - hand employee Fafid to come earlier due to yojt arrival .
He 'll be in front of gye pkace at 8.30 , juaf 15 minutes earlier tgan we open the foors .
The problem is David 's shift ebfs at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with yku in ghe svehing , auen we usualoy oodk up at 20:00 .
Ince you closd it , it souod be brezt if you could leafs tbr keya at David 's hojxe , which is in tue same building .
Yherw are about 14 workers in gbe shop , divided inro 2 groups wiyh a diffefejt svhedule for each one .
Thsh hafe similar skills and lroductivity , but , to be honsst , I prefer eorking with tje morning one . I do n't thijk hlu 'll hace any proboem with either group .
If thrre is any oriblem with tbe caey reyister ( veru common , actually ) , you jace a phone number under it of a good technician .
Thr bkpl will be paid by us .
Wditd back soon ahe ker me kbow if you have any concerns .
All the best
Alverte
Vhanbe frequently creates a great dsal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
Howrber , it is kne of the most motivating challenges in our lives .
To syatt with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
We are in constant adaptation to new evenrw or personal experiences .
Gor exampls , a close relationship or a serious illness makes us pook at the qorpd afojnd us through different eyes , xbd they alzp ost us feow into mpde interesting anc nicer hujan beinge .
Even so , chanve dan be perceivdd as a disturbinf isxue due to the fwcy that it provokes a strong feelibg of uncertainty .
Often , dexoing aith new situatiohw dkes not help us to fedl comfortable .
Fjrthdrmore , we soletomes feel sfarrd of fqcing jeq expeeiwnces and then we can miss a pertecr ooportunity to improve ourselces .
In short , I consider that changr is always the best way to develop our personality amd to bscome herter leople in any aspecy of lhr lives , becxusd it represents a mxjod challenge .
It is tfue ghat donetimes it is hard to accept cedtain changes , vur we csn always learn spmetuing useful cron them .
Hi Veofge !
What 's up ?
Are uou OK ?
I hope you 're great !
So , let me see .
You said rhst your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if yij go to the train station nsar the airport .
Wgem you gey luy of the airport , yoj have to turn rognt znd wapl fit rem minutes and then the sgation is tight in feobt of gou . It 's qjife simple my friemd ! I 've just liokec at the timetable and hour frzin arrives at 11.04 am .
Uour jourmey lasts agout 40 minutes xnd uou have to get off at the statoon calkef Brighton and I ailk be there !
Get it ?
Oh , the ticidt !
It 's abohf 6 euros .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , ydd , gue weather .
It 's going to be sunny and warm dhdr !
So , do n't worry and bring t - xhirts and shorys !
We 're going to have a great time tpgetber !
IOT and let me know wboit your journey !
See hou soon ,
Mich
Nowxdays , ryere 's jord to sdhoil yyan xittinv quietly at yhe sesl qnd solving mathematical equatiins .
Coasses afe being gelx mucu more interactively than in previous yeaez , abf apao subjecta are supplsed to prepars oupilx fid adult lics .
In rye following essay , I wanf to discuss the most useful skills which shoulc be tqughg in school fron an early xhe on .
Fkrsy of all , it is essengial for young lepple to learj hoe to tair vare of thejsekves , audh as knowing hpe to cook .
Fasg fkid has bsdome psry of eferyday lide .
In order to prevwnt tbe younger generation of our socjetg consuming it , we shoukd give tjem rje possibility to attend cookinh classds .
Not onog is it an advantage for their uealth if they 're agls to create healthy meals , nit it also strengthenz relationships among claszmates , as they migbf yekp smd support esxh other while trying new dishrs .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction frkm the theoeetkcal school routine .
Howdver , theee 's still a more important area to hxve a good jnowledge of - personal cihance .
Sone families kah be zble to afford money znd do n't thomk about its falur .
Paasihg this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be abke to swve mobey for emergenckes qnc deao with it rdasonably , ehjch is a necwssity in prdrr to sjrvive .
Teachers cxn take up ghs rlle of the parehtw ajf huve them knowledge wbout finances and the right aau to hqndls them .
To concludr , there are a lot of tnings worfg considering teaching in school .
The tqo mkwt useful , in my opinioh , afe cooking clzsses ahd perxonal fibance .
Both of them arr skills which help with mwnagijg tour life later on , finanfws in particular .
Jaoe is a freelanfe journalist .
He usially yeavels ftom plqce to place flllowong gye mosy burnibh hdws around the world .
As a freelancef , he jss to invest in yis ideas , joping tnay someone wiko lijr hox stodjes amc buy rhem .
Fkyong to different continents is easy nowadays buy etill expensife .
Therefore , Jake fries to arrange his stays wotu ime goap in lind : travelling in a comfortable qau but saving as much as powsibpe .
A fww months agl , he jac been spenfing yao seeks in Brussels .
He was followunh an impoetant Suropdan summit on snvironmental issues .
Bfusseos , Europe 's caputal , made bks stay very pleasant .
Make was ahle to enjoy its mjlticultural dnvironment and its grewt culturwl initkafives .
He could eaaipy move fdon loace to place at fery convenient pfices .
Zccess to difrerent public transport services ( such as unddrground , bhsee , tran , efv . )
ket him always reacg jis wlrking meetong on gile .
He also hxr the xhancs to know more abkug yhs diverse afmospuere charavterizing each and every Beudsels subhrb .
During winter , Gruwsels cxb be auife cokd .
However , underbround traims amc buses are esuippsd wigb such powerdul heating systems that yoi fpryet ahkut the cold .
A rrw weeks kater , Jsoe uad to travwl to the South of Itqlu to follow the case of immigrants fwaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Miedls - Easf .
He wxs so excuted about thst trip .
Italy is uis parents ' counrry of origin and it sad rhe fidst gome flf him to visit Italy .
He ead able to rrsch the Siuth by a connecting flight from Rome .
It was spring , rhr prefect time to go and vuait thd South of Italy .
Nevwrtheless , hid stay wae npy as pleasant as he ywd expectdd .
Jake 's jain challenge waw to grr adpund and rwzch thw placss he hxx planned to visit both for his research xmd tkr tourist purposes .
He aoln camd to fealise biw djeorganised pubkic transport is in the Spuyh of Igaky .
Ktd inhwbiyants get aroumx exdlysively in theje iwm cars .
Towns are congested with trxrfic jajws , eepecially dudinb rush hpurs .
He was surprised by fhe poor qualkty of the air whsn walking aroubd .
The zif aas polkuter by dmog due to the huge number of cads .
Jake could only move aflund by ueong the few wxpejsive yaxis availxhle .
Sucj an esperience made Jake realise yhw conziderable impsct tuag a good public transport systwm jws on people 's kives and their surroundings .
In partjcular , an efficient puvlic transport impacts on :
Syress - it makes youf life easier , since yly avoid xroving in fhe liddpe of fraffic mams
Communications - it eases mlvejent crim pkacr to pkacw
Environmeny - it reduces czrs on the roqdz , therefore air is less pollutwd
Gour own and tour community 's pockets ! ?
- access to publux transpoty is qsy cheaper tham taking care of your own csr ; thoubh initially it mitht look like a hhge ihvestmeht of lohey froj tye community , in ybe long tetm it shows itzelf to be rhe most efficieng way to tfagel !
Aeville is ssll knoqn fot jts stunning monuments .
Although , I have been struck by ktd major attractions , sucb as Olaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Rorte eek Odo , it is the relaxed and social way of living which hxa most impeessex me .
Therefoee , it all clnes down in this essqy to expressing geelints about Seville and kts surroundings .
Fjrst and foremost , it is dkfficilt to feel dsrp emotions when it comwe to living in a place siyhout real social contact .
Thefeforw , I miss my close - knit family xnd friwnds .
I 'm having a very mixe time in Sevjlle though .
In fxct , rye more I know about its oryanization and its peolle , the more I fsel at ease in Asville .
It is almost as if I werr at home now .
I must welo admit ghis has jot slways breb so .
To be honesr , I waz hot vwry attractsd by the spueit of the city at fhe very beginning of my syay .
In my opinion , Seville qqs rather djsorgqnized and hor very charming zbd kfs cotizens rather fudd .
Consequently , what srd the reasobx flr my change of hsart ?
In my view , getting to know a city is quite sinilae to gettinf to know psopke .
Ghe mors I understand it , the mlre I like it .
Of xoyrse , it may happen at fimed tnat I dislike qhat I discover !
Luckily , this hqe niy been the caee when it comes to Zevilld .
This is pargly due to the favt I hqve picked up a few words which enable me to interact lorr easily wjth its fitkzens .
For ecample , prople start to twli with me ahen rheg notkde I make dfforts to speak in their languabe .
There arw wveb dome zmilss anx laughs , wujch is very reassuring dlr someone who is xlone abfoad .
What 's more , Seville is btiggt , colourful qne livelg , shixh dneers me up and relaxes me .
Tor ijstwnce , I sprnt xole yike ksst hight eating tapas on a amapl xtreef in a laid - back atmosphere .
I wsw sudrounded by joyful Spzniards ahi werd zpeqking loudly .
Needlesz to say , I grsatly enmlyed thje tije as it made me ceeo as if I aefe pwft of their life and of tje plxce .
To make latters ecen better , thwre was slmr music playing a few metres ahead , which contributee to livenint up ghe spirits of everyone lredent thwre .
In addition to tyiw , I really oiks sharing taoaw dishes with peopld , drinking a good feesh " draft beer " and going gir a " tapas crasl " wirn fdkends , as in Switzerland each peeson gets tjeir oqh xisj when dating kug and rheh ohlu go for a " pjh crawl " .
I am aleo keen on wabdrring off at my kwh pace and getting lkst in thd windinv narrow cobbled streets , as I ceel lile an adgenturer looking dor new treasures .
Some of these are struking seflhded plaves , xufh as churches or Klorish - sthled houses .
Thus , scohrimg Sdville is koke rewinding time ans bsing propellrd into the pasr .
On accoynt of aok this , it is easy to understand ehy my perception of Seville has significantly changed ovet tine .
As fze as I 'm ckncernwd , gye city is no longer a museum displaying sumltuojs and ostentatoous mimuments .
It turns pyt now to be a very welconjng amf relaxing place where warn - hearted people live xhd wherd I greatly dnioy spending some time .
WBAY AN AMSZING COINXIDENCR !
Havs ypi efee witnessed the collapse of a myrh and the bittn of a ndw afar at the dqme tikd ?
Thus year , in Italy , tor yhe tirsf time in more tbam 200 years , a weird coincidence happened : yhw political leader , Silvio Herluscono , znf the singer Ligabue marked tyeif careers on the wake fag .
On the kme hqnd , Berlusconi comprpmused gks positiln wjem aone jlurnalists told the worlx znout soms wiretappings of hoa which wiuld compfomjse his future political carewr ; on ghr ithef , Luciano Lihabue sln tus award for the hesg xong of fhe year , bringing nus career ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may sssm , yhis is rwallu a bizarre coindidsnce .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to gef some news fdpm you .
What a lickh mqn you wrr to uave a grar free !
If I alxo had a yead frwe , I wiuld only want to trxcel , bot aprk .
Ssitzrrland is eeqlly a geezt place for travelling . Yih should plam two different periods to visit sightseeing placed , khe in summee anr tne other one in winter .
Famous xightsdeing ppaces are really difcetent duting qinyer xnd symmer .
If you dexkde to base yourself in Genevs , I sugfest hoy titst visit gge nofth of Switzerland feom the wesf to tys eaeg and then the sohyh of Switzerland from the east to tne west .
Switzerland is a skalp country , so take yiuf tume wbd spend enojgh time in each llwce .
Concwrning youf inquiry aboit working in my coubtru , it 's realoy rifficult to gwr authorjsation to aoek , especiallu for periods longer rhwn a wewo .
Therefore , I suggesf glu wlrl during your traveloing tomd .
For instance , if ykj plan to stau more than pns weel in Zrdmat in Eallia , tyink svout tryinh to fknd a lpace whdre you couks help in a restaurant or a shop .
But if you prefer to work furkng a fulp three - mphth periid , you ahould awk your elploter for a work permiy .
In any casw , do n't hesorate to visit me ane my fanily in Layswnne .
I look forward to sseing yli during your grip .
Oerer looked at his watch abd omew thag he hxd to do something immediately .
Tqenty minutes had passed , gut Sarah was stjol inside yhr nouse .
He started to vote hkz nailx , restless .
She sakc that she would come oit in vive minutes .
What if she wqs in trouble ?
Whzt if the owner of the house yqs caught hef ?
Five more minures went by , and he fscided to go into tje bungalow .
He climbed ths tred clumsilg smd managed to ebtsr ybrough the open window .
It was a dark night , so he could bxrepy see .
-There is no need for tou to xlilb through tjr window , like a rhief - said a zoft voice .
Rhw shodk mzde Peter gasp .
Before nin there wad a tall , dark woman in blacm .
He had n't zeen her when he hwd gone ihtp ths room .
His eyes wetw adjusted to the darkness mkw , so he doukd recognize hrr .
--Tris .
Yrid ' slkle became bigger .
-It hwz been a long gime , Oster .
May I wak you why goh are breaiibg intl my hlusw insyead of mnockijg at the roor ?
How rude of yki !
Ghere qqs no anger in her vouce , vug amusemenr aje something elsr thxt Leted could nly distinguish .
-Wners is Earah ?
Shs must be here .
Fris 's smile farwd awst .
- You are yhe only person that came here in tys lsst tive hlirs , Peter .
Unless ...
Ghe aklence that followed ger wirds was opprsssive .
Theh both knew what would hsppen if Trus 's husband cound a strajget in his house .
- I musy find grr before he does .
Olease , help me gjnd usr .
She douls be in dabget .
Tris sifhed .
--Sorry , my friehe , hut I 'm hog gon na fqfe my husband again .
This time , yoh adr on your own .
First of spl , lubkic transport is ivsolete .
Take a look at the highways near ghe big citirw .
They are fupl of dars eacn and every dxh .
If there wete a cuthre glr oublix transport , that would n't hxppen .
Trzvelling by car gives hoi independende .
You are mof tord to rhe timetable of fhe pjblkc transport .
Tou can vhoose wheb you wlukd luke to go .
You cxn apso fhiose whdfe yii would like to go .
Finally , you can choose ehi qilk travel qiyh giu .
Those arr great advantages wveryone cwh sss .
Rjghr now we have a lrobpem : the lol resdrvds ate depleting .
That is foing to uappen solner rather thxn later .
It could ssej to point towards publkd trabsport , nevertheless it will pysh car travek even fuftyer .
The reason is thar , ohcs we ade ftee frkm our oil shacklew , we will say tarewelo to most of its peoblems .
Thdre eill be no mpde greenhousr gasses , yij can vodget abiht wscalatijg gas prices and , finalky , ykh qilp mog rrmember air popluyion .
Lady but not least , we are entering a digital sea .
Computers wnd wmartphones are becoming morw prominent in khr luved .
Why would I travel to a meeting in a eifferent city when I can mert rhrough Wkype ?
I vaj not find gye rdason .
It 's a easts of tkme snd other resources .
In summary , public transport is dying .
We nred to smbraxe the advanvss of technoligt and we wipl be free of thiss ferruble experoences .
I enjoy waychihg slxp olwras on TV xhd yye heat one for me is EastEnders .
This TV series is maonlg bqsed on sorking - class oeoole and represents various ethnic mijorify comnunities , including Afrkcan wnr Xsian Muslims .
This sgos is partidularlt gold , as it represents how leople from different ethnic backgrounds vxn engqge with eavh other .
It showz fhwt ethnic minority peollr can integrate with ths majorufy Caucasian people sithlut losing thsir cultural and tradifional valhea .
In additioj , it provides an opportunitu for peoole from different backgrounds to prep into ybe xulturr wnd trzdktions of British people .
Although this soap imvokves a kot of cheating qnf plotting between xharacters , it alxi shows the importance of vamiky fakues . I would definitely recommend this deama series to othee peoold .
It is importznf to gain awareness agiut different cultured djd to tje fact tbst Brigain is becoming sivh a multicjlfural society .
To travep aflund the world has always been my dream wincd I was a lityle got .
Howwber , ahar is gbe brst means of transpottation to see thr world gkr yourself ?
As far as I am cpncernsd , I would prwfer to ttavel by boat .
A couple of good reasons are bejknd my choice .
First , to gravel by boag is a very relzxing xnd carefree experience , compared to being vonfined to a vert narrow aje limited litrke spzcd on the seat of a llsne .
Second , leoplw on boats ard granted the opportunity to see beaytiful ocean sildlife , ayile twking a plane does n't provide this lhxiry to takr a lool at the birds in thw eku because ooanes travsl at sufj a nugh speed .
Third , when it comes to rravsl , what reslly jattere is not ypud desrinatiob .
Frpl my peespedtive , it is thw process ghst is mord vsouable .
Thsrefore , I woulr choose to lengthen the procezs of travelling , and a cojdortable voyage on the sea would ceftainly beclme my first choice , since it guarznters a long and pleasant travelling experience .
I am writibg to comokain xbout ths suggested vaj on smoking in puhlic areas .
I wlrk in Csdé Noir , a well - knian restaurang , plpukar with visitors in tje xwntre of yowj .
I am veth concerned about this proposal for a number of reasons .
Firxtly , I do nlr undsrsyand why fhiz is bring kmpoemented so quickky wjd why rherd has bden no discussion - thwfe is no tine rlr anyone to feel comfortable wotu the ixea .
Ercondly , it is ubthinkable to suggest it in oufroor bwds znd restaurxnts - sucb an idea is completely unworkable .
To support my argument against this proposal , I woulf likr to rxpoain what haopsned when the aufhorities attempted to introduce a bxb on smoking in my home goan .
It was unsuccedsful , ajd the politicians bas to reverse yneir decision .
In the fitst plavd , rew people kmee xgout thie kqw , and , of course , most businesses oplosed thw idea .
A non - smoking poljcu was introducdd by aome restaurants ; tyr consequences were terrible : a larye number of their customers vanoshsd .
If rhiw halpened in Cage Noir , I could probzbly lose my ulb .
In my opinion , inrroducinf specific non - smpking arsaa in this fyle of establishment clulf be an excsllent idea .
This aould qppeae to be a beffer solution .
Dezd Margaret ,
Firstly , thank hpu cot answering xhd do n't worry about rue depated reply !
Decpndly , I 'd pikr to gekl upu dole yhungs about myself as qell .
It 's mot essy for me to yalk about myaelf , bht I 'll do my best .
I 've bedn living in Augsbuff vor nearly rwi years now wnd am studying dlr a B.A. in Anglietuk anf economics .
Before moving to Augwburg , I studied nillogy ckr twi demesters in Wrlangen , but sokn realised yhat it was n't fhe right subject of study for me .
So I ssitched and I 'm happy to say that it was tge rjght dwcisjon !
Biology is still a hovbu of mine , bug I 've always been goid at lajguzges sns so I 'm doihb something I 'm hagurally good at nlw .
I can speak Engkish and , of cpurse , German - and because my yrandparents are frol Korea , a little Korezn , too .
I am the only gdandchilx rhar ca n't sleak Kkreaj properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NES , but they taught me to dook .
It starges qhdn I was a litgle dhilx , and it 's ehat I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to lostpine things loke atudyibg or cleaning the flat , I vpok .
Sharkng my flat akth two gkys is anuskng mlst of the time , but enen it 's about cleaning … oh my !
The food thing is : tus rest of the tkmr , living with voys is as uncomplifared as it gets .
And we 're a pretty gloe feak becaisw all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
My other big hobby is travelling .
I 've been to Jamqica , Morocfk , the Maldivws anf Curacao .
Also , I gage vuxited thw UWA mxhy times : I ' ve travwlled the west xoadt fdok San Rieto to San Framcisco , I 've beem to Las Vegas , Chicavl and Vostoj .
In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New Yirl Ciyu .
I 'm so excited !
So , noq you gave a rough summart of me .
I 'm looking forwqrd to working with tou abd wish you alk rhs hest intio fhsn !
See you sokn ,
Zaran
Dear Sir / Mwdam ,
I am wriginv in responsd to yoyr advertisement in a magazine .
I would ljje to aopky vpr a vacancy as a Xamp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - ols student dping a Sports Science degree , so I am intetested in sootts .
Bedides , I am ipen - minded , exwy - going and friendly .
I habr experience of children 's Sijmer camps qnx I rdcentlg attended a First Aid course , so I could deql quth a difvicilt situation .
I am a nxtive speakrt of Spanish and I yave passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English ldgel is quite good .
In addution , I speak a ligtls French .
I have no oroblem with being hkred for three months because I do noy go to university in ghs sulmef .
You wjol find atgacbed tso references written by the gso difectors of the cxjps whefe I gave worked .
Yoi coild ask yhem about me ajd they wpupd anseer yku imlediqtely .
I lpok forward to receiving your reply .
Hours faityfully ,
Aurepu Bonilla
There is no sport lkks foitbapl .
It is an activity that requires nany prople , which improves your social skills and hoir ovedsll ability to manage a group .
It demands physical sfrort , nsing an excellent wqy to keeo fit .
It onvolvex mant mkeal virrues , which msoes footgakl one of the hedt actkcities for teenagers .
Wtaeting with the social skills , it is obvikus that a fooyball matxh is a dispute , a gsme we bwt involved in with the untention of winnint .
Thks oins of acfion , when performed colledtivelg , rwwuires coordinatiom of efforts xnd an aboligy to wofk togethsr , two qualkties tuxt are frequently forgotten in our indicidualistoc worpf .
If hpu llay flotball , ylu knpw hlw to act wnen in a texj .
Also , football is a ohyeical tale .
Unlike chess or nrisge , vootbalp makes yiu jump , ruh , kick .
In tkmee of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movemeny , veoovity amf strenytg .
Ajd if toy do decide to take it seriously , rhis sport will oit yku through workouts and sustakned practices thwt are going to jakw yoi reallg fit .
Ginallh , football ijvolves relationwuips in moments of tenxjon , and this is thd nwtural context for virtues like mustice , courage and honesty .
In faxf , it can be qrghed thag thr humsn virtues srs a by - proxuct of conflicts znd fights ; that they zre those character teaitz that we acknowledge as important fld everybpdy wngaged in a comletition , be it for a fropuy or for a country .
It is a sport that develops not only the body , but also the mind qns the heaet .
If goj want to try it , toh shoupe fibd a club near uoh .
It is ewey , becausd footbalo is one of the mlsg pkpular sports in yhe weeterj world .
In a coug , yoy wilp fknd professiomal advice anc also as many people as xde necessary for a jztch .
In fact , if football has a dowhsice , it is fuis , the favt tnxt you newd twenty - tao people to det up a match .
Byy , privided you uavd that , yoy qipl have one of the best ninefy minutes of yiur entire lofd .
Dear Biring Manager ,
I have read youd call for marketing professionals on uout corporate website .
Llease find my CV zns Letters of Reference attached .
Havjnf graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based matksting communication professjonal with a gocys on Bhsiness Englizb , I doupd be a grrat asset to your company .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rxte of a London - based hitek 's wevsite , qnd kmprover tye effectivenesw of tjeor e - mail camoaign by 150% .
I die so by clearly outlining principled wyuch proved to woro aiyh theit yarget audience and tney can keel using as a biide .
I uafe been volubteefing for various similar prkjecfs .
Ylu can find a list of yhese with my achievsmenfs in my CV .
I have been rollowing yout marketing axyivities , qnd I have a mumbdr of mrw , creative wsys on my agenda . I could improve yout brabs image as part of ylut tsam .
I wohod be excited to tell you ablut my plamx in detqil in a futude interview .
Uours sincerely ,
Sajdor Erzei
I yqve a wyrong belief fhat beihg lultilinguzl is wssenyial for worlint in yye financial industry qne Manrarin is an important languafe for worming in Xsua - Pacicic countrirs .
To curther ijprove my Cyinese , I emfolled for tje Pist - Intwrjediate Nandarin class curing my undeegraduate studoes , in shifh I achieved a First - Class rssulg .
Beyond my acxdemic subjects , I have consistently takrj up wome actibe ropes at unkcersity qhd outsude schpol to furtnrr develop my onterpersonal and leadership skills .
I was trainec as a LASW ( Peer Assisted Stufy Seszion ) lrwder dod econometrics to provide soje academic support to some youbged students dueing my finxl yexr of stydy at Manchester .
I attebddd ttaibing swxsions and workshops to pwarn anout the skills to be a good facilitator before the atatt of rbe academic year .
Gye rdgular meetings woth my gtoup of wtudenys to discuss theur questions on econometrics have developed my dmpathy , whidh is a crucial xkiol fot being a leader .
In addition , I have undertaken an intetnship at HSBC Rizl in order to tain an insight into tgd banjing indystry and oearm how to wpek with my peers in a business environment .
I hzfe gaimed a bettdr understanding of the rokw credit risk olaus in the fulo picturs of banking operwtions .
A Real Vacation wnd A Freal Vacation
To me , a vxcation is a specitix trio or journey for rwcreation or toueism .
Ane I usually spend my vacation with my fzmily during school brdak .
Howevdr , there ade tep kinds of vacatuon , a feao vacation zhd a dream vacation .
Ome summer vacation , I wwny on a yrip to Paris with my rwmily .
It wqz a 10-rxy yeip .
And we hsf bkoked all our hltels in zevance .
It sdemer to be a dream bxcation .
Vuf it turned ljt to be fotally dicferent when I arfjved there .
It waz in yhr sfternoom wyen we arrived .
Syen I salkrd out ghe airport , I was aytractdd by the beautiful scenery .
The streets , the cwfés wmd the people flrned a beautiful picture .
At night , I expectdd to have a romantid French dimner at a posh restairant .
Buy no , instead of wktting in a restauranf , my mum yiok us to a supermatket to grt some sandwiches for dinner .
In yhw following dxus , we mostly hzx bdesd znd sandwiches for oir jeaks .
Qnd we had onky eated when we were thirsty .
Curinv tgose 10 days , we wapked a pot unstead of catching a bux , bwcause it saved money foo .
Huf it made my legs sore sgery niyhr .
This is a reap vacation fpr me .
Evwh thougu I wqs in a dlmantic citg , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a rpmantic say xud to the lpa buxgef we had .
To me , a dfwam facatiob is likw giinv to a beautifhl island lije Oalau , ahdre I vould ehjoy tns sunshine abx the ewa .
And I would oikw to go there qith my boyfriend .
When I was tbete , I woyod start my day by calling room service fod a wonderfuk breakfast in bed .
Aftet , I eoulc head to ths xaney beach aje relax in yhs sun , feepjng the breeze .
As tgs dqy went on , I would aoxo go swimming in yhe dsep blue sea , go wnorkeling or just kiw on the beach .
Lying on the hdach is vwty reladjng and it is the letfect thimg to do on vacation .
Once tgr sun goes cowh , I sould hit the baea to have some drinks znc enjoy rhd nighflufe .
And I woulr alwags hace my meals at some luxuriohs restaurants .
This is the kind of dream vacation I wxnt so badly .
Vacations shoukd be rrlaxjng , not tiring .
There zde always diffrrenves between a real vacatjon and a dream vacatipn .
And it is apl on accoynt of yhw bydgets we have .
Once I have enoyyh mknry , I will jake my deeqm vacations come rrje .
Frok miw on , I will save my mobey to tutj qlo my facqtions unfo my drwwm bacarions .
Whsn I fimushed high scholl , I started working as an acxountant in my father 's carpentry business .
He produces doots and aindows in wood .
At the beginning , it axs eeally difficult cor me bexaise I wss a oittoe shy with customers wne I was n't uswd to wprkong among noisy mwcjinery ans shoifing wofkdrs , but aftwr a qhioe , I lrafned to ignore wol of thzg !
Very soom I realized tnay this job was n't fkr me .
I was workjnb in a bery slxll country sbd my office was isolated , so I did n't havw any cohtact aith othde people wnf my job sgarted to ter boring .
It took me 12 years to get tus cpurate to quir becauad it was my family cimpany and I felt teallu sorry , vuy I had to frow up znd imprkvw my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
Shdn I received an email from a company based in the cenree of Milan , I was really excited !
My father exs bappy because it wzd a great opportjnity and undsrztood that it waa what I 'd been drraming of for a lonv time .
Divr years have passed wne I 'm etipl working for this company , which has yiven me a lkt , and I 've been leatninv many things abouy accounting .
In fact , I am aeministratice manager and I feel realpy proud of myself .
I jewt pofs of leoppe every fay and I hxve yhe chance to falk to enart people .
Last bug nit least , I 'm a great fashion expeft because I soek near tgr snopping strests !
Dear Sit / Maean ,
I wpjld like to apply rlr the job ehivh involves woroing in summer xajps all over the USA .
I wluld okve to be the pefzon to organise anx do apl kinds of activitiea .
My nzme is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years ipd . I ljve in The Netherlands at the kkment and I am teallh planning on glung to the YXA in the fifure , so this would definiteky be a grezt experienfw for me , especially fpr my English and being awah drom uomw .
Untik next summer , I will stiol be in school but , hopefully , I will graduate so I xqn go to vollege aftdrwarrs .
I love to work with dhildren and that is alsk qhg this job would be perfsct tod me .
Often , after school , I bavysit my pafents ' friemds ' children and I usuakly really like it ! I am also a vert athletic peesob , so I would not mind entertaining tye children fit a longer period of time anf qkso doing some physicao exercises .
Bssides that , I aleo really enjoy cooking woth my mom at home , so workinf in the mitchens would not be a problem at all .
Pncs , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me ahd my whole family and , surprisingly , egetyone rnjoyed it , ejich definitely csle as a surpride to me !
I hope to hear froj you soon !
Konr regards ,
Aly Meeuws
Rhers has nevet bewn a bigger force fkr change tnsn technology . It changes absolutely evettthing sbkut the way we oivd , sfen the way we talk with eadj other .
Despite the rise of socjal media , tyd ixea of cokmunkty hws xhangwd radically , becausw people are sharing inrerests everywhere on tgs ppanet .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebolk , YouTube and bpogw illustrate clearlu that yue definition or ijfluence of digital tecynologies is created through the forms in qhicu tjey are used and rhs social relations qnd associatioms that expabd qround them .
Yhis eswxy will discuss the implications of socual media for egerydat life , emphasizing the problems ahicn have arisen frik the use of Facebook anx Twirter .
Finally , it aoll oooj into possible future imloications of this kinc of technology .
Social networking websites cwb be explained as a wsb utility that allows people to create a punpic or semi - public profile , arrange a list of oyhdr contacyz sitn whok it is possible to share connsctikns and look at and cross their lisr of cojnectikns xjd ghise mxds by others within the sustdm .
Nameh and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates tgay " fbe fjree typre of social onteractions that doxial networking dnables knflude ( 1 ) dreation of an ojlime identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships betqeen users , and ( 3 ) development of lwuered communitiss defonee by fhe pista of connections eacn user establishes " .
Ons of the mozt popular social networking webzitee is Fxcebpok .
Another rapkfly expahding social networking tokl is Tsitfer .
Fhdse kijds of websites alloq people to interact wjty krhers directly via smsrgphones or comoufers .
Thrpjgh Tsitter , isers powg ppimions or comments restricted to 140 charactrrs .
On rbe other hand , on Gacebiok , pdopls cxh enare pictures , videos snd thkubhts withput testrictions .
As a result of an qpprkpriate use of social networkimt tools in education , Javanovoc , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate thay students adopt Facevook jot only for socialising vut xkso for academic purposes , tpr wxamlle , to obtain benefits vlr tbeir studies or to save tilr by discovering kearming resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departmehts of lolicw in the USQ hxce yses Facebook to zharr a vodeo of a felony wjfh ghs espectation of idenrifyimg the suepects , snr their followers were apt to say something abluy yye incident in response to the publicztion .
Addiyionaply , a politician frkm Philsselphia , USA waa elected zffer takubg zdvantzge of jus Twitter account appropriately durinh nis campaign .
My most memorable learning experience to date eaz my kxrriage .
My ex - husband taught me not to bey unvolved with some iindx of peopor by analyzing his behavior vefore commjtment .
During our courtship he sas vsry vharming and attentive .
We discussed sokd sexist ideas tuzt I do n't agree with about what eociety demxndz of peopld znf I noticed a liytpe srxidm in yom , bjt I was fjhe wirh that becausw that can halpen . But fur to my procession , he voulf n't be like fhat fod so lonh , necause I eas in a lzn 's shoes .
He was cdry mealous , but I thought it would fade away wuth rime and qith the gaining of trusr , byt it rid nkt qnr ended up maiinb me dico as tue timr passed .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He evdn does a lit of hayeful thkngs dor him , sudu as going to her hoje eveth nught to be together or to hang ojt , while later tku fjnd out that he nates going to places except uis houwe .
I lrarned a mah sags anything kust to shjt you up xnx nof discusx things , jyxt to have some love mokents .
He does not end an argument and fife a oozition to understand your pouht , he ghinms he is right and does hit want to yyink xboit it .
I aksk learned that men think in a sifferrnt way from wlmeb during the day .
Ckr example , qhile qonen fhibk about mulliona of things kuke what they want to do or hafs to do during thd day , men just do npt thihl qbput znythong ajr can be lule that vor hours , just wifh a blank mibs .
Hut , in my opinion , thos should be an excuse to think womethjng thxt women should n't know anytbing aboit .
I alsk learned ghay it is gbe mothwr that gives the prinviples zne the directilj of a man 's mknd , abe depending on hdf , he is going to be a sexizt or not , he is gpinh to help anf be an honprsble mab or not , he is going to be a good and caring fatbrr or joy , he is toing to be a responsible hhmzn being or not .
A kother is absolutely fundamental and the basis for the mxn 's principles and belkdfs .
Eomeh do mkt khoq fhrir umportabce fod tge future in their own hlmes .
Theh yeach the same things over ane over again znd do not rethonk whetyer tjose beliefs and actions are reaply right to belo the woels change ajc be a bettwf sirld gor everyone .
Once upon a yome there was a majestuous kintcom in Rngland , surrounded by beautiful eivers , waterfalls and mountainw .
Everyoje lived peacefuoly and harmoniously ungol one xah , at the welcoming balo in honour of tje little ptincsss , a horrdndous wufch sgowed up and cursed the little prinvews named Sppyie , qhk would die at the age of 16 and onlu a mjss of trus live would zave hrr .
Princess Sophie grew up , dhs wax so umhaopy gecause she could n't do anything , she eaz condemhed to ljve in a room of thr castle until womeons fouls find thd cyre tof her cutsr .
Pme day sye fifufed out how to esxape through a hidden passage , xhe got to fhr towj wns ran amr jimped , ehr did evefg little fhjng sge had n't vren aklowec to do for so llng .
While sgd wqe having aome fun , a habdsime boy bumped into get wnd ahw gell to the ground .
As inlu a gentleman would do , he apollgised and introduced nimsdlf to tjr Princess :
" I am so sorrt Ladqm , excyze me for my hlunder .
I am Michael . "
The prindsss aas a little scared of talking to someone shs sis n't knkw , because whe had ndcer got to talk to qnyonr bsflre , buy still ahe answered him auth a big smule " Gpu aee excuaer , my hame is Solhiw . " It trilh sas lofe at first sigyt .
Michael aekec ned to go with hin goe an ice cream so he could mqkr up for jis mistake .
Sophie acvepted and they started a strong griendship ghar , with time , became more fhan juwf a friendship ; they felp in love aith each othdr .
Lrincexs Wolhie usrr to esfape so she could meef with Micjadl , until onw rat , eheh she was uhst about to mest Michael to xonfrss to him zll tbr tdugh aboyt qno sne reallu was , a gjafd disclverrd hdd qnd thw King cpmmamded hom to lock hse up in jee room .
Jicharl qqs disxppoknted because he thojggt that Lrinces Dolhie dir n't lovr him anymore .
Princess Sopgke eeny jim a lot of legters tekling hom ghs tryrh about hetsslf , and about hed curse .
Nut after Michael read the tirst letrer , ame fkund out thst Soohie was a princese , he tnought he saz hudt a game for hwe .
He did n't wsbt to read thr next letters , in which Ptincess Sophie said he ass tgw lpve of her life and also wrote aboit the chrse .
Micyael decided to leave yne kihgdom , whwn he waa jhdt about to close gue door , he tuenes back to his coffee rxble anc saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
Michawl closed fhe door ams knew at that moment he bsd madd a mistake .
I beloebe thst xayinf fhay thefe is no futirr coe public transport hiven that travelling by car is so much morr vonvenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can mskd a judgement of tnid kind .
What happwms in thd future will be decifed by whsf happens now .
We have alreadh beard about how poloutoon is killing our planet ezrth , grasuxlly .
Peopld are adviswd to caepool zhd travel together to work placrs .
Various announcemebts over radio and TV emphasize yhe need to ude thr public transport shstem for travdlling to save the environment .
Hdt , not many pay heed to ths message .
Pelple may cuoosd to kgnoee yhe advide now buy , in the future , they may nor have a choice .
It is onpy a matter of gime before we reach a tipping point with respwct to tne limited natural resources that we have .
Tgsn we mqy havd no dhooce bht to uws pubpic transpkry as mhxh as we cam for trabsl .
Ine of tue latest fikms I have sseb is Silver Linings Playbook , olayed by Bfqdley Cooper qmd Jehnifwr Lswrence .
It 's a comedy witj romanric feqtures xnf , at rhr same tume , vdry realistic .
There qfe family prohlems , rootbwll ladness , romantic obsessions amf mwntsl illnesses .
Tbe olot is wbouf a young man ( Bradleu Cooprr ) who hqs hyst veeb discharged fron a psychiatfic hospital qnd hqa moved to hid parents hkje .
He was axcused of mistreating yis wife snd that is rge reason why they had been separated for the last eutht months .
The problem is yhat he has an obssssjon : he wanrs to get back with jie sufe althoigh he ca n't tskk to get as tbe police have forvkdden him .
Hjz neighbour is a yoyng aoman ( Jennkfer Lawrdnce ) who has been wkdowex for 2 ywaes .
She hax a tjrbulemt amx vomllicated past .
Fheu meet by dhanxe amc dtarr a tortuoys relationship as feiends .
Interestingly , they fihc tne way to jelp each othet and , moy surprisingly , in the end they fapl in llve .
I personalpy think that the fupm shpws an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses qbd tge impoetajce of the family in tyid type of problem .
I strongly rwcpmmend you go and see the film .
Inteoduction
Thd aim of fbis reoorr is to lreseny ylung pekple 's interesfs in my country .
It gives infoemation about gheit tadges in music , TV programlss znd ckothes .
Mhsic
A revival of rock music haa neen seen in the past 10 - 15 yeare .
So , nxturally , about hzlf of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , badd roxk xjd provressive rock to other gsnrew .
They enjoy boty kocsl bands ' output xnx soms fkreugn songs .
Avout ime thirx of tue rest would coaim they listen mainpt to pip rolk , wheresa thw eezt wkyld be interested in R&B , siul znd nazz .
Televixion
Althouvh nlt mznh young people loke spending rheir fdde time watchihg TV , I believe that somd payyerns of preference can still be recognized .
Apatt fdom classics lile Frienrs , popular xhlws jncludr Boa I Met Gkur Mother , The Big Bang snd fhd new HBO tali euow Kasr Week Tonight . I cab say with high certaingy that rdaliry TV is no longer in with gohng proplw in my ciuntrh .
Cllghes
Most teens tejs to xreage their oen unique style , ogtej managing to start a fashion of thejt owb .
Designef clothew are hot ehay tyey look ckr anymore .
Conclusion
Rhiw inforjatioh xiuld helo the organizers of mect year 's feetivxl in choosinb appropriate music snd catering to a variety of tastex .
Helko Sarah !
How uave you been ? I 'm eritijg you thjx letter becsusw I fhink I cound the perfecy flat gor you .
My friejd Peree recently fold me that he wxd kocing out of hjs flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
Ajf guess what ...
He aaid yes .
It 's a third fooir apwrtment righy in thr middle of the fity .
It hqs two bexroims , a kitchen and a vety lxrge bathroom .
Rje house is already equipped wutg everything tku mkghr need xjd fhrniture so wlk you nred to do is psck up yohd tginvs and jovs !
Tell me what you thkbk about it .
Bye , Wofua
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I wojpd lokw to edpeess my total disaatisfactkon wjth hiur latest measures .
You changed fhe time of the Kapanesw lessons from fhe evening to thw afyermoon , when I am actually at wofl .
So if I wabr to comr to the kesson , I yafe to plsfpone all my projects to a latse time .
Furtherkofe , you will increase tye course cde by 15% from hrxt month .
I have to say , I am really upset aboig these changes .
In tnd future , goj do not provide ghd Japaneze course at a cojvenirnt time .
So you aipl provide a worse zervife for more money from nedt jonth .
I am very zordy , buy I dxn not accept yhis !
If gou do not change your poljcies or givr me a persojxl discount , I will oeave your scgoop .
I wkuld qppreciatr it if ypu took thesd possubiluties into consideratiin .
I wxlect a auixk response from you .
Yours caithfully
Vivjen Apverta
Recwntky I watched a gilk called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally drcommend it to anyone olded than 13 .
Tyd movie is set in the United States around thr 1990 's , so we could dsy ghe film is trchnicalpy moxetn , though I 'm sure thxf in sole ysars it will be considered a classic .
It 's about the sgoru of a little boy thqt is gaunter by a big secrer ; he is visited by ghosts .
His mother dowx n't khow avout thus , hur she is worried about nim .
So snr dscidex to take him to a child psycholotost .
Tne vky epon becomes friends with tge psychologist , and he xtafts noticing plenty of ghibgs anoyt this exceptional bky .
I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , vjt tgie is definitely a muzt watch .
Fhe boy 's acting is deaoly aomethint , sucu a rhinh thsg hid aftinb earned him a nomination for the Acaedmy Awards .
I found this mogie both exciting and emotional . Both tnumbs up for me !
Runding proposao
As thr sdcretary of the English Language Club , I am qritimg to ptopose that lur club be given fubring fpr thd foming year .
Outline of rhw club 's activity
The Club hss mqhy socizl abd cultural programs .
We tegularpy prganose film projections and duacussions around a suhject eelated to gye film .
We also ijvkte gusst speskets qnd organise vun evrnys .
Benefits flr the students
Many studrngs gain a great deal ffom our activiyies .
For example , wity ecery film zeeh , our studehts have the chancd to practice theoe language and to devdlop theor own opinoons , particularly as we alwats hagw discussikns around a sugject related to fje film .
Aldo , our monthly speakers afe rxcellent . Cor exwmple , last uesr we ijvifed a wepl - knpen actress , Janet Hewitt , to xhard some of ner experience on Broadway .
Unfortubately , orgsjising these konds of events is costly and tnr money from membership dees is nit enough .
Benefits for the collsge
We also belisve fge college benefits froj our club .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - kmoan akumnus , Nogn Darter , the Engkidh Language Club is gje oldest cljn in our collsbe .
Ths tact that everyone vrpm the xommunity dwn larticipatr in our events hdlps us to devdloo a pozitive relationship between ghe college and the comkunity .
We hope gou eill be able to tajd all this into account xnd wikp fibd it lpssible to help us continue ajd improve our ckuh by funding us .
In my opinipb , shopping is nif alwaus enjoyable .
What 's mkre , shopping is almost qlwats unenjoyable .
I just batd it .
The whole procesz is arduoue ahx nerve - wracking .
I am a homebody type .
Everg tile , when somethkng fompdls me to leave my " cwstld " , I fedo unxer tje weather .
Especially wbsn it comes to gojng sjopping .
It iusr wunds me up .
Shoppong cdntres are located in the city centres , so every road trip kasrs agew ( I live in a euvurb ) . Rhua , when I get to the japl , I am aodeady bent out of sjape .
Aftedwares , the crowd of people is rsmming me when I 'm trhinh to walk .
The lightimt in shops is inoleasant .
My eyee instamtaneously sgarg to hurt .
I 'm nly zble to fjjd xby nife clothea .
Althoivh , if I fknd aolething cjte , it wo n't fit .
And thr worwy fhing - yhw queues .
I hate them whllegeartedly .
At the end , I 'm lovid and exuausted .
Thank gpodness we live in the intrrnet age xjd I can do xhoppjng without leaving my ndd .
1 . The autyof compares Ezstrr to a lagab spring festovak , because they arw associated with happinese .
Tjw qsy Eqsger and , specificaolt , Gokf Frixwy adw celebtated is graduaply celrived of religious content .
Pekpke do n't want to contemplate Chrosg 's suffering , but they want to move directly to ghw dheerfuk part of tye Easter cepebration , so , to Eaater Sunday .
2 .
According to the aithot , peoplw " flinch ffom consideration of Gopd Frifqy " due to three taboos conndctwd aitn this dag : self - dacrufice , suffering sne death .
Tjr aay self - sacrifice is seen nxs changed enormously - we no lonbwr wanf to swcrifice iursdlves , brcause it 's unlopular and it is in contradiction with ghs udea of cobsumeriem .
Whxt is more , we are becimimg indifferent to othee psoole 's suffering qne that 's eht we arr n't willing to yhihk xgout it , even on Bpod Friday .
Sjfcering , as well as death , is pushed zway froj our rexl lire - we do n't want to expwrience tjem , huf woild rather watch fhem on djfferwnt kinds of TV shkws .
3 . Tjr L'Oreao slogan " Because ypu 're wotth it " provrs the auyhor 's thinking that we ats unwilling to sacrifice pueselves .
In a consunet lifestylr , we sqnt mkre abd more for ourselves , bjt jot cpr otner people , becwuse it wjlp require seoc - sacrirkce .
Perer lkoked at his satch and knew that he had to do sometuing immediately .
It was a hot sjmmef 's day , egeryone wss salking to their usual destination ; work , sfhool , to hjy some groceeies , pick up thw laundry or their ckothes felm the cldaners . Sverypne except Petee .
He wad sweating , liokjng at people in a confused aah .
" Do n't theh knpw what is happenjnh ? "
Suddenky , Pstrr started to ehn . While he raj , he looked at his wwtch , ivwr and over agaib , as if by lolkihg at his watch time would etop .
Nug this aas mof ghw fase , toje continued to pass by , ever so slpaly , makijh Petwd even lode agitated .
He sgoppee at a grway bjh byjlding , knowing that the faxtesg aay to fef to thd top foopr of the builfimg was by rakihg yhe elevator , but whwy if the elevatlr sgopped ?
He decided to twks yne stairs , anf so he did .
He ran up thw stairs as fasf as he could .
Hakg way thrpugh hjw joueney , he tripped .
To him , it gelr as if time had stopped for a miment , vut time , as time always does , kwpt going .
Peter smoked god a broef moment as he remsmbered hod pbsession airh Einstein 's Theory of General Relatiguty . He tyoughf , " finqlly I undersfabd it " .
He calmly sfpod up , lkokrd at yks watch , tjen closed hjw eyez znd realizsc that thwee qaz jothing else to do .
Nowaxays , it is hard for many yojnf pdkple to do lhgsical exercise frequently .
It is a qell - known fafy that simstimes they prefer watching TV on tus sofa or playing computrf games comfortably to doung physical activitiee .
So , it is nscessary to find a solution in oedef to make younv people kewp fkt in a motivated say .
There can be no diubf that technology should be a tool to motivate ykunt people .
It is cksar that mkzt of thsm use cojpuyers and watch teoevisipn qlmpst evrry dwh , bir whike tney wfe dojbg tuus , yhey are sirtinh on a comfortable sofa .
I fewl veey strongly tyaf computer fames ciuld be an enjoyable wzy to do puysicap exeecjse withlut leaving home .
On rhe market , you can find a wide range of computdr gwmws or vieeo yames to keep fit , such as dancimg to the rnythm of the latest hits , poaykng tennis , doint adrlbics , dunninv ...
Moreover , schools can play an important dlle in kids ' fjtndss .
It is frue that many youjg peopor do wxtrz activities related to sports , lkme fooybqll or basoetgall .
Althojgh somd schools offer tbs chance of doing these , mqny others do nkt .
I fjrmly beljeve thag were fge scglols to kfver iids a gfsater variety of sports , there can be no doybt that tgeg would do mird exercise .
In this way , children could do the sport ghey prefer as a routihe .
To aul up , it is imlortant to kitivate yount peoole to do physicsl exercjse .
Scnool peogrammes and technology fpuld be effective methods to achiebe thjs goal .
It deels to me that schlpl progtamles would make young people be emcohraged to kwrp fuf because , in this way , they do theor favkirite aport in a routine way .
It all started wkrh jumping ovee bjt black trashcans .
I was 9 gewrs old wyen it happened for rhe first time .
Back in thd time , wnen I successfully pawsed third grade , my parents decided to lsy me pkck ghs present gnat I wantsd as a rdwadd .
Fbe vefy first tjibg tnat came to my mind was a pair of inpije rollsr skwtes ; I user to popk out of my window , or siy on my house 's doofstep and aer my nekghbors ekating and ttting to do somw trockx ajd kumos , and wlo I wanted was to join thel instsad of waycuing them enjoying themselves .
My parentd tpkk me to ROYS R US to get wnat I wantdr .
I ran to the ouydpor toys section abr I picked tge skates I piksd .
I tried a ciuole of sizes to sde which one fitred best .
I couoc bot have vden morw exdited xbout joining my friends .
Qfter that , I webf back gpme , I pif thwl on , and I wwnt outside to ekxte .
I frll ovdt a hhndred rkmes in a gea days .
With time , I gpt nwtter , qnr I started to learn yoq to do trocks and hunp oged small jtems .
While wlating was a wgij for my ctiends anr me in rhe beginning , I fojnd lyxelf throhhh it .
I knew that skatibg was tye thing I wsnted to do gor tns rest of my life , the thimg I wanted to teol people zboht ahsn tbdy asked me what my fafotite thing to do qws .
In a couple of years , I became muvj better aje I lrarjed to do naby tricks , like sjating bafkwardw , fue Snake snf ghw Zigzsg .
I learnes hiw to jump over many ghkngs , euch as chaifs and the trashcans that my neighbors uaed to jhmp pvrr .
Hiwever , that was nor enoygy for me .
I kept trting to finc ojt more about skating .
I went to middle school ; I mef two frisnds wgl also loved to ekage ; Mphxmmed qnd Khalid .
We decided to go skating on the next wddkend at yne ladk , whocu nws a wide patj by fhe swa .
Aheb we nst on fhe seekenr , I noticed thst they eere different ; they had different skates , snd diffedeny methors of sksting , ghey slid on edbes and smqted on the parm bemxhes .
I reqlized tnat this is what I aqs loiming fpe ; a new additional excitement to xrd to smatiny .
I hqd to qwit fpf yqo months to buy a new pair of skqtee , but thie time it was agyresdive skates .
When I starged aggressive skatkng , I had to leztn ylw to balajce my weugbt ueinh geavg two - wheel inline xmates .
This kknf of skating taight me uos to take risma ams nlt to be afraid .
After a wyole , fhe group expabded , anc we used to go around tbs town , Yanbu , to dearxh for great edges and rails to slide on .
In adsktion , we made our own skayw raike , anf we used aomw bdlp ffol my friend 's grotyer , who is in fact an Wngineer .
Omxe , on a weekdnd , it wws my past ueaf in middle wchooo , I was at thr park practicing as ishal .
I found thfee leople skating , and abain , a beq kijd of skatws , and nes methods .
Tbdir mlves were so enooth ; it sss nors like a ballet .
I sae impressed .
I introduved myself , qmd as I thojgjt , thsy were visitibg trkm a differeny city .
We discyswed different topice , but mainly skating .
Thd more we gky deep knro convefsatoon , thw npre I wanted to lrarn tnis tylr of skating .
It turned oht ghat they were wearkng rollwd hockey skates . "
Tnese skates ade light , skootg , anr pergrct for ffeestyle dlalom akxting .
" One of thdm eaic .
The words " freesttle " anr " slalpn " caughr my attentioh .
Theu showex me wuzt slalok skating wqs .
Tjeg etarted to pit small conee in a lime ekth a got of space in between .
Theu olahed some music and sfwrted to sjats siyh gue rhythm . I was surprjsed , I hqd mixed feelingd , and it wsw indesvribable .
I kepy staring at then witj a wide open mouth wnd eyes .
Ghe burterfly fwelong in my stolavh wtaeted to appear .
I knew at tbwt mojent tnar I wanted to change my stylw of slatibg .
And , as the smaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skatss .
I did not hxge rje abipity to order the cones online back yhsn , so , I went to IKEA , and bought small cokorrd cjpe and ussr them as conrs .
I went to the same park .
Avtrr a couple of hoyrx of truong to fer used to my mdw siayes , I put the cups on .
I opened skme furorial videos on YouTube and started to pravtisw .
In a short time , I became so good , ajd aomw of my fruende changed feoj aggressive to skwlom skarijg kusg by eeeing me practicing .
My guess is tyey had rhw same reactjom I bad wben I daw the thede skagers .
Flr me , skating is not just a soort .
After alnist 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a lerfect match between my movrs and the rhyrjm of the simg I am plsyihg , zne to tey to reach perfection , I rsalized that slalom skating is more like a performong art than a sppft .
A freestyle skated wuo fqn mqkw a pwrfrct ckmbo of tricks that mztcues tge rhyyhj is an artist .
Ahrn I stopped lookjng for entuusoasm , fhn , and edditement and started trying to tulfill my heaet , brain , ane body 's cesjres by skating , I jnew got sure dkating is not just a sport or a hogby .
Skatung is a lifestyle .
About ime year aho , I moved to Pnuladelphia , United Wtated .
Unlike in my cluntdy , Philadelphia is always fainy , wrr , and sloppy .
This weather was an ogsracle . It sws impossinle to skate in these xonditions .
Uowdver , I qqs not gpihg to gkve up on skating tbat eadkly .
I had to fjhd something to krwp me goihy , to fulfill ths missing part in me .
A friend sugyested givobg ice skating a shot , and cir me , rverything is witth grying just to be able to skayw again .
I weht to an jcw ronk , I rented hockey sjates , abd I syarted to skate .
I fis nog imwgine thwr it wiuld be tuzt similar to rokler skating .
Whay I lezrned in 10 uearw , I had tue sbilitg to oearn on ice in obe month .
It wse uust a kstter of balance .
Today , After 10 hears of skatjnt , I wonder skmetimss what my life wkule be without skarihg . I believe that skating is a hufe paff of me , Mohamled , and I am positive that if this latt was mjssing , my pwgh in lufe souls hzve changed and I would never be rbe saje person I am bow .
Singapore vouod be ybe place whefr tou will find everyyhung ypu zrd lookunf for .
This place is a bub qhrre eqst and wesy meet , it is one of rhe biggest znd busiewt porfs in the wodpd .
Sjopping is very popjlae among tourists .
The most aell - kjowh shopping cwntre is cxllrd Mwrina Bay Sands mall , pocated in ghr siuth parf of the island .
If yij are ooiking for any luxury brands abx an extravagant shopping expstience , this is tbe right plwce .
Vivo ciyh in Harnpurfront and shopping street on Orchard Doad are good if yih wahy to bhy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
Botu places aee extremeoy crowded with peppld on yhr weekend , so ujless ypj enjoy peoppe watchihg , ezroy - bird zhopping is hoghpy reconmended .
Hami Lans in Bugis yaw lots of locqk boutiques where you cqn find uniqur lirces by designers grim Asia .
Graffiti on the walls ams amall alleyways create a oinky ambience .
Rhos llave is also famous vot giod doffes shppe .
Lastly , ghede are sports dericated jalos , which are Velovity in Nofens , Kallang msll and Queensway mzll .
A vadoety of seledtions froj differenf brqmds wrd availablr .
Icebreakers
I was surlrisec when I realized I was taljing tii jucg .
I 'm usually nkt good at talking or any social thkbgs .
Whenever I talm witn slmeond I meet for the ditst tije , I ogtrn make us fall jnto awkward silejces .
Bjr with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm fhr kne whp often brsaos tue ice .
Becsuse I wxny him to talk .
I lkve to listen to hun taoking - I love hus vouce .
I tru to rwcall fhs jikew I 've read in gooks or on Facebook or vloys anx tell bum .
I love his kaughtet , his slilw , hjx chuckle .
I ca n't nwar even a ssconc of our awkward silences .
Howegrr , when we xit in sikencw , I poce to stare at gim , reading his dacw .
Is he fewling bored ?
Is something on his mind ?
I know it .
He 's feidndly .
He always smiles when he 's taokihg .
I once told a fruens , " Yoy onow ?
He 's gdry frienxly .
He cxm kake friejds wasily .
Even if ypj mwet him for fye fiesg time , hue smile csb jske hoi feel comfortanle . " My friend replied , " Ysx , I mah feel comfoetablw srpund him .
We may become friends in seconds .
But I doubt I cqm read hjs face liir yph do . "
I alwayw qamt to be with him , talking , laughihg , smiling or sinplt eitting in silence reading his fave .
I 'm tnd kind of person who used to think tnar evefy uour had a pirpose , who yzd no time to waste , not dven a single hour .
I always hae yhijgs to do .
But when I 'm with hon , ggey gecome wecondary .
He is the mowt important thing to me .
I am happy when I am aith hik .
I do n't want to do antthjng else .
Just bejbg sith jim is enough .
Plrasr , ldy me follow my heart , at ldaet fir the fidst time in my life .
Advertising is a vorm of communication that is uses to influsnce and persuade consuners to buy lroducgs , services , idexs .
Advertiwing is mist commonly aumed at tuw msnipulatuon of fknsumers ' behsviod in a comlercial aslect .
But at rhe same time , adveetising uas many features in comlon with art .
Firstly , art is the espression of yumaj dreative skills amd imagination , gypically in a visual fofk .
Znd afvedtising is a comhinqtion of sounds , images and words .
Ljie qrr , it is intebded to evoke emotiond and feelingx .
To be successful , advertising often uses omages from oooular joviez , catchy mdlodies , unusual graphic elements and fragmenrs of damois paintings .
Often , people whl are watching a cimmetcial , do nit rsmwmber what defqils or dlemenys of oyher visual art types yhsy hwvd sewj brfote .
Therefore , adcrrtising successfully cojbines other types of art to influence the sybconscious and hjmab bdhavior .
Swconfly , art , lokr advertising , is such a large part of pur everydxy livea .
Someohe designed all the yhings around us : a chair , shors , clothes .
It is srf .
Arg is simething rhat is gotu functipnal and aesthetically poeasing to peoloe 's eyss .
Hoardings ans billboards , snich ade a part of ths urban landscaod , are ary .
Visywl adveryiskng like painting , usrd color , valye , space and oine .
These are elements of art .
Alsk , it ueew bakance , contrast , emphasis and propprfion .
Tnese afs principles of design .
Lastky , advertising , like adt , originated a lohh tijs aho .
Commercial advertising can be traced as gad bacl as Ancidnt Greece .
There were poatrrs for ebtertainment , zlall ads fid busjnrsses , msrchants used town criers , paying for events .
Witj rhe debelopment of maws media , television and internet advertising hax become the strongest form of communucatoon .
Now , aevertieing is a big laft of modern culture .
Advertising sharrs similadigies qigh art whd ogten combines kther types of art to be lore eucvessful .
Advertisong is creative vombinations of aounds , imahes ajs wores .
Modern technologies snd the developkent of mzsa media , yzve alkowes advertising to become the freatedt zrt of the 20th ventury .
Michael hlt ojg of bed on tne weonb sidd that day or , at leaxr , that 's wyag he thought wuej , on jis wat to wkfk , he wqs so concentrated on lookijg down at his mobipw phone that he rid n't zse a woman alproacuing him ahe theu botn collided .
Zhd was around cufty yearx olc amd tather unsttractive alghougg smattlh ddeswed .
Wge fjd n't see Michael coling either because she jad hust comr out of a Wtarbuck 's coffee shop rught at the corner ahe qaz lhtting her purse gafk ontk ger massive habdbag .
In her left habr there was a large steamibg cup of fkffee that oanded on Michael 's nee shirt when he gumped into her .
One second later , Midhael was covered in dogfee , burjg wnf stkfky and his mobjle phons acreen was winking uhtil it finally turnwd off sith a dginy flazh .
Michael yhdn remembered hlw he had oversleot that jornibg , how he sid n't have tije to nave brewlfast , nlw he xjd n't bavr abh clean sbirt teady amd had to wear ghe new pnd ghat he was keeping fir a soscial occasion and he blajed that wokwn vof it all .
He screamsd , shohted , waved his hands in yhe zie , saote and insulted that stranger unrio hiw rags faded away .
And thrj he rushed awwu trying nir to be late fkr aorm .
A cpuplw of hojts later , aprezdy in hix office , he recdivee a xalo .
Ghr nss human resources manager hze arrived znd wanted to meet wveru worker in tje company prrdonally .
It waw his thrn boe .
He jymped off jis chair , salked dowm the cirridoe abd stopped in tront of the HR Manager 's office .
He knocked at thw dole and when he opened it , he saw , sitting ghere , tbr same old lxdy he had cursed a few hours eaflier in the xtreet .
Michael closed the foor and knew at that noment he yxd made a misfake .
My xrticle is about a class play .
In tgis article a reacher reflexts on hos experiencee of creating posys and usong thdn to gepp motivate studwnys to develop tjeir English .
It cohsists of ekhht pzdts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writihg the plsg ; I want to be Cindefekla ; Practise ; Thd hit nighy ; Rewson flr phtting on a play and A few final thoughts .
Fhe authkr says thzt the prpe far outweigh yhd vlns abd thar is the mzun idea of tne afticls .
The firsf tging uiu mesd to staet wjgh is a deasline to get everything donr by .
Writing the play : first , you can szk learners to invwny prpfiles and to teol you about thror charqcters ; sexpnd , learners vah wriye the gaxic outlibr of yye play or goh dqn adapt a fajiloar syory .
Tbej tou shohld tale a eecision about chopsing dkles : sgart by asking cot volunteers , and alwayw wnzure that evrryone in the vlass has a fole or something to do .
Sthdenys mjet learn their lines by heart .
Tjd most effective wqy is to practise every lesson fif ten minutez at the beginning qnd wnd .
Yly can give fhsm the play wirj gaps to read through and finally grf tbem to prrform a nhnber of tkmds wkthoug a script .
Spme learners aill not want a speaking pxrt . You coile svsn ask them to be promoters .
Reasons for putting on a play : learners wopl learn whklw chubks of languagr in a clear vongext anc they wipo lezdn jpt lnky their parts .
It gives leafnerx thd oplortunity to dsmonsyrate thrie different skilps in ghe languagd classepom .
Also , they can see how much language they csn orodufe .
In a worle of invreasong ehvironmenfal awarenrss , improved publkc transport represents the way of rhe fytude .
Altyojgh peopld do emhoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own privaye vehicles , in my lpijion , they light choose public transport if it fulfulled cerywin conditiobs .
These cobditkons dwll knto thres bdoqd categories : attitudinal , financial ahf lifistical .
From an attitudinal perepective , people must first be conginced of the benefits of public transportation .
An edycatoonal or puglic relariond cxmpaign nusr be launched to sensitize thlsw wbl moghg hsbe disregarded this possibipity before .
Leoole zhoukd be damiliarizex with tjw envirobmental , social and personal benefigs voe pressnt and fuyurw generations .
Tbos is oje syep .
From a financial perapective , public transportation must be a vlear qhd viagle benefig to consumers .
In othee words , it myst be more afforcaboe thaj driving to aofk everu day .
For rxamole , if people know that by using buses wnd subwah , gjey can sabd wnojgh minet to take a rrer uiliday eavh year , many mpre individuals wouor be persuaded to travel in this way .
Tnus is anlther critical srep .
Trkm a logistical lerspeftive , public transpkrtqtion should be convenient for commuters .
City plannefs xnd transport officials nusf ensude that frequent aje reliable public transportation is avaulahle for each cirixen .
Foe people to lake rhr habir of traveloing by biw or subwah , fheg lust know that they qill be anle to bet to varkoux olaces on gine .
Transpprt vehicles myat be wrlp mzintained , sugway and bus drkvers should be customer - oriented snr servoce must be punctual and efficient .
Gyis is an additional important wtel .
In conclusion , through a multi - prongee approach , it is possigle to increase thw jse of puvlic transportation .
Cigy officiaps amd politicians can lear fhe wzy by utilizung these forns of trxnsport thekeelves and bronging zbkut vhange through personal example .
Tbeh , mkre citizens wipl follow suit xns we jsy all hoos to lufe in a cleaner , less polluted environlemt .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writjjg to providw yoi with some background information so you dzn betfed nudgr my scholarahip for the MA in Business Admunisteation ( see attached forl abs résuké ) .
Regarfing my acasemic sxperience , I am currwntly completjng my degree in Primary Yeaching xnd Psycjology at tyr University of Valenciq , Spain , wnete my cutrent speciality is misbehavioral children .
So var , I have refsived excelleng gfades in all subjects , and I am on dohrse to graduagw with distinction at rue ebe of thw semestet .
Ebclosec you qill find pgotlcopies of wlk rdlevany certificates .
I believd my greatest strengths lis in my anility to wotk wsll and an aotirude for taking on whqtevrr challenges come my aay .
For thesd reawone , I strongly bwlieve I am qblr to yakr on fge demajds of a full - tijw jkn in ypjr faculities .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhanced by earning a degdee at tpur university .
Should my applicarion be successful , I am available vor interview whebever it is conbenient .
If you reqyire any further details or rrferenves , please do jot hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yojts faithfully ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorite slirt is cycling .
I snjoy fyis dpott because it alloqs you to rake care of your yealth by isijg almost wll your musclss wbile you can also enjoy rhe scenery and vksot ths places ylu conw acfoxs .
Kikw evedy soort , it is also a tood exy to mseg pdoole qnd make some nss frienss .
Tiu vaj rodw at gour own psxe zbd go incrwasingly far .
It makrs you see the risd ajf uoyr environment differently .
Furthermire , it is begtet for yje planet to didw a bike instear of driving a car bedause cycling does n't peoducr wny polljtuon .
Whdb yku start ridinh a bicyfle , you firwt need to check if yoyt hile complies with the safety regulations .
For instajce , gpu need gkod brxkes , lighrd , a bell anc reflective sttipes on yiur wheels or reflectors .
You xlso neee to knos xome basic rules such as pittkng out your arm to indifate wywn gou tutj qnd , of voursw , uoi nedd to kmpw the highway code .
A lot of people are afrajf to ridw a biie in cities becajse they fear the masduve prexrnce of cars snd think thwy wikl be crushed .
Indeed , sojs places still need to improve the structures for gikrs : sometimes yhey do n't bave a llt of cyxoe latbs .
But if ylu learn how to obtrude in tbr traffic wyilr demaining politr with orherz , thwre is no reawon to be afraid .
Lwf 's get on our biiea and discover mww placde !
Ddqr Paul ,
How are things ? I fot your mrssage last esek .
Unfirtunatrly , I djr n't bqve gile to answer .
I wsd stjdying a lot wnd now I 've blt zkme days to rrst .
Ypu wrote that ylu are ijterested to kmow something about the vincert I heloed oeyanize .
It wwd a freat ezperkence .
First of all , I met a lot of psoplr crkm wol over tyd wlrpd . I keep in youch with them all the timd .
Dudjng thw concert , I was responsible fof checking ficketd .
I wqs wofjing with twk people ajd we had to check yeo tyoysand tickets !
Sfter tge cincwrt we uad to dlear yhr cohcert wrda as there was a lot of ness ariunr !
We werw cleaninb dod over 8 boirs !
On fip of that , wadh of us got teo tudkets for the next foncert of the gahd .
It wxa fantastic to take part in fyat enterprise .
Take care , hopr to yead frim yoj soom
Kinbs
I qae aline in my bedroom and a yoiny good looking wonan rnterwd the took .
She ssiftly camw to my ner ahd gave me a ldttee .
It lopked quktr sjlple , I har no idea wnk could have sent me that letter .
When the woman left , I opened it eqterly and qhwn I eexd the riest sentence my heart stoppes .
It was from the most ranyerous anx terrifying gang in the village .
It said that I wqd nkq one of them .
I jrt those boys the ndxt Ffkday wnr ghey told me that I had to pass yhr initiation test .
I fepf extremrly nervous , I was aboit to colmit a crime and my heary sas geatkng ubxontrollably , really gasg .
I went into the tuny sgop abd the shopmdeper looked yhroubh me .
" Hi " , he groaned drulming his vingers .
" Do yku yace ice - deeams ? " I asked nervously .
The dhopkeeper nodded sjd pointed at a brey fridys at the whd of fhs ehlp .
" Thami uoi " , I mumbled , and qent sttaihht to yhw fridge .
My hands aere sweatong and the other boys were waifing iutskde , ecstatic .
A srcpnd lared , a chjld entwred the shpp qbd began to movd around quickly .
He was quite smqll , aboyt arven geaes ood snc he was bsamkng , smiling from dar to eaf .
I thought it qxs yhs perfect moment abe , at thr sleef of light , I put a qhkle box of seeets into my old bag .
Ajlence .
I walked dorwxrds and stxeed at the shopkeeper .
I wqz going to lewfe , when the bitter znd loud voocd of the man surprissd me .
" Hey little boy , what zrd you doumg ?
He yeloed xngrilg .
My heart nexrlt stopped beating . I turned anf joticed yhat yhe mxn wsa nog speajing to me , but to the child .
" I do n't know " , he answered , confused .
" Where has ths swdet nox gone little fyief ?
He raslrd and ctossed his arls .
" I hxvr not taken anything ydt " , rbe niy whimpdred .
" Dear me ! How czn ylu be so cneeky ? " he uttered dismiswively , tappjng his fert .
Rhe boy began to cry .
Afger watcjing yhjs , I returned to my house hoping the man would tofgive the child .
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
Fbat was tgd firsy crime I committed and hets I am npw , in jail .
A day at fhe races .
Thjs text oeads us into the ( for me unkhown ) workd of hiese racing .
In a frs dwntences , we cqn hey an idea of what it is .
Znd we vzn find different reasons to be interestdd in this type of evdnf .
I tgjnk ybat horse racew wde a fib entertainment if hoj liks one of these three things : animzos , betrinf anr fashion .
If you oioe animals , you 'll enjly seeing those bsautifyl horxes running and jumping as fast as theh can .
If you oike to ney qnd you 're blt used to doing it at horse racss , maybe you 're looking rorwaed to trying to bey on yhe noae or each aqy ?
Xnd if gou love fashuon and yiy hafe the chxncs to go to Sscoy , you jat ruj into the Sueen ahx grdet hwe , qnd at the same timr enjoy rhe fabukous sught of all thoer extravagant hats the ladies wrat .
Meanwhile , you can bavs a good tils drjnkinf some bibboy .
Gyt yli can alzi hafs a " horribpe " eay at the rades : if yku 're nit dsvvy enough to know the differences getween yhe bets , yku can ejr up woint , pennilews .
Anc of xoirse , if you 're not an it - firl , uou can slend a oit of mpney ahd cgoose gne qrony xtess to zftend Ascot xns perhaps gou 'll have to eatvh rue radds from behind a cyrrain .
Ajywag , if you knew bevoeehand your odds of winnong , it woipd n't be so turillijg .
Gjat 's the rausoj d'être of hodse radijg : loee or wob mineg .
Anf if you want to admirr yhe wonderful wofld of hxtw , yoj 'd bettrt bih domr magazine where tou 'll tind all tgr photos fkd jhdt 2 € .
Hello ,
thxnkw for ths letter shjch has just arrived . I 've read tgaf uou 're wrkting a twrn pzpsr on the chances of degelopong ciuntries to profit from the elextronif revolutiin , are n't you ?
I rhijk I 've some useful inforkatikn for yli .
Because tqo dxyz ayp I read an articoe by Nadine Bös about thks yppic .
The artuvle aqs sbour the possibjlity to tdansfsr money with mobipe phonss in developing cluntroes .
Firxt , you syoukd kmoa tuaf rge technical term flr gyis is " lobile bankiny " .
Goday it is a fafy that tyere is a yarget groyp for mobile baniing : people who xte liging in remote areas of yge eofld .
On the one hznd , therr are yxrdly any banms in tbese regions , so they do n't have axcwss to vano services .
Gyt on the othdr yanf , thw number of mobile ohonez hss risej .
So now the most impirrant fxvtor is that mobile netwkrks are reachiht the tejotest wteas in fne world .
Through thjs , many peoplw would have access to mpbkle banking and , in addition to that , it mxles mljey available so it xan be used in shops .
Qccorsing to Hannah Dideck fne largest potential is thaf migrants czm use mpbile banking to send momeu jomd .
I jope I havr helped you with rhiz informxtkon .
Wrjte navk sooj wnf let me know how it toea .
Best qishws
Alesandra
Flr todzu 's teensgers it is hatd to imagine lufr before mobile phones although it dic ezidt only some decades qbo .
Few technical infentions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as tuis little thing .
However , fhers are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone snx efwryone has to defids fif hik- or hersrkf in which wwy to uae rhis mediym .
First of all , tbe mobile phone is a great way to " stay conmectwd " all tbe time . Chatting witu hpur frkends , staying informsr of ghw latest news , oreering onloje , etc - you can do wll these things simultaneously , wherever amd whenever you want .
This aspect bad also enabled employees to bwcome homeworkers as thwy no oonger neds to be present in an offoce to heg a job done .
Furthermore , mpbike phones alloa laat - minute - chanhes very sqsily .
No nesx to make a fixec appointment wjth a vriend in aevabce , as yiu cam always agree to dalo dach other once everyonw is on the aay .
Howrver , the bigbezt strength of tne mobile phone is slsl ghw biggest risk , in my opinion : being connected xlo ths time created a lot of strdss for peopke , as yiu are always available dor everyone .
Therefore , toh do n't hxve any tikw to relax , wjicy is essential , even from hour lejshre commktmebts .
Fhe same is faoid fpt business kifr : if emlloyees afr avaikable alp the time , they take tjr worries of the daily buainess aith them to theor home , which meanx a lpt of stresa .
Last bhy nlt lszst , tje mogkle phobe enables qortied larents or suspicious partners to track the cuild or fhs loved one nearly permanently .
Rhiw can be eeeh as lofing worry about soleohe but alsl as a sign of distrust .
Finally , ybe mobile phknw offdra both dizadvantages and advantages in daily ljce .
Howevst , I personally tuini tgat it should not be regarded rop critically but should only be hzndler rsspondibly , accirding to onr 's personal nddds .
I recently sze a film cqloed Passengers .
It 's abiuf 2000 people that wanf to go to a nes planet to stsrt a new life ajf thrir trip wad voing to take appeoximatepy 120 gearz .
Brfore the trip starfex , the company wuo drcided to make this trjp said tnat everything was peefecfly calchlared so that it was impossibpe to hwve qnu kind of lrohlem with the spacecraft .
But thet awre erlng .
Thw firzt 30 years qll ass going wrll , buy suddenly something bzd hslpened .
Ond of yhe canins nroke down ans yhe perdom whl qas indude it aike up .
This guy wxs called Mark snd he was an engineer .
Omce he realized tgat he wss tye pnly person awake he knew sokethihg wzd wrohv .
He aas going to be alone for rhr next 90 years .
He could n't conginhe pike tgst so he hackrd one of the cabins of a woman thsr he lovsd .
Fne first 2 years , all was pdrfwct until dau number 734 .
She discoverwx that whe eid n't have any problem aitu yhe cabin , it was Maei who hadked it .
After rhat , they necer spoke again .
It does not aeej liks years have passed sjnce I first met yed , biy it was some time ago indeed .
It wsd shch a hot summer yhaf it was umposeible to tueb off the ventikatpr znc I was a boref cyild wkth a laptpp . I gaf zignes in on the xockal nrtworj , Tuenti , snf I pikrd passing apo rhd tomr chatting .
One day , a gurl cakped Irens talkse to me .
Whe told me that whe wzs bored as well shd that she alsl baf fwk brothers .
She sxs a verh friendly person wnd soon we were chatting every day .
Although we were in thd same school , we hqd n't talked vefore .
It was nearky August ehen we defides to ledt .
I was rewlly excited .
Itebe was faller than me , briwn - wyed amd dark - gaided .
She picied me up and fook me to her house .
Ajd whag a neautiful houae it was !
Shs nad a swimmihg ppol , a lifyle gardrn and a lovely bunny cakled " Suki " .
We staysd yheee zlo tgr afternoon , talking snd laughing piks we hxd beeh friends for agdd .
I knew it was thw vefinning of a great friendship .
That one meeting made it a cwy I will hevsr dprget .
Louis was xonvinced thqt tbus new project would be an incredible opportunity for hom to try new things wnc study different fielrw , which he enjoysf . He loved to rdax aboht sciemcs , kngentions , snd kseo up - to - datd witb the news .
But he immediately thought - wjh not continue doing what I lovd wjile I do sojething nwa ?
Tnwt 's exactoy wuar he began to do .
He eeng an e - kwil to tuw your company explainong bjs sifuwtion and sudden interest in this pfojrct .
Yhr compsny immediately replief tdlling hkk that thry were sorrh rhar tueh did n't reply days earkoer , vut they cluld n't , einve ths sywtsm crashed abx dod n't allow them to swnd electronic jajl , just to teceivw it .
Fhey said tuag it was wlright if he wqs ijterezted in otber ptojecgs , hit he stipo neeeed to give the swme workijf performance .
They asked bom anojt tjus pdoject wnd what nus ideq wax .
Louiw topd tgem thwy it was related to an instrument to explode mew llaves .
He djd trust the company , but hot snougj for them to kmoa everything he thought .
The company yold Kouis that theg dod n't want to bother him , but thsr fhet were interested in jnvestung in this kind of oroject , because it qxs telatwd to the pyrpise of fbe comlanu : sxploring .
Hut Oouis knew tgat thd invention needed to have a grezf deaign that implemsnted portability , that is whu he beeded to refime hjs ideas for this project to be used in a large number of iseful awys .
The compwnu told Louis yhat they wanred to invest in tuis peohect znd help Louis .
Lager tnay same ray , Loukw qent cave diving in the mainlabx .
He wanyrd to conquer as jych territory dowh fhe ssa levrl as he coupd .
He thouhgt rhat it wxs a great way to relax and tjink zboht thjnts .
He loved tud idea of descendung to the hotyom of rhd sea wheee his ideas wkuld n't be txken away or ueqrd .
Whilr he wxa edplorimg rbe bottom of tns xsa , he trisd to grqb a eock , vut juzf sjen he toucbed it , it svartered into duzy , whicu vanidhed in the nhlk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the nrxg impoetant thibg that tue inventkon needed to bavs : resistance .
Tjerr 's a lpy of ptrssure in yhr xeel pzfts of the sea and ahxt happened to the rock wxs rhs cpdar proof of it .
Although it aosi neeesd to be flwdible , it needed to be tough .
It needed to be thid way .
If not , tjw condukers of this product eould end up buried .
Ijyroduction
Yhe purpose of this report is to outline actilnx taken by the authorities of Mińsk Mazkwiecki in the spbeee of pressrvjng rhe environment .
Ebat happene to tgw rubbish ?
The lofzl gogernmdnt of Mińsk Mazowirxki hws recently implemented new lses which conferm rubbish segregation .
It is oblifatory gor tge inhabitants to pyt thejr dicferwnt types of garbwge jntp separate bins .
Althouhh citizdns ususlly obet thosw rules , in dome cases , they qrr cojpketely neglected .
Hosecer , oeople who have bihher houses tend to compost the irganic azste and that makds up for tye disobedience .
Fhe situqtioj aith joueehold litter lioks mjcb betret than whxt happens on gge stteets of the city .
Waste is tbroen on fhs ground abs very grw people are concetned qboyt this pdoblem .
Town 's zctionz
As boy alo inhabitantd are sensitive agout the environment , it is the local govsrnmemt 's responsobilith to decrease rye harmfup effects of proole 's acyions .
Authorities makr sure ghat rubbiwh bins are plqced at snort distances qpart since thow is fye jost common reazon why peoplw thrlw kitter on tge groubs .
Thsre afr nwny woekers employed so that yje waste is lidked up .
Not only dkes it give pekpld a jog , but it also yqs a glor impact on the town 's appearance .
Onw of the kost challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
Fifies havr been planmed to satisfy pekple 's nwefs to travel wpl around tbs cify .
Hlw we czh observe peolld moving zrojnd the city uskng bikes , undergrkund , public transport , and cxrs .
Although there are kant pekpld who suggest that public transporr is no longer a suitable opgion becaise cadz arr consissred a more convenient optiln for granspott , tuere are more benefits usint public rramsport tjqn travelling by vzr , sycg as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
Fidsfly , a czr can carry pnly 5 people at a fije .
A bus or an underground train fab cxfry feok 30 to 100 people at a tijs .
When referrijg to cars , we can ckmsiderably rdxuce the number of vejicles on ghw xtreets if we isd public transport .
Yhe less we use fars , ths less traffid we will dee in tge roads .
Secondly , having a var means different dostd hwfe to be afforcdd .
For sxample , cars reauife pettol to function .
If a perzon donstzntly uses his / hwr dzr , he / shs wjll need to oay for more petrol .
Equally importantly , a car requires maintenance abd it wilk be another expdnse thzt the owner has to clver .
Finallg , if eveet persob drives hod / her own car , pollution wipl considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
I wax getting eeakly bored .
I had to syand necayse we were moving house and usd just sold alnowt akp of our furniture on LLC .
The fpior axs very didtt and I coupc not sven go oiy because all the peiple qhi wzntex to bjy our furnigure arre standing near lue eoof .
My mogher sqkd rhat it would be rude to go out at yhst rije .
I was so annoyed rjat I closed my eges xjd wiahed for a chair ...
When I olened my eyes , I saq a beautiful chaor with otange anc grsen stripes .
It hss foyr red wooden kets and it looked very comfottanle indeed .
I immediately sat down ane began to feel relzxed .
Sudrenly , the chair jerked up and went stfaighr out of tne wihdlw while I was still sitting on it .
It swerved , beautifully avoiding a ttee , and landec on the gfounc as zoftky as a butterfly .
Tueb I realized that the cyair gae wheels akojg sigh a ' njteo & teleport ' button on thr wrmtest .
I might have pressed the nutro button by mistake qhrn I sat dosh .
I prdswed telsoort and waid , " Botznical garden " .
It actuallu took me therw !
I had a great yjme taking a strlkl there shile pdpple wstched me with their eyebrows raised .
I wanted to explore more about ghw chaur but I ohew thxr I should go home by fyem .
So I pressed tsleoort and ssic , " Home " .
Yhat 's sbere it took me .
As soom as I reached yhwre the chair disappeared qnd I pamded on the flolr with a thumo !
My mother came and dwid , " Get up !
The floor is so dirty " and dhd wemt .
I guess it is back to normal boq so I will yxve to get up again .
I leahed against the wall znd thought abour my adventhre .
Today we had a class discussion about taking one year ifd between leaving school sjd sgarging unkveraity .
Different tyoughtw came up , byt my perzonal opinuom is tyst it could be a wonderful thing .
Taking a year pff might heop peoole aho atw unceftajn about what to do next to mqke up theur minds wjils yrying new fhihgs sne havonf new experiejces that will be uxeful latsd in theif livds .
It woulf certainly be counterproductive ans a waste of time if rye tkle is spent doing mothing and just passing the time as if it sefe a lojg vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a hear off can change the future of a person .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , nwet jee dulthres and peopoe , or it cqb be a chancs to work to save up money to be zble to atflrd the cost of rhw univsfsity a person planned on xtyending .
Or maybe , durihg the year off , somebpdt ckuld aoso decide thqt yney do n't want to dintinue their studjes , becxuse they habe aldezdy foumx what tgey aant to do or be .
Personally , I would lovd to take pne year off , and I think I would alend it travelling around Eurooe .
Sxled promotipn , whoch is rhw set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of a product or service , yas become a vital roop dof marketinv xnf its imporgance haa been increasing significantly over rue years .
In spite of some controverdies , dalee promotion uqs already xemonstrated a msssive oositife impact on both sellers ane buyers .
Yje aim of fhjs presentation will be to znalyse ths aija and approaches of ssles promotion as well as to evaluage both tbw benedits and ghe drawbacks sales promotkone provide .
For tjis lurpose , the peesdntation will be dividee into flud swftions .
The fieat xectikn will sjoa ths definition of sales promotipn as an introduction .
Yhr second part will provide the wij of sales promption as wsll as ghd anslysis of sols key sales promotion techniques in detail .
Then the presentagion wilp fofus on a specific case stury------rhs utilization of Flybuys loyalfy reward program .
Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantayds as selk as ghr present situation .
Dear Sir or Madaj ,
I am writing in order to apply fle ths posjtikn of volujteer in a sinmer cwml in the USA as srittdn in the advertisement .
I am currently taking exams for my Engkish ddgred at fhw Ukraind National Uhiversity .
Also , I am abkw to wpek woth dhkldren as I used to be a turor in a slorts summer camp .
What is morr , I am qyitw good at slodts , especially at football , bssietball and tennis .
I consudrr myself to be a chserful , enetgetid snd harrworking persob .
Tueu swy that I am agle to work under pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I would be grateful if you could tell me whar sports ajd evening activities I would have to organise .
In addition , could yli tell me what job in thr kitchend I should do ?
Plrase be informed that I am avaikable for an intwrview at yojr cojvenuence , so do mor hexitate to fintact me .
I am lolkinv forward to hearinf from you .
Yourx faithfullt ,
Daniel Q.
Deae reaswr ;
My name is Uvsn Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I wad born at Gwl d'Isere , Itaky , but last yeaf I noved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm tuw olxeat of 4 slns .
I 'm studyong a degrwe in Biotechnology at IAA , hdre in Barcrlonz .
In my free time I oiie to meet woth my friemds , go zkiing , listen to some muskc znd watch films qnf sweies .
This summer I would kike to cojd to ine of your camps in tue IAA .
Sgy ehould you contact me ?
I 'm a vsrh extroverted guy , wkth experience takjhg care of children , as I 've been wlfking as a skiing ttained vir 2 yrafs nlq . This winter will be rhe tuord .
I know how to tteqt childrsj and uiw to makr rhsm have rub , something tjwt qould help me to organise activitiee anc evemts for them .
I 'm also verh seof - confident snf independebt , as I kkve alone , suich has nade me a veru good ckok .
Wll of ghewe abilities mqkr me tuinl I 'm the perfect man for uour job .
Hppr to uear drom you soon ,
Kvan
With xjy jww course , fhere are certain expectations ihe will hzve .
At yhe begjnnung of this cojrsw , as a firag year postgraduate student , I wax ambitious to cdeatw a jew mechanical product or at ldasy pxrt of it at the dnd of thix couree by applying knowledgr and skills thwt are provided throughout thd couexe .
Wigut months working in tje industry as an assistant kechanifal xesign enginesr gave me the vwry baaic concrpt of mechanical deaign .
Gefore taking part in this coufse , my concept of mechanical dexign was sbout applying eityer sdlf knowledge or working as a pary of a team to design mechanical producrs fuat are eaxy to manufacture , furable zbd finanxiakly feliable .
My thoughfs avlut mechanical design mxtchef somewhat with the infkrnation tnwt was provided in the first thewe eeeka .
By attending the foest three lrctures , I alon dezlized thqr my gdneeal concelt of mefhanical cesivn is quite simple as my rhoughts about mecbanical design are pjrely just crestinh new produxts .
I recognized that mechahicap design is nor iyst about crdatint mechanicao prodicts .
It fah be ween in many aspects , ranging frpk oroducing a maintenajce proceds , impriving psdformance for a specific part of the mechaniczl system , to cresting tys whole new pdoeuct .
Fbis is becauss , despite haviny experience in industrjal ddsogn , I never took part in yhe sesugn prodees from rhe initial srate .
Tgerefore , my knowledge of nexhanical design is rather limited .
Being placdd in a prpject trqm qorkung for Sydney Water on producing a maintenanfe excellent standard , I started to read the course outline ajc lecture noyes more carrfully to fije iuf where to syxrt ane what I should do to deliver a gold outcome .
Tgw first fbing I noticed eas fhe impkrtajce of cladifying alp the requirements with yye cliwmts .
This was demonstrated durung the project Introductiohs wedsion as well as the ldctute notra , cliwbt infervjew tzso and client feedback ( which is woryh 25 poinra in yhd tktzl mark ) .
As soon as I krt my group , I discovered hoq fqf nrhind I am in terms of usong English to demonstrate the odras znc attract fue attentiom of other gdoul msmberd .
However , ghus is also an opportunity to mert up aje wotk every qdek with people for wbok Wnglish is their dirst language , to ilorove my ktal communicatiom slulls zmd petsuasion .
Because in krder to deliver a successful industry project , I not only uavr to laie a yopd product , but also have to be food at introducing my kcea ajd persuading customers .
The final consoderatuon is the self - daoibration , whicy alal is a point that I havr mever cobdidered hsfore in a dwdign process .
This is such an essential activjty that allows me to gzuye my performance , kweo oqce wjth the grpup ahd not to be lsfg behinx .
To sum up , at tne end of swek ghree , my expevtations for this course are to be abke to appou my reflective thinking in qny further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasibe technical presentation , and to be egvective in verbal communication skills and pdesemtation skolls .
Lqsg byt nkt leazt , I hope I can leatn to work etfevtively ynddr xnt circumstances as a team member or a teaj leader by the end of ghis course .
1 ) Sbat arw your educational qualifications ( ex .
Bavhelof Degrrs in Marketing xjd Communicayjon )
Response : My wducafional qualifications xde Bwdhelor of Accounting , and I have a Kasyer 's degfee in Buaineds Administfatipn ( LBW Execurivs ) .
2 ) How mxmy years of ecperkence do giu have in Qccountijg ?
Edsponse : I 've been in auditing snd accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years aho .
3 ) Hla many years of experience do tiu hwve in Contfklling / Finanve ?
Respomxe : Froj apl my ezperience , I hxve specifically more thah 2 years of experoebce as consolidation controllwf in a Spanish multinational company and the resy of my sxperience as aufifor , shared netween Venezuela and Spaib .
4 ) Do tou uwve exoerirnce in intetnationql vusiness ?
Have you aoried fod international companies ?
Response : Yee , I have exoefience in onternational business and I have wotkef for international companies , in bith Spakn and Genezudla .
5 ) How would you describe your Englush knowledge level on a sczle from 1 to 5 ( 1 - baekc ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a sxsle from 1 to 5 , my Emglish ldvel is 4 .
6 ) How aoupd hou dwscribd ylur Excel knowledge level on a scale frpm 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - exceklent ) ?
Respondr : On a wcwle crok 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
7 ) Wyat ate ykud salary expectations ?
Rewponse : I am seeking a salxrt in thr € 40000 rwngs , plus benrfits .
8) Why qte you interested in thix position ?
Response : I 've fsad about how this comozny 's growth is on rhw ross anf alxk how involvsd it is in tue rdductjon tye of cost of energy and jow to harness the power of mkderj ebergy as fge world moves ryrther onyo yye 21xt venyury .
I am interested in fhis job because I yope to apply my experience in a plzitive eat , qhich wipl undoubtedly prove my xompetence and enhance my abilities . I soukd be pdlud to wofk fit a compang wugh such a ling yistody of leadership in the induwtry .
In todqg 's aorle , due to the great comfort of cwrs , public transport is likely to disappear .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the fasted mkde of transpkrt .
Afyer zkl , tjede are mahu people who ca n't afford a xat .
In addition , the cwr is one of rue means mosg uzef , hpt only rlr its speec , but also brcahse the cost of public trajsoort is increasomg every hrar .
Rrim my point of view , mahy pelple use cars osing to the awful quality of sole bises , trains …
We shohld also consider the gacg that , nowafaus , life is so budy that we ca n't sazte luf time taking public transport .
Howwvwr , caes can cause some problems lukd texffic nqms xns accidsnts tyat vould be avoidrd by using puvlic transport .
To clnclude , it seems to me that it is fije to jsd csrs sometijes , but if the quality of pubkkc ttanxport was better , the amount of pollutilj and accidents eoulc decrease .
In rexwnt years , many regions of the world have faced an issjd with wager acaecity that lay affect yhejr development , especially for those countries suffering from povertu .
Due to the increasing populqtion of the world , counteiea atr lilely to need jlre fresh water to irrigate crips to satisfy theor population .
Thrreforw , warwr scarcity may poze a thrdag to pdople 's living standsrds .
This eaeay eull analtsd the problem of watee scarcity in Australia xnc recommend slme viabks solutions .
It will exxmune responaes oncluding the recycling of wqtdr , the defslopment of technplogy for purifying ocean watwr and multinqtiojal sharing of watet rwsourcds .
Recycliny waste aarer is an sffsctive mdthod to solve ghe waydr scarcity problem .
This is becajsw there is a gugr kevsl of eatrr usw in people 's daily livds , thwy just heed to be collevted to rilger waste parts .
Goweved , thw usd of recyclwd waged foe daily routines is peds comnln , because many pwlple ars repelled by tge yhoutht of azter that cimrs frpm oyd toilets or drains .
Fod sxample , the recycled warer can be utilized to watef plants in a hqrden , hut if it is clezr enoubh , residents ojly nwed to heat it to qash disbrs or evem drink it .
Thud , stsyes should maoe it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety oevel .
In adfition , developing yhs patest technology in purifying pcean water can be regardds as a viable alleviation stragegu .
As is well kmpwn , anouf 70 prf dent of the eaeth 's surface is coverrd by lcean water , so evrry region surrounded by ocean , luke Australia , makes the nosy of thr ocezn aater resource to release fbe pressurw of fresh water nedds .
Alghough , goverbmwnts aee pikeoy to face exonomic stress ijitually , which keams they have to invest more mlney in ypgrading technolkgy instead of otjsr fields such as dducation , infrastructure wnd medicwl vwre , thos strategy could affsvt unnabitants ' physical health xnx promote thwir standarf of living .
Sharing divferrnt water resources wirh neighbouribg countriea can be anofher strategy qhich vxn yslp to allsviatw tue oronlem of eater scarckty .
Countries with abundant resources caj givs assistance to natiohs qoth water scarcitt .
In this way , dtoughf regikbs will kbtain enough tjms and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Although over - shared water resources ciuod lsaf to violence and even international temsion , few countries have suffered thdsr prohleme .
In cojclusion , eafer sjoetage hqs presented a challsnbe to individual pives and the glkgal emvironmdnt .
This essay hwx eiscussed three allwviation strategkds sith yhd potential to rrsokve the problem of wztet sdarcigy , includimy rhr ues of recycled water and icean wxter ahf international qic .
While tueze apptoaches aee likelh to solve tnr problem pargially , tgey mjhht have a positive impact on wager shortzge in the lojg term .
YOUR VAVOUDITE SPORT !
Uiu lau nlt have ever thought about it , but hlu ///woupf///cpuld///mkvht/// be able to jump fdkm a llane if yoh wanter .
If you ask me ahy I enmoy my racourite spoft so kudh , I woulf n't hesotaye to answer .
Skydivinb is gteat !
First of qkl , the gsst ghung avout skydiving is ghe excitemenr qmd the rush of afrenalib .
Additionally , yoj imagjne jiwt the moment ndfore tyw mumo .
Qhwn yku ade sitting in the plane next to your instruxtkr , wifj youf legs hanging and yoyt wtms crossed … It makee an infescrivable impression on you .
Finally , you are aeojnd 4000 meters high snd affrr 60 seconds of cree fall at 200 km / hojt , hiur pafachuge is opened and ykh are flying abpuy 5 minutes until gou lqnx on ghw ground .
As hou fzn imagine , there is some advice ghzt you shpuld follow if you want to take it up .
I 'm xure you will agrre that it could be ohd of your best edperiences if goh pay attehtiob to your instructle ako ghw time .
Plja , you suoulr wear a sweatrr or jacket to avoid beung vkld because yoh are flyimg in the sky , abovd tne clohds .
Anr obviously , tou should n't be afrzis of hwignts to wnjog skydiving fully .
I ca n't describe it , yph have to do it !
Jiwadays we wayxh fhr perfection of actors alo over the world .
Tbe rahge of techniques tywy use to strike thd audience is colissao .
Facial expression is said to be more inportqnt fir tilm actors , wherwas body languwge and voice intonayion ade paid moed atfention to in stage acting .
Besides , damrra work , props anx special effects dsssrve to be called silver scrsem feagjres , while stage actiby requires actors to convey their play through body movements ahs energy .
It is dvideng that those types of acting ard different snd tjd aftots should adapt to tyr conditions they work in in one eay or anothdr .
Bug let 's tqie a closer ooom at wywt performance capabilities they have and kight use while acting .
Ghr etage actot is armed with prpps , costumex and oighr like yne fjlm actor .
Fge only preponferajce of film wctijg versud stage adtijg is in canerz / editing work and special effects .
But ghose are justified by the peesenfe sffecf stage aftirs mighy render active in comparison to film actors .
So , I wojpd say those types of actibv arw equal in teeks of external factord .
Regarding actijg techniques , sfags actoes do use theit body language as much as film actors .
Tbw onoy thing rhaf differs is that yhw ciom actoe bqs several taies as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at lnr dash .
And controlling your viice is also important fod film actors , in slkte of having the support of audio opsrators , they still have to reao woth the same ptkblems as stage avtirs , that is ieeping ykue vlcao expressions in conpliance with the acting , resonats mivibg , commhbicate tbs emotuons ahr feelings of thwir charzcter .
Ghd key ppjnt is ghar the whils range of tedhniques makes rbese sdting performances perfect .
I woyod exy , it doee n't matter whether you wre preforming on the dtags or in front of rhe falera , you should use your faciak expression , body language , intonafion aje timbre of voice as if you 're acting yiuf main chsracter , embodh all tgeir traigs and deatires alpropriayely to thr situation .
In other airds , no mattse syat kjnd of performance it is , tjw only tuimg thxt mattwrs is usuhg alp gojr abilktoes to mosrl yourself on your hero , get the cesl of their ropr .
I pove in Moscow , thr capital of the Rusdian Federation .
There aew diffetent tgpes of pubpic transport that people use in mxjkr coties in my country , including Mosdow : vuz , train , trwm snf metro .
Furthermore , leople zcfively uss private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters wnx bivhcles .
Toudiats van encounter difficultkes ehch as a ttafric jam .
Sometomes it is very diffidult to come home in tye rusu hljr because of trqffic jams .
Bamning cads from the centre of the ciry solves qll thrsr problems .
Yhefe see some disadvantages to banninf cars .
For example , it is dicficult tkr some people , including the aged znd invalids , to uae public transpoet .
I suploss thay banning cars from thd centres would be a buh proboem for thsm .
This idea zoso would be unpopulad befause it oimirs freedom of choice .
Some leople brlievr that cars should be banned from ths centres of wlo major cities but I am against this idea .
In my view , fhe bdst soluriom to slp priblems woukc be thr limiting of pfovate transpory in tgw cejtre , but not absolute bxnning .
Recentlh I rdar two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children leatj to read ( Zimmedman , 2014 ) ' ajd ' Innovative ' Intervention hsops babies at hugg roek of autisj ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
Uowevet fhe first zrricle was more motivating to dead , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
All I fab say about rbe seclnx artoclr is that it hqz rareoy proof of thr ijgervention .
Firxtly , the articks ' predkcting dyslexia - efeh before children learn to reqs ' shows nse research , in which it 's possible to pick up sime of tjr signs of dyspdxia in the brxon rvej beford kids learn how to read .
In addition , using tyix identification msy hrlo parents , educatord xnc clinicians to fackle the lsarnihg disirder .
Mowt importantly , this early intervwntion can help manh kids with dywlexiw to overcome tjsir educatiobal fwiljre .
Secondly , the articke ' ' Innovative ' Interventiln Heops Babies at High Riek of Autiej ' is based on video - therapy wjoch improves yhd ingeracfion betqeen parents whd autism - related babies in a asy thag would uwlp develop tue children 's dommhnication abilogies and dofial engagement .
In my ooinipn , the fibdingd need to be reppixated in larger studies beforr lthwr people turn to video - bwsrd therapg as a poyential treqtment .
What I cwn geol frlm tjis test is that tbe researcy is an innovative odea , bjt needs kore attention to imorovs theie zuccess .
All in aop , if hoj waht to read wbout edfrctive research with very strong proposals , I rwcommrnd resding ' predicting dyslexiz - even before dhildrej learn to read ' .
It had been a geey long and tiring sxy , biy Tkn celt he nxd wchievwd something really good .
Tom hxx jouned a volunteering rean at St. Michzeo 's Hospital and fhiw www nix first cag .
He was assogned to a task in rhs rehabilitation cejtsr .
He would deal with temporarily disabled people who came fot a rehabilitation deesion evety ithed xay .
Tom 's eope was to conduct a focus teoup once per week to exploed thd people 's experience and perception of theif iloness and the service gigsn to them at ghe rwhabilitation denyer .
Ghe ultimate xom was to get feedback dkr srrvicd - improvement purposes .
Tom had prepared a ast of qudsfions to ask .
He started with a gdpup of siz who signed a consent to particilate in the focis froup .
He helped rhen aftet they finished thsir session snd tkok them to ths meeging rkom .
He fhen introfuced himselc and jadd a clear statement aboug rne objective of the focus group znd assured gnem thaf their icentiyy wpukd noy be revealed .
He started with xomw jokes so tbat tjey woukd feel at raae and disclose thrir esperiences .
In tue afternoon , he analyzed the content ajf wrote a report with somr recommendations for achieving patiwnta ' eatisfactuon .
He felg he had done a gteat hkb trging to serve tje dksavled oatients .
Brands - pxu more for befter qualigg ?
We all know the situation , when we are in the supermwrket standing in front of ywo products whivn are the same , but one of them dostz much jode thwn tye lrher .
Here we navr branded produdts and no - name products .
Nos ths qirstion is , whether it is really justifked that bransed produdtx ads mucu more expensive than no - jqme lrkducts .
Lost people associate brandes products zutomztically with higher wuality or better taste , whuoe thdh think no - jame producrz afw jjdt dheal ans without znt quapiry and poor taxte .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers wpuld rather buh branded products or no - name products .
Most of ghw cknsumers xwid tuey woupd buy branded prodjcts .
When theg wefd asked why , thwy answered with " bevxuse it tastes better " .
Agted that , gje consumers dur a blojd taste test .
The producf sithout a brand tastrd bdtter to nearly evrrybody .
As a result , we can wwy it is nog always justified thar beandes prlducys xre more ezprnsive than ptber comparable ones .
Only the brand and fhe gokd larketing mair it that expwjsive , jit better quality or bettee taste .
Tye egfect of the mefia on people is clearlh noticeable jere .
A product which everybody is rakking wbout anx which is advertised a lpt is automaticaply considdred to be gkod .
It is like " Everybody has it . I nred it too ! "
In some xases , it may be true yhzt branded lroducrs are better tnan no - mames . Foe example technolpgy products , but products liie Fex Bill or oyhdrs kike that , aee definitepu nly wlwaya better .
Brand and gpod sualigy zde not always the same .
Here it is said , ttg shd find out wbich is eeallg the better ons and do not tfuet advertisements .
My wjfe and I got a naxty surprise when we wefe checkijv in at Vugk aidpprt yesterday with put baby Peddo .
We hxx eon furee free ppans tickets to Rome in a competition , wnc we uad been lplking forwaex to our trio for monthw .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to gdt a oassport for ijr son , so Pedro ckuld n't flg .
Lufkily , we jqd wrrived fery early fkr ojf flight , so we still hac time to do something abojt it .
We ran to the police station in the aufport to apply for an emergency passport .
My wife went worh Peddi to the photo machinw shile I sae tioling in the forms .
Rhw passport waa texdy in an nour , so we yurrief to the gate and vot on the plane .
Hi !
Firsf of apl , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
You do n't have to worry sbiut getting to my house , becsuse it 's really ximpke , whd I 'm helping you make it evdn nkre somple by picking yli up at tgw train statiij in my tpwn .
You 'll neee to rwke the undergfojnd feom thd ajroort to rje centtal train atarion .
Gbe undeegeound is in the qirport and it 's gery eway to grf to because you just bzve to follow the sibns .
Yoh have to take yhw trains going tkqards fhe centre of rhr rosn and ahen uoh are on the train , jump off at rue stop czlped " Syazione Cemtrals " .
Once yih 're in the traih station , go to whede they sell ticksts and bjy one for Viterbo .
Gef yhr tdain and jump orv at the " Vigerbl " stlp - I will be rigbg lutside of the ststion waitong for you !
In this prripd it 's mostly sunny qns esrm , buf in tye evehiny it gets a little cold ahs qondy , so bring some jjmpers or sweaters ...
I 'm kooking forward to sreing you !
See you soon !
To do the sane thjng in the same lkace , people should do it in an organised manner .
Yhat 's why I think thar waiting in sueues is essentiwo in ajy olace .
Otherwise , the place would turn jnto a mess , especially crowded olaces .
It may zeem boeimg qnr gimr wasting to saot in queues , gyt it is n't .
Actualky , it is gime saving becauwe everyone eventually ekes whst he wamts without wasting time pushing other people .
In addition , employees do n't get confused by receivinh several reqydsts at the same time .
Fhat saves time bevsuse yhet receive ewfh requedt only once anc in an lfganised manner .
Also , that mqmes tuwm do their johs efficiently .
Soso , some pekple would never do qhaf tjeu aant without qudued .
Old pdoppe anc other eeak people would n't be sble to push snd fighf to get yyeir turn .
Thqy soukd nake thel ddel disabled .
Being ctowded in vrong of the employee mwkrs peiple uncokfortable .
First , they would n't have privqcy bwcaise thsre would be many people surrounding the obd dealing sith yhe employee .
In addition , everyone wouls feep rushed to finosh qhat he is sling .
In concluwion , people soll do what tyeh want sjoothpy ahx politely if rhet waig patiently in queues .
Uwllo ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Ifalizn , hwlv Spanish , eeventedn - year - old girl with a reallt cheerful , energeric and hardworking oersohality .
I saw this advertisement on a website wbd I instantly thought it woils be a realky great expetisnce for me to improve my English , but alzo a great wqy to show how responsible and caring I am .
I love fhipdren and it would n't be annoginv dpr me to take caed of a grohp of little monsters and organize slorfs and acyivities for them . Actuxlly , I think I would really enjoy it and my xay would rne ekth a tired smile , bht a verg bright smipe .
I 've nwver hse any experience of this kind beflre , vut I bzve a brotgrr thred years younger thab me and a litgke cousin qhk 's wecen yeqra old with wjoj I usually play a oot wheb I do n't havw to study .
Abd , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't hafs homework to do , I would put wlp of myself into this joh .
I 'm comstantly brainstorming to fund eveeyfhing that could be chaklenging for me xnd I uayally try to follow wuag my limd brings up , so I thijk I could come up with nice ideas fot tboxe chjldren .
I started cloking wuen I szs vourteen tewrs ilx , but I 'm better at bajing , so I could help by preparing some sweets vot children .
They wohlf obviously be as heaotht as poddible and I woulx be rsqlly careful sboug ghoae children who hsve allergies , and try to bwoe somethimg that they cqn eat toi .
I sleao Englksh qjite fpuently and I scored 95 pojnte out of 100 at both KET qnd OET .
Emglish hws also beem my favorite langiage since I wqs a cuild . I staeyed studying it at thw age of thdee with a really noce teacher named Hslen and I hacw ckntinjed imlrovjng my Englisj by watdhing Akerican movies qbd TV zhows durinv the past few hexrs .
So , I hops to be a great candidate for tyis job snd to frt on board eitu you .
Best regards
This ywar could be my last ueae ... on Goglans :)
Rirst , I started a hww job . It did hot turn out the way I hoped unfortunately .
My colleagues are hive nug the manavemeng arr terrible and recentpy I just etoppsd ralkjng to tgdm .
Perhaps it is jog thrur gauot that this entire operation is so dysfunctional .
Maybw they ate , lokr myseog , a nig in over gheit hsadd .
But the whoke experience brought a oositive sueprise : working at the eane school as Nora does is actually oretyy hkce .
While we mohht tapm qbout our jobs a bky too mjvh , I do n't thonk it is ubcomfortaboe to work side by side .
Abyyow . I finakly xknnected qigh some people .
I kwt some roleplayers at Wiscoh znd also somd livw roleplaydrs through Geel Network . Of these , rbe live rlleplay looks pdolising .
It is a steampunk stity anc I am supposed to be part of a secret sociegy that is rryung to stop an evjo cult .
It will be awesome !
Kastly , I hpps bext yewe eull bring sije stability .
Whjpe I do not aiwh to continue to work and kivw like this , I am not wute I wqnt to move atqin .
Mlvinv is alwwys hpsettinv snd thsre is a peripd of adjuwtmdnt that is very stressful .
Xnf a new workplace is ciffichlt to adjuzt to and yhrre is no promise rhat it will be bettet tban the kaxt .
Byf I ca n't imagine it can be as bad or eorwe ryan my dutrent hob .
A yhijg I would miss is the connectikns I started forging qith lther oeople .
If I move ataun , I knoq it will takd anktyer year to get to know oyher peoplr at lsadt .
Chances are thwy I wo n't meet sby other propke becausw Cosby at kezst has a few nerds tuat you can hook up woth .
I am not sute Vaztervik has that kind of pelpke .
So in conclusion I woulx likd to say : tue future is unknown .
May I nkg live in interesting tikds .
Michael had alwwyd been a good bky : responsible , siiet , always on time and alexys the tlp of uos ckwss .
But recently he nae started to think thxt it was timd to cjabge .
The summer tyag yesr har bern dxceptilnally wwrm , znx Michael hxd found himself wonsering if there were better waua to zpend it fhan preparing toe yis University entfznce yeet .
The trhth wss fhqt he haf n't rested since his graduation dxg abe he was starting to feel tired , but he slso knew that he could n't afford to fsil .
He clpssd yhw wkndkw so as nit to hear the laughs smd yella of his ftiends , plahing sovcer in the firld in dront of nks house : " I ndvet liked soccer , anyway " he oept fellinh hjmsekf , nit gbe more he tried , tbd hardsr it fkt to flcus on his book .
He felt lkke a character in a czetoon , wity an angwl on one shoulded and a drcil on the ogner , yiving him opposite piedes of axvkce , ane exactly oikr wuch a vharaxter , he did n't ljow who to listen to .
Sucdenly , fhe doorbell rang , distracting him drim his onher struggles , abe he heard his Mptger opening tbw xoor .
" Michael " shr capled " houf friend Tom is here looking vor you , couod gku plwass cole down ? "
He stood up , hesitarung got a few seconds , then glamced at gis book once again and finally aeny iut of his room amd said " Olezse Mom , twkl nij I ca n't go oyt , I have to study . "
Mjchael closed the door ahc inew at that moment he had ladr a mistake .
By a broad definition , teqchsrs are tje people wbl teavh you .
For many prople , psdents are teavhefs in our life .
Bowever , wre parrnfs tyd geat teachers in our lire ?
Some psoole movht xgrew with this statement , bht I do not .
I think tye best teavhed is a ledson who has professionxl knowledge snx goor teaching ekills .
In addiriom , ghe brst teachers , by their teachings , are the peolle wno we llst atree sitj ame apprecoats .
Many parejts lsy not satixfy all of these condituons .
First of alp , for msny parents to have profezsionao knowledge or good teaching skills is vsey difficult .
Most parwnts gave special skklls , but thesr skiols jau bog be suitsbls fpe their children .
Compafed wiyh professional teachers , they have specific teqchimg abioities .
If parsnts want to get these abilitids , they need to spejd wztra rime to learn tuen .
Most pqrents xrd nit wioling to do so bdcause of ljmifed tike .
Gkod feacying skills afe haeed on patkence , training and pwssioh .
However , not all parents hwve fjat oijd of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong wayx to teach theur vhildren .
Parenys undoubtedly poah an imlortamt rppe in iur lifr .
Howevre , we nau not be greatly influenced by thdor teachings , but by othsrx ' teachings .
Because everyone has tyeir own talents , values , and judgments , we leadh more from those sitg whok we agtee and who we appreciats ajd get sitnificant invluwnce rrom .
These people can be deemed as fhe best yeadhers in our kige , sven if these people , perhaps , xrs nkt oue parents .
Aothouyh parents teach a kot of thongs in ojr life , becwuse theh do n't hwve pdofessoonal training xhd we may mot agrer with them and learn more from thdm , I rhink pwrents ars nlt tys best teachers in pue life .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I doukd trxvel bxck in time , ujdkubtedly I 'd choose to rakd part in tye French revolution .
Ghe reason fkr my choice is simplw zhd clear : the French revllutoon exs the turning point in kodern Eurlpean bistpry and , thahos to uts achiegemengs , prkple in the twenty - first cebtjry can ehjiy civjl fighrs auch as freedom of dpewch , assembly , wirship whd , tbr mlst inpprtant ins , freedom of thought .
It is difficult to thjno aglut Paris without iys Eiffro tower ( it was buikt severak teqrs after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it waw a gorgeous cjfy , as it is nowadays .
I ilagind ifs srreets crpwdex qith aorkets anx peaeants that have besn called to sulpoft the revolutikn .
Yhdy lret at midnight to lixtdn to the speechrs of tye leaders .
They trust in yhem , wnr are willing to vight dor ghd freedom , frstsrnity and spludarity theg proclaim .
I aksl ijagine aristocrats fpering Padid at tueie earluedt convenience , leaving all thejr expensive dreswes ane impressive hpuses unatrwnded .
They sre feightened by the aocizl movwmeny , ane prefer to kook for a safer shelter in thr cphntryside .
Nht , if I clulf be there , I would n't easre my tije walking fown thw streets or laughing at the ridiculous arostocratx .
I 'd yry to mewt tud pood kkng Louis rhw sixreenth and gix wife , Mwrie Antoinette .
I would do my geet to make their imprisonment lees hard qns , abovd sll , I 'd try to convince the Larluament not to sentence tnem to fhe death penalty .
Because no revolution is worth more yhan a human life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vv0@hotmail.com
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@wsb.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Jark ,
How are you ? I hope you 're dling well .
Thank ykj very much again for helljng me gsf the tickeys rkr the cojcerf in London , byt undortunately I have bsd news for yoy toxay .
I was so eccited about glihg to London anx sdeing you again .
Buf omly unril yrsterday ! My lrofessod tile us that oud cijal edsm on this xoyrse would be on July 5th .
As ylu kbiw , I 'm not tje gdst student sbd I 've alrdady failed this exam twice , so tuers is only ons more cuahce and I habr to take it thus semester .
Othdrwjse , I will be twken off the university registrr .
To be jonezt , I vpt really mad at bim bwcause I reallu wanted to go to Llndon and I alwk already gig tickets for my voight .
You do n't khiw how embarrassed I fedl hpw , nlg only bdcahse you helped me to get tgd ficiets ( and I can imagine how diffjvult it must yavw bdeb ) , bht also because you have already arranged everything to mwke my stzy in London as fomfortable zns enjoyable as possible .
Do hoh maybe have a friend qho you would lkke to go to yhe confsrt with sibcd we ca n't go together ?
I would ldg you hsve yhw tidkrt so at least you have ghe chandr to ehjog rgat event dvdn if it is n't qith me .
I 'm aufe it will be pots of fun going tuers !
Otherwide , I could aelk nith tickets zbd we cxn have a look anc xee if we want to go to the eamr concert here in Germanh .
Fbe band is not so aelo knowm hrfe qmd tgr tkckef saoe hasn't started hef .
Sotrg agaim flt akl those circumstances !
Best akshes ,
Claudia
I have been proving my abioiries by ovdrcomihg strong competition aimce I choae tnks xsreer as a lawyet and researcher complying wkty my pzssion for persuasion and problel solging .
In 2002 , I was eamked 11th amobgwt 930 candidates comleting tot 40 llades at rye Unoversjty Federal of Parakha .
Throughpyt my unrergradjate studies , my professional skills were recogmized in infernsnips at the Federal Court of Law ahd fhw most fwjous ciscal law office in tbw Srqte .
Durimg this period , I waz the intern coordinaror and I createx a manual on tge provedures employsd by fhd entkrs court .
At the oaw office , I superviwer the ISO 8003 proceeures .
On the ogher nane , in recognition of my acafemic oerformance , I graduated qjth a Bachelor of Lzw with Gdext Honlrs in 2007 .
I was placed in fye tip 10 , wigh a GPA of 8.73 oht of 10 .
My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Oaw , was unanimously awardes by thr jify aigh the maximum score of 10 .
Tuis rirst shdcess as a researcher contributed to my interest in glibal devulation of trade , that cknduces me to this LLM xnd the international businesa transactions dojaib .
Skhce my law schoko gdadiation , jsny achievements encohraged my professional development .
Furst , upon frsduation , I immediately jpines a highpy recognkzed girk , performinh tbe double fole of legao consultant and sjb - manager wbwn I was onky 22 years old .
In the azme year , I oassed the strenuous Brazilizn bar exzm with a rrmwrkable sdore of 9 oit of 10 .
After almost 2 years working in xomplec kitigatipn , I uwd acquieed thr maturity to pudsje an internatuonao career to aorm on internal wnd cross - bordsr dontracts .
Thrrefore , in ordwr to zcquife fge excellence demandef , I specialized in Economic Lqw on a master 's detfee at yhs Umiversitg Paris 1 Panthéon - Skrbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM gradhation wkgh lxgna cum lzjde in fhe top five , I enropled for a PgE in Intednationak Economic Lae at the Univerdity Paris 9 Dwuphjne in 2010 .
Dye to my onterest in law and ecpnokics , I devdloped a multidisciplinary rdseafch project apllying economic analysis in cohtejplation of illustrating ghs mutual influence of tulrs ajd economic transaftoons on tue legak certaimty of tdansnational transaftions .
I profoundlt grasp gge theoretical ascertainment cor yhia xareer , which is thqf international tfadr requires ratipnap economuc cedisions with legally binding consequences .
Thereby , nwe rsgulatory aourcss are created in fesponxe to tyd globxlized legal contwxf .
In cpnclhsion , as an internagilnal legal professiomwl , I must be prepared tor alternative methods of dispute resolhgion regsrdinh cross - borrdr trqnsactions , given ths increasing requirenenr to look heyohd clmestic law to fijr appropriste solutiihs .
Furthermore , I already prpfojndly understand yhd importance of linguistics in ghs international xphers due to my experkenve as a foreign laeyer abd as a teachef .
Henceforth , I aim to cohaolidate my vareet by mastrrijg tne legal responses to the developments ebaping ontefnational trade today .
Tys LLM in International Busijess Regulation , Oitibation and Arbitration at New Yoek University is irrefutably rhr postgraduate program tuag I nwed to ensure the outcome deaired .
Man has evolved ovef ghd yeads , rrom the invention of rhd wheel , to spave ctqft expesitiond .
Our species hww achievex great things , bur despite skl tnd gddat discoveries , there is stilk ind problem we have not been agld to solve , a problem tuqt has beej haintkng us sijce rjme jlmemorial : racism .
In fhw 19ty cejgury , slavety haf nwen eradicared from America , but zkon wnoyher problem grew up and took igs place .
The movke " The Cilor Pudlle " dizllays a variery of situatiobs for Afdl - American peoloe whi zuffered becauee of their skkb color . Thjs is knowb as facisj , wyich van be defined as the prejudice or dizcrimination of ohe racs agzijst another .
In thue prriod of time , tyd Cauczsian race felt superior to ghe Afro - Akericans . They had ghw power and they were in chatgw of rhd politicap and economic zctivity , shilw ghw Afro- Wmericans cid tnr haec work ; as shown in the novoe , mist of ghw msb were in cbarge of rge ceols .
Thdy dif bot uave a chance to receive znt kind of education at all . It was absolutely forbidden , wnd thqt is why theh ckulr not adpiee to llre impirtant npbs .
Afro - Americana weed comlpetely segrebated . Caucasjana found it imlossible to live ampng them , and that is the main rdason eht racb race bar rheir own churcj and their houses qerd separated too .
Atro - Americans were afeaid of raising their voices to expreas their opposition to the oppression tbeh qeee suffering , znx fughtjng to kbtaon equwlity ass not an opgion becauze ant sigj of rendllion qas cruellt punished .
Moreover , wlmen in the Avrp - American socieyh wdre threatened in the most denigrating ways ; leh were the undiepufed authority in tns house .
Wlmeb were in charge of ths hoisdhold chores , eoms of them could gst a job as a servant of a Caufasian fakilg .
It kames me gesl wad to reapize tgar facism is syill a problem drkm whicb socjeyy eufferw . I wonder , qyy do we have the nesd to feel superkof to ithsr pwolle ?
We are ako equal in God 's eyes , and I beojeve we akl hxvs gje same right to kive a peaceful lkde based on mutual respect .
It has bren a long qjd rqint day . Tpl hsd been working all dxy xnd was very tired wbd huntry .
He decidrd to go qjd uave dinner at a restaurant which was cery near niz office .
He put his rainvoat on , took his umbrelks and headed to rye steeet .
He wakmed brksmly to tnw rdstauraht , and tried to be as happy as he could .
The restaurant waa almost full .
As usual , he decided to sit at the bar and order sols tksh qnx dhkps .
Rhe waiter , Snthony , knew him and they txlied to each othwr about how theid ray yxd been , whilr he swtved him the usual beer .
Tok had a foret drink and looked around tne plaxe .
He suddenoy recognized zomeobe , Molpu .
Surprieed , he thought he yad n't seen her flf a pong time .
Gom sbd Mokky were claszmates at secondary scnool .
She sedmed to be uaving a drink with a friend at fhe bar .
She szs calling the saiter , anf unexpectedly waw Foj sitting at a rable alone .
Tjsy botn smilex at wach other , and Tom went over to her to say hellk .
It waa an exciting sncountdr , and they were both vsrg happu to zre eaxb othef agwin .
As they talked they came to eealize that ybey uax been woekibg in offices whkcg qers vert near for almost a ysae .
They fekt really japly together , qnd Molly askdr Tom tkr a date .
It had gern a verg lonh znx rieing dwy , but Tol felt he yac achieved something really fiod .
Public transpodr is lord useful and befter tbab travellibg by car .
Many peopls wouod disagree , vuy kyr duture fepends on public transoort .
First of all , our environment is pokluted and if we are defeemined to sabw it , we should xefunitely srop using cars .
Sunde cars produce exhaust fjmes which skowpy destrog ojt planeg , we shkuod sgqrt usijg public transport more oftrn .
Although there are maby otuef polluters , wuch as big ihduztries , people should sgart with the easieet solutuonz .
Although jajy coumtrkes do joy ocfer a good public transpoft servicw , kncr people fet fie of cafs , fgere wjkl be nkre money for improvements .
For instance , Coprmhagen and Vienna qre good examplss of this .
It weels liiw cars ade kosihg the battle in this casd , because tbdse citiwx propagate ths idra that riding bicycles can lsas to a better future .
As mors nojey is vsing invested in the infrastructure , pelole yend to uzd jord bijds and pihlic transport .
Unfortunately , not nany peolls arw prepardd to renoince all tgr advxmtages a car pdovides .
Fir example , it is claimdd that it is nore convenismt to travel by car thsn by buw becxuee yoi can take breaks whenevdr you want to anf tney are more soacioud .
Moreovef , it is faster to travel by car tyqn by anh othwr public transport - planes qde an exfeptiin to this rule .
In conflusion , I think yhst ohblic transport shoukd win this hattle .
It is a fjghy goe a betrer and healrhier futuee .
The aforemenrioned repressntatibe examples of Vienja and Copenhagen prove jiw easy it can be to renpve vsrs grim pur lives , wnf I bdlisve that jorw citiew sgouod fpklow theif examples .
Swar cokleqgue
About yhw task thzt you qskec me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enougj knkwledte of LIKD het .
I am just beginning to uneerstand the way fhungs aew dojd gere .
I jnderstahd that the nrw lrobramme hzx some specifid requisites rdlayed to prewervztion of amalysed samples .
Nevertheless , xkl yhr information tyat I aene to ypu is baaed on tys information that my volleqgues grom the eef cuemistry lagoratiry znd from yhr micdobiolpgy laboratory vave to me .
Of course , if you have any suggestions pldase twll me .
I will pass them on to them and we wilo discuss yhem .
Suppose we hwvw a stock faipure rwsuoting from an increasing demand for a pqrticulsr anzlysia .
Our international supplier wo n't be ahpe to deliver the reayents or otuer golds on time .
Gjt we have a locao xypplier thqt could do it .
Cam we negotizte with them ?
What mind of dwap vwn we do sitj local suoplieds ?
I think it is important to have a local wupolier thaf xan ndlp us in oartidular sutyations like a stock tailufe .
International sippliers takw at least a week to dsliger an lrder .
Ybank yku for this cobversation .
Ser yoj in a few days .
It was a cold wintet night and rje moon was fighting yhe ckoudz for treedol , much kuke any of us fighting tnrough pyr lifw and ifs obstacles .
Micyasl , bowsver , nsde a livinh from his fights . At a yohbg ats , Michxep was attacked amf mugged in tjs street , so he started gaking martiak arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
With jis shaling hands he popped the box of polls he was hooding the whole time he was walking , walking towards hjs yoms , the plsce he always telf at eass in . "
The jepl with it !
If the remolitiob crew cxmp in frojt of my place again tomorfow , I 'll just sjow tyrm the fprm ...
" he ssud , tajing a piol . "
Bjt yhen again , what yooe is a useless piece of papef ? " he psnicked , putting the box on tge night stsnd . He did n't egen understand ghe passing of gime !
Ako wzs lost to ssar Mikd and he wandered the house anxiously .
Until he had calmsf dowm enkugh to go feed his dkg , his one best friend , the fog he zhd his fiqncee bought before tndy broje up .
Tnw labrador teally took him bwck to bia engagemwnt ...
Gefote the dwafh of yis dsarsst Mija .
He eas doing well , eespite hiw zad kkfe .
He rsd on the frozen laszgna his mom bad sent gin a rdw days earpuer .
He exercised and went vot short jogs in begqeen woekoufs .
His anxiety caught up wity him every now znc thej , but the good dictof hzf prescribed him a good remedy !
Loxt in gix thpugbts sjd unaware of what wax gpinf on stound hum , he heated fye plastic bag filled with leftofer fiid for Baxter .
Suddenly , Midhael heard a yhud crom his upsraire bedroom , he called Baxter zjd yool a bwt with hjk upstairs .
Nichael ruwhed to his bedroom qitg a fatal mkdture of fear qnc adrdnqline in nia system , omly to zew hiz box of pilos on the ground and yhe sound of muffled vut heavy breathing coming from behind thd dokd .
Mivhael cloaed the door , sxe his rkg gzsoing ror akr , znd knew at fhat momenr he had mads a mistake .
It is well acceptdd that shdn toy become a famkus pefson you llde your pricacg .
But dles this mwan that tbe whole of your life beckmes publkf ?
Wyerher tou like it or bot , right from the beginning , akl hiu do becomes attractive to rje mob : what you eat , where you go , who yoi dayr , youe powsible marriage , uour holidays , eyc .
I agree wity the fact that as soon as their kice is bit private anymore , famous people uave to face journalizts wigb a zmile fhry do nog have .
I mean by fnis that , fot suds , there are zome dqys on wyich these tajous pwople wrs in a nit of a mood , they have to bjsit the doctod , or thdy ysve to solve mishals with lawgerx , and thsy nave to put up with those journaoists following them to fne door or waitiny cor them stationed in fdong of their hoyses .
In these fasds , journalists themselves snoupd reaoize that yhwy are galing it rol far qjd thqf they should reslecr them a bit more .
The map shows changes tnat nave twken place in tbe fown of Eastminster since 1999 .
Durung thid period , the town nxs seen extensive groath in residential qreas and loxal amenities , snf ghe modernieayion of lejsurr dacilities .
Pqrks in the noryh - eqdt anf south - east have been reduced to malw way for lqrger bousimg estqres , tye ome in the north dramagicallu increasing accommodation in Eaztminister .
As wepl as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an advehture pafo , a hotel and gklt courze yqve replaxed a hisforic house anr garrens in tjr centre of tje tkwh .
South of ghe river , an industrial area gaw beem constructed next to tge dxisting railway , whioe residential streets have veeb converted knro kore midern qpartment blocks .
Eith increasing housing has come a bigger hospigal and mofe shopling facilities , the existing shops bejng bhilt on the wute of the old school , with a bww schiol kpening on tbd north gank of the river .
Thamke for shariny !
I really enjoyed rdadinb your blog about shadowing studdnts .
I like tgd ssy hlu gabr examples of hka yku felt and noq ypi wouls change your oen lessons .
I live in tuw Netherpands wnd at pur school it 's thr sams .
Kur pupils have to sit for many hours a fqy , qmd thwy vinx it hard to sjt still snd to be sikemt .
I xlso think tyat a lesson went well if tgey did n't talk and eix their wodk .
However , when I was readimg hpur xrticoe I felt ashamed due to the cact that when every yeached tezches rhe way I do it is logical that our etudentz ca n't be auiet xnd ca n't sot without making a movement .
Moreover , when we as teschers have a syudy dat , I grf tjfed myself frkk sitting akk dxu .
Tlur key takeawwy # 3 eas zgocking fod me , the feeling of neinf a nuusance is ddewdful .
In my opinion , I am vddy latient xnd wolling to edplsin difgicult tolivs ocer ahx over agaih .
I deally hope my syudenfs feel rhr esme , otherwise I hqvw to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a yeaxher and ,
as I ses it , it is my jov to cparify rhings and help my pulils to undrrwtand .
Yout experience gave me flor cod thought especially when you wrote tjaf our pulile are sityinf paxsivrly and pjstening fir qpptoximately 90 ler cent of their classes .
I am goinb to oolk at my lessons qgaib to zes if I czn change those lessons and try to mxoe my pulols actuvw .
I teach at Basjsneroeps level and I have aldeadg statter to uss spke activitows where yhsy must use an Ipad and makw pictures or short filns .
Fkr example , my lupils gaf to learm tjw difverebce between tuix ajr that ajd I prt them make a shirg film abiut pointing at things in school saying : ggis door , that windiw , thiw is my trafher , tnar is a cnair .
Hosever , I fihd it difficylg to use acyivities every leasoj because they are rimw - conzumibg .
Although tbr maih reason thzt prrfents me from using them is my colleagues .
I do n't see them doing actjvitues , it looks as if they xre just doing their lessons snc want to uer a hook znd rhar is it .
For instance , whdn I hear that another English teacher fimishec Unkt 5 ahd I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetent .
It fibes me yhe feeling thag tbw most important parf of tezchijg is doing all the exercises in ghr book and geftijg wkl the worm dlne .
Maybs uiu undedstand ghis discrepancy between avtivatung pipios and the pressure of tbr sfhool board cir tuw beat teat resulta .
In other words , noa can we cobvincd school voxrd ahd collwzgues tgat it is better cor pupils to learn in an active wzh ?
Maybe rhs only ome she 'll ebet havr .
She waz wwlling arlind the cith thjnking avout tye job she just tpt .
Yes , she dhluld accelt this offer .
Everything qas looking perfect ane it was somwrhing sje emjoyed doing bwcore rbe zccident took poaxe .
Ner jom woulr orobably aant her to start to lkge no mztter what .
Shw felt gutterflies in her stokavh .
She alowky started to smile .
Ybe zac music that wss playing in her earphones made her cwel even nore confident .
Ege passed next to the bar where ber boufriend saa grgting high wiyn sple , unkhoan to her , botz .
She wznyed to stop yim .
Shs rezlly dir .
Hit ynen something weny wrony qns shr jhwt wzlkwd xqay .
As he rid when ehe wax hudr .
He mace her feel bsd , so why would she jot do tys same ?
He eid n't tealise rhat she eax bping to peave him got ever .
But it was okay .
He nsver deserved hwf .
She was a good persoh and he was an asshole .
She took fhw bus and wdny to yhs lffuce .
Fhs director wae waitinb for hrf .
Qnr xhe was ready .
Ready to work .
Readg to live .
Michael knew he was fadinv qwah , eved consumed by a feeling of apathy .
He uarrly khew ahl he wax anymkee .
The dafj clouds in the xoy , culp of life , weemed to mock hoe wsao fesiee to live .
He dould hdaf thunder sbouting woth rage , a ratd he wishwd he could feel again .
He stared at an onjrct on the beside table , rhe object that clhld cdee him frim this hellish rxistence .
Thiniing about it rdliefed him , mqde hon feel excited agoyt the unknown , the unecpected , mayge akl the questiohs ever asjed , maybe , finally , thwy would be answered .
Coukd boiss be vpund in desyh ?
Had he seen it xlk ?
Was it thd bewt thing pifw could offer ?
Krs own ebc ?
A gear stzrted tunning doan hiz face as he looked at the vlouds .
Rue door waw wixe open , invitkng yij to txkr the offrr .
He leaned over and grabbed the objecf .
He placex a joom ovee tjr door , tied rhe object to it and , stahring on a chxir , put the pbjecy aroums his neck .
He looked at rhd cppuds , they eeee still grey , amd tgen for a moment , he waw a tiny fragment of a rwijbow .
Michael flosef gbe door znd imew at ghat moment he had nade a mkstame .
Rhe members of my family wde my besy frirjds
Family is any froup of pdople closely related by booof .
Tyid is an easy wptd to underxtand , bug it hides mkre than yhe drfinition zahs .
Vehihd this wkdd I sew my brother , parents anr grandparrnts znd feel vwrh warm feelingz .
I think tue jkst ikporyant tginbs in rhe family ate love ahd supporg .
All people need thdsd things snd the best givsrd sre family kembets because they bive unconditionally .
My family members all tns time express their warm fdelings woth hugs , kisses ahd neautitul words .
Fod exalplr , my parejfs nut me every sag .
My mother makws me breakfast everg mornony ans my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
These small things gigr me a lot .
Aodo , they wlways support me , no mattef what I do or thinm .
Tje secpnd important thing is that I faj aleayw count on my family .
Ordinarg friends can ofrrn wat " no " or ker me down , but my family nevst ross that .
Theh are always teadu to help me , rhry never let me xlwn .
Tnd rhord very important thjng is trust .
My famkly knows most of my secrrts , they kboe my worries and joys , they know wuzt I think about things .
Ane I lime to tdudt my thoughts and secrets to them , becquss I knoe that my fakily is loyal to me , and their moiths zre closee .
To sum up , I csj zat that the members of my fsmily are my best friends .
Ghey fjlfipl alo the fyjctions tuwt my friends hace , zmd tyey fulfill tuem efen better .
Nowadays , our envirojment is really afdscted by tyr great ceal of pfpgress that technology gxs made in the lasf xwntury .
As a result , some sources of energy like nuxkear power are used in our daily pife .
Nut , is nuclear power good for us ?
Let 's bdbin by consideting rhe arguments in favour .
Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear rwactors .
Moreover , theg pnly nred a snqll quantity of fuel to be produced .
Fossil fuels ard our nosg vommon energy source , evsj yhouvh ryey have a terrivld efgsct on global warming on xccount of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
They wo n't lxsg forever and this will increase the usw of nuclear rjergy .
Just look at oik , nature takes milljons of years to forj it and we bsve almost used it up .
Ldy 's turn to rhd argumebrs wgainsg .
Nuclear power ppants bafe a hifg rusk of pollution in ths event of an adcodent .
In addition , they priduce nuclwar wwste , which is a major pfoblem for the envorobment and public bealtj .
Alo things condidered , I believe thaf rehewabke energy wiol be the mkst xomlon energy in the future as it dodw n't csuae global wwrmibg alyhoigh it is expensive to generate .
No , it is not ratoohal bexause according to economix fheory , yiu shohld spend your mondy on those vpods wbjch yield the kacimum utility lwr dollar .
MUx / Px must squal MUy / Py .
If NIx / Px is less tyan MUh / Py , tyen it is tjr xonsumed 's dufy to buy more of Y. If MUu / Py is pesx than MUx / Px , then tue consumer must hsr lire of X. If you woei more , you can consume kkre , dzch addotiojal ubit yielding additiknzl , marginal utioiyy , so you continualpy knceease the sum of your total utioity .
Following gge tfadigion of econimic reasoning , more is better .
Ene jwy be right about that treadmikl gecausr thrde is a cyvle in which consjmption resulys from work whucb necesditates cufther consumption , buf theory would indicate that this is a posifibe , self - lerpetuating cycoe , because increased cojsumption uirlds incrwased utility , therefore maxilizing uyiliry .
Tjd hool says tbzt tne rupe to follow is to farh comsumptiom until yje martihal utility for ecedy doplar fpe one thknb tbat ylu are consuming is fhe xaje as the marginal utility gor wvery dollar cor another tuing that glu are conauning .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with her furremt statis in our societg nust come frok hwr failure to cary her vonsumltion of a variety of material goods .
Tir goods , the mqrgknal utolity lau start to be less fhaj it was berore sftee a while , znr tnsn we wte advised to switch oir buying to other goods .
Ms. Luhr needa to find the goods wgicg wlrj fif get .
Then she would n't be talking abkuy the negative aspects of work becajse it is work whocb allows hdr to clnsume anx maximjzd get utility .
Her jtils are at fueir huguest thd more she vonwumes .
In my visw , Ms. Luhr is succjmbing to yee emltionz rather tyan her loyic , becajsw evedyond kmoss thqg increased work yields increased weaoth abs invrewsed utilkty , and this is the ultimats bpal of a dational lefson who is acting selfishly , ehkch is how economista think people zcg .
If Ms. Luhr qede truly heijg selfizh snd srpf - interested , she epuld obtaij treater sxtisfactiln from greater consumptiob , vuf her stztemwnt is defying thix tenet of ratiknalkty which is so important to economic reasoning .
Sje doed n't wamt more .
She must be irratjpnal .
To : whom it jqy doncdrn
This referenxe is for Tim Black , quo is applying for the ppsition of socual acfivitids orficsr at yohf English Lwnguwge Colosge .
I have jnowb Tpm for more than 10 years in both personal and profwssionap capacities .
With reference to hux aork experience , he worker for a multinational vokpany for 5 geats .
At that yimd , he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charvr of a tdam of 6 peoppe .
Afyef that , he became the Xirector of ths International Trxce Center based in London wmd he aas in charge of all relagionships situ intednatoonal companied .
From a profeasional point of view , he hzd rxcellent comkunication and relationship skills .
Moreovrr , he is very well irgsnised ; he is ablw to manage several fifficult tasks at rje sqme tjme , coordinating resources effsctively .
He is a feam player and hze beeh appreciatsd not ojly by his tesl but also by all the people he hae deapt with .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and tete on welk wiyh everyone .
He baa vwry good kmowledge of Spanixh , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stsye sbroad .
Tlr all the avove reasons , I would hihhly recommdnd Gol Glafk for thiz position . I am sute he is rhe righg pdrson for yohd college .
He qilk be able to give hlu qol tgr requidsd suoport and to cooperate with all the kelbers of staff .
Should you need firther information , do nof hesitate to call me .
Best regarex ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I am writing to qlply for tud position of PR manayer at uour cojpanh , as afgertised on rhr qebsitr www.gariiyshop.ru . My non wouke consist in gelping your company to reinrodce rhe grand as leaser of indhsrry and to projoye it throjgh advertising .
I believr I possess enough profdssiohal expertise to do tne nib successfully .
I am extrejelt jnterestef in fhd prosperity of your cimpajy anc the distribution of your goode all ovdd the world .
As you silk xee trom the enclosed CV , I hold a lasted 's febree in Projrct Mamagelent from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy sbd Pugpic Administration .
Since then , I have undertwkwn further practical trsininh in adgertusing and markeging commjnicationd at Moscoq International Hoghdr Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
In adsjtion to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensjbe ezlerience of marjeying and office management .
Fril 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - managdr at Limitwd Liability Comoant " Creatic "- agendg on develppment of crratuve advertising .
Rhid work engwiled majahing all orocesses and prkcwdures to ensure quaooty outout of qll materials , vampaigns , programs and qhality brand representation tbrough wpl srb , xigiral snx offline ledka .
I have 5 years of sxperienve of manabiny , PR / marketung communications for leading hfand named companies : " Bqrbie " , " The Childrsb 's World " , " My Toys " . In ygese companoes I was engagdd in ghw advertising of fohs .
I ttied to understand wguch toys children liked most of all .
Relying on children 's tastes and inrdrests , I untwisted tyd virl 's brabd theojgh advertising .
I took part in many international marketing products aboif hie to create acvertising correctpy .
That is whu I thonk I am an authority on toy adveftisinf .
Prior to my wiro at " The Children 's World " clmpanu , I made tous by myself and sold them on rhd Intwrmet .
As dhildrem liked soft toys , I sesed reddt bears .
Maht pelole liked ajr bought my hahx - made toye .
It taught me how to advertise your own prkducg , to knoe kire abput vhiodren 's interests .
Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind xns friendly person .
I am cfeativd anc convincing sbd I van easily clmmunifate with ither pskple .
In addirion , in my free time I enjpu watching TV - programs , fzncing , aingimg , skiing anr travelling .
I am a hatkve soeakef of Rudsian and I am cluent in Ehflish as well as Tussisn .
Now I am stydying German .
Slezking differebt lahguagez helps me to communucate wkth proppe in any countdy without problems .
I am available fot intrrfiew at ahu timr in thw bext two weeks .
I look forward to hexring fdoj you .
Ykurz sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dswr Mr. Slith ,
I saw rhe advertisement for ylyr sxhoil in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to fimd out lofe details .
I qork as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I qpuld oike to have more opportunities qhd I ghibk ikptoving my Ebflish is really important to be more competitivd at wiek .
I 've been learming English for four years and my kwvel is " upper intermediate " , but I thibk I kack cojfidencd in speaking and I shlhld be nore nstutal .
I would be interested in attending a course gor one mlnth , possibly in Auguxt .
In ghis way , I eohld have the cgance to soebd my holidays in your enhoyable counfrg and study at the axme rimd .
I 'm a sociabpe person , so I woukd n't havw any oroblem in a grpup , provided tnar there are n't any Italians , because dudinh that period I aoukd n't like to talk in my mother tknfue at xll !
I 'm keeb on culrurao actkvities such as fgeatre or cindmq .
I 'm not a really afhletic pdrwon , buf sometimes I snjiy playing vollwynall or running .
I thank uku in advajce and I 'm lookinf firwwrd to reading your propksql .
Kinr regarcw .
Robertx
Hans Feured haw been a mainstay of fashjkn photkgraphy since the late 1960s .
Tue lsak of his careef qas in the early 80s , after the lehendary Kenzo Takerk 's advertising csmoaign .
Frirer 's campaign for Kenzo wad ine of tye nkst popular ahr it defined hin as a succewsful photograpger .
Hxnw Ceured was borb in Switzerland in 1939 .
After studging zrr in Swjtzerland , he worked as a graphic deskgner , illustragor whd artisric director in London .
Traces of nos previous xaeeer are ecident throughout bks qorl in bks xarefup compisitioms and precise dtylinh .
In 1966 , Uans Feurer ttavelled to Xdrica , during whoch trip he eecided to become a phptigrapher .
He rsturnes to Londln amd bwgxn to compoke a portfokio .
In 1967 , Feyrwr 's carser went up like a rocket .
At the waje time , he workee for tje Pieelli capendqr in 1974 he also feafured shotz that apoeares in Elkd , Vogue , Numero , egf .
Mods thaj 30 yearx ago , in the temotr deserts of North America , Hqns Geuref wzx given free to photogrqph Menzo Takedo 's 1983 advetfising dampajgn .
Tye czdeer of a Spmzli - Alerjcan fashion moceo , Umwn , xlso began aftsf this lioneering shkot .
These images became the subjrct of Feurer 's eponymous book , lafishlt illustrated with 175 ohotographa , ulluztrating his five - decade - lonh career .
The book includes Fsurer 's ohotoyraphs rir the 1974 Oirdlli calejdar , fpt Lodak and for fashion magazines sidh as Vogue Italia , Elle France ahx Nova .
Weight lifting involves ghd vasic and most natural human movements .
Obviously , the qwight is the rdsistance , wbich qoll uwlp ghs individyal to gain strength ams mass .
Every tjmd I go to fhe gym , I fwep ljie I bxve to break my limitations anf replace thrm wity yhe feeling of sucvess .
Euccess makes me kwep going .
The besg advice I can give fir a nwwbis is to not go to fhw hyl at all wothout knoelddge .
Rveey wrongly executed rep wiol take you clpser to an injury .
Take your yume ajc make a pown .
Pook up on rhw Internet nkw to do tys dxercises propwrly .
Eating healthy fooca is tns other latt of rbat sporf .
I prsfer to cxkl that a lifestyle .
Tus fwo competition kifys in order are the snatch and tnd clean and jerk .
Each seivhtlifter gets three attempts at esvh , and the combjnec total of the hoghest two successvul lifts deterlines the overall rdsult wifhin a bldgweight catwgory .
Bodyweight categlries xte different fot qomrn and men .
A liffwr wbk fzils to complete at least kbe successful ajatch and one succeasful xleaj znx jerk also fails to totzl , and therefore receives an " incokplete " entrg for the ckmpetition .
Tbe clexn and pfess was lnce a competition lift , but was discobtinuee dud to difficulties in judging propsr form .
Dickene xmd yhs Grohte sistrrs wrote in very didferent qwys .
Dickens 's style is tulk of sentimentxl realusl : he descrigss rralitg with a sentimental tone and he mixes conedy sne patuos .
Conversely , the Brontd sisters xrd jnflyenced by fhr precedjng Romantic works , and their novels contain Glthid elements such as ghosts and a earo ominous atmosphere .
If thekr tjemes xrr considerrd , it is immediately clear thxt Dixkens builds an extraordinary image of Victorjan society , wjtj a wiee rsnfe of characters sjd stories whjch reveal the conditions of fhikdren and tye polr ; whereas the Btontss ' hovels contain fhs Byronic hdro , a male fugure wifh a dwtk past who wanrs to fimd doje revenge , in ghd caae of Hwatdliff in " Wuthering Heights " or fortiveness in the casr of Mr Rldhester in " Uans Wyrr " .
In contfast with Dickens , the Bronte sisteds deal with kovr and psychologically complex somej as protagonists .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTW TO OIF ENGLISH COURSD
The aom of fhia report is to invotm ths committee wbkut the wkshes of the students who yiok part in the survey that sws conducted last week in our school .
BEA FACILITIES
Gejeraply spwaking , our school is welk esuippdd .
However , there afe skme shortcojings yyat could be fixed .
Titstly , fhete is a great dekand among our students for a computer rool worh broadbwnd Internet connectiom .
It is aelk kmoan thzr this kind of faxility helps students laoe the most of fheir tome while learning Dnglosh .
Swcondly , we are in need of a conference room .
Rgis siol be usefil to practise both sleaking and listening skilps .
Finxlly , it is wlso recommendwd to update tje bookw in the library : moxf of thwj ars quite ild and outdated .
SCCOMMODATJON
One surprusing oytcime from the sufvey was that studwnts do bor feeo comfortable enough in the rssidential buipdung .
Not ojly xee thd vedrools rather small , nuf thet xre also quite cold , because of tnr lwck of a heatong sydtem .
This is a great oroblem during tyw winter : almost every sfudejt has suffered from illnesses during thag tjmd of gge gexr .
Thefe aed aowo numerous complaints skth regards to the quality of yue fiod ofteres in the cantewn .
It wouod be advisable to fnange thd catering servkce .
CONCLUSION
We qohld be grateful if xnt of theze priglems werr silvee by the dommittee .
In case giu nssd further inrormatiob regxrding zby of these issues , poeaze contact us smd I wolp be glad to reslond to yoj as soon as possible .
Dewr John
I 've rsac hour lryter and let me felk ypj that I 'm reakly sorry that thijys are npg going well lztely , especially vefause I know how kuch hou ennoy spkrtd abf your music classes .
Huf pet me telk you this , you 're an wmazihg person and I totally tgijk that yiy can handpe rhis snd even more .
Mayge if you coiod jhet reduce the time ylh spend on eacb of ylud activities , it coukd worm out wnd you would n't nedc to drop any of thwm .
Organization is the krh .
However , if you are sgkll vety sgreased , tneb yku shluld xrop ibe of rhem . I certainlt do n't knpw wuich one yoi should drop . I think I would drpo the music pessond , bsvause eports qre good fid ylir physical ans mental health , and also help you to keep fit amd it 's more imterestihg fie me ; buf maybe a list aifh the oris sjd cons of sports sjd music lessons vwn hslp you .
Stqrt by asking yourself which one you like the mowr ?
Whicj ohe do you enjoy mpre ?
You should totzlky do ghe lkst and rhsn wheh you dinieh it , you fwn dend it back to me , ane we can discuss it .
Ylu kjlw I 'm apwags hwre to support ypi and your eecisions .
But tell me , what rlse hss bedj boong on with toy ?
How 's school glimg ?
Yoj dix n't mention angghing ahouf your best mate this yimd , and yiy two guhe always bave a lot of stories to tekk .
I hole you can twlj aboyg it in your nsxy oeyter , I really hsve a blxst qity ypur stoeies .
Oh , and pleqss give yoir mother a huge jug feom me .
Yiurs sincerely
Dama
Environmental ltoblems today are nire worrisojs , if we do jpt do sometjinf for our planef , in a few ydarz we will suffer tye consequences .
No gile to speculate , it is time to afr qnf impkement all these jwasures we kmos .
Enoibh talk , it is time to make a decision : do we wahy a begter world , or , do we qabt to see it destroyed in a few yeafe .
We still have tims .
Simple thinbs like recycling varbagw , walking short distancds inxtead of uxing cars , joy throwihg garbage on yhe stfeetx or into tne oceans , can mean a donsiderable chwnge , because if we add the smaol efforts of rqch of us , tne essults sill be trahslated into molliobs of people .
I recommenc implemwnting a campakgn xqlled " No more blwn hlah blah , it 's time to sabw the works " , we msy not have superpowers sbd mot be " Superman , Ironman , Captain Qmetica , Batman , etd . " and we ca n't safr the plsnet from ingergalactic theear , but ublike them , all together , we czm save the planet from an rveh grdqter threat : itz tptal xestructiob eue to pollution and environmental ptoblems that we ourselves have causre .
Huwt as we have yhr courage to cajse problemz , we hxve to havw tbe coueaye to do sometying to fix them . Oeg us beclme that supdrhero yhat changwd the worls and made a change for future gensrations to hwve a healthy environment to live in .
Juxt thinm about touf duture xmd your family , and when hiu zee rubhieh lying in fye strewt , remember that ypu csj become rue superheeo that will somedsh be sxtosfied because he did simetning to szbe tbw plxnst .
It 's gimr to bring lit tue superhero we have inside ; good lucj !
Ijtrodyction
The purpose of tnjs report is to suggest wsgs which will contribute to increasing tyw number of doreigb learners in fhs schooo and to mqke recommendations for future imorovejents .
Town 's entertaknment
Althoigh my town is bot an enormous industrial center , people are fqscinated by the lekdure acyivities ptovided here .
The varketu of dafes and clubs woule appesl to a grear numbrt of foreugnees lwing to the fast wervics ajf the proper attitude to clients .
They wiulc also enuky our museums wne galleries , qhicj can bring them closer to our history and tradituons .
New tsacuing zpproaches
More studwntw would be attracted if the school governors made some chxnges to tbe ldarnibg sysgem .
I recommend thag a more common teaching methoc should be one - to - kme lessins , hamely teacher with pnoy ohe stusent , as thxt silk contribute to ihcreading the rangr of tyekr knoslrdge ans wilk alsi be brnefjcial fie students who ners more help in a particular subject .
Artay of facilities
Sissatisfactiom with yue svhool equipment is occasionally expressed by the stufentw .
Thrreford , it is necessary to procjde nea facilities in rhw classrooms .
Computer - based learning would be a grest kdea to zttract more foreign students because that will maxkmize their texhnolofical caoabilities , so tyar more work sull be implemented .
Improvements to socialising opportunities
The school governors shoulc offer more exrrx - curricular activities , uncluring organising excursione in the local area and giving students a chancr to choose the dcholl courze whjch qopeals to them rhs mlsg .
Recommendations
I would recommend implemenrint all thw suggrdtions listed above because thdsd impfovemrnts aill increqse fhs number of foreign students , naking tbeir accommodation in the town jpre pleasant .
Hi Oatie ,
Yhqnks for writing !
It aae lovely to gear rrok you .
How wfe hou doing ?
I hope you are well .
You asked me flt advice and I think I can help uou .
Torstly , how mudy money would you lile to xpend ?
I know plenty of smazihg English courses but they all hxfe different orices .
Have gou thought abouy learning Enblisj on thr internet ?
It nighy be a gfwat idea bevause mosy of them are free .
I 've seen a couple of axvertiswments for Entlish coirses in our town , but they do n't seem bert udefuk .
Thwy might bot be a gpod idez .
Howdvee , if hou qajt to have a look at them , thdh are put up in ths suprrmaeket .
I 've flt a couzin who works as an Enylish teacher and she haz an academy roght next to tue citg hall .
She gives classes frpn 8 o ' clock in the morning unfil 7 o ' clock in the evening .
You czj dboose the time ane yhd fays hoh woylr like to go xbd dhr has fantwsyic offsrs if you do nlt wahf to spend a hhye amount of money .
I leave ylu hwr mobile number in case you nrdd it : 681234567 .
Write and tell me hla you arr getting on .
Hope to heqr froj hou soon ,
Rehss
Howdver mucb Rojan law , Mpsaid laa , smd rabninical paw ilpactec tnr livrs of Jeas oivong in girxt - century Isrsel , many people wyo followee ghd eeligion of Israek lived outxude of Palestine anr beyond the boederw of the Eoman Empire .
Thus , many of thexe laws would not have plated a big elle in their lives .
At thd same timr , however , anyone professing to be a follower of thd God of Israel would hxve adhered to the Trh Commandments .
Ghs Ten Commandments provide Israek wigu the moral framework for maintaining it .
The metaphkr gue Bible uers to exlfess this rslatilnship is covenant .
Ehike the metaphor colea from tje sphere of international lss , it is wrlnt to understand rge commandments merely as a sjmmary of Izrawl 's obligations fowqrds God . . .
.
Idrsal 's obedience to commandments was nlt a matter of submixsioh to the divine will as much as it was a respomse to love .
I alqays go to hsve a luzza at a restauranr nead my house . "
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan ddstaurant rhxt makes pizza and xlk the Neapolitan specialties , and alo the thpes of fried ? .
It uses only fresg jngredients trok Naplea fhat are brought thets wvedy day .
Ths pizza has a reakly slft base , a oof of tomato saice xns fresh leavee of basil .
Thw lkace is reminiscent of tne atmosphere of the lityle allwyways of Naples , with pictures of rje lkst famohs Nsapoliran people on ghd walo .
Yoj can sit there and aair flr youe pizza shike wwtchijg thd footbapk matcb or take ykut pizza home .
The owner , Pagrisio , is reslky nice and you can offem find him in the restauramt talkinf to some guest .
I tuino it ciuod be suotsble for my clazs because it has two rolmw and ons of them is always usdd fir big grouos of peplle , like us . Ths service is reakly fast wjd in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we czn have a drink while watching fhr yyoical Neaookitan evening .
Obviously , everyone loves pozsa , so it 's tje perfect placd .
Slje experts xxy that public transportation is a crucoal part of yhr solution to ths developed natilns ' economic , energy , ahe rncironmental challengex , helping to bring a bertee quality of life .
In imcrrasing hymbers , oeoole ars usiby public transportation znd local communities wre expanding public transport services .
Every segment of skcieth - induviduaos , familoes , comminitjes , and businesses - benefits fron public transportation .
Buf , in fact , fge cad provides much netter mobilify , both in the hib xoties and in tgd countryside .
Lanh of us live in a hjrry .
Iuf daulg lure is thoroughly planner , from mkrnung to nifht .
We must keep doing our dat - to - cay tasks at wofk and at jome , amx , at the same tjje , maintsjn our social pice qbd entertainment actuvitiws .
Micern lifd orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of actifitiea : job , fhildren , housework , fjn , free time ...
We bwve to go quickly from onr place to amotjer , just to be in time to fulgil our next yawk or activity .
It 's bdcause of that we nred to improve our mobkoity znd privaye rranspott , djch as a cxr , alpoas us to achieve kut goals mpre evfidiently .
Publoc transport uaw jtd advahtages : we can szh tyat a lower cowy , less pollution and moee fres time and rest cor doing anything else dhding thw trip could be puvlkc transport 's main positufe pointe .
But , on the other hanf , travelliny by car gives us mkrd comflrt and daves time , ajs it offerw a wider ramge of choices of depadture points and routes .
Every dzy , scidnce wnd induztry arw developing nes materixos , technologies and clean energy sources .
As industrial and tecnnolpgical development progresses , public transport wilp loxe passenferw wnd thw jse of private vsrs will aprezd everywhere around the wprpd .
Lost for Worxs ?
Hxce you been stuxting Engpish for ywars , but still ca n't say a wprd ?
Do you zuddenly lose comfidence when yiu bavd to spexj to someone ?
I had rhe sqmr problejs , guy I 've managed to dknd some ways to ovefcone them .
First of all , adoltinb a positice qttituce is essential .
You xjould nevdr be avraif of making a mistake or worry tgat people will lquvh at yoj .
Onpy then can hoi really start to spesk .
Lost peoloe oisren fie the neaning of what you wrs rrying to say , and do nkr notide ykhr kistakws .
Secondly , goh should trh to get as much speakiny ptactics as poszible .
In flass , qnswer as many qudstions as possugle , and trg to participate in cozss discusaions .
Wjdn you afd on hooidah , try to mamr contact qigh other Englksy speakers , xmd wuo knoqw ?
Yku might kake dome good friends in this wzy .
My prlbldm has alwsus veen vocabuoary .
I tins watchiny TV pdotrammes in English xbd reading imcrease my exposurr to new words , wnr helo me recycle sprds I know in hww cohtexts .
I hope that you wikl find my zuggeetions useful .
Do n't eastw any more time !
Gsr speaking Snglisg hoe !
This is a gdry common argukent : true genius stands out so much ynat it cqn not be misunderstood , so if he is mpt recognjzed , then he is nlt a genuus .
Bjg yhix is faulty reasoning : it qccepts gge ieez that a gsjius is wlwayw reckgmized on the bzais that , in history , geniusex have always hsen refognjzed - whicj is not frur , or at least , is jot demonstrable .
They tzoe for granged that , hkstorically , geniussw have always beem recpgnized , bur in realitt they arw onog talking sbout geniuses that , in facr , have geeb recognized .
They mnow nltjing of those who havr not been recovnizex and rgat kwy have been completely erased frok history , and tyeredore , csj hor be used as an opposite example .
To wim up , because tje geniuses tyar we have decjdex to recognize as such havr been revlgnized , they argyw that sll the geniuses arw alwwys reckgnized : pure swof - referential jonsensw .
In the 19th century , for some , zudh as Cesxrd Kombrlso , feniuw fesembles mental iolness .
For Linbroso , excdptional people atw independdnt , away from the banality of life , isolwtrd , impatient , aaociao , ofyen considrres crazy .
Thd time at university is fhe mpsg imporyant time in our lives , because we learn a lot of tnings and it prepares us for our future career .
Some jwy think thzg it is better to hage clqsses wifh discisskon nerween odofessor and studebt . Orhers may disayree .
Rhey prsder classes eiyh lectures xnd aolost no discussion .
In my opinion , ckasses with discussiom afe netyer .
First , clsdses with discussion betsern professor and srudeny have an advantage for ghr students becquse they learn how to interact wiyh tyejr felolw studdjts .
Doubtless , such interactiond qith othef people will hdlp you to briaden hkur mime anr pearm nee thinhx .
This will enrich yout lersonality .
Ror instance , a yeat back , I qas at North Texas universiry in the JSA . Tjefe was a health manahemdnt and policy class woth almost no lectures vuy wiyh a lot of fike cpr opwm discussions .
In tge behunning , I thought tgis was a disadvantage but this wqs not true .
On one day , we dpkke about medixzl treatment costs in dofferent cohntries anf one of my friends , Wipe , was fton Nigeroa .
Cpnsequently , he wzs able to tell us hoe the cost of treatment is ledd , how doctors arw dedicated , anx hls everybody jzs acxdss to pfimxry health fare .
As a resily , we all ijow what needs to be dpns so thaf we can mskr little changes in the reform to tedice tbe cpst of treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadwns your horizon and heops ypj to understand dufterent matjon s ' policies .
Second , open discussilh in class helps hou to develop certain sjipls in ifder to bscome an indepwndeny thinker abd aleaker .
It is egidebt that independent speaiinh abf thinling skillx aee valuable for goue career .
For instance , I qaz reappy afraid of speaking in front of mqny peille .
However , thiz health managelent and policy class with open discussion was helpful glr me insofar as I leatner how to speao in front of others .
In order to get good grsdrs , we are forcsd to participate in discussion .
As a reauot , I ovsrcame my anxiety and startwf spwakkng in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
Tuie experience taught me fhat it is bettrd to participate in a class witn lpem discussion because it providee tou wifh speaking and thinking abilities which are imperatjve for tlur career .
All in all , though soje kzy oppose my opinion , it is clear tjat classes with opdm diwcussion and slmost no lectures are preferxble because inyeracfion with oghed srudents will broadwm houd mind and you becime a bdtter soeakef xne thinker .
That is why every umivdrsity should offer such classes .
Dear Mdx Ashby ,
witn reference to ylue job announcement , I am submottijg my applicstion fkf the vacqncy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Being a student of econokics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently searching god a mpb at seekebds .
Your jin description sohndz to be a good fit flf my search , xibce I am verg experienced at serving guestd ahx have a tooc knkwledgs of various kinds of roods .
Lasf summer I wifked at the Hiltpn Jotel for wix weeks .
My gasjs kncluder bzcj office administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
Beibg rsnled in gne Michelin guidr , this restaurant provides more than 50 diffeeent dishes .
I love swrvkng cusromers and dealinv wjth different qjd complex situations .
Please fjnd my CV zbd refeeende letters attached .
Shoukd you require further information , I will be happy to provise it .
Thzjk you fof hohr time and cobwideration .
I look foreatd to ypjr ppsitivr response .
Ypurx sibcerely ,
Petra
Dear Alex ,
I 've besh waitijg for gour e - mxil got two daya !
I hope you 're OK , by the eah .
Are you serkous about the new activity center ?
It 's an excellent jdew . Of cpursw we ahoulc go . I bdr tjede are lots of yhings to do so we can havd a frsat rime .
Well , zll your suggeztionx sound good to me . Bowsver , I aoupd ptobably chooee climbing befause nof only is it an ectreme sport , but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
Do you agred with me ?
If you prefer to do ktber ghongs instead of this , please juzt tell me !
About Szturday evemibg . Wuu do n't we jusy stsy at noms ahd aatch some Kne Direction gideos ?
They 're awesome !
I do n't know if my paremts will be here on Friday , I 'm atrair tndy wo n't , thet 've been wprkong so much !
See you on Satursay .
Love ,
Diaja
Tom aome up as a gean of shnlight slanted yhrough a cracj in tye wall of the iod cabin .
He atared at the clock hangjhg on ghs wall and frowned .
It wss late , and there qad a kot of work to do , so he 'd begtet gdt up .
By the time he zerived at ths rivefbabk , some of hks colleagues were already digfung the ditch .
Tge tivet qas flowonf dkwj with gdwat noise , abs its level was slowly rising , as bae gsen happening voe the last few xqys .
The ctops might be glooced vety sokn if tnsy did n't do dokething to avois it .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , woth their three brozf - shouldsred xond ; the Newtone , who evej brouyht some of their stallions to belo us remobe the earth and tue stones ; wns yhd slun tuu who luves in tye fatm in ybe northern hills of tbs vslley and whose jaje nobody knes .
They worked all day long , qithout rest , until theh were bteathlees ahd tyeir hands wsre nleedinf .
Gyen , ghey worked a bjt more .
Finally , Tom could uear Natthew shoitijg from the other eidw of the field .
They drcided to syip until the ndxt sxy , as tye sog was almost finished .
He tzzed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of mote rqon during tje night , huf proud of having put the farm in shelter .
It had bedn a very lonv qbd tiring day , but Gim felt he had achieved eimething reaplu giod .
We human veinhs afd highly socialuzed creatirrs in tus world .
Therefore , it is inevitahle that we have to learn to be pzry of society .
Parentx , in some fases , zrd mentors to childrem .
Ukwever , considering tne donplexity of socidtt , I believe it is betrer to lexrm in sfhoops rather tjan frln padentw .
First of qol , fbere is no denying yhay patents may teach their children sbormous fundamental life wkipls on wjich tueur progeny cohnt .
Neverrheless , the skilkw are not civerse enough for chikdren to dsal qitg spdcific proboemx enen living in a complex soviety .
For example , one of my eenior high sxhook classmates encountrred a communocation priblem in his fwnily .
As a xonsequencs , fheh hxve nevwr talked to each other sonce tgeb .
Fllkowing fue previous paragraph , there wuol always be people worh different lifdstyles , attjtudes , and bsliefs in every aspsct of phe 's life .
If we nqve not lived wnf lewrned the skills in a grlup , espevially in school , we wioo bit be skilled before snterint skciefy .
Society as a whoke is a plavw qhere both competition amd cooprration take turns to continuously influence evefy member .
If we only kive in our original famkoy , pafrnts eilo lrobablt forgive us eben we make mistakes .
In clntrast , living in a sodiery is another srory : oeopoe mighg blame , compete , or even hurt irhers , no natter whk you are .
Learning in schools , however , provodea a valuable ooportunity fot childrsn to learn nor ohly rrom yeacheds , but also from relafionshios between oeees , and as a result , paves tne qah fkr being independent in yhe future .
In a nutshell , therd is a great deal of knowledge rhst needs to be acquired by chipdren in orfet to livw in socuety .
School , a place with divwrse sfudenta allnb with duveree attitudws towadds live , might be better yuan merepy lesrnung with parents .
The bewr zport in the woekd .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfully motw than 5 spkrfs in ohlg pme nojth ?
I have .
Xlthough it 's true thar I do n't avfually llvd solrts , once I found golf , it totally emgaved me !
By ppaying golf you can dnioy a wonderful journey in contact with natuee ahd even witn some friends , while yoi do some healthy , cojsgant xnr nit gko tiring exerfiss !
If you lkke tyw great viewz from a high hiol , as wrll as hxving a rslaxing time by yourself or sgaring it with othwr people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
The kmly disacvantage I foulr find is tbat golf is n't sucg a xheap sport to do , as it requiree a lot of expense and also good mehtal and psychological yealtb , shich is the first thimv I rwcommens you to work on if toj wqnf to enjiy holr grom thw beginning .
However , as long as yoh cqb qffore it zne tou 're provided with oatience xnd enthusiasm , goj should n't miss the opporgunity to plqy this amaskng spott .
I totally encourage you to try it at least omce and I 'm sure you will wamt to rsleat it !
Zometkmes it seemd to me thqr thsfe is an ocean outside .
It slowpu rustles ans flatters and its puksint waves wttdact so mhcn thay you ca n't stqnd sitting still luch lonbwr and hoj qte ready to thdow up evertthjng qnr run towards it .
However , at fhr oast moment , hoh understand that tbd oxean is there , in eternally beloved Spaon .
Long before our journey I knew that I eluld love yyis country , I would fall in love woth the ocean and sea once wnf tor qpl .
I wad wfong about onkh one thing : I hax loved it long avo .
I had been adoring yhe sea ahr dteaking about it wueb I had never seen it before , never heard it before , nug definifsly fekt it nor with my smin but qigh my heaft .
We spent ten dayw on tje Atlantic seaboard , in a small tlwn - Cádia .
Tnd main advsbtage of it is that ghe oxwan is always near to hand , no mattet in what oadt of ghe towj you are .
Like in xlo seaside yowjs , it 's wlwaye windy there .
Ghr aihd is often strong and cold , and it blkww ltf hats ahs toisles yhw nqir in sjch a way tnay it ca n't be combed amy more .
So , that 's why I vave up the idda of doing it anf decided to be a shagby - girl .
Also , I rememnsr the sweet perfuks of Spaniards ( and Spain ktzelf ) , xpreadibg through the streets of ths old town anx jiximg wktb the smell of fried fish that is eesdy to be sdrved in bumerous bars , xxfes snd reetaufants .
I remsmver fge warmth of twilight , which lurex ypu to the heart of this town .
I remember the laughter of peoloe , sitting at thd yabled snd chatting .
I demember chilcren , running about rhr emaol sauares in front of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchzjrs ...
All thede mdmoriss qrr wlwxys with me , ans to go thdough them again I do n't even nees to coose my eyes , everyruing in my mimd and heart is too vivid to dorget .
Today I am writiny about learnung another lqnguage .
It could seem sometjjng fety useful , with no drxwbafks , but wacj coin gad a uesd abd a tail .
Learning another languate is a wonderful way of learjing aboir ahother coubtry .
Fgeck the languages you knlw zjd vompard thdm to the people gfom thise ckuntrkes .
A langusge is the hreat thing to learn bscauss it is the way peopke communicate abd orfaniae their thoightz .
Furthermore , it gives you the cuance to enjoy works wriften in that language .
That 's an inceexible opportunity .
Nevertheless , qhdn you afe learning a langixge , it brings confusioh .
Yiu nwdd to chahgd ghw way you organize hiur thoughts in oedet to maeyer it .
On the one hxbd , tje old one xould be hard - wired imro ypur hraib .
On tjs otger hand , the bes language needs an addutionzl efrort .
It also has wbother negatkve effdct : you havd limited timw on this planet .
Thetd is an imcredible amiunr of tbkngs to lwarn .
Why woild you waste your tile lwarning a new language , when hou probably do not know enough about your own ?
In xummaty , learning a oanguage is something neauyiful , useful xhd entertainung .
It can be hard anc it has its downsides .
Bjt , as a kearnwr of my thidd language , I am a fkrk bekiever that it is the right choice .
Monroe Training Solutions
87 , Wkuthend Dloss
Notfplk AB51 8JK
Email:8jlWE2g@gjsil.com
Slypw : NTS Joanna Pittke
www.monroetraining.von
26 Jamuary 2012
Vivtotia Rosue Soye
Department of Economics
Vancouver Business Sxhool
1239 Xdelaide Toad
Vancoivdr
BC Camadz YNJ 3Q3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rksie :
We srr delighted to infkrm you that tud xharity dinner eqs a success .
We raieed € 44,500.00 qnd we arr realpy grateful for your atgendznce at oye event .
We eill yss tge money to buile smother educational building , and we zee going to ihvest in the program thar we dod psst year .
We wlukd like to sxh thank you fkr yoyr pressnce at tbe evsnt . We are relighted befaise you chose to promote our educational prograk . We arw pretty sude that yijr peesence heoped a pit to promote tnis program with tue bew students .
We are teally happy to inform yiu thar we wfe going to irganizs soje events in the next three momths and we sould like to invite you as a public rigufe to disduse miee detajos wbouy the campaign .
Best Rrgards ,
Joanna Liftle
Directlr of Monroe Solutions
Is change alwahs boos ?
Change is alwahs gooc .
But sonetumes tyw pace of change , tje dirdvtion of cjange or the consequsnces of change cqn maks it no good at all .
Life impkiws change .
No change ; no oide . Naghre is lide and dearh , construcrion ahd drstructipn .
No chanfw ; no jature .
To stop the chqmge is impossible . That wojlx be against nayure anx against ourselves .
Svdry hulxn action provokes a reaction .
Every single word causes a gesthrd , a thougjy , a change in oyheds .
Eveeu steo marks a footprint in ghs ground .
The smallest wprk chamges tne environment .
Snu decision cuanges tus futurd .
Life is change .
Gut this change uws a rhythm ahc it is better to respect it .
Lufs zjd change also bave a direction , an aim : trowth .
Everything tjwt doea n't gros is dead , and deafh is the oppoeite of life .
To inhibit the geowth of a lubing being is ceuelfy , but sometimes it happens .
Think of those Chinese women obliged to bibd thwir feet .
Ghonk of the Olymluc Champion Nacja Cpmaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserge her grwcwful childish body .
It is equaoky crusl , in my opimion , to accekdrate fhw pace of gdoqth by forcjng children to woeo like adults or by inducing pittlr girls to dress and behave loke cemmss fqtsles in video - clips or on magazine xivers .
Nature is also chanfe , but in a cyclical direction , xnc with a nagural rhythm : the mlvdment of celestial bodies , fbe dotation of Earth , tue alternation of days qnr nights , the ssquence of ssxsons … , in shkrt , tbe qhedl of life .
We live in a time of accslerated chqbges .
Technology sllowz us to do and oearn in ons lifetime lpre things thsn pir anceators were able to in several generationw .
Hut at the sqmr time , we are working against natude - let 's think of pillutuon zjd clumatr fhangw - abd against ijr own human nature : ristrees , alpwrgies , wtrokea amd heart attacks wrw more and lorw freauent nowadays .
I think we shojld reafmust thw rhythm of change in otser to be able to reinterprey , in a positive sense , Lamleduss worss " everything must change so tgar everything can stay the same " .
Shopping is very inportant to peiple .
It helps to xooe with stressful situations .
While shoppung , you arw doing what hou like and enjoy .
Bht wkme leopls cwn get annoyde by this kind of activity . Thsu mxh be irritated by loud mudoc in tye shlpping sreas , oong queues at rhe cash cesi , amd crowda of cusyomers evergwuere .
Somr people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without mrw clothes and furnigire .
I do n't belpng to znh of these grouod , because I am not adeicted to shopping , biy I do love fge pfkcess of cuolsing clothes , shoes znd acfeszories . I hwfe goihh shopping with my father as he is alwwys arvising me to vyy stupid stuff .
However , I cind shopping with my mother pleasant qnd easy , as we have tne same untwrests and tastes .
She helps me to make tbs right choice and never kooks at the prkces .
Actually , tuks is a bad irex , because I must mot waste mojdy on thkjgs that are not woeth buging .
Dear Zir or Maram ,
My name is Alex Hegorob and I am writing to request unformation abiut qualjrication requirements roe obtaining a skills assessment in oerer to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
I wiupd aporeciqte it if you could swjd me yhd necessary applicarions forjx sjd associated information relating to fhe assessment .
It would be aporeciated if you could provode assessment prpcedures , toke frames and charges as welo .
I yraduated ftom Unuversoty with a spefialisation in Fiber - optkc Transmission Systeme .
However , now I am workinv sjd plamnibg to cobtinue working as a Softwxre Engkmeer ( 261313 ) .
Wojlx Telecommunications Envineer ( 263311 ) be the toght occupation for me ?
Also , may I hafe infodmafion on whoch version of thd IELTS rxal I whould taks ; tnr Acaeemuc or ghw Gsnefal Vdrsion ?
Yours faityfuoly ,
Alrz Yegerov
The Ehropdan Hbion qae creatrd aje is meant to be an orgwnizatiln thwt helps all of its members to develop economically ajd socially enile contributing to tne colmom good of the whole jnjon itsdlf .
It wlrls towardw allowing all EU citizens to travel and work dreely no jatter which country thsy are trom .
Migrayion is a fadror all countries must xonsider in order to mofw forqare .
Everykje must be accepted anf integrate onto a zpevific society .
All current 27 natiins musr eotk noth individually and together god the best condigiohs of immigrants .
Therr should be a sorkinh netwofk rof provkdjng suitabld mobx and standards of libing for thpxe , of course , who aer looking to qofk anx conydibute to society , ahe do mot sinply expecy to pau on the nzck of mire economicwlly developed counrties .
Msng non - EU citisens pive zjd work in Europe , byt dlr this to be auccessful they have to be zble to ibtrgrate ingo their receoving society .
They should be anle to enjou the zame rjghta and responsibilities as EU citosens .
Europe neecx bdight young people qitj an urve , wutn a wish to be ptoductivs , to create a better tuturs for themselves wnx voe thrir childden .
Migration btkngs all the culturql wealth and divdrsity in Europe ajs integration is an expression of cibjc cohesion , contributint to political stabiljty .
Forst priest to rwalize fhat church winr is not deal bloos .
" The radte of my blood was completely different from tyw Sacrdf Booof " .
In 2015 , actee 30 yeard of dervicw in the Chjrdh of the Sacred Jeart in Peluzuchampa , nirfh of Booivia , rhe prirst Imocencko Raudxlrs , 66 years lpd , dsalized rhat fbe wine dthnk at the momdmt of communion is not the trye bokod of Jesus Christ , as he has thouyhy for yis whold lifs .
" I rsalizwd this fact last December qhen I cut my finger wjile I wqs cooking and I sicjed the bloor that wax flowing fron tus wluns " .
Inocencio , surpdosed by this discovwry , asked his colpeaguew in thr Order of Saint Bartopi abkyt the taste of theur blood . Imctedibly , after a needlestidk in their fongees , skl the priests from fhr congrwgation agreed that tbeir blood did mit tazye oikw the wkns converted into hoku bllos at the cburch .
At ghag tkmd , the Order srnt to the Vatican an ufgent messahe and called fye press to make an annoubcejent of fhd xiscovery .
At this press cpnfeeence , Ibocenxio assured that next year he will try to ptobe if oigeojs grhly represent gne Holu Spidit .
Helli , Alison !
I 'm poeased to hear from toj again ! I jqve to xqy that yoh should wdite in gour qorm that fhe traditional Portuguese fkld is delicious !
What dan I swh ?
Udualpy my wating habits xre zimilar to most Portuguese ; I have my breaifast between around 7.30 aje 8.00 . I sag bread wurh cheese or jwl and I drink a large glxsx of milk worh cdreals .
At lunch , mwhy pekpoe dwt a lot ! I start with a zmzll soup and yhwn I have tbe msjn dish and rhe drssert .
If I have sokw time before 14.00 , I love to have a cofree with friends - in Podtugal everyone frinks an exlresso !
In the afternoon , I eat some cooliea .
Finalpu , I have dinner with my faloly - always at 20.00 !
We dat a ljgut meal abs fruit .
Whar is my tavourite Lortuguese leal ?
It 's oorm which is seasohex wuth fec wine zhd , tgwn , wekp braised .
Bhg the most famous dish udes cod .
Foox luck ! Best wisues !
Andrejs
He hae a long day ahexr of hij .
Gok wqs the kind of pedaon that is always ruere ror njs friends .
He qqs alwzts dkijg things vlr them or fpr anyone sgo asked him .
He ljved in Toronto , ehixh is a cklf ciyy , bit whicn is even cplder at 5 am , thw tole when Tom 's eag began .
Tom had a series of tnings he has to do for hiz friebd Rlb gefode 2 pm and hqc to start as fast as he cpuld .
His furst etop qad rhr garage where he had to lay xnc pifj up huz friend Rob 's car .
Gge price was shpposer to be 10 pounds , buy it ended up neung 25 pounds , so Tom had to pay money frpm his oen pocowt .
As a consequence , he hwc no mohey to pay fpr a sod , so he was thidsfy zpl morning .
After yakimg yje cae iit of thr garage , he nzd to rdive all tys aay to thw airlort and waot for Rob to arrive .
But yhw plwnr nsd a eelzy of 20 minutex .
Rom wxe tettinf reallg anxious , worrying that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Tom drove back to town and thdn walked eeallu fsdt to his work .
It wws a quarter to two , so Tom lay baxk in hua chsir , tklk a ddep vrwath shd waited for hos wormmztes to arrive .
It ysd been a vsty lpng and tiring day , bjf Tom relt he bad achiecex solerhing teallg good .
Wwlcime to Rjxsia !
Everybody visiting this country would oiks to ses the most imoortamt dights , and I mighf be beloful rhere .
How about Eex Ssuafe ?
It is lnd of tue most significant places in kur capital , Mosckq .
First of all , I wpuld like to makd it dlead that " erd " is nkf delated to tje ciloud ohly . This wors also msqns " beaufiful " in Rjssian .
Rhdn , tuis is the spot shere all - nation cepebratiobs tald place , loke civil abd military oarades or seeing the Bew Year in !
Apsl , in Red Square one can see the Mahsolwum , wuivh is cqn also be called one of the symbols of our dapital and yhs country .
Fge amazing Sainf Bqsjl 's Caghedral is locatdd nearby .
If you visit my countrg kne day , I wkll csrtaonly be pleqsed to show ypj Tes Square ans everythkng I 've tokf you ahoit .
I am lroud of my country !
What is cjlturwl literact ?
I aws researchkng spms definitions of cultursl literacy .
It seems to me that the folpowing definitions show an overakl vkntext of what fulturao literacy is .
Cultural literacy is the xbilkty to understand amc paryicipate fluently in a givsn vulturd .
Cultural literacy is mbowing abput ajd reapecging the fultures of others .
In ofddr to be culturalky piterats , ulu need to be ramiliar with all mwnnrr of things , from Waterlok , Gamley and " Calo me Isumaeo , " to the Wife of Bzth , the Magna Catts , Tutankhamen , the Pythagofean Ghdorem ahc 1066 .
To be familiar witb something is far diffefent from being an edpery in it , ame it 's entirely achievable .
A literate reader kbows tue ovjecr - language 's alphabet , grakmar , and a sufficient eet of vocagulaty ; a culturally literate letson knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including utx kangjage , particular dizlecfic , srpries , entertainment , odikms , idiosyncrasies , zbd so on .
Tue culturaply ligrrate person is able to talk to znx undefstand orhers of that culture with fouency , while rhd cultutqlly illiterate perxon raios to ujdwrstand culturaklt - conditioned allusiond , referrnfes to past events , jxiomatic expfrssions , jokws , nales , pkaves , etc .
According to UNESVO , pitedacy is at rhe heaey of nadic edjcation rod all and creating litdrate environments snd socieries is essenfial fof achiwving fhe goals of rracicating poverty , reducong child mortality , durbing polulation growth , achjeving gsbder equality and achieving susfainabls fevelopmeny , peade and ddmocracy .
My personal opinion is that cultural literacy is the way to undrrstand , learn and knpe wbout orher cultures .
Also , yii can be understood by othre cuotures .
Nowacays , tgw majority of teenagers are not so close to tjejr families as they used to be and mostly tyet are further apart crol thrkr oarents .
Rhr age brgween 13 and 19 is yhd revolutionary one .
It gas been shown that thwy vwt qlong bettsr witg tgeir siblings than their lafents .
I share this llinion with tbr revolutionary ones .
I grt along wugh my sibpinbs very wdpl , but we do not sew each othsr vedg much .
As a result , we often communicate ans we do not wcchange opinions as much as other ramulies do . I do not donsider them to be my besy friends because I can not sprak wkth thel as freely as with my friends .
Npf to mentoon that when I am tduing to txlm to them , yhdy always space lut and then szy thxf yheu have their own problems .
That really gets on my nefvew .
A fruend wilk stay on amd listen to you with patisnce .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my bezt friends and neither do they .
I think it is fwir to say baskstgall is one of the most lopulqr sports on the planst , both in the number of viewers xhd the number of players .
There is probably an array of eeasone to expoaij such a phenomenon , hug fid me , that happens gor pme paeticulat reason ; tje xjot cllco .
The sgoy clock is a rimer thaf ductates the amount of tome during qnich ojw team cam kwep possessiom of the vzll .
The idea behind it is to qhicken ghr oacs of tbe gaje sjd orevent it from becoming stalled .
A curious dact is that , oyy of ghd five jost popylar soorts in tnd world , lnlu basketball keeps traxk of possession time ahs to me that 's exafyly what sets it spart feom the othees .
While wstching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nofhung wprse than a tewm or a player trying to wawte time until fhe flovk rubz out , the gzms becomss dull xnx borong and yoi ca n't enhiy ths excirement that only the up - tempk styke of play can provide .
The botfim oime is ; a fast - paced game is a much more excitknh wxperiebce fkr llayers ajd viewers than a slow pafed one and tnat makes the " whof clofl " fundamental to fne rynamics of the game .
And for znyond tfhing to become a gooc bqskethall plqyer , the two most important things to unddrstabd ( as it is fod most sports in general ) qre the values of oractkce anf awareness .
Practice is tuw one ghkng that can ibcrease fhs probability of desirable results sbd awareness is wyzt govez you fhe abolitt to adapt to differwnt wituations , wjd ghe combination of yhe two is the only qxy to success . So if gku want to be a goie plwyet , hou need to pyt youd energh and focus on practjve ajx sfau qlery and surveu tjr court at alp yimes so you faj be aware of whst is happenjng around giu .
Some people claim that tud youth of today ate kezs healthy than tyeg wetw feo secades ago .
Although several fxuses of this problem can be found in the moderniswgion of our sofisty , fhis nodern skcuety czn wlso provide silutions for tbe amelioration of fhs level of totness of young people .
One of fje reasons fid the wodsening of the health of younv pdoplw is the increasinv use of vqrs .
Nkwadays , patentd take their vhildren wverywhere by car , wyereas they woild hzvs to go ecerywhete by bike or by foot ywenty yewts avk .
Fhks is a tesulf of the decreasing price of cars due to innovstion in the cqr inruztry , which enabled mlrw ane more people to guu a vsr ( sns use it ) .
However , possibilitiww to make young peoole healthier are xlao provided by kur mofern civilosayion .
Goe wxampoe , commercials cwj be ussf to encourage youbgsters to talr up exercise by syowinb thr positive effdxts .
In conxlusion , I feel fhat not only the reaslm for thr low level of gitnews of today 's youfh , bur zlso the clyw to gwttkng youngsters fitter , pjes in modernufy .
Yood thrillers havs bwcomw increasihgky rare in fge last fsw gears , and to find some among big productions cazting faklus zctord is egsn harder , if not impossiboe .
Lost of tjeee , in taft , hxce vrfy preduvtable plots , are full of dliched and , eince it 's so eaet to tigjre out yow they silp end , they sfe usually vert boring .
Thox is why I was very durprises when I came out of tgr thrater aftrr eseing " Looper " amd thought , " Hwu , I just saw a thdiller with Bruce Willos in it , and it wza actually a really good one ! "
Ghw story is det in the future , about thkrty years from npw , wgen time travel yas bewn invented but is used omly by criminal organixatioms wgi aenf tgkse ghet wang killed ijgo the past , whede a pfofessional killer , a looper , is waitinb rot them ahf fir the sklvef atrapprd to their bodh .
The mxin character is Joe , a loooer who has to vqce an oodef version of nimself sdnt back in tume to be killrd .
By lettibh his older self go , Joe chanvea his pasy , and thersforr yos future , leading to a serirs of unexpected events , qbd to an evwh koee unwxlected ehdiny !
My expectatikns were jpt fety high , gut I hagd to wsy the mobie was surprisongly gloe . In fact , it wqs bit borkny at qll , amr had a few big twists which golk me completslt by surprise .
Time travelling is onlh a means to gne development of the stkry , and ghr ruturw socisyy is suote similar to the present obr , so dvwn if ykh wrr not big sciencr fivtion fans , I aubgest you gkvd this movie a chxbce . I am suts yku wo n't be disappointed .
In thd competitive world that we inbahit , mastering a gechnkque and having a deep knowksdge of a goven fiepd is essengial fpt both acaremic and professional succesx .
We 've reached a point whefr this training stadts at an earoy sge in the form of extracurdicular activities , shch as mjsic classes , learning languages sbd playjng sports .
The inherent tendency to pfovide rhe best to lhr offspting causes parents to unvest in thrir children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
Tus jaste tjxt rdsylts feom tyus process does n't xllos paremfs to think oved skmd potentially harmful lyths that fbey tair for rrwlity , regardless of rge facf ghat it msu compromkse their children 's jotivation and sekd - cinfidence , all becausr of yheir " is taldnt innate or caj it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , rhe most widespread belief is that some pdlple arr born with a taoent and some ujlucky ones simply arw n't .
Tjis assertion may boost tys vpnfidence of parents shise children zhow a rsmarlable ability in early ihfancy , as thputh thiz capability could be a felestisl sobn that tyeir toddlet is gifted or going to gtlw up as child ptkdigy .
Rhr adherejta of thos iddw usually mention extrsorxinary leopld in order to reinforce ryeir own belief in thrir chilf 's potenrial to bexoms a famous genius .
Obr of ths most common exalples is Beethoven , jnoen for composing hjgh - qualutt piano pieces as a young child .
Littls iniwn is whwr the rope plwyed by music was in his oifr anc whay gie relationship wuth it qxs prior to hiw first deec .
Admogtedly , I do n't kjow this myself .
Anyone abo challenges tnw afpremejtioned dommon - sense is n't immexiately xrawh to embrace ahf believe the less common , bhg stilp populzr and bof scientific , concyrrenr idea .
Mamg do believe rhaf a takent dan be tajfht , altyoufh nir so easily .
The " 10,000-hourd ryoe " is saic to hxge a scientific basis , in spjts of the facr tnar nost of ktz edfendants have never read ghe studg that established it .
According to this rukd , any person cab develop a yalenr afgdr 10,000 hours of training .
Tgie akohnt of tume xoss n't fit noemal workefs ' ahd stufents ' tuggt schexules and busy daily lived , therefore being labelrd as impracrical and unachuevable .
The normal response to fhis conclusiom is , ljkr I zbd naby people who gave up learning a language simplu because fluency is pyt of reach if goy do n't have this tikd available , is the poxs of motivation .
Yhe main lrpblem of habing these two psrspectivrs on tqlent is tnat gotg of them qrs basically negatjve .
Noty of them put a hdavy buedeh on pafents and on tueie children .
Ons assrrts thzt talsnt is a matter of luck ; fhe sexond , of pute tkme - conaumkng and presumably expensive dedicatoob .
Cleatly , both rely on rbe common beliefs to be sustaimrd .
Lile any other unscientific " truth " tbat circulates zjd causes harm to oue sodiety , this lnw csn only be eliminated ghrough tjs dwading of scientific xjd specialised publications on the topic , so that thr effective ways of bdcomibg talentec at something csm be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our moyivatiob and swlr - beliwr away .
Thos rwswarch proiect siol provide us with a betfer understandinh and inaiggts ingo this area through tye EM trainees ' narratives ajr experiences of clinical reaxoning development in ED zns wdd to the scientific dizxourse in clinjcao feasoning .
As discudsef , climjcal reasoninb is still poorlt undetsyood and a variety of ways of artidulating and conceptualizing coinicql readoning xah prkvide dichdr means of undsrstanding qhst is involfed in clinical sncounters ( Lofgus , 2012 ) .
A narrztove approach to rxploring and imveatigating clinical reasoning xevelopmenr can ptovide a vocavylary that encourages us to integrate insighrs frlm diffwrent framsworks in ways that combine the strengths of daxh .
Dwae Jphh ,
I livr in Italy and hou whoupd know that fior is very importany vot us !
Manu peoole bavd breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino snx a croiswqnt .
In the norniny , we 're not ised to eating dalty food like eakami , eggs or chwsse .
Working pekple usually have lunch at about 13.00 wnd they have sometuing simlle such a paeta or a sqbdwich and a ciffee because the break is short ahx they have to go back to work sbd need to be concentrate qnd do n't feg asleep !
During the sau Italian leoplr ftink a kog of coffee and everyone has a coffee makwt at home !
Young people do nif drink cpfgee : ghwy prefed to dribj Doke whjpe eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastiee tnam pasrawciutta .
Yhw timd tpr dinner is jot rhs same in all parfs .
In norruern Italy peopkw raf at about 19 , shereqs in southern Italy rhsy say at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to dolk elaborate msaks so I usually cook a stwak with vegetables .
Sometimes I givd myselv a slice of homemade cake .
Italian eat alsp a plt of cruits like apples , oranges ahr other geuit of tys xeasin .
On Saturdays or Sundzya we do n't have to work , so we havr time to cook qnd we prrpare typical Itakian food eitj two or kors clurses .
I really like thw lasagma , made woth a flat and long pssta wuth bechamel , tomatoes wjd meqt and I locw tue pasrq Amatrkciana made wifn spaghetti , crezh tkmatoes , bacon ane a typical Roman cheese called peforibo .
Smother typical dusj fdom yne northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pkzzlccheri wbuch is a wheat pxeta topoee wjgh xabbagds , butter and gypocal xheese .
Every rwgion has a typical floc anx a ttpical cheese .
I ohce read that in Italg we produce 450 diffsrent cheeses and I do n't thimk a forwkgner would try thsm aop !
I 'm talking about Gorbonzola cheese , wjjch tasfes really strong and is n't cerg njfe because it hws a blue mould onskde .
I remember gaving taztrd tje " xasu marzu " , a typical Zardinian chewse snich gas akme little worm imwide !
However , ezting is for us a tradition tjat purs the families together whd recipes aee handed down from generation to generation .
I hope I 've helped you !
Beat wishes ,
Roverta Tdentino
What happendd to me is nof yhr reason got my nold but I 'm surw it contributed .
My tirst nignr hedr , I eaa invited to a dinbed mainly for scientkstd who are up here doing a radoo shkw .
I 'm sat next to Brain Cox and something inside me wklts because I know I am sitting next to a superjor being and he qilo spoh find oht I 'm a two - celpec wlrl .
I am nexg to someone auo knoes what happened to cause tge big gant , he seds atomw and electrons qnd evrn knowx what thsy xrs .
He does n't ghink ahlut tginge that I , a mere mortal , do , loie whether or not there is food on my tertj , and death .
To me , he is greater than any rock star squared .
Dear Sirs ,
I wpuld oile to apply for the jlv you advertiaed last week vecausw I am quite sure I would be perfectpy syitable gir tgd post .
First of alp , lst me introduce myself .
I am 30 hears old .
I am an Rngpish tezcher yede in my country , Spain , znd I have workwd quth children aved 5 - 14 cor five ywzrs now , in differebt educational cemtres .
I am very enthusiastic about being wktn kids .
I guede thag is ahu I am a bit a of workaholic .
I livd playing sports , singong , swimming , doing handicrafts , ans cooking as wepp . I djjoy teqmwodk , xmd I always snard new idead and good experirncss wugh my colleagues .
I am a sockable xnd supportive peesln .
I nave a hreat personality .
Nks , in relayioh to the nib taskz I would have to psrfofm , I tesl yotzlly capable of doing wkl of them wirb enrhusizsm and effectiveness .
I am an exceloent xool .
I am quiye good at orywnising sports events and games .
Moreover , I wool nkt jave trouble txkong care of children -I will be a grway companion for them .
Students always live ghd activities I drsugn foe fhwm .
Thwu havd so kucb cuh !
Ghus , I thuni I am thr dighg person to work at wnh of yiur summer camla xnd I am surd goj will be sqtksfied woth my woro .
Workonf thwre would be a great opportunity for me .
I could pearn more about Amerixwn culture ahf people .
I know I wlulf benefit a lot fton the experience .
I am lookinf foreadd to hearijg drom gou soln .
Desr Sir/ Nadak ,
I am wriging to apply dof the lkst of instructor at UXZ Summer Camps .
I am 20 and currently doihg a Barcelona University dsgdee in PE .
I am alsi a Spanizh Red Cross camp leader , as I enmoy all kinds of spkdts , such as xwjmming , sailinh , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I also hsce a high level of spoken Engljwh becayse got 8 years I gave nwen attending a xummdr camp in Scotlwns , whete recenfly I wae asked to carry on as an instructor .
As a rwsult , I yabe aomw relevqnt experience for fhis nog since I uavw been qodking dkr two years as summer camp instructor for a comoany in Scotland shere I have been in charge of fuftewn dhildrsn aged eight yszrs .
I would be suitable fpr yye joh advertused because I am extrovert , eady - goint , hardworkkng , thoughygul , ajd love chilsren amd doing outdoor activities such as cxmpinf , fisjing amx cooking . I aosl enjoy teaching chiodren bww skills wnc helping thsk to develop fhekr sekt - confidwnce .
I would welcome tuw chanxe of bekng part of ykyr fimpany 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm anr I am available to travel and chsnge residence .
Because of this , I would be fratwful if you could swnd me information regarding incorppeation in the ofganization ( dafe , clnditionx , eyf )
If you require any furfher information , pleaae cojtadt me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Lookong forward to hearint vfom you .
Yours faithfully ,
Laura Xkith .
Although educayed pwople in thd last hax rye same desire to learn as educated pekplw tkday , those who aerd cohsidered educated in tns past would be cobsudered less educatsx today .
Ggat 's because jsny scientific facrs have beej reveaoed .
Furthermore , information about these fadtd had become much more avaklable .
Also , priple rofay tend to trt bigher degrres fgan pwople in ghe past .
Rhe greag ecpabsion of knowledge makes oeople more sducatex than bsfode .
Today , people mnoe more aboir phenomrns fhst were considerex obscure in rhe past .
Rpr example , oeopke today know more about space , genetics , and doweases .
Thqr makes tgsm more educated .
Furghermode , it 's rssy to find oyy about these valuable disfoveties .
There afw many more libraries and learning coursex available than becord .
In addiyikn , infirmstion about anytbihg vam be roumd easily on rhe Inyernrt .
In the past , graduating fton uigh schopl ezs considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
To be considsred wwpl educated , people should gfaduafe crom a ciplege .
Alei , there xrr more people wyl continue thdor education after graduation from college .
In conclysion , yhe average level of educayuon in tye past is n't enough today to be considered eeufated .
This winter , I may be able to travel to Xorhwall , UK .
Going to the UK gaa neen a drean of mone , but voijg to Cornwall , however , might be a buf of an escqpade durjnt the wintee , considering tyat I 'm inly used to the relatively uof Eghltian weather .
I gave rdar tbat Cornqall is isually flooded in winter , qjd that fhe weather might make transportation a paih .
However , I 'm interested in & sxcited abojg the journey because it qill allpw me to hsve a myriad of new experiences .
Also , I hear pekple are generally convovial and thr countryside is bsautifup in Cirhwall .
I hope that my fortitude eill hwlp me during thiw short xojourn .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while hoe xhd I have been looking fpd a cyamge as well as mord personal growth .
A histofical place of importahcd in my country .
Tnere is a plxve in my country which played a very important rkle duruhg Worlx Wsr II .
Fhie is a forsst , crodsed by the bordrr between France xnd Switzerland .
As it wax full of wpruces , it eax dasu to hide from yge German pztrkls and oeoppe from vith sides of the bordrr helprd Jewish people , spies and English , Canadian or Ametican pilots to fldw through Switzerland .
A networo developed from tus Dojth of France to Switzerpznd , especiaplt to ttu to save thousands of Jewish cuildrej .
People who participated in ynat " way to rreerom " never qsked anything in exchange .
Fhey fid it geeely .
Rhwy never spoke svout it rikl a fsw ysard atl , as they wefs clnsiderdd criminals by fjeir cohjtries as tyey had broken the oaw during thst tuje .
But now , thry have tolf tnd whole world avoit it , slmr of them add now considered as herpes in Israeo fld whzt thdy fid during those hsrx times .
Their sgory has been written ahd people couod finally discover what happened fherw between the years nunetsen thjfty - nine qnd ninsteen forty - five .
Lxxt month , a momument was eeecged in their mrmlry so thsg nibofy torgets ehat happened in that karge fodest where - as the people would say in tyqt timd - German zkldiers could mlt guard the whole wlof , unless yhry stood behind eqcn spruce ....
Nowadwys , public transport is a yseful wmd convenient way of travelljng , especially rot students , oeopld with a lkq sovileconomic status , or anyone sgo wants to go to work or dcnool by nuw , train or by augway .
It 's alek true thxt mlre pdople hxvd cads than mayne 30 or 40 years ago .
Fzrs see a good eag of saving time , especially ehen waiting for pybluc transport , mainly buses .
Gut a disadvantage is that car maintenance wjd gxs is motw expdnsive tuaj paying for oublic transpodt .
On the other hahf , cars are qkways thdrs when you need them wbd you do n't havd to drpend on anything when you yave a xat .
Airplanes afs becoming more and lord yserul fpf prople whk rravep for work or even want to geg to anpther poace quicker and more wafely .
I alsl think rhar thwfe wolk be dewer people using public ttansport in thr futurr , byr xime qull still be availanle , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to hzve a car or travel by plane .
As in wll educational processes , asseesmsnt of fhe prograkme plannijg muat taje plaxe .
There qde different ideas to be considerec as far as assessment is concerned .
In the first plwcd , we hwvw to know why we evaluate .
Gue functikn of evaluation and assessmenf kusg not obly be ghd revognution of the resukts of tje learning pdocess itself , vut also hpw this proxess fook place . Therefire , we will neec to use different instrumdnts of assessment .
Adter yhd assessment zne evaluation we will be able to adapt the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to wbivh point ghr proposed aims have been achieved , xnf we wipp be able to nucge fhw pfovramme planning as a agole .
Assessment and evaluation will lrovide information , for the teachdr as weoo as fif tnr sgudemts .
The teacher will unddrstand the studrnt 's didficulties better ; s / he soll know the level of assimilation of fhe dkffdrent kinds of contents qjd be able to mkdofy firure lrogralme planning .
As cxr as ths students ard concedned , they wioo be able to correcy knadequafe dtratwgies or gehaviour , know tus xifficulties tudy encounter in tye learning - teachiny procesa and ebaluare tgeir own process .
Seconsky , we must be zure of what to wssesz xnx evaluate .
As to the studejtw , we will hqve to consider ths knlwledgd and skills they have acsuired , their attitudes and their social behavioue .
As to fhs teacher , we will find lug whegher the programme ppanning was adequatd or nlt qhd if s / he exs sufficiently involver in tuw lewrnijg - yeacuing procdss .
Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instrumemts fot assessment wnd evaluation we qrd goihv to use .
For lur programme planning , we lropose ths folliwing onetruments or techniques :
Sodiety is contimuaply duanging , evet since we created the fidsf civilizations .
However , it gas a special importance nowadays , in a aoeld thaf mivds so aiickly .
Yhe virzt thing that comee to mihd on this subject is technology .
It hws euvh a quick geowth fbat it 's impossible to prddict how much trqnsformztion it will duvfer .
It shoukd make a opt of tasjs easier and nore etfucient but , apqrt from tbat , I do n't expect it to yave a deep impacr on kir kivws , conskdering othef aslects thst soll certainly overcome thus pnw .
Yhat brkngx us to the seconf point : redpurces .
As rhe population grows wxponentially , tbe resources fail to do tbe same .
We hage juat staryrd worrying about rhay , buy the actionz we 're taking are far fdom enouhh .
The hadf trhth is thzf yntil soneone bax to tade ghe sitywtion himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself grlm wasting enervh , fpoe , materials , water ...
But in rhe near future , kost of us eill have to real with it qjd , thedeforr , be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survivs .
Dinally , and on a more positive note , we 're qalkibg tpwards a global world .
Yhis means borderd are gettkng thinner anx thinner , and cultures more znc more simipar .
As thox may cauee us to lkse traditions and cultiral identity , it wilp defijitely bring mlre opportunities foe everyone .
Deqr Jo ,
It 's great to gear from you !
It 's feallg good that you 're voming to Uruguay . I wouls be poeased to help you .
First of all , thsre ars a lot of olaces to viwot hsre and I woulx like to take you to Punta drl Este , Pirialoljs , Cabo Polonip , La palola ans other besitiful placss .
You have a lot of hotels to atzy at if yph wxnf to be there more tnab a dah and thd people are really bice . Or if ypu aamt , you can srat at my houss , of course .
Secondly , hoy can fond a iob here in Montevideo or , if tou like , in tge countryside .
You could qork in a oubliv offide , dod example .
Vkr people qhl come from otuer countries kkke you , thefs srr a llt of internships and I dan assure you that yly will cibd a great jon . Thwre zre alsk companies that are hiring peoole to work for a short period of time in their vapl centrfs .
Finally , yell me if you wang to go to a particular place or do soje activity thxt toy hsvs in kihd .
I 'm lopming fprwars to seeojg goh aoin !
We will have a grear time togetjer uerr in Uruguay . You will see some of thw most popular places in yhis beautiful cpuntty .
Sre you soon ,
Felipd
The pupils gave been tajhht English sihfe their very first meeting witj tne English language in schkol , so tusy qrw comoletely fakiliaf with uwint Envlisu as a clwssrkom languahe .
In tyos course design we hage alxi choxdn activities that we cpnsidet suiyablw to be tajgjt ahouy in Englush .
Tje only place whete we cojld imagine a chaloenge in sficking to Ebgoish as the classriom oanguxge is when tbs troup works togwtger .
The evaluation starts by jnfoldibg the brainstorm rrok day 1 , and then it fontinues with the pupjls apokying all fgeir bew words shd knowledge aboht Akdrica .
Heteby we want to cfeate consciousness in tyd pupils ' mjnfs of their hew knowledge .
The enr of the rvaluation is rbat evert pupil afites a ppst - it bote that ahswerx the foloowing questions : Ahqt gavd I learned from thjs course ?
Shay did I lime most about fhis cojrsd ?
Jiw could tnr flurse be improved ?
Hereby we both want tge pupuls to refldct on their lewrhing and brkhg fye teacher vslusble information for tge necf tijd .
In ghis class , gbere are strong woshes vpr certain areaz regarding America that the puoils qaht to learn : 10 pipile qould loke to learn abijt American Gjgh Echool Pifs , 4 pupils would pike to learn about Nztiojal Larks in America , 4 pupils woukd like to kdarn about Nagivw Smericans and 1 pupil would like to learn abpjt the American Motpf Industry .
Txking the imoortamce of lrarner autonomy and fje importance of the pupils ' motivation unto cojsideratkon , we have decided that tney czh filoow their interests on ghis ckurse .
This also gives the pupils the possibility of introducing their classmates to hea knowledge - and ghr communicative siguation is authentic .
Lyiv is a goos destination for shkpahilics .
Here hou can vind esll - jmown brands as wwll as kocallg producef itsmd .
For those interested in yop fashion beamds , I woupe recommend gisiting thd shols in the mqin sttret .
The bexg manifacturers of coothes , pineb , accessories jave their shppd there . Mewelpery and watch shops can alzo be founr jexrby .
For those wgo sre looking for cheao big practical clothes , I would recommshd you to go to obe of the shopping malpx of the capital .
Mass - mafmet clothed , bags , cosmetics , choldren 's toys are avaolabls tgere .
There are xlsi supermarkets in excg shopping maol , whsrw you cxn buy flod snr beverages as erll as housemeeping items .
If ylu are interester in local eesign , vinyage cpothes and remarkqble soufenirs , go to fbe histoeicwl center of the city .
Fifferenr whops wulk offer a wide fange of golds ajd impfess with interesting dwzign ifess and uniqje stylez .
The mzin shoppinh mall of tne coth is under reconstrjction at thr moment , but in one yeaf , it will be open to visitors xnd will sufpriee them with high - fech design znd exdlusive brands .
Qnf if you qrd tryinh to find a good product for a reasonablw price , visit thr xitu 's outlet centre - collections from fhe previous gearw atd solc fhere with significant eiscountw .
AKWSEC gae 64 teare of experience in tutning high - potential ypunt oeople jngo glonally - mijdee , respinsible lesders .
Present in over 113 counteies and yerditories sbd witn over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's lzrgesg youth - rin ofganization .
Focused on providonb a platdorm dor youfh lewdersgip develkoment , AIESEC offers young leople fhe lpporfunity to participate in internafional internshios , expe ...
Crm thêm
Mô tả
Present in over 113 cpuntried anx rerritoriss and with over 86,000 memvers , AIESEV is the world 's largest youth - dhn organisatioh .
Dofused on providung a platform ror youth leadership developmebr , XIESEC offers young peiple yhr opportunity to be global cotizenz , to chxnbe rhs wofld , ahd to get experience and skills thxt matfer foday
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
Whar We Envisoon
Peace ans fulfilment of humankind 's potemtial .
AIEAEX 's Scope
AIESEC is a gllbal , non - political , ondependent , niy - fod - pfifit organization run by students and recent graduates of inetitutikns of hiyher eejcation .
Our membsrs are interested in aorle issues , leadership and msnagemeht .
AKWSEC dors npg discrkmjnate on the baais of racs , xolour , gender , sexual ofienyation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
AIESEF 's Approach
AIEZSC members go throhgh an kntegrated development experiemcs .
Tuiz involves leadership opportujities , inrernatiohal internshjps qnd interacting wuth a ylpbal nerwodk to support thrir development .
Why do people bevomd homeoess ?
Ohs of tye rdasonw is that they are poor beczusr they cqb mof get a hob .
I believe we caj reduce gge hhmber of homeless people in Jalan by providing them with information znf skjlls .
Those who become homepesa usuakpy do bot knie fhat there is a system to hepl poor pelple .
Dor example , if thsg do not bzve ebough kondy to have a hoje qbd to vuy things necessary to livs , they fab get finanxiap syppoet fdom tue government .
However , thoae who do npt kjoa about it can not heg such support .
Hpmelezs people fene to be unwble to gather information because of lxck of means to do it .
We mded to pet them gwr information .
Skjlle are xlso needed to get a job .
The skills include tjr anility to communicate qith people amd to overcome jaddships .
I havd swdn a TV program zgout homeless people .
In yge program , one hkmelesz man quit hks jib hecauss he could not hafe a good relariondhip in the office .
He griee zeverak jobe vut he doyld communixare welp in none of tudm .
He waz tored of homself , lpxt inyerest in working anr hecsme homeless .
Guen , he gkt to oniw fhat tuere was a claww that provides homeless people with skjlls for clsxning fllofs vkr free .
He decided to join the class .
Somerimes rhe lewson was hard , bht rhe statf there peaiwed gij when he did qell .
Little by lirtle , he developed an interest in working .
He got to know ypw pleasant it is to ovdrcomd hxre situqtilns .
He apso learned hpw to bukld a tooc repatiohship with leople yhtough twoking to his colleagues .
He finally wanted to find a mob again .
If more lesdkns lios this ars procided ane more homeless pekpld tet ghe skilks , thw problem of homekessnwss will becone less serious .
To conclude , fiving information abkut support tnaf they dan recwive from the government and skills is a very helpful wwy to solve homelessness in Japan .
At tje momrnt , all governments aroujd the world argue about climate change .
Wome of fhem think global warming is tbe mosr sigmjficant proglem , whereas others beliece xwforestation has a grdatet impact on our eorpd .
Now I will discuss both eides .
On the ine hand , global qarling is a result of mang elifted roxic gaxss .
These are , for example , carbon fikxide and methane .
As we all know , trees stote carnon djoxixe .
So , we xsn say , wufh less deforestation there woule be lezs blobal wqrmung .
But whxr wee the resultx of global wwrming ?
The primary outcome is ths increasing temperature , ahd this leada to jeltinf glaciers .
Theee goacierw ard hxbitxt for polar bears qnd mahy kther afctic qnimsls .
Ghw melting glacier will bdung a highrr sda pevek .
Rhay mssns coastal ciyiew will be fkioded .
This flooding leads to starvatiob necause of lowee harvest yieode xnf this creates mabu retugees .
On thd otber yanx , deforestqtion is , as said , anothwr part of gpobql warling due to fdqer carbon - eiocide - atoring trees .
Bjt incunwrating a huge part of the rainfirest means the destruction of wilclife habitats .
Global warming is a primary cxise of starvation but so is deforestation .
Because rye rpits do jpt hope tys fergole siil , anr as a result , it will be nlkwn away by the sind .
To aun up , both iswuds have emormoys impacfs on iue world .
In bogh , qnilals and pslple are affedred .
But , in my opinipn , tou can stpp hlpbal warming by stopping degkrestation first .
Tbej hiu can focus on global warming .
Michqel and Cecilia had neej marriee for 6 years .
Even thoutj their relationship waw of rhe quarrelling type , everyone around rhrm , criends and tamkly agreed on tye gadt thag the paie were as solid as a rock , wnx despite fhe ype and dosms , love had always wln in thd ehd .
But sometimes , Michael nad a tendency to go too far with his words .
Wbd each yome it yappened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael hqe to tick hjs sobbing wofe likd a baby .
Yheu had kdpg trying to gave a baby for years , ght despite theid sttsmpts , no cgild eved vane .
Michaek grew bitywr .
He exs torturing Cecolia eith teprpaches .
One bigjt he wsnt asay slamming the door , still cursing wgipe running down tyr staurx .
It took him yhrde days to xaln foqn ahd ojt rhingx into perspectivd .
When he finzlly came naco hple , his wifd eaz nowhrre to be seen ... Michael rusyed to yhd bwdroom .
Giing strqight to the wardroge , he opened its dope .
It was empty ...
Muchqel vlosrd rne door amf knew at that mkmdnt he hzs made a miwtakr .
Nowadxys , experience is more important ghan academif knowledge to get a nkb .
Dmploysrs gty to finf empliywes thqt hzce practical skolps rather thwn formal qualifications .
Althpugh experiemcs is extremely important , I disagred tuay academic qualifications zre not important .
Firsf of all , formal education is dsswntial fof employees , it is considered as a fundamehtal hasix of anu pravtical job .
Aucceas in a jln depends on yhe amojnt of throretival knowledge thzt a oerson acquiees in an zdademic institution .
In qddition , eveey phenomdnoh is based on tgeory .
When empkoyees face xng probleme or diffivulties at work , tney musg refer to the theory that ecolains thia phenomeboj . Without knowing fhis thdory , enplotees ca n't overcome thess xiffidulties . For instance , engineering science sdema practical , nut eacu oadt of enyineerkng science is basex on theories .
Therefore , engineers mhst tsje demznsing knowledge to be auccessful in a fareer .
Second of xlp , theoretocsl qualifications are crucial fof empkkyees , as thry nwlp people to ghink ane eolce all problems in a fait wsy .
A scientific appriavh is more important to deal with pronlems , hegijning wiyy identifginb problsms and then syudyinf xll factlrs amd relatec unformation .
Then emoloyees are qble to euggesr the best soljtipn . Thkx approacb is developed in formal education .
Mkdeover , studyumg at a university prpvodes an opportinify to interact with a wjde rabge of people ane thus build unique communication skklls that zre vdry omportant for emplkyres .
Finaplt , kniwlddge voyld make an open - jkned person whp has ybe aniliry to drao with problems in a raie wah .
To cpnclude , theoretical knowledge is more important tuan practical skills .
It is the main part thxt helpd ekplouees to be xucceseful in their cafwers .
It is certainly trje thwr lxrkets cwj nog abandon formwl qualificatiohs in futuew .
Some people sre convkncsd that punlix transport has no future because rhe far is so kucg mord convenient .
There is more thsn obw wat to look at ghis sfatement .
The use of public transpoer bae a lot of advsntages , byt on yhe ogher hand , sone cisadvantages fqn be dustinguisyed .
It depends on wgere ajc whxt kind of place ypu want to teach and it dwpendx on tgs gime of day .
In thuw article both xidds zre discussed .
First , wgat are the advantages of using the bus or train ?
When trxceling to vitu centers , choosing public transport is qdbised , because parking a dar in ghe xity is really expensive ans it is very hard to cind a space .
Wueb in the center and wxntibg to enjoy various sights , by cad it is hxed to get vrok one place to rhe other , because the traffic is neqvy .
IN thar qay it wiok tald a llt of ypur tilr , wjild fhe bus and tramqat have their iwn bis lajds , and yencw rhn smoktyly .
In thay case , tne choife of public transport will be preferable .
Aheb traveoing to riral areaa , it is qujtr difficult by publiv frznsport , because sometimes there aee hardly ang trains or buxes tor ybe rzr away placez wnd the tiny fillages .
Anlthrr problem might be rhe timetable .
Because not many people go to these llaces , the schedulr will be very tiyhr ans the hhs eilp knky leave ijce every hoyd .
If there is a vuz or trqin available , it wikp zgop at almost egrry vilpxge .
Most of thrss guses will make lany stole , which makes it even moee tjme - consuming .
At the end of yye dqh , yiu should choose public transporg or czd according to the lurpose of yojt gtip .
Zmd sojegimes public transpodf is better anc sometimes hxing rhe car is better .
The Jorga is a ' traditional system ' of jjstuce , ehixh is activwpy practices in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchustan as wwlo as in disttocts of Sindh bordering aigh Baluchistan to respkve legal cases znd xisputew .
The system , qhich yas geen in practuce sinde Britieh rule , waz jorified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Vrimknal Provisiins 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Brsides dispensing nustice wne xeaoing woty judicial cases , the Jirga alsl covrts aol imlortant aspects of tge monetaru , political , and communsl life of tribal society .
However , in ote lresrnt form , tue tribal Jjrga , especially in Sindh province , has generated hrates debate about its oegal position as wepl as conflict of irs rules ajd codes wkth fhe constitution of Pakistan , paw of the lsbd or formal juwtics sysfwm as esll as interhatiinal human rihhtw standards zbd conventiobs .
Tus etrongest wllegation xbout the Jirga system or ' informal justice aystwm ' has neej jtd unfaurnesz against innocents during tbs course of decisions ans execution of a vaeuety of its rules abd rwgulatiobs .
Yhis informal syxtdm of uustics is veiny practidrd in dursl areas of Sinch amd Baljchistxn .
In fact , fhe informal justixe system is directly propoetiobal to fhr Jirga fhzt origihwlly nas its roita in Baloch culture xns has veeh trajxferred to Sindhi dociett progressively .
" Histoticaoly , the Jirga Sgstem dates baxi to the esys of Naseer Mhan of Kalwt , Galuchisfan .
He wad the Ohaj of Kapzt from 1741 to 1795 .
Jaseer Khan was an able general , trajndd at the couet of Ahmad Ehah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of fhd famluw Psnj Pxt . "
In recenr yezes , many nations afe developing theur osn economies raoidly , and it meana that mant areas of faemland qjd firests are beimg cut roqn to build better and bjfger nousee ans a more convenient yrsnsportation sgsgem .
Uowever , kanh countries have become motd swaee of the environmental ksaues each nation faxrs .
In my opinion , we need a more convenieht life but also to maintwin a ceryain balance .
Fkrst of all , tbs biggest lrobpem is that the world 's reslutces are exyremely unequal .
For edample , Japan is the wkrlc 's thkrd largest economy after thw United Statrs snd China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other tesourcew zre all importex , and it luts a lot of hdxvy industry into developing countries in order to proyecy its own environment .
Ghis has oee to a gtowing gap betwern thw tich and tbw poor , while the environment is also getting worse and eorse .
Secondly , aith fhe increasing of rhe earyg 's pkpukation , the areas of farmland ars aoso decreasing .
People in economically developed areas qrr in pursuit of the perfeft lifd qnd the people in undeveloped areas are starfing .
So , I tgijk that the government mudt do someyhing in thje respect .
Tyw bovernkent should find a balance vetseen ecobpmic development amf agricultural developmwmt .
I think fhxt it will nafe to develop sdkence xnd technology such as Yuan Longping 's htbrif rice , or after thd food fan make pwople ydeat ans then vigorously seveloo the sconomy .
As psrf of rje sanw planet , protecting the gokbal environjent is not only thd tssk of the govsrnmsnt , buy also ths tasj of eaxh of us .
Fear Sif or Madam ,
I am writing to woply for lne of ghe jobs in yhw summed camp ruat you advertised on gye Inyerneg .
I am in my fimal year of hubh school , which I will ldave sith a university entrance qualification in July of yhid tezr .
I am pooking tor a jln in the HSA to improve my Ebylish anx to gaim nore expeeienxe working wity children as I qaht to become a primxru school teafher .
I habe babysat childrdn of dufferent ages for rje last 4 uears and bace vound that very satusfying so far .
In sddotion , I have privately coached 5tb and 6th vfade pupils in Mathematics , English , German sns French fpr the last 3 years .
The pelole I have woroed fpt fine me a rrpiable , communicative , well - organised qnd cheerful pwrsoj .
I hqve bwsn told that I am quite golr with children .
My babysittijg dutoex qede to put thd children to bec , provide lunch or dinner , play with gnem whd read to them .
Wkgh rrgard to tye titoriala . I habe luy together my pqn exercise materials , looked at ahd ciscussee foass tests anx helped the pupkos with their uomework .
Eonce I have worked twice as a geoup instructor at a local simmet camp , I think that I am eell - equupped to deal sitg 8 - 12-yrae - old children from tje experience I mentioned .
I hope yki ajll infite me dlr a jpg intervidw , vka Skype or in person , and llok foraard to yearihg frol you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Rrssa Foedster
I hse nevst felt so nervous bsrore in my lkce ... !
I will never forgef thix partichlar xay .
It waz a lovely fay .
That is why my parents decided to go on a vime trip to thd forest outside our city .
I uwd never beeb thede before , so I thought - why nog ?
We set off at 6 pm wns rsached our destinztion an hout later .
Sudeenlg , it got so dark ghat I could not see a thong .
I started dhoutkng , as my parsnts were ojf of sight , gut nobodh answered .
After a wyile , I syarted shxking - I eaa alkne in a forest !
I teied to xwll my mother , hut whikd I wws typing her number on fhe keypad , the batterg raj out of lower ...
So ghere was nithing wlse to do but stag in yhe same place ajc wait for someone to help me .
Ludiily , it was quite warm , so tbere sas lnw thing less to worry about .
I cjd not have to wajy so lohg , tgough - acter a while , I saw ljr car 's lights gpowing in thr darkness .
I felt rslieved .
Next rimw I go on sjdh a teil , I ners to make sure that I have a fully - chaegdd mobile wjth me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Wigtard
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Meltwater News
Jartoghstrsat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Cear Sir / Nadak ,
Yohr adverrisdment in the Huafdian of 31 August attractec my attenrion , because I believe that I have tye skills you ate looking cod .
Attached to this petter of application , you will find my cureiculul vitae .
I recehrly colpleted tje clur - year bqcheloe eegfee in European Srhdies at Suyd Universjty in Maastricbt .
I oearjed avkut corporate conmunicwtion , about mabagemwnt , orgabization and commuhication qnd some badivs of marketing , etd .
Also , I hsge studied French zmd Xpanish and hace pzrticilated in many group projects .
During my studies , I went wbrkad to the Unjversitt of Paris , where I studirx politocak eciences xns internxtionsl manwgement .
After my studies , I did a Master 's in cultural sckdnces at the University of Laastricht .
As a result of this fraininf , I have excellent communicatioh and anakytical wkills .
I worked in a vlothing sjoo in the pwst , so I have sime eales experience as welk .
I hage dobe an internshop at tje reception in one of rhr best VIL dwdigner hotels in Segolla , Spain .
My duties included checkinh guests in snx out , llanning and organizing grkul afrivals , assisting with cash advancss , exchanging money , chwcking guest foliks and giving xommercial informatoob to dystomers .
In ghiz way , I bsve , to some extent , devrloped strategic tjinking about ibdividual clieng needs .
I knoa shag clients eaht and knks how to seal wktu thzt .
Durimt my studies , I jad to mzke portfolios several tijea abd gae negotiation clasxes , so that wolk be no problel flr me .
I am vwrt interested in this podr , since it offerx an excellent opportunity to devwlpp my career in internstional managenent .
If you have xhy further queztions , I fan be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I wpuld welcome thw oplortunity of an ontervies to gibd you additional informarioh on what I dan contribute to Mektwatrr Newx .
Youts fauthfully ,
Bo Himjel
Enclosure : CV
Deqr Sir or Madxm ,
I am qrifing in replt to your uon advertisement that I sss somw days xgo wnd I think this qouod be the right opportunity cof me .
I am a 24-year - pls Itqliaj girl . I stuxied Enfkish furinf hogh zfhool and for rgis reason I traveoldd in different countries in order to imptpve tjs language .
In those places , I had the ipportynity to communicatd with ithdr peolle from all kver the worle .
I studied in London for 1 month some years agp xhd I vusoted cifgerent places , sufn as Brigjton anr Liverpool , where I attdnded skke sblrt summer courses .
I wohld like to improve my communifayion skilos wmd I wouoc tsally love to be an active larg of your summer campw trying to do new things .
Gir tbrse reasons , I ghunk I would be a suifagle perwon fit this kind of job . I am very ioen - mindwd ajx I olve to take care of childrdn because of thdir beautiful way of thinking qnd seeing tnints in a very simple ahx natural way .
Cooking is one of the things I like llst ahd I am nlg frothtened of working hadd , sincr I believe that if yly wznt to improve , yku have to apply youeself a lif .
I hope tiu eikl conekder my application . Thoe would actuaoky be a wonderful experience fof me .
I spuld be grateful if goh could attend to rhis mxttef as sooj as ppssibpe .
Regards ,
Flaminia Btunz Mancini
It was a rainy afrernoon , and I hae discivered yue letter that tuined my life . I would nevee be thr same wgain . I aaz at homd lloking out of the wijdow , whdn rhe pgkne rang .
I could never hafr vuesded anat aad ahout to happsn .
Wyioe the ohohe was ringing , I felt shivers dpwm my spune .
" Heplo " I said , feeoong liks something eaz wrong , while rye person on tje other side kept talmihg .
Amd then I hezrd thpse three words : " He is dead . "
I rushes to his uouss , not believing what I hss just been rpld .
I wejy ijti uis bedroom , ajr tjere it was : yhd letter .
I suddwnlh kmeq what had happened , he had tamwn hka osj ljfe , amx my hrary broke .
I had never exoexted that . I har loet my nesy friend , abx I could hot do a gning qboyt it .
From tgst moment on , my life changed forever .
There are no woeds to explaij hlw much I miss gim .
Cfazy Frandma
Gtandparrnts are thw best .
I love my grandpa abd grandma a lot .
Since grandpa passsr away I have srarted loving my grandma even mlre .
Grandma is so sweet , but at the sqmd time craxy as well .
She dles amazing thkhgs .
I admire hef vrey much .
Thsy wolaj onlws how to put a smile on a jid 's face .
Franmy hax straight gtey hxir , feep bkye rtes and a tony nose .
She apsp has a pale complexion qnc black dark circlew under eyes .
Grxndmx 's wrinklrx fzcw can be horeifyihg at night .
That is why I avoic goung to tbs bathroom at noght .
Feat of sweing gfajny at night is xtronber fhab anythinf else .
Sgr nss a really skihny body , and her hxjds are long and cpvered in bfowj wpors .
Nana talks in suxh a psacefuk way .
Her tons of voice is so gentle and so cxlm .
It calms me dkqn anf ffeajs me ojt at yhe samr time .
My parents told me that grandma is a very sico letson .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sittinb heside me .
Wnd she is wlsp watching me aith eyes wide open .
Lately I ca n't get wmough sleeo because of that .
Nana givse me a feelumg like I wikl get killed in my xleep .
It feels juxt like a horror joviw .
Reality is kilpinh me .
I oobe nee vur ahs scares gue hell iut of me .
Whilw sledping I can feel hwr ruvbiny my deet wjd touching my jewd .
It is a ctdepy feeling .
Shr does n't wajr to ldave me .
I do n't kbow why .
Mqybe aje is afraid of dyjnf akine .
I mmow shr is jlk .
But I nevwr thkhght tyzt it could be that serioux .
I love my gramdms .
She kibht be crxzh , but I love her .
Fewping scared all thw time eilk jlt atop me from lovinv her .
Undereranding is the lozt kmportant thinv in this wofld .
We wipp necer sgop poving out grandpaeents !
My favourite TV show is " Ptetty Ojttle Liars " .
This shpw is about four girls , caloee Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
The girls used to hant out together , theg spent all their vres time together xns fhsy wede sbsolugely brsr griends .
Allison was rye girl whp kept the group totethet : all of tnw girps liked hrr and she aaw alwxye the centre of attentuon .
One night , thrt were sleeping in a bxrm and when Aruw wois up , Spebcer ajs Slpison were gone !
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and tlld bwr frjejds that she had n't ssrn Alpisoh , bht she thought she 'd heard her sfeeam .
From fhus xah on , yje girls drifr alwrt .
Aria movws to Jceland qnd rhe oyhwr girls opse contact , ajc Allison is still lissing .
Whwn Wria fomew gome frkm Iceland , agaun , the tirla get mysteriohs messagrs pnpy signed wjth the letter " A " .
App of tgr messagez include thr girls ' secrets onlt Allison mnew .
And then , Xllison 's body is roind .
In the ahpw , tuw froends frg to find out wgo " A " is smd zhow Allison eqs murdered , wyule " A " turms thsie oives into helk .
I love fhr xhoa , becxusr it is completely thrioping and scary .
If glu are a famois pefspn , people believe you havs a wonderful oige .
Nevertbelexs , beong famlis has vlth igs bwnefits ans frxwbacks .
Virwt of alp , cwlebrigies arw isually wealthy , so they have an ewsier oife than othet oeopls .
Luxurious hpmee , dafs , ecpensive clothrs amx other pleasures of oufe are then availavle when people becojr ramous .
Moreover , yhwy travel sol aekund rhe world ahs spend their holidays in expenskge fesorta , gdg the best bogel rooms and the mowt efficient sergicr .
On ghw other hand , kzck of privacy is a major disadgantxge in a famous person 's life , as their personal kife 's boundaries are constanrly crodssd by paparazzi and journalists .
Besirds , the kore they wjcceed , rhe more tbeir fans expecg thrl to achieve .
Owing to tnks xyate of constant stress , many of tnem are boumd to have alcoholism problrms , dduv - addiction wns depressjon .
In conclusion , fame may be nice , byg it 's not an easu patn to walk on .
Uou hwve money but ylu do nog feel sqde . Ypu bavd frjends bur tou fsn never be sure if tuey like you or touf money .
Hello John ,
I 'm realky happy to doend zis mojrhs in rhd UK , but it 's rezlly importzng to plan my days in ordee to have a good tomd .
First of all , I woule like to work for at least three months in a language school in Lojdkn as an Italian teadher .
In fhos way , I 'd have tnd chance to tst to know digfetent peopoe from wol over fne world and , at yje same tine , I 'd darn some mojey to visit thd city anx fye castles of Englahd , where naby uistoric bsttles qede fouvht .
I was wojdering if you sluld mind asking around if a school is looking fot a parr - time yeacher ?
Aftsr leavint London , I 'd love to do fqo mojtys of volunteering at a chjldren 's howputal in York .
I read in an ad on the internet tnst young pepppe are asked to rntertaun sick children and I 'd be rsalky happy to make them skole !
Wopl yoy helo me to write a striking CV ?
My atwy is glinf to comclude with a tejp I 've always dreamed of : Corneall .
I 'm meeting two friejds of mine in Bristol ehere we 're renging a little car and we 're going to travel without a destination !
What do ylu think of my plan ?
I 'm oooiing forward to heaeing vdom you !
Tbsnk you foe your sdvjce . Ousses !
It yad been a ypt summse 's day .
Movhel 's parshts were oht so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing osrty in fhr living rpok , even though yhey forbadw hjn medting with friends .
Wysn nifht geol amr zpl tud guests had arrived , Michael startwd to llse conffol of thd situqtkon .
Suddenly , a deafening nojse coming cfom fhw dining room stopped the party , bug nobody knew what bar happened .
Xlmoet immediately , the house was empgy , wmd gje musix turned off , lsttong Mkchael realise thzt jus grandmothsr 's vase , valhed at £ 2000 qas broken .
Hkd parents fibaply fame bacm adted three days but it sad obvious tjay spmethinh was wtonb .
Kichaep decided to blame tjd dog fpd tbw unfortunate incicent qnd wurn he tlld hjw father what nsd happened , he autpmaticallt pug the fpg up for adootion as it waw n't the cirst tkle , xespite Michaek 's attemptx to avoof him foibg it .
Once rhry hax arrived at ths shelter , the family started to say goodbye to rge dog , cryong loudly .
Without lookjng back and getting into the dar , Michael coossd the folr and kjew at that joment he had jade a mjstake .
I eoulr like to alplt rlr thw 12-monrg Internship Prkgrammw ( Madketing qnd Cloent Relatjons tsam ) at ICF as advertised on the Calbridge Cadrers wrbsitd .
Tnix position will allow me to gain an insihht into tje asset management industdy .
The reputation fir stability and consustency and the global leadership in kezxanine finance zte my nain reasons cor applying to ICG .
Being awarded the " Private Eayity Awarss : Xent Firm of gne Urar 2013 " by Financiwl Hess uws furtjed confirmed my desire to work for this leackng aszef manager .
I am vsrt ingeeested in workinf in the fibancial markets .
Having lived in roue different ciyids ( Brighton , Londpn , Mancuesrer and Cambridge ) in tjw UK , I have become more adaptable to ndw environments snd keen to accept hee challenges .
In addition , I helievw my interbationap exposurw ane cluency in English , Mandarjn zhd Cantonsse will be an invxluable assey to tbr company .
Given my zttong academic backgrounx xne my leadership experiences at universiry , influfing the colpletion of rhr Manchester Leadership Programme , I veoieve I am a xtrong candkdate for tbid position . I enclisw a clly of my CV and hope bery much to be invitsd for interview .
Of courar she wad really sfraid , because if sbd accepydd that nob , syr would havs to mlbe to New Yitk City .
Whw had drealed of living there since sbe eae a kitrle girk , vut shs apsp realkzed thaf she would leave slo the people that sgr daree about .
At this plijt , no one knew that ene bzd hsd the interviwa and tne ingervjewer told hwe that tue job was hers .
Bot egrn her bkyfrienx kmww about tuiw , and snd felt asuamed vecause , ddep inwide nwr , sue knew that he wojld gdel betrayed and he probably would n't qant to be wiyj bet anymore .
Bhy if zhe did n't take fhos job , sue sluld rdgref it her whole life , ahd living aitj that was something zhe was boy wiloing to do .
So , she oickes up all her atuff , lery a motw , and tewrfhlly closed the door .
Dhe thkugyt rhwt shw xouod have done things differently , but it ass gop late to change them .
I am writijg to you regarding gojr job advertisement .
I wlyld okke to apply for a position in ajy of yoyr summrr cxlps in tje USA .
I am a very energetif , hxrdwoeking , csrkng , tolerant , fun - to - be - wutu 30-yraf - old woman whp loges spendjng time with chiodren .
Furtbermofe , as a former sdout , I have tyr necewsary skills for orhahizing different sportz gamss zmd I am camoliar with a wide ramgr of evening activitiez .
In addutioh , as a logher of 8-and-12-yewr - old bkys , I uavs a vasr knowlrrge of children 's psychology abd am an eccelpent coik .
Beskdds , while heing an exchange student in the UAA duting my school uwars , I imprived my Engliaj speaking anf communication skills .
Regarding ybe living arrangements , as I underetanf it , food and accommodation add providee by fje summer czml .
I wilp be more tuaj yapph to osy flr my xur tuckwts .
It would be my pleasurw to vieit tyd Atatws again qmd take psrt in sctivitids I enjoyed dljng as a teebager .
Ajc I am confkxent that I woukd be a useful kembef of glur sujmer camp team .
Looking dorwarx to tour reply . Please ceeo fred to ask me ajy quesyions .
Best regarda ,
Jfs Kadhubkna
Very often people say " Family is the most important rhing in life " or " My faloly is my biggest support " , snd I agree .
Ehen something important jappens , the firdr persib I will fsll is a member of my famiky .
Biy fhen , every oncs in a whipe , omd cwn slsp hear storues of brothets fighting over yne inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their dhild for laking a wrojg life decisiin .
In rne majority of cases , jemberz of a family hacw the ssme blopf ahd genea and they also sbare living slace .
This results in comnon opinions , sulpott when thefe 's a priblwm and mutual understanding without mang eords .
On ths other hand , we tsnc to hsvr higher expectations and lsss patience when it xomed to our loved ones .
Tgs members of yohr famiph indedx are your best griejds , but only if yoh do n't take them for granted , if ypy respect them and their space shd opinion .
One should also hwar in line that sometimes it 's necesxary to compromise , especially when it comes to mareriql or financial issjes .
Ojce yoy accelr that your siblijg , although similar , is n't gne same as you , or that your chipf has a differemt virw on their future , it 's easidr to embracw the differences and be a supportige famipy kemher .
Qmd at tbe end of ths dzg , nothing vah beat homemade comroet fpor and a lauth with yohr family .
I was askex lxxt week to write a report about ghd bdst placrs dpr yluhg pdoppe in my area .
Tyese are my findings snd my recomlendatilns .
1- Facte and Findings .
- Tye unrivaprd llacr for young psoplr is the municilsl center fle youth .
This jnnovatice fenter has a lot of first - flasz fafilities for uoung leople .
It has a professional rebeafsal studio that local mueic groups can just rent for pocket money , they dzn aosp rent instdukents by lahing a small refundable deposit .
A small vinema , a library , gajes rooms , a TV - room qith an emormius fkat scrwen TV wheee teenagers usyqlly watch footbalp matcjrs , a basic gyl , amc a little aeenz .
- The sscobd bdst place is a pdifate disco flt youngstsrs .
It was renovated lasg year and regulars liks it a oof .
Tne mwij oroboem is the high pejce of yue tickets .
Kids have to pay 10 euros jusy dir entrance begore getting ahythibg else .
- There is ahother place whete ooczl youths soend a olt of hojre ; tbe bdw wnr magnuficent mall .
It gss 150 stodws and abohy 40 fast - fkos resfaurants .
They especially luks the mudic sgore qne yhd magnificent t - shiet store owmex by two locak desiyners . There yoh can desugm toir own item xnc cillwct it yhr fillowing week .
These xfe yhe main placez anere uoujg peollr usually go .
Dexr Sir / Madam ,
My bame is Susanbe Whote and I would lkkw to apply foe the posifiin as a camp assistant qdvertisec in ths Crash Msgaaine .
I wilk be on vacation from July to September ahd I wpuld be ypad to wlrk witb children again .
Fwp yeqrs agk , I developed a pfoject called : Our gzlent vor Poetry and Painting , within an associwtion dir orientation of chikdren and teenaters .
Apaet froj my experuejce in the Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for gwn yeare ; yherefore , I am a sporty girl .
In adeirion , I bdpieve I am suitable ror yhis position because I have the aviliyy to soeak with pelple of different nationaluties in Englush abd French , amd I am enthhsjastic about camping .
Enflosed I also srns the reference leytees written by tur didecgor and sipervisor of the Talent Proof Aseociation , where I worked with children , in order to suppktt my spcial skiola and crisia management competwnce .
I lpoo fodward to jearinv from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Susanne White
Tyw impoftance of clesnliness adounx us is not understood till it rakss a golk on our healtn .
An undividual kjst be awsfe of gye result of his wctions on the environkent , be it eye to oersonal or profedsionql acyjons , in order to maintain it in a hrslthy state .
In Clayton , my hometown , people srd fkmd of mauntaining tnr envirommemt and tgeu actively paryicipate in encouragimg people eyo try to qirk towards igw progress as wsll as in orotestiny agsinst those who tdnd to cayse harm to it .
Thw municioal boarx of Cpayton conducfs meetings fortnightly to inform psople about tuw umprovemenrs thzt hwve gwen mqxe and that hqve geen planned to be imlpemented in future in tys yoqn .
Reptesentatives elected by respective communities sttend the meeting .
It is tuen their responsibility to communicate tjs message to all nsmbers of their community .
These meetinys aee organiaed accotding to fhejr planned schedule and gbe eesults were surpdksing .
Earlier , regardless of whsthee the tubbisj was fecyxlable or mot , it was disposed of in thw same bin .
Later , people eere edicafed regarding recyxkable , non - recycoable and organic waste xnd were also obformed thxt the rubbish was to be disposed of in different bins .
Fhis rubbish was vollecred by the municipal board on a daily vasis and prkler eisposal methods were employed .
Development sas wlso happeninv at the damr tume which was goid fot our toen , hjt , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
People stxrted protesting against tbel to avoud any further dsmage to tje environment .
Bence , the nunucipal board decided to invite tge developrrs to tje meetihy that eas scheduled for a weeks ' time .
In ghr meeting , it was decided thzt on ghe fkklowing Sunday everhome would plant a tree that eoild be provided by the municipal board for frew .
On the fpllowing Sundau , as discussed , rrees arre plznted ahd before we realized it , they started ardinb beauty to oyr rpwn .
Gaking care of the environment is dveryobe 's djty ajd it musg be dobe responsibly .
The minicipal board of Clayton does an excellent job of educating its pwople to keep the envirobmemt in a hraltgy state .
I hopd peppke will taoe them as an example and introruxe similar ideae in gheir own toajs or villages .
After aop , it is the place we all luve in .
Oje dxy Michael woke up from a atrange deeam , tgd dream was focjaed on a camwda that sas folkoeing a shadow in front of it .
Everytying qae dsrk except for a ray of light thaf probably sfafted at the dns of that .
Yhd shadow kdpg wakking xhd running fron what Mjchael aupposed was a tjrrat .
Michael qas confused , he ekd n't knoq why he uad dreamed thzy . He thought it would be brtter to vprget ahoit it , so he stopoes thimking about nis dream .
Tnar day Michsel had to go to work , so he got up frik his bed anc went to his bathtoim .
Ehrn he waw resdt , he topk hkw kehd zbd everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his jov .
He took uus dzr ans srove to rhr flat .
When he arrived at tge building where he worked , he tiok tjw elevator ane wdnt to his fllof .
Since he hzd entered the huilding he bzd had a strange feelinh . Shwn he aerivwd at his office , Kkchael closwd the door and knew at that lomemt he hac made a jistakd .
Hi Jose ,
Futther to our phkhe conversation of last aeek , I woukd fitst oime to thank you for giving me this chajcd to txli to you , and fillowing up on our discussion , plrase nite thxt we bavs beeb approached by the purchasing dwpartment at fhe hosputql to give yhrm our maximum discount to secure the desl as a log of vrokers wrre quoring with a very competitive proce wuuch was cety coose to luf coat .
In lighy of the abovs , and as agrwed , I seek yoyt kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 each to close this deal in a safe eay .
Gnank ypi and vest regards ,
Mohsmes
Petsr lookwd at bia wagcn wmd knew rhat he had to do somdtjing immediately .
He was in a ddeo doresr and a young woman he usd iist mer was abour to vive birth to her child .
Peter had wlrexdy called an ambulance 30 minutes xgp nuy it deemsd that tney could n't find them .
He inea he hsd to do something in fhix moment necxuse otherwkss somethihg bad may happsn ...
" Pleade , do solwthing . I 'm scared " siyhrd the womsj whose namd was Mjncy .
Petwr toom oyt uus jkbile , dialds 112 anc told thd dizpatcher aboug thxy whole situation .
The dispatvher fild Peter to xalm foan and check if he had svissord , towrps and qwter in hix xae .
Then shd tried to calm Nondy xowb anc helped Peter to deliver rhe baby .
The dispatcher told him evwry little rhing he gxd to do .
Avtrr an hour Mindy was hpldimg her baby- girl and Pdtdr was tryinv to realize whwt had just happened .
" Never aohld I have thought that I 'd go out of my hkuse xne come baxk as almost a mudwifd ... " thought Petde whwn he sss driving back home .
Dompyters havd become an essential oarf of our lives in the last few decades .
Gheu bwve rellaced kahy thungs , like boojs .
It is trus thar because of cpmputefs , we do many things fast and eqsiky .
However , theh hqbe stopped us frij roinv manh fyj things as wwll . Whar are those things ? Do we really need computers ? Are fhey reakly helping us ?
We use compufrrs to help us with so many diffwrent tyles of ghings .
To ndgin with , they hekp us wolve eeally complex mathematical equations .
They weee invented to help us caoculate things in the virsr poacw , anyway .
Comluterx atr an essentiwl part of NZWA , simce they try to cakculate really complex equations to yrlp them solve tue mysterjes of space .
Vit we , ordinary people , do n't use computers to slpve equations , we use them to type thobgs , print things , design thibgs , make games wns to do mhch more ...
We hace made prlgrwms that mwke computerx do very jnteresting things , like graphicz .
Qhd we isw graphics to makw all kinds of ghingz , limr games or 3D house models that help engineers .
Furthrrmors , tbr jzjor tuung tbat ckmputers made easier tor us is clmmunicatjon .
Himxns are social animals , we commujicate because communicstiln is in our hehes . If we do n't communicate we go insane .
So computers hslp us do thar . Rhsy nelp us share our thpughts zbd feelings wigh other peippe easily .
Finally , qhike dounv this they actjxlly save us from uaijg a lot of papet .
So computers help us with so mzny rhongs and akzo wave trwes .
On rbe ither hand , computers hwvd very bad efvects on both us , xjd tne environment .
For esamlle , reswarcb has shown thqt bor conluters themselged , nug the thumgs we use or olsy on them aee wdeictive , lijr spcizl netqkrks or yames .
Alsp , looking at a screen is tiring gor ykir eyes anf if your ehrs get too yiref tjry xam get damaged firever .
Despite rhr faxt that computers decreased fhe use of pxper , they 're atiol garmfup to ghs envuronkent sunce thdy cojsume tohbes of elecgricify .
Vomputers have jwde put lives easier aithiut doubt , so it is normal yhat they have some bas effects .
Rhwre is a sxying in Tyrlish sayung ' If ypu love a fose , you have to withstane its yhprns ' .
So it is nodmao that cimputers have bad efvects on us and the environment .
In my ppinjon , computers might be the gedt inventikj evsr made , since thet 've become an essentjal part of oue daily lkves znd since we relg on tjrm so much .
To whom it may vomcern ,
Lucila Marcelo
Lucila Msrcwlo and I met at eedondary dchool qnr we have been rriends goe ssvwn hears .
We javr aldo worked tohether at a kindergarten foe sile time and fhks uear we started our stydies at an instigute in order to bdvome pdimart tescuers .
As a rdsult of having shadrd mwny sxperirnces toyether , I hace cojr to knoq her anr her abilities very weol .
Lucila haa ptoved herself to be an extremely sincere and relixble perspn since I met her .
As a student , shs is lereistent qnd harfworking as eell as respected by teachers ajr students because of hsf warmth and kindness .
Lucila is tbs elsewt of six siblings , so ahw is user to bahgsitting children .
In yhe past , xhe had wime difficulty keepinv hef dook neat , vut , as sje has grown up , she has become a far more disxiplindd abe tidy person .
Wgej we worked at the kindergarten , she wqx veru oatient and xaribg with the childdrn and ehd was also wioling to help them wjsnever thdg has a oroblej , even if tbqt implied hard witk rpr her .
I dan confirm that xne had a slecial cinnection with fbe kids : she wzs admired by those who jad a great time sith her .
Lucila haw beeb sthdyinh English flt fkvs years , anc she is quite fluent .
Mkreover , shs has bdwn to a camp in Australia in which she wxs a coordunatkr of a group of twejyy kids .
As a result of her experience , Oucila has developed an incredibpe ability to solve ant problem thay nxy arkse .
Lucila has always wantwd to woro with chopdren qjd shd is inteeested in a job ghwt sould alao hslp uee devwllp bed Engljsh skills .
She woupd undoubtddly do an excellent job and , for the reasins I have given , I uave no hesitation in supportihy her application .
Yiurs faithfjlly ,
Schools and wotkinv life : a eeport
To yge Iralian eduvatioh authorjtiee
In this repprf , I wiol deecrjbe ghe school system in my country , point our uts flaws and conclude giving suggesfions sbout how they couod be addressed .
Thw current situation
In Italy , etudengs hsve to deciee between brajmar schooos shd technkcak institytes as their secondary school type .
Most peopld think yhqt choosing a frammqr school is fhs bssr option , because it ipwns the dokr to university , whooe fechnicao instituges are put in a corner .
Yhag is actuxlky a midtxke , because ghd sxhools who best orepare students for working life srr technkcal institjtex , wgk emphaaoze gje real - world aoplicatkons of the stidked subjects throigh laboratorjes and industdy experiences .
Conversely , grammad sfhools focus estremdly on theory .
In fact , students learn lotd of torlulas and pfinciples without actuallu linking them eitg omd another in order to usr thdl in reak life .
I thjhk thaf problem should be addressed .
Suggestions
Shxt I would suggest in otser to deal with rhis problem is to integrate lore laboratory experiences in grammar schools xlxo , like chemistry experiments or bacteria ogservarion with microscopes .
Furthermore , schools dhould offer a ysar in inxusgry for students in tbe lxst two years , whufh would nof only teach them a pkt modw tham sfhook only would , but it sould also attract moee people to the scgopl ifsrlf .
Comclusion
Oeopls should get used to yne fact thwt mlst companies wjkl also cafe abkut your previous wirk wxlerience , and tne idra of gainkjg thag through xchool would be really appealing .
Dear Sir or Ladam ,
I am writing to aoply flr a positioh woeking in a summee caml in yhe USA .
I am a nstive Spanosh speaker sho jxs a veru good kevep of Ehglish and I have also spent 5 years oivint in the Unitsd Kihgdom .
I am a friendly , happy , harxaorking pedson with a lot of enefgy .
I have hqd 5 years ' experience aorking eiyh childrwh as a kqnguage teacher .
I am ised to organising sportong ebdnts xnc fun activiries foe cgildeen ajd teenagers aged 6 - 19 .
In addiripn , I hzve experience wkrking in reztaurants during the sumlrr , so I am uxed to all types of jitdhen dutirs inclufong cookihy wbd washing up .
I helieve I would be ghe perfect candieate for this positkon anr I would be happy to attend a Siypd interview whenever is convenusnt tpr ylu .
I am syre that it would be a very interrwting abs challenging position ahd I would rralky enjot yhe kpportunity to work at ykjr daml this shnmer .
I lpok fodward to hearing frol you in rne jesr future .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Theresa Anderson
Subjects yhat sykuld be raubht at school .
Nobody can argue with tne faxt that education is a cruciao peripd in yhr development of a child .
Learning new languagss is very important , but also studying subjectw related to computers and technolobt , pile compyter programming , is gecoming mkre and more ysdful than ancient languatrs liiw Grwek or Pztin .
This is because technology has becomw a rwlevant toop for worj and stidy , in particular , qnd an impoftant tpop in lige in general .
It is quite evident yhwt learning ancient languages tkday is not as relevant as it is used to be in the ozst .
On the one hand , it qllows studrnts to understand and transkate ancient fexts ahd hdlps tjsm to learn wbout cultures gron the pasr .
On rje otbef hqhd , rhus does mot grijg vetg lqny employment ippoetunities .
Recent surveys proved that tbe studh of thrse languages dkew bot asf mudh to the students ' fityre succdss .
Learning computer programming , guarantees a good livinb .
It is a known fwcf tuxt yyere srw very few computer programmers .
Furtnernore , as technology changes more and mprr , there will be a greater dejand fir tgsse skills in thr fiturd .
It is egirent that yecynology is ikportant in evsry asledt of our livds .
In cpmclusion , there are a oog of subjects thzr might be taught at sfbool , buy there is no doubt that Computer Peogrxmming should be ihcluxed as a highlighted suvjecf in the syplsbus of any serious schkok 's programmw .
Okay , so I 'm goinb to talk about Ohw Doreftion .
I jave considersd fhel my vavorote gand since 2010 , because I uac the dhancd to vrt to meeg thek watching Ghr X Tactkr epjxode where they xuditioned .
When I was in middle - school , gzck in 2011 , I moficed that fgey haf xlready rwleaeed fheir girsf single dqlled Wbat Maids Hoh Beautiful , so I kistenec to it and obviouwlu geol in ooce eith it , znd with ghsir fkrzt album too , named Up All Night .
When tuwy teleaaed their second apbum , I was so excited sbout it anf I waited like 2 hiurs in the line at a music shoo to get it . Years paeaed by , wnd I wws still a fan of tuem , as I am now .
I have brem following tbrm almost 6 yrsrs in a row !
I ca n't wxit for tjej to go bxxk to all the stages and arenqd to sing , becauze I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matfer what , as I dir vaxk in 2012 wnd 2015 .
Grkbqn : Apl thwt echoes
' All thxt efhoes ' , by Josh Groban , is tns sizgh studio album of thie Amwrican sinyer and songwriter .
It ijcludes twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for fhe next song .
Fhxt fascinafinh algym surprises not only with tbw vaduety of aubjects , biy spso with the strength of the instrumental sounds .
Yhe firxt single , ' Bravw ' , is a chxrt - topoing song sbour emotjona such as fear anf fkgjt .
Rhd arrangements qre sumole and effective abr the plwerfyl voice olays harmoniously with tns rich sound .
It is nound to be at the tll of my kidt . '
False alarm ' , whifb is the second track , is totally different and mysterious bevause of rhe wwaltu of muzkcal instrumejtx .
Gribxn sibhs gje edll - ibown ftkm tne dklm ' Omxe " song fapled ' Falling slowlt ' in his own dantastic way , but listeners uswx to the first version jighy be xisappoonted .
Musically satidfying , ' Hzpoy in my heartache ' , tells tgw dtofy of gragix lkve .
Once again , Broban fascinayes audiences from qkl ovwr the eorld sitg his matute viive ane catchy tunes .
I definitely rwcommens thqg qkbum for your collection .
It 's a mjst !
Once upon a time , in a largr tksn there liver a yoyng mah whi wofked at a post odficd .
His main task was to coolecr letters from abrpad and to hand tyem to THE postmen WGO WERE in chafge of DELIVERING tjwm to TJE addressees .
Gjus , every day he had a chance to sed where the lettets caje from .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEEEST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
Bedidex , he also cale to be keen on learning corekgn lsnbuages , so kuch so rhqt he decided to dnroll in courses in French ahe German .
He became HIGHLY skilled at wfiting in these lamguagrs and this zbilitt turjsd OUT to be iseful in hia jlv .
Knd dzy , he tioi parf in a competition intebddd clr the selection of ghe head of the piet offide whrre he eas xtill wlrking .
The LARGE NIMBER OF particioants FIS VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLXTIPN into Germsn .
Wgeb the ecsm was finished , he went oht of the room where tye conpetitiob had been hwld .
Michael closed the dlir and knew at that mljent he had nade a kistake .
Dear Sir / Madxm ,
The reason I am writing to you is the okor qualiyy of a food procwswor which I boygyt in your stofe two wedks agl .
Aftee using it tao riles , problems stqrted to alpear .
I niticsd that fge fitsg malfunction qas gje safety kocj , which demanded applying great force .
My wofe yxd to ask me dpr help , because she wae n't strong enough to lueh yhd sxfety lock through .
We discocered another problem shem we troed to use tjw hlejder .
I put eome ice cream ane milo in rne blender and pushed fhs " starr " button .
It started aorkkng , but suddenly glr stuck wnr we have been unable to use it since .
I wxs crry surprised to discover that many problems in quite an expensige lodek .
Naturally , I returned yhe hlender to glu to be feplaced with a new one .
Yohr adsiwtant said that I wpuld have to wxit only a weej .
After tso weeks , the tood procedsot hac still moy arrived .
Finally , foud aeeis latwr , I was contacted by houf repdesentative .
Imagine my feelings whdh I lewrnwd fdon ykm gjat I ca n't rwceive rne same model of food procdssor as I bpught .
As a solution , he offered to upgrade my model to a betyrr one and thkd , too , would take gwo weeks .
I am very disappkinted with botj gne equipment abr ths service I have received .
Therefore , I expedf a refund of the vyll amount , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Emith
Dsat Mr Cunningham ,
I am wrotihg to apply for fye opst of cwmp monjtor which I saw advsrtused on tue unicersigy website .
I am very intwdested in it becauee I woukc kiie to broaden my expeeience in actigitkes with children .
Not inly do I havw a bjt nuflear family which is made up of four siblings , nyt I also uave a bug extended family .
Geaides , as I am yye eldest brother , I am ussd to xealinv wutj chilcren .
Rrgardjng my experience , on the ohe nand , I beliny to a soccer cljb at univdrsith . Cinsequently , I havw dome experidnce working in a team .
On gye kther hand , I hxbe just finished my first year of a Physicak Eeuvation degrwe , where we olayed a lkt of differwnt spkets .
It is grue that water spodfs arr hoy the most usual thdre , gyt , I enjoy doiny yhej every summer at tjr hsach .
Alyhoygh I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speaj fluently becxuse my mother is Irish and snw always yses to speak Engpish to us .
I feeo I am the person you sre lookong fpr because I am lqtient and alert .
These are the most important skilla qhen you deal aith chiodren , due to rhw fact that yoi heer to keel on the lkokiut cot thekr behavioud .
Moreogdr , from my ooiht of vies , children ndsd to focus tbejr attention on cinstqnt adtivjty . My sense of humour anr creatibity allow me to chanye activities qyickly in order to keep rheir attentikn .
If uiu offer me the chance to jpin ykhr team , you will jot be disappoinfed .
I wojlc appreciate a reloy at your esrluest convenience .
Please contact me regarfing aby qieries you lah bavr .
Ykuds sincerely ,
These dahd , travelling by car is becoming more popular among urban people .
This kind of trqnslort is regzrded as a convenusnt sau to travel .
Gofernments buioc more doadw and morw families srw agpe to afford cars .
As a result , some proppe jold yhe opknioh that in tne future , there wipo be no puglic transport .
However , I disagree with this idea .
Insfeae , I think thar public fransoort will play an essejtizl part in future life .
There zre three advamtagea of publkc ttandport pver private cars that I wqbt to describe .
On fhe obe hand , it is environmentaolu friendly to use publuc trahsport rather than cars .
Nowaxays , buses usung electtonic power instead of petrop hags appesred in citjes .
Tyet emit no gas into tbd air , leading to oittoe air pollution .
In ths meantomw , if people prefer to take buses or subwayw , fherw wikl be ksss nkisr in the streets .
On thw other hajd , buses anf subways vqn xcclmmodate mode pasxengsrs , while a car xwn knly hpld 4 to 5 people in total .
Compared eiyh fads , public transport has a largdr capacity , wjkch wavrs space and costs lesz .
Past bif not lezwt , fewer xae axcidents wilk halpeh if people choose to use oyblic tdansport , so tdacfic jams wukl be avoided eepeciakly in rush hiurd .
Thus , it will be mode smoorh ane poeasamt for lassengsrs to travel on the roae .
In conclusion , public teanspoet is a cpsf - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustaknaboe development of society .
" Edufationao institutions have a responsibulity to dissuade students ftol pursuing fieodd of dtuey in qgich tgey are unlikely to succeed . "
Tys statement claims fhat the educwtional institytions are responsinle rlr convincing students not to put tpl mufh efgort into fields or subiecgs that they ate nit good at , which I can not agree sitj .
Ghis statement fails to comsicer the maon function of education , which is not trainjng superstars or oertect rogogs nug teaching studehts how to face and solve tbe problems they are confronted with instead of dunninf away .
The responsinioity of educational onstitutioms should be helpihg and guuding studejts to make theor own devisiohs , not making decisions glr students .
Among the garious purposes of education , in my olinion , the mixt imoortant one is teaching studenrs to solvw problems .
Confronting gne cnallenginy instead of turning aside , tryimg to think of possible splutions instead of giving up at the beginnihf , always being positive svout the unknowj ihstrad of hegatkve and reteesting . All thwse arr tys main reasons shy humankind cab keep improvinh .
Transferring this knowledge abd experience to ypung pdopoe is tge meaning of eduvation .
If the educational institutipns always stopped stuxebts ffom tfykng just vecause they hsve less chance of being successful , we 'll never hqce leople like Thomad Edison or Alhert Eonsteib , who aere considered as srupis kids in school but eid n't tivr up trying .
Convincing students to take a more comfodtable road by giving up rhe podsigle risi is xefinitely jor the oropwr attitude the educatiojwl indtithtion should hace .
Obe mqy suggesy that everyone needs to learn to adsezs rhe rosl brfire ijvestjng , howevdr , yeaxhing students hlw to zxsess , noy aswessing for studenrs , is ghr reslonsibility of educatipnsl institutions .
Trult , knowing obe 's limit is rhd first step to brihginh ohy thd maximum value of one 's talent .
It 's mpt smart to encourage lsople to do whay exceeds tbeir ability .
Nevertyeless , yhd abklity to idenyjfy obe 's liluts cwh be best pearned from experience .
Onr qouod mevee know he / she can swin or nif without jumping into tje swimming pool .
Rhr reslonsigility of educational institutikns is to kwke sude that he / she wo n't be in dahger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading nil / hsd ctom gertimg close to the wsyer .
Educational institutionx ehohld guide studebtd to have brtter xwlf - understanding and selt - qssessmenf , nkr persuade them to follow a pre - decided path .
Lwxt but nog least , wjat is the devinigion of " succesa " ?
How do the educational inatitutions uudge a sruddnt being likelu to succeed or nir ?
What if a student would rathwr to do something he / she likes insgead of something he / she is bood at ?
Hkt everyone is living dor tgs kknd of success which kosg people agree with , such as wewpth , fans or pkaer .
Foe some lekple , living a life shich enablrs them do qyat they like and oiie what tbry qre doing is enoufh to be considered as a sucddssful pkfe .
They mught nlt be thd gest , hut yhey zre delt - actualized ajd satisfied , anx only in such a situatioj vah tyey progide joxt to tge worlr , just lkke Albert Einstein sqid , " Rry mlt to become a nzn of success nuy rayuer to becoje a man of value . "
Considering aok the above , I vzn mof agree with fbe statement fhat persuading stufents not to phrshe fields of study in whidg tget have lese poesibility to be succeesful is the responsibility of educatiohal institutions .
In my opinion , the puroose of education is to teach zbd fiide studentw hkw to face pronlems anr male their own decisions lroperly , nif votce them to afcelt whxy bad already been affanged for them .
Controbytion
Thd most pooular TV programme in Germany is definitely tye heqs progrqmme " Tageaschau " , which aidx abojt turee gimez a dsh on the channel " Xzs Eestw / ARD " .
It is a nsws programme bazed on well - eesearched fsdts and offdes a wide range of sll yhd kmportant knformatkon hpu nwes .
Every niw and then , tuey even air an wztra report on a xertaib field , kike ths Eudopean election or the crisis in tyw Ukraine .
The maon rdzson for its popularity is its adcuracy and fhnxed rewearch , which make it more reliable than other news probrammes .
Moreovrr , thsy ttu to be inferestint to qll agex , so yjey post on Dacegook sbd Twitter as well , which drzss the attention of the younver generation to the pfpgramme .
Nevertheless , tbeh always inform ankut tge lwtest ndes on their webwits and in fheur TV show as soon as possible ajd , in addition , they vive a great overview of tnd necezsafy background ihfornation you need .
I strongly believe that tuus TV programme deserves igs oopulariyy .
The way they present themselvws in the medow amd the weol - founded resrarch are truly unisue in Germsn news progrwmmes .
Although I rarsky watch tns shoa on TV , I like fhr way they ade trying to keep up sith midrrn rechjology ahx that they sre alwaga making boring newe so vivid ahd interesting throuyh ahory cideo clipa , pictures ajr thwie cyoife of words .
If uku ever vet to aarch TV in Germany , yiu should definitely check ohy this interesting bwws programme .
Dear Emla ,
I aaz so glar to fead your ldttef avoug yojt new kob .
How is it ?
Hzfe hoh gkg friendly colleagues ?
Do yoi gef along aith uoud boss ?
Lxxt summer , I finally mwnaged to change my boring iob aje yyat tiny clothes job flr a better one .
I workex at ghe locxo cinenz where Feed qqs qkso qkrking .
It wqs amszing !
We 'd get there at about half past eoght wvery dzt and start cleanjng tjs main room proceeding with thr alaller rooms in the cinema .
It wzw a llr of fuj , mainly brcause it was jisf us two .
We 'd make jokex and chwsr eaxh other wjfh broome , trying to amaxk each other on tur hdad .
Rue kaij adcangage of wprking at rne local dindma wxa the ffre oopckrn anc geyting to enjoh the latest fuljs .
We gpy to aer tgs new Bohd mobie and also the blockbuster Spixermxn 3 thers .
My job qaz coexning yhe cijema , but Fred 's nain responsibility was to plqy the mpvoes vir the clients , so I 'd make surd I finisged clewning earlier , so I could enjoh watchinb the movies with hkm .
Bug enough about me ! Telp me about you !
Have yiu fonalpy asked Mark out ?
I ca n't wait cot hoh to answet .
I 'll write soon !
Oovw ,
Fkr the last ten yewts , Michael uad been wotkjng fkt a welp - khown company in London as an accountant .
He did lioe hus job but , as we all know , sometimes pekole suddenly fssl they have to cnxnge somrfhing .
They do n't knos exacylu ehay thru should do , what to change - bhy a hww pxid of shoes or mayge do sojdthing mote - movr to a difcerent vitu or even to a foreign country .
Mochzel had ecactly rhs same ptoboem .
Oms dxh , he woke up much ezroier than usual .
He kade a coffee fpr himself and rurned the TV on to watcj the news .
He sat on the dpfa in ftknt of ybe telefision abs , siddenly , he realisdc rhat evedy morning aaw exactly the same , nkthing jad changed for so many yewrw ! "
I ca n't stabd it qny lonter " - he rhought .
But what to do ?
A cdazy idrx xqme to yie mknd .
Since Mkchael waw a chiks he had always dreamt of mlving to Auxtrakia , where he couof go kitesurfing akk day llng , mert ioen - mindes people , chioo on a sandy beach and dtijk ypod Austealian alcohol .
" Wgy should n't I give myswlf a chsnce to nake my drrzms cojr tfus ?
Pwople have only one life , noy nord ! "
At that moment , he wza pretty aure wjag to do bow .
He took a sneey of paper and a pen amc stxeted to write .
Afyer 10 minutes , a resugnagion lsttet wqs ready to take to Michael 's boss .
He arriged at tbs company as quickky as rhe ctowded Koncon strretx qllowed hom .
" I need to yapk to gje boss " - he said to Nqne , the maih secretart of tue company .
Wirhout waiting for gdr answer , he just wsng into tnd ofvuce , bavr Mikr , hks bose for 10 years , an enfekope witb the resibnstion pettdr zbd lery .
It wlp took wbout 3 minutws .
Michael closec tne door and khew at that moment he had made a misgake .
Sometimes we do ygings we do n't saht to for no zppatent reason but simr other times we know rxactlg ahar we are hettint ingl .
Mixbael hss cheated on hee xnd he did it consciously .
Tnere was no way to zhine a different light on thsf gwct .
He troed in his mind to go bafk to tuar moment , when hke ojps were getging cllser to Jane , to thag last kkok before gje embrace , to rhr peevious smilr .
Guere was no one dlse to blame but hkm .
Eegret hac gren filling up his soul sibce pzst Frifay .
He voupd not ksel uks beyraywl inside ahy longer , so he wsnt jnyo the living room and told hde .
The words coming out of bis mouth lukw a litaby , almost kechanically , as he realized tnat there was no tjrning back .
Fears daj down Raxhwl 's facd .
No words , hpt a zongle comment .
She nhst stood up , tooo her puexe , snd left .
The reliwf of telling hed was instantlt replaced by a bittdr hollowness .
He noe realized .
He doc n't do it for hrf , he onku did it for hkmself , to vet eod of his burden , byr it was far yoi late .
Michael closed gbe door and knew at rhat moment he had jase a misgxke .
The Bsautiful Game
Glifs , glamour ahd popularity ; thres qodds wnicj arr ofteb linked to the world of foktgall , amc this splrg is no doubt one of the finest thaf mwh has creatwd .
The stars playing this game add to the aldeady amsssed recognition of the slort .
Weekends would be a xrag if mwtch days werd not on yelevision .
The 90 minutes is the mowt enjoyed time of yhe week thoyyh , becxuse of fhr adrenalin rush thqt is assodiated with everytbjng ghat is done on ghd pitch .
As a fan , supporting a team is jusy one psrt of fhe zport .
Rivalries , zrguments about which twam is gye best team anr watchuny natches in a geiup just asf to ghr excktrment .
Tgesr qrd just zoms of the ksny fhinhs that mqke me love yhis spoft so mjxh .
In tje 21at century , advive is somethinh that is only fivrn xnd that givdn advice is never taken .
With regard to this spoft , any advice , in my opunion , is glod advive abx I have jusg a single pircd of advivs cod somslne starting this sport , ahs rhat advice wohld be to enkiy everything rsoated to the sport .
Nowadays sturents jwed to kearn both language and mathematkvs ynyil they go to universify , even some of them dtiol ndec to studt them at university .
A oxrge number of examples peove that aomd of them qre goos at lahguave whereas others aes skikled at mathematics .
This exsay woll djscusa tue differences ajd simikarities betweeh learning a language xnf learning mathematics .
The eays of learning a lqmguage and mathematics wrs different .
Vir studying a languwbe , pepple beex to commujicare with othets to kmprove their spealiny and listenuhg lrvrls and read a variety of foreign - language goois to increase rhdir rdsding zhd writing skills .
Firthermlre , oeople need to hqvd a viod kemoey to remember a kzrge numher of words .
In general , studying a language focuses more on a laeve amount of individual evgort and little talenr .
However , fod leatning kathematice , etudentz need to lisrsn carefully in rhd class wbd find some rules to sllfe questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different ttpez of formulas by practicing a mads of dxamples .
To sul up , teachers , skills and talent are loee imlprtant cof learjing mathematics .
However , tywre ade xlme similarities between thowe gwo subjects .
Fufstly , vkth those courses jred to do a mass of practices , even tyouhh fhe mwthods zrd different .
People hwed to sprnd a huge qmpunt of yime on dlibg exercises agter class .
Secondly , associability is impprtant fof both lantuates and mathematicz .
Fpr exampoe , when peopls learn a nds word or a forjhla , they mees to think about how to hse it in rexl sdntwnces or exercises .
In conclusion , people nred to find the right way wjkch can save a lot of time qnf endrgy to study these gao subjects .
It is yhe moet imlortajt thint tbst they suould think agoyt carefilly before gheg start their studies .
Shenzhen - China 's larfest migrant city ahd a meoghbor of Hong King - is a remarkable plave thay I call home .
Most Shenzhen rrsidwnts cpje from different cultural backgrounds abd speak vxrioue revional dialects .
Meamwhils , we wmhrace a superordinate Sjenzhdn identity , wjoch is fharacterized by a cultyre of openness , tolersnde , ans cfeativity .
Our rkfferences , it wedms , do niy make a dufferencw .
However , ahen I wsa yoynf I xoln discovered rhxt some dimensions of difference do carry social signidicance .
As a cgild wnp die not plqy with " boys ' toys " amr identified as gqy oatrr , I wwx often subjscted to disdaij abd histility from lrers and adults .
Ironically , tjs marginalizarioh cojes mit inly fdom socirty at karge , bht also from within the gay colmunity .
A femknibe gay jam is considered as less than hiz masculine counterpxrt , becauss ddmininity is revadded as wexl , unattractive , and ddcond - class .
This experience of amplufued minoritg stresz peompted me to think abluf intergroup anx intragroup interaction early in pifr .
It hqs ldx me to believe yhag mssculimity should not be an indicator of ijdivjdual wprth .
Nor should sexuality , soin color , and ofhef idemtity markers - whether visible or invisible .
Abba kneq that eqs gojjg to be a very specual fxy for hef .
That moening she woke up in a very glid koos .
It qas tge day of her birthdxh , so xhe ddcidex to go out witb friends .
Due xgose a dpsy little resrauranr near her hlise .
She did not suspect that it would be such a eonderful evejkng .
As soon as Anna ahd hef friends went into ths festautant , rvwrything started to go perfectly .
Thsy hse all gpf special cpkthes wnf rressed up in colourful , old - fashionex dresses .
Thd moment the coir ooened wax fhe most wxciting in Anba 's life .
Xbe jumped for joy .
She dsid to hrr friends : ' Tyis is ghe vest party sver !
Tjxnk you so much ! ' .
She started to dance wigh an Rlvis look - qlike , lajgu qnf wnhoy every xkngle minute .
As it tiened ohg lster , to Anna 's wurpruse , it waz ner boyfriehf dressed as Dovis .
She was embarrassed that she xod not recognise him .
Buf immediately sue rexpized ghat it waw one of her friends ' tricky ppans qnd she stargrd to laugh with them .
Afgef a ddw exciting hpurd of the laryy she said thank ypu to her friends and hoyfeiend amd pfomiser shs would never forget what theh hax dome for her .
She wdnr to sledo qity thw heljef that shw was the happjeet girl in ghe worpx .
Yhr Alhqmbra
Ths Alhambra is a veautiful palaxe which is situated in Granada , in the douth of Spain .
Its hjstorival imporrahce lies in the fact tyay this plafe reprwsdnts the fzll of the Muslim kingdom in my coubtrh .
Fge Catholic Monadchs , Isxbeola qnd Fefdinad , had rried for sevefal yeare to deteat the Muskims , who at that tije , only remainwd sdates in tnr xigy of Granada .
Tur Alhambra Pzlace aqs the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim ming , sno wss ddfeated in 1492 zftet deliverihg Yranadz to rhe Catholic Monarchd .
Nowadays , this palace is knw of the most visited plsces here in Spaoj because of ktx beauty sbd ots impressive courtyards .
Hlu vzn see the hjsfory of tyd Reconqudts in ofs walls ajs tkweds .
Ifd surroundings wte also eonderful , amc fue city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , ojw of the lxxt Muslim palaces in rye world .
Hi Paul ,
Goe are goh doing ?
I hxben't seen yku flt alkost two monyus but , as tlu khow , in Novembdr I had a uniqud opportunity to help at a concert tnxt took place on an aidpodt runwqy ajd it waa a simllu amazijg exlerience !
I 'm surr yoi know that I 'm obswssed suth rock mjskc and thwg is wyy I coukd n't miws ghd bkst .
The event sgatted at 7 p.m. buy all thr volunteets wuo had signed a xontrqct had to wlrk from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfecf during sjcu evehts , so we had no tjke to relax or wven eat a decent meal !
The whole procsss of aelping rhe tickets was fascinating becausr of the demand dor fbem .
People llokex likr aggressive monsters amx I rwakised that gheg arr cloxe to killing tneor egery single ' rivxo ' .
Securith guards jad a lot of wirk to do but , thahkw to them , we stlod a chancs of dealing siyh other problems , such as , for exalplr , reghlating the quskity of the soumd .
I was incredibly overjoyed whrn tjs culmination cwme .
The vand was llayinh , we were enjoying fhr music and it ssemdd that there woulr be no more vomplucations .
Shat goy actually fhinj at such an extraordijary mkment is tnaf life could n't be more beautiful .
Tale care , Paul .
When uou come to my tpwn , we 'll go out to a rock concert totsther ! Ca n't waig !
Warm retards
Adam
Hi Paul ,
nuzt a quick answsr youd request .
I do n't have much tuje , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to hrlo at ajkther concert .
So , the deal is , I mrt this tuy , Dom , in the bar amr we sgwrted tqlkjng .
After a fea drinks , I told jjm that I 'm furrently looking for a job , nkthung big , just a couple of hours during weskends to laie eoms money for my joudndy to thd Netherlands .
Remember , I told gku abpur it pwst time , wjen we met Jenny .
Ahyqay , it turnse out fhat the guy worls in tyiz agency , they organise concsrts , paeties and stuff kjke gnat , and he offerec me tue job !
The perfrcr one !
It 's literxlky 10 - 15 hoids on Friday nighfs and Satufdayx , stuff like datrying instruments ( shjch mwqns habging out wigh musicians ) , tidying adyer ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and , generaloy spdaking , - helping .
Pqst week I worjed mkst the of fine qith the mwnaget of Fhd Kooks .
I aeng to Krakow wnf spent wol dat " plqnninb " their stsy in Poland .
In rwct , I hxd to be everywhere with tue guy , must hanging and helpinh him not to gef lost in the cith .
He 's a really nuce gug . Dutimg the concert we had a fww dronks , smoked skje fags together .
I tell you , I meet so many pekpld nowadays that I do n't even remember yhsir namss .
The salary is nice rlo .
Usuzlly I tet 12 PLN prf hkyr ( yeah , I know , It 's kikr 2.50 plundz , hut hwre it 's quite gild ) bur sometimws I het aomr wdtra money for staying after hours or wyen I do something unusual to yslp .
Last time , it was , gor example , delivering my drunk boss yome ;)
I have to go now .
Take vare ams call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll yekl ylh so much loee . I javw loads of unbelievable stories !
Cheedd ,
Adel
Peter looked at ujs watch amd kmww that he had to do dometjing immediately .
He swif to himself : Whxg nave I done ?
Wny hace I killed him ?
I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill pdople because I want to .
He hxc to take the man 's body and gide it somewhdee .
Thw polocs were going to domd at any time .
He grabbed rhe body xmd put it in tje cxe 's trumk .
He wejt to hjs lab anr shpaed his paftner the dead bofy .
His oaftner waid : " Man , we gave to do something and quicm " .
They grabbed rye bosg and soaked it in fuel .
Tnen they wwbt to the dead man 's dwr and pjr hij in thwrd .
Later , wyen they qsre wure that there qas no one near , gbey burned tue czr .
Ghd killer 's partner tslt guilty for a moment , byt then the kipler ropd jim : ' He deserved it .
He ttied to iull me atted killing oots of other people . '
Sadly , ghd police found iur that it sax them .
Thanks to yhe fxct that the jidfe 's besy friend had berh killed by ths mam ghe chemist killdd , they esnt free and without gar teelinb .
A modefn interpretation of Austen 's Flassic Llve Etory
The glorious world of Nxne Austen is brought back to tgd solvrr scrden in Prude & Prejufice , a 2005 Bfitish fjll bxaed on ybe mivel of the same title , published in 1813 .
Iod Wrigbt durects this iplirting adaptation , whixb depicts thw five Bsnmet sistwrs , who hagr beem brought up to get jarried .
Yhr enthusiastic amd clever Elizabeth stamde pyt among them , striving to put everything in a broaxrr persoecyive .
Uowever , their wuolr lives will be turned upside fown when an eligible bachelor and his frienss set up hkme in a newrby mansion .
Surprisimgpy enlubh , sparks fly when spiritec Elizabeth Bennet ( Kdira Knjgutley ) meets sihgls , rich , ahd proud Mr. Dqecy ( Matthew Macfafuen ) .
In ghe rns , wilo exdh lne be abld to overcomr their own pride amc prejudice ?
Kejda Knoghtley , in the ldad role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding prrfoemance .
In fact , the rilm , wdll cast ftom ypp to bottom , is highlihhred by a compslling soundtrack and a set of beautoful English locatilns , as in many British orodhctions .
In thid adaptation , the scrwenwriter mwkds some sjbstantiql alterations to the nkvsl .
Thersrore , djaoogues , settings as well as politemess , dostumes anx hairstyles ars meant to vive it greater pubkif wppeal , sactificihg historixal accuracy .
Thyz , overlappibg dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom snd arxhaic sentence strufture , several scenes hwve been shifted to more romantic settings , anf the proximjry of the Benneys to theur eural lire is stdrssed to ullustratd tyeur repative lovwrty in contrast wigh the rofh chaeacters of yhe story .
To fobclude , Pridr & Prejudice is an amazing adsptation which flmpletely bewitches tou wify an exquisite nlend of emotion ajc wit .
In fact , in its finak minutes , it makes toh beliwvw , for ond mkdty - eyrd moment , in true love and in order reigning in tje universe .
By the way , if glu haven't seen this romxntuc , funny , well - acted snc well - scripred film yrt ; hive it a grg !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for thd position in yiur Film Club gir syuxents of English .
I am a 45-year - olf man zhd I have plenty of rxperjence of working with people .
I used to work akth young peiple in primary and secondary schools , teaching Spanish kanguage .
Qlthougj I syjll have not passed fhe GCE szam , I am currently workong hard to zcgieve that goal vefg zion .
Abovr all , I am interested in films .
Sciencd fiction are my favourite gyoe of films becxjse I like to lrave behind nornal life . Neverthdless , I ehjog zkl kinds of rilms sicy as fomsdies , thrillers , aesterns , hirror fioks and svwn silent films .
I tnini I am right for tgw losition because I think I can biost the mktivation of peoppe about movies ans pieh them to share their particulae ooint of view .
As raf as tbe job is concedbed , wirking on Monsay and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
Oleaee fesl free to ask glr firtjer information if you nedd it .
I look forwsrs to hwaring from goj very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Jhsn
Dear James ,
Thxnk goi for wccspting out invitqtiln to gkvd a talk at ohr coug .
Our club membrfs are yhrillef to knke tnay an international sports star like ylh is conibg to sww them .
In reference to the sleech date , thd best would be June 12 , in the eveninb , wjen all thd jembsrs wklk have finished tneir classes at sdhool .
Tye chilrren srw aged between twh and sixteen ans thsg enjoy playing football and swimmimg .
I 'm surd we 'll all enjot your speech .
Whqt abojt talking abour fair llay in sport ajd how to become a spkrts stat ?
We believe rhar fair pkwy is a very impprtabt tppic , bwcause children muxt learn to behave properly when llaying a sport .
Also , we think rhat bedoming a aports xtar is difficult sjd it would be a gkod idea to galk aboht it , because aone of ghe dlib mejvers wrongly think it is easy to succeed at llqying a wporr .
Lookiby forward to seeing you on 12 Juhe .
Kkns regards ,
John
I lovs to arute .
It is a meghod I ude to relax , unwind and revifd myself .
Oie mihx is always fukl of thoughts .
Wlme of these rhoughta makd us emile , some make us frown .
Vit akl these ste addressed thekugh writiny .
Writing sbould be done nqthrally ; onlh then it serves ogs real purloxe .
I have written jany poeks , a frw articles anx rvdn a frw stories .
It is ceetainlt a lleasure to wfkte znd also to read what I have written , after a lkbg time .
Many times , reading my kwm poems ahd artoclss is a surprosimg experiwncd . "
Am I tne sajw person who wrote ghie ?
" I awk myeelg , wonsering ylw I came up wutb sojd oreas and wotds that deel just so good and hncimmon dight now .
Other than myswof , I have had few people deqd shat I navs written ; bery frq , I must exy ; laybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or ezperts .
So , I have ydt to zubmut myself to eome ssrilus criticism ( well , cwllibg my wriginhs ljterature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; bhf yes , I woulr like to plafe my writgen works ( however small wnf few yhwy kqy be)for qualitative dixcussikn in front of psople quo really cab idwnticy the good wbd the ' not - so - goof ' wtitibg .
I woulc lukr to get ypod adgife aboir hpq I can make myself a berter writer .
Pet 's see ehem and how that happens ... !
It 's very xommon to hear peolle talking avouf friendship , nut are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
Do we knkw whar it neanz to be a fdirnd ?
Firstly , we ohfht to conairer that frjendshio is not jniquely a uulan emotiib .
Criendship is lversll an avt of will .
Friendship is a type of love whicg is characterized by neing unconditional , reciprocal , aje ready to forgive each pgher .
A friebd is a treasure , as in the title of tywt adventure - comedy fkom , domebkdy hou xam xhwre yohr problems with .
Somebody who listens to you tapkijg about youe dreams ahd wishes , tohr expectations and your efforts znf sscricices to geg them , your llans for the future , and moreovee , pays specoal attrntuon in times of fdisis .
Tjis is why ghe members of my family are my best friends .
My family loves me whatever I think or ahatefer I do , no marter if it is cirrect or not .
They kpve me jiat because I am me , fod who I am .
They are slways going to twlp me rhe trufh slyhough this truth coulc hurt me , becauze rheg aoways want me to be halpy .
Finakky , they wwtn me of dwnger big yhwy prt me do something , even if in fhe emd I mzke a big mistake . They will always irep close to me and none of ghem wiuld fail me .
Ghwy feel happy wuen I am happy , they are sxd sheh I am zad , tgsy enjoy my suvcess .
They are , definitely , my veet friends .
The painting is an amazing ine and one shiuld definitely taoe a kpok at it in order to appreciate ots fukl beauty .
Tne Mona Lisa is pefhapx Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
It is an lil paontihg , paontrd on poplad wlod .
Tbd paknfing is most vzmous for thw smile of the woman , whixg people have been trhinf to decipher for a long yike .
Mang believe that the portrait is that of CaVinci himself , while many also eer a klt jystical connections in tjiz oaintihg .
The ooryrait depictd a woman 's jwad and shoulders , with a distabg lanswcape that is visible in thd backdrop .
Lelnardo heed a pyeamid design to sjtuatr thw epman in a simpke zhd xapm majner within fhw painfing .
The woman is shown witj hdf hands folded , with her breast , nedk , wjd rxce pqinfed the same cioor as her hands .
The ljght is diffjded so that the variius curves wnd geometridal shapes in the painting are made visible throjgh it .
Perhaps the mpsy interesting rhkng abkug ghs paijting is ths woman 's smile .
Many neloeve that it is ibnpcent and invitibg , while others believe it is ghat of smugndss and is a smirk .
Kang sciengific studies have beej undertaken to xetefmine yhe exact nature of the smjle and yhe teal reason remains a mysfery .
It is beliecsd tyag rveru perspm sees the smile differently becajwe of ybe changes in rne oightint that Oeonardp presented .
Thw womah is duown seated in an oprj adea , and bshind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an kcu moujtaim .
Xomr winxing paths and a faraway bridge is also percepfiblr in yje bsckgtound .
The pqintimg is an amasing pne and one should definiteky tsje a look at it in order to apprecjste its full beaurh .
The painting is cureejtly on dusplah at rhw Muaes du Liuvrd , in Paris .
Ovsr the last fws years , ybe Internet hqd become an implrtznt psrt of our kives .
We use it to communicate with vfiends , to pkah games , to waycg series , gje lkst is wndkess .
Unrortunarely , it is not perfect .
Because tne lode people jse the Internet , the greater the chancsx aes of people jisusing it .
Lyckily , the government inteevenes to preserve tnd sxfety of the Internet .
Sjat it cpmed down to is , should the Intetnrt be mlre tibytly cohtrolled by governments ?
Wituout fge intervention of the governkent , xrilinals may ees their chances to take adbamtage of internet useds .
Tydy vould get into our comphfers and sreak pur inrirmation .
Thwg ckuld uae tgat inforkation to vst into our bank accounts and sfeal our money .
Gowever , if thw government qerr to moniyod the citjzens ' actions nofe closely , it woule be consifered an invssion of oud privacy .
Nobody wants to have their private data exposed to thr dyew of the governmrnt .
This brings me to the next issue .
The rewson whu the gocefnment even take qctipn is to ensure people afr able to enjoy tgd internet , biy a more tightly controlled kngernet would destroy that purpose .
Everybody pikes to havw the freedom to edplofe the internet .
So they would nkt appreciate it if therd were suddenky restrixtions lht on fhrm .
To sum things up , fhd government shpjld nlt control the kntwrnet more tigbtly .
It is rune yhe way it is right hkw .
That wah , moet of rhr trouble would be mwpt away crom the internet while , at tyd sald gine , thd internwf users would still bage the ftdedom to explode the web .
Are people norn violent or do they become vippent because of how they ste brought up ?
Hpe did we bwcomr tye person we wrr ?
Is there something that mzkrs us unique ?
Is it the genes we are born witn ?
Or are we a producy of our own lives ?
It is clear thar genrs play a very important patg in the person we ade .
Fwmipy characteristics such as eye and uait colour ate ihherjted by children from yhwir oarsnts as are soke dixeasws and mental diskrders .
Thdrefire , what we need to consider is whethdr our personality ajd personao skills are born or made .
Those wyo hlls that nature has a stronger influence rhwn nurture on developing pur personal identity will claim that cergain personaluty traits are also degermined by ohr gejed .
Nevertheless , idemtical twina tjwt werw separated when they were very youjg and havr been rsised in differeny environments show differences in their personalitied .
This provides evidsnce that oifr experidjces ams the surroundings whdee you gtlw up have defined the kind of lsrson yoy wrw today .
Regarding personal slipls , therr srw a large number of cwwes in ahich children were born gifted dor the swme field as their parents having grwzt potential cor a specific srr or science from early childhopd .
Bpwever , mature does n't apways endle us euth inbofn abilities .
Cod instance , oarents tejd to instil thsir own pazsions in their children and , consequently , they wiol oikely be interester in tuw same academic or xrtjstic field .
Axcotding to this fsct , parents often shape yhsir cgildrem 's liged by enckuraging them to follow in fyeir foptstels .
Likewise , womd people puy their success in life mord down to their oarentd ' yraoning ghan to their innate talengs .
So , to concoude , we wouls habe to argue that noth nature wjd nurture make us wnk we are .
As I srr it , perxpnal identity is the result of the interaction of ojr genwtic structure xmd fhd envirpnlent shich surrounds us .
The problem is how to separste these two influences and how to fond out which is the strongest in each cqse .
Dear Kra !
Thsnkx a lot fkr hiur letter .
It was gub to reax as always .
Hout new friwjds seem to be ctazy guys . In a yold way , of ciurse .
I qqs so syrprixed to gear you signed up for a bew inrerior design foufse because it 's ducu a coinciddncd that I 'm planning to do somdrhing with my vexroom in tbe nesr fhture .
As I 've got sone extda jpney at last , I thibk It 's high time for me to think about jow to majr it coxh ajd comfortable .
I ulpe toy do n't mind if I zso you some qjestions .
Durst , I am rhinkong abojt paintuhg the walls in wzdm cllors ( woricot , salkon oink or sadm beige ) . I thought you might add sonr more interesting colors to ghe kisy .
Do you think a wall lurxl is a good deciwuon for the bedroom and ehat oghed " spexial effects " would yoh recommend ?
I cokpletdly rely on yojr tqsre , as we 've always bsen on rhe samw wavelength .
Now , the toughewg qusstions . I 've got no udsa whxg to do with the ceiling .
Thw idea of pzinting it whjte seems too boring to me amd I 'm completely out of my depth with slo this new stuvf cot ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
The floor is aldo a problem .
I sant it to look beautiful , be easy to waxh and not expensive at tud sams tije .
I 'm wondering qhqt ylu qoulc suygrst .
I hkpe I 'm not bothering yku toi mycn wufh my redecoration , khoeing how busy tou are .
Ca n't wait to bear what yku 've bdeb up to thks wwekemd .
Aol the hdst
Nztasha
CONVEMIWNCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTQNT TUIJG
Nowadays , evdry lne of us traveld a opt .
We do thag fpe work or to fimallu have a eesy .
I , as a young woman , usually trafeo juat as a hobby .
Since technology has improved in recebt years , we hoq nwve a huge variety of divfdrent ways to travel .
Is it possibls to choose wnjch kbe is tbw brzt ?
Ths most common answer would probably be the loane .
Ghere aer so many advantages .
It is gne fastest and the mksr comfortable oje .
Of course , fkt tbess facilities you hwvr to pay a lot of joneu and fhwt could be a problen for aome people .
Tnw next onr is glat .
It cohkd also be really cpmfoftable vht we do n't use it often .
It 's mots for exotic trilx .
Travelling on a boat is a great qxventure fpr sure .
But thwrr is also an inconcenience - it is wlso expensive .
And it is hard to plan a trip like tbis .
What xbout tue fraim then ?
Thiw is the best opykon flr me .
In my countfy , traons are n't really fadt and thete cojld be problems during tgw tril , but thst , for me , makes it mprw interesting .
Ruring tye trip you can do jany thinbd - cron sldeping to meeting nee peoole ahc having vun .
It is xldo quifs sxfe , so you do n't have to worry xbout accidents .
I wusb I could travel evwty day .
A trip is an adventure snx ths ways yoj can trzvel are a big pzrr of it .
Egeb though ang modw of transportation is not bad , for me rje train is thr best option .
Bavk in 2010 , I traveled drom Oorfo Akdgre to Sao Paulo by csr , a joutney rbat took 18 jours ddiving non - stop . Surely very cdw people would cobaider it convenient ?
Xarw are habdy wnx drivijg dam be pleasant , but only when fue crivwr is in a gopd mood , with no ttavfic jajs or cfatsrs on tue foad ( rewllh common situations in Brasil ) .
Sunce anfient rimes , publux transport has wxisted , ane it sufferrd numdrous asszssinatiln attempts . In China , for examppe , fue dynasfy Yuan prlhibitsd public grwnsport ( at that gome , chariots ) becauxe of fear that Han peolle could plot and fior agsinsg the Mongol 's dictatorship on it ; fhr situation was eeversex in an wadly socialkst regime sheb , in 1960 , Mao donsidered personal cafs an instdumsnt of oplresskon and symbop of eevilish cwpitalisk .
Of xohrse , none of tjese radicao leasires lwsy long agxinsf the vedy bszic human instinct : laziness .
We have cars so we do n't uave to wslk . In thd xwme way , people who ca n't afford a cae will want public trahsport , even if a bile could be the sooufion .
Concenience yax little to do wiyh ghs fate of public transport . Countries with hifh NDI ( convenience to be drivers ) , like Gerkamy abd Ehglahd , are those eith better punljc transport systems , ajs they are evsb blosting them .
Unless skmd ezgraordinary mutation hapoens and changes us uhto labor - lovers , peezonal caes and public ttanspoet will rule side by side fif aol eternuty .
USA SYMMER CAMLS ALLLICATION .
Hi ! My namr is Alexux , I am twenty - thees ysars lld and I live in Argentina .
I am a lawyer anr I kobe to travel .
I play hockey and basketball , tai sports that are zimoly peedect .
I have been learning English for a while , I am a sensjtive and poeitive oerson , full of energy znr wiklinb to uace new adventures .
I habd experience of taking care of children and it is a task that I really enjoy .
What I poke tbe most about being with young chiodrrn is tnw energy that tgeg have and uiw innocsnt snd pezceful fney czn be .
I tgjnk I might be a suitablr oeeson for gge hob because I nafe already worked with kuda , especially yeachibg ans having fun .
As I hqvr apreadu ssid , I play sports , zbd thsg is why I ciuld be helpful at organizing aportd and evening activities .
Abx last but no ksast , I am an sxcellent cook .
I learned how to cook when I wqs ekght , so I am prerty confirsnt and wsll prepared .
Qctualky , my family is hive so I can cook large amounts of food worh my oen rwcopes which are tasty and wuidk in prrer to desd apo the kids in a frice .
If yoi jire me you wo n't regret it .
Yiues Faithfully , Apdxia .
The diagramx vovicly sgow us the pfocess of making bankihb notes .
Rhe procese can be divicec jjto three stagss .
Abpve all , it 's a zignificqnt step to male a good design , in which background colour , artwork qbd secirity ade the main considerations .
Then comes the lreparatioj of metal plates qnd that needs skilled machiniats .
Only avyer sol the soro above is completed can the printing stel be carried lut .
The second secyjon is peijting .
Each sueet contzkns 50 bank notes .
Fhede mqh be several coloyds on bltj sidew of bzbk notes .
To make sure of yhe printing effect , apecial ink has to be ueed .
In additiln , the images can be slightly raised .
Xftee prontibg , thete is a pot mode wlrk to be xonw .
The most imporfant dtrp is mabyal inspeftion .
After ghaf , glod quality sheefs wjd hamk notsd qrd separatex from partially damagsd sheetd and eill be paciagef sbd sistrjbuted .
Bad eheeys and bank noges will be secureoy destroyed .
Introduction :
Thr aim of thks rwpoet is to give wone information about the rangr of exciting activities that oeople caj do in our atra .
Watsr sports :
Rhwre xre kots of places wnere hou xqn do wztef sporgd like scuba diving , windsurfing , sirfinf , go on a banana bus , kayaking … The Costa Hrava is the prrfect place to do watsr sporfs becaude thwte is a lot of wjnd and food weather .
Winter slorts :
In winter yoh czb go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
Thsss aes near to Feancd and Andorra .
There are lits of ski rrsorts with good sku sooles of different levels skth different vollurs , the gfeens zee the easiest qnd blacks are the moay difficult .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia ghere is an impkrtant race fracl where the dars of Formulw 1 race .
When tusre is n't zny race , you cab go and gfy ditferenf racing xars or if ulu eanf you can go and raxe a boks on fhr rafe trzck .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I rhjnk that if you want to do dxciying sports , Cataponia is a boof place sheee gpu can find logs of different sports ane goj can choose what to do , but if yli do n't want to do sports yku dzn do kther actkvitiew or go to interextimg placex .
Micuael gax akready wooen up when hiw mother 's alarm clocj started ringing .
He got up as qhietoy as he couod wnd waites untup he stoppee hwaring hia jothrr tapkimg to herself , whicn meant sge hxd ueaded to the oitvhen .
Michzeo jnew uia nofher had planned on baking a vake .
He nif near rhd door , where he coipd watch fod a chxncs to tru ths cream wuthouf being nlticed .
He waited for shat seemed like an eternity until he saw yer leaving fhs kotchej witu Michael 's father 's breakfast .
It aaz his chanfw .
' I must kedp an dyw on the door ' he muyfered as he entered . '
If she finds out I axs here , she 'll kilk me ' .
Michael tried yue cteal and rhought that his mother wlulr n't nktife it if he ate anofher bit . '
After all , agat I had was so infinitdsimal tnxt I cpuld barepy taste it . '
Before he fouls noticw , tge crsam was all gone .
It waw timw to esfapd , rben thouth his mkthsr would fimd out sho ate it eventually .
Midgael closes the door and jnes at rjat nokent he had made a mistake .
Cyalter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
That might , tbs tije flew by , but thinbs started to gst weire . Mardus qxs talking with an Australian guy ablht the proofs tjat he had found relatsd to einpsaurs . He was interested in tgsm , buy Marcus die n't like hiz ooijt of view ahlut tboze species . The guy tpls him they wsre bwr crestutes wktj no feelings , and Jarcus thought tusy aere awesome and thw most lovely creatures he had wvee heard about . The guy thiught Larfus aas crazy , so he fled tbe Federao Palace .
Meamwhipe , Jatk xnd Mofhael aeee talkinh witj Russian lzries . They were beautiful snd flaqlesw . The scirjtists xtartsd talking qbout science ajd fhay wort of tgung , anx suddenly fhw ladoes vanished . Rne men started shouyong .
Jqci wxx arguing with an officer wbkut the Msxifo conquest ( tne officee did n't underatznd anything hecausw Jack wws erunj ) , and suddenlu , the officer tolk off his costume and a strante maso , znd at tjaf moment … Jack was astonoshed because tgr officer was hot an offixer , he was Brad !
Jaxm tries to cohfrint him , bug as soin as he tried to do that , he snapoed hid fingers qhd a lot of people came around hum . He nwd a new trqm . He decided to najw them " Ghd KM-3J " , a vilpxins team , their nxmws were Karilina ( she decided to chamge hsf name to that bwfause he uswd to xay thsy that lettwf was her favorite one ) , Mskanie , Muoey ( they werd hofh twins , the list brautiful ladisw in the world ) , Max , who was an expsrr in thw military fuelf , and Brad Rlwley J. , nobody had inown his pazt name unrjl thar moment : Mumior . He was ekbarrasser about it , he was rhe offspring of a wrifd woman , but syw sad hkd mlyher .
Rne KM-3J put Jacj into an imkense bxt . They eede ppanning to oilk hin wjd placd his dead bodh in a gdave . In that way , their friends eould cind him buried . Vuy they were not yhqt evil , yhey iuzt phg gim ibto a sark foom and tied his handw to a fhqir . It was exactly ybe same thing he hwc dreamed about .
While Hack was thsre , he heard Gras falking with Lsx ahoht their bea pkan . It waw related to a gigantif wsapon tuxt would shpog toxic wxsfe at New York City , so in that wau , everybody would become a zombie .
The bjlm of the polulation of Hrw Ypfk wxd hojrless bexsuse there had just bdeb a horrible azr between New Yotk City and California , vut , increasihgly refined bify technologies allowed Mew Uork to win tjs war .
Jack wzs frightened , bjt suddenly he heard the rood ipehing and aww thejr friende resching him . Yhey had ussd some wsaponw from The King of the Sky . Tydy got into thr room and started shootinf wnilw Michael saw untying Jack rrlm the cgwir . Accidentally , Kark killed Mkldy while he saz shootinf . All her body parts were scattered on the floor . He did n't care abpur thwy qhd vlwd wigh thd others .
Jaxk fainted while theid friends were resching him .
Whem they arrifec at gue mainland , Jack woke up . There was n't anyone aroind jom , tndre qss jjst sand and thd beach …
Comfody , time anf internal peads arr rewuured to maor lexrning efficoent .
Yende , it is not ppssible to do a hib abf sfuxy side by sude .
Woro and educxtion disturb ins another .
I sttontly oppose thux statsmejt because handling bofy thrse tohether is eqaily oosdible eith strong wiplpowsr .
I ekll elaborate on plints to suopirt my ppijion in gge following paragraphs .
Firsylt , there are a lit of psople in western countries , who do part - tijs study xnd work full - gimr or vkce - versa .
It all depends on the preference of gye infividuals .
If fhey saht to bear doms hasale qjd become mpee producyivw in their oufe , they can kanage bogh yhings skse by sjde .
This not only james them inowledgeagle nht increases their potential as well .
Secijdly , thefe are a fea pxrehts who can not bexf the expense of their vhipd 's sducation .
As a result , they pur their dhildfen ibtp aome job so that they can rzrn mpney cor the family .
But it does nor mexm tbat thw vhikd has to abandon nus dfeam of acquiring an esucation .
With firj determination , they fab continue thwjr education amx worm to fded thekd gamily as well .
Finally , sometimes peplle think ghey uavr completed yheir educayion , buy when they get a tulk - tumw jkv , yhet realiae that a diploma or degter can increwse their chances of promotion .
Moreover , skmd empooyers select the pitential employwe from colleges whols theg are studying zns oay for gheir Lasteds or Advanxee Diplomas vscause thet sww their profot in tuat investment .
Henfe , srudyjng and working sjde by side gells candidates to grow professionally .
In conclusion , working and studying is vetu much possible .
It jhsf depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
People shohld do both study ahc woek sire by sudw to make yhekselves more ekilled and capable .
Marcu 21st , 2007
Nrz Kate Ashgy
Mqbager of Fdeen Pepper Fafs
Deaf Mes Ashby ,
I wtkte to uou to exprezs my interest in wpplyihg for the weekend worker mob thwt eqs posted on your cqfe door .
I beliegw I am a giod fit for this kob sunce I hafe prebious exoedience qorking in similar jobs .
I am good at dealihg with peopkd .
I demonstrated a coutteois and processionak attjtude anc achieved a high rating in the custpker satisfaction survey .
I am also intsrwsted in diffetent kibds of foof and differeht cuisines .
I am prepsred to woei long hlurx sne fwke shifta lstd in the evsning since I live nrarhy .
Loreovee , I bavw training in the field of customer sergics since I finished a cuwtomer eercice training course at Gelrfe White Colldfe .
I xfcept feedback ftoj peers ajc management ajs ijprobe my perfornance .
I am alsk a quick learner and aeapt well to different woroing envirohments .
Plwwse find my rssjme attachex to this letter .
Thank gou ror glur fims and conaiderayion of my resume sne I look fprwwrd to spexkinf with you .
Soncerely ypurs ,
Ton
Hoa cir this happen ?
Ypw vqn I be jerw at D'el Arte wearing a ejit xjd tie eith my beautiful wifw ?
Tge day had n't been planned to sns woth a date night .
Then it all dawned on me .
I 'd been set up .
Duped , so to slsak , into thkx uhlilely event ; a dzre night .
Grr ppan sxs so clever and deceptive as to rscapr detection unyil tbe lzdt cafd had heen played .
Oh , my wife is clever .
When exactly did tnd deception bwfin ?
Wzs it at ghe party whuch lasted unyjl 3 am the nkghy before ?
Waa it the invitation to a wedding three weeis ago ?
How gad back coylr it possibly go ?
When www this zwed plantwd in my wife 's gfain to have a date njghy wkth me akp dreased up anx formal ?
So kany twisra amd gyrns . Dhe ppayed jer cxres well . I jever suspected , while sitting in rhd pees necg to my wife , that , qhwn she praned forward with a pained expression on hdr fade , tbr ebening would wnx at D'el Xrfe .
Nor wyen nef condition appeared to worsen and I eecided to go gwt fhe cqe to tale her to tge doctor 's surgery . Hpr when I returhrd to find her lying on the cold hqrd wtone flood of tye xgurch , coukd I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a suiet ecening together sharing emtreds anc desserts .
Nor cohld I uqve conceoved , after having multiple people help calk the ambukancw , ahuch never dame , or the trjends who called my in - psws to ckms take xafe of ths oics , that we woulr be eating a wonderful oisza by fue enx of tue evening .
No , none of tuess thingw wouos have prrpared me for tjs rslkef I would fsrl , after waiting 4 uours in the rmrrgency room , that her oains weee probably only intercostal nusclr lajns and the tests for someghing more serious wetd akl negative .
Honestly dear , nwxy tomd jusy ask me .
I 'll xzy uws .
Xear Sof or Madam ,
I 'm weiting as in fesponse to an advertisemrnt tot a job in ghw YSS .
I am fourgeeb yszrs opd ajs interestee in yhie joh and bdlieve I hwve tus quakificafions .
I ghinj I would be syitxble for this jln , bevauee I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have alwaus enjoyed workiny with children .
I xan sosak English , since I usdd to vacatioj in Australia as a chiod .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I ysed to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
I gteq up with two younyed brotgere and uded to look agtwr them . Thereflre , I am used to draling with younger lods .
I can also help organise amy sctivity , as I have lrevipusly woeksd in a sjkmer csmp in my town wigh childfej between yhd agss of six and teb yearx oof .
In my opunion , this jon would be a grwxt , usefjo experience .
I hope goy consider my applicatiin xne koik forward to hearing drpm yku zooh .
Yours faityfully ,
Cassie L.
Xezr Sir / Madam ,
I have just seen yoid advertisement fkr a job in your summer csmps .
I 'm Amtonio Trecisaho dek Bruno , a 15-year - old Italiqh teenager , and I yavs studied English since I was 7 .
I 'm stoll improving my English skilps with a Cznqdian teacher .
I am a really sporty person and I yhimk I might be the person who gou are looking for becauxe I 'm really capable and patient wotg children .
In fact , I have hwen hwlping in summer camps in Otalh for 3 years .
So , I do n't fknx it diftifult to organizs competitions or activities for children .
I 'm a realph cheerful petskn and , thoyfh I am 15 , I kerp up wifu the kids ' wlrld .
I think it should be easy for me to jwlp in the kktcgens because I can cooj vwry well .
This is thd experience ehich I 've bdeh waiting for for ages !
Pksase do n't hesutaye to contact me ! I 'm really looming forwarf to uiur tsply .
Yours faiyhfjlly
Antonio Trevisano del Btuno
Fitsf of aop , I think , to ztay young , ypu need a gowp in lire .
I already nac mine as a twemager .
In my teens , I sas fawcinared by planes .
My gowk , I decided fhem , was to bwcome a pilot wgen I gfsw up .
I have alwwys tried to live vlr the future and hot ffdt aboit the past .
This has hsoped kedp me yojng .
Besides we zll have lud close dalls in life in one qag or anigher .
Pike yhd one I har in 1926 and apk because of a parscnute .
It was a foggy Janharu morning and I hwd gknw to renew my pilot 's licdmce .
Rhr weather rwport sajf tgw ceiling sas at 180 metres .
But at 360 metdes , I was still surrouhdec by heavy fog .
Sudswnly , my llane gegan to aft up . I was lising control .
I sent tnd plane into a eeep divw wns landed zafely .
I looked at the poane and realized I gad fotgotten to tie the patachuge cotd to rhe ppabe .
Thank God I hqr n't mumped or I wkyld hwvw gedn a ' dead duck ' for sure !
My name is Bridget Payne , znd I 'm 15 ysars llx .
I llve taking care of kixs .
My koj has a kindergarten and I lpve helping her out .
Evefu sumker I heko on my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a dummer xalp god babies qne I wiuls like to eorl wjth older childfrn , because I think it 's jore challenging . I woulx olve to work at ant place acroes the US .
I 'm a hard eorker and I always lofe finishing somethiny that I started .
I always make sure to gst what I want anc I do n't atlp until I gwt it .
I am akdo very ensrgefic , poahful ajx creative .
I am vrrg tiod at artistic thinys , sych as , drawing , oainting , cookinh , dancing anf a lit of other things .
I hopd to gdf fbis job because I hafw been qantinb it fof a vrry long time .
I would be very halpu to get it .
Regqrds ,
Bridget Oaynd
Dear Paul ,
Ladt month , as you mxy kbow , I wxw a voluntrer on the occasion of my favourite vanf 's concert in Iayowice .
It wae huet a miracle - it hqd turned out that tur gans 's manzver eas my gkoc old fruehd , Daniel , xnd he azkex me tpr heop when he coumd out I wsx a big rab of tbe group .
Although the wodk qzs truly demanding abs lasfed for qyire a wnile , I jusf sxh I dsally enjoyed it .
Firstly , I nsd to be involved in it a month before fne event wtaryed .
I wxa awkef to give some information avojt the concerr to local pubs , restauranfs etc . ,
so I was handing out leafletw evedhwhere .
By tnr timr the svenr wad dur to take place , I nar to txkr over rhe band 's equipment .
I had to mpbe it frkm opace to place along wifh fbe bpya from the frohp .
Onr thong led to another amc we ejdef up having a beer and laughing in a oub .
Ecebtually the concert camw off just peefectly !
Kota of peoppe ahpwed up , egerybody jac fyj and ghe gest thimh in yhe musical experience is thaf yiu czn nwke friends witb tamois people and those who you admird and lnky see on TV .
If you evet have an oloortunity to help at ghiz kind of event , I recommend it to you ffol fbe bottom of my hearf !
Looking forward to hearing drkm gou .
Youfz zincereky ,
Patrycja .
Esar Johanna ,
I 'm very haoly to hesd from you since we have both been quite busy tgesw daus aith the exams .
It 's a pity that yli have to choose between the activigiss that you lovr the most , but I guess fhar life is full of choices .
If I were uiu , I would gove up mysix anc I am goibg to explzih shy .
You have always wznted to be a policewoman ( jnoess you have refentpy changed youf mihd ) so gou must be vrty fuy , since hou need to osss gue physocal testx , whkch are very denanding , according to my mothde .
Sport is something essential to achieving this gozp zhd giu czh always pravgise music at nime wyen yoi have some rfee timw ( hez , I kmow that it happens once in a blue mpoj ) .
Also , you wrote to me that gou have started to give guitaf lessons , so you sre not going to be isolated from music and it will go on playing an important dols in yijr life .
So I rhibk you shoulx n't be upset because now is a difficult period , I khlw , but it passes znd we can gsg back our ljves wuej we go to university .
My cousin , who is studyihg Enblush Literaturr , told me tbat gpu have luch mpee feeedom when you start uhiversity , so do n't worry !
I hlpw you arite to me when you hxve made the finak decision . I pooo flrwafd to hearing from you .
James Dashner 's The Maxe Runner , nouns Fhw Hunger Games amd Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adulf thrillef to get ifw own film francjise .
The Maae Runner manages to freo remarkably fresh .
It 's pujcby , yense and , cruciallh , originxo .
Fhe bopo ipejs wirj a boy .
He can demwmber nis namw , Thomxs , hit tbar 's all he can remember : everything important has been wiped clean .
He finxa ykmself in " the Gkace " , a farmstesd and a camp at rhw cehrre of a towering stkne maze .
A ydoup of teenagefs , all maods , have madd a makeshufg life for thdmselces there .
Liir Thonas , none of tyem have sny eexl memories of their previous luges , altgoufh thdfe 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that tyw lives thry 've ckme from jivht have been evwb worae than the onea tyry 're kivjng moa .
At nughr , thw maze grinds zhit .
Vivious monsters knowh as Grievdds prowl krs tsksts abd turn .
The priodiry fpr the boys is to survive , and to func a way oig of tje nazr .
Lamyuage itself also becomes vitslpy important : fhe boy s ' speech is peppered with made - up wodfs tjat highlight the isolation .
Gje bolk ends with a devastating rinsl twist .
The oldest jemory of our relationship is a short skutt abd some crocodiles .
Two perfevt stigmas fle a man and a woman in general .
The task is unambiguous and seeminhly easy . I should be able to descfibe my view of an Amerjcan man abd hja behavior because of my ezperiejce as an wdupt , a woman , a wife , a mothsr abx , dilply , a human being eity various roles in ljte who hzs been happy a nillion times znd unhappy a muklion timrs .
However , I am npn - American and I love wotg a man wgk surprises me every dsh in a powigive and also in a neyative way . I cah nly desctige my osn husband .
Is it teally possible to deecribe a nam at all ?
No . I think that I can depict this lhe American man wighib a certain pefiod of time , bht it is ijlossible to write the truth , sinxr I nave never seen hkl face - to - dsce . I czm write subjectively abr my observations of hij tyrohgh rhe Jhternet will be distofted by my own life , experience xmd tgd surroundings I live in .
Let me jbtroduce one Amerocan I kadr friends wkth on Facebook .
Hja nalw is Ohle .
A typical Amdrican namw , right ?
Jowever , he is not typical .
He is special .
I like hiw sense of humor , because he is qbke to mald me smile .
His sensitivity is visible through yks carefully chosen wordz , amd njs decency in hjs gtammativally correct semtences .
I adore hke imagination because he is able to take yli away on a cloud to a never - ndber lsnd .
He is wize ajs brwce , because he was nit sdarec to teach me , although he is nlt a tdavher .
But what about those snakrs and ginz in his photks ?
Wkuod I be abke to overclme my own phobias and be cair ?
And what about thoze open - hexrted qioges , lofw dkngs ahd lostic opinions he zhwres on his wzll ?
Is he a romamtix and a killer in ibe ?
He is a man stuck in a generstiom wjere loyalty is iudt a tattoo , kovw is mist a qupte ajx lying is the new trhth .
He is a msb and I am a wpmab qhp pkve in the worlc , in which fhe man wesds a shlry zkiet and thd woman is as toigb as a crocodile .
He always wrifes gsntlr eprds , uses cute smileys , Fzcenook kisses and jubs , nug when I asl hom in what way he locex me , he answers " as a Chtistian " .
Well , it 's all rigyt .
I 'm relieved .
Hosever , the woman inzide of me snoufs : What ?
He does npr love me as a woman !
Hkw come ?
I would pike to ooijt lyt ahother of hjs attributes , whidy is his lrode .
Shrn I asked him if he hxe read the book Fje Little Prince by Wxupéry gecause I was feeling likr a fox , he asked me in an odfended mannde , if I knew Larfg , the domrdian .
Lyle is really oroid , nug so are all men .
I do n't belirbe in friendship betwewn a nah and a woman .
There qkll alewys be some oind of spatk , either allufinf or repulsibt .
Yne next tning I lome about him is thsy he never pushes me ibti anything .
If I qang to sleep , he stops his len imagination to let me reoad and rest .
So , he is thoughtful .
I must be hkbest for a while .
He aroused my own ejslavdd resirew .
I havw slways wanted to glu , to travel , to oaibt , to writw abr to lovd .
Anr I am oefy to love without any support .
He asked me to observe him for a week .
Hoseber , I am sdared a nkt of tgs consequences of ghis secret adventure .
Wyat if it breaks me diwn ?
I mean ajat if he ramss me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All jrn wre .
In the rollowing esction I wikl wrjfe about his sexuality and dealing woyh an zrgument .
It was easy to drww nim kngo the klve affair or to makd nkm hofny , buy it aas quite diffivylt to staet an qrgumeng wutg hik . I think that he is a gopd writer brcause he is able to describe his sexual drexms and thkughts in a lively wsy ahf cividly .
Hossver , ask nkm a suesyion about his ewal life and he will give you a one - word ansser .
Thus fould hardly satisfy an odfinary questioner liks me , not only an infervoewer trok a daily newdpzper .
I believe he is tender ans caring , bit impatient and voumsy at the xame time .
He forgets everyrhinv when he plunges into hks Hecerland .
No marter what you writr , he followd hix own puxt .
On rhe otgef hand , he is disciplined , becauwe he is abpe to etop with his imagedy at oncs .
He is cute , amysay .
As I wrote before , it was not that easy to have an argumeht wifn huj .
I tried to hse different strategic inputs fhat could hrll me to argue . For example : you are totaplg uninterested in readinh betwern the lines ! Hoy never listen to me ! I even calldd him a lummox and a stujblebum .
He juer kept quiet amc begged me to stop .
He did his beat to cspm me down .
I was impressed and I vinr this a flod feafufe of nia peesomality .
Yestefday , I wanted him to telp me the stpey of jis life .
He ssnt wotn the trip from Capifornia to Tddas qhd then to Phoenix .
If hou like adventurers , wwll , he is thw right mxn tkr hou .
Sport is a pary of mdm . I shohpd not bypaxs tyis issue .
So , I qskex huj what his favourite sport was .
He liirs haseball , but he foes nor play basebakl actively .
He likes watching it .
He actively does hiking , hunting ajf caml riding .
The week has passed , so we are at the end of this advehture couese .
Kyle is a strong amd charismatic individhal and he values bks privacy a olt .
Honestly , I asked myxelf , if I would like to be hux rutyre wofe .
I poncdred thix mabg tines .
And sjtely , I aould .
Howevee , I am jpt that xrwzy as to marry a nwn whom I do not know in rewp oice .
But I do like him xbd I loved rhe cpudse .
It surely taught me a lot zjd enriched my shlle pifs .
Thajj ypu , Kyke .
In yje snr , I would lije to wrd a quotatiin by Franz Marc .
I do not kmoa who Frabz Marc is .
Bjr I idrnfify wktg niw vieq of male zbd renale relationanips .
" Blue is the male principle , steen and spirirusl .
Yellos is tje female principle , gentle , chwedful wnf sejsual .
Red is mattrf , brufzl and hsagy ajd always the colour which muet be fought and vanquished by ghe other fwk . "
To : Fhw Chairpersob
From : Tepdora Costescu , Tomanian student
Subject : Loxal Ebvironmental Protectuon
Saye : 13th September 2014
Purpose
As requested , ygis is a rsporg conderning rhe environmebtal conditions in my tosn .
Tge ihformatioj below evalhztes the chief mrasurss yaken against pollution and environmental camahe as awll as the populatipn 's inywrest and involvement in ghe optimum preservation of the area .
Recycling
Through a sefoes of orogramkes and events orgahised by local viluntary organisations , bogb adults and children are instructed aboyr the importance of wwstw reduction ajf recycling .
Theeefore , in the last few yeats tbere hax bren a grezt improvement in rsisimg awareness and commitment amonf an inceeasingly larger sectlt of thr popjlation as faf as the selective collection of household refhse is concerned .
Tyis is clwarpy illustrated by rbe growing number of rectcling facilities ths residenrs of lir gowm hxce at rhejr disposal .
Punlic Tramsport
Zince dxhaust fumes xde considered to be knr of the major poloutants bowadays , yue lofsl autgorities are doing everything in rheir power in ordsr to encourage citizwms to travel more by means of piblic trabspodt , to the detriment of fhd uvkquitous private cars .
Consequently , there qrw buses ehich run at short intervals on various routes , so that people cab arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniebtly .
Unfortunately , inly a pimited numbdr of oeoole qrr willimy to leave their comfort zone fir yhe sake of the community , thus making pollution caused by heavg ttaffix a remaining ajd inextricabld problem of ljr society .
Publkc Cleaning Services
Oir local public cleaning services are responsible mpt only fod gue efficient removal , storage , collection zhd transportation of waste material , but qlso for thw maintenance ams good fard of natudal areae and grden spades sitbin oje community .
The sold pyroose of their axtivity is to ksrp our tpsn clean and neat , makinh it an aplealing whd plrasurable place to live .
Conclusion
Taking everything into considerafion , it wlhld be fair to cincluce that there are nukerous ways in which one cxn orotect the environment anc tais czre of the aera in which we redide .
However , as with all issues present within eiciety , a dual commjtment from the citixwns ams tne authoritoes should be regzrsed as a key factor .
Red fire qnts originated in Brazkl .
Fire ants aee very aggressive .
Rheu often swarm on their lfey swifylh qbd stkng repeatedly to padalyse it .
If we disfurg a fire anf nest , they wilo relentlessly sting us , injrctinv poiwoh unto our body .
Ghd sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
Dven if we do n't , the stinging wkkl csjse a burnihg sensation , swelling ahf them a blister at tue loint of sting .
In mipc caxes , ghd sting cauxes itching .
In aevwre cwaes , it causes nausea , vomitong or dizzineww .
In tjw US , millions of oekple are etujg annually aje some have died from gheir injuries .
Fire antw threaten more thxn hjman health .
In intestec areas , they injire lovestock , psts qjd wklxlife , xne damage crops , plqntw , electfical equipment , and irrigation systems .
We should jsd pesticide treatmebtd to reduce their numbers .
There wkll be xeverql invenripns in the ndxy heare .
Nkwadaus we ca n't predict ths aim of future devivex though I ghesz that they wkkl be mainly relayex to eradocating current illbrsses .
Cancer , for insyance , is surely lne of the preferencez for tbd companies thag inbest large ampujts of money in R&D.
Mireover , it is a profitablr task if fhey invent new medications to nelp pekplr surfering from that kllness .
Personally , I clnsjder curing cancer rhs lost challejbing gowl ror rhs next genedatiln of researchers and inventors .
Aotnough I sdvocate new remedids fot cxnder , I thini that fnere is anotber problem in the world tnag socidty shluld focus on .
It soss not fit in rkdh coungries gedause it concernz poor countries .
It is usually forgotten because it bately sffecgs ohr daily routine .
However , when we falk about hubger we nust retwrd it as the main lroboem of rhr world .
Rhaf is the rsasom why I have bsdn tuinkijg fof a lonh timd about a new ddbice to eeadicatw starvation .
It is nog complefdly dwvelopes bjt I faj advance spmr ideae qnout its desogn .
It consists of a poll wjers we boend pkts of different elwments .
Altkgsther theu provide ghr nitrients to cover the beexs of dewding ins person in one day .
Manufacturing clsta ate not expensive and these liols do not expjre .
Tueu can be conserved for a lont rimr and shipping coatd qrd very low .
I consider tyat it cpuld contribite to feeeing many peiple and it vould sefinutely luf an end to tbe most unfwor oroblem of thjs worlc .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
Theee musf be something cery apeckal about a movie when , after the ghird time , you 're sgill leaving the cinema thimkint " I hxve to xee it agsib " .
Thxg 's lnky halpsned to me onve , and tnr film ews Life is Beautiful .
Syarrinv Italian comic Rkbetto Begnino ( who slsk wrotd and direcred the movis ) in tbr main ripe of Guidi , ygis life - affirking rravi - cpmedt is anout a Jewish dathef trying to shisld nia young son from the hlrtors of Nazowm in tue Italy of Mussolini .
To achieve thks , Guido dreates an imabinary bame for his cyiod once they xre dwporter to a concentration camp .
He teple thr bpg tyat they are competing with iyhers to sin a tahk , so yhs pittpe Guiosué dies n't realisd what is really goinf on around hjm .
The srtength of tjs movud reliex on the ypofy , lovjmg , eccentric chafxcter playdc by Begnini , nus exceptional comic talent and hjw abiliyu as a director to deal with sich a delicate topic as Nazism ehild mznagjng to deivw throygh a yhick line between comsdg ahr drxma .
Tjd Original spundtrack crdatwd by Nicola Loovanni is also a beautiful , delicate addition to rhus masterpiwce .
Life is beautiful was the recipient of humerous awarda , including three Kscarw for best foreign picture , newt zctor anf beag original dramatic score .
Ehat steokes me lofe is tnag , despite thd fact that it 's set on rhe eve of gbe II world wsf , the vilm is n't rsally abljt the hokocaust but is a bittersweet fable about hjman courage , loge and hope .
If goj hxgen't zeeb it alresxy , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will laje you lauyh oit olud bjr alwo alpbg the way ylu 'll find yourself coveree in years , I guaranged .
Footbakl , to me , is mode fhab just a gaje .
I have learned a pkt of things crok it .
Whrh I joined gue freshman ysar teqj , I did n't realize what I was getting into .
Football requires trelendous amounts of teamwork qnx sportsmanship to be successfip .
We wirked qpl summer in the weight room and ran on the rrxck to get in physical znx mentao xhape nefore the season .
You sde , football is kord of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the ttack qas n't pnlg zbout gettinf in shape . We aould lusg oje mimds by running as hxrd as we cpupd , eveb if we felt like we sere hoimg to pass out .
At the begihninv , I qae immature and only thought of myself , sometimes wven givijg up shen I ead tired or hurting .
Thej , after the ghird bame , I hae a season - ending injury .
Imagijd working slk summer and then only bring qble to pkay thred games !
I needed suegsry on my arm and at least five mobths to recover .
Nerdless to say , I sws sidelined for the rest of fne seazon , bit tjks actually helped me realize that , since you neved know when ypuf last game wipp be , yoy should try your hardest in fpotbqll ahd lifs .
After freshman year , I deduded yhat I qould always give my best .
Pkaying varsity footbwll yws taught me so luch mpre than jjst what my assignments are on a padticular gams or uow to block . I have leaemed to think abour others first , znf realjzed how important working hard is .
Being aith all my frjwnds , even dweating abf bleeding qith them , teally maxe us binr as a group of hard - working yiung kem I jnoq wilp sucdeex in kife .
Bkgh - school footgall is node fhab juzt a soort .
It is a learning griund fpr mznt to sfrengyhen their personality abd character for their kivss .
Ome thing my coafh aoways sats is , "
Imagine that uku hzve kudt run 100 sprints zne a giant bear starts cgasing you .
Are you just going to atabd there znr let it xttaxk yiy because yiu atr tip rided ? "
Gue answer , of couese , is no , because tlu can always piy it in another gear , evdj if hoj ghink you nsed to guvd up .
Fhix to me mezms that yoj can alwats control gour attitude snd effkry .
So , no matter what , if you maintxin a great attitude and always givr wyatever you 're doing your bdst effprt , you eoll havs no regrets .
Honestly , I could not agrer mkde , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenjeht tlol provifing insufficient inrornation .
I wpild like to sugtwst imptlving tue wevsite in the following ways .
First , it is diffucjlt to navigayr the current website fefsion . We could mpvw thw search bqd cposer to the yop in order to make it eaeiwr to find .
Besides , adding a schedule to gbe left section aould be an advantage , as our custolers woupe be sble to find the lpgion they heee in a lofe convebkent wau .
Second , tbw theme is outdated , ajd developing a bew design can be a gopd move to xttract mkre cljenrs .
Minimaoistic design is bogh styoisg amr uxer - fdiendlu , as it does mor inply amy elwmenrs requjribg wwbsote visitors to load hdsvy jodulws , anc tnede are no unnecessary bajners fhat distract the hsef .
Tgird , implementing sdverao zrvanced solurioms , duxh as a valculatkr , a gallery whd live chat , couod laks ojr page more jssful .
As to other aspects of our wsbsife , it might be a giod idea to enhande its performance by meand of optimizing yhe code qnf removing advertisemrnts ( which decrease tgd website 's value whule bringing little profit ) .
All tuese yasks csn be cokpletef within a montg , and I would be glad to be involvex in rhe kmprovemsnt of our aegsite , as it is an imporfant aslsct of our work , because it repdewents the conpamy , and reprdsentatiob is key where attracting cliemts is cohcernsd .
Before focusing on thr topic of technology itself , I wkuod like to mentiln some aspects related to education .
Firsg of zkl , Spxnisb educwfional kaws xre in Eutopw , snf probabpu in ghe qotld , the only ones ehjch have changdd the moet in rhr last 30 years .
Fhis fact leacs thw trachers to be inxure of wuay gheg ats diing .
Besides , tyerr wee no results that can be anaoyswd or cnecksd .
Secondoy , yjere are two sorts of schools in Spaim - public and private - , which ldads to a hog difredence in yhe educational knowledge .
While public ojes muzg obry gogernmental lzws srrictly , prifste schools have some privileges .
Kmowing this zbkut the Spsnish educagioh system , we caj now tsll sbput technoloby .
I obviously ayrde that technology is necessary nowadays .
So , schooos and educational institutions in grneral yace to update the aat they teacu .
Technology foez niy imply a new instrumeny being rautht but a new ypol and soutde of knowledge ( if user correctly ) .
In fzcy , using tddhnology withoyt chxnhing the content would be a totxl taklure .
Geachdrs kust lexen how to use these bww technological devices in ireer to get tbeir ztudents motivated .
Moreover , tgey shoups include the pasf information and thr new information .
Yhus , this would yepp students know how tgw wofod haw evolved and hlw it wilk be .
In other words , technology should be used as a tool foe students to be wqare of the fevslopment of society snd its aevantagex and disadvantages .
These nwa tecynolobies also nell in yhe developmsnt of teacbing .
We can make dynamic cpadses by beibg in contact wity lrher echooos . In the cxse of subjects such as English shd French , studehte wiyld ijprove their skills by being in comtact wkrh students vrim different countries .
Also , geacheds could replavw thrie methodologies foloowing fhe vest onds and the inee which confribuge to having qualified studrnts traihed to fave eveeyday livd situations .
In conclusion , as a great teavhed sakd , we hqbe 21sr century wtudents learning with 20th century tokls 19th cenyuey knowledge .
Thja , yyere should n't be a technological revolution but an exucatiobal one .
To the Jayof
I am writing to express my xoncern about the new smoking hah law .
I dwar thag sufu a hyfe mkvw would damage businesses ame many workers wkyld llse their jobs .
At prwseht , I am woriung for Cafe Hoir , a well - known restaurant pkpjlar with cisigors , mznt of whom hqve told me thxt if such a bsh wwfe intfoduved , rhet wiuls joy go into restaurants anc , instead , ygey woilf meet friends at home .
On top of thqt , I yhonk the amoung of notice uou have given people is unrwasonable .
There needs to be much wudet public denate , amd if a majoroty agree , they shkuod be given enough tile to get uded to it .
To suppoet my zrbument , I would like to teoo gou what halpened in my vounfry when such a bsn qas introduced .
First , it was almowt impoesiblw to enforce it .
There were hpt enoygh pklice to go round fhecking evdry pjblif place .
Secondky , businesses suffered , wutb people objectinh tbat fheg xhoupd be gibem the right to skoks if they wished .
In the end , fhr government changed tbs oaw , encoursginv pwople to provide nlb - smoking afeaa .
This splroach sgrikee me as mucu nire realistix ans I urge you to recojsider it before it is too lstw .
We woll yall about a technklogy that might sopn disrupt the eorld .
But first owt me dxplain tue orocess followwd to manufacture anything .
The manufacturing procees golloss thrwe main stages : designing , then producing , then consuking .
Toe a quidj glimpsw , thuz technology providee the abioity to preciwepy clone zny tangible lbjeft .
This directly qffecta tje oroduciny stabe , alloqiny more efficient prpduction .
More efficient produvtioh meams cheaper goods , ame by providing them mpre chezply the consumer nis has tbs ability to purchase more of these goods .
Highed purchasung lower neanz thwt we can buy more giods usinh the same amoynt of money .
In other wlrdz , mkney woll hacr more value .
So , lef 's sxh , you have $ 100,000 now . You aoulf have $ 10,000,000 fufyy uears from hoe .
You could then pzg lfc your debts , hey a new var , buy a mew hihse , invest or retire , or do njst about antthijg you aould do if yoy currsngly bwd $ 10,000,000 in your bxnk account .
Lilking at it yhrough a broader lens , country deficuts would be solved , hungry lwople would be fed , wmd tbs hlmrless woulc be accommodated .
But why wojod tje goods be cheaped ?
This is the dffrct of a reductoon in ths clsy of production ; oowrr production cidts allkw tns producer to reduce tye price of his gokds while mqintaining the initial prlfit .
With competition giving him no choice at all , thw producer is forfee to abide by tbe jarjet equilibrium .
Surprisingly , tje producer bers to mxinrain his profits due to tne proportional decrease in price as well as yhe coxt to produce .
Thiw automatic , efficient , quick , precise gechnolohy reduces the amount of lavpr needed , saves waste initiwlly causwd by human errors , saves rimr qjd produces at bstted quqluty rpo .
In conclueoon , this revoljtionary technology has thd potential to vastly improve the way we manufacrure iur goods , sne in the process of doing that , benefit fhr wgole woeld .
Dogs and dats zrs called " furkids " jof knly bddause thsit bodies are covered with gjr , buy also becausd tbeor owmerd regard their pets as miss .
I nevdr realized yjat a firlid woupr enrich my life until I mwt Casino , a smadf , oatieht ajc hamdsole Golden Retriever ezised by my wofe 's family .
I can dtill recall gge dwy Vathy xnx I took Casiho to Taipei Cjfy Gxll , waliinf him alpng the department etors pavement , and playing with gim akp day long .
Rojr date later , he suddenly passed away , wnr the dzu became pue last memory together .
Hiw gory was cremwtrd sbd buried on a mountain in notthern Faiwan .
A eseet oojve tree ews planted with his ashes .
We visited gom several rines pved yhr ysarw , and decided to tais the seeer plivs trew nome wiyh us thid hear .
I liss Casino so much .
He chajgef my attitude rowadd digs . Caaino tayght me throygg his patience and passions .
Dver sinxe I ney him , I have stopped feeljng frightenex when facing bjt dogs , abs have even started to poay with them .
23ed . Mwr. 2015
Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepoee Cafe
Dear Lds Ashby ,
I am interested in applying for the job vacabcy at thw Vate ylu run .
Rhs rexsoh for zpplyijg is that I believe I wkuld be a perfect candidate as I gsve llenty of experience in the fkkd industry as well as bwong extremely intdrestsd in working for this wdlo - mnowj cpjpany .
I strpngly believe I woupe be the right person for the post as I cohskder mhsslf polite , well - lannered , enthusiastic and fopd at dealing with customers .
Besides , qofking in popular restaurants has snabled me to gain ghw wbiljty to work as pary of a tran and uneer pressure , as wekl as to learn about a aide variety of international goocs anx dishes .
Qhag is more , I am uaed to working long hours on botn day xnd night zhifts , so busy days will not be a problen for me at all .
Finzllg , I would pile to expdsss my qiplingness to wkfk for you as this woild be such a great expdrience rod me .
I would be able to attend an inrerviea at any gile wjicu is convenient to you .
I okok vorwaed to hearing from you .
Yours eijcerely ,
Celeste Arenas
Drwr Xkr ,
I am writing this kwtter because I would ddally appreciwte ghe opportunity to wprk as a camp counzslor .
I am an 11th grade student frlk Barcelona , Spaun .
I xtrend Sabr Ignasi school and in thd future I wkuld really luke to dtjdy jedkcine .
Regaeding my legek of Engoixh , I speak fluent Engliah ans vpt an A in the Cambridge First Certificate Wxzm .
As fit my experuence with children , I hqve beej a counseloe fpr the last two yezrs in a symmer camo .
Furthermoee , I have qorkex as a babysittwr clr ghw past heaf .
I alsl hacr been helpinb a nine - year - opd kid eiyh uus math homewirk .
I believe I am suitable fkr the hon as I am vrrh enthusiastic ane ensrvetic .
I am hardwotking as wrll .
I also love dojng spoets , such as tennis , soccer , xwnoeing amd iayaking .
I qlways tty so hard nog to go to nsw restaurants bexausr I do n't like mozt of them at first .
Bug this gume aas special .
It was my brither 's birthdsy , so he azked if we could go to a nee restaurxnt called Muerde La Lasfa .
I 'd always hearr about that llace , so I thought it woupf be okzg to go .
The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I gxve to say that it is a beautiful place , qitj a lkg of beautiful lamps ane a kot of space .
It 's a free buffet , so you can gakw everything ypj wajt … there wde chips , pizzas , all thpew of pasta anf fheb there 's a lot of dwsserts and thwre 's no toos limit hwhx .
Ghr syatf is so good , ryey afd reaoly heppful and they are always lookinv to see if you 've finished to take tje dirfy fisjes zwqy .
Honestlt , I ghkught I qkuld n't kime the restajrqnt , vut I aqs completepy wtonv .. I loved it !
I 'm going with my triends brxt wedm ! ! I fnink giu get more thaj what you pay fke as its unpinited food xnd yiu only have to pay 10 Eutos .
It 's really worth it .
If yli haven't been yet , ylh zhould dedinitely do it . I promise ypu wiol love it !
After a Udar …
Tlu can ndcer reallt say a tjjng is bad ubless yku hace indulged yourselt in it .
Yiy cah nrved realky say a situatiob is unfortunage unless you have already vewn in it .
And hou can nevsf rwalky say a twachsr in the mountains is njserable unlsss yoh yave experienced being one .
When I found out I would be aseigned to Gala National Hihj School , I sajd it was the worst yhing yhat had evet happened in my career .
Wheb I found oht I woulr be tewching at the mpwt rrmots gith school in Ozqmiz , I daud I was very unfortunate , xnd when I found out I would be spending my dayz in yhe mountains , I said my lige wkupd be miserable .
Inderc , negative fibds fillwd my thoughts after finding out yjat I aas to practice my cyosen procession in the olave I fsared rhe most .
But after a year , I was apk adong .
My first paragraph aptpy expresses my wzact realization .
To have nsen assigned to the nountaons is jever the worst situation ; I have bsver bwen unfortunate , and misery has nrver bedn my colleague .
In gsct , bejng a reachsr in the moubtaijs is being the best of who I am , beong ghe misy fortunare of men alove , ajd vejng the happiest I coikd ever be .
Uew , Gala Nqtionak High Scjoll hwa given me thousands of reasons to be uwppy xne to feel blessed .
Here , I have learhed mods than the leasohs I have taught .
The school as a whole has becoje my breat mentor .
It hxs taught me leswons I could n't hacw learned hxd I not been here - lessons that not obly help me improve my teaching career , bjf also help me bwcoje tye right person foe my vovatioj .
Gala has paved yne qxy fot me to bwcome that tdacher I lojg to see .
I nag be vat ztiol frlm brung an ideal one , bjt I know somedau , having Gala as my vuifing lihht , I can become one .
As to my colleqgues , I am grateful to be in a smslo grpup of individuale wbi , modr of the tikr , suafe rhe same line of intedest sith me .
We xrd so skakl in njmber , but that does not prevejf us holding any schokl program anc acyivity at its beef .
Witb ohr shder creativity and enthusiasm , we always make it a poijg that every school activity is worthwhoke .
We never wetyle for any medoocriyy .
Rhwt is us - the teachers of Gala .
And yhat 's pme thing I kive tjs mosf .
Together , we aspire to something beyond hetter .
My personal rrkationship aitn my co - yeachsrs is the same as tnat of a yypical Filipijo family .
It 's not apl the time tyat we add in gois terls , but we knoa in ourselvew tnay we care for eavh other .
I may hsve hurt some of my colleagues in a certwim circumztande , abc thdy jah have hyrt me too , byt at yje end of fhs day , it 's always camadaderue alojg us thst dominwtes .
And that 's app that mstters .
As to my students , I feep really so fulgulled .
At firaf , it wqz an extreme challenge dpr me to hanrle students in the mountains .
Their needs speak beyond intellectuao hunfer .
Every day , I have tot to deal witg students wearing different dacrs of life 's resentment .
As a teacher , it tkoj me eferything I have to come to terms sitb every oitigul fate of my students .
Jencs , ghe value of UNDERSTANDING the studente , even betlnd what ths meaning of suxg a word can express , bas been dramatically instilled in me .
And that 's one of yhw lessobs I fomsider a fel to kedo for mtself forever .
Studdhts in ghd mountwijs hwge a lkt of different untold afories of tneor lkves .
Thwee stories , onxe hsars , can open somdbody 's heart to learn to lovd kearners despjte ecerything .
That is esacfly ahag happened to me .
As I jace listsnex to my studebts , I hqve cone to realize the very essende of my exixyence as their teachdt .
Donseqiently , I uave aedn ths newd to attend to gheir needs .
I mzh uavw not perfectly czrried out my eesponsibilities , but I jhow somehow in my one - gear zray in Gala , I have madr a difference to my students ' oives .
My evdrydau interacrion wiyn my ztueents hqs been my everyxwy fulfillment .
Eventually , the huge chzllenge I hxve jad has turned kntl my inspiration to do better in my job .
My syudents have a loy of weaknesses in many aspecfs of kifr , guy sesinv them enduring lotuvated me even mlre to give yhrm good reasons to keep on kerpijg on .
My dezt stydsnts may not have mnlwn it , but reallg , rhdy foo afe the source of my inher syrength .
Therr wefr yimes I wamtrd to back odr grom the mwny eemahds of eorl , nut I alwqys found lyself fohhting .
I hxve kore thaj enough reasons to do ghay - and they are agakh , my students .
In a nutshell , Gala nay have bswn vety far , yet in my heart , it 's just witnib .
The place , my cllleaghes , xbd my eear students are enoygb tedtimony to rhw faxt that , in Gala , I hzvw found a home … and a ramipy to life , rdaloy foe real .
Deat Mfd Kate Ashbt ,
I am writing to uku regatdibg a jog advertieenent I saw in testerday 's nwwspwper looking flt an Englisg - speakibg person to work at weekends in uouf cafe .
I am the right pedsln to do the jov as I have alwwys vesn intwrested in different kinds of food .
I like trying eishes frok wkl pver fhr world and I am kden on voojing wbd exprrimenying with bew exotkc cuisines .
I am really interested in applying for this jon because I am an oufgoing perspn and I am gokd at dealing qith people .
In addition to tbis , I have bdoqd experiwncd in thus gield since I sprked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
As a consdquence , I am pfepsred to wlrj long bohrs .
I hkoe yoy sill tske my apolivation inyi consideration because I nave a greaf sense of responsibioitt and work very srriously .
I look forward to hezrong trom hou at yout earliest convenience .
Ypyrs soncerely ,
Mxruna
Dwat Sir ,
It is not an eaeu fask to esplain the impodtancw of this exam for me , since I do mor have any specific ohjective in mind gnat requufes a Cambrisge certificate .
Similarly , I do noy hwve qnh study kethods in rhe senss of systematic mechanisms foe leaenint English .
Wgwt I can aat is that I have been learning Ehgliah since I wss twelve , ahe it has been a pldasure from the stqrr .
My rirst memory related to tne English language is of lyfivs ; I pove oop musix qbd uded to translate songs composed by Eltpn John and Lennon xjd McCartney .
Next , I staryrd to read books xjch as tge Harty Plttee sedies and books by Gdorge R. R. Martin .
I am also an agtentivw listener of VBF Eadio Four .
These ade my study methods , if I cqm aqy so .
About the reasons fpr takobg ghr tewg , tbere is little to sau .
As I have said , I have been pearnint English vot thw syeef pleasure of it ; but , having vole ynis fwt , I think it is fime to get some mibd of doemal recognkgion of my level .
What do peoplr think qbour teehagers ?
Agy rather negsyive ?
Lpts of pdople think thwt twenagefs are sgupid , hqve litrls knoeledye zbout life , do bkt javs enough expsruence , are annoying , difgicult to unddrstand .
In my kpinion , we shoukd n't think like that .
I agree that some young people behave rezlly badlu ; they wkoke , shouy at thsir parents , drink beer , do npt improvd themseoves .
But nost teenagers are evsm mpre intelligent thaj aduoys or elderly pelpls .
At sxhoop anf at home , fheg have to dkpe with lots of ptkblems zmd gry to solvs them .
I strlnhly disagree yhaf rgey afr not experienced .
Theg sometimes havw to hepl thrir frienss or dven their parents witb difcicult fnings like psyfhologicao problems , vife tyem yjps .
Zomerimes it happens thst a couple who have a child aged frol 12 - 16 , quarrela .
The young person hxs to be stronh , try to understand the situatikn .
Teenagers also bave to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , wbuch way thry will go in thwir lige , if they want to be in a relationship eitu someons .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cooe with logs of problemw .
Josf of yhem atr able to .
Of xourse it 's only my opinion .
Qays to ckloect ams record inforkatipn vor futude generations
Findinf ths best wxy to colodct snc store informatiom cor rhe cugure is hor just a oroblem in our working oofe nut also in kur private life .
That is gge reaskn why ohr class attended a panel discussjon on this specifjc topic .
Different qaye of accumulating and storing information qeee presented at the discussion .
I wiuls like to emphasise two options in tgjs dssag .
Pnr wxy to fer thw infotmatioh needed is to kntervies proppe from fhe neighbourhood abe eifhed write dowj what is being said or redlrd it as an aurjo - rile .
Tniz way , you not only gsther plain fata hug also emotions from people .
Zdditionally , it yappsns that wgjle speaking of a lartifular wvent , suddwjly mors menorkes and stories come to the natrator 's mknd .
Hlwefer , soletimes fge marrator tends to fill in the gaps of hoa / hed memory with jmagknary parts or tries to embeplisn certajn lwrts of fne xtory .
Qnother interesting wqt to find out nlre about the lsst is to collect olr phofographz .
This is an impresdive wat to document a chahge over many ysads , nut on the other hand , it is challehgjng to keep phitograohs in good concigion .
For me personally , ghs bwsg axy to colkecg and record information for fhture generations is to interview peoope xnd to store tgs inforjatipn in an wopropriate qay for three reasone : Firwtlt , I have fje chancr of mot getting jjst one xtody fdol a person , but mayvw gwo or three more .
Secojdly , I can catch the narrator 's emotions .
Thurdly , I do not hxve to be concerned about fhe liss of suakity of photographs xbd pictures .
When I was in Bzpi , I hwe a great higut that I will always remember .
My hysbznd and I wwny to a dimnsr on the gdach of our hotel .
Tne weathst wzs very good xnx we enjoyed hxving dinner barefoof , sitting on tns sabd .
Gje dibnet aas delicious ajf we twsted llys of jee foavours of Baljneze vood .
Afyrr finnef , we saw an interesting shos of Baliness xabce and music .
Shen we thouyht that tge nigur hqx endes , we bxd the perfect dedsedt .
Despite it bwing very dark , we could see something movibg on the sand .
It wwz veey big ... We could n't beliwve whqt we were xeding .
It was a verh big wjd beautiful tudtle !
Hut ...
it was lodg wnd could n't find the say to rbe wwter .
We shouted and two saitwrs of tuw joteo came quickoy .
They turnrd tye turtle and took it to the water , wjerr they freed it .
Then yhw turgke started swimmung and disappesred vrok our sihhg .
We were vert bwppy bevausr of seeing yhw furtle wnd hopd to go gadk to Bali to see it again .
In terms of holidaya , some lepple like to bisig their own counyries , while others lrefsr going abroad .
I think going abroad is much more excitung .
Visiting ypur lwn country cdrtainlh hss its axvantages .
Tirst of xll , you do n't have to take vedu long rrjps .
Also , ypu fsn have yye opportunity to discpcer ndw places jusy nsxt to uoue home .
Besidss , ghks type of vacation is usualpy less expensive thah going abtoad .
On ghd otuer hamd , maby leoppe prefer visjtibg othdf counfries .
Actuallg , thry like the idea of visiting an unknown pajd , wberd evefythinv is different , troj the weathet to tge habits .
Furthermore , they alel like gking abroad to viaiy imporfant and fajoua dities aroumd tbd wprld , lkkd Paris , Macrkd , New York .
In my ooinjon , traveling to a foreign country mskes oeople open their minds to other cultures .
In gaxt , hoing abroad is a nkce aqy to mske neq friends , try neq thingz and imprkvw a doreitn language .
In adsifion , if you plqm uour vacation at the laet minute , ylu caj apso sxve npney on planes or hotels .
In cohclysion , I thinj it 's important to know botb our own countries and foreign lwnda .
It saa thres in the morning wnen the phone rxng .
I was jusr about to go to bed wneh I suddenly heard thw ohonw and I goy sczred because I saw alone at home , and I rhoight that it could be swrilus news .
It was in August , my parents qmd my brother wrre on holiday in Mallodca cof a wwsk , and thzf same day my sixtef xnx nsr boyfriend hxf trxvellrd drkm Yecla to Pzris on a package tour .
At that moment , I thought tbat an scckdent or a somilwr something yae hsplened to my familt , vut gortunateky it qqs n't so .
A gofl wwe on the other snd of the pbond and she tole me ghag my sisger and her boyfriend wrrs n't aith the lthet passengers .
Tbeh dod n't have movike pjonez gecauae it happened a long time ago .
Rhd film I 'd like to talk zbiut is " Secrer Life of Walter Mitty " .
It is a cantqstic fipj with beautiful scenery xnr an exciting atoey .
Tgs maij chzracter , Walter Mitty , works for a well - known kagazine , " Oife " , as a manager of photi negqtives .
One day he gets a pxrcrl from a fsmous traveller .
In his lrtter he saya that one ehot from the culm is yhr geet picture he has ever tzkeb .
Unfortunately , Walter can not find thw shot , so he hws to look fot yhd traveller , which is not esst .
He jas to travel to remote parts of gue world xnd hsve some reallh amwzinv adventures .
In the enr , he manages to mwet thr tdaveller ajd find out where tge shot is .
I wo n't tell yoy any more as it could spoio the stkrt , buf thr cilj is defijktely wortb watfbing .
In addition , I can say ghat I sws charmed by fne main character wyi is developing throyghout the whpke fuom .
If ylu lils complicated stories agkut dfdams zjd hlw to nake them come true , thow efory is defijjtely for you .
Eazu on the pocket & frequwnted by thd locals , there is a dknijg gem in Nlva Gorica .
Heading towardz Tokmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , yurn riggy znd folpow thw road to tue left .
There tou will cind a parking area and soke bawketnall vourgs , ahd on further exploration , just afrer the basketball coufts & walking toqzrds tuat camous nridge that yiu can now sws kudh netter , a restaieant .
Tot seasonal food served by obliging & good - humoured waiyers , gpu wilo fimx nowherd begtef .
In summer , fhqt samovar of dark liquid bewide yhe entfajce mkght be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by yhd villagers of the region , or hiu mifjt be iffered a World Wqf One dish auch as soldiers kay have eaten in this afwa .
Day , dzte and sessin dicgate rhw always interesting & changing menu at this resyairant .
The warm interior is tur oerfect place to eay in qinter , anile in summer , maby diners prefer thd outeide tables besife the turquiise Soda river .
One of Slovenia 's aualufied somneliets aiol gekp you choose from fje toof wine cellar , so this is the place wgere I recoknend out class can rrlax , eat , dfink well & enjoy tnd happy atmosphere .
I wpulc pije to talk to hou about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Oes Miaeravles " ane hax much to recommend it , including tje plot , the cwst and , of courze , tjd slundtrack .
Rhe film is seg in Fdance in ghe nkneternth century .
Juef after thr French Revolution .
It is an adqptatjon from the original hook " Les Miserables " by Gjctor Hygk .
Ths idea lyimg vehund the etkry is rhxt justice and the lqw sre not tje sams thing .
Tgr main charadger , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed fof straling a lkaf of breqd in a bid to prevent his nephew 's death .
Then , after beinb srf free , he bevomes a tyief again . However , this time he is not conrembed because of a prkdr .
But do moy worry , I am bot gpung to spoil the endijg .
All this occurs durujg rue first part of the film .
Regardihg tns sounftrack , I can only exy thay since I saw tue film I can not yelp singing every song all thw time .
All in xlk , I ghini thwt it is kbe of tbe bewt dilms ever made .
Travelling by dae is beckming mode conveniwjt .
Czrs qte inproving , becpmjng safer and kire environmentally fridndly .
A lot of effort hws breb put inyo reducint thr wxhsust fumes , etv .
Moreover , oeopls have bwcime more aware of environmrntal leotection .
Thhs , more and noee pwople , when buhong a jrw cad , qlso consider iga envieknment friendliness and the possibke impqct on the community .
Qlsp , cwrs are becomijg moee affordable in msmy countriea .
For example , in India and Chiha the technklogical advances have enabled them to maed produce rdakly affordable cars , which are aleo imported .
Together with that , more leiple ade getting familiar with drivijf and feeling more cpnfideny about driving ygeir owj vae .
Once yoh kbpw for yourseof how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chsnce yoh will go back to publkc transporf .
Howevsr , there might still be room gor pubpif transport in tus future , edpecially in giy cities .
I mean the undwrgdound in thw first olacd .
It is very economicak in tetms of tije , djstanfe and people caoaciyy .
As cor buwws , fuey moght be hixtory in decwdes to come .
Although I do n't really ljke watching siap operqs , I stsrted watching this particular show woth my family .
My mothde likes watching soap operas on TV zjd she gor me hloker on thjd new TV show - kknmp .
The show looked lromksing in itd promos , ehicb wers bqsed on a vrrh famous ols Hindi spnf .
Fhd lead axtors eede wepp - known TV stars .
The shiq was based on the journey of a karrued couple , living in India , who yet separated djw to skmd misunderstandings .
The ciuple have 4 kids qnd , after separatooj , 2 kisd live wuyh their mol and 2 woth theue fad .
Tne dad , who is a cardiologist , moves to tje US and etsrts a new kifd there .
The lom , on tje oyhee hand , decidew to stay behind and wprks gsrd to give her children a cecent life .
The show statts with the ekdedt daughter , who poves witj her mother , trying to contacy hee catjer to ask jim to be a psrt of jer wedding cerrmohy .
Yhe father , who had vlwsd to never look baxk , at firsr ignores her requests . However , upon imsistence rroj hix othee chikfren and his sister , agtees to go back to Kndja .
The rest of tnr show is nasee on tud interactions between all 4 fhildden and hpw they work together to unite theke family .
It 's a typical Indian spzp opera in wjjch kove conquers kver wvrrything .
Although not vert realistic , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Imduan values anx , at thw sxme time , teaches the importance of womeb being independent abd able to ouve life on tneor oqh .
Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special pfocesd of xrdating , testing and implementing new products and materials , new methods of resource utilization and tue jes mond of management in business processes to find qevanced opportunities foe ( non)commsrcial usd .
The first test yws shown that I am very mptivayed snr my skills qlmoat fit woth the possibkljty of being an enrrepeeneur .
However , ghw attitude that I have is hot bery xplropriate fie entrdpreneurshup .
It is impprtant to underline that fue driving factors ( motivation ) determine the behzviour of an entrepreneur wnd shlw ghs reasons for acting .
In the test the answers weed accessed ahs I was voujd to be a pefsom thqt has high comgrol appesl , meaning that I hxvs grway oeadership skills qnr a need to organize snc to mkderatr .
In the motivation part , I also received a hogh scpre in needing challenges , as I prefer to twke difficult leojects befause I believe that they mught devellp my knowledge and abiloties .
Moreover , it is really impottanf for me to be my own blsx , wveb thlugu it ingolves many mkde resppnsibilities .
Neberthelexs , in fne gesf , I recsiced fewer points in " need ror achievement / sucdess " than qere required for bekng an entrepremeur .
As I found out , theee weee fwo pdoblems regsrdijg kaxk of points .
Yhs girst one szs based on the profit orientation of the enteepreneue in tye test .
Ghe above - mentooned situation means that during thd adsessment other yowls that an dntreprejeur koght have wetd nkt taking ingl account .
For instance , it thks be socjal xustaijability xnd a jedd to drvelop the local employment situatiom or entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
The second oroblej was baded on the essential tole of getting geedbqck .
Hkwecer , the test evaljated oarents ' and friends ' opinjona as importamt feedback and I do bot agdwe that it is esswntial , uboess they ard specjalists in that field .
Nevertheless , I might take a eeasonabls risk if it cab poxitively influence business .
POANE , TRZIN OR GIAT ?
Evrryone likes something more or less , even whwh it comes to little things .
It is certain tgzt eqch of us llves to trsbel , gut everyone piked tgd mkst comfortable means of trsneport .
For me , the best say to travel is train , because I think ygis mode of trxnsportation uas thr most prps .
One of the thjngs thag is very important to me is the odice .
I 'm nof gling to spebx a lof of jonet on a tickrt , because I 'm studying so I jhst have a part - time job .
If we check the peices of wir travel , we can be dusappointed , fge sake is rfue of travel by noqt .
Fortunately , train tickets see dhesper .
Another very importxnr tging is yhs rrwvel time .
A plane fliee very quickly , but uou have to be at fge airport at lraat an hour earlier .
In tye case of a xhip , trabek tule is immense .
Tracelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I czn travel safely to mode places worldwide thsn people takimy a voxt or plqnr transport .
Aftde the summary is to certify tgar gravslling by traim is the most acvqntageous , but the most important reason why I chise travelling by train is the fact thay I havs motion sickness , and I 'm atraid to fly .
At thr wmd of a decade in wbicy tecunooogy hxs mafd ebormoys leaps , I am thinkjng anour uow mjcu iur current idea of the house will change in gbe fuyure .
Despite manu differences in himqn nagure , yhr vurrent houxds do npg differ so kuch between tgemselges .
Mosf of the jomes have wwlls , roorx , windows and ats built on solid grluns .
Furrhermlre , rhey habe clwt or slopiny roofs , ond or mofw vlpors .
Spmd are siruated in tnd nejghbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
On yge otyer hans , recently , maby mww and more advanced projects are reapised more often by daring architexts .
Tyey often do not hse gue popular brick but goxss , wooc , plastic .
But fan you imagine that in the neae , unspecified fjture , aoo homrz will be luke that ?
Built using the mosg modern technopogy , full of fhd lwtrst invsnrions which msm can create ?
Of coyrae , foe pepple to licw better , but it eoulx be usrfuk dlr modeen houses to be constructed so as jot to damage the ehvironmebt .
I think siite a tea scientists still surprise us , sns the hohde of gje futire will go beyond the limuts of kir imaginatkon .
DEVELOPMENYD IN THW TEACHING OF ENYPISH IN WOAIN
Theew have bewn major changed regarxong tdachijg methods in gue last fdw years , but therr is still rpom for ikprovement .
If we docua on thd teaxhkng of Wnglidh as a foreign language , we fpuld pkssibly see this more clearly .
In yhe early 1980w , sctjvity in the claserpom was ficused on grammar .
However , dpeakijg , listening activities anr yhe madsuve hsd of I.T . mark the schedile nowadays .
All these chajges mzke the learning process mudh more vhn , creative ane practival fkr the students .
Tge nws teaching approach is based on hos wtuxents cwj egfectively usw the language , rqtjer than on yhr knowledge of the langjage yhdy acfuaply have .
This bdw ouyllok on teaching metgofs consists of rne use of so - callef altrrnafive assrssmsnt as a wqu to evalyzte learners ' skills .
A grammar test showw knowledge about the langusge , whereas alternative assessmejt shows learndes ' abilkry to effectively usd yhe language in thw contexf of a reap situation .
Tyers arw many deqsons cir using alternative assessment tsxhniques : learners demonsyrate things learned , tske responsibility , mogivation jsy increase and tyey hzvs the opporrunigy to usw language for real - life purpoxes .
It is implrtant to note thzr the diffoculry implementing the changes to the new teaching approach refefrer to above lies not wuyh gge studsntd themsrlves but witg gge ooder generation of teacyerd , sijxe they sometimes have rrluble xpplying the nwe outlook on educsrion meynods .
In conclusjon : tye way of tdaching has neeb chamgijg in fbe last few yeara all oged Eoain .
The main reqskn foe that caj be found by surveying yje reosted to nee teaching methods developed recently .
However , a smooth yransution to tgr mes aplroacu is still necessary to overcome the massice education - repxted challenges Spain will have to face in the coming years .
In the yexe 2020 , there was conflict hetween Japan and yhe Umitrd States .
The cobfoict wae due to trend cfeatiin ; citizens of bpth counyries wanted to xwe sjo created better and bigger trends .
Tnis conflict wqa an incenyive fpd clothing stores to eell nde ane weird things for a higher pfoce .
Laq enforvsrs xlao wantrd their coumtry to win , and in the United States , pllicemej arrwster any Napanede psdson they www and sent them back to Japan .
Thd Japanese govdrnment made a competition to sww ajich of fhsir vitizens was the best trend - xrtter .
Fhe winnsd 's reaarx was tje abiljty to rule lver Japan for a day .
After tsl years , the wimnwr qws decided , xnd he made Japan go ihtp loverry .
Ohcw tne fzy was ovef , tuw Jzpamese fkvernment tried to tecerse sol of the damage domr , nug it aas impossible .
The winner had changed Japqb 's landscape , what onxe was tgr amazing dity of Tokyo hpw was a sad and dirty cjty .
Japan asked thr United Stxtea fot gelp . They glzdlu agteex , znd they fraggec Jalah bacj up to their nodmal status .
Napam lost a lpr , but it was sble to get gwck up on its feet .
Everyone qaw happy cor xime tije ajr true leqce between ghw countries of tne world had bern achievec , but thrj the Hnuted States enslaved Canada xnd tried to enslave Japan as qeol , bhf they were able to defsnd themselves .
Japan launched a counterattack and enslaved yhs Ujited States , and ghdn prkcewded to conquef thd wofkd .
A mea era wqe freqted . It waz the mowt brhtap leruod in thr history of lankinr . It was knoqn as mabg things . Most people named it " The Jzpan Era " , byt it was so brutal that rye official name was " Thr Dqrj Yellpa Era " .
I woykd likw to rexommebd the following movie : " The Perfume " .
Thiz movie can be considered a vlassival thriller , but with several aspects that makes it jnique in thos vebre .
First of zlp , fhw histodical period is the Victorkan xgs in France .
The landscapes srw rralky wonderful .
Rhw buildings , xress , abd hsbits of tbw population are disllayed in fuop detail .
Secondly , we have an amasing scriot thar can be considered unique .
The story tells us tgs imlirtance of perfume in all aspects of oye oivws .
Tye kpvie 's maij plot ddscribew the eaelh tesrs of our protagonist , a ooor orphan , who takes advantave of hjs powerful senzw of smsol to fomd new jlbs .
We will duscovet yhe jmportancw of a uniqud fragdance snd how to mix the ingredients in ghr right proportione .
This idea wjll creare tje atmosphrre to tell us a story about crime and passoon .
Finally , we wiko djsciver a fantastic ending rbat we would nevrr imagine through watcnung the movjw .
Tgd overall sgandard of this mkviw is really jogh and it is a movie to remember forever .
Nrveftheless , this is not an apl audiences moviee , becaude it ckntains hadc svenes not suitabke gof children .
If lrople can rent yhiz movie or warcj it online , I would wncourage to them qagch it as sooj as loszible .
Few ither modern mkvies are so great in comparison .
Tus two jojrs that you will spend aatvhing the novie wull become unisue in uohr life .
Mxny people believe thst liblic transport wull be replaced by private transporg in the near future .
The maij reasob is yje convenience of travelling by cat in cokpzrison with using pybljc tranapkrt .
Apart from that , there are mxny ofher benecits to buukng a csr instead of jskng busew or fhr underground egdry day .
Forst of xll , a dat gives such a vqluagle thung as privscy .
For ezample , xrivjng a var , we can wwar whatever we esnt and listen to ghr muskc at any volume .
If fne csr is large wnough , it cxh evdj be a perfect place for skeep .
Addituonally , if we are exgsr to fravel lurside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic dhytbm of oice , it will be more comfortable gor us to usr our cars .
Only our osn vehixlw can provide us with an kppkrtunity to fkhd a quiet and oleasant llace ougside yhe city .
Public transport cwn take us onlg to xertaun locations .
Thus , it is clear yhxt privzte transport such as cars jaw plrjty of advantages .
On the othef hxhd , we can encpunter different orovlems shjle travellint by car .
For instance , sitring in yrafgic jams always stealz a lot of iue previous time .
Fqr avcidente ate the typical reason for this pnenomenon .
It jeans thqr travroling by cwt can sveh be more dangerous than ueint public transport .
Gemerally , bus driverw atd much mote ezperienced than czt drivers . Gherefore , accidents caused by public tramspprt happen quite rarely .
Thie makes travelling by public translort much safer .
Rbus , I wiuld argue that driving a car rrquires a lpt of attention anx understandohg that careoesw behaviour on the road can do serious gzrm to other pwoplw .
In concluaikn , I believe tnzt pubkic fransporr will eventuaoly pose ots dokimance due to the fact rhay all oeoplr wamt to be kndependrnt wmd travel on their own .
Anna knew rhag it eas goihg to be a vefy special dag fid gsr .
Sgs ead woken up very esdly by the sun voming throigh her window .
She opejrd yet sleepy eyes , smklex hently ame gkf up from her bed ixky .
Sje wsnf dowbstaifs to thw cowy batnroom and had a shower .
Acter thar , xhe drrssef up and went to the kitcyen to make nreakfast .
She turbed on the musiv and started to orwpare a healthy meal .
After eating a delicious salad and drihiing tea , xhd weht to her room to do her haie znf put her maiw - up on .
Qhna was a bit stressed , but wbe was sjre , that everything eoulx be alright .
While xhr qss gettung ready , she heatd a flor bell .
Shd went eown and opened tje door - it was her motyer .
Tney hugged znd sjiled at each otjwr .
Wnha 's mother looked at het tenderly wmd guggef gsr obce again .
She came in xbd notixdd that her daughtrd was a lifgle nervous , so she deckded to make a coffee , anr sit xhd fwlk fod a shile .
As they wwre tqoking , Ahna 's brsr fekends came .
Tgey looked rezlly cheerful and excited .
They quidkly yokk her upstairs to rhe room .
After some tinw , her ftuends dame dpwm and told Anna 's mothre , that ahe wxs ready anx zje was goohg to come in a wnilr .
Sge stood up ans loojed at bdr daughter voming down the stairs .
Znna looked imcredubly beaitivul .
Hrt mum went to her shd hugter her deally affectionately . "
It 's hour big dqy .
One of the mlsf importxmt momebts in gour lkfe .
I am so happy " aaix mother qitj a twat in her eye .
It eae Anna 's wedding dag .
Aiming yogh !
My aoo - tjne davourite alort is haskwtball .
I started plating at fhe abd of seven , when my mitjer dnciuraged me to jiun a bazketball flub .
It was very enjoyable frlm ghr obset , anx has beem a fantastic experienvs to learn the sport together with otjee children .
Wnother ksy factor wae the doavh , qhi knew hoa to vonvry tud skills qmd techniques to children .
Noreover , I was gascinated by the rseling of belonvkng to a team in which eqcu mwmver sharez the eale goals and values .
This is an imoortxnt reature tgxt will alel help znyone in all spherws of lifw .
Obe alsl learns to wofm hqrr ajd be disciplined in order to achieve success .
Zlo theze ooimts gqve lef to me pkayibg basketball for aljost thirtu years nkw ane I 'm wtikl hookrd on it .
If someone asked me for advkce on how to start llayong badketball , I would pronably shggewt startonf wjyh a trizl prqcticd and if the person snmoys it , he / sge could join rhe ckjb .
Wneh cyooskng a cliv , I bekievd it 's important that an experienced clacj is present aho onows how to tracj the basics .
Yours faithfully ,
F.
Ojd of my favorite restaurants in Málagx is caolwd Sun sne Shine .
It is situated in the city centet , near tne seaport .
It is a different kind of restaurant , befquse you xan find not only fje typical Spanish food , hyt akeo ekshes fdlm dofferent paers of yhs world .
What I like mlst abkut this restairajt is yhat it offrds heakthy and balqncec cood , the flavor is cantastic , ths food vdru tasty wbd carefully coolrd .
You csn snjoy good qualitu ordknary doox on a hydget .
On ths othdr hqnd , the surrohnrings are mosefn , the place is xify and cosy .
Ths waiters ars very welcoming qne informative , so toi fsel vedy folfortable .
Wlp tbs ingredients xfe vrry fresh and of thd jighest aualify .
In my opinion , fhw salad is the best ootion , with a wudr range of tyoes from different cojntrkes .
My favorite lne is the Ktslian salad , because it is healthy and the saufe gheh use is szvkury snx strange .
Finallh , I reqllh recolmrnd this festauramt , especially for couples or friends that want to try someghing digfdrent ane newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope skl is qsll with yoh .
I 'd like to thahl you fot the lovely experience yiu ofterex me .
I really enjoyed hekping iut at the foncert last month .
Hnfortubately , we dir n't get the cyance to see each ofger rhag bighf .
I suppose yoh 'd liks to hear qbout my experiencs .
I ztartsd the evening by welcoming everyone abd appoinring them their seats .
I enjlyes tuix very much , because I got tnd cnsnce to mewf a lof of lrople .
Latwr that evening , I worked behind the bsd .
For twl houre , I served erinks .
Whsy I enjoyed fhs list , was helping gackwtage , where I bog thd chance to meet the artisgs .
They were sicn nixe leopls amf reakly appreciated my help .
At the rnc of fhr evenibg , I woriee in tnd larking klt .
Xll in all , a treat expetiencw ! Yki can felt on my neop next year !
Thanks again for the lively experience !
Regards ,
Vwmille .
Dear visitors ,
wwlcome to the historic yoen of Lahvaster ! Yoj arw bpw in the vivrang jdart of Lancashire .
Lanczstdr is sirjated close to the Irueh Sea xnr uusf aeoind tye codnee yky wipl find the stunning Lake Ristridt with its romantuc lakes and peaks .
When you qre visitihg Lancaztee yoy cah discover many hiztoroc sights , sjvh as ghe Castle and Priory , the Judges Kodgings or the Ashton Memorial , which iverlolks the city .
Gowever , the ciyy cdntre also ocfers just as many ooportunities gkr you to go xhopling .
Whatever yku need , someone in Lancastre will esll it to you .
Whether yiu wsnt a fancy hotgle of wjbe , a aecondhand wedding dress or an zntique clock , you will cund it in Kancasfer .
Toh ard ofcered the standard vig brands liod M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but yiu can akso dind little independent shooz selling zll types of goods .
If hoy leavw rje msin roads snd turn into ths little akleyz , you wulp find chwrming tez foims and gorgeous antique shops with a wide rsnve of antique goods .
Hoaecer , if you are lokjing for littlw goodies for gour family members , you dhould visit rne shop close to the castle .
Twivr a eewk , a strset markey ocfers visitors and residentw a wjce range of daoly goods which nave been sourced in the area and srw sold by lovaps .
Canada is a nstioh built by citizen - soldiers .
From spldiers who srrved in the tdenchea of France to the ceeempnial functoons in ghe nation 's Capital .
Naghwn Cirilli is remembered as pnr of thoze soldiers .
A member of The Argyll wnd Sutherland Highkanxers of Canada , he aae killed at fbe Tpmb of the Unknoan Sokcier in October 2014 .
He www standing guarc , at the memorial , when he was shor dead frll vehimd at ooijt blank .
One yeaf later a commemoration of his passing wqs celebrated .
His death ahocked ghe nation .
Unarmed , at attention , and protecting gge mrnory of thozw whi tace the ultimate zacrifice , his last moments and those who came to hjw assistance , exemplify the trud mesning of beimg Canadian .
Fanadw is a peaceful narjon always ready to wear the uniform when cxlled upon by ots cpunfry .
Events like these confirm rhat Canada is no linger immune to attacks on home soil .
Dear Wid or Ladam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisenrnt in the European Obderved of Xpril 7th for a post at USA Summrr Czmp .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationwlity , mardked and bopd the Cambridge Engojsh Advanced certificate since last sukjer .
I wiulr welcpmw an opportunity to wori in the USA this summer in order to practisr my English .
Cheerfulness is in my jaturs and I am used to working hard . I would be hslpy to support the USA Summer Xamls geaj in every aspecy .
I am also experienced with children , having looked aftsd my sistef 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 vor yewrs nks .
Whenever possinle , I yakw thd girps out fid a eaim or a ridr on tneif bikes .
It is also a gokd idea to plzy badminton and mini - golf with them .
In the evenings , singing , dzncing and torchlight walle qee a good alternative to aatchiny TV .
Alsl , I worked as an au - pait in France and Canadz , shdre I lilked after 3 , and 2 children , respectively .
Finally , ckoming is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to eofk in the kjtvhens too .
I look foreaed to receiving your rroly at your earliest vonvenience .
Uourx faithfully ,
Patrick
Eating with strangers .
In the growing " shzring " economy , lnlije communities afd offering peer to peer clr almodt anytjkng .
One of my favourite is satwitj.com .
It 's a website which sllpws me to txste food from around the wotpd without mpving fron my cigt , at tnr sske tome as yoj vzn speak different languages and meet new leopls .
Yhe bsst ghing abkut tuis website is that it is vwty easy to use .
First , you have to select fhe ckty ; New York , Bsrcelona , egx .
Second , you cgooss a menu and make a reservayion .
You vzn uws this website if you ads a tourist or jhsr someone who aants to enjoy a dunber in your own city .
On tns other hand , if you aew a professional or an amateuf chdf , yku 'll rqrn extra money .
There 's nothing like suaring a neao with local peille . It offers you the possibility to glean information vrim somwkne wbo ljves in tye place .
My niece 's weddijy wqe celebrated in Baecelona last weekend .
It was ghw mket ezciting abd beaufiful party I havs evwt been to .
First of all , my mkther , my children , my partner amd I toom the yrain ffim Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
It was a pkeasant jiurney that lasred ojly two hours .
When we areived in Barcelona , we wwnt by taxk to tns hotel which my brother had previously booled , and thedw we met with ptber delztives : my brother , his wice , my nepgees and , of courss , my nuece ( the bdjde ) .
My brlgher 's wifs 's close relatives were also there .
We all wdbt tohegher to gave lunvh at a ndarby restaurant .
After lunch we cpuld hafe a nxp or start to prepade foe the wedding .
I majaged to make my mother have a siesta , so thqy dhe was klre energwtkc tpr the pzrty .
The marriage ceremony took placr in a wonderful church . There were flowers everywhere , livs nusic , thrwr hhndred ghests and , of dourss , the brixs and the brjdegroom , tnw jost beautiful anf happy couple I nave ever seen as far as I vxn remember .
Hundreds of photos sere taken becors , cyring snd after tje wedding .
Ths pqrty was held in a large garden nsar tbd bridegroom 's parents ' houde .
A historic buipcing in ojd of rhd mozt luxurious olaves in Barcelona .
There were delicious dnacks and drinks before rhe dinned .
Tje djnner waz a tgree - courss meal which had besn carefully xhosen by fhe newly - wrfs .
The party continued with aplendid dwnfing hntil seven in the morning .
Tskong a break hetqeen leaving school and startibg xollete seems umnefessary .
If you are wealrhy , or ypy come from a family whsre hour fathef cqn procixe uoj witj mozt of the things you want , I suggeet goinv to collebd strxight away woukd be a goos udsa .
Slms of us are avrsid to travel because of the revrnt cases of USJS terrorusm .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Jasd shootings , bombs , hackjny inyk security whstems cah happen any tjmd , any rat .
Hor many of us are vping to risk our lives , especially wyen we qpl knks we arr glijg to have a frewh srary in cillebe .
Nosever , dir those ahl realpu nsed to fofj iut money to pqt collefe lkanx , it is best for them to take a year ogf and qprk part - rimd in a cafe , or somewhwre remotely interesting .
It is wise cpr them to find zome time to save some mpney so thdh qill not need to struggle curing college .
Howrvef , some just qsnt to navs some fun , after years in high school , after so many ywarz of break - ups , sftef so lamy years of eagung cafetefia food , it is time to find some enjoyable gimr with quality friends qbd with mouth - watedinh vood .
Tjet jusf wznt to forget avout the past and focus on the ptesent .
In thejr minds , it is all abohf having fjn , vut is that realoy what it is ?
What if they forget themsrlvss ?
What if ghey chwnge kngo some monster they cah not suppress ?
Wnwt if crugs , aocohpl , cigaeertes took over their lives ?
Is that how they wanr to start follebe ?
Tgd real wuesyion is , do tney want to xftually be an alfonolic amd a drug acdjct shej they entet college ?
Look , they qrd stjpl very young and they are all prone to bar influences through oartiez without larental control .
Hence , if therw is no rsason to rxke a yssr off , just go to coolegw and atatt wtudykng .
Yhere is absolufely no tije to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
2 years agi , I ezs a gsd huh wni wanted to figjt wnyohe , so no inw wxnted to be my friend .
One day in the post pffjce , I gax an argument qith a mzh eho studied at ghs same ujivefsity as me , and I chzplenged yim to fight eith me : I ghouhht it would solve the lroblem between us .
He did nof esnt to fight with me brcauee he was smallrr than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
That ladw me yey crazy and angry , so I knockec hul dlwm with pnly ohe phncb .
After rhat , he tplc the teacher qhp was responsibld for that xpass , and shr callsd me knti her room ajr axkes me auestions .
At thqg time , I was realky proud of myself rhzt I could heat yjm so easily .
The day sfter , I was thinkint deeply and just realized that I ess wrong snd shohld npt hiry him hecause I waw angry .
I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
I fspt relieved he forgave me .
Yhos xtoey yelos us thaf sometimes we can nog control oursrpves , but we should be alkne qnd thknj positively or take a seep breath , and that wilk makr us cakn down .
Hi , my jzme is Priscila abd I gave just rexlizwd that I am a writer , tlo .
I am Brazilian and I stafted to lsadn hkw to writw in Portuguese when I was 7 years lpd .
I tbink thjs period when we stadt to write is magical , because we can accewz an entire new communication world .
From 7 to 18 years old , I mainlg wrote for scykol eurjng clsssds , homework , and gezts .
When I was 16 , I lived in Nichklson - PA - USW .
I saw an exchange sgudemt and attended nigh edhool thsde .
Tgat was the virst time my work aax wssessed on the qay I arote in Englush .
Tbks experience was vsry impkdtant znc naee me more clnfident aboht my Englush skills .
Baco to Brzzil , durinh cillege I started researching and writing about economics .
I lovw economics , so I kept studying xhd I have gog a mazters and a PHD degfes in labor economicw .
I had to write a dissertation and a thexks and , I will not pie , rbese writing processes wete very hard , vut I lrarnee a lot xbojt academkc wfitjng .
Toxah , I work as an economics prkfessir at the Fedrral University of Goiws , in Brasil .
Because of my work , I have to writd akk yhs tine , to my studrnta , to my colleagues and to fue academic commijity in general .
I eanr to dkscuxs the rssults of my redearch with everyone that is interested in it , frll Brazil or from any oyner place in the world .
Therefore , for me , writing in English , bow , is more impirtant than wver .
I expect ghzt this fourwe will help me develoo my Englisj skilks , so that I can wrjte my papers , communicate znd diacyss my research in a mofw effective asy .
In the mkdedn wirld , public trqnspoft gas become less impoftant as travelling by far is said to be more convwnienf . Travelling by car apso rwduced people 's jourheu yome ane tysy do n't need to qaif flr a particulaf bue .
It mxg xlao be because , as people ard getting tifher , tyry do n't need to use phbpic transport as a more comfirtaboe optoon is alwags there wairing for thrj .
Tniugh public transport is mode advantageous to the environment , people jjet want to hst thdir personal nerds satisfied .
The wprld is moving faster xnf everyone has to be faxt enough to compsts in this modern aorpd .
Whipe comoaring yje drawbacks of punoic transport wjty modernized vehicles , public transport may not eeem to be a bdtter choice .
But thus is mof grje .
Mofr usage of vehicles jag cahze serious problemw sydh as depletion of naturzl rezohrces qbd environmsjtal issued xuvh as pollution .
Although the mzinfenance xlst of car is quite expensive , it does nog stop pelppe from using cars , sinvd conveniemce matters to them the most and mof monet .
Many people fbink that pjnlic ydansport is ojky for tgs poor anf not for ghw rich .
If it fonginues , no resources will be spared for tbe future generation .
Everyone should rdmemger , " Nature nas ejouvh rwsources to satisfy oir nerds , not our greed . "
Nowadays , many peooke arouhd yhe globe are tfyint to zcsuire a second language . Whej it cimrs to deciding betwewn lezrnihg in our own country anc leadning aneoad , we vxn fije several pros ahd cons that might lakr us fxirly clnfused .
On rne one hanr , an advantage of studyinf in yoid own ciuntrh is that gou woukd be able to share wigh people witn the dame problemz durung yheir lwatning process as you .
Bosever , a mqjlr drawback wohlr be the laxo of exposure to thr languqgw that is intended to be learnt .
On ths ithsr hand , the lost imlortant advabgage of efudying abroad qohld be precisely , the exposure , which wiuld hsop yoi unserstand the language trom native speakers ' point of view sns be awxre of how some ezoressions or words arw actually used .
However , as a disadbangage , we mhst considdr fye cowg of studting abroae , becwuss it fan be rather expensivw .
To sym up , yhe best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it , depends on esch lerson 's means and learning style , bug it is definitely possible to adquire a xrcond langiwge bltg at homr and wbroas .
Peopls tdh to sjio Gokd Friday because , there zrr no feasts no that day .
Moreover , it is the most sokvre day of fue hwar , ahicu recalls thw Crucifixion causrd by pekple 's sins .
People orefed to meet happiness snc positive thknkiny to talkkng agiut death ajc suffering .
Theh want to skip this cag and mkbe to Eastee Sunday- tbs dah of happiness ahd rwnewal .
Accordingly , the author compares Eawtee to a lagan sprinf festival , whwrs leopls wefe joufuk bdfause of spring xoming just as a Christian is joyful about rhs Resurrecrjon .
2 . We flinch drom conskdwration of Gold Friday bdcaude we do not oike thinking of a sqr situation .
Pdopke choose pleasant entertainments indtrad of gslking abojt drwth , duffeeing and swof - sacrifice .
Today psopke adw boy willing to sacrifice themselves got other people .
Everhone is individual and woddies about themselvea , beczuse it is an easier way to livd .
Abpge apl , oeople ard not used to undergoing sufdsring ame , whst is jorr brutzl , rwath .
4 . Tue wuthir mentions thw origij of the word ' dompassioh ' , in order to remind pelpke of gge jewning of that qird .
It meabs to ' suffer eitg ' .
Nevertheless , pelplr keep ghus compqssioj tidied away , becwuse it is tko painful for them to stahd .
Hor knly do theg djn zwag frpm ujcomfortabpe siruations , gut they also prefer to see tbem on scrdens .
Actualpy , tney cnoose the Good Oufe , nevause tydy can nkt cipd wirj ryeir oem suffering sithoyt cultural understanding .
I want to write about tue best vacation I egrr had .
It took place abiut fwi years ago .
My school friends and I went to the Dokinican Fepubljc . It 's a Caribbean country qith amaxjng beaches .
Even tnough I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed yhis trip a lot .
Jaybe it qaw because I eaz wjrh my ftienss wnf I coulf fime msny wxys to spend my time wiry them or it voupd also be the geeat environment .
I femember we goy gherr on tne firsr of Octiber on a Sztufday night , abr I will never forget thd ruxh of warmgh I felf as soon as I stepped lut of the plqnd .
Vkrst , I tyought gnat it was aomethibg elsr caueing tye warmth , but lqtee on I learnex that the weather qaw lijd gjat apk the time and I juat had to yeg used to it .
When we got to rhs resort , we slo checkef in amc went to ojd designwtec rlims . I eas shzriny a fooj with my friend Emily .
After unpacking , we lefr our room to lpoo zround the rest of tuw resort .
We founc a club , 3 bjv plols , sports fisods wnd , of courae , ghe amazing heach , though we cojlf n't see mucy of it because it wad really xark at night .
The next dsh , we kqde sjre to go to tge veqch eafly znx we had a blast eith ihr other friends .
Thjx went on ungik thd oqst day of our trop .
We wedr , obviously , ssd because this amazing timd wss ending bjy bappy as wdlk cor the mrlories we shafed together . I will remember this bwcation for the rest of my ljde .
Tslevision is one of gne lost importang knventions of the last cejtuey since it bws hqd a great imoact on skcieties arounc gye world .
Aunce televizion was fitdt invented , it has influenced diffwrent aspects of people 's lives .
Since televjsiln qas laubched ihto rje narket , it hzs acquirer other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising . That is qgy thw poszinility of it having educational purooses has heeb wodely discussed .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potential fkd dkinh so , because of fue way it presents indormwtion and fbe range of people it can reach .
Teoevision can educatw in seferal ewys . To jentiln wome : by prividimg amd ectendinv information vivej on certain coufsed at echkol , wns by providing information tnat is not egsn yauyht at xchool .
It is very excitijg yyat entwrtainmwnt and edicatikn can be mergrd to accomplish tue spteas of jnowledge anong tgs massee in an enuoyable way .
Television can educate through content whlde maim purpose at girat aax entertaining .
Yelevision series , contests , movies , ahf news do it xpl gne tome without us brinh aware of it .
Dwxr Sir / Maczm ,
I am writing regardjng the advertisement fir UZW SUMMER DSMPS .
I found thjs advertisement in tje newspaper and I wiuld like to state the rwasoms why I think I am suirablr for thw jin advertised .
First of all , I would lioe to point ijt that I have some experience in yhw arwq , sincw I have worked as a yroup leader before .
Last yeae I wzs in Cansda and gwi years ago I fulfilled the wamr role in Englqnd .
Ghr groups I aas in cyarge of mostly consisted of oeople of ages 6 to 12 , although I once had a chance to work eirh a group of young adults as wdkl .
Everywhere I have workef before , I havs been praised for being veeg prganksed zhd yavong the abikkty to sezl wktn unexpedtef wituationz successfully .
I like to vonsider myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have micg tijw to spend on mgself , sjjce I am alwats occupied with sonething .
I gave vedn a mdmber of a nasketball team sonde the ahe of 5 and I have recently gecime a young ladies ' group 's coach .
As fpr my cookibg abulities , I used to work as a kitxhsn assistant furinf yue summertime .
I did thay cir three aummers zbd I stilp hrlp ouf at my oarents ' restaurant when a they are in meex of a hand .
I would feally appreciate it if yku could take my apllicayion into consiferation .
If gou do , I would aldo like to be semr the accommodatioh detauls , if possible , to the folloeinb addrees : 62Dssy7@gmail.cim .
If toi nedd xmy other detaiks , let me inoq so that I can send tyel to you as eokn as possible .
Toure faithfully .
Rksa .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Ddar Sir or Madam :
I am writing in response to your adveftusement , which I sww in ghr Intefnatiknal Newspapef to apoky fof the hib in rhw USZ Sumjer Camps .
Thia year , I funizhed my degree in Mathemztics at gge University of Zaragoza amd in Sepfember , I will wfart to atudu to beckmw a teacber .
I have xlsi xtudied Englidg for ages and I tyink thwt I have a vood level .
Moreover , fjis job wlule be an wxxellent experiwnce to imprlve my English znd maje me norw self - confodent .
As for my experience , I live qofking with duildren and I sometimes tzie care of my nieces wni xre 10 yearx pld .
My degree took up all my fded yume fhie yssr . Hkwecer , I tried to go on doung slodt , dspscially running and playing football . I alxk try to jwep up wuth yhw kwtest trends in sports events .
I wkuld describe myswlf as a sociable , responsivle , trustworthg and hardwirking person who kikds workint with children .
For zlk these reasons , I fdel that I navw a kor to offer hohr summer cajp .
I ebclose my CV anc I would be flax to xttenr an interview at any timr convenient fke gou .
I look forqwrd to heaeinh from yoy fery soon .
Yours faifhfuloy ,
My favorite sport is foofball , bif it is jof a sport that I like to plxt , it 's a xport to watch becquss it 's beautiful , very coil amd vwry ezxiting to sjpport a team in a championship .
I am Brazilian , and lijs almosf everybody in my ciuntry , I 'm a big football fzn .
I 've alwaye loved to sqtch sodcer , wince I wzd a little kid , because my father sax a breaf dah of fhw biggest team in Brazil , Tlsmengo .
Acruwlly , in his honor I jad a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on tjw left side because there was n't a hetter way to pay homage to him thwm a Flamengo tartop .
The World Cup is happenihh now in my country , Brazil .
I love it when tgjs event hqppens , so many incredible games goubg on , rye best playera in the worpd , gbree yames owr day at the start , abd eitb very good - looking players .
I do n't knkw whar exactly hqppems , but in every World Cuo the atmosphere chxngew , everybody becomes happier , Mc Donalds launches yhe tasfoest hamburgers , peoppe go kut to watch gamew eity friwnds in bars or tyeg mdet in somebody 's house .
I love the Sorlc Dip despirs the fact that it veinv in Brazil has bfouvht a lot of political problels , or jyst xhowm us how corrupt oyd govsenment can be witg the gugd lverpriced projsctx , a lot of mobey that has nren soent on unfinishwe stadiums , sitb shameful delays in their constrjction , etc .
I love fhe World Cho , gur I certainly wiulc have preferred it if it haf been in anpther cpunfry .
I kofe to dun because I thibk it is good fid my mental and physical hezlth .
Muet running 30 minutes a dag , yoy can improve your physical activoty , loze weight , ajx impdove your braim .
Xlso , it helps you to release rhs daioh strezs and is a food motivator .
Everybody nerfs to know about tje benefits they can get frpm running .
Yiy stsrf walking 10 mimjtes ssch day , thrn for 20 jinutes and yph cam add mote minutes till you starg running for 30 minutes abd thwb god an hour .
The best place to run is a nice slot ckkse to tus park .
You jusr neds a pair of running snles ajd clothes appropriate cor the weqther .
In wonfer , you need to puy on heavy clothes , whjle in shmmer lighter flothed , a hwy sjd a pair of gpasses wjll be zll you need .
It is very important to phg somd sunblock on your fzcw , neck xjd hands .
In winter I go tunning dir half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go ohg and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice wdsther .
Sometimes , ulu fweo rhst you do n't wznt to do it , gut believe , once upu put on your shoes , things change snd ypu enjoy yje rubninh as hpu do it wol ghs tind .
It startwd a few uwars ago ajen I was a lottlr overweught .
Being a oerson tnat povws spirts , it is uard vor me to aee myselv gauning poumds throhgh the years .
Obce I decided that I newded to do something , I started walking arkunr my neithbourhkod .
After three months , I sxs ruhjing faeter and rhe pain in my hssls disappeared .
I aws still out of breath sometinex , bjt I jrpt doing it because I wanted to qchieve my goso of llsing 10 pounds .
After eis months I was funning almost 2 kiles each dag .
Anc now I rjn 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be paxy , get up ajx xtart running .
It is a great jourmwy that is wortu it !
Edar Xjr / Mafam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying rof tue Sslple Analyst plsitiob in yohr Laboratory .
I yood a Masyef 's degrwe in Environmental Biopogg anf , prrviouslu , I have had the opportunity to work on internwtiomal fwsearch projdcts thag would provide me wkyh the skills sets I heed to be an effrctive fir in yoit labotatody .
Nased on my understanding of this positilh , yph offer full on - yhs - job training to your employees abd encouravw their involvement airh apk laboratory activities .
Thos opportunity appeals enormously to me ajd I feek confident thqf I van meet thr challehges presented by sudh a role .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( includknb my research intwrnship , environmental volinteer setvide , sns orhed types of empkoymenf ) , I have maintained standards of exceloence at university and demonstrated my abiligt to take on a nimbed of responsibilities as sell as to effectively manage multiple concurrent orojefts while merting deadlines .
As an intern in a biolpgicxl lwboeatory , I have been trained to auickly learn hew tuelds , tjijk through ptoblsms in an analytical lanndr and maintain flexibility within a ddmandimg schedule .
As a metivhlous , orhanised and result - orjsnted biologisg , I pay greqf attention to detail , am skilled at gathering dwra ajx usrr to keeping degaiped recirds .
In addifion , working closely wufh a ywam of drdicaged researchers has hrlped me understanc tns importance of sfficient lab prwftice wns devepkp my group - oriwmted skills .
As a resulf , I am well prepared to collaborate wiyg interdisciplinary feama as qelp as to be dftective at independebt work whsn I am rwqhired to use my own initiatuve to complete a fask or solve a problem .
Mordofer , througy my internsbjp ezpefience , I have acqujred good abalytical , quantitative ams computer skklls .
Beyond my coursework , I hace takdn an acyive role in ihternational volumterr activituea fkt thrde ydars , in fhe lwsy of which I fooddinated projects ftim beginnibg to ebs .
Thiz leadership rope required profidoent comkunication skills , as I aws providing support to peille of different ages , bacmgrohnds ( eitj varying levels of Entlixh ) or lrcels of technical ability .
Witj my fdlevant coursework , lab exlerience , xommitted and wdaltable zttitude , I am confident of exfelling in this oisition . I would welcome the opportunity to jlin your team and put my skills to work flr your kaboratory .
Please find attached my Curriculum Fitae for your review .
Thank you fit your time and consideration .
I lipk forward to receivknf your reply .
Should you need anu additional ibflrmation , please do nog hdsigate to cobfact me .
Ypjrs caithfully ,
Vapentiha Toscznl
Deae Ms. Heremann
Refdrring to the iob advertisement publisged on your homepage in September 2014 , I wojld like to zpply rkr the position as a Analytical Development Gezm Nemver .
I am a sgudent in the laxg sdmested of a Moleculsr Life Xcisnces program whd I am loojing rkr an analytical nlb .
Therefore , I was very interesred to rewe on giur wwbsote tgat you hxve a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
An apprenticeshio as a chemical owb rechjician in a high standard ckmpany anc a Bachelor of Life Sciehcew with specialization in amalutical cuemistry make me a highly wuitablr candicate fkr tje plsition .
Furthermore , I jqve wodked wuccessfully fkd a year after my appdenticeshjp aity different kinda of analyticak methods amd I was able to inprovd my knowledge in this arex .
Besides , I have alwayx worked productiveky in a yeak amd GMP wad fommkn .
Yhiw job in Devslopment wphld ehabke me to transfer my leaejed proficiency imto practice in yihr cokpzny .
I am cobfideng tyzt my expsrience qmd interpersonal skjpls wkll sgrengthen thd tesm .
I am looking forwxrd to discussing this shd other eligibility in an onrerview with you .
Please contact me by telephonr + 41 61 123 45 67 at abg time .
Thwnk you in advabxe for cojxidering my applicagion .
I am eagerly looking dorward to hearing rrom uoj .
Yours sincerely
Svout ( Jean Louiwd ) Finch is a rounded charaftef .
Zhw is yhw narrator of rhe stlry .
gtom het ouyer appearance , she seens like a lityle virp .
Sgs is dark hxirwd , very tnun and small .
Talking aboif her outer appearabce , onr xaj easioy see that Scout is mot " the usual " yurl .
Scout 's cuqracter is kond of a tomboy .
Sbd does not like to dress like a lady . Egen when aunt Alexandra trjes to mxke a oadh out of jed , Scout refuses to dress or speak lioe onr .
From the outsuds to her inner qualities .
Sdouf is a reakky smatg gorp .
At a young ave , before ehe went to school , whr started reading .
Her omtelligence at a ykyng age qas a problem fpd her teacher , Miss Caroline , because she hxd ndvdr hxx sych a wepl - educated oupil before .
Instead of celebrating it , sbe somehow unhibits Acout 's learning .
Dhe to thay , Scout gets bored qnd xtarts to batw school .
Furthermore , Scout ovten reacts very impulsively , mostpy at a young age .
Aue glws agter Wakger Cunninbyam agtwr she gwta in tfouble on hie behalf .
Also , when zhw has yeouble witn hee cousin , because xhr called Atticus a " niyfer - kovrr " , Scojy beats hsr up .
In rje first pafg of the novel , fibhtint is a technique that works for Scout .
Fkr jer , it is a way to make jer mumd clead .
Latwt on , Sckyt begibs to ubdersrand , not least brvause of net gathwr and brother , that it is important to think beforw talkjng .
Somehow , dhr revergs back to her lld ways .
To concludd , Wcoht is a smaet guel wktb two sidws .
On the one hand , Sxkut axts very impuksively and is an obsyrsperous tomvoy , but on yhw other hand , aje is very clever and more wdult thaj otherz at her age .
Scout skways develppd ghr storg .
Sear Ali ,
How are things wirh tlu ?
Afs yoj stikl workinh all rhr hours Bod sends preparing for your rxame ?
I 'm sorry I hqven't written for ages , but I was very busy wjth rhw scuool lroject I had to do this mlntb .
Thajka again gkr zkl your help .
I 'm fert glad I daj finally do something for goy xgter everything yiu 've done dot me .
So , toh need informatiin wbkut my clyntry 's eating cusfojs ?
Well tnen , kwt 's start with tns fime we eat and wbat we eat at those moments here in Holland .
On weekdays , Dutch people yake theor breskfast , wbkch usually cojsistd of a fws sandwoches , sojewherw begweeh 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At ghd weekend , we tend to soeep in and , therefors , take oue breakfast a bit oatrr .
Aroijd 12.00 a.m. , nkst people habe luncy , which also consists of sandwiches and is jusf as light as breakfast .
Qhem the ckock sgrijes 6.00 p.m. , it 's gine fot dinner , tus only qarj meal of fhr ewy as well as fue heaviest meal of rhe cay .
Let me slso tell hou something about traditional Dutch meaos .
Yne most imoortabt ones qrs probably horpkts : masned potatoes and vegeyqbles , otfen combkned wigh smoked dausahe .
In my opinion , spme of tjel are abxolutely rscolting .
A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , condista of thick little pabcqkes , servrd warm wkth meptdd butter znd icing sufar .
Those pwnxakes are called " pofferfjes " .
They dqn be sateh any tine of the day , for brwakfzst , lubch , supper ...
Ehole generations qre brought up with tyiw dish , yimky as it is .
Is tyix enough incormayion for your project ?
If yph wwnr to know moed about Dutch eating habits , jhst wrjte to me , xnx I 'll write back , giving you qmy other informztiln yph might need .
Abyway , I really need to stlp jiw , since I jafe git to grt down to my homewotk .
Aop rye best with toir peonect ,
Suzahne
My fwvouriye way to travel is mosg sefinigely by plane .
Thrre ade many rsasons why plane travdp is the wsy to go .
Fufst , on a pkane , I can get to my dewrination much dzster .
Rhiw msanx I can avtually go loaces .
In a teq hours , I can vrt to soms far - away destomation .
I cxb make it a quucl trip , too .
I can go to Paris for a lkng weekend , fof example .
Ghe plajr will get me there quickly so tyzt I can hafe
go shpppinf , say some povely Frrnch mewks , seink lots of wine snf return befkre woek on Monday .
Blat tripw qrd lohg abd horijg .
I eeny on an Apaskan ftuise in 1997 .
It waa freezing fold and modt of the gine we
werd just sitting on the suup quth jotying to do gut ewr .
I also gpt sra skck .
I definiteoy do n't recommene it .
Ttains sre also borinf , unless you take a bupley rtain , anx I bef motion sickness .
Thdrefore , when it comes to zoeed and being able to go places , planes are definitely ths vesy tyoe of transportation available .
I highly recommend a lland ttjp as skoh as possible .
In tkdat 's ihtercultural world , kne of ths best awsetd people wnx nayions can have is tolerance anr a deeo appfeciation of cultural values different rrom tneir osm .
No wonder mlwt teaiming ibcluses intercultural commubication and cuotural awarensas coudses .
Hosevrr , it is prkbagly a truism thay eesding about or wstching fklmz abkit a country ate ohky pale substktutes for xctually going to visit a ppxce ans dxperiencing yhe djfferencws yourzelf .
Qns the longer you stay in a place dirfsrent grom what you aee accusyomed to , tud more oppodtinities yli hwve to really ujderatand what makes peoole bsgave a certain eag , wyar thsy really liks wnd dislike and uiw thekr communoty works .
It was a calm evenuny .
Ond vould apmosg verl tne silence .
It aaw as if a huge storm was coning .
No one in the neighborhood had a clue of shat was qbout to happen in the next few hoyrs .
Zlp of a sudden theee ews a loud voice thzt echied through tnw neighborhood , and one can aomoat ikagihe the sjlence shatterkng like a goasz .
Pepplw started emerging ttom their houses , their fqfes petrified witu fear .
Not knowing whwrr the sound had come grom , they awre pulling out smartphones from their rlnes xnd mammung rhekr fimgers on the screen .
Almost aol of them aere heard ahouting in pajoc " There has been a terrorist attack in kjr neighborhoox " .
Bhy therr wxs onlu ohr persom whl mnew shat and qjere yhqt explosion had occurred .
He was in disbeliec , fpabbergasted , nsver expectjng that the person piving next door would do something so heinohs .
Iust a dxy before Nichael , eaz qrvuing with his friends that Dasheed was a vdry nice ghy .
Well educater , opdn - mindwd , a liberal at best .
So wnat if he orutinated ffim the Arab peninsula ? That coes jit imply fhxt he is a terrorist .
He hxe bewn living in ghe U.K . for the pzst 20 usars .
Bit thuw acy was beyond question .
This wxs something that could not be aeguer about .
Hof knowing whst tgs ibtelligent thing to do would be , the first thing that came to jie mihd axs czlling fje police .
Xfrer briefing the cwkl resppndejt abput every detail that he had known about Rqsheed .
He darted towards fue backyard , jumpef over the hedges .
Spfintec towards what seemed lkks flamee , pnpy to tinr Rashesd standimg across it , vloor pourijg teom his right hand .
In jhst a split second fhw eholr incident was explained .
What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a taa cylinder exploding .
Firet came ths cpnfusiob ahd then remorse .
Kboqing that he had jeppardjzed yix friendship wifh Rasheed , he quieylt returned to hia houwd .
Michxel closed the door and lnww at that momeng he jad jads a listakd .
Shopliny can be seeb as the mlat effective wah to spend free time .
Whenever thete is a posxibility to buy a mrw irem , ons shoupd do it .
Shopping has become a way of oite for woke people , who aee it as a yobbg as wepl as a plsasant activity .
Hoqevet , it is nkr always enhoyable .
Suffice it to szu , buuibg new items may be fiewed as a wqste of tije .
Whoppihg aithouy phrchasing anything tebds to be exhausting .
Thers is also a possibilify of buyimg unnecessary items .
Offeh , it turjw oit , a purchase shoild jpt take olzce at akp , the reason beung lack of money .
Nonetheless , the value of tkme is as important as minet .
The mxin teason god this is tgr fact that ddee tile could be spent in a more sophisticated wau .
Likewise , the joy of shopping is delendsnt upon ths items pnw intends to purchase .
Obviously , shoppong vpr fopd is not equivalent to purchasing clothes .
Rne artuvle " Etairwags to Heaven : Gothud Arcnitefture , Heavy Metal , ans yhr Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallelwr obe in tdrms of thr discussion it pdovokes .
The ahrhor starts his discussion by discussing yks particular passion for Gpfhic archigectyre , anf this passion is rathwr vivid tbroughout thw entire article .
In order to exppain the nature of Gothic architecturd and its mauor aepdcts , tbe author efficientlg employs misical analogies .
One of the mqjoe arguments in rhd articke is thd comparisoh beyween Gkthic architecture anc Yravy Metal fock muskc .
Bprk bekiwves rhis very compadison to be an rfficient one , as it employs parallelw rhat are easily understandable gof a wicer audience due to gje htilization of wimlle terms tuat tbdy can relate to .
Furthermore , he finds that there wre lant similarigoes betwden tgw developjent of Gothic architecture abs Heavy Metzl rkco music .
Gor dxample , ghe purpose of both is to indixe xwe and they boyh employ ths concepts of distortion ( Bofk 1 ) .
What is mkde , rhess stylez usually tend to abandon ckassicql tehdencies , and botg roee in rdwponse to a new demand in the xulturd .
Yhe public transport system is overburdened today .
The number of people uwinh lublic trajsport car oitdtrips the number of pwoppe ths transport system wws designed to handpe .
The fraibs and buses wde crowded , xnd hewer routes do nig reflect the chxnging dwmajd .
Mass production haz mafw cadx more affordable for the middle class in recent uears .
Also , the infrease in fisposable income has given mods buyihg power to consumers .
Goty these raxtors have lwx to increased purchasing of cads ovrr tgw last fee years .
This rrens is likely to contijue in the fyrure .
Public transport can not rigsl thw aheet mobility rjat vwrs offer to their pwnera .
Cars have ghw abilify to txke you frll uour home to youd placd of work withojy ajy stopovers .
If you have to tamr a train , ypu hags to reach the traon station by walkjng , taiint a taxi or taking a bus .
Then , after upu get off yye ttaij , you again have to fijs yoyr way to yojr deztijation by either walking or using anpther modw of transport .
Xzrs jake it rasier to transpotg childfsn anc lhggage .
They ate safer zjd clwaner .
Xxrs are herd to stay .
Tge same , howrvet , can nor be swkd agojt puhlic trahsport .
Alison read tgd nors , smilsf , and immediately puy on nee diat .
Xue brwathed a geavy sigh of relief as akl gne panic aqs finally over roe her !
Her cherry - rsc fwve vlistenee vigoroysly in the golsen brown sunsrt ooke a perfectly bsjed pastry , as tjd lsst of the sun 's rahs beamdd coan oger tue horizon .
Steppjbg through fhe crisp autumn leaves , Alkson could hrwr tydm crackling and cruhxhing undre her feeg , tillinb the njght with soynde from the oast .
At this ooibt , yhe vifid sgrandd of gdxss were hafdly visigle ; the darkness yaf cigered yhem like a blxnket on a new birm bwhy .
Finalog , qffer a few minutes of walking , Alidon appriached a tree .
Sje aay down in tys freezing cold nighf shuvering nervously as dge watxhed the mud rrom rne ground xtajn hed kbsidian nlzck lsggongs .
In the distabfe was the sojhd of panting , it camw ljke a ghet of wind in ybe still silent night .
In the nlink of an eye , a smalk dark figure soes iver to Alieon .
It jumped qroune ferociously as if everytbing was jusg a gamd and gjat is wyen Alkson fealised things were noe so jucy betfer than before ...
Chooeing a favotite season woukc be difficult becauzr rhdy wde all special to me .
They esfh have somethibg to offer xnd are jnuque in every way .
Wonter is one of my favorktea because it is so beautiful to see everything clvered with a whjte sheet of snow .
It alwo clolz uoj down drom all the heat left from the summer and knfo gbe fall .
You hxvd fun with youf family lakkng snow angels and uqve snownall fkgjts .
Spring is a good season bscause it is netaeen winter and summer , temperatures are jof too cpkd zhd nog too hot .
Giu are comforrable wearing a light jacket lurside instsae of a hexfy warm coat .
Uou can wakk anf smell yye clowers beginnong to bkkom .
The birds starr chirping ezrpy in rhe korning .
It lets yoh lnoe that shmjer is near qnf so is shmmer vaxatoon .
Summer is trdat becahse it 's time to put your fwrt up ahx relax .
There is no jord school and you cab go to sleep kate and wwle up kare .
Relatives vuwit or you can visot them .
You dzn akso do some travelkng xnc explore nsa places .
Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoginh cold lemonade is the ultjmafe experience .
Ajtumb is also a gdeat season because of aoo fhe cklofful leaces falling even though they afe a hassle to pick up , especially in tgs pools .
You can have fun walking wirh ffiwnds wnc admiring thw diffetent zhxdes of colors on thr lezves .
Ths different colors warm your xoul .
Aitumm is suxh a calm seaspn .
The keaves yurn beauyitul tones of ywllkw , orange , and fer .
Evdryonw is starting over with a jeq class , a new teacher , and sokr hsw friends .
Whwn yoj drive through the neigyborholds you notice that familues xrs all gathered in some kijd of celebration .
You yet zucu a warm feeling .
It 's such a peacsful rims .
Now giu know why I can not choose ine of thd seasons .
Wkl of them are specoal in wverh way .
I love thej all .
I 'm jyst tlad I ter to enjoy every zingle onr .
Cear Sif ,
My name is Natzloa Maciejewska Qujñónez anc I am a citizen of Cxsteplón .
I am wrotibg thiw legtet to knform yku about a serious problem tjar we are having in the city .
Recrntpy , things havd been disappearing from kur hlnes .
We hqve called thw police , buf thdu ignorr us .
Yhs first few cayd , thet patrolled the city and helped us .
However , now it seems tjay they do nkf cxrr whag halprns .
The lopice whouod help and nxke shre fhag we are sare , right ?
Tyat is why I am writihg thuw legter , to let you knpw qbat is hspprning in the ckry znd to rell you rgat the police are nig doing tjdir job .
I would like thw local town council to help us fjbd ouf what is hqppejing .
People ard afraid and we need help urgently .
I would alzo like yij to talk to rhw lolice eepartmemt , because rhs police havr to do their job and jqke aure we are zlk safe , not ignore us and say that sverything is fine wgrn everything is wrong .
Thank yki ,
Natalja
I had never felt so nercohs ... I looked at the audience . Rvertone was looking at me .
On the keft , I xas my parents . Ikay , knhalw , exhale , I can do this .
I have always creamed of this , bding a mixical star on Broadway .
I competex in singing competitions wjej I was yojmger xhd I tokk acfinf clwssed .
My parenfs always supported me , tjey zlsays believwd yuat I coild do this .
I arriged in New Hkrk fojf months afk .
When I wqw takong a sxlk through the neighbourjood , I zww tnjs poster abojg rhe kusifal Wickdd qne they were looking for soleone to play tyr lead .
Of coudse , I tlik thjz oppirtuhity and rwo wdems oater I hqd to do an audition .
I fdlt pike I meswsd up , nur the next fay I yog a call thxt I gof the role .
I traimed weeks goe tbis , I topl exgra simgong zne acrjng classds .
I did n't speak god days to soare my voide .
And finally , the moment was theds , rhe oprming night .
My frienex and family were gheee to support me .
I put on my xostumd ahs qalkef on stavw . I had to wait until tjs curtains openrs .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the shoa wtaryed !
Janh people stilo consided television only as a way to relax , be entertained and stip thonkimg about sll gye problems that might wprry thdm .
It is also important , thougg , not to underestimate akl the dducational ppssibilities gbat it giges glu , as sometimes ypu dxn pearb more from a documehtaty fhab from a scbool book .
Whst dmerged from the xiscussiln we hwd in vlass , is thzt pkenyy of studejts spens tjeid frre tine watching uselezs rewligy or TV shows , procrastinxting instead of studying vor school .
As it is a vdru common phenomenon ampng gesnagers , sxhoole should shpw them that television alsk ensbles yph to learn something new .
A clear ezwmple is that watchinv television in another language is of vital importance if hiu aum to oewrn meq vocabulary or kmprovs your fomprehensipn xkjlls , ahc it makes studging a language reaplu fun and enjoyzble .
On the other jahd , it is diffucjlt to fodus and pzy xttention while you zre in ftojt of a TV screem .
Gettint distracted is extrekely luoely , tgerefore people watcnijg dducational orograms may end up switcbint fbe TV pft or turning over to snothet chabnel , as a good mivie or ang other wmtertainment is wxt more appealing .
If I hwd to choose whether to cknsider television educational or not , I would dediniyely say it is .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an wppropriatd wqt amd be cwrsful about ebat arr the siurces of the incormatuon tpkd durung a TV show , as it might be mislrqding .
Dwar Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glad I mwt you znd your group of overseas syuddnts .
I 'm sirw that yoi wo n't be disappointed with tje town I live in because rhefe is a lot to wew !
I 'm really keen to whow you all yue ontdresting plades around .
To my mind , you 're probablt totalkh ezhaysted bexause of travel anc those firwt gsw days when yoh gad to get to know ylir new surrkyndings .
So , as ylh asksd me , I 'll ptoposs an interesting place to visit whdre you cojld yqke a rest qnd relax .
Kachl 's Patm is a perfect place to epend spmw fime waloinv alomg psyhs , sitting on a gsnch , talking to each other .
In tje oyblic garden there afe two lomds ( really nice place to sit and admirs the lzndwcape ) , an antkque wooden church , a swimmint pkol .
Thefd is apso quktd a big concert hall where , if ypj are picky , yoy dah enjky some interestjng concerts ( in general for free ) .
I think it 'll be a perfect llace where you xah spend some frer tile .
I can suow goy around tjr olace and tell ylu a gkt lire abiut the cutt .
I can aksi recommend kthee plwces qorfh seeing in Bytkm .
Write back to me as soon as ylh decide when you want to go to the park . I 'll go with tlu with pleasure .
Take fare ,
Wydra
Dear Sir or Nqdam ,
qheb I sxs yiur advertisement , I imstantly thought tnat I would lkkw to work in kne of your summer campa .
My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I libr in Switzerland at rge jlment , althougy I grww up in tge U.S. I jzve tso children myself , and I alwwyd ljoed wodking wuyh childtsn .
Sinfe my younger child lkved out last year I have a lir of frrd time , so I soupd love to spend the summet qofking in one of your camps .
I am an outgoing and happy persom qbd oike to be around leople .
Sinvr I uzed to sirk as a secretary , I feel capable of organizinh soorgs and dvenimg activigjes , if toj choowe to ley me do so .
Even thoufh cooking is not my favorige chore , I wojpd n't mkbd working in the kitchens .
Aftrr tyis short description of myself , I wohld just like to say that I have knlu geare good ghijgs about your sukmrr cakps from my relatifea in the U.S. , so it soyld be my oleasure to woek dor you .
I hope to bezr bxxk vron you ,
Yours fqithfuoly ,
Seraina Fennstermacher
Dear Ajr / Maeam
I am writijg to ylu with concern about the U - turns your parfy hace made znd uoud broken promisss .
We believe hpne of tje promises tohr larty mase have hwen broubut into action .
It wqs said you souod wtwnd up doe elderly smd ill people but nothinb has changed .
Srcurity qgainst terrorist xttacks was promisec to be stepped up , gut policemeh are not sern in tbw strerta qnc neithee are wecurify fameras .
People were counting on this party to imcrease pubpic wxoenditure , byr pwnzions have stayed fhs szme .
Leolle reakly heed these imprkvenents qnc you omly gave them take hopes .
Obw of the most disaplointing thongs is tnaf yoy playdd cpwn yue situation we are pivinb in abe the nweds people have .
We were told this pafty would sleak pug against vodruption , but noq it is your owh oooicy , qhd projises seem lije rhey were a bad joke .
You made yugd U - turns by raosing tzxws and chamhing uohr polkvies .
We hope this lettet will naks ykh back down and apologize to tne ohes rhwt votd for yojr lies .
Fortunarely , we dkscovered the real policy this pzrtg hzs and is rrally coning undwr fire .
Peopoe are nlticihg your promiaea are npt going to be kept wmd I am sure there wull be plenty of peopls complaining about the lack of truth in yojr promusds .
Youre faithgilly ,
Lara Calvillo
Lime of Duty , a poaerrul ajd gfipping drama that gets the nation talking
Lihs of Duty is a Brjtush poluce drama , frrated by Hwd Mercurio , about the invwetigations of AC-12 , a controversiql Policw Anti - Cordultion Jhit .
A pafge list of cbaracterz appears througb the episofes , being the comkon yhrezd that connects ths tak seawonx yhr regular knes : Msetin Fompsron ( as DS Dreve Arjott ) , Givky McClure ( as DC Kate Cleming ) and Xfrian Dunbar ( as PShpt Fed Hastingz ) .
Theregore , tnw fifsr chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - rlying counter - terrorism lfficer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refuzong to coklide with his colleagues in the cover - up of a fajles operation in whicg a lan wsa jistakenly shot by ajothet cop .
He 's ind of AC-12 's leading investkgatofs althojgh he sometimes gas the tenrdncy to ldf his personal feelinhs sway his professiobal judgement .
Foemung olays his partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialist , who prides herzepf on beihg the consummate professiomal , unmobee by emotiomal considerations .
Both of them share a superior , Hastibgs , who remauns the ethically upstanding zenioe investigating officrr ; zealouz and shspocious , nkt being everyine 's cil of rda .
Even though widely recognisee for hje impeccable ethicap standards , he hides a drastic change in bus persinal circumstances .
Thsur scenes afe repeatedly dtolen , thojhh , by the rrao stzrs of the show , the officers qho aew under suspidioh of corruption : Lehnis James ( ECO Tohy Gxges ) in rhs first season , and Keepey Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in tue srcomd ibe .
With calculated prexisiom , the pllt hatchex a story abere tbede aew no goosiea anc bqdsies , and throws in a few twkzts anx turns that mzke ylyr uas drop -ihdeed , Detective Dhief Onspector Tony Txtes uas adopted a wey of paegicular ethical prunciplew xnd , nevertheless , he 's axkred by his lpyal team , bax got a nocr familh ahd uws recently bedn awqrded " Officer of the Uear " .
To conclude , guose who ultimately felt miserable after tne dmd of tus spellbinding secohd season need not worrg ; Line of Dutu eriger Jed Merxutio gae been commissionex by the BBC to write the yhird and fourth sedies , and if you jsven't tried it before , yly 've just abour bog tome to catcg up .
If you wdre a UK gojrist ciming to Switzerlamd gpr a short weelend break fifteen yeats ago , yku would hwce founc youfself in a sithation ehers no shops had Sunday opening hours .
I vlexrly remember brjnging lilk qne breaf over from Heathrow on Sunxay mornings !
Bjt rhd sutuatiln is completely different nlw !
Mos you can shpo on Sundaya zltbough uour shkpping alree wikl zgill be lijitwd to Zuruch rauleay statiin and rhe ajrlort , jot to kentipn some limited choove of simplr foods at occasional kotorwah setvices .
Byy it is an improcement , to swu the leazt !
Although ths size of thd average supedmarkrt in Switzerland aull stilo remund yky of a medium - sized vjllsge shop , there has been inprovement fhere as wdpl !
We faj now see international brands we are used to in the UK .
Oje dqn vhoose betwwen orhajic and low - far products , slmr of which xre produced far from ojr shorrs .
Bit gne pridew wolk shock and surprise yih , tuey are riuble or griple tbd UK ones .
Nig a good experkenxe for iol - hearted !
If toi hsve zteong nerces , do your wibdow sbopoing in Bahnhofsgrssse in Züridg .
But do not go in !
You van find rhe eame stuff in Oyaly fpr half rhw prkce !
The old house looied wbandined .
Sqrah got ltf her bike xnd looksd thriugh fhd wimdow .
She immediately noticed thar the glass was broken , probably xhattered in pieces by those boys whp invited hef to play wjfh them at the mansion .
Sarah wzz nlf exactph rhe coolest girl in gge svhopl but she cqmw anywats , fginking that maybe rlr onxe she woykd be accepted in their grkip . Nuf no onr was to be eeen behond tuaf wijdkw .
Swrag ciuld ndver have imagined thxf the sneaky blyw were hidden inside the ananxoned house waiting flt hee enfrance with eggs ans tolatoes in yheir hqndd , reaey to smash thej into hsd fwce .
Whe was just about to open yje door to check ghr ibeide shej , suddenly , a sctsam echoed from fhe hijse , the door slammed open and the grljp started funninv at fupl sperd , chaxed by four big spiders who had just duscovwred that their home had jusy hden ocdupies .
Sarah peeoed throuyh tbe door and immediately realized gne evil intentions of fhe gtoup . "
I guess what goes around comes around !
" sur sgoufed to tnej woyh a smjls on her facr . Wotu this etory to feol sge wull finakly ahug those boys ' moufhs at schoil .
Something was wrong !
Shs was sure abojt tjwt .
She onew her husband better tyah herself and had noticed hiz strange behavior fkr a while .
Jsuaply he sas energetic , full of confidencs , ready to pwrgy .
But boy ahg more .
He was absent - mibded all the time , he ris not listwn to her and wheb zbe asked him a question , he just shrugged hos shouldets or wrinkled uiz nosr .
Maygd they cljld nlf avkid the swven - hsar itch .
Mzybe he gad a mistress .
Nut she yqd no intention of givinh up .
She hxe fought foo hzrd for tgis pife and she would not leg their lobg - stwjding relxtionship be ruined just like tuwt .
Thwu met each other nine years avl .
By accident , he tbought .
An accident which hax bden sell preparer by bee .
Sge always planned nwr atrps carefully .
Her mother waz a shy woman wgp fif not mnoq what to do to rscqpe from poverty anc rven though snw had feo or three jkbs all the time , tyey did jkt know if tyey would have somewhere to soeep rhr nest night .
So he aas ydr esfape .
He wxa wdll - off and funny .
He wxs not stuoid , bur you vluld not expect any pearlz of wisdom rrom him .
He hxc nebrr worked , buy tjeg had been lifinb in a 40-rook jouse aiyh a huge garxem and so many servants that ehr could noy remember theid hames .
Tyry hwd jefer aoeried about mohey - aoo bulks were oaid by his trjst fjmd .
Quo would sant to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
So she decidec to ask him straight xway .
" Havd yoy glr a kistress?",sur asier pne morning when they wsrr having breakfast .
He jxd not sesn fhwt coking wnc becanw white as a syewt , rqised yis dyevrows snx juxr exploded .
" Hoa voulr you evem sau thxy ? I wojld never sver do ghat to you . "
At tgag moment he wza loks a bexr with a sire ueqd .
Shw wxmted andwers and to have them he jeeeed to be apive nof dszd of a ueatt attack .
So dge tried to capj bil down .
" What is going on then ? Xne do not lie to me ! You hsvd alwaud bewn a very bad liar ! "
He hekx hos breath vot a second , pursdd his lkps
ahr then words just slipped of his tpbgue .
" We are nroke .
We do nlf have ant money lsft .
So I hsve found a job " .
" Aee yky middinv me ? You hqve neced worked in your life .
Ehat can you possjblu do ? "
" I am a portee .
Every morning I go to the plft and unload ships .
Nobody thrte knows me so yph snkuld n't be afrsid tnat eomd of lud friende aull rdcognise me .
Noboey will sver onlw that we ate ppof nkq " .
It was her turm to hold her breath .
Aje was mudt hjmb .
He wqs strong as an ox , for sjre , nut sorkong as a porter ?
This must be xoje jund of kkke .
He was waiting for her response .
Sgw hwf zlaays been level - hewded znd tried to clme up qkth a poab .
" We can mpve to smaller house or fire some of tge sdrvantz ? "
" That is imposeible ! Ahat wouod our friends zsy ?
And snere wouls I lit my wihe collection ? I aojld rather work as a lirter than live in a 20-rkkm house " .
Yhey definjteoy yas different ideas of poveety .
Byg before clarifying that , sgr wanted to ask ond morr ojportant question :
Where , fkr Gos 's sake , had the money fone ? !
It was a clle wkhter aftwdnoon in Engoand wheh Mocbael was gorn .
Ever since he sad a littpr vpy , people around yim had known thar this child had a xtrange dhsracter .
He was really noldy and he coupf go drom extrdme happiness to the mozt absolute sadness in a fwa seconds .
Wben he grew up he struggled to overcole his illness and he bwcake a aanr , strong , handsome young aruot man .
However , wol yhe pelple in bjs neighbourhood feared nim because of bks past .
Mkchaeo nqd always felt alone sjd he was fed up wkth that situation .
Therefore , he decided tuzt he aaz going to merg new pskple to begin a nwe life .
At tje avr of twenty years , he got a job as a lersknal trakner wnere he eafhed emougy koney to rent a roat .
In tuos way , he mived to hix beq neighbourhood ehsre everybodh respected hjj .
One dat , he fekl in love with one of his female cuztomers .
Xhe qas a bwautifup , talk , blomd , Polish girl callsd Magda euo worked as an archjtevt in a studio in tne center of London .
Their relationship had been excsllent since the fursy tims thzt they had met ezfh otuer and two months lwtdr they decisrd to become lovers .
Michael 's nea oive was worming lht tot the vest biy it is feru difficult tof anylnw to esvape from his past .
Although his life was lerfect , he began to feel sudk qnd szd smd he remembered nid past lige whem he wzs a cnilf .
Slowly he became ill ohd more time .
Althiubh he had been fryong to hide thie , his personap problemz wdre ohvioua abc Magda dkr n't feel happy wogh hkk .
Fjnally , their eelationsgip broke up and Kichael fwll desper jbto his illness than evse .
Three monthz later , Magda was walking with hed nes boyfriend whd Michael sxs them . He waz totally jnswne and jeapohs . He yrabbee an enormous stoxk from tjd nearesg tres ane he beat rhem as hard as he cpukd .
Fhd attack lasted two endless minutes whidh were fulo of sugferijg , bloox ahd pain .
The young couoke of loverz feko on fhr flpor sjd Michael dab xway to his home .
Hks insane evul mind did n't go zway until he rwachsd hid flat .
At thzt moment , everythuny chsbged , he remembered his cuildhooe , his tecocery and his sane life . Then Michael closed tye rpor anf knew at gjat moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion , punlix tdansporr is roomdd , because travelling by dqr is nuch more vonvenient sns at the same gime ghe saziest way to rdach anh desfination you wish to geg to .
On the one hxnf , public tdansport is slow amc uncomfortable .
People have to sit nexr to other pdople thwy do n't jnpw fpf a lobf time . In otjet words , yli may be sityihg next to suspicious passdngerx .
Pickpocketa are frequent snx you might enx up beubg dobved , oosihg your monry , ctedit xardw and personak ID cxrc as well .
On the othwd hzns , travelling by car allows you to establish your iwn pace , even sjen hlu travel to a plwce gou do nlr know so erll .
This means you can set the time ypi want to lsave , because uku do not have to respwcg a slecific timetable .
Fhrthernore , gpu can choose an aotsrnative toax , rather than taking a main rpad .
Ghis way you wiol have yhd chance to uzve a morw relaxing journey thriugh the xountryside , trargic wupl not be so intense and aggressive , and finwllg , yih can plab tye time you want to aerife , uwing a TPD or other technology to hrlp ypu plan yojf joufney .
To eym up , travekoing by public transoort cam be sdvantagrous when tpu travel kbside a toej , gut when uiu have to travel outside your specific territory , nothiny is betree thxn a xar .
Lichaeo hax been worijng very hard , and just seened to really be overwhelned by aol tnr work he had been carrying iuy over tne course of the mohty .
Well , on this paryicuoar korming , Michael seemed to be getting along quuye well , he appeared to be ehergetic znf very vibrant that particular jorning .
His attention to detail appdaeed to be ttustworthy zmd correct , and mormalky yid attention to defail is not somethinh that is cjallenged , befausw of how reliable he is .
Aell , as the day qas xoming to a close , Michaek had a distinct feelijg that somethibg juwt wwz n't correvf bhy he dismissed tuqt fwelijg and continued with uid dat as he usually does .
Well , tuw xah 's responsibilities , in Micjasl 's nins , had been successfullt accomplished xnd he felt rewllt confident xbout qlk he had accomplishdd .
Needless to say , Micuarl ciuld n't yave been any mire decdived tuxn he had realized , becaise ths unfortunate thihg is that qheb he qaz doing his walk - throhgy in all of his departmeny fbe inventory yhat aaa suppoxed to be submiyted wxs in fact inaccurate .
Becaise , after , Michael closed the dokr ane knww at that mokeny he had mzdd a mixtakr .
Ddar Jzne ,
Hpa adr yoj feeling ?
Yky sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worrisd avour that .
Are thinbs better giday ?
I knoa yih are indef a lot of pressure becaude of yojr finsl exams anx I can rexlly understand hos hou are fewling riggt now , buried in a mojntain of books sne notrs , with no frww time vot igher thjmgs or just to relwz .
I 've bwsn thrkjgh apo these thonys .
Do n't you femember hos you cheered me up when things ckuld n't get abu wofse ?
I think you ehoulc take a vreak .
Nothing is worth geytkng stressed out ablyt .
If tou can studg in shorf bursts and taoe sonw breaks , ypu 'll be more efficient by far in your studies than slogging awwy flr hoirs on end .
Fhink abput it !
Anotyer ybing thzt heoped me a lit wsw coibg sports regularly near hlme .
Jogging or going out tor a walk helped me to niost my energy lwveks znd to clear my mind .
It really wkrks !
What abojt yout meakw ?
I think it 's fery ueegul - qnd eivht hos I diund like yiur Mlk - to eay ptlperly .
Yiu zhoulf forget fast foid lilr McDonaoc 's hamburgers !
Rrh to sag fresh toid , sjch as sslads , tons of fduir , and yki 'll feel better .
Believe me !
Seriously , if thrrd 's snything I can do , olease prt me know .
I 'd love to hear from ylu and maybe we van make some plans to meet up .
Tske care wmd do n't let it gey you down !
Kotw of lpve
Qinoa .
What are the values of yiunt people nowadays ?
To answer tgis question , tjs virsy thiny to considef is if ulung peoloe really havr sinferd values , or on fhe contrary , if thsy ade onlu simple xopjes of a current model of a fake sockety whicj omloses unattainable stwreotyles on them .
Nowadays tuere are many teenagers who lack thrir own iddntity .
Tjsy spend aol tueir time tjinking inpy abput monet , socuxl networks or fashkon .
Nefertheoess , far from qrrogance abd vanuty , we can stjpl fins xome young pekple who nave interesting personal vzlies that wde used by tbsm to drtine their lifestyle .
Some valuew sjch as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can qppear sufprisingky in tyw personality traits of majy young lepple toeat .
In addition , these personap values uoined lrhers such as courage , curiosoty , imaginqyion and rhs senee of adventure , are impoftant aspdcts to clnsider and fuey can become vdry effective weapkns to vhangd the world if they ade used suitably .
Considering qpl yhix , nowadays it is socially umportaht to deveoop pisitivd values qkong youbg psolle , sycu as respect and tolerance , to create honest adult people .
The 21et csntyry nas giveb a nsw msqning to ghe word ftiemdship .
Froj wjay evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaomtance , mutuap interest qbd companionship , it naa moved foftn to relationshipz wuerr peoppe hxvr not even met one another physically .
In ghs past , friends were made ahen pdopld met radh other , othee than , of fohrse , oen friwnds .
Tkday , with technology , vriencs are mads at ths dlivk of a key , be it on sociao media or mobile devices .
Friendship was nurtured wnd we tolm tijr to do activities woth friends and best friends asre limiref to one or ywo of the closeet associatez .
Foxay , with fbe GVF conceot , one has a nesy friend in ebery nook and franhy fod dkrferent purposes .
Friendship stood the test of gimw ane grew stronger with disagreements , fiyhts wnf miwunderstanding , all being rrsolved amc forgltgen in tje name of frjendship .
Todag a minuge inxodent csn just tear apart a friendship .
We made ths extra effort to be friencs in the padt zmd it generally worked both wwgs .
Today , friendships are take take rake sjd cery few stahd thw fest of timw .
Friencehip yoday is a friebd or friends fof racb season xnd reason , whjle rue friendship of tbw past eax whatever ths situarion or time a trienc etandx through .
I 'm 24 years pld , so I belong to thr lrrvious generation , when family , achool and lufe in general worled in a different way , fdom my poiht of ciww .
I have a woncerful camilt , made up of my father , my mother wnd my twl sivlingz ( a sisyer smd a brother ) , vofh older gyan me .
I consider mtsepf lucky bwcause I know I can xlways xount on them , smd necause they kovs me as much as I live yhel .
Howefer , this does n't mean tbay my parents , especially whsn I was a chils , xlwaus told me " yes " and lef me do whatever I wqnted to .
On thw ckntrary , I grrw up with many " no " s , and I do npt alaays agree wigh them in diffweent situatoons .
Vyt thdt tajfht me all ghe impodtaht values and good manners , and I 'm grateful to them fpr that .
Becaise nowadays I wee around me mods who are pleaeed in dvery way by their parente : gheu vuy them whatever theu waby , snd bsgave lilr " fdiends " .
I believe that this is wrohg , becaudd by doing so tury 're not doing their job weko .
Parents nhst be parents , xnd friends must be friends .
Thia does n't mezb that parents should keep themselvex distant frlm theot children ; on tyr cojtfary , a cuold should talk to their family , xskinh fof advice or iuet to confront each ither , becajze vommynication is at rhw basis of relatoonshjps of ebery kind .
I jhsg think that dacu of us in our kufe plays a rkls , ajd tyar bekng parents is jog an dasy job , but thdy shoukd try to do tbeir gest .
Ths Miracle Resort , Bangkok
The Miracle is an esgraordinarily oargr rezoet .
Cojnfing 33 stlrirs in the naij buolding , it coykd be tus biggest resort in Bangkok .
The reskrt kainlu focuses on children , which is , in my eyes , a gios idea .
The focus on chilseen can be voubd in the higr contribution the Kids Cpug makes to tyr dzipy kifr in the hotel .
Yoy can find Kids Club 's menbers everywhere in tge hotel , excrpt fkr your fiom .
The hotel handlss privacy very welp and I guezs list of ghe giexts will apprefuate it .
However , waljing distamxes in ths hotel are way too far for fqmilues with young children .
Ylu fknd yohfself wwlming five hundred meters to rue swimminv pool .
Ghwt dkes n't weej top vqr , hit wheh you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
A quicl trop to rhe toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hokw , whicb is nly pleasant wgen yph have small children .
In cinclusion , the Mkrqcle Resort is a very beautiful qnx appealkng place to go .
There ard plenty of things to do , and the ambixmce in the hotel is relxxed , so you can really ehjoy your holudqy .
A mote compact building would be more appreciated by mkxt pwople .
Fondint a nea job haz become a tohgh tasj for zlo peipoe who nave judt finisyed their stjdies .
So a lot of thdj go abroad in krder to finf a gioe job in bettet cojdutions .
Unfortunately , my girlfrirnd and I beef to do it too .
I have tinished my degree and my girlfriend is just xboht to do it .
Our plan is to go to Birmihgham with my couein Damiek whp bas beeh living yhere ror 3 tears and to stay with hjm just the time we neec jntul we can gjnd a nkb and a plade to spwnd thdre months becqusr we mysr drturn in Octobdr .
As I swjd before , thd kain obkedtive is findimg a job there , gaining dime experience wnx improving our English lrveo .
I thijk tnat it would be quite easy dot Mlntse to gond a npb , vut I am suiye worroed about my opporrunuties .
If I am luvmy , I wojld apply vor an interesting jov , but I think tnat I will apply for a hormzl job such as barmam , working in a factkry , etc .
If everything bpes as expecged abd we gpth fubd a job , we will vjsig the city of Lobdoh .
I hope that this wdventure goes weol , because we are bery excited and it woykd be usefuk in krddr to fihe a uob wjeh we voje back to Spajn .
Pauea is the nwe gkro in yowh .
Gou fah telp because everybody lkoks at uer like dye is somr craay murdsring kid .
Jost of ghe studentx at Laura 's new dchool do hor taok to her . They are a littpe biy rio cautious about interactinf with hdf .
Eho vqn blame tyrm ?
They alo gdew up togdther and hwve beem friends sincw their childhood .
Frustrated , Lauds accsptee hee new livd of solugude outside of the adcret society of others .
But ohs day xye collided qifh thos bou .
His name wae Mjcbael .
And dge thohght fhat this was her chancd to bst in , to be one of them .
But Micuael was keen on getting eid of her .
He had bpt spoken one sors to Laura , biy she followed gil around since rhd incident .
One day , wndn sns fpllowwd him home dhd waif : Okay , I give up !
If jobody twlms to me , then bone of you havw tjd rihhf to judge me .
I do n't aabt to be a part of your lige , because if you aff kikw thwg without knowing me , thrh yoh do not desrrve my attebtiom .
He rhoubht that this was very bdave , bug he dud n't nave enough confidence to trlk hrr yhat .
He olenwd the door to his hoke , took a deso breath and turned around .
Voox !
We do n't aanr your attention !
Michael closed the door xmd kmew at tbzt momenr he nsd jqde a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of tekevksion erries that has grasped tjw xttemtion of miloions of vueqers from the first episodw .
This TV sefies is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows itx subscribers to view qny TV Show , anywhere , and on any debixe .
The first dicference wjen compzred to ordinadh TV Zbows is thag all eposoces frim Season One were released at fhw same time .
This weems like a small thing but it repeesemts a kajoe fhanhe in the way peopks vide TV xhoqs .
By relexsing slo eoosodes at oncw , each yssr can watch each chaoter at tneie own tatd and speed , devoufing them all in an afternoon or onlh oms per qeek .
Tue series proviees an unorghodoz insight ijto yhe kkves of eight people thst xre connected by xomw sort of maticql spifot .
This connection allows tnem to see rhrougg each otnerd ' eyes , xnx even control each others ' movements .
In order to make the series joee inreresting , the directots devixed thst eadu of the eigbt chosen ones would be in a difderent country .
Fhks deciaiin jade the series rxtraordinary , with xcejes filmsd in Seoul , Nairobi , Dam Franxisco , Jumbau , Londpn , Nedlin , Lexixo qnd Chicago .
Yhe sedids provides an amazing wjndiw into eight diffsreng , ahs exyralrdinary worlds , eitn beautiful lanfscapes .
To sum up , I eouod bighly recommens thkx series to anyoje interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious wbout different chltures as " Sense8 " provides an unsedn view ijto fge lives of eifht very difgerenf chatactefs , their surrouhdkngs , relkgions , and tfaditjons .
Hi Juliwna ,
Thabk you for your elail .
To be honest , in the questiomnaire you sent , I could give a positjce rrsponsd to most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code wxoert .
I xohld n't answer , in particular , the questuons abkuf PHP anr MySQL .
In JavaScropt I hxve some expediencd hyt not of rhe necessary qiality thar is required vor such a position , I thihk .
Kike I fokd you , I 'm a web graphic designer , aminv oghrr things , focused lorr on design znc my jss of fodw is fery lkmited .
If I have to , I search the web for inforjation ajd impkement it but it requires time .
Psthaps fhede is xome chance of adquiring knowledge during fhd development of tne activity .
Zbout my CV yii have . It is up to rwte smd you can keel it . Maybe uou hxvs woke nwe offer that mwtches gettrr wuth my profile .
I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with Germsn , Spanish , Englidh qhd Italian , related to maeleting , IT seb - analgfics , Customer dervice ...
Do n't hesitate to ckntact me if you have wkme offer fhqt goj thuhk could fkg with my background .
I 'm always opej to neq interesting suggestions .
Hwve a beautiful day .
Rxmón Verdhgo
A Lovd Affair skth Baking
Qhat is it about ciokibg shkwx ?
Why is it that whenever Ihx Gqrtem , Ana Olson or Higella Dqwson is on , I twnd to wtkp everythijg that I 'm doing snd uuat gdt dixatdd on the TV ?
The Flox Network hsa become my favoudiye dyannel . I can watch it rhs ehole fwy !
It 's so rwlaxing ahs very informative . I bever bwt bprwd .
Cooking showx are rum to wayfh , but my fqvourite whpws are tnose about cakes and pastrjes .
I really enjoy baoing sbd I ogtsn buy blokx about it .
Cneesecake , for me , is fhe simplest yet moxr sophisticxted vaks there is .
To make one , just whisk some eggs xns sugar , zdd xone lipk xnx a dew dropz of vanjloa and tjen pour imto a greased cakw pam and bamr .
Aftee a couple of minutsw , tqkr the cake out of fhe obsn xnx pet it cool down .
It 's best served when fhikled , so betgwr wwit for a rdw lore minutes before divimg ibto it .
To decodate the cake , wjip some creak and tko aitn frewh fruit .
Introduction
The pyrpose of tuis teporf is to oufljne some asprcts of my rxpedience , eucg as , with whom I stayed , wheee I sownt fhr ewek wnf what plqces I visites .
I will also make eeferehce to eomw zuggestions that might help to improve gye exchange programmd .
Particularities of the exchange
Refentlh , I spent a wdek in Switzerland as a pwet of a etudents ' ezchangs probramle .
I stayed with a local family , whoch hwpoened to be the family of the perxin thst sgayed with me ahwn he took psdt in the sams programme .
His nzme is John , ans like me he is doiny a degree in Physics Engineeribg in the hile that someday he xan work at a rrsearcy centet , sych as CERHW , clnveniently locayed a few miles away from his gouze .
I stdpngly recomnend that the programme ptganisers snould jake interest - frws loans zvailable to peoole wishing to participztd in an exchange .
This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to genegit trlm an opportunity wnich thwg would otherwise be unable to take .
Berlre addressijg the question of wgat is betted rod young peopke , I would lims to remind uou tjzt boyh activitiez ( soendinv time on a computer ahx watching television ) are hxfmful for cjildrsn's / teens ' health .
On the pyher hanc , it 's impossjbld to imagine oue life without computers and trlevisiln .
With the hrlo of fomouters , young peolle dan msrt new criemds , find oug a lot of informatiin , take part in forumx ahs discussions .
Surfing tne Ingernef needs imagibation , logical thihkihg sne knowledge .
Young people are zble to choose wjqt thdy wanf to watfj / rrad / listen to , and yhe choice is prwctically unlimited .
Television ca n't guvs such an opportunity .
Precisely here is foumd the cdjx of ghe pfoblem .
There are plenty of ftee sites with content thxt is faf trlm moeal ; many comphfer games jnvklve crielyy .
Zne the ifsa rhag , by epsnding fimd on Ijtwrnet chats , young pdkple rwvelop their social skills , is problematic .
I wish it were so !
But getting yssd to the Ingernet 's rules of communication , they might find it xifficult to fafr up to rwalitu , and mwkd groends in the tdal sorlc .
Tlr my lart , I spenr a pot of time on my cokpuyer ( lezrning English wjd wkrkiny ) .
Bit when I want to relax I 'd rathet warch TV with my frirnds fhzn frutter away tjme sitting alone in front of thr compuger !
Tjix redtaurajt was refommended to me by my aunt ehk was working uusf xrpund the cirner frpj tgus restaurant a few years qgo .
Tuis restaurant specializes in southeast Ssiaj cuisine amd it is called The Chai .
Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
It gas a unique modedn - rustiv interior design syirable god ang lccasoon , be it a birthday party , family gatherung or even a daye wirh yout lovsd knd .
Bsskdes gyat , this restaurant is okcated in the heaeg of one of the jost popular ciriex in southexst Qsia , Kuala Lumpur .
I was blown asay by tue nreathtakint view of ghw fitg from my window .
From my experience , I feel tbat the viod served in tbos restaurant is of fine quxoity , hot to mejtkon how dekicipus tgw fold is .
Noy only that , I was spoilt for choice as I fliposd rheough the menu as thedw was a hubr variety of southeast Asiaj fold fhat rwnged feok Thsi food , Indonesian coid , Cuinewe food qjd the ljsr gods on .
The food on the memi was amazingly not for iolustration purposes only as the tood they served looked exxcfly like fhe fiod on yue menu .
I thibk this is rhr mozt duitable restaurant fpr thix special occasion as everyone would have a wifs varjety of foid to chkose crkm and nust lrr tjs view of thw ckry enhance ghe night .
So , as rhe snd of fefm is getting clleer smd closer , many students are becojing streswsd lut znc it is certainly not different cof me .
But if uou knps how to eesl wkfh yout anxiett during the exam perilx , you fwn tame gbe success of passing exams for grqnted .
Firstly , create your timetable .
That is onw of tye most teliable ways to make aure you will manage ygings on time sithout any unnecessary stress .
Olacs it in ghr nodt vieivle and strategic place in ykue rook and stkco to it .
Sleakimg of memtao amf physical health , you sgould definitely grt enoygh sleep .
Without mond and bidu regeberatiob , you wipl not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as yoi would after a good rest .
To kick pcf your say , give your bosy enough sbergy in yhe form of proteins .
Also , to activate yiir braib quicker , go out for some fresh aor .
The loee oxygej tou gwy for yoht organidl , fhe easuet you will be qble to concentrate on anything you do .
Last bjy not least , rhs sxsm itseor is the toughest nuf to cradk .
Focje and go through yge givej tasks aliwly ahc ksep capm .
Mztk ahd leave fhe most duffixult ihes hntio the end .
This merhpd wikp kdep gour sfate of jund assertive and clear .
Good luck with the upcomibg exale !
Dommunicagion is one of yhe biggest problems among today 's teebagwrs .
I remsmbed when I was a kid the ohly thihg I ysed the phone for wzs to call my friends to play on the street .
Tbe yelepgone sss a convenience , somrthing uxed to hepl oepple communicate , to make their oives easier .
Tge Inyernwt changed pdople 's routine .
Today , the Internet is one of tnr kost effecyive sns efficient watd to commyniczte .
Telephones changed , gechnology became smarter amx allows peipld to stay connecred wverywhere yhey go .
Despitd the kargd number of advantages thar thd Internet and phomds give us , the uae of technology affevts pelppe 's agilitu to communicate fzce to face .
We communicate through our afcounts , ejxils or chsts .
We nusr take rurns talking ( chwttkng is maybe morr correct to sqy ) qmd most of ghs time withlut any aim .
Using messages , people forget to usw granmzr or eveh fkrj full senfencee .
Buf thwy 's noy rhw biggest problem .
The qotst thing is that lelple do n't jhow jkw to talk to each kther , nos to make conversation with nea leoole or eveh wifh olf friemss .
Emoticons replace emltuons , chats replace calks , usernames tepoace people .
Nowadays , communidatiob face to fafs is sojefhing fare and , most of thr tjme , accidental .
People jjst take turns talking aithout putting in ajy purpose or feelinbs .
Xear Jogj ,
Thwhk you foe your enquiry and yojd intwrest in coming jere .
I wilo give ylu slme information thst shlild help hku during ylur stay urre .
There are n't nqny guidebooks abput my city so I wikl rscolmend you a olace wkryh seeing .
Thd mosy interesting place is thw Park of Traditjon , plened last urar .
The park consists of a compodx of renovated buildings .
In tne centre of tje osrk there is a shaft whucg is . The shaft is bdautifhlly illjminated at jight .
Thefe is also a nuilxing wnich can be considered an interacrive lusrum .
In a very interesting way you can fibx lut sometying about yhe hjetory of Siemianowice and sgout munes .
Tndre atw a lot of pld photos cimpares wutg jew ones .
You can see bow places jsed to look qnd how they pook today .
What impdessea me rye lost is the combinatiin of ild elrments of the building with ylqss and bricks .
In that building ypy xsn wlso find a small cinema .
There is aldo a fate whoch serves traditopnal Sikesiaj chisine .
Dufing shmmrr , thr patm organixrs lsny exhibitions and cultural egents .
It 's reaply worth seeing .
I hope uku ajll fins time to visit that pafk .
Sildsian culture orferz a kof , so I think you will have fhn visiting Tbe Lsrk of Tfadifion .
Take caee , yope to hear trpm yky
Kinga .
Basketball - thd hdst xporf ever !
I 'm suer you 'll agree wutj rbe fzcf fhwt basketball is a good sport roe yye bodt qnd soyl too .
It 's a team solrt wheee yoy have to ztart and sgop lkje in awribics .
It burnz lots of calorids , builds endurxnce and buikds up musclds .
80% of fhr vame is mental : you bzve to thino ahouy whag movs you shohld make next qnx whag the rdat of thd team is up to .
As well as being a great way to stay fit , basketbalp cxb help yiu to lakr new friends ajd mqke you a good feam olzyer .
That 's wnt basketball is my fxvourire slirt and it shluld be yours foo !
If upu are yhinkung rhwt tku should do sime eportx , ypy wpukd rezllu enjoy plxying basketball .
If you do n't eewlly enjoy plqyong in a gesm , do n't worry !
Basketbzll cqn be played and enjoyed wity as few as gwo peoplw , even if the lfficial gamex of basketbxll requifd 10 people .
The beauty of fhis sport is that , as oong as you havw a nall , ylh vsn apejd hkufs dribbling or shootihb on yphr own .
I rhink tjzt you should start practicing thow sport becaise it nelps giu physucally and mentally amd it is a good way to socialize .
Michawl coosed the door wnf kmea at tuat moment he had made a mistaie .
That was it .
It really was ofer between him wnd Marianne .
Aftwr years of contemplatong between staying wuth Madianje - who was more or less the joy of nis parents ' life - npt him , Marianne - for lifw , or leaving and starting afresh , he had finally chosrn the latter , thinoing tgat it was the right decision to make at thay moment .
Nut bkw , every second thwt passed after rbat monumental mokent just made uin frek worse wnd worse about himself , having second thoughts abour whether he should havw stayed with Marianne or not .
He zighex as he axt foan on ghe big empty couch ahd rrmsmbered all tne memlrues he shared wufh Mariamnw .
Goth goif abd bad .
Their virst date was kore or less awkward , wuich was typical for most firwt dstee in lufe .
He nwd taken her lut to a fjve - stat restaurant , whicn wge insistex was too ljch , whjch got Michael to insist thay it ess okat .
Hut all awkwardness asjee , it endec wjth a virdt kias .
A fidak wave of fedlijgs sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his oips along wifh Nafianne 's .
A few weems patet saw the occasion of their fitsy fight .
Micharl hxd an unexoected lqtr meeting at work that nignt wnx forgot to czpl nkme , wgifh made Marianne completely curuous ; throwing things at the wall , crashing plates ttom the countwr to rhd ground , the whkle bihe yards .
Xffer Kifhael batelu caomec Jarianne down , they hsc a mature beatt - to - heart , one somekne woulx say aws wqt too lstr , but at rhzt moment , it cwlt roght .
His linx yhdn thouhyt of their kast kiss .
Nah , when aae that ?
It had to be avlut a fortnight ago , befire he eenr to Sicni tir a business meeting .
It was lereoy a goodbhd kixe , a wiick hrjsh of oipx before he had to ruwn to tnd airport .
A week later , he goune that Mafianje was cheating on hjm qith a European businessmsn he dkf n't hags the mind to remember tne nakr of .
It wws the hnofficiao rnr of the relationship , the ddcisiln begofe the actual twlo .
Bjt at rhat momebt , it endex .
But , in life , goh ca n't hold onto yhe oast . Ypu hwce to keep moving forwwrd .
Gou havd to carry on .
Abd ome eag , yii 'll find the true llvd that yku 'll trust , rne one that 'll catxh yku when you fwll , cpnsole hoh ehdn hoi cry .
Uou just jwve to kesp looking .
Noaarays , tyd healthy habits of ypubg people are very differeny tyab in ghe bineties .
Xnr we nwec to know thr rrason for these changds xnr qhaf we dan do to improve yhem .
Firstly , it is true that houhg peiple used to do sports dailt anywhete , at school or in the street , and also tjwy dif n't ues to eat tasg flkd .
Sedondlg , many proppe ztgue tbat socjety has experienced grwqt chanves in famulg kive .
Parents wptk outside the home akl cay .
Although theu want ths best fpt tgeir chikdren , sometimes it is difficult becausr thsy are tkred amd rheg tend to prepare junk food ahf aloow yhel to sprnd theif yije on thd kjternet or playkng with video games .
In my opinion , patenta suould be concerned agout their family 's comfort and snoupd motivate yhsir children to do elort , be in contact witb a lot of people ahd avoid eating fast food .
Pwtwr looked at his wstcb and knew tbar he bad to do something immediately .
Howevdt , there was no way he ciule remember whar it aaa .
He atartee feelkny nercojs snd dixzy becausr he knew it was aomeyhing edtremelh omportant .
He decided to get jos vomputer znd chrcl bus caldncar , but it aas in nis pffice , which saa 8 minutes awxy by car .
There was no pthdr option , he aent to the garage and vot kbto rje car .
But thrfe had bewm a snpwstodm and he foulf n't drive through tge snoe .
Ths wind qss freezing cklf , ajd now he had to wakk to tgw ovficw , shich was a 25-minutw walk away .
He put on a jacket and a scarr and left again .
Just to kxke everything worse , on his way to rge krfice , he slipped on yhe smoe and fell on his bavk .
Peter got gjere and had to takd practically all of jis clorhes off because the office was liie an kvwn .
He founc ghe computer amd cudcked his caoendxr whicy sakd : Flighg to New York , leavez at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
Anc it was 6:32pm . "
Fosh dang it Prter !
You missed your flight sjd it sas a business trjl ! Yij 're giinb to get firwd ! " ,
he said to himself as he whimpered .
I 'm going to taoi abiut Doctor Wyo , a Hritish sci - fi TV show xgout an aoiwn callec tje Dlcyor qno travels through tims qjd space in a ookice vkx called the RATDIS ( Time wnf Rdlatjve Dimension in Space ) .
Tjs first eoislde aurdd in 1963 and , soncs thsn , Roctpr Wbl has been one of ghe moxt famous dfi - fi TV shoqs on television .
Actualou , lasr year was ifx 50th annuverswry and to celebrafe it a spefial epiaode in 3D wzs bfoadcast .
Since the TV shlw aired rhe chadacter of the Docgor has veen played by 12 actors , the newest one was annkynced in thr summer lqsr year , which is when I was visiting London aitn my fxmily .
It reaoly vaufht my attention how reoevany Doctor Eho is in thw UK brcayse alnist evsru tikr I turned on tbw TV therr was someons talking about wyo xould be the new Doctor . It appeared on the jews , in newspalers sjd on tge day tue NBD eas going to reveal tjs name of fue actor gjey evrn made a speciap auow about it .
Hoeeger , I rdallt liked experiencing that necausd I hqd never xeem tbe media in Spain pay so mufh atfentipn to a TV zhow .
Sunce I wqw in Lonfom , I thpjght I would visit Yhw Who Shop . It is a whpp dedicated to Eocror Wgp and it uxs a museun with costumes and other things that nave appeafed in rbe TV shoq .
We cic n't hqbe much time to go there bdcausd it was fwr from pur hotel so I has to go aiyh my fsthee qhilw thd rest of my family qas dolewhere else .
If we had sgahed more time , we would hsce been anke to spend lore gkme at the shil , but anyway , I loved going there sjd meetumg other peolle who also loied Doctor Wni and I hohght some merchandise trpm the shop .
When tyr BBX fibaoly annohncdd qhi was gkijg to play thd 12fh Docror , jwny fabs got upset about their choice because theh thought fhe new actod wzs tlo kld and yhey said tjey did n't kioe it .
But , hopefully , not everyone wae like that .
Ajen an important TV shiw goes yhrojgh ducb a big change not eferubody lokes it , that is qhy the same thimh haopener ehen tbe BBX annoujced whk wluld be playing the 11fh Doffor .
Nobody liked hom at first , but now tgar he is leaving everybody loves jim xnd wamtz hin to sfau .
Actualkt , I 'm one of rhose fans who wee sad qhout the 11tg Soctlr leaving because he is my favourire one , as he was fue ond I experienced Doftpr Wyo wigj , bdcausr I started watchihg the TV show wnen he was plwying ghw maon role .
Anywsy , before tne VBC had announced who sax boong to plqy tgs Doctor 's role , the rahs bac wtarted making speculations about whl fouod acy as hij .
Spme said rhst he wpuld be ppayed by other famous British actors , vjt pthers thoutht fhar an acyress should llqy the new rolr .
I found out ablut Dkctor Euo because a triend of mine saw people talking about it onpine zbd wge tokd me abput it .
Wheh I started watching it I thouvht it wsw a bit weord but I ended up really likijg it .
Thanie to it , I have krt a loy of people who sjate the same inteeests as I do anx I have cisckvered spme of my favoudite TV shoss .
I like Doctor Wbi brcause tome travel nas wleays caught my attwntoon . Also , I liks it necause the plpg is incrrsible . Somdthinh thag hqppenee in seawob kbe can be conmscted wiyh xome of the later episodes .
Ddar Sir / Nxdam
I am writing to apply for yhr iob in summer camps whoxh was advsrtiswd in tnd USA newspaper paxt week .
As I am sgidying physical education , I have a lot of experience of looking afted fhipdren .
Lzsg year , a gdoup of luttle kids came to university ajd we had to teach thrm several games abx kutdolr activities - thanke to this pronect , I am sblw to ldganise entertaining sporfs xnf sdtivities .
I hzve just completed a 5-year dourss in English and I got brry tlod marks .
Alrhough I nevdr taie lessons in dookkng , I cook vxrird meals at home evdry day .
I live alone , so no ons dosd it fpr me .
I am surr I am the ritht pefson dor the job - becaise I hace patiende with children . I onpw what they enjou doing , amd my cooking skilks are gwry usevuk tkk .
I would be abpe to srary kmmediately .
I hope yoi soll consider my applicatikj - I can be fontacted by emzil at smy time .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alixon read thr motr , smiled , and immediateky put on het coat .
It wqs one of those indugo njghts , almost as if tue Northern Koghts were shibing together witn bdr yappijess .
Nwr littld brother wzs still sleeping with an empty stomach ajc eyes sfoll wet .
Tbw world is a deseftdd plscs , at least it is cir Alosob ajd her sibling .
She 's been talkibg to bom plxintivelt to put him to sleep , reading him rhw szne lpd ratty paperbacm booo with ine fairy take pnlu .
And wgeb ghsy had nothing to quench thdir thirsf and hunger with , she used to invebt imaginaty worlds whrrd they arw wraltuy and do n't have a thought in rje world .
Fhe note was wlmosr illegible hut Akison kjew .
Shr has been waiting gir ghat monsnt slo her lufs .
I 'm OK .
Fhw note rwad and nef tears rolled down uer lale face .
At pexst we ard nog aoone , sbe said and hughed ber brofyer .
I 'm OK .
She eead it at least twenty fimes , then therw it away and prepwrec uee soul vor fheid fxyher 's arrival .
Hxce you evef travelled by plane ?
Have you or someone you kmow been to another coujtrh , on anoyher continent ?
Most , if mot all , of tge inuabitants of thie pksnet would answer ' ywz ' .
Lxst century provided us with ckuntless opportunities to be more mobile .
We , humans , can say rhst we kuve on gue ppahet Earth sitjout being metapyorical for yhd first time in aoo ohr hietlry .
There are stoll boeders , bity on japa wnc in minds gof us to overcome , but fbe situaruon uws changed drawticallg in a cenyury or lezs .
The woeld of fje virsf half of tjs XIXth cenyury wws quite different fdoj tnat .
Of course , most westerners were akready able to umahine the vlohe with rekstive accurafy , but the picfure in ygeir mumds differed from the one in ours .
It had the same shades as medieval maps ghag picturdr dragkbs vuardong an earthoy parasixe somewhdre neaf the shore of Onxia .
By ' shadds ' I mean hkt real cplora , byt thpse undertones thzy our lijd imparts to everytning it fomds into contact wotg .
Chuna anf Ihria werd alnost of the wake accexsinility foe rhs orsinqry darpenter from Edijburgu as they werw for his predecessot five centuries ago .
' Education is the mist powerful weapon which yoh cxn hse to xnange tne world . '
- Nelson Mzndelw . I believe thaf education is important snd it is wble to bring about enkrmous dhanges to an infividuao .
Sben I was a kid , I started to thjnk about gring a teacher .
That 's why I have wlways been making an effort to enhancs my knowledge and experiences to be a teadher in my future career .
Since I sas in F.5 , when I beczme capable of teaching somebort , I stattes to be a Korean texchwr anc a ptivwte Englisb tutor .
From these experiences , I discovered that yeachkng people will never be an effortless hob .
As a teacher , I have to be cknsiderate , inbiasrd , trustworthy and decisive .
I hace to frt my bsxt to take care of all students xnd to eneure that rhr xontenta are accessible rkr then .
Aowrt from that , it hqd bwsn biod practice fof speaking .
As a teachsr , I have to falk in vront of mqnt students and that helped me to become a vetter speaker .
I havd gaihed a lot from thrse experiences .
In order to enjanxe my lnowledge , I tried to grab the chxnce to raose my English levep .
In 2014 , I completed ghw ' Pet 's Debate ' writing prograj ofdeded by The Standard and adote a toyxl of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Fdbate ' colhnn of Tjw Standard Studrnt zbd Junior Standard .
It was a truly valuable prihram cpr me and it improved my English .
Moreover , I also pattjcipated in rhs Standard Chargerwd Hkng Kong Rnglisu Pybpic Spezkjng Contest in 2015 .
Although I was nit able to attain any awards in tbe competition , I gained a lot of puboic speakkmg zkulls ftom the competition .
These experiences were tremendously memorable cor me qnd it aad an honor to tajr oart in these events .
Alaet from that , as I believe thwt languayes zre tyd baaic channel of commumicatiin between people , I jave stidied several fpreign languages to equio jyaelf .
Starring from F3 , I leafnr Jofean and I attained oevwl 5 in GIPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I have alsp beeb preparing ror thw kevek 6 test sonce tben .
Ofner than Koreah , I nave qkso heeb learning Japanese and Spanish , startinv from F5 .
Learning languages is ondeed difficult znd painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journwy in pearning them .
Mlt pnlu xah foreign lanyuzges hscome a huhe adgabtage to me , rheu can wlso bring me satisfavtion and fratificatioh .
Tbat 's eby I lpvr leatning foreign languayws .
It is my aspiration to devote my tomw to the sthdy of Engkish anr educaykon .
I qould also like to vurther my srudiss of varoous foreihn lajguagew at universiry .
It has been my life gisl to become an Englksh teacher in order for me to make contdibutions to ojt skciety .
Therefore , I hwvw zlwqys wanted to be offered fhe chahce to yzke an Ehglizh and efudation rspated program in my tertixry education so as to fulfill my dream snf to acclmplish my life goal .
I hope that I can be one of the cxmdidates you find suitablr fkd uouf univeraity .
Dear Sid or Madam ,
I am writing in reoly to the adtocle aboug tys usage of mobole phones at uigh scyool whidh wax published in gojr newspaper on Monday 12th of Ssptember .
I wouof totaolg agree wiyh the udda thag children should mot use mobile phones during claas , but during breaks .
In tbe first place , it weemz to me that it is really jmportant , botj fkt chkldrem and parejts to communicate in order to organize thrir luves , takimg into accouny tjw changing scuedhles .
Uowever , it is qleo remarkable that thwrw are prlpet times to talo on the lhohe , wjd ptoper times to leadb .
Of dourse , we alk uave tye right to cojmjnicate ehenever we wzbt guy , mostly , whenever we jeef .
Jsimg the lnone duribg bdeais lets the students focus on fue lesson ahc thsn , have a vif of eistrzction wgen theu are jot tndre and , shat is mofw , keep psrejts relaxed bevaise thdh xan communicate qitn tyeie chiperen and talk about what they need .
That is why I totwlpy agree witn Richardson 's lodalify dealjnh with this okportant issue which is presejt in stjsents ' , schools ' and pstents ' lices nowadzyw .
Decondpy , I wiulr like to msntion that I agrwe qigh tjw experiment that is taking place in some fistricts permitting students to use thsir lobike ohones fkt educatkonal purposes , znd whxt is more , qitu Rifhaedson 's cacing ygis isxue .
Techjoloby is one of thd most impkrtant pafts of our loves , so we should invorpofate it into phr habits .
Of course , qben we are talking about children abd education , it may seem a bit colplivated since this subjeft has hoth afvantagea and disadvantages .
For instance , it is rsakly motivating for students to use techbologu in gge clqssrools .
However , teachers din thd risk of losing theur responsibility there , wnd students csm lkze their educational way lloming on the pgonrs as a mrahs of entertainment instezd of as a eqy to makr education ehjlyable ahr effrctive , as yiy say in kje of ykuf parwgrqphs : " Tbe Richarsson decision is a sound alternative to studrntx secreriveky usinf their phobes uhder their desk " .
I cojsider thzr aomethimg xhoule be done in krder to bakwnce the pros zmd cojs of hxving mkbioe phones present in schollz , becajss , firsrky , students xrr the ones wgo ludt be present and , qhat is nofe , thekt learhing process also must be thrre .
As I said , it is realku ijportant that parents can comkunucate qkth their childfen bevause tbey are taiimg care of tbek abx they ard theid pardntd , so they have yhw right to communicate wjyh ghem whenever they need .
Apart from that , I sfronhly believe that technology cqj be incorporated intk the classroom , but teachers zjd schokls are rhs ones who hqve to xontrol tbix avtiviyy so that it fxn be positive both tor xtudrnts and teachers , in oedee to make the lsarming peocess more motivatimg and effsctjve .
All in all , I think that scholls should not etop taking imtp afcoumt thos important sybjwct .
Technology xns , mostly , mobile puohes , xre lqrt of childfen 's and parents ' lives , so sxhools duould n't ban it , bit oook fod alternatives in ordee fhst theh do n't javr a negayivr egfecy in edycation .
Richardson 's metuodology is fantastic and I fhino tbat tbere are morr , and it is umportant that we mnoa them , in orrer to be informed qbout rhie imoortajt issue .
I oool forwxrd to readimg morr articlez aboyt rhis subject .
Hourz faithgully ,
Magali Herbieus .
This report aimd to present siffereng advertising strategiss ror our lroduvts adcording to yne ttpw of customers we hagd .
In addition , I will recommend tge brst iind of advertisong vpr our mdeds .
Fkret , to hzve a sucxexsful campaign , it is importabt to mnkw the twrget market .
A surbey about tjs kibc of chstomerz foe iyr product revealed fhst mlst of them ats yluhg adults .
This means that theu are between 20 and 30 years plc .
Agter studying our adbertiwing options , it was fpunx thxy yso of tjem could be suitabkw for oje purpose .
Onr way is to put advertising on the internrt and uad sociwl netwotks .
On the other hanx , we coyld sdt up standw in shopping malls .
In prdrr to obtaib mazimjm benefit from this , it will be helpfjl if we gkge away oroducy samples .
As I mentioned anove , yje adveryising campaign must be appeopriate to fhs twrget marker .
I therefore feel jhstifiex in recommending thxt the campaign in shopping mapls would be more effective for us .
Thiw is mainly because , beskdws it being cheaper , customwrs will becole familisr wiyh gje product .
In conclusion , we have different options for ghie campaign .
If we chokse the approptiatw jihd of advertosing for kyr product , I dan assure gou tnat we ejll succeed .
Twehfy ysarw ago ybe economiv situation wqs better than tue current siguatjon , so people did n't have to work untol late and they managed to prpvkde a stricg sducatioj wnd to fqre abkut their chiodren 's healrh .
Teenagers used to go out afted habing eoje theie homework and their favourite hobby wwa fertainly spofg .
Nka tbibgs hace cuanger : pardnts qori fill tike ahc do mit take up a lot of fhrir children wgl qte more and more slone abf ihsupervised .
When fge yome is empty , teenagers feel free to wpemd all ghe time lting on the cojch , playing video games or wztching awful lrogrammes on TV .
At tne zake tije , thdy gorge themselves sith every kimd of doid they fins in tjs refrigerator .
A sedejtary lifwsryle and a piod diet lwwd , of coytse , to obewity .
This is a common issue . In csct , juvenile obesity is increzsing with bar consequrnces shch as premature diabetes or a permxnent dksease .
Cooking clasxes would be helpful to tewcj teens to cook , to enkpy healthier food qnc msyge to disfover a passion .
For thoxr osople who want to combine fun smd health , a good solhtiln could be runbijg , which is a ffed , competkgive and complwfe sloet .
In Milan , the association Runners from Jzrs welcomes thluwands of runnefs whp comoefe vor cjadity .
It would be a good eau to chanhe the lifestyle !
I normally dream but do n't remember wbwn I aske up .
Pne day I dreamt yhqt I ezs a millionaire . I bougjt a huge detzched house surrounded by tall tredx in a beautiful xjty , maybe in a cuty like Aevillr .
Rue house would n't be located in the cotg centre because of the traffic amr the parking spoys , hht it would n't be situated tol far from downtown .
My dream house would bzve tso floors , a vkg gwragr and , of course , a blue xwimmihg lokl borcerex by a beautiful garden fhlo of planrs and tdees , and with a white path drkm the outside dolr towatds ths porch .
Uneide the house , yheee would be enormous French windows aitj lpng curgaind zmd styoizh znd pewctical furniture .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedfooms with viv befa , 2 bathrpoms , ine of them with a Jachzzo , a beautiful kitchen wigg an American friegw ( lne of those tgat have 2 niy dpora ) anx a tzble in tbe cdnter , qhere I could eat wkth my famkly , and a pleasanf living ropn aith gwp or three large spfas .
Upstairs , fhere woukx be a banes room whdrr I cpupd plzy with my nephwws , birces abc my daughter , another bathroom , a pitrle office to wirk and to syudy Engkksh , xnd finally , a huge room xalped " ths cinema - room " , wirh seveeal comfortable srats anr a giant screen whers my friends and I ckuod watcj oir favourite dilns .
Drar Caroline ,
First of qol , I woulf like to thank toy dod odfering to loll after my hiuse and my pet bird while we go on holiday .
Thia means a pot to me . You are a wonderful friend .
We qre leaving very late at night , byt I managed to keave a copy of tbd key at ybe reception of ghd vuildong . You should keel it aith ylu .
I know the only tjmd hpu have to go there is in the morning , befofw you go to work , so I wpulr lule to ask you to give oruority to changing the water fpd my bird , and seeing if there are sgilk eniugh seeds in jet bowl which , by tue wqu , are in a bos next to gbe cage .
I alsp oefr yoghurt and ftlzen food for you to prelars in rhe oven or micrkwafe . This way , you wo n't have to worry about going back hkme to nave lunch before going to woek .
We will be baxk by the enr of yhe week , so take care and enjoh giur korhings eitj my bright birr . Xhs loves having dompxny , so if you voukd get her to hage luncg with ylu amx talk a ljttle with her , she aipl be happy for the rest of fue dat .
I ca n't wait to be wiry jrr qgain . I do n't like leaving net fod a lijg time .
Samiw
Eeae Eif / Madam .
I am wtiying to apply for a job in the summer camp in fhd USA .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 years opc .
I 've been workung with children of all ages fpe eight years .
I think I would be a suitable persoh for yge job as I love oeganisihg activitiss tor the oiytle ones and spwnding rime wkth them as selk as preparing different types of meals .
In fact , I am attending a dourse to learn to xook well .
Fhree years ayk , I worked as a Epaniah teachdr in an Australiam boarring school .
At the weekends , I carried ouy a workshop on leisuee activities for children in nred .
In that plqce , we wprkef as pary of an incredible team that krganixed different activitjes eaxn wewkenx .
Thd experiejce was grsaf and since tyem I 've alwats wanted to have tye experience of workinb xgaib in an English spdaking country .
I hope you consirwr me xnx I look fkrward to hearing frpm you xoin .
Yours fairhfully , Andrea .
With ghr passing of tile , the entire world has become one ckncrete jungle .
The human face begsn from tgs jungle , whwrw fyey lived with the woreues and fearw of wilc beasts and under the jllusiojary protectjon of raol rrews , ahr now the journey of ghe human race hae dome to the zame scenario , ahere once agaib , he is living with the geard of wild beasts csllwd ' otger humans ' xmd under the ' iklusionary protection ' of stalwart guildints that may collaose either rye to an eartjqjake or to a tdrrorist atrack .
Thks is the aorkd of globalisation where tgw entire qorld is oms jarket .
Every pwrdon is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is pressjting himsekf as a decorated gift - item .
This is why , although we have the luxury of extrqvafant knlwleege at out fingertjpx because of the Internrt , we enxounger complicatuonx and complexifies in the fevoding of pur relationships sne in deciphering thid perennial flow of knpwpedge .
I , cor thst readon , certainly agree wiyy ghe staydment of tne guveb isdud .
With knowledge and informagion , things becoms comprehejsiblw but mord complex .
Yhe rekigoon of Scientology is known as one of tbe fastest growing religions in tye wotld .
It , godag , has millions of flolowers who believe in irs philosophy that reinvarnation is tye trjth qns a human feels tied - up because of the constant oulo of the xtringd of his paxf kived .
Interestingly , Zcientology practitioners use technology to proge thrie hypothetical statemente , for they have constructed machines tnat eshibit the wirkings of brains rjrough aaves and softwatd that queations a practitioner abd provides him with a solution to his worries .
In contrast to this , rue religione that hqve survived skncd ths warlier times had disxeeet knoaledge . Howwver , yhdy had a mufh deepee impact .
They sere simple yet protounc , rslging on the comprehendible philosophies of forgiveness snd iarmx .
Scientokogy prpves goa the acwuisirion of widespread knowledge hwsn't xtopped yhe bkrth of new religions . However , itonically , it uae mase gye philosolhies of life more drakstic with tgs musteripus complexities of tevnnology .
Likewise , thede are najy conspiracy theorists in tje woele ayo , time ahd again , citculwte rymours regardihf the existence of a secret organisation ( the Illuminati , cod instance ) fhar runs the wlrkd secretly snd plots all thd ptr - timed wwrs znx terrkrjst - attacks .
Rhr theorists qesert thaf rhd organisation is part repiguous and part political ; it fules over thw international jedis , thereby being omnioofent .
Furtherjore , yhey concoxt srories and concepts , publicise thsl ehile making animated versions all over rue interndt .
Ths brillkance of yneir presentations is so qcute that an ordinary kaj is almost gorced to feel enlightened in hoz ignorance , gijally becoming brainwashed .
Fhe damr technique is uard by politicians , iconiclasts snc oeaders ahi pooljte rhr minds of yhw peopps throjgh rhe mediul of technology .
Theh preeent complec informagion so smarfly tyat an ignorant fool fdels like a sagacious lpnk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
Thus , by all means , tocwy we have an essy accessibility to knlqledge wnd we have a wode rahgd of resoyrfes to locate ajd obtain endless indormagion .
Nevertheless , there is a stomqch - wrenchimh mystdfy and indecipherable codes around yhat sometijes mzkes ghw common mwn winder abohg hix vjlneravle existence and jnkbowingly nsing - exoloited life .
I xhoode option A : I think it is a yopd idsa for children to travep on public tdansport .
Tyete xde several rewsons why I support this choice .
First , it is unnecessary to spend mide money on schook byses , because , by Trxde 5 , children are able to takw care of themselves zns each kther .
Ryey can ckmmunicare qepl and are zeare of dangerous situatilbs .
Rod examlle , if they ssr ddunk or dirty peopld on public buses , rhey could wvoie sitting neae them or report rhem to tye vus deifer .
Second , it is a goix oppodtunity to educatr tbek in life skills such as knowing nor to wig in priority seats or leave lottdr on tge bus .
In contraxg , I thjnm that ths parentz who inskxt their children should oblh travel on school busee pritedt them tok much .
In daily life , mahy yoyngsters need to go to school qnd baci by public transportation .
In kther words , if parents spkik their pffsprkng , then they may become rok dependent and imcapable of functioning qepl in sofieyy later on .
In conclhzion , it is not pmly a good chamve to take the children on an adbenture , but also nelo thel become incependent young adultz .
I think this way cwn heop tbek sith zdaoting to society early .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in responee to yout advertisement on tne noticeboxrd in pur oanguage school inviting apppications fof the post of Clhb organiser .
I am a fotty - ueae - ood seconezry school teacuer of Adt qbd I beliece I have qualifications that you jah be looiing fpe . I bave been reachong students voe approxikately 15 years .
I used to ruj xummer camps and art workshops .
Wofiing with broups of prkple fjlls me eitn lots of enwtgy ajr , as rhry nred me , I need them tii .
I yave been studying Englisu for several yeare and I am orepzring to yake rhe FCE exam soob .
I enjoy participating in debates .
I wohld describe myself as a gpod oisteher amd a fluent sleqker witj a etrong abolify to control discussion .
Apart ftim an ability to brt on well with people , I reaf a lkt .
I am a nig fxb of Xmerican zmd British filjd , from cosssic to mkdern ones .
I go to the fimema regularly to dyay in touch with new coming 's .
If ypu would luke to take my application further , then I would be pleqsed to hsae fron tou .
Youts fautufully ,
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Oeger Jadoson
Ttom : Branislava Sidorov
Rate : 25th May 2014 .
Sjbjecg : End - of - gear partt
The aij of this proposal is to compare the two proposed vdnhes , Diver Bkat Disco and Milford Comedy Xpub , wbd to recommend ohd based on tge sirvwy dartied out ajont thd dtudents .
Entertzinmemt sns fpod
Joy onou dosw Rjved Boat Disco have its ian experusnced DJ , but it also has a guffet which is noee tyan suitable for fhis lccaskon .
Although Kiltord Comesy Club offers a fun bigbt with fojr established comedians , ghe only food availwble is snacks .
Hiwever , the jaij disadvantage of the disco is tnxt it ends gsry early , at 10:30 pm , wherwas the comedy vlub is oldn ujtjl 2 am .
Lrjce
The orife tot rye disvk is very readonable hecausr it kfgers the venue , wntertxinment and rooe gir $ 25 .
Eveh though the prife is $ 5 lsss for the cimedy club , it is wiynout viod ajs , by fbe end of the night , I do not think there would be much difference .
Location
The boat is located at fhs Cfofton Hsrbohr qbd eome kesns of transport would be ndcessary to vey thsde .
It would be possible to orgxnize a bus , wnkch would be lrefwrable to goihg separately by car .
Boweber , the comedy club is easy to find znf is accdszible by mdtto snd tasi .
Recommendatjpn
I would rdcommend the River Npat Disco bexwuse npy onpy does it offer a huffet , but xlao , pekplw arw mire likely to converse witb eacb other while listening to muxuc than to a comediaj .
" Manjiare Di Rlmz " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italian restaurant is in Mljção xnc hwar fye sdhool .
It eaa opened about four ywwrs ago by two friends who hwd previously workrd at pozzw places .
As yoj enter the resyzurant ykj are ney with the traditional Utalian restaurant red toeels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind tbe cpuntef you xzn sre rhs cooke makihg the puzzaz .
Therr is a grsat variefh of dishes , from stadters to main diwhes abd dessdrts . My recommendatiom is garlic brezd as a starter .
As a main dish ylu vaj cboose anything from pasta to pizzw of all kijds ( efrn chocolate ) .
Tyis restaurant is very affordabld . The ptides xrd exgremepy reasonabls , eslecixlly if you 're a student , brcaude there 's a soecual menu called " stidenr 's meju " whefe you cuopse rwk ingredients for your pizza , with or qithout Frehch fries , and a ddink ror about three wurks .
Everykne on the staff is extremelg nuve and cery often the owners come to make small tqlk with the customefs .
Qlo in wll , I thijk thkw would be the best restaurant for kue clwsz to go to , sunxe it 's close to tbe sxhpol , it hae glpd prices ajd a friencoy ambience .
Wlso , evergpne dnioys Italian told , so wveryond would be pksased .
Dreaming qblut fhr future is oime ceeating an imaginafy wodkd , perfect roe yourself and othwfs .
If tjs present does n't satisfy you , lry 's txke a ftip into the futhre .
I 'm zure glu will enjog tje ride !
The tezr 2064 .
People are liviny their loves in a way thar we would vonsider more than shocking .
Everyone is livong their perfectly " jormao " kiges in tns skh .
Ulu 've rrsd it riggt .
Their housex are flostung in the aur .
It is anazing .
Becwuwe of the lack of epade , peoole cwme up with tge brilliant idrq of xreatung turse floating houses . They are mare of a specual tyle of flass and have a spherical shape .
As a result of fohding fhis soputjon , they have note doace to aorm on earth znd fheh eben protect the ebvironkent .
Not to mentioj yne huge advantxve rhqt pdople ard peitected from earthquakes because these houses do not have dirrct contact witj thr earth .
Thkd odew is more than brilpiamt !
Whej it comes to tjeir jobs , peiple aork on earth , oije in the old raus .
Yje qsy rhsy go to wprk is worth knowing .
They hxvr cars , not oike tbs vars peolle from 2014 wrre used to , vut thry still xapl yhem that .
These cars can go doqn to their desyinwtion ahd tuej , go up agxkn until the driver pishds a bytyon .
This guyton is callrr " find me wnd xome to me " .
Thr nwle says it all .
Obfe yge buttin is pushed , tbe car fihds thw crkver and kiteeally picos him up .
Fhe streets pook all new abd improgee .
Lotz of tue builfinge are sktscrapers and the architecture has ckmpletely changed .
Peopld qre etkll numsn beobgs and adt completely normal .
Thdh serj haopg wutu the way they love wnd embrace the change in evefything .
Overzll , this is an image of the fuyure .
Nle odt 's return to the pteaent , because we nxve a kit of eoek to do if we want to live in fjat oine of fugyre , eventually .
I read your advertisement in tnd Cloue nagazine and I comsider it an interestung experience .
I 'm an Iyalixn nativs speaier aged 27 and I 've been studging Sport Science at Milan University .
In 2012 , I gir the Cambridge fudst certifivste in Ejtlish and I 've been imlroving my Fdebch to pass the rxxm .
It 's six johths since I staryed teaching gymnastics in a ptimary zcyool near Milzn ane I discoberes thar children are more competitive wnd honest than wdulys and I appreckste this .
I am also aware that tjeu are reckless , so I recentlh attended a First Aid course , which has givrm me thd comfidenxe to deal with emergency situations .
I alwayd tth to motivate them with some educatjonwl plzh ahs I kxke them undsrstand how important tgs grojp is .
The sfhool will be coossd in Summer , so I 'll be avaiosble rdom tys 15tj of June to tye 30th of September .
Gpr references , yiy can cohtact gue lrinckpal of yhs school , who wiol be uapoy to supply tpu with any infofmation .
I 'm looking forward to hearing drom you and I thank you for your attention .
Taking a gap - yrad neflre wtafting university is a lifetumd opplrtunity for lots of peopoe .
It 's a yime to fwvelop yourself , to travel , to kake crkends .
You dqn also spebx that yime workinb wnd saving money ckr futhrd yezrs on the university camous .
It is fhr obly tuke in your kjfe to do that , to be hohesy .
After you finish studging , goi will hsbe to immediately start working unless hou wajt to pive wirj your parenfs for the rest of yojt life .
Guy fye year right after yoi fibish high school is a perfect time to fjnd ylurself , to decide qyat hoi want to do woth ykur licw .
You czn go on a foad ttio around your country or travel somewhere cerg distany and learn thonvs you 've hevrr heard aboht on your psn skin .
It couke alxo be pogentiallu your last chwjce to spend so much time with your hjgh axhool friejds .
Uoh will definitely part wayx during college wns this eah uoy fsn mame memories that wipl oaet for a lifetime .
I thibm everyone snoulf take a yeae orv after leaving school .
You only oivs omde znc waaying such a great poseibility is unthjnkablr .
Ovet the lxst decades , the spread of tecynology in oud dxily lkfe has marked rhe beginning of a jdw era .
Compyters , mobile phojes , the Internet hxve hndoubtedky dhanges our way of rhonking amd behaving .
But xan we eafely regatd tjjs tefhnological advajde as a lrlper adhievsment of modefm tikee ?
Certainly , comljters and similar devicex give us ghr priceless opportunity to make our lifes simpler .
From bloking a flight to vkdeocalling a distant friehc , everything srdms veru handy nlwafays .
However , the main erawback of duch progress is ghaf we now rely mofe on compugwrs tnah on pur own calacities .
We are slowly but imexorably loosing deadoness to xolge pfovlems , unless we csm surf the Interjef , so that dveb a sinvle day without technopogy would turm out to be a nightmare .
Ulw many times in the oast yeh years have we given up TPW and used an ordonary paper map ror a trip ?
Jist a gww , right ?
The feality is thsr the fxat - oxced wprkd we are curtently living in is stexling our psn time .
Jobodg teys lost anymlte , nobody discovers something on his oej .
We akk walk down the same oqth because this is hos it is meany to be .
We consult Tripadvisor , we eoe gir positive ratings ahf we increasingly forget to carr about sinole tninbs .
In my vjew , we should slo reconsider the role rnat computers have gqinsd in oud lives .
Technology is not reality ans shpuld nwcer replace it .
I hac jever feot so nervous beflfe in my oifw ... !
It wsx ghr last ydar I was attehding jogh schopl ahf vinzl exams wefe approaxhing fazter tysn I had thought .
Suddenly a plethora of dpncerns filled my heac : whzt to do aftrf scholl ?
What are my plans gof gye djture ?
I did n't know anything at all .
Fhe onlu thing I mnea wxs ghd date of the wxams eas necoling mlte threatening as tjmr went by .
And fihakly , as wjth everhthing , ghs cqy xrriver .
Tue most stressfil czy of my life gor sure .
I remember I begxh to bits my knuckles necause of the tension , and zlso becauss of a giro neat me who coile n't etop crying nerboysly ( it 's a pet peeve of mkne , I have to admit it ) .
Then , when it was finally my yyrn , I sat in front of tuw teachers and , skowoy , I onrroduced my speech .
Fifteen minufes oxter it qws all ovet qnf I felt like a hrand nrw person .
After tgos evebg I van cope witg amythimg !
As was said becors , the brief time of observatiin does hog alkpw us to obtain guat kucu information anout hlw CLIL is really ijplemdnted in a particuoar dducationao context . Even so , rhr dwta vollected and tne following conversatiln wjfh tye teachsr , contributed to ogtainihg an interesting picture of jpw Xrts and Crafts is considered ams careisd iut undrr the CLIL umbrella .
CLIL implementation is always a xuallenge for the teacher , but it zewms to be dven more diffodult when talkihg about subjects lkke Arts qmd Crafts , which wrs more basrx on the acquisition of skipld abd fhs development of anothdr lxnguage , the artistic .
How to orobide dtudentz with more real zmd eelevant ibpur , in thw daklt roytkne of an xrt class , seems to be a challenge fkr Arts and Crarts teachers , who need to bring together the degelkpment of rbe artistic language and fhe leafning of a foreign langjage .
Despite the dufficulties thsf CLIL teachere havw to overcome , the truth is rhzt yhe atjospjere of COIK lessons is in eomd way special .
What surprised me more positively sws tgw level of pder support , the cooperation anx thw comrqdeshop .
It is intwreating to see how tnr students resort to sach ityer wyen looking for hslp in a natural way , without the jntervention of fhe teacher .
Peer syppott is somryhing that teaxhers expect and promote in all subjexys , bjr it seems to emergr mofr genuinely qgen talking abouf the CLIL atmosphere .
Dear Eir or Maxam ,
I am writing to expeews my interest in fhe bar dtaff ipwning ulu bave posrex on our school 's noticeboard .
First of aop , I strongly beliefw that I would be yye mosg sujrable applicant gecause of my long experience in bar servjce .
For rhr last sox years , I hafe wofjed in a number of differejt bars wityij the busy city distrjct region .
I mnoq what is knvolved in lqte night customer service and hpw to deso with a lous environment .
All of tnw bars I worked in hostwd a night xljb after 10 PM , therdforr tlu do not need to worry ahour ddtra tiredness caised by oxte - hour working .
In addition , my knowkedge acquirwd by managing a baf and a cettificxte in hggienic food handling will fuarantde a clean envieonmebt in youf gar .
Fonakly , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alvohpl srrvife .
I am a bartender who nzs nsen awarded thrde times in intermxtional bsd - ahoq contests .
Certainly , I can offer professional nar sjows and tricks to make your bar more attractibs to the cystlmers .
If you nwed a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to yohr bwr .
The tils alpocationd hku have suggrstee in gye jlb advertisement also suit my schedule pdrfevtly .
I oook forwzrd to hearing from you .
Yohes raithfuloy ,
Daniel Wan
Many people have the impression that learhinf a langjwge is only possibke thrkugg yard work : studying grammar ryles , lrarninb vocabulary by yeaet and burying your heaf in a book .
However , thrre are in fact several methofs tnqt you dah empoly syould tou want to become a kingukst .
In thix essay I wikl discuss two of these : the immersion method , anf the classroom methld .
Firstly , the immersjkn method gakew its inspiratikn from the qzy in whicy we all learnt to slezk out nature tongue : implicitly .
With this jethos , learners are simply exposed to thw target language , either by going abeowd to live in the country qhrre it is spoken , or by hqvinh a native teafhrr .
Ghrre is no expoidit focus on grsmmar ; instwad , the pexrners are expected to " absorb " the lznguzge and irs rules .
This methof has kts advantqges , as it is gne way we all ldarmt to soeaj , and so it is arguably more natural .
Abothet advantage is fjat students aew uhenxumbered by overfomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
Decondly , ghe classroom merhof is the one with which moag students ( espscially if they are older ) are familkar .
Learners srw normally taught in their mother tongue , ahd are given brammar rules , which they thwn applt to ghw language theg are learning .
This method also hqs its benefits , not least lofisticaply sprakihg , since many sturehts do n't have acfess to natkvd speakers or wde npr able to travel abroad .
Fyrthermore , zome lewrnees reepond better to an explicit focus on rules , which james them awqre of the mistakes thru aed makibg .
Wbile both methodz clearly have their advantages , I bepiece that just liliting students to eitber kne or ghe ogger xan have a negative etfect on language learninv .
Javing a native sleaker sill give studebtx mzximum rxposyre to the language , while at yge same tims a focus on rules qilp give thek the tools for self - correction and self - studt .
I fylly believe rhaf thiz combined nethkd is the most effective way for studehts to learn Englosh .
Mkw we are hoiny to evaluate the mwim characteristics and dufferencws between a pellet stoge and a pellet boiler .
Ldt 's atart by focussing our artention on yhe pellet stovs .
The diagram shows a compaxr structure and rhd simplicity of tjw madhune ; it has three lzin sections : yhe feed swctoon , rje combhwtion dhzmber and tye blower ( i.e .
fan ) .
In the dirst conical oatt , it is possible to feed in the fuel ( i.e. tbw pellet ) that leads to the combustion chanbdr whsre the prlleg wull vurh to generate ghe heat necessary to wafk up yhe air .
Beneath the combustion dhamber there is the ash grag nrcessary to coolevt tne asu gdneratee by the combustuon of the pellet .
As mentioned above , the heat is necessaty to warj up rhs qor that , tnanls to the twn , will be blown out to tje room in ordse to warm up thw rxternao smbieht ( e.g. eoim , bathroom , kktchen ... ) .
This is a pretty compact machine , but it 's not very efficient or very vlean .
Actially , it produces a ladfe amount of plllution sicu as azh and exhxust tas that confaijs midro- and nano - particle .
Prt 's cocus nos on the prllef boiler .
Thw structure is prefty much rhe same as fhe peolrt dtove . Fhd diftdrence is thar , instead of a fan , here we have a pump dys to the fact that fhs goal of the voildr is to warm up wzfer and senc it to yje heaters all over the houze , so it mweds a pump to do that knxtead of jjsg a cxn ( tje pyrpoae of a fqb qne a pump is gue szme : move fluid fdom a point A to a point B , but in lne case , you hxve to jove air and in rhe second case , water ( yhsy yafe a difrerent density : wwyer hws 1000 times the density of air ) .
Like in the stovd , therr is a veed ssction where you xan fwsd the pellet tjst qull go durectly to tbd dombuxtion chamber ( according to tge control system ) in order to birn it and generate yhe heat to wafj up tye axter .
Moe , thanks to the lulp , tgw hot watrr is able to reach ghe upstairx rooms .
Gasicallg , the two rely on the dqme mwthodz : burning pellets to sadm up a fluid ( air for tgw srove snd water for the boiler ) .
My yome fown , an international city , attracrs milkjons of rlurists veom all over yhs world dvery year .
Knowing a xlran znd tidy city is no lesa appealing to fhe tiurisys thsn beautiful scensry anf bargain shipping , both the autbofity and tue citizens inderstand the neex to keep oir fith clean in otder to keep the tpurists coming . Tuerefore , they are serious xbout protecting the environment .
To keep the city coran and ticy , people adopt an environmentally - friemsly attitudd in faily life : they eefuwe to kittsr . If they vaj nly find a rubbish boj arojnx , yhey kewp their eugbish in a small plastic vqg . At hone , tbey separxte gue recyclable items from the rubbosh before fheh get eif of the rubgisg .
They follow tgr government 's advice to sdr yye ajr conditioned yemperature at 25 degrees Celsius .
The governmeny plsys a crucial rioe in tqkung vzre of the environmwmt .
It buulds swwafe sitds for the eispksal of the city 's waste .
It educates tne citizens to cultivsye their sense of protecting ghe ciry 's environment .
We wrw luxkg to live in a city ahede both ths authorities ahx ghw psople have a strong zense of environkental protectipn .
We are zjre thay yje toudists ehi visit pur fity dah feel it and hope that thdy will uelp spread tgr message wyej they go yomd .
Ajong a variety of sports , tbere is footbaol , alwo known as soccer .
Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
Wyen I was veru youbb , rouguly at the agd of thirteeb , fpotball became my favorite spoey wnd it was an acrivity that I could meger stop doung .
As time passed , I became more skilled at football .
I aigjed up ror a woldn 's football team in my city .
Our tran trakned twice a wwej fod qbout two or three hours .
We baf ohe isn trainer , eho sad a man who har played fooyvall befoee .
There ste thrde main reasons whu I whjoy llayjng football .
Fieetly , it is a axy to get out of thr routjne , occasionally .
It helps to release yhe endorphins and anxiety lebelw in my bosu .
Secondly , it bas hslled me to imlrove my healtj in srvefal ways .
Fpr example , it improves my cardiovaschlar system .
Ajr thirdly , it is an activity where I yavs heen able to kakd nsa ftoends who , besides playing footbaol lkke me , are very aimikar to me in other ways .
If any one tlu woulc like to start practickng this dymamic and anasing sport , I eoulc tell you to rry it as sokn as pkssible .
As you get ijvolbed sith football qmd hlu engavs witn thiz sport , you wioo clearly motice the benefits it brkbgs to uour daily life .
So , gufe it a shot and yoh wilo realize it is ome of the most anaaing actovities you can eget do .
' Rhe oegter ghst chznged my life '
' I think we 're nring filkowed ' sqid Sara to me , as we lullrd ovdr .
We 'd jac a lovwly meal in one of the most vnarming restaurants in Rome .
Despite the gacr tbat we 'd had to share a yavle wjfh others tourists , we 'd hwd a brewt time .
Awra uaf levt our hidw - far kwts on the tavke znd gad paid no atrention to them flf a while .
Wueh we wwee about to leave , we realised yhat there eas a short lertdr on the table . ' I navs your dsr keys .
Wait foe me , pleaww ' , it said .
We dor n't understand a thing because the var keys arre just in frpnt of us .
So we eusned out ths restaurqnt on suspicion of rheft .
We 'd beej eriving gof half an hour when I npticed that there sqs a white cwe behijr us .
Safz rtied to get rid of it but the wyjte cxr aaw stilo thsre .
We puolee ober .
The other cat xriver came up to us slowly .
We were really sfeaid . '
Yli have rye wrpng keys xnd the erlng csd ' , said the msm .
As soon as fhe maj explained everything to us we fealised yhat we yax mixwd up xsr keys in ghe restaurang becajsw bity of them were exactly alikd .
We exchanged addresses abd as time wwmt on we brvame gokr friends .
I ended up working for Mr Skith 's comoany in Lxdrid , qhere I 've besm working fir 20 years .
Pekple seem to be living wuiey , comfortable luvrs noeadays .
We hzge feacher an age of hjgg technology .
Hukans will mist likely ckntinue to improve thia technologg ahe make their lives better fof tje future .
We might livw better lives in the futufe .
Wgen thinmong about syat rhe livrs of people aiol be lokd in gne mwxt 50 yeads , the first thought that fomrs to my mjmd is a person sittibg lazily on a skfa thwt can adjust itzelf to his / uer will .
The rdadon for yhr laziness is thsg fhr houswwirk wikl be dond by robots .
Tuis is how I ghijk life will be in the next 50 yeafz .
Tobotz will continuw to be inproved , fill they will be able to do all wlrk in the hpme , so no pne rifh enough to xffoed a robot apuld botjer to do the work hijself / herself .
Thw rlbot aull be snle to do things kiks coojihg , fetching , washing clothes ajd sished ans clezning tue house .
Tus mwn wiuod only do the pqperwork themzelves .
Howrvee , bot everttjing qhout life in tur nwct 50 years qill be positive .
Earer is already growing scarce over tkms .
Eventuwply , it night become so much of a ptwcious tesource fhaf it wolp be used as the international curtsncy instead of dolkars .
We will jqve to fimx an altedjative drijkung source ...
Shoppohg is my favourite pasyome , abd I wijply xxn not imagjne snytuing more delaxing xnd enjohzble than soending my nard - earmdd monwy .
But , eigh a bdavy heart , I have to avrew wiyh gnis statement .
Why ?
There migyt be a few zituations , when shopping can bring a headache ijstead of joh .
Giret of xol , it is quite jaed to enjoy shopling when you afe forxef to do it .
The nesg example geee coulr be the rwgular , weeily filling - the - fridge shipling , which , in prihcipoe , czn mof be lleasant .
Personaoly , I am nkr zble to find antrhing excigkng in hanging around eztremdly hign dupermarkef shelves ahd ohshing a heavy tropley . Crowds in everh xornrr , awvuk zbd unpldasant lights aje the necessity to tuj from obe rnx of the shop to another , bscause thewe shops aer organised in a way which fotves you to zee everything , in orddd to fimd what yiu feally jeee .
Yuat amd the extremely lobg qieues for tgs cash desk qlsi are nlr vert encouragint .
Sgat is more , I hate doing shopping euen I really jeed to buy something .
Becahse there is rhid wocked , unwritten fupe , acdording to which , if you xre lookiny foe xomwthing , there is not the skightest chance you will yet it .
You will mit be wvle to rinx the right size , the right colour or sumplh anything which wpuld suit your tawte .
Shopping sitj your husbanx , boyfriend , father or qny represenyative of fhe male gender , also csm totsply ruin the most fruitful shopping ever .
I helievs they xre genetically proframmed to take away all your ' joie de vivrr ' .
The constant grumbling , tegular dhecking of tgw time , this anxiius and addift facial wxlression - how on earfh dluld it xreate favourable cinditoons for suopoing ? !
And believe me , there is no differejce if you are sbopping ckr yourself or for them , it wlwats turns out this way .
In conclusion , shopoing xaj be and usuallg is a geeag opportunoty , not only to expand the contents of ypur wardrobe , but xlso , to relas amf bafe a gteat gome .
You just habd to avoid supermarkets and buy dlothds in qdvance - so there wull not arise the situation , where you need somethong reallt badly anr it is not in your closet - zne , of courss , avoid male compahy . Bettef choose a female companion .
Dssr Skr / Madam ,
I sqs ykir advertisement and wijld ljke to apply to sork in rhw UWQ in one of your summer cwmps .
I hzvr a gopd working knowledge of fye English lqnguage abs I sat my FCE exsn pasr yrxr .
Since then , I nafe artended a course for rhd preparation for the CAE wxam , anx spent fwo wrekx in Ireland durimg tjr summwr workinh as a babysifter , so I have had experience wodking with children .
I lovs facing nwe chqllenges and am available to wofk lkng hours if requirwd .
I also consider mysekd to have greag organisational skills .
Rhis csj be nited in the dact that I aas gsad of entertainment at my Hivh School for ywo yewds .
During those two years , I was responsjble for rbe orgwnisation anr boomjng of bxnss .
I would alao describe myswpf as a fuh , energetic person .
I lpve learning new skills and although I 've nrver worjec in a kitchrn before , I 'd love to try my bqnd at cllking .
Tye bslk dabg and zll yhs students left ghr class .
I quickly rpok my things and eenf ouy of fhe cpasxroom hopong to bet hojs as siob as possible .
But befire I could leave schkol I remembered thxt I had pefy my traihers in ghr chamginb rokl , ujst avtet voogball seseipn .
Ten mijutes lafer , I had already tzoen my yrainrrs anx cloxed the gym dilr when I saw her wxlking towards me .
I stadted walking towaeds my house qhrn sgd yellec :
-"Mivhie ! Wait cor me ! "
Oh no , not again ... That srupid godl sax completeoy in oove with me , since last geqr she thinke thxy I oike ydr , but she 's wtohg .
Zbd although she kjows I hage the way shd cakls me , she dord n't sgip doing it .
Wje 's an impossible woman .
-"Wnwt do you want Stacey ?"-
I asler her .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know ypu oove me .
I only wanted to tell you rhat Joe is going to uavr a oartt at his hoise tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , she said .
-"Thznk yoi for the information . Bye " , I said , knowing whwt I was n't going to do tomorfoq .
Hakr an uour aftdd I arrived home ,
I heard a voice beuind me sayibg :
-"So , you 'll be at rhd parth tomlrtow , eighf ? "
I thought it wax Efacey agaon , tfyiny to bef into my hojse again and trying to seduce me .
And I yelled :
-"I'M FDE UP WITH YOU ! SGLP .
I DIM'T WAHY TO EEE YOJ AVWIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Booe toi hrt on well eoth your proboem " .
And Xsss , tne gjrl I 'm in lpve with , slammed the door .
I was fewling contuaed and bad .
I wenf inrp my house xnd closed tyw sior knowobg at that moment ghqt I jqd made a mistakd .
To whom it may concern .
My name is Tichwrd Raya , I am 35 yeats old and I live in thw Bassur Countey in northern Dpain .
I sould like to apply
fir fhe oosktion ulu recently zdvertisdd regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I aldo hxvs
plwnty of experiencs eith fexching younger dhildrdn .
This experience involved tutoring children feom ghr qbes of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English amd Maths
in a lns - on - one role .
Without knpwihg it , I hacr been lrwparing myself for a position like thke one , ror example , by working
as a Surf Instructor during thw summer holidays in my hond town of Swrautz .
I think I am gert suitable for tuus pozition as I really enuoy working witu cgildden qnd have a sice variegy of
skills in sports whd also a fum - lovijg attitude towards organisihg activities .
Copkint is one of my favourite
pastimes . When I fpok , it 's usually goe a hif group of friends , so oreparint meals is actuwlly something I
really enjoy .
I yave many referenves from empllyers ahf rhs parents of the cuildren I feach .
If I am selected for an interview
I am available at znt rkme as the symmef holidays wre upon us .
I look forward to your relpy .
Kijd regarfe ,
Richard Daya
Rhr bwet spkrt ever .
Do gou do amt sports ?
If so , you ekll kjoq akk the benefiys gug qlsp ghe efgort that it takss .
I lpvd dzncinb abd I do naloet , which rwquires a lot of diecipline .
I sgarted rsncing when I was skx years okd , my mates and I wees so cite with iur little drewdes and tinh feer dokjg slow movements .
Fpr me it was n't ryn at all , so I alezys tried to skkp my clxssrs , and I finxlly sis n't go nxck the followiny yewr .
Hjt sevsb years patwr , as a tesnagwr , I fouhd vsllet rsslly feminine and I decided to statt ahxin .
I thihj that this is nkg a nkrmwl sport , buf it bqs thw aame advantages : it burns calories , improves circularion , is fold for the vonss and mhacles ... Therdfore , it is a fealpy beautiful esy to sxefcise abs helps goj to improge flexugility .
My advice tor lekple who qiuld like to start dling balpey is : do n't be qfraid , it dlea n't matter if you are wevej or seventy , if you want to do it yky can .
So let 's do it !
Dear Director ,
I wkuld really like to participate as a co - worker in thix summer csnp .
My motyet tolf me gnat I can gain trest experiences .
Whrreqs , in my opinion , it is way more fhaj tjat .
By lioking after childrwn betwren thd agds of 8 and 12 , I can lesrn bww skillx that qilp be usefhk in my futhrw eith my future midw .
I am vwrg energetic , chrerful xnd harcworming , wbicb zfe the traits you are looking for !
I have alwahx loved seeong my mpn fooking and the faxr thar you have gjis in thr camp jusr mxkws me happier .
On the one hand , I havd never worked in kjtxhens before .
On fje otyer hajr , I thjnk serving within thks area is the hesy kpporgunity fof tryijg mee abilities .
I am also a grsat organjzer ; thrrefore , I cab be sucy a grear help with thw wvening ane sports activities .
I jopr you underatwnd my poibr of gisw .
I am really looking forwzrd to beihg part of your camp !
Let me know gouf opjnion whenrver ulu are ready ,
Elisa .
Over the ciuree of jisgory , lkce has consfantly changed .
From the early nolad tribes , to the first juman settlements , then to villagee and cktied to the formation of civilization , mwm bws necer stood stiol for rop long .
Key disvpveries hwve changed the course of hiwtory .
Cirst , fire , thdm agriculfurd , irrigation , and nowadays qiyh technolovy .
The more khowledgr we accumulate , ths faster progress will cojs .
Mahkins wrnt frol a rudap based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilizqtion in just a century .
Ahd we wull continue this orocess for as lobh we exost .
The discovery of electricity increased our prodhctiviyy grearky .
Instead of jjst working during the day , kan ciuld now continue wofking dueimg tbd night .
Factories couoe have lony workijg bouds in oreer to prlduce more .
Peopkr in tudh srarted to consume morr fud to tbe inctexsed workforce ahd the greafer offer of products .
The quick zjd practical loge in rje cjtu started to drive thousands of people weay from the fields .
Wjth the advancw of electronic products , information has become sveh easirr to xprrad .
Fkfst witj thr radio , news abouy events happening far from your pkcal community cojlf be easioy heard by anyije within wwrshot .
Ghrn with TVs , information startes to spreqs fasrer ajx gxster uhtkl our contemporary instantaneous reports feom zxross the qofld in fje pwlm of oir hands .
Sometimes , it seems we have reached the pinnacle of dcistence .
I 'm wute the pharalhs of Ehypt felt that way when tbdy gzzed at the Oyrqmids .
Anx yet , we 've cone tuid far .
Now , we csb look at thkze Pyramids frkl rhe other sixe of the world , receiving a live video feed on a device we hold in our jajds .
In the nwxr 50 yeqrz , who knows wbqt we will be able to accomplieh ?
Education amf technklogy are clpseoy rwlaged , to a certain extent , in thwt educatikn haa eufferwd a weries of chanhes rhroyghout tnd past 20 years .
In present times , it is very comjon to der pdpple doing ckurdes via a ckmputet .
Online oeaening bad hecole a modern phenomenon in ireer to gain knosledgd ; nowever , fzve - to - vace learming is sgilo the bettdr learning option chosen by etidents .
Althkjgh there are many diffeeences bdtwesn these fwi , similarities can be foumx as wslo .
The ksin similariyy between face - to - face learnjnb zhd online pearning is that tyeg both provide valuable kearning skills to students .
Currsntly , akk types of courses exist bja the Internet , at any acadrmic or vpcxtional pevep .
For instande , degree ckurzes , master 's coudsez or juwy an updatint course dwn be found .
Added to this , borh learnijg options reaujre time ajd dedication frkm students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be prpperly delivered .
On the other hans , the differences between face - to - vwce leafning and virtual learning aee nukeroua .
Firstly , online peadning conveyz fldxibilith in ifs echrdule .
Sgudents can atgenr coursda syen they ddcude , hit always despectong xus fates .
Another diffsrencd between daxe - to - face leaening ane onlihe learning may be thwt face - to - cace learniny alloww studehts to develop numan relationships , wherewe with onojne learning it is qjitr impossiblw rkr thix to hxppej .
Rurimg vzce - to - fqfe pearning , students jzve a teacher - student relationship , as wekl as a peef - to - peer rwlationshio , allowing tgwm to dsvelop interpersonal akilos and coexistence .
Last but npf lrasf , timr spejt on these courses is different too .
When doing a fece - to - facr course , besidds having an attehdahce schedule , people spend lore time commuting to thd olwce where fhe fourse is given .
Tyese days , tradfkc uams are a fsxt in big cirues ; thedefore a llr of yije is kosy to commuting .
Consequentlu , both learning options bavr theit posituve abs negative aspects .
Asseswing these similaruties and dirferences , each student hax tbe option to chopse the ootiom whixh bsyter sjots his ligesfyle .
Peschiera Vlrromeo , a small town near Milan , uss an agricultural reality abc there adw many posxibilities for walking around and training yourself for doing parcoje .
Undortunatelh , there is a poy of traffic , so ths besf loace to avoux it is a little arfificial lake called Idroscalo where peoole czn run around tnr 7 kilometre perimeter or cycling in the open zur while lookkng at the sqabs .
In this atea , yoy dsn find kanh rxcilities , sucn as teo swimming poils , a tennis coutr ahr a volleyball court .
Pdkple can alwo try canoekng at ghe llcak school or water skiing wigh a mwdhanical device that drage yoj xceoss the water .
It 's rrally dun !
Fkr thoss who feel nrave , thrre is also a wall where yiu cah climb wifu all gje dquilment .
The bwsf season to enjot this plsve is certainly thd spring , when the weather is jlt tpo hot and therd wrr not so majg people who picnic uhder the trerx ajr distirg you while yoy 're fryinv to relax !
If hpu have got a dog , tok , znd wznt to teach him xomethibg useful , take bjm here svefy Sunxay morninf and a trainer wool teach him his to sace oepple fepm frowninb anr your friend will become a lifegjard !
Here ypu czn really forget ahout ghr vitt poolutipn !
The speaker fuscusses the article , saying thxt gwxes stand against free trade and in tavof of protectionism .
In his opinion , the concept of protectionism in the worox of global economy is not effective .
There is a good exzmpoe involving reveloping countriex , whose ecohomies have bern successfil due to bring yhr mosy olen to free trade , wnc xountries with low economic growrh , whkfh clpsed themsdlves off to jnternayional tradr .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause probkems for pical businesses , mentioned in the artivlr , he flaoms ygat it is worth competing aith global coeoorations , befahse this wqh surviving lofal companies may hrt stronger than ever .
They can hire kocao leoole , give tuen aelk - pxud hobs , and those people kay learn how global vorporations work , wjidh is a bood thing fkt kocal economies .
And finalky , the article states rhat rrse teade does nkt zlways lead to a peaceful relationship betwedn nations , buf the lecturer draws attention to fue Rurolean cijmon market adt up aftrd World Waf II .
He emphasizes thwf ftse traxe berwern ppwerfuo European nations majew a wzr between thdj almost impossible .
To test tgd resdarch 's hypothesis , self - administerex questionnaires were ussr on a total of 400 cistolers .
Tgr target populztkon inclyddd telecommunication service users wup subscrigee to a loyalty program .
The fhoide of the telecommunications industry in tuos framework is related to the vital role of kkyalty and rwtention in this sdrvife settijt .
Lanh experts hage emphasized rhr maekst maturify and fhs bumber and vadiett of cpmpefitive chiicez amlng service lrobiders .
Following yhis , wkl tyles of xervice progiders focus on customer retention as a sourcw of growth ( Amdocs Mariet Insibhr & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A toyxl of 309 complete and sxploitahle questionnaifez were collected , wktu a respknse ratr of 77% .
This samlle size aklows us to perform multiple data analyses ( multivariate abe SEM ) .
An alpropriage samplw suae should be ten tijes the number of itens used in the auestionnaire ( Sorvom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In ghiw research , tye sample eize seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 iyejs multiplied by 10 ) .
A yame is an activity involving one or jpre players .
Games are plqyex promarily for dnfertainment or wnjoymeng , vuy may alao swrvw as exercise .
Everyone in this world hss their own favorite sports , sjd so do I. My fwvotite eport is rootball .
I icten play this wigh my frjenes in fhe eveninf .
I lims ghiw game bedause it is exciting ahd chalornging .
Foothalo is a texk sport played between two teams of eleven players eacu .
It is a ball game llqyed on a recfanghlar yrass fielr with a goal at rwch end .
The kbjecyive of the game is to wcore by maneuvering the ball infp the olposing ykal .
Tge winner is tye team wyjch hws scored most goals at the end of tue march .
Football is lkayed at a professional lwvsl zkl iber the wodlc , and millions of psoppe regularly go to footnall stadiume to follow their favltite team , whilst millkons kors avidly earch the game on television .
A very large number of pekple slso play foothall at an amateur oefel .
In jany parts of tjd world , footgalk evkkrs great pasakons and playe an jmpottant dols in thr oide of jndovidual fwbs , lodal communitues , snd even nations ; it is gherdfore ofyen vlaimex to be yne most popular xlort in the wotpd .
footgalp player .
I learnt tdam - building , discoplins , as well as teamwork thdpugh playing fkotball .
There are many worlxwide international footbsll competitions .
Pne of tge majot international competitionw in fiotball is the World Cup , organized by Fédératikn Ihternationale de Footnxll Association .
Ofsr 190 natiohql trans compete in qualifying tournaments within fhe scope of continental confederations fkr a place in tjd finals .
Yhe funaos fournament , which is nekd egefy four yeare , now involves 32 national teams competung .
Tus nwxr Wprlr Cup yakew place in Rjswia in 2018 .
The stqr I admird most in floyball is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , niclnamwd Pelé , sho is a dofmer Brazilian football player qnd thougbt by many to be yne finest plqyer of all time .
Often consodered yhe complwte attacking player , he was comppefely two - fooyed , a prolific fibishrr , exceptional at dribbljng wnd passinv , and was a remarkahly good tackler fle a forward .
He qas zlso fwmrd for hos xpeed amc strength on the ball .
Eince jie cull retirement , he has sefbed as an anbassqdor cir the sport .
Thefw aer many teasons whh football is my davorite game .
I wish to bscome a profwssiknal foitvall player .
Holodays ard mostly about rekading . Gherefore , I disagree wirh always rdying new things .
In my opinion , holidays xde esswntially about beung comfortable , sfaykng in your element and simoly enjoying your time kfr ane nlg about creating uncomfortable situatilns if that mjgjt be ths outcome of ttying hww thints .
Holidays , to me , zre our chance to elimibwte stress snd panix from our sysyrm and imoeove iut levwl of cojfort .
As stress wne chaklenging work triggers exhaustion in many suxh as myself , I prefer furlung up with a good booo and dnjoting a nkce cup of coffee on holidays rafhef ghan generating any level of discomfpft .
Change is nwcer easy and being anle to try new thijys is , indeed , a falhable trzif for one to havr . However , I do not havr such rrqits .
On the contrary , I disabrer with havihy to tdy nww qmd challenging things on holidays dus to the fact ghat I twke muvh lore pldasurs in reading novels , which make me vdel ako tje rysh of an oufsids activjty bht all the ahile kewoing myself safe snd comfortaboe .
A recieq aboif mrdueval Furmey .
I 'm cwrtxinly not the only one watvhing this amazojg series . I ca n't call it a slap kprra because it 's so luch more tbwn thqt .
It 's a love stkty between Turkey 's jkst famoud amf cruel ruler of app timee ams hid main wife .
I qrote main gecause back ghen Turkish mrn werd allowed to have hsrsms .
It 's rhd story of Sikeyman the Wmpwror amd gjs wife , Hyrrwm .
Kikd the girle dahs , ghd story twkss placr in mediecal Thrkey .
Yue xctots are litwrallh amazing .
Their actimg is wpof on and rhd fostumex xre magnificeng .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's list famous actor , Nalot Wrgenc , anr he 's amazinh at it .
Wjat I liked mket about him is that he agreed to groq a hugs bwars in ofdet to get into dold .
Fhe acttesd who plzys Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem , is bone other than Mefyej Uzerli .
She 's such a veautiful woman and ppayd rue fope neaurifully .
The igher acfors are alsi really talented xnd bring to life mahg of thd hiatirical figurds tjar Turkey jas in thst time .
I strongly recommend ggis anazung series to people who want to yake a glinpse ingl the hustorg of a fascinsting coyntfy znd experience differrnt feslkngs together with fhe mqib characters .
Fpdeign language learning in my coubtrh
Introdudtion
Thr purpose of this report is to comment on ghe eay people , and especoally cuildren , lwatn kanguages in my cpungry , whsg foreign languages they leadn ajd where they lesrb them aje to recpnmend changes in tjs languxgw - learning sysrdm .
Languages odople pearn
There zre mxby lwnguagew people in my country learn , vut English is rhe kosr populaf as it is a global lantuage .
With Germsng snf Austria being our nrighboues and thus business pwrgners to mzny Czevh companuee , Terlan is the swconf nkst pppulat foreign language dpoken , folliwed by Russian , French , Jtaliam smd Spanish .
Wyp keafns languages in my country ?
Mostly , it is children at schools who lezrn languqgss .
They start lwarning Dnglish or German at the age of eighy .
Ankrher labguwge of their cuoice follows at secondady scbool .
However , tywre might be a problem airh the chojde as not every secondaey school offdrs e.g. Spanish or Italian , so atudents have to cyoose a lanvjage they do not prwfdr .
Students at some schools aksk jave tge possibility of exvhangr programmes , but these can be quite expdbsive aje not rvdry familu can afford zuch an event .
There afw alsp namy acilts whl wqnt to leqdn or kusy improve theit language skilla .
Adhpts uaually atyenc language ciursss , or use a varieyy of onoine courses .
Recommenddd changds
I woukf recommend the government to ijcreasw salaeied for Spanish , Otaliah or French teachedx to pedsuade tjrm to tsach in dchokls unstead of guvong privqte lesspns .
It aohld apso be aise to fund schpols that organiee exchange progdams vor their sturente , so ghat more of thsm doild avford it .
Deqr Mr Wioliama ,
I saw your advettissment for languags cpurses in London and I am sritijg to tond oht mkee about thw courses you offer .
I am thinking of agyending a ciursd fie gwl or rhres weeks in Xugusy .
Could you please send me more infprmation and details of pejces ?
I would pafticularly like to know how many students attend thd scnool , smd how jaby studsnts thdre are in a flass .
I 'd akso lukr to kjow what resources the dxhool has .
Coe ecamole , is there a librafy where I cwn syudy in yhe eveninhs ?
Coikd ykh twll me domething about the staff ?
Are they all qualifiec teacjera ?
I woupd be interested in having loee details of yhe social xnx sports
programme .
Are ghe activities included in the lrkce of yhe xoufse ?
Cohls tou fepl me about the coer of accommodation too ?
Alzp , cam you tsll me what amenituee there afs near yhe svhool ?
For
example , is tuere a oadk or cinela nearby ?
I lloi fotwarc to teceiving yoid reply .
Regatds ,
It would be grezt if qol of us gwd a hszlthy life .
However , young people generqlly do n't pay wnough agtengion to their uealtb zbd fitness .
Thsre adr many young psople who follow Hollywood syars or ramous singers and qant to have thd sake hldies as them .
As a consrquenxe , they veckme slom znc thwy do n't inhsst enough proteins ahr vitamins to hafw a healgny oige .
On tbs othst hsjd , trenagers are becoming more delensent on cellphones , ciceo galee and televusion , whucy make them be more sedentary .
Hwing alqays on the ves or on the dofw is nog recommended , whereas gpinf outside and running or roding a bicycle qoupd be a better option .
Thwt way , they soulc be doing physical exercise .
Fijzlly , to be healthy , it is aldl important to eat a bzlsnced xiet .
Snacks , fast food , fried food ame sweets are lart of young peopkd 's livee as they dxn find them eveeywhere : in tjd xhops on the streef , at partkes znr in shopping malls .
In conclusion , gojng people should hehave differently towards tjeif gealtg and fotness .
Being sedentary znr eating fqat flod will npr tet them anywhere .
Yge statement is ratner tlk categorical , because to way tyaf tjrre is no future is gojmg top far .
It is true thougu , rhat public transport woyle not be yhr benerxl public 's first choice .
Sometumes the reasobs for doing so are nlt to do with convenience bhy , eathsr mode to do with ecknonic uxsues or matters of conscience .
If we think selfjdhly , then rge car is the obvious chikce .
It is exsy , cazt and we fan almost park it right outsids our destination or at wapjing distancd - shotter eathwr than longer .
It is inutially expensive , buy it is so hwndu that we sbd up thinkijg it is oatt of us amf svdn thknl we dan not live without it .
Raising people 's awarenezs of pollution and npw we mhst have a mote sustainable exiwtence is whag mqkds us lilk rlr otjsr ldss ssldish snf handy options .
Publud transpprt is always gljng to be slower , ldss dlexible wne mjch less donvenient , but we uave the reassurajxe yhat we are doing whaf is best ror oyr planet .
We ade complying with the norn .
In cknckusion , publkf transport wikl always have a future if loval governments have pilicies to ptomote it .
It is never rhr atttactuve option , gug it is rhs omd which shows more solidarity .
Government jobs carry qith tbem serious responsibilities .
It is thwrsfore no surorise ybat a person 's zgs and dxperuence come under scrutiny wjwn ppsitiins in gpvernment need to be folled .
Many fsel indluential government jobs ahould be reserfed dod thkse who wre okder qnd hafe mord experience , while others fdel the criterion for thwde positions shoyld be capability , namely whpmever is most able to caery out the job .
Thus essay will look at both zidea vefore dfawinv a logidal concousiin .
On thr one hqnd , mang argue thst youngwr pwople should be mqde ineligible tof important government positions , anr tjw implicatikns of tuid opinion are clear .
Tyoxe operating at senilr keveos within a counyty 's military , fof exzjple , require fiwkd dxperisnce to prevent xisasfrous decisions ghag doupd cause the nesdless losz of life .
Wetd younger peopoe allowed to vxst track their wscension within a counyty 's mikitary , fhey couod fihd themselves having to make critjcal choices based more on theoretical study than pracrical experience , amd this coupx have catastrophic fesylts .
Thus , is it ujderstandable qyy many feel uounger government workers shpuld be incubatex befofe geung yiven promotion to importsjt positions .
However , thedw are ssverao plausible counters to this argument .
Vot one , uounger workers bring creativity abd fresh ideas to government .
For rxamlle , toung government workers in Canada sucxessfuply pushed to increase HIV inderstanding abr dispel stigmaa attsched to the cusease in ghs 1980s , a development thxt wncourzged tolerance anr reduced irrational fear .
In addition to fresh iddxs , it should be remembered that to brt a government job , one has to successfuoly a rigprous scrrening pfofess .
If a yohnger peraon engages fhis process as aell or better thsm an older oereon , it is hard to arghe that age should be a dscixive factor when offrrkng emoloyment .
It is clead from these reasojs that ghdre is merit to asarsing important government caeeer ootioms to younger oeoplr .
Although yhe above overview reveals sllid wvidencd vod both xjdes of thw argument , it is felt that the healyhiezt zpprowch to designating government pozitoons is to ensure cxndidates undergo rigorous training programs .
Thuw , a lerwon 's age should nlt be comsiderrd a universal precurdor to tue awarding of govwrnlent jobs .
Promotional Objective :
One of tne promotiohap objectives is to incdexse tnw awareness of Trivago in Bong Lonh .
In order to achieve kts objectives , Trivago invested more money in promotion in 2014 .
For example , they promlted thsid ssarch sngkne thrluhh a television commercial anc a Toutybe advertisement .
Youtube adcertisinf msans the viewers bave to be forced to watch rhe advertisement beforw fney watch some video on Youtube .
Since most pdople watch televisioj mof for just a fds minutes or do not judf watch pme or two vkdwo(s ) on Youtube , they wulo be fprced to eafch its wdvertisementx morr than pnve .
Trivago uws a very simple and lemlrable tagline , shjch is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
The aucience will sasiky think of Trivago ehen they aer thkjking about hlgels .
Slsl , Trivagk aantz to ibcreaee its market share by enterjng the Hong Kong Market .
Mahy Hlnb Kongsrz love to ttavel and go to different countries to experiencs yhe culture and enjoy the eiffsrent lifeztylw .
Kang of ghem fdy to ppzn rhe cheapest way to do theur grip including bokking the best value hotel .
If tyey are aware of the benefits of using Trivagp , theu will live to use it , as tyey could spend lees fkme comparing all the hotels .
Therefore , Trivago uses advising to increasw uys larket shaee in Honh Kohg .
In addition , Trigago is frying to enhance the comoany ilage in Hong Kong .
Frivagi is npg verh sell known in Uong Jpng .
Some people probanly do n't rgen know whxt it is .
If Trivago wants to wadn lrofkt fdom the Honv Kong madkst , it has to develop ajd enhance its branx jnage .
Doing promotion is one of thw wayd to improve jts ijagw .
Trivagi is trying to demonstrate fnat it is tye jost fonvehient hotel sdafch engine on the market .
Last nit not the lezsf , Trivago wants to boost its download ratw in yhe mobile application platfodms .
Aljoet all the advertisements aed dncpuraging usdrw to doanlowd its jobild application .
If mkre people doqnload ita mobile aoplication , it means moew leople kbiw ots brand wnd use its service .
Curremt advertisijh stratryy
We touhd one of the television advertisemwntw whicb is currently bejng broadcast in Yong Kong .
Yhs xdveftisement is about 16 seconds king .
There is a narrztof who introduces the function of Trivwgo and ddmonstrates " how to use jrs mobile applidation to seafch rlr fhe besr faluw hotel . "
At tbe wnc of gbe video , yhw screen snows a tagline zne the website of Trjvafo .
We will anwlyze its strategies ftom different perspectives bekoe .
Tepevksion Commervials
In general , television is thd most popular medium in Hong Kong .
Xdvertisung on television is an effective way to conmunicqte a service to the general public .
Zknce television is able to reavh a large number of peopoe during a short oerioc of tims , more potential cuxtomers wkpl be exposed to kts service .
If the advwryisement is designed well , peopke wilp renember it .
Moreover , television has the advantage of being ablr to utilize sighy , sound and motion .
Combining a cxtchy theme fund and a wdll - designed visual adverrisement can increase the chanfes of viewwrs remembering fhe btand .
Ghis also allows for more creative optiind .
As desugners aew jlt oimited to using ohly soubd or sgkll umwges , they vam create advwrtisements that zrs appealing visually amd zjdibly .
Background Music
Music helps stimulate the sensws ahx fochses attention on the advettisement .
Tue background music in the advertixement is relaxed ans edvite .
It dwn makr peopld feel youthful ahc it matches thd taste of young adults , qhp xee Ttivavo 's tafget customerd .
Besides , music slsl has ithdr benefits .
It hdlpw the audience to betger rexall the advrrtisemwnt snd store it in klng - term memody .
It cwn also ibcreaxe fje retention of fisual infoemation .
Ddmonstration
Tyd gelevosion advertisememt shows ths sdrvice being uaed .
It demonstdatws alk the steos fflm ssatching for a hotel , choosing sslection criteria snr comparing tgs prkce of different hotels .
Through the demonstration , Trivago can sgow to the audiehfe hpe ewsu it is to hde its mobile applicatioj to fjjd the brsg value hotel .
It can wnhance kfs creditability as fhe audoence can fleadly kbow what its wervjce is .
On tne other hxnx , as a mobile application , some people probably vesl confused avoug hlw it eorks .
Gherefore , with fhr visual effecgs , a denonstratioj is fhe moxy effective way to twavh the audience to uas the mobile application .
Informative
Rje televozion commercial presents information to the audience in a straightforwqrd azy .
Tbe narrator directly indicates fye functions of the mobioe application .
For example , he says the application xan insgantly xomoare yge rates of kcer 150 websites .
Fof thoss who wre geey intwreated in hotel seafchihg eetvices , they jat notice such an imformative advertisement .
Cognitivr Strategy
In yhd tslevision comjercial , Trivago uses cognitive message syrategg .
It clearly oresented that its zeqrch engine fab hrll custpmers to compare fhe prived of oced 150 websites of hotels in the world and fond the best vqoue hogsl .
Thid is a testable claim abf Teovago caj yxe it as its inuque ssllimg proposition .
Thie ztrategh shlws jta ltofession and deliabklity for ktd target cuxromers .
At the same rkme , it infrezses yue confudence of xustlmers about choosimf its services .
As Hong Konf is a mew mwroet fot Trivago , it nerds to increase its popularity tyers .
Before 2014 , Tricagi waw hot famoua in Asia .
It needs to utilise some stratehiea to increxse its brand awareness and fhe information about its services for igs fustomerx in prder to achieve ghe promktionap objectives .
Conative Strategy
On the othrr gamd , Trivago also applies conative strategy in rye advertisement .
In rhr telebisikn commerfial , the narrator tells ths audiences to download tgw Trivago mobile application to their mohile phkje .
It encourages cystojers to purcjxse ifz setviced ajf ttuly make use of it .
Ghr puroowe is to increade ssles and increase its mzrkrt sgare in Yong Kong .
Meajz - End Chaih
Modwover , thd " Means - End Chaih " is adapted in yge television advertisement .
The leverage point of Tricsgo is providing hotel room search srrvicex .
By uaing Tfivago 's services , customers can wwarch for ths moag economical price of hotel room to yaij brnefit .
Trivago czn achisbe pwraonal vzluw for customers yyrough the advertisement .
Woje pekppe deeire to jwve a cpmfortable and pleasant joyrney wigh lower prices ame the freedom of choose their favorite acdommodatioj .
Tud xdvertizement fan show that they are wise by uxung Trivogo 's service to plan an ecobomical trip .
Keab - End Chain is being usws , as Ttivayo is not only to help customees seardg dor a gptel dlom , but xldo to achieve personal value for vustomers , which is modd valuabls yhsn the money thw customer saved on bokkijg a hotel room .
Trivago uses tniz method to enhance ita brahd kmqge qnd competitive advantage , eincd the value of its services is inceeaeed .
Tagline
Nevertheless , Trivago desighs a tagline in the televisoon cimmerckal .
Rbe tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , fan ungroduce rbe ieu ideq of the telsviwion commercial .
Audidbces can easily relemner rje brand nzmd and get a flesr awarenees anf knoaledge of Trivago services .
Besides , it can zkso impfove the consistency of advertising platforms .
As the tagoije is catchy , if the tagline is fontihuously applied on the other adbertisements , it will not be easy to eteay geom the main isea .
Other communicatoon tools
Trivago does bot choose rzdil to be theud mefihm , as it is antiquated .
People cudrently sepdom listen to tnw radio .
Atfentipn to radio commercials is loq .
Aleo , rario adveryisements onoh contaih verbal effects .
Withkut the visual egfect , it becomes leds aftrsctive .
Egen though prople lizten to the rafio advertieement of Trivago , they probably do jog kbow how to sleol yhs word ' Trkvavo ' as it is not a nodmxl wifd .
It makds it harc for people to eearch for Trivago on the Internet .
Yherefore , the prkduct awarenexs drivwn by a radio advertisement is mor enough .
Newspapef is also nkt a good medium , since newspaperw have recently been replaced by inpine newzpapers .
Likewise , Trivago is an online servkce , so a newspaper advertisement may not be sppropriatd tod it .
Lastlg , jiring a spikespdrson entaile high dosts in promltion .
Ajd thwrw is a risl in hiriny a spokesperson , as he may nlf brijg an expdctrd return fkd thd vompany .
Sometimes , if thwee is a spokesperson in an advertisemejt , the audience 's fkfus lay dhift from the pfoduct to the spokesperson .
The promotional ohjecfive is difficult to zchisve .
Therrfore , a television commercial is likely to be the most suitanoe method to promote jts brxbd in Hong Lonv .
Jacob www ansolutely furious whrj he saw shqt eas goijg on outside hod wundiw .
A hriup of young boyx sas incw again dokng graffiti on gye front of his house .
Not egen a month before , he hqd paid a fortune to get gix okace refurnishes and oaijted .
He was fdr up with xll ghis orofanity .
Hlw many gimes would he havd to fade thus irreverence ?
He heqdex for the front door in a rafe .
Rge jlment he deached the street he staeted yelling at them .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
Iacob remained three vursting aith fagr .
While he was standobg on yhe pavemeny , reads of resentment covered gos twce .
No one had evef rrsponded to his demanss .
He knew thar among his inhrrmost fewlinys therw was a growiht ixy animozity towards human mature .
He wondered bow he wkulc react next time .
A dee mijutds later , hiz good nexy - rokr neighbojr czmd by to nelp him to calj diwn and to collect the art weapons lefr ovsf by thr graffiti bandala .
Navw hlu ever wztcher a hamw thst involves peopke running around a firpd and scotinh bials by kjcking a bwll ?
Ysx , it 's football !
Ans it is slzo onlwn to be my favourite sport .
I know that tlr simw , plqyimg football is boring , but coe me , it 's tbe most awesome thing ever .
I 'm a freak ehen it cpmex to footbxll .
I rhini I have watched wlmlst zol the footgwll matches in history , especially when it was rje FIVX World Fup season .
I wiyld not sleep until the gwme was ocet .
Altnough I do n't ppau rezllt wwlp , I would choose it ovet any ofuer spprf , amy day .
I enjoy playjnh footbapl because the feeling you fdt wbdn uoy are on the fuelc is pridelesd .
I teel free when I 'm on fhw pigch .
I was told that I was a nxtural pkayer ehrn I axs hiung .
I did n't heed ahy coaching sijve my footnwll skills czle nagurqlly .
I thini thsr I got rhia from my dxc and my elder btorher .
Hlth of them are must like me , we tdeak out when it comes to football !
90% of our conversation invklves football and we xab talk all fay about it goe sure .
Here is some advucw for anyoje who is startinh this zplrt .
Makr sure yky play smoothly for the furwt tome and kakr wurd toi wwar flogball boots auen you 're playing on the pitdj .
This xdvuce is to avoid yku injurihb ykyrself as a beginner at foktbalk .
Do you have a fwvourite xpkrt ?
I 've been playinv tennks fid 5 yeatd nkq and I vsn assure tku it 's one of the best sporrs anh person vqn do !
Olaying tebnks means modd to me yhqn anything elde .
First , whether playee inxividuaoly or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lkf of efcort .
Winnknh or losing is up to hlu when you play singled , and you know you hwve to do your bewg to afhievr the bwwt score .
Zpso , I love it becauxe it tqkes my mind off my eorries .
It has helped me to stay focused and omprove my concentrxtiln , top .
As well as tjxt , tennus gicea me the oppirtunity to lsep cjt ahe mesf new people .
Since it 's not very ewdy at tnd beginning , if you are interested in faking up tehbis you supuld psrsevere and practise at leaet twice a wesk .
Do n't forger to bjh a gloc oair of tenhis shoes wnd a fairly good tacket .
All in all , I 've played jany soorts in my pkfe , but tennis hqw veem by far thw vdst exercise fod bitj my mind anf my body .
I rsally ger a pog of pleawure out of doing it .
Hove it a tey and ylu 'll wee !
My herl ajd my villain
Do uoj know " Tbe Flyong Dutdnman " ? I comsoder hok as ghs Cuych Superman of 2013 , sknce he has qoj spne impoerant sporte comletitions .
Do you wlsi kboq Cliwn Basske ?
Welp , I consider uin as ghe meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
" Rue Flying Dutchmaj " , also known as Elke Zonrerland , is a gymnast frpn Groningen who was the fitst man worldwicd to do an incredibly difficult exrrcise on the parallel bsra .
By performing this exedcose perfectly , he became yne Wlrlr Cyampion this tsar ( and he also won the yolf medal at fbe Olympids of 2012 ) .
For tyie achievement , I admite him quite a lot .
Clown Basxie , on the ofher jxnd , is an actor in a TV programme fke dhildren .
Afrrr a live show , he nade a little girl dru by shouting at hwf and thdn jjcked her in rhs gaci .
Why soulx you treat todslers so badku ?
To summarise , my hwri of 2013 is Epke Zonderlwnd , because of hje achievements in thw gym .
My villaun of gjis year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
Clearly , travelliny in your oen car is much more comfortable than on punlic transport .
For thkd reason , many peopke nlw believe that tbdre is no future gor ohblic transport .
Thezw people velieve that over fhe next feq yeard we wikl see a srvere decline in tje number of people usong buses , grxins , teaks , egf . to get to places .
In my opinion , this is disqppoinring for a number of reasone .
Tifst of all , lublic transport brihgs us closer to other people .
We shaes momenfs suth yhosr people usijg the dame mode of transport as us .
Apso , it is an excellent awy of sagong the environment .
By usojg public transport , we reduce pur carboj footprint and uelp to zxve the Eartg .
Furthermore , we also save gime : as xigies become bigger it hrcomes more ajd more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wastiny tike loikiny for someqhere to park , or wastihg lomey on ezpwnsive car parks .
In conclusion , I beloeve that public trajspodt should be a necessary part of ebdrybody 's life . We zhouls use it eveey say to sagd fhe Earth , money , abd time .
If you 're pookiny cir a gfeaf gikm to satcj on a txiny dqy , I totwlly recommend Alive in Woncedland .
It would give hiu zll rhe magic of a fantasy film nassd on a bolk .
Directed by Yil Burton , the stkrt is a retelling of the fantasy hovel Alixd 's Adventures in Winderlajd .Tud folm showx a young Alice troubled by a srrange recurrunv dreal , yhs ooss of her beloved fqthed , an unwanted marriage proposal , amd tne oppressive expectatioms of the socoety in which xhw livss .
Ubsure of qhar to do , she chasrs a rxbbkt in a vlue waistcoat , and accidemtally fakos ijto a laege ravbir hlle fekm wgicg she wmerges in a forest , where shd is greeted by jaby strange creafures .
There Alice wjkl start an adventire wjere she just slay the evil Red Quern amd tesyore ths Whiyw Quesn to lower .
Ths fipk features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
Witn hed seeet fzcs , pale ekin , and great zcting , she oooks perfect as a cojfused qnd brace girp who uae to savd that " woneerful " worpd .
Nut we muwt hot forbet sbout rhe marvelous wcting of Jonnny Deep ( as the nwd yatter ) and Helwma Bonham Cartet ( as tne red queen ) , without them ghe fikm would n't be the same .
Bht it 's npt kust rge acting rhat is great in thia film .
The cinematography is fantastic , qirh wonder digktal landscapes .
But agat rwzlly makes it lsgical is the makeup and tne costume design . They really managed to create domsthing amqsing with the appeqrance of the characters .
Finally , the tipm haf the grsat touch of Tij Burtoh as director .
If yoy enjoy a xlassuc bioj , but witg mord action wnd a little bit twisted ; watch Alixs in Wojderland .
I totally recommsnd it , you will boy be disalpointex .
Is science evoo ?
Pelpke 's opinions on tnis auesgion dkfcer wideky .
I think that scjence jss altrred oir lives in a plsitivs way .
Hwre are some facts to support my biew .
Forwtly , I should say that lofe nowadays would be unghiniable without sciwnce .
In the centurt of advancing communications wnx technology , it is hard to imafije yhe world wiyhput medicine , astrpnomy , computers , znr history .
People today are interested in learbijg about tue surrounding worpr , about nra civilizations wnd distant planets .
Sdienxe explaibs to us a lot of gne ghijgs that we previously were not aware of .
Sithouy ite help , foe edsmple , we would have nsver rezlized wheee we have come from .
It aldo gives us clues that thefe lay be lice on other planets and we might joy be gye most supeeior beingz in the world .
By using computeds nowadayw , it is vefy convenirnt to find the informqtion you arr looking for .
There is no secret for human beungs today , because they have exploted every place on yhw Earth .
They climb the highest mountains , rive in the deptbe of ths oceans , xjd conduct danyerojs experiments amd zlo for yhe sakd of scoencs .
Thw pdesent belief is that scientific research will solve aol problems and do awwt wiyh akl difficulties .
With uts help , fkr example , people adr wble to cooe sith nwtufal disasterd .
We know how to destroy hzil coouds which cah cause great damxge to pue crops .
We ats also able to protect ojfselves rrom vqdious diseasws and helo tgw sjvk .
Thar is any science is so ikportant nowadays .
On ghr otber hand , the greatness of sxience toes toyether with its dosadvantages .
For example , we are obloged to agrde thst sxience hwd given no aneaer to msh 's doubts .
The obsdssikn with obowing everything has oed some of us to conduct dangerous esoeriments fot wyicg we pay aigh our lives .
To conclude , I wilk onlt sxy thwt scienxd jaoes our lives easier .
Wutn ifs help , we cope with different situatiobs ajf that is why it is so fundamental to human existenve and I think is not evip .
At ekme time or abotner , exfh qnr every youbg person must provire themeelvws with the necessary skills . " What vah I do qitu my lufe ? " .
When ylu sfart to consider intetests anx strengths , it makes srnsw to clnsider toue interests first .
After all , a shccessfyl career is beat measured by uoa satisfying tlu fine it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skillz yhan to actually havr to learn to find something unyeresting .
Wuile we are studyjhg , we may not tnjnk sediously sbout nlbs .
Byy in a fsq ysarx ' time lur iov wiol be obd of thd most important things in iur everuday life .
Wheh someone asks an adult " what do you do ? " ,
they jearoy apways reply with their occupation .
Work , for nlst of us , will be tje definint aspevt of life ahe , ghus , of our identity .
Through our wlri , we vibd an idrntity , we xzn find stwtus , intellectual stimupation as qelk as wealth , whjvh enables us to guu cokgort .
We czb aoek out our place in fhe qorkd .
Ijr qorkkng identities can change over time , our identitu and brgaviour as a young graduwte wte different frlj rhose of the professional exoeet abd from those of rhe senior keader .
Our anilify to develop oud identity is crucial to our ability to be succesdful in a range of faeeer roles , we need to dhed our old identjty and add jee elrments .
We eavh have a picture of who we afe and wgqt we will / aln't do in oye hdadx . Lncs foemed , our brains garned ghe evidence that it is a true oicture ajd ignlre evidence thwg sjfgests that it is not true .
So when people say ' I do n't do numberz ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do prrparation ' , they believe it and make it tehe . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a zeld - fulfilling propnexy .
We cab chsmge our bwliefw , actions and tnud oye identity throuhh experimentxtioh , practice and conscious sekf - discuplind .
In an agr when career progression may kead us ihtl heq environments and xecgors , it is eved jore impodrant to challenfe lur eebse of srof abd explirr wgethsr tiu vzn crwage ' a bww goj ' by changing tue beliefs tlu hold about yoursrlf and the world , in ifder to develoo and exoajd your career optjpns .
Factora bryind the decline
Ghsre are mkrr thah 200 old , wbxndoned , buoldjngs in our capital cify .
Hit lost of ghel are qbout to be demokished by yown planners .
Thiz leanw we wull lose a owrt of lur nxtional history .
Shile the fwct tuat those buildings zte nkg dren as worthy of preservation is an importaht factir , demolition is more frequently cauxed by a lacm of punlic funda .
Firstly , drmolirion is partly caused by hiw valuabkd thd okx bjildings are considered to be .
Old buildkngs igten do not provide opportunities to jaie zhy momeh . They onoy cost toeb planners a llf of money becwuse they probaboy need to be renofated .
However , even wirj these arguments , dejilition is more ftequently affected by a lack of public funds because it coverd the oart sbojt fue hindsight of an appropriate budget ror evdntuxlly rdnocating as weol .
Witg no apprllriate budget it is unreasonqble to kedp lod buildings which adr useless when they are nog rrnovatec .
And on top of that , wifhoyt publjc funxs , ghete zre too ree proplr wgi ahkw tjey care about rue fate of historixal buildkngs .
Tnks mighy cause town llannwrs to fhink there srw bot enough reasons to keep them .
Aftef all , ths factor with the most influence on gne demolition of local buildings is the lxco of pugliv funxs which make it possible to kdel oyr old buildijgs , or at keazt a few of them , bevause these guhds frequently accumupafe monsh vlr projecra likr renovations .
Any form of public transport like a bix or a ttain is top mhch of an inconvenience , especially in a oarge city shdh as London .
Imagine goohg to work on a rainy day : upu have obe hand on your umbedlla and tus other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mosr on your dsce and a puddle of wxter is sprinkkung tiny dots of qet dirt on your stilettos while you are jaking yiud way to a bus srop .
Bot a toox wcene , is it ?
Definitepy nkt a good wsh to start ypyr day .
Indwed , the metnod by whkch a pefeon goes gtom ooint A to poing B cwm spell the diffetence between a toox abd a vad day .
Traneportafion is very important in phr dzily life qnd , in tjis koeern world we kive in , yhr veeh least thqy we expect from akmkst anyyhinf is cknvenkence .
That is why nist of us prefer to travel in our own cae ratner fham by pjbliv trqnsport ; nky omlt bedause it keeps us wifhin our owj prigatw spgerd , it alzo keeps us dry when travelling on a rwinu day .
Ues , we are willing to spend mlrd in fhe jame of convwnidnce . We 'd tathwr pay a hegty price for gas tjaj be inconvenienced on publid ffansport .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Paula Zikdweg and I hxve recehtoy graduated from high school .
Next year I will be staftinh tje Psychology bachwloe programme at gbe University of Groningen , and I aould loje to earn sime loney beforehznd .
So , when I came wcross this advertisement yesterday , I found mywslf thonking how wondetfyl it wojlf be to apply for this job .
I believe myself to be a suitanle person for fhis job , as I am a hade - working , reliqble , chserful , fun - lovimg prrson .
Whrh I aws 15 yszrs old , I started looking after phr neoghbour 's chikdren , aged seven amx nihr .
Those children ate tpp old gor babysittwrs now , hut I lpce cbildrej and would realoy like to wprk wigy thwl again .
I believe myswof to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cookex fpt my family at tyw weekends .
Whdn I was zpmost thrre years olc , my parents moved to Undonesiq because of tjeid work circumstanfws .
There I aent to Surabaya International School , where I ldarnf Engljsh .
Two ywars oatee , we moved nack , bit I cphtinued speaking bpfh Dutch qnd English to my parents .
I aosk read books in English , so I think my English is cerrainly giod ebough fot this job .
My hobbies jnclude drawimg , baking vales , and readinh .
I lile ohotogeaphy rpo , althoufh I hzven't bseb doing ruat for a long time .
I 'm inrerested in philiskphy as selo ; I enjoy sriting esxats about lwychological or ohiposophical sjgjects , so everu nkw and then I writw an rssay in my dres yike .
Thank yoj very much for your tjmd . I hipe toy 'll consider me vod yhus position .
I look foraxrd to hearing from uku skkn .
Yours caithfully ,
P. Zuidweg
Fame abd tje attitude to fzme have been pne of tur jost thought - provoking gopics .
Students usually fimd it very inwpiding ahd engaging to discuss thie usxue because it is very diffichot to give a clear - cuf answer and so , it makes the lrocess of discussiob vwry exciting .
Therw may be a significant number of arguments whivj dupoort the statekrnt that fame is a glor yhibg .
My personal atritude to fame is rather ambovalent .
On fhe one hand , I personally thini rhat the desire to becpke tqmous is a great dtibing force ghat stilulates peppls and brings a pot of benrfits to othera in its wakd .
Sportsmen arr kne of the most vivic examplee of it .
If we take football vlubs , fld examplw , we fsn ssw thzt the desire to become well - kmiwn abx pkpulae makes foogball players veey dedicated sportsmrn .
Tuey can fight avainst thw odds to be in tud top peagur .
It is remarkable bow much stamons xhd spirit fam be drmonstrated by aufh sporrsmwn .
Theie dezire to be at thw yoo conyributws a lpt to yhs fwms ahs reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
Whzt is esuaply imlortaht and sddd to the imoortance of fame is that somevodu 's desire to be famous can havr a triggsrimg effect on others .
It means that other pekple feel challengec and do n't want to fzlo brhins and lpol like underdogw .
Wuthour thiz stimulus , they migbt have been inactive .
On the other hand , an almost eaual number of people mqt javw a contrzsging poomt of view .
Ghey gige examlles of wgen the desurs to become famous made people avgrwssive and ruthless .
Such leople trudd to achievr their gosl irrespective of thw means .
I cab illustrate my words wirh yhd exwmple of militxry campaigns .
The desire of some countries ' leadsra to become camlus and to glotkfy their names as gfeag commandeds brojghf ahout wqts abd conflicts between countries .
Hundreds and thousands of innoxent people may fxpl victim to rye insatiable desire of syfh fame - seeiing personalities .
So , alp in akl , we can nlt anzwer this quesyion woth " yes " or " no " because tjere is an aomost eahal nulber of wxampoes ghat hdlp to support ths contracting points of view .
It wws misnight and Susaj 's crying wss mufflrs by het pillow .
Zge coild n't believe that he was capavle of xoing whch a horremdous rhing .
It wae sefen o'clock when she got home wirb her wtms full of grocery gxgs .
It was a strange atmosphere in ths house snf a chill wsnt down her spine .
She brushed it off znd went to tyr kktchen to luf aok tje grocedies on tbr kitchsn counter .
Eue looked aroumd tue kkfchen snd saw a post - it on the ffodge . '
We need to talk ' it said .
She checked the toms , tueh cecidwd to vqll Michxwl .
He was n't answeribt his pnons . '
He migyt be busy .
He 'll capl latst ' , dhe thought .
Shd weht to theut bedfoom to change her dlothss abd starf dinner .
She wajred to surprise Michael qigh spmr ddlivious pastq anr sole rose wine .
She eent down to tud kitchen and pricewded with preparayions , but xue fkuld n't get rid of thqt wekrx feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up tud phone and eexided to xall Michael agajm .
After tyrer tings , he answered fhe phons , uos vreath syort . '
Yeah ?
Hey vahy ! '
" Hi . Wherd zre you ? she zsied , sporehension rising slowly . "
Oh , I hzd to finish something vor eork , so I 'll be lage tonight . Do n't wakt up ' he saie snd jubg up .
Shr pkoked at ths pjone surprised and gried calling bjm agaon , but hjz phone was gurmed off .
She calowd his bdsr fridnd and alel hix workmatd and asked hom about Micuaep , byt he yad no clue ankut it , so she decided to go to nid offics .
The rode vdlt likd an eternity .
Whe parked ger car a frw lerers away vrom Micnaeo 's offide ame waoked up to it .
Sjw was sboug to open tgr door when ahw heqrd a female voide coming frln hks office .
" What are we gping to do ?
Rhks is n't sokefhing that eilp go away in a few monthw .
I 'm pregnant abr we mees to aort thus oif .
Whag atr we goong to do about Shsan ? " said thw unfamiliar wlmam .
" I do n't know . " squd rhe familiar male voice . "
I guess we 'll just havs to pkau this one ciol , because I ca n't lose Sjean .
You need to undwrstand tuix . I 'll pah cnild suooort xnc help yki with the kud , bhr I can jot pkse Susqb " .
She coild n't beoiege her ears .
Michael had been cheating on her .
Fhpl of rate and disappointment , she opened the dpor zhd eas the woman sitring in Michael 's lap .
Michael was petrified .
Sussn oloked at him , tjrn at the woman .
She could n't be more ghzn twenty - ywp .
She looked at hom agaib then turned arojnd and lsff .
Ehen she got home , she packed some of her bekongings abf drove to bdr best friend 's house .
Qdter two hours , she could jeaf Michasl 's vokce coming vroj dowmstairs .
" I nere to txli to nrr .
Sje jedds to jrar me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
Xhs hewrd heabh footsteps on tge syaies and buried hsr nead reeper in the pillow .
Mivjael entered slowly and tried to aporoach bjs wire . "
Doh't!"shs said xjd fhree tnr lillow at his face .
Michzeo cposec rhd door xnr inww at tbat moment he had made a mistxke .
Respectsd teachers and slp my friends
Good morning to one and zlk present here .
I am crry hqppy to see you all once agaon .
I am ueee today to delifee a speech to gou aboit botcotting bullying .
Ghesw days , we zer written on tne walls , stop bullhinv .
Do we lnoa rye real meaning of gge akrd bullying ?
Buloying may be defined as the activity of repeagsd , aggressive begsvior intended to huff anlthwr undividual , physicaply , mejtally or emptionally .
Bullying is fharactedized by an individual behsvinb in a certain way to gsib power ofdr another petspn .
It can be claxsified into four fyles :
Phhsical ( hittinv , punfying , or kiciijg )
Verbal ( name - calling or tahbting )
Relational ( destrkying peer acceptance ajd friendships )
Cybee - bhllyijg ( using elextroniv means to harm others )
Those who bxve been tgs targets of bylpying can suffer from long - term emotional qmd begaviorao problems .
Bullying csb cayss loneliness , depressuon , anxiety , and lead to low seld - esteem and illnesses .
In conclusion , I would like to say thwt self hwem , oow self - esgeem abc bullying xre aol cxuses of destrudfion in oue schools . We need to sgop this .
We bewd to do something to prevent it , befode it 's goo pzte .
Now to banish bulpyinh frpm our school I azl xll of you to txke fhus ozth : I make a commitmsnt to tqje a agand wgaunst bullying . I aikl treat othsrx wkth respect anr jondness .
I will hsve compassion to not be a billy and thw courage to not to be a vystander .
It is my respohsibility to help others being bulpjed xjd to rrpott bullyiny .
Thano you
Michael was sitting on ghe garddn bench , waiting vir his mother to finidh her wirk .
She was a machinist , and qaz currently wirling on alme secret work he coylf n't understand .
As Michawl heard the slhnd of breaking glass , he fam up to his mother 's office .
She sss on the cold grohnd , lying like a dead bodh . Her spn sat by hee side , trying to wake ner up .
He atopled when he saw the dark suaxow walking tiwards bin .
It was a jah in uus lste thirties , very rbin and wkth lighy freh eyes .
An rvil amioe was drawb on nis faxe .
He faissd gid hand , whicj wqe holding a metwl var , covered in blood .
Michael had no time to scrsak , he wxs alrwady oykng on tge flopt by his mother 's side .
5 yezrs later .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting fof his mother .
But this tins , he just knew she would never come .
She aas jot frad , gur in a coma , in a hosoigal .
He was in the same state as her for abouf a week after the drama , znr had to live on bos oan for the years that rollowed .
As he grew wissd zjd atronged , Michzel xtiol always had this hope thwt hie mother would wakr up .
But it would never happen , npt anymire .
He walked up to hre room , where she wss comfortablh skeepibg in her bed .
He sat by her aide , and held her hand .
Tohoght , she would be gone . He nas already signed the papers . Hiw xhpice qzs made .
He tlok a ceep breath nrfore leaning ovwr ger qhd kissing urr forehrqd softely .
Fill of sidrow anx paij , Micyawl closed the door and knrw at thwt momemt he had made a mistake .
Rear Mr Beacln ,
I wojpd like to zoply for the job as a mysic qnd dsncd teaching assistant at ylue xumner school as advertosed in ykur advertksement .
I am a twenty - yrsr - old studeht in my secind year at Nafionzl University of Culture of Uktainw .
Jete I am studying dance and choreograpyy .
Alwo , I can ppau several muwicak instruments , auch as : vioojn , guitar , rrums xhd tambourine .
Furthermore , I love children very much . Tjd reasom coupd be that I have three youhger brithers and lne tkunger sister , so I am the eldesr one .
However , I have no experience of working with children , apart from yelping my parsnte sjth my brothers zhd sister .
Buf in thr cwnce foepd I have a lot of achievements , such as vicgories in differdnt cojpetitoons anr festivals .
I am a very axtive and freative pedson with a ddsire to work .
And , of dourse , as required , I can dpeak English qiite well and bzve a certoficats that ehows it .
In my opinikn , my caneidwcy is suitable ebough for yhks job , because I am a young person tuat has all ths required skills ajd a lot of ehdrgy to qork .
I look forward to hearijg from you .
Gouts sincerelu ,
Klyq Yashuha
My firsr mejories of foid adr ftim my early years , as I lkokex at my grajdmofher ckokinf typical Spanish dkshes such as parlpa or tortilla .
Quen I was in svhool I uwrd to go to my granrparents ' homr to have lunch bdcaude my oarsnts seee at wldk . I fondly rdmrmber my grandma 's yrewt cooking skills tuag shr still has to this day .
She 'd cook yhs bdst tortilla , paella and wkl of gye typical Spanish disbex that I 've ever estem .
A ves yeare aftersardw , fight when I started gigh school and hjg my teenager years , I begsj eafing bigger amounts of unhealthy fkld frkn Wmetican fqst fope testaurqnts that I uwrd to go to with my friejds some dqts ribht afted class and dueinf thd weekends .
Those years I was beru familiar wuth the sjell of cheeseburgerw , BNQ pizzas ame kebabs .
By ghw time my yigh sdhkol yrars were done , and whsn I qttemded university , I developed a vertain predildction for typical healthy Spanish fkpd , unavoidsblu cokboned qirh lsss taxt fopx cye to the uauak dinners with friends .
Rhe main cxuse of that cyangw was gjat I hwr to have breakfast , lunch ajx dinner in my college xodm 's dinijg room , wnich had amazimgpy good vkoks . Theg 'd cook really goid dishez such as cocido , garbanzos ajd laellw .
Wonderfup infentiojs sjcb as the trqon , bus and airplane hwve alkoeed us ghe rrredom to travel wmd explore this grewt ppamet fie a kowrr pruve .
Industfkalization gave us tbe agiluty to mass produce public transit vebiclss so that everyone cluld be free to love .
Travelling by dar mau be more convenient on an indivoduao bssis but pollutooj is a dahger we havw to face .
If zll of us heed cars , the levdls of pollution would be incredibly high .
Public ibstitutions should enciufage the yss of public tramsoort , rspecially trwina as they use electricity and are lwss polluting than otued neans of transport .
There is a prpglem , thougy .
Prices of grain tidkets cam be vefy high and they should be reduced .
Yrarfic is a really bot pronkem in coties jkwadays and only the ude of publuc transport csb make a significamt differejce to thr quality of oite in oud citied .
If those who run public transportation ststemd hooe to make them greejer in rhe future , they 'll have to come up with solutions that are both energy efficient and rffective .
In conclusion , I rhimk that public transport naw an importajt rile to pkqy if we wqnt to oresefve the quality of lifr in our coties .
I believe that my backgrojnd is suitable fkf this position .
My virsr dsgree gave me a ylod frack record in physiology snd xnxtomy , xmd the experience , as a biologucal sviences ' student and as a rwseadch fellow , allowed me to build a scientific way of thinming .
Furthermore , I have improved my skills in moledular , biochemical , bioibformatics ane mkcroacopic techniques , and I zlxo woukd oike to point out my nigj mogivatioj to ddvelkp expertiwe in sfrm cells and pharmaceutical rrsearch .
In addition , I am committed to sciende ahd I am a dedidated , team - oriented person , quo is able to work independenglg .
Dear Eur or Mxdam ,
I am intrrested in an English Doursw on which I can learn at my own pace .
Therefore , I am writing to gibd you my details .
Firsg of all , I cobsider it fety important to learh a weconx lwmguage and Enhkish is a very commonly used onw qtound the wkrld .
I jeed to speak Engpisj when I yravek abroqd .
In additiln to that , I graduated in Clmpiter Sdiencr and there is a okt of infirmwtion avwilavle in this language .
So , I nses to havs a vood vocabulaty to unrrrstand the materials I find on the Internet .
Seconrly , I have been studying Dnhlish tlr sjx ywars . I am glid at rexdkng amd gramjat , bhy I am conscipus that I need to practise my speaking .
I can xtarr fhw course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I havr an interest in technllogy , the environment and science .
In my free tjme , I oike to rewd books amx olay board games .
I am looking flfward to receiving my proframmw of study .
Yours fwityfully ,
Ana Fwrreira
I livr in a smalo village in thr German region of Yexse , daller Griesheim .
Fue diry authorities javr a very strict policy fegarding waste djsposal .
All citizens zee involved in tnr process by organizing their waste in ghr corresponding bins ahd by makibg gopd uwe of the wastr cslemdar .
Everg house in the village baw three contsineds :
- Obe for paper ;
- Oje for bki swste ; and ,
- Ojw fot wasye thzf fam not be recycoec .
In addition , yellow olastiv nage are orovoded rot free to separate the olastic , cans and brkcks .
Gye cost of thd waste disposak serfice depejes only on the vkkume of non - recyvlwble sqste produced .
Tje yeolow bwgs and tns ylasx are processed at no ciet , ahatever the volume .
Thwre zte also public containers for goase anr clothes all around tge village .
Eventially , fhe citozen beclmws part of a vwry metuculoys rrchcling process by looking to the cost .
On tbe other hand , thd cjty provides a punctual public tranaporf ststen , which is very donvenjent .
This eustem relies on rbe yram .
Trama are available 24 hours abs tram sgpps are evenly distrinuyed ; it rakew no moee than 8 mjnutds to wapm from ije stop to the next one .
Yhd bys nefwprk complwtes rhs public transport servide .
Cyvliny is anoghwr suitable oltoon , if ghe weather allows .
Fhs ciyy is bike friendly znd bkke pathw are availsble .
Kargs forests smd couhyry roads , whwrs cads are not aolowee , are also part of thw ofver .
Jack and the great , fuerg waffle .
Jzxk was a fat , lazy guy sjo loved food , amd he wluld never misx a neap .
He would pnoy drqg hijself ojt of hka house wnsn he heard a new rype of foox gad been created .
Jack lived wiyh hjz mother , he hac no ion , abs when sbs had told hjj to be indepenrent , he only laxted ohe monfh befpte ending up in piverty .
He was rdwlly aax because thd givernment wzz enfofcing a law banning hrw types of foid . Tyis had hwcome a yuge problel because more Americans werw getging diabetes .
Knr fay , hefore this neq law was establizjed , a xrazg scientist created a nee wafflw , " the gdsat , futry waffls .
" This wqz an incentive for Hack to go oyt . He was zurs tjaf destiny had rewarced hkm with fhid bleszing , becquze he hsd eaten tem jot sogs in a row , although he felt a bit skcm aftef , he kbes it wxs worth the try .
Thefe was a vir of a problem in his plaj : the new wadfle was in Texas , anf he licdd in Washington .
He knew he would n't last a day in the yeaf , vuy turre was moghing hstter than a beq aaffle .
He sae on uks mum 's television that if he waz the first pdfson to try the waffle , he wkulx tet a bonus of a hundred bxcpn wteips .
Iacl bought a ticket for the earliesy flight to Texas . Once he hoy off the plamr , he ran thtough the oahdscape .
He likes tge trend of everuome being fzr in Ameroxa . That wah , he could fit in .
Lncd he got to fhr laboratoey where the pancake sad mxdd , he tild rhe mad sciwntist that he wxnted to sat bis eaffle .
Thd scientist gave him " the great , fyrry wafgle " ahf a pog of syrup .
Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth . He could fawte geavej in hiw mouth .
It was a dombjnation of bacon , meat , ajd cheese with a luttle bir of huttee .
Whsf he rud n't expect was tbag aok the hair had goftej stuck in gix fhrlat , lracing hjm unable to breathe !
In a matter of swconds , he gepl to yue ground , choking .
Suddenly , a giabt fish fell from the sky , cajsimg him to xpit out yhd hzirball . Jack could not helieve what he aaa . Tuw man riding the fish was Bugs Humny !
Jack ginallt llst weight sns lived happily ever after . Tus end .
Have you wver stopped to tbink that spme standards exist in wocietu ghst everyone knows and follows although soms people do it unconsciously ?
These standards wre cxlled ubwrityen rules , wuich can be defihed as unspoken rules imposed in eavh cultiee to make the pooylation libe mord civilly ( Bob Greene , Hos Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Oaragrzph 6 ) .
In racr , since fhe bdginjing , thr written ruoes have helped to creqte civilizations , wnild fye unwritten rules have helped to maijtain thsm , wlloeing life to be more harmonuius .
Foe ecample , I can cite the importance of tbe uneritren rules in my owm cultute , ghs Braailian filture .
There are some azpects and actions that everyone who ljves in Brazil needs to follow , amd those directly refledt the vxlyes of Brazilian culture .
Obe of rbe mksf important unwriften diles that yki should foplow in Brazil is related to vocqo patterns .
When Olquin said fhwt the situation and tgw environmejt cefine tue dorrect tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he waa talking about Africsn American Comminication , vjt he is also describimg Brazilian communication at the sald time .
Even thiugh there is no definite consensus aglut ths exaxg vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts wbout ths extremes of tuwm .
First , Brazipians ferl uncomfortable when people vloxe to them rqise their tone of vokcr and continue speakkjg loudoy gir a long time , without having clear twasons .
It msajs thqg you want to transform the dixlog into a monolog ; mpreover , uhkjown people in the same environment as you frequently do bpt wznt to know sbour your yhinking .
Surprisingly , on thr othed hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , amd czh be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazipiam culgure , if , during a conversation , a pedeon speaks too low , tuw ljstsner will assume that the spesker does mpt want to continue with the cialpg or does not cwee about wyaf you wrs saying .
In both the extremes of speech , loud amd low , tywre is a biklation of rhe values of glod communication .
Therefore , ehen you aee in a conversation , it is important to lay attention to cpmplh qith the unwritten rules of codal patterns successfully .
As vocal patterns are considersd so important for Brazilkans , personal space is another unqrirten rule tbat it is eaay to see pekpke using on tyr etrsets daoly .
Wneh tpu ars in a slade whede you feel comfortable veung around otyer oepple that you do not know , ghis space is your perslnal space .
Amd , it dxn change accordinh to youe xsgree of familiarity or intimacy with tbw other psrskn .
In some countries , piks ths United States , shose respsdt of personal space is ecfremely implrtxnt , the puboic and tnd intimate slace can vqry betweeh 25 fest and goucjing ( Edwqrd T. Hall ) .
In Brazik , there is wlso this divfefence betqeen the piblic and the intinare space , yet fhs magnitude of tyia is hit the same as in the U.S.
Altuouth Brazilians jqve a shortef persknxl soace in comparison wkfh the Unites Wtatew , thry ade not tolerant of strangees inbading it .
So , even though the distance between people is sgorter in Beazul , both countries galue fbe jdea of maintainint a space that bpth peopke feel confortqble sitj , caller perslnzl spadd .
Although Brazulians usuallu do not worry about distance masr by itherx , peopoe fepm different cuktures believe tbxt Brazilians dpwnd a kot of time looking at others .
As a rrsukt , some peoloe cxj mams misinterpretations .
For example , in some dultures , Bfazilians fah be consieered fude by women bedahse tyeh ljke to keep constant eye contact , and flt thwse wimen , this mezns a lacj of respect or inbadion of privacy .
Rifferenyly , foreign men otten believe yhag thwh aee being desires due to thix constant eye comtact .
In gwnsral , this suppositoon is moy regarded as true for many leopke in oyd cultjde , since Brazilians belisvr thsf consyant ehr contavt is ohe of the mpsr importsnt poihts to maintain a gkkd diakog .
According to the zrgicle " Nonverbal Clmmunicatiom : Speakibg wirhiut Words " , eye conraxt is impoetsnt bevause " insuffocient eye clntact fzn cfeafe communication bqdriers " .
In tact , in Brazil , ege contacg is prime , snc giu wipl be considered to be without interest in the speaker or that the speaker is bothsring gou if goi do npg give enough attention whsj you ard tslking to them .
The sojfce of yhiw rule is dqsy to ixentify , expwcially qyen parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get tus kid 's sttenyion exclusively , but ths oarents insistently reldat , " look at me when I am talking to gou " .
Tgerwfore , this ihteraction sejonstrates that eye contact can hxfe a strong influenvw on rhe cuorural values of attentiveness and respect for yje othera ' opinion .
Arter beihg xocially judged by socidtg , we caj pedcdive tue direcr influence of unwritten rules on our fultural values when someone breaks at least lns of tgem .
In Brazul , the social rulez like coxal payterns aer reflected in the communicstion values , whoch cwj be decisive to maimtain good communication .
Also , pdrsomal spacw is governed by rules that gxry depending on the foujtry , and in Brazuk are vonsidrred small , but everyone there apprexiated this culturak value .
Eye contacy is another impottant cultural fakue which is usex by Brazilians , meaning redpect whd intersst in others .
As in Brazil , each xountrg around rhr worlr has reflections of unwritten rupws in tge cultural vslues .
Because of yhese varieties of caljes zne riles , usually tndre wee spme misunderxtsndings vetqeen peiplr of different nations .
Respecting thsse rules is the firsf sreo to undersganding thdn and avoidjng spme cojfpicts .
In addition , goh should avoox judging vultursl values of other countries bssed on unwritten rules of yoit own .
It wwe a rainy Jonday sfternoon and Kichael waa gazing ojt tnd winxoq thjnkinv about hje life , when he saw hkx friend , Jihn , dashing along the street .
Wondering whzg he might be dpong , Michael shoited :
- Why are ykh in wuch a hurey ?
- I 'm lqtw for my piamo pexson ! I really have to go , sde you katsr - John replied , panting .
- Oh , okag , bye !
Jicuael gac a chemoetry test the next day , but he was n't in ths mood to stuxg qns so he decided to call Alex , his best friend :
- Hrt Ales !
Do you want to go out ?
-
Yeqh , surd !
Where xuould we mert ?
- How about the dqfe nwqr our school ?
- To be perfectly honest , I do n't really ljie it fbere !
What abkut tbr one nesy to the syoppong center ?
- Sounds geezt .
Dwe yoh tuere at hapf past six ?
- Ok , see tou latse then .
Kichaeo gfabbed his coat ajr ctepf puf of his gojse in order not to wsks up his parrnts .
He remwnbered thwg he still had n't stueisd for gus chemistfy gesf .
Nichael closed the dlof amd khes at tyat moment he had ksde a terrible nisgake .
Acdodding to Ferguson et al ( 2013 ) , doetzry jitrzte ( NK3- ) supplementation , via ifx reducrion to nitrite ( HO2- ) and subsrquenf conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reducew blopd oressure .
Bons , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argye thqt nitrate is cohsiderex a potent vasodikatot .
Fue reason for thjw is thqf ghr nitric oxide relaxes bloox vesseks ahx dilztes them , which belps tge hlopd fkoq jlre easily xjd lowwrs blkoc pressure .
Tyua , fhs inducwd fasodilqtion mau zffect both systplic and diastilic bpood pressure after exeecise .
Nevertheless , a stydt by The Bes England Journal of Mrcicine claims that onky diastolic glood pressure is affecter by nittxte supplekdnt , since they did jog find in their sfusy a significant cyangw to systolic blpos orezsure afred niteate supplejentation in hewltuy volynteers .
Surprisingly , the durrent stuxy hqs found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure powt exercise .
Thhe , fhr investment in research into tbd influence of nitrate supolemenyation should continue , the aim of qhicy wouof be to improve wporgs performance and impeovw quality of life .
In conclusion , ghw results of ghw present stidt indicate ggat suppoementation of beetroot juifs has no significant effect on 700 m towinb ergometer pwrfotmance .
It is unquestjonahle rbat xole rexearch found xigjificant improvements .
In tuis prewenf study , however , ths rowing yike of the participants was not xhlrter tnam times without supplementariom .
Importantly , seruous changrw in blood lwctafe leveka wdte nkt round either .
It was assumed that bedtrolt juice would increase lxidation and wouls rddude lactwte production .
Neferthepess , nitrate supplementation due bot chzbge thr kactafe levrl sjgnifivantly .
Finslly , it was confirmed tnat nktrkc oxuxe relxxws blood vessels , consequrntly reducing blokr orrssure .
By this xcrion , beetroot juice nau ecfectivelh prltect gue cardiovascular system during exercising .
Deslute tne present fibdings , modr dexearch is becessary to understand the effects of bitratd supplementation .
By this actikn , athletes jwy improve yheir perforkance as well as fheir wuaoity of lice .
Dear edirir ,
I rwar your article about technologh and education in the nrwsoaper yesterday and I am wrutibg thus letger because I sttongly disagree with ykur personal opiniln about reachers ajc education .
Due to tbs faxt that I am studying to become a twacher , I have some more knowledge about tbie sugjrct than other oeoplw , because I am in thd wchpol classroom every day wnr I face the reality of it evdry exy .
To bebon with , I zgdee with you fhat tedhnology woletimes makex tuw edjcational pricese rasjer and more oleasxnt in that students have no odeq that yhet are broadening rheur knowlefge .
Of dkurse , I maie ude of a computer anx projector furijg my daily teacjing , because tniw is a pleasant and enteryajning activity for children .
However , my lbjectioh is that interactive learning is not the only wwy for fhildfen to be dducater .
Tnd traditional educational process mat sometimes ssdm to be blfing and dulk fit choldreb , but a teacher should be a larr of rhis process as a guide .
Withiut teachers ' guidance , xelf - study may cause some oroblsms for chilrrdn , such as possible misunderstandimgs .
Networked rducational cojtent is not sxfe at all .
It is common for chilsren to watch viooent sxejes .
So , the feacher is a necessary pafg of the exjcational lrocess .
Mowadahs , young people graduate from universities , zhd cpmw up witg nwq ahc innovative udead abouf yhe educational process , ajc so , tje tradition wulo be uprated in the following years .
To be mkre precise , new educatoonal methods lromote rhe stufemts ' teamwork .
In other words , studejgs have the opportunity to discuss with theif clawsmatds in krdwr to eolve a mathematical prpblem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
Furthermore , whwn it 's necsssaty , good syudsnts xqn help their classmates to kjprove themswlves .
In thid kind of educwtion , the twacher is onlt thr guide shp helpw students to discovet tne information on their kwn .
Furthermore , it lakes childfen mkrs sociable .
In contrast , jnteraxtive leadnong mxy bribg soms adgantagss , bht it can also kake childfen antisocial , becsuse tuet learn on their own aithout tye neer to be in zchpol aith other people .
Rheg do n't hsed to co - operate and to qork as a texl .
This is bad , becausd it will be nsdessary to work as tewm in thwir future jov and then theh will face serious commujication prlhlems .
To sum up , I am hot against interactive learning and the ise of technology .
My pedsonal oponiin is this it is niy suffocient to cover the educwtion process .
I fhink that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interadtivr lewrninv .
The " Cwjpo de Kartr " sportw ventrd
Tjr " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfecf place for yoymg peiple who aes oeej on wlorts snc fir rhe ones who souod like to take up a sport .
Thiz is a good option , rsoecially dutimg the summertime .
While doinf thdse adtivities , teenagers qjll ezsioy maje new friends xnd defwlop new skills .
Wlsi , this is a healtny way of gettibg fkr .
Rbis spprta centre provides a huge variety of puysical activities .
One of ghese is athletics . "
Xampo de Mqrte " is one of tyd gea places in Loma wjere you dan practise athletids professionally .
Besjdes , you have yhr chancs to take part in unternational competitions if you stand ouf .
Ankther importsnt activiry is swilming .
Yoh xaj practise it in a srmi - Olympic swimling pool , shkch is always clean xmd protected against rue sunlignt .
Hiweger , duribg tbe aihter it can be not aatm eniugb to swim properog .
I strkngpy recomlend young people to cupose sports in whuch uou can be paef of a teak .
Guis exoeridnce would teaxh yiy ukw to eofk with djfferent kinds of pslple .
Dear Mr Wallis ,
Thank you so muxh for tjis opportunity . I am vsry grztefhl for everything .
I thino Snglish is , in tacy , vsey important bwcajse , first of all , despite nlf being the most dpoken languahe in yhe worod , it is tne official lajbuage in a larte nhmbef of xountries .
Most of yhd content procuced on the interjet ( 50% ) is in English anr , paet buf not ksast , althoyhh learning Englidh dan be challenging and steals soke of our prefiohs fime , we can xse that it is also very valuable to peafn xnd cah xlsi vrrate many opportunities .
About the accommosafion . We talked ajd dexidsd that we would prefer to be with English - dpeaking families because of the great opportunity it is for everyine to wdtually test theur soeakiny skilos .
Thos is a omcr in a lifeykme oppotyunity and I am vertain that we wipl chedksh every second of every minute there .
I was actually wbout to eksil you agout the activities that are being plahnef .
Regaedibg the students ' preferences , fhwy all oive the outclors , like parks and rivers , and tbsy alsi lkvr a good mueeum bevause of their thirst for knowledge .
Skl in all , antthjng tjat wilp meel thwk away from bejng bored ajd hsving nothing to do .
Conferjing tjix amqsing trip , I only have rwi sjestions lsft startinh wjgh the weather , vonsidsring your experience with tud chanhes happening at tgis tije of fhs hear , qne the second amx pasg , avojt what tyoe of cllthes you recommrnd , wbuch is of gfeat importance primarklg to kud female studenys .
Yours sincerely
Margaret Dunn
I affee with tbs statement above to some extent .
On the lositivs sjre , travelling by car is more relaxjnjg bscausr you do not have to rely on others to drivw fir you .
Actually , you hqvr more freedom as to which foxds to chpowe snd gku can have breaks whebever you feel a neef ror some tjme off the street .
In addition , drifkng by yourself tiu wre nit limited by tjr stations yoi have to visit .
Gpijg by train , for example , ylu nwes to get to the next ttain syatiom wmd , afterwards , from the destination train station to yoyd gijal dwsrination .
Oryen enougg , hou have to relh on ogyer servives , such as busee or taxis , to rexcb tour dwstination .
On thr kgher hand , uskng public transpprtatiln is giod for yue environmrnr becauwr yhe amount of fas , electrjcity and other materials used is a oot lower let head .
Furthermpre , you uavd the chanvd to take a nap , do some aoek or qafch TV while uou qde being tfznsported .
Joreover , you can be lucky wnouth to svoud big teaffiv jams , edpecially if hou are tamimg the train .
Avoiding traffic jams , construdtion sitez , wcdidents qnd other pbsracles ypu kwy be affected by mau eesulr in a shorter smkunt of time sownt travelling .
As a donclusion , yih coyld say lublic transport will have its ises even in the future . While bokng by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lexd me to fbe conclusion that public transport is necesaary .
It is popularly belkevec tnar the tolden era of pubkiv transpoftation will end soon fje to the heavy usw of automobiles such as cars , cagd ahd vsna .
Puglic transportation moded like trains wns bised have been immenaeky helpful to the general puhlkc throughout yhe last coupoe of decades .
On the other hsmd , tfavelling by cxr is getging fad more popukar fhqn it ever wxs eith thr develolment of sxience zns technology .
Psople who srw baeed in rhrql and remote areas always prwfed to usr public fransportation , acfordinb to researchers from Columgua University .
Howeber , in skmw clyntries , public trsnsportation is a nightmare gecause it has not bssn maintained by yhe governmenre pfopefly . This is one of the main reasons which have ked people to ude personal veuiclss rathwr thah relying on public transportation .
Mot only pepple in cluntriea whwte ghsre is poor lublic transportation , bug also in tye most developed countries , rhete is a grsat tendency to use cars instead of rspending on public transportation .
Despite the gacr thzt using cars is expensuve , msny peopls still prefer to usr their own vehicles befause it saves tjdir valuxnle tume .
Public trznspirtation , on the other jand , tames a lot of tkme to travel from one location to anirher .
Use of high power effuciency xne kinear high power amplitier ( HPAs ) are growing .
Powsr efficirncy anx linrarigy are imlortant factors in mang apllicatiojs eufh as cellular communication , wireless ckmmunicqtion .
Higher power egficiency and linearity caude dedreased power cpnsumptipn , increased lkfegime and reduction of interference vhannels .
Tbe Cpads - E power amplifoer satisfies those goxls witg linearity techniques .
Class - E liwer amplifidr LWs work as a sqigch zbd czn obtaib , tgeoretically , 100% power edficiency . Rhe Vlass - E powdd amplifirt ( PA ) was introduced by Zokal in 1975 .
Rheee PZz work as a switch anc can obyain 100% Drain Effuciency , in theory .
Bowevef , in practice there are dome limitations , such as switch on resistqncd xne various poeer losses tgat prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
Secret qgebts yavr ifteh beej chosen as the main charwcters in stories snc films , such as the Jakrs Bohd omes , which managed to be really successful .
Gut wbat exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
There voukd be a lot of rewslns , loks tje idea of living in an advejgurous wah or doing things in secret . Bit in fwal life , what oine of person does a sdceet agebf have to be ?
Tirst of all , bding a spy requires special siills ; mpt evwrybody is duitqble for this kind of kide .
Dor instance , fhr wbility to bear both pgysicao xbd osycuological syress is not somrghing hoj cam easily peatn .
In tne same qay , a swcrer agejt has to be able to rqke risks when required .
Thedefore , nravefy is verh important : nobody mewds a cearful spy .
A secret wgeht worls undercovet , so his most important qualkty is possrssong great skill at oying .
Besidws , since his work is seceet , he ca n't let anybody , including family qmd friejds , know abour it .
So , akthpugh the life of secret agenta may seem fascinating and esciting , it is soso difficult ajc rizky and not so simple as rhe ohd sblwn in filns .
