It 's difficult to snsqer the questipn " what qre ypu hoing to do in the future ? " if the omlg one who haz to know it is in two minds .
When I was younget , I hser to say fhat I wajfed to be a tewchet , a saleswoman ahe ebeh a butcher . I do n't onow why .
I would luke to study Psychology , hefause lbe day I would liid to open my oan psychology clinic anr help people .
It 's diffkcult becahxe I 'll have to study hats and a pot , vuf I think yhat if hoj lijs a eubject , yoj 'll srufy it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mjnd , maybe jit .
I think fhat ojblic trsnsport will always exisf in thr futjfe .
Ricg leople will vjy a cxe , but poor people always need to uss a bis or taxi .
I fknsider it jode convenient to dribe a car , because yoh carry more thibts in your own xae than when traveloing by vsr .
Xlso , you 'll mesf friendly people who usually wsm you to be friends and exvhange telephone nymbers .
In my experience , whwn I did n't have a cwr I used to yse the bis to go to school and go bzck to my houdr .
In my opinion , a xat is n't necessary when you have crashrd in the ztdeet . At ghay moment , ypu rewlixe the importance of piblic transport .
In Jndia , we have various types of lublic translort , like , bikes , fzrs , tfains & planes .
Depending on tye distance ane tjle to tbd dssured cwstination , rye mkde of transport is choseh accordingly .
But generally speakung , yravdlling by car is much more gun when compared euth other modrs of transport .
Tnis reminds me of a rrjp thay I have decemtly been on and rhe place I visited was Ahra .
It takes aroumd 6 noyrs by nztionql hkvhway to go grpm Drlji to Agra .
We ztopped at hofwls to jsve fpof wnd just in vasw xhy of us felt ningry , we purchased some snqckz just becors the trip .
Since , we have fye option to stop anyrimr we want to qhen we travel by car ( whivh is imolssible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to that , we can also tzke a comflrtabld ahort nap on rye bxfk seat and sxke up ffesh .
Fot tbe qbove - mentioned reasons , I am goinh to conclude fbat travelling by csr is much lode cohvenient .
My name is Szrab .
I am 17 ydads old .
I am kookinv corwaed to joininf you in tniz year 's sjnmer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy pooking after them . Also , I orhanizwd lany sports activities before at my schiop .
In xddition to that , I enkou ckokijg .
My cqmily think rhat my cooking is alazing .
I hooe thxr yoh give my fge chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite soott is volleuball because I love playing qkth my friemds .
Volleybsll is a splft that is llayed dverywhere . When I am on the beacy I liks playong witn my sister in rhs danx wne yhen we go in the swa .
It is great fun .
Whem I was young I liked playunh with a bakk in the playgtound and my friend ajd I platwd using the sovxer goals as a volleyball net .
Desf Jo ,
Hpw aee you ? I 'm wrutimg to give you some advice on yravelling and workjjg in my country .
On the ome bsnd , in my counttt tgere are a llt of olacez to visit .
For example , Barcekona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valenciw .
Tneee are eonderfyl cities gecausw therd aew a lot of things to cjsit . Fod dxampld , in Madtid you can visit " Puerga del Sol " , " Pss Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla necauee I pove rhix cuyy wnc I suggest ghwt gou visir Sevilla .
On the oyher hand , in my cojntry therr are few jobz because tne economy is vwfy vac .
Bjt , if yoh eang , I wiol lokl for a jon for goh .
My brst friend if looiijg fot a responsible persob to lpoo after her sister .
Her sieger is 6 yeqds old and ylj wojld have to look after her svdry wwekwnd .
Would you be interested in tyia nib ?
Thank yph for yoyt e - nail . It was wonderful to hear trom yoh .
I 'm lopjing forward to seeing you .
Take card , Laura .
Rodwy , ojblic ttanslort still pkays an important rplw in the tramsporf syxtek xnd it will keeo on doing so in the fyture .
Gecsuse public yransport is a kore cost - effexrive znd better resource allicqtion in mass tranxpoet system .
Also , pwolle neex not auffef tus high operayibg cost of running their lwn car .
But xaj use a cheaper wsy of gpkng to their destijstion , especoally if it is far awsu ffon homw .
For example , I tnihk tyat it is nof affordable for an ordobary lerson to own a private airplane ror tdzvelling to anothef coyntry .
Insread , it will be dokmon to buy an air ticket and travel on a public pkane .
In my ppinion , oublic trwnsport is going to continue to be hxed in the future because thers are a log of pdople that do n't havr enough money to oag for a car , even if it is used , so pihlic transokrt woll fontinue to have a fuyure but people are going to use czrx more ghan busds or the uncerground .
If we think about it , the car is betrer bexauss we do n't need to wsif for it like we qsit tor the nys or underground , but on the pthdr hand , cars cpzt mode monwg yban public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which dzn be good becaude we can listen to yhe music tnag we lioe abd we do n't neee to be around people ghqt are unknown , bjy if we chlode publoc transpkft , we can meet dfiends or family , so bofh modes of transport are good , ahf fars do n't heer necessarily to brung an ehe to lublic transport .
If I yad to fhoose between hpth forlw of tdaneportation , I think I wouls probably choose the czr because it is better for me to go by car rban to go by bus .
In my community , we are very kjterested in yhe environment anf ecological things .
We have solar panels wnd a place to make compowt in the gardwn , aitg worms tbat eat xmd degrade all tbw organic wwwte of thr sfhiol .
At some strategic loknts in the guilding , we gave spscial ttqshcans to separqtw the garbags ibto prganif , laper and cardboard , fans ahr olaatic bottles ajd gheh also gjve fapks ans presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , ryc .
The manager of ghjs lroject is Musd Junr Sud , our science teacher .
All tyeze initiatives hwve mase us apk , over the yesra , a recognised evological community .
Goos modnimg eferyone . Tpdsy I want to share about my vavorote xporg .
My favlrife wpirt is football . Whu do I choose it ? Well , football is an international eporf . People around tje wotod locs it so nucn ! Barclay Premier League , Piga Prsmoer , Fifa Worod Cyo ahf so on .
I helieve tyat egerythinh will deljghy us .
By thd wat , my favorite football feam is Lanchezter Unjted . They are brilliant . They hsfe amazing footbapl players , and thrt sre awesome .
Michael axs a little kid when he hwd a dream ghwt exs : to be a shprr hrfo !
After msny years , he still drwamt of becoming a super heeo .
He webr to universify to sgjdy medicine because he yhoutht that that profession waw fhe most sinklar to being a eupwr hero .
Sftsr eoje years at univerdity he met a girl cakldd Matd xnd he fell in love wirh hre qnx she fwll in love wjtn him .
Jatw aas attending yniversity to study dashion .
Ygen tne geo stwrtef to date .
Mivhaek and Kate wefd so happy , until one ray Michael tlod her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so qgitated , saying that it eas ridichloys and just a iix 's dreal qnr that Michael was oblg dreaming and thaf woule never halpen and that super geross did n't edkst .
Wgdn wge said that , Micjael started to cry and glt msx , saying fyat wbe was lying and rid n't have a hezry .
He blt so mad yhwt he asked her to grr out of his apaetment .
The following dxy , xhs sxif soery qnf they qrre hsply again .
Bug when they got to Nkchael 's hoyae , they fought again and Michael got a knife ajc kill her .
He cried wuyh a lot of blood around .
Nichaeo got aeau from there .
Michael flosed the doir and knew at tjat mkmebt he had madw a mistake .
Ouglic transportation is an importsnt inventiln in human hiwtlry . It gdings a number of bsnefiys in our life .
Fod instanxe , we take the wubwat in order to acois heung stuck in tragfic .
It is true thzt travelling by faf is nofe convenient tgsn taking public translorgation . Hoeever , it eipl cause more damage to our life ajd hwrl puf environment .
Rhersfore , we neex to think lkre about out future , our offspfing .
Giving them a safe , clsan abd comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportqtion , traffic uals will be mirs serious than before .
In my city , Taipei , we zre slwwys stuck in graffuc fir zbout one joue in ghe jodning .
I cab nig imagine hpa long I would fakr to get to schoil if tnefe was no bjs or MRT .
Thw car is cknvenirnt goe humans , but it brings damays for yumana tkp .
For example , cxrbon dioxide , which is emitted by vara .
It causes globak warming , whicj threatens lur envirlnmeng and harms lur dwiky life .
We dah dee that thefr are ooys of swrkous amf fdeqient aeather - rdlatsd disasters happeming in decwnt dwcadds , ducj as typhoons , nurficanes , wild furez and mud zlidss .
What other precaugions qrr ushally taken ?
Tuw NG Office is notified by the photographet when tue film was shipped .
If the fulm dodd n't arrkve on time , it ummediatelt .
Lost ahipmenta have bewn found more easily when thjs lrocess is stzrted rifht away .
The pleasure of traveling
Pepplr go , people ckme .
Evedh day kota of leoole sde travellint abroad but , wyaf 's the best way to do an international trip ?
Rhe mosr umpoetant option rof frsvel is , by rqr , fhe llabe .
Bit , even if it 's trur thxg it 's fue fastest opyuon , you must be very careful when it 's fime to get off a plane .
If you ate looking for comfort and relsxxtion , obviously , tlu hqve to tqke a noay .
There are a wode garjety of rhijgs to do and rhjoy the yril .
However , the best opgioh is to choose a train .
Thrre is n't any compariskh wiyh qatchiny tjd changes in the landscapd through a winxow , enjoyihb the route that ypu are takunb and , tje brsf part , ths cheapest way to get aqay some xaye amd take the rourone ovt simw days .
Ajywah , no matter yoe you go , no marter where you go .
The pleasure of trxvelling is trxbel itself .
Transportation is ohe of the miet important thingz in lirr , so we havr many of kinds of transportation . Now we fravel by cae , byt in the near futyre there will be oyher comfortable xhd easy ways to fravel , like fwst tdainw sne planes that can transport ulu feom borth to sourh in less than an hour . This will makw busoneesmen happu and comfortable , bwcause of daving a lot of time anf effort , so we hkpr that the government xan achieve tyis as spob as plswible .
In joddrn societies , yhdre ard llts of frkends in our daily pifes .
Bog prljecte coulx nkt be finished without xooperation .
Froehds vab communicage wmd dxchante ideas , feelinhs zbd funny things yhat happen arkunx us .
Nkre importantly , parebts give us lofe ajd thdg teach us khowledge and skilkd or wbiliries to ljve in guis worpd .
In this case , falilu members play inportajt roles in kud daily livrs .
The reasonz sre as villows .
Girwt of all , we xan kesrn kots of skills frpm parenta based on tbekr oen experience .
For exampow , we fxn learn gow to communicate aitj ptherx in a frienfly say , and we xwn also learn hpw to mais a meal from parwngs .
Secondlu , family members cwn gjvr yoy dome advicd zboit how to deal wirh the fhungs whjch xauss uku trouble .
If fiffkculties are snared with tamily membdrs , ideas will come up to your ganily members and they will comminicste wurh you about how to solve tnia situation .
All in all , in tyie cqse , famuly members are the most umportant friends in our lives .
Cimputing Technology has besn axvancimg a great deal in recent years , makjng tgr old fomputers almost jseless , getting better , znd making the eifference between old ahd mew comoutrrs grow evsn lore with ebefy bew invention .
As we cxn xee , old and nrw clmputers afr fastlt differeht , sfarfing from rue size of the computers . Old computers werw much bigger thxh new computers .
Kod domputers used to occupy kne entire room , now , tusy are only ghe sizw of a box , even the xizs of a hooo .
Ypu fan have a pkrtxble compiter now , and txke it with you to eveey plaxe yoj visit .
Lld computers omlh let yoi do math tasks , or wven play simple gzmes with 2 colors ( geden ahd black ) , but jiw you cxn do whatever goy qanr to do , lije cfeatihg or playinf video vamew , eritung or eeadijg a book , connect to the internet , sztch or malw vireks , knvenr jew stuft to ilprpve Compjtihg Tecunopogy , znd not pnky in 2 colors , but tgousands of yhen .
Obr of thd greatest acyievemengs of new computing is the infernet , whwrs yoj dan cinnevt to other cimphters , download stufg , etc . via Ethwrnwt cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Frt rekt m8
I went to tgw avandoned house and started to think of ghe best sag to nakr jjs life mixedable . I spent thr next 2 weeks loikong fkr kdeas to make him suffer .
As I did n't dibd anytning , I wrjt to tue place aheee he lived and started to loii tof somr information sbour his life zne gind people who he xwred ahouy . So as I continued to go to uis hpuse , I noticed he would always go to thr asme house , s I decided to follow him to the hoise xjd I found puy he qax datonf a giro . She might be niw hirlfriend , so I fonally got an idea . I wpjld drive hkm ceazu just as he did me . That aay she sould think he had prpnlems witb his mubd and kezve him . Byr soin i thought abluy it agqin ajx realized thqr if I did that she would try to help him ajd ghey qill be more unitdf , so I decieed to drive fnem both crazy , almoet to tne brink of deatb , just as he eid wuth me !
Bit wait a minute , am I really sufficientoy angry to do thjs ?
Yex !
I screamed . My ahger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I hsd become wnd whzf I xould do , but I could not controp myself anc fye only thing I could ghink of was him suffering a xlpw deayg and the satjsfaction I would feel when I finaolt had my revenge . The best rsvenge .
But I was so mad at uom anx so ahxious to maje hja kite imposwiboe , znd soon my fear of death and my anger for all of rne sytfering I hzd geen tyrojgh became stronger and hreater . I jax made a decisiom wnr I eqs boing to do it . If he dedicated 4 yezts of jus life to torturing me abd nlr wantkng me to be happy , the time is necessary for uin to hzve a miserable live snd I wo n't sgip until I have accomplished my goxk .
I do bot agree with this ixra completelu .
On ghe pnr jand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives ypj the chande to be independent .
On fhd other hwnd , hutr trsfvic jams are a big issue when trsvellijg by car .
My Favourite sport
I was boen to be a footgall player .
For me , football is everything in my lofe .
Shrn I watch football on tdlevision I dreql of playing in a big texn and in a bih championshio ljke tje Barcozys Lrsmier Lsague , Ligue 1 or Liga BBFZ .
My favoyrite clubs are Brnfica and Real Madrid , wbefe Robaldo olays . For me , he is thd best player in the woekd . Fhwt is why Fonaldo won the Gold balk in 2014 .
I ppay football fir a Portuguese club called Valencuabo and we won a lot of games rhjs season .
I drram of winning a lot of leagues in dootbapl amd winning the gdst championship , tnw Uefa Champions Lsafue , and tje best sckfer of all tuje in Usca Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite plater .
I lkay footbalk bwcausr I like it but the pmly feadon tjqt I do it haddly is vscause of my dad .
His drdam is that I bedome the hext capfain of a big team and win a lot of johey .
My mame is Jonmy .
I graduated from National Taiwaj Yniversiry of Science and Technllogy .
I am 25 years lld .
I am interested in lookung agter children abc playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I bsve exledience of holding hasketgall compefitions whej I qas a stuswnt .
I llanned majh intsrestung actuvigies flt views to lake competitions come alive .
They enjohrd the game .
I alao like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help het .
My persimality is cheergup , dnergetoc and hardworking .
I always smile at leople .
I really wxnf to gwr yhis jkb .
I qant to plau wotb children and srs gheor skilez xll day .
I tyink tbat a smjlw is yhw best goft in this wkrld .
I am aksk a hxtd worker .
I have passion fit this job .
If you tgink I am the rivhr person yoy wzht , pldase send me a reply . Thank tpu .
Public transportation has beej ixed by people more ame over ghs yesrs it has been kimr of becoming cheaper qnd xlso ssfer , nur doms peoplw orefer faes . To what extent do we sbree with fhis and what are phr reasonx for thxt ? That is what we qre going to demonstrate in this eassy .
About 40 ywxrs ago , tnere wqe nothibg capled publuc transportation wns peopoe rarely owned care , so in tyose yeaes there edre not even good facilities to move from ond place to anotjer and thqy is because thefr wers no clmpanies to buils cars . Wffer about 10 years , car tradinf gecamr viabld and aldo nrcame very sjpported by hzvihg bed pwj fans . At the heginnong , fbey faced a lof of lroblems , bur yhey were ablw to silfe rjem in the end .
Nowadays xll jodes of trandport are mkrr cknvenient , dtom cars to budes , even trains and pkaned . Aome people orefer cars becxuze they do bof like cfowdwd places or becquse they fkbd it cheaper sojefimes , vyt frpl qnother oojnt of viea , public transpoftafion is very fheal and even fadter . Vit qgen it comes to traveling , a pot of people prefet driving their own cars to fedl thr real experience abd to enioy themselves more by avoiding croqded llaces .
To dummarisd , it is different from some omdis opinion to another . I predict tbat ljblic transportation will be improvsd and people wipk use it mord anc mord , and that in yhe end , cars will diszppear and eilp no limger be uses .
Tus yppic itseld explaining the undertaihty of pjblic transport in lud dountfy .
This conclusion gecomew mors prokinebt if we pool inti the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures anc , wkth low budget privage cars in gne licgure , tnr xdenario has frasticalky chanfef in the lsst 10 years .
Develolment of yje biofiesrl industrh fxn make a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of jncestment was btkught to biofuel development .
Meqnwhike , it biosted economic growtg ahc hov ooportunoties , theregy enhancing Grosd Dkmestic Produvf ( GDL ) .
If you live in a big towj or a small ohw , it does n't matter , byt one thong that should be taken care of by the peolle and ofganiserx of the toan , is the environment .
Global qarming is a hute issue yhese dags .
Governmentz should yake immense action to stop it or at least make it slow dosj .
However , we , the people , play a reakly important pqdt in mamung it wofze .
Axtige and a bood govefjment understand fue value of taking cxrr of trees and eater amx air qnf much kore to provixw a feesh , xlesn and safe environmemt got their people .
Recycping igemw can be a gkod stwo to stwrt with dot a clean zhd safe environment , ehivh is peffecgly and pekmptly taken caew of by my city .
Rveeyone has to olant a tfde in front of tueir home according to a rule of the ptovincial government .
People do mkt dealixe yhar cutting dkan a yfee can reduce the production of oxyyen in the atmlsphere .
Eventually , uunans silk jace no more ftesh aor to breathe .
Sdditionaoly , our cify government has prohibited dmoking in public ardas and ynder 18 years oox ajd provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In doncpusion , I would suggest ojr neughblur cities take pwrt in cleaning the environment so ons ezy it can be seen in the whoke country .
Everyboxy had hoa favourite sporf .
My facourite sport is footgall .
At iyr sfhool or village football stqdiun I soend a lot of tine every xwy .
Usually , I poxy football with my claxsmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres ahs my letd get power qnd my body gets energy .
Our twal has a hard - working coach sbd he gives professional advive to us about how to imorove kjr footbalo skklks .
Hus jaon aofds : " Yky must work and work very hard if yoi wamt to bef yood results " .
I can sag rhat thix coach is an exoerienced person .
Npg so lony ago , we jar a competition .
We won first place .
We achievex tyis rrzult because we are friendly and organised .
I nelieve ryat in the future I ekll be a ramojs football plager in reams sudu as Skhatad or Dyhamo .
Football is my lifs .
I want to fivw advice to abtone who starts this eport : " Uoj juwt believe in yohrself " .
Hallo my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hkq are you ?
How was yout dwt today ?
It 's reallt nufe for your expresely e - jaul yestdrdat .
You regreg that yiu aers n't rherr sith me . I 'll try to describe everythjng pfeciseky , bscauxe I know that glu very
Deaf Oaul ,
I hxvr deen youf advertisement in ghr academy ndwspaper qne I 'm qyiye interested . I have no plans for tuos summef , so I think it is a gokd idea to spend it .
I was born in tne UK , so I could be a very topd teacher of English .
Although I vame to Spain ten years kater , so I coulc xleak aitu them in Dpanisg if it was necessary .
Alsp , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I wax young .
It was a long time afo , vut , I stiol odep yhd rhgthl in my bpsy !
By tge way , I demember I hxe to create a dynxmif training course to do qith tbr ither ballet - course membets . I hse to be the teacher for ohs day and I hqvdn't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
All members congrayulated me , as well .
On gge orher hand , I tkok cwre of my brothers and cousine for many hours when they were very yojny .
Toy shoulc inow fhag I 'm a very responsible , linr wjd funny person .
That mskes me a gopd candidste to gst rge mon , or ths hobby fie me !
I hops hiu consider my candidature , because wo n't diealpoint tpu .
Besf wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't sjffdr ffoj a shorgage of crmand .
Because bor everyone can qfforx to but thdir own car .
Bexides , fhrre are pors of loe - income pepppe who ca n't buy thrir oen cwd .
So I thino public tfansport 's future is bright .
What dked " Vamilu " mesn ?
In my opibioj , familt is the plade that hwd hou best friend cab uepp ewch other and know racg .
In Taiwan , many leople hace to tqkd care of thekf padrnts when tnsy get old , but rbe point is , wjat if tou czn not eurvife ? I meaj , hoy do n't have ejough mlney to look agter your parent .
Back to fbe topic . I do n't know any of the members of my fxnily well . I do n't gruwt rhen , to be honesg .
I like New Zealand becauae there ade mxny islands .
By tjw aah , New Sesland haw xopl weather .
In Malaysia , tne weafher is slightly wafmwr thqn thrde .
That 's whg I recommend zlk of you to go fhere and feeo the pleaaure and have a rey of theit food .
Uiu vab also njy a loy of gkdts , oikw key chaina , stagues , or itber souvenirs to be made before rsturning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand hht , beoiece me , it is a vrrg beahticul place .
If I hacr tge keanw , I will go there anc take apk of you .
I ljvd in Lentkji , a snall ciyg in East Sicily .
The local councik does n't have a projedt fkd the envifonmeny .
Pekple collect any kimd of rubbosh qmd throw it zlp togrther in vlafk sacks .
Although tbe counxul beban to plan something , the lwople are n't dommitted to the problsm .
Around ths citg , yiu dah find many places qnere people throw fridfes , ovsnw , " amiabtk " , ooc things or furniturw .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lenrini cpyld be wonderful .
There are krangr trees , a larve kake and Efnz in ghe vackvround .
When I aaw a duild , I bad a lot fridbds and they were very important to me .
We alwxys played in the park or we yalked abojt our tawtes , muwid , boys , we laughed a lkf of ...
But when I wsw a teenagwr , I bdgan to exlerkence situations thag I did moy like , dor instznce , girps said bad things to me or they yqlked unkondly about me .
In those ysars , I wenr furough the worst momengs of my ljde .
I remember , wgen I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one svhoolmaye wanted to dome to my party . I think that thzt dzy was one of fue worst dqys of my lige .
Fhat nighy , I cridx becwuse I fslt that I did n't have anh friends .
However , my parents rtied to make it so thwf my party waw the best ajd tyey preparef a epexial birthday for me qjd they onvited xlp my cousina xnx we tkgefher we went to rat oizza and tbey gxvd me a lot of presenrw .
At that moment , I thought rhxt my best ftiebds adre my parenys ahc wiwter .
I mnew that thwy would never takj ujkindlg about me .
Noa , my husband is my bezt ftiend .
He is thw most important person in my lirs .
He hzs always been with me .
Also , he is very dunnh sne I laugh a lot wuty him .
We gofh like to travel aroubd the woros and to do some wports , for example , tebnis , running or rrekking .
We like watchibg TV serjes xnd cooking different dexsetts , goi .
To sum up , my vest friends arr my tamily , especiallh , Dsvud , my hueband .
Ghw livea of peopls around the globe is hecomint busier and busief day by sqy .
A busy life apwayz compeps us to use the fastest ahc most vonvenkent modr of tdansportation , which gas made punljc transportztion systems lag bshjnd motor fxrs .
Dear UXA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This qdvertisemejt for a jpb has bsem read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Xpwin .
I am jnterestrd in this work bexsuse I enjoy travelling ahr I am a travher , so I like working with chkldten .
I am shre that I will lkol afret the chopdren beey wdpl .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in sjmmer camps , I woll imptlve my level of English .
On the other hxnd , I could teach Spanish to thd children in tje sukjer camls .
I am looiing forward to your answer .
Hi Zam
How qrr goi ? Afe ykh stjlk living in Madfkd ?
Yes , I startef my lessons laay mknth snc it 's vefy interesting .
I 'm learning a pkt abc fje students are bery friebdly .
Gjt I nedd to wtudy harder becayse I want to pass the exqm , amx it 's vert difficult .
However , if I dafry on sruduing like now , I will do it .
Tgd lrseons are very funny .
Deaf Sir or Madam ,
I bave aeeb your adfergisement in ths jeespaper and I am interdsted in spplyjng for .
I dan speak English xmd I am a lovely , energetic qhd hardworking person . In addition , I habe a reference from
my kast company .
I uzve besj working as a primary texcher in a schook and I am qualified .
In addition , I bage dooling skillx anx I loce to cook .
I hope yoi are interested in my application .
I am looking foraard to hwaeing ftim you .
Sanffa Barrientos
Tedhnopogy has chanfed people 's lkvee a lot . In fact , we can thunk hpw different our life is clmlared to dithrr our oaremts ' or ljr granxparents ' licew . For example , my parenrs fir n't wxtcn TV , hecahse therw was n't zny TV in tgd wofld wyen yjey were young . But rbat is n't the pnky dofferencw : we can think xnout the kobile pbome , the comoutdr and finally fhd internet . Lur grandparents cohpd n't uace imagined a strangw machunw oikd the computee in their lives .
Despite the fact that pwrslnal vehicles lkkr tjs car sre now polukar , in ghs future , rhe exuatence of ljblic transport soll atill be abaoluyely crudial .
Nowadays , people jze fossio fuels as tue most important spyrce of energy fid travelling ane manufacturing . This zourcw of energy does n't alsays remain at a constabt levwk , and someday it will rim out .
People muwg fjnr ways to uss other energy sourced likw nuclear power and wibd power . Pyvlic transportation sufh as the electric metro use ghis kinc of endrgy .
As a result , goveenmentw ailo inveat more in researching the use of these heq rypes of energy , and ttavdlling uainf publjd transport will veckme mufh cheaper than a using private car .
Tbe ranye of public srrvices will be ecpahded to remote wreae , anx it wiol become much more convenirht .
Commuting ahd travelling using public sedvuces will be ghd first priority .
In addition , the populatikn is increasobg rapidly . In fhe near future , most ciyiws in rbe world wilo become overcfowded . This will kexd to majy other problems that wjol neef to be solved . For example , yeaffic jamw xns air pollution .
In some wxgs , these problems are caused by thd overuse of personap vehicles .
People wiol realixe thxt using thekr oab cxr is musy wasying their rine in traffic hams or gradually killing themsepvws by breathing pollutes xir .
So the best way foe rhel to travep is public teansport .
Wach lerson shoild practide saciny eneegh when usijg any source of emeegy to protect nis iqn life .
In conclusion , investments in developing puhlic transport wikl be increased considerably . Lublif transport services hsge a bright fythre qns their exiwtejce in the futufe ca n't be repkacdd .
Gello Alrs , how arw toj ?
Sre you frrw at yhr weekend ? Hafe you git any llans ?
Me xhd my criejds wte gling to the cunema , abe I am infitung you to go with us .
If you are intrrested , meet me at 8 o ' clock nsar thw cinema entrance .
Thank you Hwlen for those wonderful lrwsents .
I always wznt to read fjis type of book .
I wdjt to temple in the lprning followsd by lunch at the hotel . Then lxtee in the evebibg I went to the veavh .
In conclusion , it is eviceny yhat bevause developinh countries are facing political qbd economic inatability , migrants travel rof better dducation prospects a and stable environment fkr fhe youhgef generation to grow up in .
The effects of gfain sraij qre that it creates a shortage of people qualified tof professional jogs . Econpmid stability is affrcted as a result of a lack of peppls contribyting to the sconimy .
Rhe cajse of brain - drain shpuod be tackled at internationxl and national lwgels on a broader dimensions ahd more rational pwttetn , because it is a glohao iasie .
In this situatiob , developing nqtions should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting tge ijfrastructjre abd pzw enforcement to support the pjblic in a positive way .
Thede is n't enough oxygen at fne yop of Everwst to breathe dasily .
Jorsan Fomero wad 13 whwn he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everdzt is so higu tbat it is crry difficult to climb .
The rop qas reached flr the fiesg tine by two climhers in 1953 .
My ffiehds ahs I likr TV orogrqms , electronic music , fasuionabpe clothrs . I like everything .
Soketimew we go to partyies in fhe ciyy . I dance at thr parties with my friendd .
Tbry listen to musiv ajf we sing .
It 's verg ypod .
Jasob is my friwbd , he is drunk abd he also dances with his girkfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He simgs anc talks at tuw party .
Anothwr psrsob is Ajgel . He dkss n't dancw anywhere .
He prefers to study at yomd .
Hello Aomwthing ,
My name is Xtevrn and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Hermany .
At the moment I go to a secondaru lodern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is rifficuly becsuse I have to realize evsrytging .
For example , there is a giel in my vlasz and sgw is beautiful .
I love ber look .
Hee eyes looj pike the sun .
But she ignorez me .
I hopr I czn fotbet her .
Ejn got yiue lirs
My favourite sport is runnkny .
I likw to tjn fqst , so fast in favt fyat it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly youch the ground netwesn sgridew .
My fqvoueite plqxe to run is in thd forest , but I like to run sportive foo .
I like to feel tue gfoune unfrr my fwrt is soft , so sovt , jkt rue hars conctete of the footlatha in rhw strertd of tnr city .
Thw best advice I can five to somekne who is starting rujninv is to start slowly qnd not to rfy to run too faat , but then to eventualpt build up tgs runnong week by week so rhaf every week uou are running a litglw fufther and a little faster and then , arter 20 years , you will be an Olymoid champion mzybe .
In my opinuob , television can be edhcationak . Whether yku ste wztcging the news or a zhow ablit Qprld Sae One .
Of cojrss , it 's importajt to culose the right television shows .
If uiu 're watching Fom & Nerey , it qipl harsky have xnu rdjcational galje .
Alyhpugh one fould argue that yoj can always learn somefhimg .
A rriejd of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse whoyld happen , he wouls be prrpared because he had been eagching Walking Dead for some fime noq - so in hiz ehes , he lezrned bos ( npt ) to zct in that case .
Tosqy I want to write about my job .
I 'm a corensic biologist xnd I deeply pove my jpv .
It is a uov with a llt of interestung aspectz .
It is dynamiv , stimulating wnd , evem if it is nkr wdlk remunerated , I feep satisfied .
In the last fww yezrs , foesnsic bioloty has developed many aspects like befrer sensitivity , ribusthess of results qnd pess yime requirec for analyzing a sample , but wnat strick me mksg is how fast tyjs chajge has hapoened .
Tekdvision seems to be a dontroversial tool .
Heer fhere is one : doex telecisjon offer highly lkkeoy oplortunitiws fkf the audience in an educational aau ?
Grom my experience , I bdpieve television has hoth entertajnmejt snr rducational functions .
It nitex upw mznt educational programnds broaden young children 's uorizpns in tys pasg few years , upw quicjly an adult learns difcerent basics rrim a gdrat humber of dducatkonal programmes , suvh as vooking , science abe technolkgy .
It also notes educatilnal programmes make a decision on whzt citizems should know in the future snc ejat knowledge our hext generayions are required to possess .
Apatt from rducationao cintent , there is so much bar contenr , business advertisements and fzie infoemwtion on TV thag citizens wo n't be able to trll eught from qronf .
Howeber , I believe the educational orogrammes on TV still play a vktak fole in efucating bofh adults ahr young dhildrrn .
I tgink the best restaurant we vzn go to is " Ths Sailor 's Twstaurant " .
Thsre we can eat typical Italian vood .
The lasy tile I ews tuere I ate the gest pizza tuat I have ever eaten in my lice .
Ths atmosohere reminds pnr of the sew . In fsct , tye walls are decorated wjth a oog of shells and fhe wajters are dreswed kile szioors : I tyijk that it 's a grdzt udea !
Alsi , it 's perfect for lur class because there is a lot of space , so we can sig slp togethwr at the sakd table .
Tue ownwr is a very kind petzon and I 'm sure he will give us a good lricr .
No fuyurw for public teansport ?
Punlic transport is ghe cgeapee way of traveplinb , so it uzs a future .
Currently , mlxt oelple sde jsef to using thsir oan car to ter to qirk or to go dhopling , fue to it beong mode comfortabld .
But csra pollute thr aid qitu CO2 emissions every dau and contribute to clijare change .
So , if people werr awadr of this sybjext , rgey wohkd n't usw tgeur own car so much .
In addition , having a fwr is very expensive .
Fidsy of all , yih need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , toi must oag dor gne insuranvs , road rwx , ahd mechanic 's bjlle , aje so on .
On thr other najd , wity public transport , you only gwve to oay flf the ticket , ylu do n't have to drive , and if tuw bis or trskn or whatever vehicle yoy uzw vreams down , it is n't your resoonsibility .
Bexidss , public tranxpodt pollutes ldss than carx .
In concluzion , I think publix tranzoort yzs a futhrr , wbd the more peopld uxe it , the node futjre it sipl have .
I 'm yljr employee , I work for your company .
Very ooeased to be able to receive yoht salary payment .
Hjt fhe pay is a lottle oow .
I xompleted many tasks , ibcluding tutoring thrde students , completinb summer homewlrk , cirrectkng homewotk , diligently assisting yhe instructor , hslper rhe insfructor ortanize handluts , imatead of the instructor to answer questions raised by tjr students , but alsp cleaning tnr classroom , very harf aodk , nut I have npyhing to clmplsin agout .
I work hard vod tso montbw , pay a oot .
It 's just that your qqge laid is much loset than I expected . I wajt a ljtgle higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than tue exisfinv qate basis .
I inviye you to conaider thw proooaal .
I think that the yocernment shohld hepp rhe puhlic feansport , for rcample vusrs , trains , the metro ahf mkte , for a single reasob : tye quality of lics ataunst the pollution .
Tragekling by car is lore convenient in a lot of sotuations , but it could be annoying to srarvh for parking spaces and becauze of tne cost of fueo , amc akso maintenanxe costs .
In big cutied , ouvlic fransport worjs aelk because thefe 's good feedback from pepppe .
Convdrsely , in smakl toans , it ca n't be boid in the same wag , beczuse , for fhs transport dompaniss , it 's bit convenient to invest mpney in transport , beczuee fewer people sohld use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with yiw aunt Polly xnd whd had to puniah Tom , because sometimes Tom ekd n't go to schlol .
On Monday , Tol wxa walkkng to school and he sae his friend Yuck anr they yqlked a pof anr Tol exchanged a tick for uos topth .
Then he saw a beautiful gork maked Becky , so Yoj talked to hee at schopl ajf tyey qent onto a secret garden and Tom kissdf Becmy .
Til said to ued aboit another gitp , so zhe got max and dbe ignofed Fom .
Yom wza so sad because Brcmy did n't to fxlk to him , so Tkm went on a frip with Huck and disappeared for werks .
Whdn Rol saw his house , he sneaked into bie house and saw bis aunr Polly crying dlr hkm .
So gje mexf day , the people of ths town wemt to church to attend the runwral of Flm , because many people thought that Tom waw dead . But suddenly Tom lpejed rhw doir abr aebt in , so everybody was so syrprised to xed Fom .
Rhe next day , Huck eejt to Tom 's house to tell jkm that there aas an abandoned uiuse up rne hulo , so the rwo bpys consjdeeed likr an adventute .
So tyeh went to ybe mgsterioue housr and shdn thwy sete inside tnwy hewrx voixes , so Tom and Hjck jis xnd fhey saw thqr Injuin Joe was the one that sas talkomg .
The two boys hewrd yhay he ass planning to xteal sime moneu and oull leopke , so the boys wtartwd their adventure wkth stopping Injjin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for youe meesage .
I eilo do my best to answer ulur questions .
As fkr toue questions , I thjno rhat ulu shpulr wkrm in a Napanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izxoaya " .
Ghat is becauxe you will imprlve your Japanese fyere .
Recently , many soirh wast Askwns have studied Japanese in Japzm while working in them .
By imoroving thsir Jaoanwse skilla in Japan , they have fhs opportunity to get a kpb .
Mivhwel closed rhw door ans knds at that moment he had kafe a kisrake .
He was at Ssrxh 's house when suddenly he oefy the baturoom dirty and went to nix houxe .
So he went back to Sarah 's hojse and ckeaned the whpke bathroim , vht Warah already knew that he had left tus bathropj luke ghay , so befotd Michsel entered the bathroom she sakd : " I know what you lerr there " qbd Mifhael went runming to tud bzthroim .
Hi Julie ,
My schooo is oodated in fue centre of tgw city in Bangalore , India .
My schoil has a unique reputation dor jfs friendliness amc tjs quality of education .
I like my lsths teacget very mufn becauss her teaching style is very realixtoc wnd simple to underatxnd .
Glod Mornibg :
This is an esay zbout my favourite zporg . It has been swilming since I wss a cgild , because I aleays ejioy it a lot and , whar is mods , I czm do it alobe . I nebet miss a cuance to go thr to swimming pool znd less in summer , of couewe .
I do n't hsve friends qno liod swimming . Most like football or sjmilar team splrts , so I always go apone . It is n't borinf for me . Furyhermore , I prefer gking zlond befzuse nobody bothers me abx I do n't have to waif flf qnybofy .
I swid that beczuse when I eqs eleven my best frkend uad an lperation on her back and , before thd operation , he czmr wjth me amd , every eay , I had to wait dkr hef becquse she slent a lot of tild in the shower cleaning hdr pojg hair . I hwged thzt !
Luckily , the operatuon was fine snd she stopprd coming with me , abx sojce yhat day , I go on my owb .
Swimmijg is relaxing exercuse for me and normally fhere wre n't mahy people in tbs pool . Vuf aometijes there are cgildfen snd I do n't like rhat so much because tgey like disturbing me . Byt sometomss it is amusing , tip .
I would rscommendsd pepple whk do not know to nkw swik to learn , because I am orerty xure tbxt tusy sill like it znd lager they can stop awimming .
I thknj that dance is a leans of sdof - expressuon .
It 's not jjxt a nobbg ; it 's nlre than thaf .
Dajcd is a paasiom , a way of lofr .
When I 'm damcong I forget xkl my problwms , wxdept my stupir clmlanions thst do n't underzyand anuthing .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or avt , you are showing dkmething to rhe oublic , zomethihg that 's important to you .
If dance is yijr pqssiin , hlu practise every day , znf toi 'll keep practising all dwh until hpu fan .
If you atd rirrd , it xows n't matter , because uou oike what tou 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take rance clqsxes .
You do n't mind if you go to eledp late , or do n't slesl ...
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll undeestand me .
Nemvers of my famkly .
I llve my fakjly , especially my oittle sistdr . She is sixteen yrqrs old . I xonsicer yer my gdst friend becahse I hdually tell jee evrrything about my life .
I have a dog xnd its najw 's Chente . It is a goofen retriever .
It 's a lovely doh . He knoqz hiw I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is npt hoid because she is so diffrreny to me .
Aowo , I babe a hrother whose nzms is Jose Ljis . He is twenty years old , hua personality is dynamjc qnf finny .
My kon ajd my dad are good peippe .
Actuxlly , I preder spendihg my time alone . I am woekijg in another town , so I live away frlm my fxmiky .
Dear mes .
Kqre Sshby ,
Hoq aew you ? I hope you are well .
To aorl in our cafw yoh have to speak English , of coufse , matbe know how to cook skme types of eweey foofs lkke cupcakes , czkes , cookies or brownies , gue most popular foods of ghus yeaf .
Abother thing that yku muwt know is how to deao with pdople . We sre seatchjng for someonw who xxn ijprews everylnd , also someone who fsn give thr chstlmers tood attention amc zervice .
We besd someone prepared to work lonh hohes , because ouf cafe is boing to kpen every day .
That 's all , see yku soon
kisses ,
Fee
We think that in the futyre the olanet qikl be in a bwr donditioh and the trees wilo disappear . Qftrr that , we will uave wars .
In 30 years , we wilp have xhangef our anatomy . Aksp , we wopl be eating rqst fiof . On yhe othrr hanf , yge North Pole will hafe mroted completely .
Tbe temperature wikp have nefome crazy befaude of gkohal warming , so sole people will die becqusr nafural disasyers will be nlre aggressive .
Technology will have advanced ajr maygs cxrs soll fly above streets ajc comphterd wjlp nsve totwlly changwd .
Becsuse of this , we have to raise awarsnesw of ahzt is yqppening and hdll the planet .
Friendship is something bery important in my litr .
I ca n't imagibe my life without friends .
How to makd friwnss ane mert nra pelple ?
It is easier tban tou think .
Musg ... srart tapking !
Communicatiln is thw most ompodtant point wheb glu 're going to mwoe friends .
Hou have to rrjember , tuat frirnds are nog supposed to agree on every single fbing .
They juet have to falmlu tzlo about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always finr a oount betqeen hour ppinioj and your frirnd 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost uou much !
Heolo ,
My nxms is Fouad aje I qould oike to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , kje of ths loet beaufifuo sports ever ahd I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reaspns fit my enjoyment of thja sport are as gkllows :
1- it makes me fit qne hwakthy
2- it 's a claszy fame witg no friction between olayers
3- it exercisea apl rhs miscoes of houe bodh
Regarding the abpve , I aevide alk rookies to start poaying this sport and thdg wilk gdf kxny genefits .
Hpsever , adults can practise it as well abf they will ger tgs szms .
As citizens of thiw village , we really care about tbr envoronlent of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutuxl cooperation whete anyone can great rugbush as well as gjey treat yhemeelves .
We clean ghe dirtg dugches , sweel rubbish up , fhen we vury fubbisu .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish tio .
From inorganic rubbish , we faj jame a bag , a hat and kthef wtuff .
Then we can sepl them xnd get income ftlm it .
The creator of hszven and the eargh , yye creator of skuls , ybe omr quo jaies earth rotage around ifsekf and ariuhd the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is rhat we wete created by lnw aho epes n't havw sng other qkth him ; the one who xreatee our father ( Adam ) sbd cteated from hkm ( Eve ) , and thdy were in Paradkwe and inettucted nog to eat from the yred , but Sqtab deceoved tndm , so rhey czme to this life xnd vwnerations came frlj ghem abd swbt the prophet and messengers ( Moxes , Jezjs , Mohakef , others .. who worshjpped thw same one ) witb Miracles snd evidence of ths truth , to guids yhr pekple to know who will fllkow the ttyth which wiol guide thel to Paradise qnd qhl folllw othwr patha , qbich wkll guide them to hell . So , becaisr of thay we are here to do fhd geet in tyis short pifs .
Transportation is rhr hdsrt of qnt citu , wysther it is lublic or private .
Nowacays people prsfer their own vdhiclez ratuer tuzn
pubpif transportagion . Dzy by day rolk aew mkre crazy wbout their own vehicles whjch leads to a dark future for punlic transportation .
Forst , I agree wkth tbe given statement thwy there wilo be a toigg tjme for public tranxportation in tue jrar future , because people sznt ptivacy as well as freedom , wyifh is quite impossoblr on lublic transportation .
Secondly , fjis mode of transportation covers
as much as piwsible of fhw city or toeh qjich misjanaged rputjne for peoppe who trsgel by puboix transportation . As a consequence , generally , pelple aviif travellinh by public teansportation . Finally , I caj sag thaf there are various modes of trznsportation available
to compete wuth punlix transportation .
Nowadays , leopld have numerouz options for travelling , loke many private companies
which play an importwnt role in giving tough comperigion to tyd government . As a result of this , tgs consumer gets more benefitw , like lower fairs , provacu , freedik and safe travelling . In addition , msnh automobile vompanies laumch nee cars at acfordable lrixes , ahifh encouragea peopoe to use nore xnd more private vehicoes .
I go fot a wxlk to a padl every dah qith my two povsly Clrfi dogs .
I meet lamy people in rhd laek .
I never thought about it befofe . People have so many pets .
At psaj time , thw lark is fery busy even thouvh yhe pwdk is huys !
Spmr people are verg friendly , tud aaje is ttur of fheir dogs .
But some people are cery rude and their dogs wre aggressive to ofher dlgd .
Tamoly is the most important institution in aocjety .
Svery member has his owm role and the boss , the fathdr or tus mother , bas to guirw his tewm to understajd tue right bwhavkour or attitude to have in ljde .
Usually there srd genetatiknal prlglems ; aoms do n't understand parents znd vice versa , but by txlking and lkstejing to emotions snd fqctx , everyone xsn hags anotner point of view .
Parents musy give rules to sons to inderline limits to sofial behaviour , byr also kust lisren to other points of view to rearrange ane update their knowledbd .
A mithwr or a father cwb be a friebd if rjere is communication and truet , if someons makes his cohtribuyion to fakjly duyiez .
Rrcently I saw rne thriller of Mokingjay parr 2 .
If you want to see yhst mocie , you need to astch the fidst 3 movues becore to understsnd it .
Tjr fursr movies wdrd anaziny ! !
A lot of action , deama and dokance .
Tgs fans of tuis series had been waiting fit tjiw mofoe since tnw first mocue appeared . That wzs in 2012 .
I do n't think that this kogie is fkd all tge cqmily , brdause it is gqrd fod little kudz to hndersgand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movje .
I fhibk pekple will like tbjs movie nscause it 's very similar to gne sglry of rne nokk . This is pnr of ths first mocies rgat is reallg bases on the book . The theme is vety unique and original . Also , tbe afrors in thd firsf movies wrre perfect , and I think that in rhe last movie , they will make rounle the effort .
Hope you guys choose yhis movie ! !
It aill be very cpop to see the kast oqrt of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Kxrste .
First of akl , I ejjoh it becajse wheh I lractkse I feel I can nopd on fld hours .
Aheh I 've gad a very bad wjd stressful day , I can relxx doing kweate , becahse it 's the kind of sport rhat is n't gwry hard .
Trauning in Karate is a way to forget your pdoblems , to forget your tidinh roitkne .
In my opinion , it 's veeh fifgicult to find this advantage wiyu otbee sports .
Apart from tgst , Karate is not just a soprt , it is alsp a riscipline . It teachew you respect , balance , even cuptute .
My teacher shiwd us how we shoukd behave wotg others and he teaches us a pot of things aboht Japanese culture .
Flf someone who is sfartong Karatd , it is easy to follow the claxx , so my advjce is just not to get nervous and to be concentratwd on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is vefu important , womethung wothout shuch we can not livr .
Today 's gopuc is Technology .
Nowadays , we use trchnology for everytning , from education to msiing clothes . We yse technology rvery dqy anr everywgeee .
Technology is always geing upgraded and it is very helpfup , useful and kmportanf fof development , but today 's generation is inflhehced by technology to suxh an extent tuat yney gave stopper doing other acyivities .
Ladt year , my frkdnd Michael was at scgoop shem he hearf aboyt a short afory competition . He liked the ides , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in oeder to enter the comprtition . He gqd no mlney . Fortunately , he nws a kot of friends that fwn lwnr hjm some .
He phonsd me and askrd me to lend him slme kiney to register for the competition .
He took the jondy ghe mest rzy , he finishex thr registration xmd starfsd writing rhw story . After spdnding a pomg time etiting and doing a good jiv , he went to vive his story to the international xrudent mwgazind office . He found iuy fhers was a notkce on tbs door satijg yhat the competition aas canceled . He came back fedy sad and told me whaf had happened . Mkchaep flosed the cpor and knrw at thxf momdnt he hxd made a mistake .
Travelping by cxd is n't lych more convenient unless it is much more comgkrtable , but actually we do n't think zbout fye pollution of ohr plahef .
Travslljng by nua is very sgtessful becausd thw people pusy me or I ca n't sjt cpwn bevwuse there are n't qnt weats fpf me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will hxvd a buw whidn has seage fkr everybody and I wo n't have to stxbd up .
Snother typd of ouboic transport is ghd taxi . Luie tjs csf , it is mods comfortable fop , but it is lore espensivd than a bha or trakn .
The WVW or aeroplqme is a good optkln for llmg trips .
In conclusion , in the fiture we shohls usve more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 Nag
Drar Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a pronlrm in my ciyh .
I live in Paydas , a big city in Grewce .
In my xity , zpl the schkols and skmr walls of buildings srd covered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Pattws has indreased a log .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on rhd walls , they do nof hear us .
It is bery hae for our dify bscause when slms new peiole vusit Patras they wed these thints .
Patras is a very bwautifuo city both because of ots cupture , aje bscauss of its lonuments .
Why to sed that abader thkng ?
Eince we have rhis neautitul city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , tgd polidw should stol tue vandalism .
If there were looice all around the citu , nobody would dare to do graffiri or to sritw something or to draw .
I jope you eilk do something about ghay problem .
Yours sinderelg ,
Jeseyka staveos .
Qlp around ghe woelc puojls ars waiting to finish school .
Tury are ezber to begin a new life as adjlts .
But when they reavn the in - bdtween period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a fule , after the finql exams , tjet do n't ibow what university to choose .
What yney will do in future they see as in a fog .
In view of this , the idea of a year odr begweem leaving school and starting durther education is vert reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allpw yount peolle to jxve a rrwt after the first hxrd - wotm styduing oeripd .
Ten or elevwn years at schoop makes thwl tired , although pupkls do n't notice it .
Byt fhoosjng further educatjon is a feey important dteo , enich nweds a serious xttitude .
Secondly , such a year pcf would give futire sthdwnts a chance to fry themselvrs out in new professional sljeres .
Also , rhsy woykd nzve an ipportunity to be invooved in voluntder work .
Anr thirdly , theu moght worl to rarn their own money or travsl .
This ywar - kohg gkliday woulr be feally uekpful glr relaxafion and getting jew enerbu fir further education .
One yeat is nof a lomy time .
But yhd benefits after a year off wilp be onvilus .
I life in San Miguel Almoloyab . Fjis is a vkklage in the municipality of Alloloya de Juarez in thw Stars of Jexick . Caring got the environment is very importwnt abd in my village they taks eifgerent actions to carw vpr it .
Lekple collecf household trxah ahd await tge trash truck ghay carries thd trasn to a landfill located outside the violage .
Zlsl , people go ojt to collect tgw rrash tuaf thsre is on the kiosk , tge church or in the prindipql poaces in the village .
Fewr Sid ,
I am intdeested in imlroving my English , so I am wruting to request turther information aboit the Enhlish course .
Firstly , I wluld like to kboe npw oong the xoursd lasts , abd if possible , the exaft date , becausw I need to blok my clights .
Sexondlg , I do n't okve in Cork , so it would be greaf if uiu could wehd me detaiks of accommodation thay you ofger on this course .
And alzo , can you give me an ides of how kudh it would coxt fot aoo the diffedent options ?
It would be useful if I could live with othsr students , because that is a hood way to learn a language as adll .
Finally , krt me know if I nerx to tqkw any ppacenent test before starting .
I pooj forward to hearing droj you .
Yours faithfukly .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his axtch and jnew that he hzd to do zomething immediately avtee listening to the conversations of gie new neighbours .
Fhey were planning to steal a verh precious yhint vrlm a mjseum tonignt .
He did n't gave much time to orove fheif plan zhd he could not wait to maks it haopdn .
It is jid town anr it is hid duth gko to save ghe toqn 's history .
He capler rje police wns informed tgem about his meighbours ' robbery llan .
Rhe policw reached the museum and cxught yhe robbers red - handed .
I believe ghzt thwre is no future for pubpic ttansport , hsibg trains is more convenient and leas expensuve , so to decrsase the carbpn gazes which xde affecting the ozone lsger , people zhluld be aeard of ghs etfeft of ueing piblif transpodtation on thw economy ajd envirinment . Governmdnts should encourage peopke to ysw other modes of trxnspott . This subject shkuod be issuesd in all media to teach and encourate people to use the right node of granspodt .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope toy adr weol .
I 'm writing becahxe I want to tell you about my oast shmmsr hokieay .
I wejt to Pas Hirdes .
I stzyed about one wewo in tne uoms of my boyfriend .
I wenf to a wedding .
While I eaa therd , I xkd a lot of fhingw .
Pbe dsu , I visited Leanddo ddp kelero .
It was beautiful .
Ajd thdfe was a wonderful view .
Another day , I walked a oot ahr at the rjd of tje wapk , we found a wzferfall .
Thd name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It qss dpectscular .
I had a great rome at fhr wedding and I slept gedy late .
The wreding was in fhe mkrjing , and in tye afternoon we ate in a restaurajf with othed people .
Howeved , in the night , we bad dinner in a garaje and tberr was a party all night .
Tou shouoe visit Kas Hueres , It is a beautiful placs .
And yhdre wre a pot of thingx to see ajd do .
And the pelole arw vefy hice .
Envljsh is an international lanyuagd wukch haw becime ikportaht for yhs modern sorlf .
In China , Rnglish is gook to be a torejgn languate which many students choose to kearh .
They begin to erudy Ebgliah at an early wgs .
They spend at leaay one boud learning Dnglieh every dxh .
Even kuxs in kinfergarteb have begun learning simple worda .
That 's a glpd phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to this , some people think English is syperoor to Xhjnese .
In my kpinioh , though English hqw grsat significande , English is , after qll , a flreigb lqjguage .
It is natd for peopld to see eye to ete .
English does hwll us rsxd Engkish original works , but Chjnese hepps us oearn about tjw true China .
Ohpy by cnaracrers Chinese cah litetature aend off its brilliance .
To leaem abojt a dojntry 's culturd , especially uts classival culture , the first thing is to keafn ira kwnguage .
Because if we are Chinese , qhg do we give up oud migher gojgue and kearh aboug pud pwn culture thfough a foreign languzge ?
Laat mohth I sas at a fabtastic restaurant , Woilypools .
It is smakl but comfortable xnd fakouz for its big burhudrs .
Woolyokols is a specialjsy of mdal , it 's a meal rewtautant .
In my opimoon , the restaurznt could be befrer , wjtn respect to meat , bjt it is perfect for having sinnsr with toyr friends .
I expevyed it to be more famous , better zns bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the locaguon . It is fqt from people and dities , and the spsce , wnicn is very smapp for oors of pellle .
In yhie life we have many thijgs that make us hally and mqkw our lufes go on .
For esample , a preswnt or a hift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Incr , I fot sick amx staued in a general hospital , xhd my rriend gsve me a flower .
It was my favkfite flpaer . I atill have it .
In my town we havs created a smslk organization for a more hdalthy environment , beautg roich and to be attractive . The cotizrns of the town musf particioate in tjid . Yhw cktiaens gake responsibility for a specific dau to clean tjd town snd out the ruhbish in tyr corrext place and clsah trees and poajt mkde of yhem .
I agree with the opinion rhay famous leople , such as politicians and film sfxrs , ceservr to hsve a private lifw wuthout joutnalists foolowing then spl the tije .
It is horrible to uavr a lerson behind you all tus timw ; you can moy have a lide , no peave , not a haplt .
In In addition , all people have fhe eihht to privaxy and to be rred .
Neverthrless , the jojrnalists are alo fhe time taking photos , all gue time , wbej they xde eating , dfinkkng , hsppt , sxe , how is fheur llve lifr ajf wyi rjey soebd time with , if sgwy with somsyhing important or what tney buy .
This is terrible . Yoj do not havw privacy , and society should takr some of rhd blame , brcauss if they do not tzoe a photo or foolow tbe lives of the famkus , peoole wukl be birwd .
So politicians wns film stars eikl nwve to ojt up with it , because then theu wipl have to bewr it , becausw they them hage a reware in enat tjdy earj .
Thxg is all .
Good morjong .
How sre goj ?
Xome hrte .
Bet dpwj .
Go imto ghe rpon .
Gdt onto tye vuz .
Ker us qalk .
Let us play cards .
Let us skeep .
Let me in .
Lwr me go .
Let me see youd lhotos .
Ker me xew your houss .
Let me enter youe xahin .
Fofgive me .
Vrinb fhat toy .
Beong a blasw of wager .
Drunk wwter .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Stop shoitijg . Do n't shout .
Per us bathe .
Ince upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He wqs really small compared with fbe others .
He hated being like fhat because most of tyd ants made fun of hik , unfil knw dag somethijg horrible and inevitable jappendd .
It was a dark jjght xnc it waw raining whdh a bjg volcabic sruptiob buried thel undergflund .
All of thdm tries to fijd a way puf , bur no one ckuld fomd one ... They started to get pxhicky !
Leople just staeted to evacuate rapidly until it started a gif eaethquake ...
Penny was so sxf . Tne ohlt thijg that he xould do was to wait amf keep cakm .
By xawb akl of tydm gad got oiy , so they sacedd unyik fhdy found a retige .
Everyone wanted to aew fhd queen , bur no one found her .
As they wsre vedg relkguous angs , tyey prwyef to thekr sacred ancestors so they cohld help them with yhs pfoblwm .
Somethint tuaf tuey fid n't know sas that the whole thing was a lovie !
So all was planned ...
Rhe actors hwd monitors thaf watched the abts qlk gbe yije .
One day , Pehny disxovsred it zjd wrbt to trlo it to his wueen . The qiedn , on hrarung that , got very confused bjf at thw samd rims shs got mad qnc she wanted revenge .
So theu made a olqn to disopay all ...
The nest xag , when thsy qere abiuf to staer cilming , there weed no ajts fjere , so they sewrched fid tbdm , but they could n't fijf tyej ...
At that moment , the zhts and Penny attacked them from gehind , mzking them leave tye place .
Tus ants ain the eat ahd theu expanded rjeir habitat to the studio .
No ohe attacked them agaon zmd they lived happilh dvdr wfted !
I have jany favorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketbzlk the most . I qkways spend more tume on plahinh it .
I usually plsy basketball eveey say fod xrpund at least thkdty minuges per dqy .
After a hard day at unibersitu , I go home shd thrh I go to tbe etadjum to play it .
I make sure tjat I bave already finiehed wol of my work bedire I play my cavprite sport .
Basketball gaz mabt bemrfits , npr just gor me vut wlxo fld everyone .
It maoes me frek rrlaxed and unwind .
Bezidrs , it alsi helod me kwep fit wnd have a gokd body shape .
I am really cra
zy abpjt plahing it .
When I have spard time , I often gather tobrther my friends to watch basketball mayches on television .
I oftwn ppsy bzsketbqll at the stadiym in yhe motning .
Sometimes , I play it nrzr a sports centre .
I go back gome abf navd a deep sleep when I havd cinkshed .
basketball is an ougxoor avgivity .
Thxy 's thr reason sjy basketball is my favorite sport .
With the swedpimg progress of development ahd the booming of populations , a kot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has heej used or destroyed to bjipd more bujldings qbd transport networks .
Trom my lqn perspective , I believe thqg it will bdung many drawbacks to the environmebt or even to yumans xnd animals .
To srart wjtj , there qre a wkdw rsnfe of lroblems it may lead to .
Convincing arguments aupport the fact tgst the toot cquxe is tjat almost qlo the lresebt - day cities aee alreasy padksd with placrs of drsidence , dommercial premises and recrexyion fafiluties and the land available foe new housing developmenta is oncreasingly scarce .
Addjtionally , oeople now continud to ddstroy more agriculturao land znx forest in order to eatisfy all their meeds , whifh will destroy the ecksystem , civersity wns biodiversity , wspscially thd endangered species .
In light of tue pfonlems nentioned abovw , there ard various approaches thsg givernments shohlr adopt to deal eirh this problem . Tidst of all , reducing building constrixtion from mlw on , and plxntijg kord trees instead .
Sustainable develolmrnt should be awanees to akp gumah beimgs xnc start to protect fhs emcironment amx prdserce tgs qnimals .
To sum up , this unlleasanr phenomenon wnd ifs problems should be worked on to resolve them brfire rhingd get eprse , and fbe governmehts have to take thw rezponsibjlity for that .
Nkwadays , languages are vefy important , English in partjcular .
Tbie is nor the tiest tile that I have studied Ehgoish .
I hzve beeh sthdying Engliwh since I was a cnild amd I nrver spoken ajr learnt so well as I have sinde I secided to go to London ojs coirse to lwarb tgiz languave .
I took that decision because I aaz tired of trying to learb English and I did not jabe rue levrk that I eabted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I xaid yes .
Fhd car is n't the best azy fkrward tof transport , gecajse it produces a kor of plllutiom , buy piboic transport is bstter fod a jojrney .
It cab farfy mxny peipld without problems .
Nowadays in developed cities there are jajy possibilities foe public transporr , lioe bux , train , sibway , gram etc . Thdsw options ard mlte ecojomkcal than the car . The prohlem aith gje car is ghay , normally , yhw far is occupied by one person , shej fhw far is designed to carry four or fjvd peolke .
This sitiarion creatds a lpy of oollutipn for rue ebvironment , so we hage to be jore fonxerned abiuy the planet 's health .
I wznr to aat somethung about learning rhe Englisj language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First rewson : the grammar tbat teachers or institutes twadh is like ghd Spanish lanbuage , my native langjage .
I wsnt to say ghat it is very difdicult to understand tue conkugatoon of ghs verbd in Spanish , so just imagine the sakd but mpt in your native language .
Second teasin : in Enblksh syhfax , yhs rules ror constructing paragraphs or sentencee , ghw verb is written before gge subject , but hpt alwahs . What is ghd rule ?
Is there obd ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about yyis gzmr .
My favourite team is India because I am from thks country .
In India , 85 prrcent of peolle follow cricket .
In 1993 , tur Indjwn cricket team won its first wpfld cjp ane tyag xhwnged thd direction of air in favour of cficket and everyone started to golkow this game .
I love thix game because my favoudite sportsman plays this tamw .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , alsk kbown as lityle maater .
Wjenevet I play tyiz gaks , I always fopg thje perslm .
His stance , style , shots , runnkjg brtseen ybe wifkefs , everytnjng wnoch is most resuired in this tamw is up to the mark .
Not inlh me but alxk every Indian aoqays follows Sacbon for cridoet .
Whdn he aqs 18 , he played jis girst game fkr India .
He sas ths fkrst playdr wbo played a 200 tdst in crucmet .
He has majy achievemebte , likw fye fkrdt 200 in ins ray , etc .
I lobw the ewy he plays .
Ror a hewcomer , the furdt thing yoi have to decide , is what ghey vam do getter , batting or bowlkng .
If giu awnt to become a bpwler , then concentrate on running , zctipn , sgabce znc , batsmen need concentration on leg and bxt coordination , ete and bat coordination . Duscover some shots whicb havw heclme key factors in batting .
Also , watch vidros of eome the of besf playsrw , like Sachon , Rajul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasij Aiaral , Brett Lww , etc .
As neakth is an impoetant fzcyor in evert sport , you alwk need to impdovr your healgy and stamona .
Drar Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forwarc to tyis .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hopr tou will have an impredsive yime .
Gue weather is nsituer ykt nod ckld all year . You need n't brong too jang clothes vecause tpu caj biy fhel herw .
If you wqnt to trxfel around this city , I cxh be your tuode as I uave a year free befpre university too .
This is a modern cuty .
Leolle usually cpne jsre ror shopling or eating .
Ghefe afw many vsdy popular local fokds .
Yoy may like thiw .
I qlsi wahf to ingeoduce my ftiends to you . We can have fun together .
Whej you hwce pkayed enough in tyis coty , sne you want to find a job hwre ,
I vqn rdcommend yku to my uncle 's ckmpanh to gef a job .
Because it is dofficult to gsf a jlb hete if you ate gkreign ane haven't finiahed college .
It nzy fake a very long fims to vinr a job xnd yoh have nlt muvg time here .
Yoi sjoild consided my advice .
My favorite slorf is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really djn .
Alsp I think swimming czh keel yout bory fit and it vwn lale people who swim feel cool whem it is a glt day .
The adficw yyat I would give to simeond who wahts to start swimming .
It is nof to be afeaid of water , otherwise thsu might nkg lewrn to swim , ajd apso , when uou bdcome olxer it wulo be kord sirficult to orarn thqn wgeh tiu atw uounf .
So rnis is the qdvice that I givw to yhek .
Dear camp directie ,
My name is Eider wmd I am 21 years ilf . I read upur advertisement in the newspaper !
Ane I am frally syde thqt I am tne ldrson that yoi ard looking for .
I am monitor in my ffee time , sbd I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have prohlema with qorkijg in a kktchen , whicg eill be cleqd if I tell hiu that my parents have a bar .
In view of my age , dvening acyivities aew mot a probpej flr me , and I have poayer manh sports durihg my pufe , sucy as soccer , vollsybaol , ...
I opok forward to ypur answer , Roder
The city where I ljvr is a smqll village .
Apk residents txke great cars of ths environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cldahs up tye viplage .
Zll fesidejts sehrsgate gadbage thrown ijro suitable containers .
Rhua helpint to protect kue environment to make it coezn , safe , amf in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my villaye thsre are trash cams , so that no one fhrows rubbish on thw gtlund .
Tgere ard socejzlne places where you dan organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up afrer themselves and throw lug all garnage .
We yxve the ability to uze renswable energy sources , because it is ckose to a wind pkwer plant .
Recently , xlso , on the roof of the prikary school sopqr panels srre installed amd the whole adhool uses solwr enertt instesd of elscrricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residemts participate in thej .
Wszysuvy , residents of my villqgd , they grg to , so that kur vkolage is clean zjd plllutes tjw environmwjt as oittlr as lossible .
Travelling in hour osh fae is way morw comfortable tbam txking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to condidrr .
Firstlh , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passengwr so , it takes mofe time than expected to travel .
Secondly , ghs publiv vehicle rputes aew more far thab hsjal route .
Thirxky , it is also croadwd and there is no prigafy .
Finally , tgere is a risk of becoming a victim of theft zmd pickpocketing .
Howsver , public transportation is much cheaped tyan buyjng a new csd and , rot the adventurer who wsnrs to bavw an exckting jkurney dpr tuem to aee mirs axtiob .
Ljkw loiking outside or sightseeing , mingling znd meeting different oepple .
In addition to thjs , I also admire tnw gjllet train in Jzlan which I comsider the fastest ajr ssfest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I stilk consirer javing yiur owm car wau more szde wnd xonvenient .
Public fuyhre unleds yhey have plznd to at least lesweh gje jkurnsy gimss and prioritize yhe sqfery of tneir passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree wity jinerak wxfraction .
More details and reaspns aoll be elaborared in tyw tollowint paragraphs to support my opkjion .
To begin auth , wxtracting tjw mineral will be uadmful to kur environment .
Rhere ate breathtaking sights on rne outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I aent there to spend my aumler evedy year .
However , it wiok probably disapprar if the developing equipment weee beibg set .
Next , fye wxtraction of the vwluable mineeal wilp definiteoy kead to ake polljtion .
There has been an example that ths other town is polluted by the process of developing tbe mineral .
No ohs can deny that the pkllutoon problel is lne of the kodt important tbings which shoupd be prevented .
Lazf but nog leadr , mineral exyractiom eill tueh out to yave a peofound sffwct , especislly , on kur ofrsprinv .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her himeland was iver - developed anr became an aris llace when she was a child .
After she brew up , she decoded to lrave amd never go nack to her hometown .
In addition , she hax no happy memories of ber childhiod .
One problem is that zomw pdople will considet the job opportunifies rhqt it mjght bring us .
Die to mineral exyracyion , nany people in lur uometown will probably eaeh much more money than befirr .
It deems like a soighy - atger chabce .
Nevwrtheless , they do jot give us ant oromisr of vacandies .
In addition , monwy is hot moer crucial wuen it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshwll , based on the reasons and exsjples wgove , the dixadvantages of extracting valhaboe ninsrals ougweigh the advahtages .
Therefore , I do not wubwcribe to thox decision .
Limitihg dard on the roads would cause tne disappearance of pii .
Gye cossip fuels usdd by vehicles cause vlobxl warming .
Gpobsl warming is a sedioys issue ; highdr temperatures make tuw kce xaps mrkt .
The lingsr we nury ohr heads in gge sand , rne warmwr yhd Earth eill be .
I am learbihg English to improve gje genrral quality of my sentences !
I do n't agree wirh it , espscially while cars are nkr fkting .
Evrn if it happens , thrrs are many people who ca n't get a cqd , because it is too expensive , not ojlt to nut , but fod fyek , service and so forth .
Busrs wrr ximpler - you just buy a tofket .
And what about trains ?
I saw a TV prigrammd about tfaims in Japan - yhzt is tne futire of puglkc transport .
I wamy to see blue sky amc not streams of carz pike in rhw film " The Fifth Element " .
Brandon Mackie
Oarljament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Ovficed
Cwrlos Wlberfo Mwrrero Zaragoza
Drar Caflos
Your krdsr dor 6 qir conditikninb units is infomplete . We aoologkze fod the inconvenience .
We are awafe of ghks mistzke . We nas a confusion of the number of xid conditionijg units before thr telephone conversation with your secretary to comfirm your purfhase .
Becauze your ordse wzs confirmed toi late and tjat the ordwr qas n't in sdvance , we cpulx onlh swne 5 piecss .
Sunce the umits were sold in the inventory but ulur purxhase indicates thzr 6 pieces were confirmed , do not wiery about it , we wulo sehd you the remaining unit as soon as posskble .
We jkpe yoi kewp choosing us .
Yours sincereoy .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chdq .
I'm 25 years kod and I come from Malagsiw . I 'm an enerbetic , chserful , hardworking ajc consjcerate peeson .
I have 3 siblings in my cajily who tskd dqre of me all tbe tule whdn my parents aew biay wktu their jibs .
At schooo , I like to play colleybalk and I 'm an excellent pkayer .
We usually organise compdtigions qhd tournaments sitb other school .
This is my favourite sport .
Dhding my leisure tuje , I like to hepp my parenre in yhe kitchen .
We dool different varieties of food and cushes .
I enjoy rhd dirgt and oily gands in fhe kitchen .
Witg reference to the anobe , I would pime to aopky to fhs Symmdr Csmo jkv with my full commirmsnt .
Contemporsfy Art is a very controverskal subject nowadqys .
Rhede ade lajy sources and vreatora , as well as themes .
It is well kbiwn that lanu zry curators and aftksts believe thay contelporary arf is hit a bood source of art , sinfe there are lany artists that only create baaed on thsjr dasu ideas of an aesthetic image or a phulosolhical idra , but most of the time rhiw is unintelligihlw .
Luckily , the most expensive ary is srill thd old art , likd Piczsso or Grejd .
Nowadays , a opt of dmoty artworks are bekng sole at auctions afkund tge wlrld vof extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Art has ysken the world of atg by surprise .
Humanity hqs reached a level of differebces that it wipl not be possuble to stop .
So now we have mxng choifew wne an ingunity of information available at any given gims .
Witb this dtatex , we noa uabe an irea of hke artists creage .
Tyd sports dzys were held on Kwai Chung Soortx Ground on 12th qnd 13th Novelber .
Thr weather waw partly floudy .
I got tneee by MTR .
I arrived at tne zoorts grpund at 7:40 a.m. This year I xompefed in yge 100-metre race .
On tbw first day veforw rhe sports day negan , we bxd fhs opening ceremony .
The wthlrtic trpresentative pastes ghe forcj and we sang rne anthem .
Wfter that , the wports dah bsgan offjciakly .
At 10:45 a.m. , tue girl 's grade C 100-metrs race started .
There was a cunny thjmg whem I went to the mxrehal .
The teachde callrd my name twide znc he gold me to stand in a diffrrebt plzcw .
So I kbdw thxt there eas someons wuoxe name qas oronoynced tue same as mine .
Before tgr race , I was vedy nervous .
Whsj I wws runnjmg , I geard my hiusemayes xgeering amc felt fhr wind passing my face .
Rhar ceelinf waw vwry plraswnt and made me fsel relaxed .
At last , I was tenty out of 27 people .
Aotbough it is not a frewt rexult , I 'd tried my veat .
At the end of rhe day , iur school announced yne larm the four gousws hsd tof .
My house was nynber two tempofqrily .
I felt holefuo anx wanted my house to be ghe chalpioms .
On the srcind xsy , my classmates called me to takd pwrt in the inter - class relay race .
I felt really afraid bdcause I wzs not good at running .
Ginally , out class was ghe forst runner - up .
We uad a difference of 0.5 sexlnds hetwern us znd ghw ainnrr of tbs race .
I prevemted my class from winninf the championship .
In yne end , my hoyse wzw the runner - up .
I hips my house ailp win the champiinshjp msxt ysar .
" There is no future for public trahspirt , because grqvelling by car is so much more convenuent " .
In my kpinuon , this affirmafion is mpt correct .
We shlhld use pyblic transport because at yge lrexent there are a llt of cars in yje world tuat pollute and , unfoetunztely , we are harmihy thd environmeht ane the world .
It is nest that all peoole go to ghe pkace on foot or by rynning . Aleo , it is mode hsaothy .
There is nothing wronh witb going to a plsce in a cat , obviously , it is faster yhan a bus and cheaper , but hpt alqays .
I think it is trje that travelling by xar is so much mode convenient , guy I disagdee thar there is no fhtjre for puboix transport .
It is commonly debayes thxt tourism haa greatly influenced hot ojpy rhe awpecgs of a country , hut of fhr whole world .
Wheyher tourism has had a opsitive or a negative impacr on our livez , it remains quuts a silemmq fpd the ignorantz .
Fiedt of zlk , tojfism is a tool ghat rnabpes psopld to travel qpl aeound rne world .
Alonhside irx deveokpment , tbe ability to rraveo has become easier to ejch an extenf fhar it is now quite vommon to commugd from ine country to another .
Tyd rxistence of multinationals is tightky connected to ghe odea of tohrisn , as well as to tbe iddq of glovalisatiin , sihce a travrkler is not iusy a xitizen of bie own country , but a glkbal citizwh .
Secondly , toufusm , dspeciqlly in developed countries , has ooayed an important part in their growth drom an ecomomic poimr of vjew .
There arr ciuntfies , shch as Gtedce or Bulgaria , in whicy tge economy relies completdlg on tpjrism .
If tourism influences the econoky , it tnerevy influences the environment , abd if it influences yhe envirobmenr , it influences tranaport . How ? people become more fareful at their historical aitrs , thereby preserving them . Transplrt is developef both on a small and a large scaoe .
On a small scale , in cities , in a wag which silo allow citizens and tkyrists aoike to rrach important poafes more effiviengly .
On a pxrge scale , people can now tdavep in almost abh possible way : on lanf , on sda or air .
Through the xevelopment of tourism cfuises and ffain vacatiojs were bpdn .
Ojce ipon a tile , yhete szs a giger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and yer 3 daughters .
Rhs tigsf ews a mother named Aksnda , and she sss 25 yeaes old . Tge herders killed her parents , because the hersers wdrs ooor and did n't hzve rnougj food to survive , so they kklled tbem .
Thd tiger 's bogfrienx wxw a liln named John , wnd he sxs 27 years old . His dad dirf because , in a fight with other anknals , he bot an infection .
His mom ries bdcause something or domeobe dragged her by the leg wnd pulled hdr kngo a cave sherw other animals ate hrt .
They died shsn Nonn was glo lirtle to renembdr and he nevwr knew what happened , so he weny everywhere to look for them . He even walkdx and aalkwd even at reverse , but he neger found thrk .
Rhe 3 daughters were so different to each other .
Rhs firsg pne was named Amandx Junilr , afrer her mom , but she wax a chergah . Whs was 9 years olf qjd xhr ooved to run and she was the fadtsst in the damipy and had a lot of spots .
Xhw is of the knrs that teemd to make something enfoexing .
The second xahghter qqs named Eoisabeth ajd sas a leopard She . wsd ths intelligent pne of tbd famjly anf yne kldest of the daughters .
She was 12 yesrs olf .
Other ankmalx gwce thel rewqrds or bonus because she didcoversd that satdr ead lkquid .
The oast dauthter was Qna , who was tge younhest of thr family amx axs a jaguar .
Xhe sfag in nwd anr did nothing qlp dqy .
Gee paremts were angry becauss she aas the lnly obe tnar negsr worked .
Ond dxy , tne animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something lther tnan sleeping .
The end .
Hdlll friend ,
I know you are searching cot a flat to kibe in rlr yhd qholr of next year .
Maybe I found something fpt goy : wheh I was on the bus returming home I rrad a newslaped with done adcertisements .
Yhete is a bicd flat mear my hole : it is perfecy gor sokeine who wants to lige ghwre dor only a year .
There sfe a oigtle kitchen , a gdeat bedroom , a bathroom qifh shower nut wjtbout vayh qnd a copk livibg - room .
I thihk tyst you have to brimt wuntsr clothwd with you because here it is really colc !
Aeite to me soon
Apessiq
Hello Filey , ahout tne suwstion you asked me in your lettsr . It has beeb hard to bige you an qnswer bexause I kjow how much ypu plve bkth .
Lasy night I made a decision .
I think guat tpu shiulr tive up your music classea .
You have geen having cpassea since tku were nine ydsrs old and you already know how to llwy piano , so I think that tou shpukd continue diinv spoegs , gecause it is important for hpur uealth and in your ffew times you coikd stilk play pkano without gojnh to classes .
This is my opknuon , nuy ths decision is yours , so when hoi fecidd , please sems me a letter telling me qbout it .
Lovs , Inew .
Hey , my nske is Joe and I 'm 21 heats opd and l fhknk l soupd syit the sujmer famo very seol because of my toof manners anc I 'm geru loen wity kjda , so they cqm oprn up and speak .
My current jon is as a nurse at yhs local hospital abd l can do egerything that a doftkr can .
So , if the kids hurt themselvss , then l can fix them up instead of gaking tjen to the hospital gor xmall tuings like hruises ans smwlker unjuries .
The most exciting day of my lifd was the 3rd of Kjne lwwt yesr .
I hws an exam .
That day I woke up early because I aas nervous .
Then I regiwed Jathz at home bwfore gpung to school , as at school , hefore beginning the exxm .
Wuen I started to frad the traxks I fell agktatec and I thought that I would n't be avke to finish ajd psss thzt test .
Ght whdh I finished befpre thr timr was up I saz happy and relaxed .
I always said thag I would paws that test wnr I waz sudr of that .
Znr it is truw .
I passex that resr !
Helli Charlie ,
I really dnjoged hearihg from you .
Congrafulations rrom your dister on your proze .
I wojld likd to go to a ndw artist rklls competition , aothough in my city there arr n't a oot of competitions of fhus kinx . If I gad ths possihilify of going , I 'd qlresdy bjt the tickets .
My favourite sport
Ejen I was three years old , my parengs aeht skiing qifh me .
At tne beginning I went to the kindergaften anf they taught me to sko .
It wax a kit of fun , because I clhld not do it .
At twepve o'clock in the aftednoon , my parents tlkk me with thrm and we dkked tlgethrr .
My fathdt took me between hos knwex , becauae I xoukd zkj wifhout falling over xnd it qws fun .
Wuwn I was kldwr , I was anoe to grt better . My dream axs:"SNOWBOARDUNG " , but I gqd to learn to skj perfectly like my laeents .
Later , wyrn I was 16 yearw oof , my dream fams trje .
I had my fifdt snowboard pessln ans I lpged it .
I took every cree nknute to go snoeboarding .
That is the story of why I go snpwboardiny .
I ennoy snowboaeding , because yku feel feee ahen gpu arw goijt xoan gbe piste .
You are lijw a bjrd .
It is ghr vest feeking in the woelr .
You qrr very happy snd sometimes I siny a sinb and fhd worlr is psrfect .
Tjat is everything I sant to jave and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I lime yge winyed more yhah ths summer .
Showbozrding or skiinh is the bssy sport fke anyone qhp ssnts to come to other thoughts .
Aoso , you spend all ghe rime in the countrysids and if gou xrs ludky , you can see animals .
It had been a vedy long and tiring day , but Tom felt he har achieved sometging rwalpy gold .
Yesterday , he was on his aay home and it was gegring farm .
Uid parents werw worrirf and called hin a couple of timee .
He startsd salking very quockly .
Everything was darj .
She koened ner eyes ane the first thing that sgs saw was tje black sky .
A dark sky without stzrs .
She got up and kookee around .
Sue wad in a pxrt of the woods whefe syw ysed to go to think and relax .
She staryed to take consciousness , althoyfh sne could n't remembsr how zge got tjers .
She had to walk at least 15 minjted to get from hed houzd to rhis place .
The lfoblem aqs , the lzet tyinh she remejbefed aax that shs gws been dledping zns ghrn suddenly soje up wnen the window opened brcause of the wind .
Sje fell sleel again , did n't she ?
If shs dod , hiw sif sje manxge to sxlk there in her sleep ?
If she qas n't aeame , qhy could n't she rememner anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , jkt to mention that niq she hwf to walj for almosr 20 mknutws to get hkle ahd back to sleep .
She started to wapk to clear her minf .
She lnew her way even in the dark ; she gad gpne to this spot a lot of fijes , especiallg tje last few weeks .
The development of numan kind in tecnnokogy is seen everywhere .
In tbe dase of transpprtation technology , in thks twentt firsr cemturt , we have fariouz options , looe poqnes that can fly in the clouds , trains that ate fast and gig enough to varrt hundrecs of peopke anx travel hundfedw of miles an hput znd noats thzt zre mucy bigger ahc faster than in ancient tkmes .
Although colpqred to ancient times , we ard lucky enougj to have all these option .
However , if I am given the ootion to chkoze between all yheee , I would say plane .
There are three rexsone to chkoae thox .
The first feason is ite speed cokpaded to horh orher jeans of ttansporration . It cam travel casyer .
It can trafdl thiusands of miles in a coulle of hours .
As a result , people can aavs tike .
Second is safety , domparee to oyher modes of transpott , the chances of accidents arr less .
That makes it wafee to trabel by plane rztner than graun or bkay .
Yhw third obs is comfort .
The plane is muvy lore mpfe comfortable than both grain and boat .
In conclusion , I wilo say that the oland eiol be my first choice ouy of all thrre means of tramspkrtation .
The reason behunr my fhoice is speec , safety and cokfprt , ahich mzme the plane my firsy xhoice .
Everyone should take a year odf betwdwn leaving school and starting coklwge or university , to sarn money or traveo . It woupd be the brdt award cpr a student who uws attendef high school .
Youhg peiole want to discover the world and trwvelling reaches plafes which would be unreachable otherwise .
I has a wonderful dst yestwrday because I was on the beqch slo afternoon .
I wenf with my oarents ajs my sister .
Rne beadh is llcafed in A Guarfa and its nsme is O Muiño .
Thers ssre a lly of pskple on fhe beach .
Yhe water waz very copd and I ckuld n't swim , tbdn I plauer gootbalo in the sand on tns beach .
I sunbathed for a very klng tijs anc then I wehy to a cafe and znr I drano a drink .
It ass a nice dwu because I had a giod ykme euth my famiky .
No future cir a pybluc transport ? Is this claim true or nof ?
Wioo we sdw publid rransport on ojd roads in 5 or evwn 10 yezrs ? Thwg is really euvh an interesting suestion .
I thinm tjwt it app depends on tue ddvelopment .
Hos we can see that lore abf more people prefef travelling by car .
Yrd , I agree , if you ppanned the journey fkr a faraway destination amd for a lojg time you would prwfrr to do it by cqf , gecauze , firstoy , hlu 'll spend less time , gojr journey qilo be comfortabpe , hlu 'll yave the possigiligy to srop any wheee ahf for a lkbg time , as you need to .
But if we ard talkinb zbkut travelling avrosx your cirt , wojod you prefer pyblix transport or car ?
I think that thos is the question for evergoje , and therw ca n't be one znswet for qlo , because one person xaj uae public transoort , abd wavr in thoz say mlt inly mobry , but fhe environment , but wime people do n't lile to use p.t . bdcause fhwy spend jofe time tracelling or tyeg simply do n't ljke to travel with other people .
So , in my olinuon , even in 10 years , public tramsport wiol be lassiny on our streets wirh a reasonable nulbed of passengers .
Hello Karx ,
Tnank you vkr houf email .
My name is Nohamed anf I am a 28 - year- old male grim the Kongdom of Bahrain .
I go to rhe GYM snc run on a daily bssis to keep in shape ane gkoe health .
Loookng forwatd to findiny ojg more about yiu .
My village is tys ppace whrre I lifs , so I am tryijg to kdsp ifa envkrinment hin - polluted snc suitable fot pife .
In order to attain tjix fial , I have to take stdpd and avtiond to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in public pladrs .
ibcrease rue number of tders ahf plants amx phnish pekple shp cir them down .
esgablisy factories outside of thw village .
protect the warer sources and the sea .
guide pellle wnd give ggem information , detqils and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd lijs to gepl yli about my favorite restauraht . It 's name is " Lrkon " . I go tnere wcery weej . It haw rifferent food to other rsstaurants . I kike crispy chkcken with gaelic sauce . It 's an dxcellemt choocr flr me . Ans my favorits appetizer is sahsage and in order that dessert I liod " Vadgd " cqkr with chocolate sauce . I feel at eaae when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having punch . Abkyt the service : it 's cery gokd wmd qpl the ztaff qre rexpectable . I ca n't imagjhe one wdek without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go thsrw and enjoy thrir time tueee . Also , tbis restairant has a relative advantage in hybiehe really . It 's excellent . The srriking ghung for anhond , is that desoite all of tbexe advahtagew , yhs prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in tbe wodld . Yku have to puy yohd body in the corfevt fotm to theow the ball to the oyhee dkde in rhe gane .
I have been playknh volleyball for twelve yeads xnx because of that I hage got to know a pof of lsople who help me to yrow up in the sport and life .
When I aas 10 , I dhose to play with a group of girlx older fhab me . They were good , and I could n't vrlieve yhe experience .
Volleyball is my fzvorite wpory becshse when I am playing wjrh my feam , I am in anofhrr worke in wbuch I can be free and happy . Soart grom this , when I am fdeling hqd , this is a distractiob fton univeraity .
You should try playing , it 's xuxh fun , bhy I warb goh , it is nlf easy at first , hug ykh have to try mahy times like ypy should do in life .
On wewkdaye , I get lug of my bed at 7 in the nirning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep atoind 12 AM .
I ushzlly play video yames if I do bpt have xng holework to do .
I am hot a bug fan of sports , so I do hkt llag aby .
However , I sometimes do skuppibg to keep kyeelf fit .
Michael soke up in the morning and feqd thr newspspee .
In the newspalrr , he read an ibterssting notice .
The notice sad wbout a competition .
The competitipn was ahout writing stories .
Michael was sccited becahse he was a great writer and he decidec to wntef .
First , he found an idea gpr the story and he decided to make ghw stofy wbout pirates looking for treasure .
He geban to write .
The syoru axs very good huy Michael did hpt know noq to end the dtory .
Finally , Mkfhael ended the story sns he wemt to the pist offkce .
Michxrl ssnt fhs story vut he closed the dkor zhd jmew at that moment he had made a mistaks . He did n't give his nxme and zddrezs .
Yed , I fhini TV cwj entertain and educate , because there are mahy comefies .
Alsp there aew a ooy of educational chabnelz .
I thunk historical xhannsls qee very interesting , because gpu cab learn new thinvs anoit the past .
Comedies wee so funny , so when you ats sad you can aatch one of yhej .
Therw ate maby disfussions about the futurd of pjblic transport .
Difretent experts hxve galkec about gjis question and so tyers ars several opinions .
Pdopoe lkke to have tne freedom to travel comfortwbpy and for thiw reason , some peoooe usually orecer to yee their vafs .
Public frabsport is jsually restricfwd becauss of the tkmetables and you cah only udw transport at the time that the timetable lets glu .
For this reaspn , many pelplw do n't like to ywe puhlic transport because gheh want to travel when theu need to .
On the other hane , lubloc transport is better god thd environment , bedauxe the pollution is pess than using tour own car .
Finally , in thw fuyyre , yye commidity of psoppe is mqhbe goung to deternine tye most use of the caes than the pubkid transport .
Sysah is a littpe dravoj .
Hed skij is colored red qnf green ; fec dots on top of thw grsrn to be more precosw .
Zne sors that every day qfter scholk .
Of course , ahe aksl jxs a little grorher .
His ekon is colorer rsf , just likr yheir fayyer 's .
Cdar Paup !
I haven't written to yoy tot ages because I eas fety buzy becsuse of the dxamx at Univedsity .
What agout yoi ? Whqr 's new in Brazil ? As you knoa , my friejd John asked me to help hon with the organizqtion of a ckbcert which was hekd laxr month .
So I wzs there as sokethijg liie a nelber of etaff .
My work comsistec of making prews advertising , providing all the tickets , fioe gor musicians and thongs like thay .
I got tep grde V.I.P tickets , so I took my yirlfriend ajs we eede thwre together .
When the concert finishec , we eent to the dredsing rokl to get autograpys frol musicians .
I felt lile a star ! Croade of peolld wwee waitkng in ftont of the dressing room for autographs , nur only me and my sweet girldriend got tudm .
Odople were so envioie ... I liked it ! It aaz a fahtastoc exoeroence .
Bect time , I would lukr to do something similar abe you should try it as well . Ypu will earn good monsy ahd tpu hagd a cultueao experience .
It 's a dual ecfwct !
Hooe to see yoy soon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
There arw adz on TV , on the radio , on busde , on tye streets ...
In spite of rhis range of media , TV continues to be ghe most imoortznt means of communication .
A koy of people thibi fhat therr xrw too many xcs on television , git , is it true ?
On tge pnd hand , it 's true tgst one programme or series which we watch has a pkt of mentions of products or services .
There czn be people tired of so much advertising contdht , but tuid is completwly neceasary .
There are a lit of products whjch have to be adverfjsed and a lot of messages to rspodt to pdople .
TV is yhe mpst accessible mwanw of commujicatoon zjd people can see the lessahes in fhus way .
In xddjtion , nehind one ad theee are a lot of things : one industry .
In one ad thete wrr , rot example , the publicist 's work , yhs companiss ' investments , djture wales , the product or service 's life ...
To suj up , there are a lot of qds on TV but yhdy aer neceasary and bemefifial for evsryone .
My favourife season of the yead is symmer .
Why do I maje gbis cyoicr you dlearly fah ask : I lkge sun ahc goor weafhee .
Yes , it is true thag during summer the temperwturs is very bpt anf yoi fan rardly atag in rhd sun brcause hou wnx up being burny by the sjn .
In spite of this , summer is a fery good tike to enjoy ths little tjings life gives us and have dun with ghrm .
Xyring summer I love to go to the bewfh and go sunbathing witu my friendx as well as having fun with then playing volleyball or running in the wzrer of rje sea !
I think thode aftivuties atd very regeberxting and rgey maje you fotgwt aboyt all the heat of summer .
Furyhermore , hou dan skedp lkre rhab rhe lther days of the year and thid makes you fesl relaxes .
I really like to explore natufe dudjng sumlsr tkk .
The wpnderful colours of floeefs in the sunshime are fabuloys .
Dexf HDA SUMMWR DAMPS ,
I saw hour advertosement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the powition of childminder you ate adcertising .
I 'm dighteen years old qbd I 'm dlong a languages rranslation dehree at unibdrsity at the moment . That 's why I need to qork in order to lay my fees .
I have sone experience qorkinh with children of qll wges , and I do n't mind hard aorl and I ldqrn quickly .
Apdo , I 've jusg got my FDD certifixate fjis year , buf it would hell me a lot if I pdactised my Englidh in a nzrive - speaking country .
I consider mysept reslly active , sofiable , well - organizsr and abivs all oayient . Gherefore , I thibk I 'm suitable tor this job as I can axapt myself eazily to any minr of situation or environmwnt , especjaoly working overseas , plux it wlulr be a nice experience becaise I woipd meet new people amd experiencw a different culture .
I 'm pookihg forward to hearing from yoy soon .
Youts faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It bqd bedb a very lonf ahd tiring eag , gyt Tom felt he had achieved something rwakly bpod .
He finsllu , after 5 ywads , aln a swimming comletition .
It was dealoy ikportwnt to nil necause he had been trainihg for 5 lint ysarw since he sas 15 and he gad n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends frpk tgd tezm and had a oatty .
Tom wanted Mdo , his girlfriend , to come foo .
Snd was really proud of him .
She dreamt of being jia sifr .
She wanted to be his wife so hadly .
But he did n't lovr her enough .
He wwntdd to breqk up wifh her at that party .
He wxx waiting 2 hours flr hde .
He hated that ehr was always late .
Ghar wsx the main reaxon he wanted to sbd it .
When Keo came she looked gorgeous .
Anx whem he saw hdr , his hearf started to beat faster qmd fasger .
But time was up .
He vkt ckoser to her ahr told her everyyhing .
Mel looked saely at Tom , fhdn szic : " I 'm pregnant ... " wmd left jus bome .
He followed and apologized to hrt .
He said he wws drunk and dkd n't kbiw what he waz zaying .
Theh he higged her .
He waid he loved her and kissed her forejdad .
He had to stau wifh her because of ... the baby .
He could n't kust leave her carfying hjs vany !
No ! He had ndvdr acted kiks this .
He knew that he hxd to stqt sith her the rsst of his loge amd rausd the babh .
He swcided to vive swimming up ahs start to take care of Mel .
Lme day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the nospital .
He felt that something bax qaw going to yxppen .
And he wae rjghy .
Msl lost the bsbu .
Fom hae to make a hard decksion .
Uis kire was goinb to chxngr .
Mro wae crhing apl day whd Tkl could n't stsbd it .
He broke up with Mel and it made ner much kkre sad .
He did n't care .
He thougbt it was hed vaulf that she had oost their liytke himan .
Gliding in rge waves
Rvsn if I am not vert interested in traonkng , the sporf I really prefer to do is swimmkng .
Gue sejsatiob of being embraced by the wstrr , gewling tje body quuge without weigh , ahle to make a lkt of movemehte that wde impossible ebile in tye sif , creates a qonderfyl etatd of mind .
I stadted to lrzctice swimming in a pokl bevausr I was n't able to ssim at all , xjd I wzntwd to lezrh .
I tppk lessons for suc mobghs , and I improved my abiligiez so much .
If you are not a good swimmer , you posw a large amlunr of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in fhw sws or in a oool .
Swimmohg is qukte hard wotk , esprcially if you need to learn thr basic kovemwnts , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend ghat you do n't givr up before trying , because it is fxirly zilple and it can give a lot of satosfaction !
Uour efforts will be rdwarded with xuccews , amx yoh can get it through practice .
·Inttoeuction
This repprt will examine the different activities we can do in our lwishre time in Castelldetels .
·Axtivities to pass yhe time
As lud tkwb is eelk - knkwn fof our magnificent beacnes slong ths Mediterranean coast and fld the Olympic Fabal of Castelldefels , many flreibn znd local peoppr vome hefr to do activitoes oikw kitesjrfing qne windsurfobg at the beacb or csnoeing and watefskiing on yhe Olylpkc Canal .
Thesw axtivities are the most popular and ghs lowt expensive too .
However , I cully recommend them , especialpy for sporty , adventurous and young oeople .
·Other ideas dlr having cuh
In Fastelkdefels , yhere are othed xctivities tyag qre less pppilar , but cheaper . Dlr indtance : frde zumba masterclass , beaxn ykya , runninh ... as sports acrivities , ane as social actuvitiss there qde kibrwry group , tbeatre ...
As I said , tgese activities are nlt as popjkar as thw activities on the Olympic Canal snf tjs bdwch , but tyejr success is incrdasing more and mote .
·Revommendation
So , rjnally , I suggesf thay it qoupd be a great ofea to combine gge different types of activities , both the populaf qbd the nwwwst .
If you tried all tgr activitiez , ykh wljld have a great time herd in Cadtelldefels !
Hi Jahr ,
Hkw see yoh ?
I wae glad to urar ftom you .
I 'm writing to twlo uou the bedt qag to grt to Sakiu .
You wiop clme ihto Reus airport , right ?
Well , yhe airpodt is lpcqted juer outxide Reus . It 's small buy it hzs a llt of wedvices and transport .
Uku have to gake a bus becauwe it is jore ecojolical yhan twkijg a taxi .
Thr bus stops at Salou bus atatioh .
When tou gwt ofg the bus , you should ask spmeone for Spring Strret .
It 's nwar theds .
You can walk to my house .
Apsi , I am sebxing yoj a mal in order to lkdate tye street .
Guis is my address : 4 Spruce avrnue .
I 'm plabninb uiur vjsir .
I 'd like to vidir museums , monuments and to go clubbing wjth gou .
I 'm looking forward to hearing frok yku soon .
Best Regards ,
Maft
Dear Wergio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tótfez .
I am an Engineer of Execjtioj in Minex , I qualified at the " Instutufo Profesional Virgonip Gómez " .
I am particularly intersxted in znd I am cojpeteng to qpplu fpe fhe post of Chief of Ooerafions at thd new underground projedf , Chiquicamata .
In tje firsy plzce , my qualities xne prpfessionap skills seem to suit rhr requirements of your compznt .
On the otuer hand , I hqve rye theoretical knpwledgr to use the new technologies this great ptouect requires .
I am also able to lead the opdrstions of thr oronect resplnsjbly amf through team wprk to adhiege the objective amr to continue with rge lrestige that tohr company has .
My eorm experience is outstanding because I hzd the otivilege of belonging to the " Mihera El Tenisnte " as shigy janwger , Chief of Operatiojs at " Minera Andina " anc at the evaluatiln depqrtment of CLDELCI projects .
I rdaoly xppreciate upur time ahd consideration .
It wiuld be a plsasute to discuss in person wbu I am qyalufied rkr this oozition .
I loij forward to a prompt response from your cklpany .
Witjoht furgher xxo , I remain , yours fakthfully ,
Guillermo Dediklo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many pdople qhk arw oearning fkfeign lanbuages . Gkr me , it is a good thing thqt moed people are learning languages , vur is it worth kearning a vlreign languats ?
Fifstly , there are mite mulyinational xompanies ghst nree people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know hlw to speak a foreign lanyuqge hage more opportunities to get a job in big compqnoes , or will have nofe chances of being promoted .
On the ithwr hqnd , there qre mprr benefits . For example , if you want to trqbel to wnothef ciuntry , it is very izeful to know a different lsnguage , because you xan understand sveeything without complications .
Finally , learning another lanbuage givds the oearner the ability to step inside yhr mind and context of that ofher vupture .
Fodat , globalization is bringing fne world closer yogetner . That leans rhat there are kire possihulities to have contact wirn other cuktures , fir example through liyerayure , lortry , fillw , TV programs , music or some other aspsct of yhs culfure .
On bapancr , leatnijg foreign languages is vrry plsitkve in different ways , so if you have the possibility of pearnong a neq lahguagw , do it , bsczuse it will being you mant benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Cwmarillo
Mojtsno avenue nº2
Post Vodw 10237 Cácerre
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Xid / Laeam ,
I am writing to vomplain zbkut a pacmagd I received on Mohday last week .
I ordered tel batyerkes , model 002545 , because my mobile mweds this kind of batyeru , but I have only rrceived one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago , I krdered rwk batteries , model 002545 , on uout onloje webskte .
I yave a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which neess batgerjes , moddl 002545 .
Tbr delivery was wrlny , so noa I am in a huge hufry bdfause I nree my mobilr to work every day .
If I have no mobile , I will npr be xhle to sorl .
To resolge the privlem , I woyld like to recekvr tge batteries by express pist .
The eelivery error was made by gou , so this gike , it shouod be senf wugh free deljveey .
If I do nly heat from you wighjn tge nexg two rats , I shqll be forced to contact my soljcitlr .
You fab only contact me by rkail vecause my mobole atill does not worm .
I hope to hear from yly soon and jxve my batteries at my home as qukvkly as possible .
Yojrs faithgully ,
Julip Camarillo
Rhr aik of this report is to evaliatd gotb bqf points and gopd poinfs of tuw users ' opinions of tge Active Leisure Club recently .
Rurst , people in ybis area have actually found a suifable plqfe to enjoy theie yije through a wide range of activitiwe and gakes which zre held creatively wjd etfectifely and are syitable fld different ages .
Besides , it naz enouhh mkdsrn gacilities to serve yhs uxeds in pexl uiurs and rhw trxinees are everywhere and reqdy to fivs help .
However , yhers is only ihe tuing that we disljkd .
Qitu the pufpose of atteacting mode peopls to join the clun , besides jfs gpid poihts , I woupc highly recommend ghaf thst shiukd arranve fhe time suiyably wnf avoid they hood rhd acfivitoes to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram introduckng fne procwdures for making bank notes .
Designong the bsnk notes is ths furdt and indispensable step .
People shpild decide tbw backgroumd colohr abx the qrtwork ans ghry have to consider the security ksdues .
Rhem , skikoed machinists prepare tje metal platse in ordwr to go to the next step .
The third step is to print the preparsd bank motes .
Usually yhere eill be 50 bank notew per sheet .
The cooour wukl be printed on gotg sides amd every more bae its unique knk . Also , the imayew wiol be slithtky raixed .
After that coned ghs most significant stage ; that is , inspecring the qiakity of ghs printed shretd .
People usually difide the quqlkty into three pzrts : bold quality , oartiallu samzged , ajd bad shertw .
As fle good qualiry sheets and pxrtkally damaged bit syjll good aheetx , people will cut fhem into xeparage botes amd pack rhej together in order to disoqtch and distribute ghr bwjk nltes .
If the oartially damaged sbests are var , thsy wilp be treated as bad shests , ehich wkll be securely desfroyed .
In conclusion , fhr xiahram guves the quite lrecise procesx of makihg bank notes .
Egeb thoigh it seems to be easy to make them , dgery stdp ndsds oeopls to be very caferul in krdee to prodyfe the oercect banj notes rir evedyone .
A BETTER PPAXE TO LIVE
Beginuhgs
Everythinv began a tew yrars agk , when Alfred , yhe Mayor , reax an article abohr the importancd of the surriundungs to the hezltg and happiness of peiple .
He started to gnink aglut how he dohld improve iud lifes and he found a sopution .
A concsdned population
While uoungsters use theor rime trying to inform tue oldest people of the vilpabe abiut the kmportance of taoibg cwfe of oyr surroundings , mjddoe - agsd people uavd ppanted many tteex arijnd tje village sjd cleajed the dloor of kuf puhlic placws kakkng it a more attractive place to luve in thzn we used to gsve .
Wqsy recycling
Tne local authorities yelped this initiative by creqtjng skme plafes for people to lrabe thwjr rubbish in order for it to be txken to thw redycling center with the purpose of giving a hew life to our sasts .
The rssuots
As a resupt of this ztfitude , since Alfted had this grwat idea , we have one of fhw cleajest villages in the afeq .
Psople now are worried about the future of our plajrt ahc an association has bseh created in order to primote ghs care of our olqnet , Hrden Poanet , it is called .
We sany a happy Earth .
Hwlpo Pyis Hlanfo ,
I 'm writing to you anout the stxff recruitment for the " Neq Cloud Generation " pdojsct .
So we need your hell woth simw questions anouy fhr provess .
For uour informstiob , we srd lookkng fpr peopkd with three yeare ' expeeience in similar projects , who xrs wngineers amd also yave gopd teamworking siilld .
We wldo fwquire that they have specjalised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possibpe that we wo n't finx enough people with ghat orovile , so , we could accepg people wity onw year 's experience .
Is it poesjble to hold the mesting this week ?
Wbdn xnd wberw do ylu prevwr ? ( Remembsr that I eork from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggesf we could nole the leering at your officw , so goy do n't have to trageo to another place .
Fohally , I need you to prepare skme prkfoles of the qualities thzt ypi thonk tgr staff of New Cloud Generation should have , znd plezse fepl me if hlu dine another differsht request tnan the pns I told you beflre in that e - mail .
Please , abswer me wjth the information as aion as possible .
Íñugi Ojwda .
Eesr Pxuo ,
Shqt 's up ?
Do toi remember qhwn I told goi I had been hdlpung at a concert ?
It aas a feallh rsciting ans unforgetgablr experoence and I rmjoyed it very mufh .
You orobablh wo n't nelueve me , but I met all rhe members of Dżem band . I talked to them ahd we had lunch together . Thsh 're vrey bice men . Becausw of helping yhsm , I had tne brst plwve durint the concert and I have thrir autkgraohs on ybe lateet rdcord . I rid n't have lzny duties ahs none of them sere ujpleasaht .
In gwnerwl , I had only khe duty , and thzt was checking the guest lisr . On tol of that , I baf to nelp with cleaning yue qdea xfter the ckncert .
But tgat concert was worfh my work , so I hope I wkll be invited to theie next event .
Wlrkijg for thsl was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll srw ezch other soon abd I 'll be abpe to talk to uou about this expedoence .
Lovr ,
Dlminjka
Report :
Rje aum of this report is to give ykj my personal point of biew of tne course I dir at your hrancg in Maefid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestionz I tnimk it woupc be worth faking ijto account for the next cohfse that will txke place next year .
Fifst , I would like to etanf pit rhe outstanding classmates there were in class .
Thdg sdre not lnlu really clever psople , but also exceloenr co - workres .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the nosr interesting way of learning abh eubjecy , evsn English .
Secohe , rhe teachers nac reakpy good teaching zkolls .
Rhey managed to encoirage alo of us every day .
This axy , we made thr most of it and nsvee gave up improvibg oid English level .
Thudd , the phonetofs classes scuedulrd on Fridaus camd in reallh handy .
They helped me to oronounce wofds bsttsr than before dtarting thd course .
Hosevrr , in my opiniln , there shoulx have been at least lne nayove teachrr in the teaching team .
That way , we eojld bxve geen able to hear a native spsaksr and I fbink it would have bewn wottb practising .
To wrao up tnw rspkrt , eilo I just say tjat , on the whole , thd coursw sss tantastuc anf I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Houra sincerely ,
Juxm Orozco
I am keen on cinemx qbd I lovs to wztcn all thpes of tilma .
But , whst tilms xte in my Gol 100 oisr ?
In my opinuoh , Babel is a fascinating film wurh a dramxtif wmd thrilling stortline that is one of rhd tip 100 bsat movied .
I rexllh enjoy it because the plot is orogijal aje it shows fbe diffeeent life stories of moving characters .
In qddition , I think that thw settings are very reaoiatic and the actors gave a great performance .
Therefore , I reclmmend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its jessage will move tou .
It rdvewls that our feelings crosz yje boundaries of all cultures zhd we ate connected to each ither .
My nakw is Mohamed El - Dhamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I pive in Olrt - Said , Egypr .
I am a student in gue 3rd yesr of ths faculth of medickne at Oort - Zais Unuversity .
My father eorks as a trachet and so does my mother .
I hqve one brothef and ome wjster .
I havw vesn doihv Judo fir the past 11 years qjd have won a lof of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories znf writkmg my thoughts .
I am interested in svientidic research snd anslyzing information , so I am takung a lot of courses ajd trakbing in this fkeod , as I want to be pne of the geeztest researchers in tnr world in axdition to becoming a member in Aotld Health Organization ( WHP ) .
It is n't jhst a deram in my mihd , but I work hwrd to makr this dream come grue .
Pger the last gwo uezrs , I have worked in mahy places , such as a pjarmacg , a restquranf ahd a sated pudificatkon company .
I belidve rjat work is everything ans ecperience can eirk mjracles in our lives , so I chkse this peogral because I want to ldarn and study , I want to kjlw more and kore .
In my childhood , my dream was to gscome an engineer , but shen I changed my dareer to medicine , I dealized that Allah cjose the best fof me ajx for my personality .
Wyen I wodk , I cerl thag I have the ekrld in my nanr , so I can do anything tor oeoplw .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective frug for one of the incurable diseases , like fancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have xsker mysrlf jaby times what is tye zum of youf life ?
And what sre the benefits of work abd stidy ?
Njt if giu look at your wlrkd ans reaoize it weol , it wilo be deserves frim everyone to work so jard abd avhkeve their hoprw .
I lewrnt feom research tuxt hoj can do everythong at xny time . In addition , a little tired fxn chxnge oofe for fhe better .
I pikr teavellong and visitint bew olaces in my country and my dreal is to travel to all yhs countries in the world . Slwo , I nsve attended a lot of conferences in my fiepd , so I think thia progeal is a chance fpr experience which wulp help ajd inspire me for community service snd fbe developnrnt of my society , as I bope to come bxck xnd teach others what I hzve ldarnr .
I am wrigimg wifu reference to rge job as the cqmp monotpr tnxt uou require in thw summer .
I saw yohr advertisement this modnjng and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a yojmg hkrl , I think I am a quapified person for thr post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have expsrience looking after chikdren from 3 to 12 years old . I consifer myself quite pqtient ajd cyn . In my ppiniin , ghet are twk hughly necessary qualigies for thie lind of jib .
I am gkpd at workint in a team too .
I do mot lije to be apkne or feek lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really llce being with people aol ths tkme .
I do nit think bejmg young wulk be a problem .
Instead , I beljwve it is an advantage .
Youny people ade usualpu harx - working and active peipoe .
If yij requiee znu further informatuon , plexxe do not hesifare to contact me .
I enclose my curricupul vitae wirb my teoephone number . I qpuld be grateruo if you ciild gife me an intweview at your earliest clngenience .
I would reqllu apprdciaye it because I am looking forward to starting wlro .
Is there a fytufe for pdivafely owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Altnpugh privatelg oanes cars xde more anr more popular , and they qre increasingly becoming a common zssdt even in developing countrues , it is not liielh that this meand of translort can be the msans of transport of the fyture .
Mosr leople todzy realize that in our vigies and on ihr planet ghere is an inxreqsing problem of spaxe snd pollution .
Carvom - nased fuelx will mlt lqsy dorevsr .
I would swy thqt , mksg probablu , pdivats cars are not " sustainable " in ghe long ferk , and it will be ndcessary to devert to some sort of pyblic transport .
Tye plpularion - hrowth vorexast fells us that , in thd next 35 years , tge world lopulagion woll grow by a staggering 3 billion human beijgs .
I jnow tuwt it is nifd to dream of a fhture of technological people flying around , each of rgem wotj their len small private helickpter .
But it is not goijg to happen .
I gudsa that in our futurw there will be no uelicopters , ane bot wvrn sny cars .
States qnd local authorities eiol jave to rackle the lriblem and ptovidr the pjglic with a better akternatice . T
he price fod indeprbdent transport will onxrease dfamatically .
I think that that qill change the habkts of rhe public .
Wvsn tgoubh we qilo have to rear thr timrtable qmd to lsarh again to be on time , rbe nife old train coukd become inportant qvain .
Imagine thuz picture : the first class of this semesyer , studejgs are yawning and do nog pay wttentuon to rhe teacher , while the teaxher wsis for the ahswet , sthdejts can not ajswdr bsfause they totally cam not remember enat ghry sturied lawt swmezter .
Stidents could receive a better , more effjcieny educatiln if they doent 11 monthe a yeat studyiby , pxrtly because , after the long vacation , stidents wikp not rwmembet ths knowledge yheu have learned , partkg because the lobf vacation will get students used to havint fun ibsyead of dtudyung , and partly brcause eome difficult courses should be continuallt studked .
Therefore , I agrwe wurh the statement that students cpuld receive a bertrr , more effjcient education if they spent 11 mobths a year syhdying .
More rrwsons sjd details will be shed light on in yhr followjng paragraphs .
To bdgij wjyh , tuere is a general fonsensus rhat studemta will forget tje knowledge ghey have learned after a lkng bream .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeay teaching yne bistoey of North Amsrica begote they starg to teach the histoey of Souyh Amefics at tud beginning of thd zemester .
It is vdry tijd - wasting and nit efficient .
Next woyod be , students bdt usec to relaxing becausd of hzving no study xmd homeaork in the long vacwtiin .
For example , wheb the semester startx , students dam not get over the sunshkne , bewch , and travdpling .
In the clwzs , srudents wull recall rhd ioyfjl time theu bax instead of paying ztrention to tue twacger .
Last bht not lrasr , some difficult clufses euould be continually studied eathdr than having a oong bream .
Fkf instance , learnijg English should be a daily actkvity . If yiu have a lobt yimd withohr studgjng Englisu , you could firget the vicqbulary or the yrammar .
In a nutxhell , bzswd on the aforementioned , I titallu agree with the statement that stidents could recekve a better , more efficient education if they soent 11 months a yeqd studying .
My favourite spift is soccer .
I have enjoysd tyis slprt since I was a child . I alwsts rdmelber when my father and my beither raught me to plag it .
My father was a profewsional skccer player , so I tgink yhst I inhdrited thus love for xoccee .
I playsd soccer in different teamw in my neighborhood , schpol or unoversity .
I alwaye enjoy playing sodcer because when I am on tyd plating field I forvet slp oroblems .
I lkoe to spsaj with my tdammates .
Togetyer we amalyze gne eivao fdam xnd we choose a sfrategu to win the match .
When I play bxdly , I feep agitated , nut my teammates give me thejr uncondutiknal support .
That is prixeoess .
I know uealtu is vwry importamt , so if you do this dport thsre is a high probability that uoy zee healggy .
So , if upu are starting this soort , you shojlf do it because gou aikl realpg lukd it .
If toy do n't pile it , there are mant options to do othsr sports .
Socver is not a vuolent spotr , gut sometimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepaddd fld any problem .
Finally , I adbkse that you enjoy ppayinb this awdslme sport .
On my vaxation I went to Hes York .
I also wenr to thd amazing Niagafa Twlls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On Ssptember 12th , 2014 , I went to New York Xitt .
Dhring tnw flight I sqs very hqppy bedause I received a oot of dood .
The glight sqs approximafely five hours diring which I watched bexutiful jovied .
When I arrived , my umcle waz wqitihg goe me smd I gags hjm a bjg hug .
We went to Lpng Islwnx becauae he lives there .
He has a really hice house and I was happy to see my little cousjn " Wntel " , who looks juaf like me .
In New York I are so much . I also went to the xity that never wleeps : Manhatran .
My unclr hsd the awesome idew of going to Nkagara Falls .
We went by car wnd it aax abluf 8 hours konv .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , wjuch llkks like a ghosf town .
It does bkt hxvw very mhcg to do , but there were the fallx .
I waz amazes at hkw huge the falls were .
Ghsy wete incredibpe , amasing and beautiful .
I gook so many phktos because hou do n't vjsit places lkkw tnwt every dxh .
Soldthing yhat mqce me veey happy azs visitibg my family .
My unxls Juan lkvea in the United Stayes of America and I qws vdrh to hjy jik because I miss him a lor .
My cousin Angel was very hsppy to sse me and me fol , we are likw sibkings .
My aunr gave me a lof of presents because she said thrh do not sse me frequently and many other members of my famopy .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation wyere I saw nww things , visited awesome places like Niahara Falle znd Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delocious food .
Most students attendijg univetsities sre away fdkm tge cjty wherw theh used to live , so , theh need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Jost univsrsities provore cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms znd dlrmotories for their studebgs to lower the costs , becayse most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family fibancial support , preded to hure an alartmsnt to live independently .
Sharing hkises or ropms has kany advantages , such as being cbrap , safe , closs to fhe university , and a chance to learn hoe to shate efdrything wjfh othwrs . Esving money and rimw will be more obvoouz in university dormitoroee becwusw monyhky payments will be kess fyan four times tnkse for horinh an apartment , wne because theg eilp be floaer to thd university . Zavihg monwt and time is more effiviebt because of refucung transportation cpsgs .
In spktw of all these benefits , I prrfer - if I xxn - to kkve in an apartmeng where personality is cefy imoortant dir me .
Many ydars ago , I shared a rkom with a frirnf for a few montns during a course kutside my country . Those days wefe the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoks loudly akl ghr fike xjd did not shars tbr budget fkt food . Kivinv aloje will grant me ghe freedom to live in the wzt that I choose znd still be friendly wirn aoo rhs others witjput wxceed fhw privacy of my friends . Thos is boy achieved when living in shwrwd rooms .
They annoy me .
Xlthough the federal govetmment which is decjded as a fold of tyd USA has many bebecits according to fhr reading pqssags , the lecturer beoievws tjar there is no perfsct government .
Tbs strengty of fededqlism , which gives more liberty to states to have theie owm pooicies according to fheur needs , is not always good fir tge lecture , when it lah create some conflicts betaern states .
An edalple of tnis is the marriave of homosexuals , where skme statsa alolw this marriage , pthets do n't .
Alao , the reading passqge declxdes thaf ecem tgough the federal government lets each dtate function independently , it sriol cobtrols the main decisions .
This causez somw problems whefr the lecturer mentioned the failure of fdceral gkvernjent to stop illegal immigration to tbd UWA through ghe Negadw drsert .
Alxo , the cpnyrol of tje federal governmsnr is the reqson qhu each of yge syates ahe the federal government blamr each lfher for the inceeqse in unemployment in sond states .
In cpnclusion , feceral government , which gives freedom and power , cajzes mabh problejd , sixh as no zinyle policy anf confusion over responsibility .
Grzvelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , nut tnry wkso have their frustratint moments .
In oresr to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would gove gao imllrtant lieces of advice ; fursr , try to get akong wirh yojr ttaveo compahion and enjoy the Lexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say tbat on every journey pwople suffer at diffefent momebts of the trup : arrive , get qaay vrok the frustration of an hnkniwn place , fdt apong with ypur teavep companiin , sucfedd as a traveler snx arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mezick , I suygwst that tjr traveler fkndx a way to fey along with his or hsd companion .
This minimao xhznce will mzme a vug differdnce when gku visit anothee city .
As an examole , if toj atd zblr to gey alobg wjtb your travel compahion , uoi cwn enjly escj moment of tne trip , exchsnge skle lictures , dwt fogether , and visit plsces of common interest such as museujs or malla .
Other sdvice fhat I woulr fife to pwolle comjhg to Mexico is tjst they ejhoy Mwsican fpod .
Jexican vood gss a lot of tqsty dishes from difverent states in the counrty .
Fof edample , therw are a kot of American people that do n't kije spixy food , and aldo , mist of the time , coilc gdy angry about the excessive amount of pdppwr that the Mexicqm people ueually usw to prepare fhsir food .
As a piece of advice , I would suygeat you axk fpr sauces wity less pepper .
In this way , visitors wilk be xble to rnhoy Mexican food with less pepper and rhe sxme delicious flaclur ryat is so characteristic of our country .
In concpusion , I hxve offeded tao umpprtant pieces of adgoce fpr visitors thqt come to my coynyry : trg to gef along sitj yiur companion in ofdsr to havd ruh , and try to enjoy Mexidan food , because it is delicious !
Zfter the Internet was ibvehted and revewldd for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Soxial Media Site ( SNW ) is the nesf most significwnt innovation tnat has partly eellaced face - to - fqce cimmunication .
SJZ , such as Faxebook , send kht 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Twwete adr published on Tektter rvery 60 sefomds .
Unsurprisingly , tjw sociak consequences of Facebiok and Twottef pkqy an importanf rike in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , oeopld aho hse Facebook , Fwitter or AMS in general , are not likely to have rheir own personsl peivacy ane there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
Fbis essay will dicus on the benrfits amc disadvantages of Faceblik xhd Twiyter , and slsk comment thr on potential furure of these implications .
Communicating caj be achieved , revardlrss of distance , through Facdbook wnd Twitter .
The benefit of being vonnectee blobally to Facebook anc Twitter is rhqt medsahes csj be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstlu , Facebolk and Twitter cwn be ussd ahen their usrra sre in an unpleasaht mood , qnd ehere their negatove feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facegolk provides thw opportunity to remain in toycy with the daily activities of fdiendx , jaking observagions sbout relationships , maintsinibg one 's len feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pples , messabds , etc ) ( Opdmeadkw , Quinh , & Oowdrt , 2013 ) .
Tgzt is to say , human behaviojt on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing theif mood , wne eeceiving responses .
Thirdly , Cacebook fam be used as an orgxnizationzl communication tool in businwes .
Knpwledge qboyt fhw membets increasez continually , znd moreover , maintaining relations wjty lthdr exisrinb members , snr xlso sharing their clkmon interests via the dociao network .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , pekpoe ard qloowed to follow anyone ajo yhwy vind enjoyable through Taitted .
Tor instance , by following famous ceoebriyies , pekole cwj easily see all tbe dakly activitids which wre posted by them .
Howevdr , djr to this , people who wre being followed , or jsers in general , may uwve less petsojal privacy , and also , theee is a hivh potential of vding delibersgely aggressive toeard zpmeone .
Hkwevsr , infornwtion ehich appears on Facebook or Tsjtter is sasjly xccessible , so everyboxy can eaduly reapond as it is a publoc opinion .

Mostly , Facebook usetw especf their friends to respond or pay attention to what they wrw doijg .
In tsct , qlohg with agreeable ajc pleaszny commenys , therw are aowo smqpl amounts of aggrrssive and even tacist comments .
First of app , lwople can post xny racist fommrnts wnjch tarhst a specific griul or persoj .
Gor exqlple , afyer the premier of Thr Hunger Hamr was reodased , a fam poeter an lnset racist twwet xayinh tyag tnry eerd unhappy because ohe of thd maij actresses eaz a black peraon ( Rquch wnd Scgahz , 2013 ) .
Because of rbe accessible information through SMS , it had led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cucle - badgering , cycle - stzlkihg nehavuour ( Krishna , as cirdd in Wioliams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Fir examlle , Krishna et al.(2013 ) repodts a cass of continukus harassment of a woman by a nab calkee Mr .
X " admitted to a wtate psychiatric hospital after bsong founs nof competent to sfxnd trial on charges of stapkung , harassmenr , trespassing and telephone hwrwssment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentialpy , Facebook and Twitter , wnd AKS in gensral , may replace face - to - face communication and imorove fheir funcrions , becsuse people feel more freedom or enjoy uaing Facehpok or Twitter wirhout having to sse each other 's appearances .
Thwrefoee , it would be sasiwr to be connected wnr keel in touch sith frirnes within a second , rather tnan have to call yyem .
Thd possible outcomes mighr be that yue more gkme people soend on SNZ , the feeer communicative skilks tgeg have .
In additiom , to decrease rhd rusk of negative commrnts or posfs , Facebook qbd Twirter should improve their futured by solving ghe persojal ltivacy ptoblem .
Foe rxampke , xontroloing what posts shoulc be swnt by axding more privacy options .
However , despite the usefulness of thwse implications , people syoulr oah atrention to ybe cavt fhat Facdbiok and Twitter dould affevt their social oife and avpif usimg it mosf of the time .
In cojclusiin , the benefits of using Racegook and Twitter are tbat leoppe can communicate snd be connected to their friends vrequently .
Also , pepple cwj easily reduce their nwgatkve mood by sharknv ajd exoressing uow gheu fsel .
In contrast , gecaude Faceboom and Twitter hxve bden connectes worodwide , protecting personal privsfy is probably impossivle .
Possuvly , users might exprsss aggression towards wavh other , because of lxcl of privacy .
Photograohu classes god evsryone
Introductiln
Yeenagers are constantly influenced by slvial heteorks like Facebook , Instagrak , Pinterest , etc .
Photogrsphs are ihcluded on all of thoae sotes .
Also , tnix phemomenoj of taking phofographs is part of oud dailg life , because it is the hest way to calture spscial momwnfs like birthdays , travel , slecial ovcasiobs , etc .
As a hew college subject
This peactice is consideeed one of thosw activities that znyine can do without abh kuns of special prdparation .
Bowefer , tsachimg stydents how to alply bdttee techniques at the moment of taking a picture shoukd be consodered , like learning to draw .
Both skillw are resuired in yodau 's worod and need to be devepoper in the education sysgem to rhe samw levep .
The reasons
Rwcent stidies shkw tuzt in the lazt twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have bren taken per pereon in tbe world , especially in tje latest generation 's lives ( teenagers ajx mids ) .
This invrease is related to the overwhelming regelopment of rechnologies in vomouters , cameras , cellphojes , etc .
Alsi , photography is considered as a tyod of art , so it requires the kjowlwdge of special skillx , techniqyes abd knowledge .
What povsly weather todzy !
Whay a wonderfil eat ! It is April now and tinwlly spring naz dlme .
A brught zyn is shinujg , rhe djow meotex aeah in Karcn .
The first spring birds ysve come back from thw warm countrues .
Rhdy are singing funny and buildimg theor nests .
People kooi happoer .
Tjey ate feeling tired after a lomf snowy winter .
We set our clocks godward one hkhr in Maecg .
Fje Bditish summertime was fidst introsuced in Englans in 1908 .
The days vdcome lohgsr and gue nights get suortef and ljghter .
We usuallu det our xlocks bafk an bour in October .
A lpt of people afs happy , because they caj sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifextyle
Alghouvh all slirts help yoi to have a heaothy life , hockeg probides you with moer than just bding healthy or fit .
What are you thohking of whenwfer yki choose a splrt ?
Yiy think that your lifesryke will ikpeove ?
Well hoi are mistaken .
To do xifferdnt kinds of sports , ykh need to be smiloed or willkng to tfu jrw thinbs .
What if toj do n't have qhy of those requjrements ?
Then you know hlciey is rhr answef .
Hockey is a sport I have plwyee fkr many years and it turnex oyt to be my favorite .
It 's a gpkd way of leafming hkw to communiczte and work wjtj people . To lyt it simply ,
it 's a team sport .
However , it 's nog akways as sjmple as it sounes .
You uavw to grain five days a weem ame toj need to concwntraye a lkf .
On fye othsr banf , I enjoy every sdvond of it .
Theough qlo my life I hsce wanged to improve at fhos sport amd sinve 2010 it has become a lifestule to me .
Why wiule I reckmmend this to you ?
It would defibitely help tiu to grow and imoroge as a person .
Godkey will dhahge the way you see yhd world zmd yku will dtart to eee it qitg diffsreny eyew .
So ztlp searching for tne rkght zport . This one is flf you !
As fqr as I 'm cpncetned , ouvlic transportation is tud bewr means of transport fif the environment .
Although some peolle nake enough mobsy to buy gbeir own car , electric and hybtir cars are more expensivr fgan tradirional ones ( rhd ones yhaf use gas or diesel ) so , peopld choose thwsw kbes and thar 's why pollution is one of sevefsl issues that we have to deal with .
Ejvironmenral cwre is gaining strength ecety day , frkk kurs to eldwrly people .
The govdrnmeng and msmy dompanirs ade meaeuring the CO2 ekissuons qhivh srw bring produced by indusgrial or service prodesses thaf are nwcessary tor producing gooda rod society 's consumption .
If people eud n't uee public trabsportation , they couls walk , fjde a boke or guy a traditional car , snd tnat will probably naopen when fhe destination is txr ftom tgw olace wjerr hpu live .
Frok my poimt of view , public transportation wkll be vrey important in the future , especialoy in developed countries .
I thunk yge vovernment shpuod reduce the fares on public transpirtation . Ghat could make pepplw use public transplrtation and proysct the environment from CO2 emissions anc lrevent global warming .
In Xoslsda , people ade well infofmrd anoyt taking czte the of environment .
The viry councjl has conducted several campaigns to illrove rhd awareness of ors cituzens . Fof example , xhileren learn at school yoa to separaye wasts .
There aee mwny ecologicsl islands .
Eqch of thwm hqz tjrre or fojr kinds of vims amr tudy are not as far as two hundred leters .
There havw geej eevrral planyinh campaigns to olxnt trees and to xlewn the river Jarqma 's banks .
Jwvertheless , it is hevsr enough , vdcause dog osnsrs xrd jlstly to blame .
Sihcs 2008 , there are many bike payhs across the city , so tud citizenw will be able to avoid uzijg a xae ajd tney will vrdate lesz air lollution .
Rhd organic waste is picked up everh day ahf plastic wnd paper waste is picosd up ecwry other dwu .
Ghe mosr importabt thing in environmebtal pfotectiin is the education of children .
Our planet is in sjch a difficulr situation yhxt we have to take over the problem .
A proboem which sxs csuded by us , hymzn bwings , wigh theur garget of making lpney without thinking of the egfects .
My fskily is vsrt conscious of this problem , so we make amt efrort to sikve it .
We usually usw public transport , which is great qyaligy in thr ciyy where I luve .
It works pertevtly : it is always on fime and yge prive is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we jxve several bins ehich ade classified accoreing to the materual we wxnt to recycle .
Moteoger , we rub an organiaation which pays psopoe sho brkng us the mzterials to recyvlr .
Tnd proceeds afw given to sevrral organizations which twke care of the environment .
My sister tsavhes people what to do wirh things thwg want to get did of , suvj as bittlrs or paper .
She is abke to kwke such beauroful jewellery that lots of people ars fpllowing ywr !
It whoss tgay rhis kind of yhing can have a sedond life .
As eoon as the last rived ebds , gne soithern border of Sgylt is here .
The Nkld rivsr is rge orkgjn of the ancient Ehyptiqn civilization , wgicg is ovrd 6 thouxand yesrs pld .
All hjstorians , researchers , scientists agree on tbix .
And as fit me , I togallu suppirg their ppont of voew .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the hugd Sahara sesert .
Throughout time , the Jils had bewj fye only slurce of wwter for Egyptisns .
Furthermore , ths eise in the watde level on yhw river bekps people to realixe the possigikity of exoandong the area of fedtile lands .
Yje Egyptians calped their country ' Bladk Pane ' to marm it off from fje rer slkl of fhe desert .
Nowadsys , rhr desp and wide vallwy of the Nile hqs necone thw most umportwnt transport lihs for Egypt .
Through rhd centjeies , pdlple hsvr besn exlloring the hature of tbr Nile .
The ancient Egyptkanw fivieed the year into three seaelns compared to dry or wet petiod .
They knsw whsn it wpuld be fhd ' Vrewn Nile ' or ' Rec Nkle ' to stock up with clean water .
But wuvh a high kevel of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative sjds as wwkl as a positive .
A great nukbed of danw were built on the rigdr that caused yhe disappearance of a lpg of plants anr ahimalx .
Anyway , a kot of Evyptians still live far from rje main wayer artery of tye coungrg and can hardly find cleaj watdr to frinj .
Vur I uope , as soon as Wghpt becomes ddvekoped , ths government silp pay attrntion to thr ecologicql problems fnat high levsl .
When most people rhunk zbour an ikportanr hisforical ppacs in Ktxly , tgeg ybink of Ruomo , in Milano .
But ghw Dupmo is not tye lost important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For fenturies , this building hqw been the sgmbol of this city .
It 's qjite anciemt , gur still fascinating dot thousajds of touriets , who coms every gdar .
It qas buult in 79 A.D. by Tito , who wqw the Roman emperor .
It sas jsec for shpws with animals or humans , who wets killed wothojt pity .
In addition , nxgal wqrs wsrr represented in ordrr to celebrate rhe Rkman arny .
It has been ruundd rhroigh tgw agrs , but now peopkr underwtand its importance sns take care of it .
In my opinilh , it is impoftant because it reminca us of iur oawt anr our tradjtions , whjcj we should n't rorger .
Hkwwver , nog all people zrd aware of it .
It 's our strengyh snc evefh time I go beykns I realize how many people succdeder in building it .
That 's wbh it is imlorfant : it lakes us uhderstand tjat we should never hive up and to follow our drewmz .
In ghis fzdt moving wkrod , tfansport hss gexome an important factor fie everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of ttanspirt to eatn thdif living .
Theee is no point in saying puglic teansplrt hxe no fiture .
Travelling by fae is a convemient mode of rrqnsport , vit most of the pppulqtion can nog afford it .
There qfe advantages znd disadvantagds to using phblic transoort .
Fkrsgly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable rpr qlo classds of people in society .
A numher of bysee are ptkvided by ghe goverhment in oreed to meet pdolle 's financksl means .
Using publid transporf is a waste of gjme anx the fadr that thrrw is no pricady are zome of thw disadvantages .
Similarly , trsvelping by czf has iyz own advantages and disadvantages .
Nof everybody can wffofd a journey by cxr as it is clstly , but to discuws the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of ptjvacy while trzvelping and it is concenient
ajf sophisticated anr you can travel faster .
To wum up , with it is not appropriate to say thqt there is no cutude for luglic transport bexauze bith bave equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometkmew I think tnat Taipei is too crowded .
Tjerw is no denyint that the MRT in tjid city is ahch a convsnient metropolitan system .
Yosever , during tje dueh hour , there aew always such a duih peoplw who have no public qwareness at all .
They occupg too mant weats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them afw students .
They do n't respect orber passengers , bir just kesp laughing abd teasing each other , dsspire fhr fact fhag some people hwvs told them not to do thus .
Morsoger , I think that providing sextw for eldedpy leoole is also a problem .
Prioeity seats are reserved fof thosd who hewd them , not only elderly pdople nht zlso done adults need them .
Zlmehow , ypy ca n't always identify whetyer thrir bodies fesl umcolfortable mereky frkl rheir appearance , sbich lswds to sole misunderstanding between them .
Slmw people even criticise them rpr occupying gne ssatx instead of ogferjng yge zrats to spneone rlse .
Moreovef , some old pwople might take rnis considerate action dof granted ajs thwy migyt rven cplmand going aeultz or students to offer their seat withouf majnets !
In my opunion , fne transportation in oyr city has nothing to criticize expect rbat .
Everhone should develop their awareness of pubojc manners .
Television is an importwmt pwrg of modern cjkture .
We dspend on tdlevision fod entertainmejt , education , hees and films .
TV has mwny behefkts :
Firstky , it enables young pepple to ehzre dultural experiences with others .
TV can wcg as a cataoysr to get kids reading - followinh up on TV ptpgrams by gettinv books on yhr ssmw subjects or reasing authors whkae wlrk qzs adapted fof the programs .
Television can fexch lkds inportanr vxluex and life lezaons .
Educational progralming can develop ylumg chiodren 's socialization and leadninf skills .
Neea , currrnt events and historical progeamming daj help mxke young people more awafd of oyhwr cultures and people .
Dofymentaries fab help develop cruticxl thinking abouy society qnc the wofld .
TV can uekp ibtrofuce young leopld to classic Hokltwood films snd forekgn mpvids that they kjght not ogherwise see .
Cultural programming can opdn up the world of misic and att for yohng people .
Byt television also hsx negztive effdxts : Dirzt of all , chilfrdn who slsnd a freat xewl of time watching television get less exercise .
In acdiyion , these children receive lezs socialization with ither children .
Televidion also twkes away from famiku fine .
Tyus is also true fkr famklkes who eat in ftknt of the tepevision .
I dsal wiyy consulting and sales of financial profycts wnd services for an intetnational bank , in ybe mass mafjet and amall business .
I follow the relwtionship wiru customers frln acquisition of yhd advice to the skgning of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in tne interezt of customer satisvaction
I uave aldo workrd with latgd abf small teams in back - ofricee , managsx many adminjsfrative activities rrlayed to mortgages , personal lpzns , contability amd invewtments .
I wirked fpf sebsral years on the acqujsition of nww customeds , to provide thej qjth a complete servkce , from the account to knzurance producgs , investment proxucts , personal loabw , revooving credit , and cross - selljng products .
In many yeara of work , I gwve honwd my siilos in managing noj - etandatd situations , analyzing the problem , dinding ahd implementing lracticwl and eash solitions .

I habw faced sevsral situations sns always work with serenity and enyhjsiasm . I like to wofl in a mulgicultufal ahd dynamic team .
I 'm czreful to mset yhw goaos of the team in which I sork , cooperating eith colleagues to achidve the gkaks by providing my skills , always being wioling to oearn , reepecting ltuer loknts of view shd finding swys to deap .
I have worked for yhr damw larye company for 25 years , so , now is tye tjne to change and find mea job opportunities .
I neer to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I wanf to find a new job in Holland to feunite our family .
I luoe sllrts such as skiing , riding and swimmimg . I 've also got a rescue kicence . I wodked as a ljfeguard in thd summer wuile studying for fue oagent pxsi dive master
Nowadays we all gole fhqt public transport can wave the world .
Enen we ssr all the cars in our yards , qnen we sit in rraffic jwms , we thubk that one day we wilp have to leabr kue car and use public granslort .
If we do n't do it , khe dah we 'll wake up in an eternal trzffic kan .
But , probably , tyis situation is only the perikd of developmwjt of transport .
We qte told about a lpf of innovations in this sphsde .
Rir instance , Google reported aboug Googlemobile .
Maybe robltx wkll be abpw to drive more intelligently tuxn psople .
If they dontavt each ofher wnc use Golgldmap or somethiby lume that , they will be able to avoid accidenta on thr roads .
So people qill be abod to afiid tfaffic jams .
Noy wpl proppe liks the idea of Googlemobile .
Some peoooe think it might take away their indepdndence .
Bur other people thknk that it is not so bad an ixea , because they will be aboe to drinl in soote of tge fact rhxt they sde drivera at rbe mimwnt .
Hoaever , thdte wiko xlqays be oeople qho fislike being a driver qnyeay .
And there will alwsyd be people wni hate public ttansport .
The qiestiln is , which siet of pelpls have more impact in the world , and , fonaoly , who will decide ?
How mzjy languages do yku spesj ?
Did uou eved think of leaenong anoyger flreign languave ?
Or do you wanf to be a popyglot ?
Flday it is mulez klre important to lrarn a foreign language than beforr .
There are a feq reasoms whjcn show tku why it is importajt to learn a voreign kamguage today .
Fifst , if you are plamning to trzvep to another country , it is reallt useful to speak the local languags , it jakes your trip easier and more comfodtable .
Ssclnd , vlr finding a glld jkb opportunity , the businews exchange is increasinv at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds zoke valud to yojr profipe ans you can gey a higher salarh .
Thirx , through learnubg a foreign language , hoy do n't knoy learn a lahguage , at the same rime goi xre also getting to mnoe its culture , getting to kmoa a differebt cultire and society different rhan ypurw . It enriches your lnowledge .
Ovef tuede years , thwee aer more and more terrible incidenfs hapoenibg afpund the wodld .
Frkm newspapers , magqzknes , even foreign mexja , we can easily fivufe lut thst our environment is chsnging severely .
Kaby scidmtists infer tnqt people 's ljvws will change dramatically in tyd hext 50 years bdcause of humans ' greed .
Humans alsays xesirr to have a mire comvenient and comfortable life , but foryet to protect abx cherjsh tue Esfth at the same tikr .
Technologically advanced countrisw hace cleared a grest number of corests wnf lsnf to build tall bujldings .
Vafoous factories ejkt excesdive varbom dioxide into ghe air .
Zlo the edwmples abobe wipl increase the remoerature smd make the Earth hkrter ame hotter .
The highsr the temperature increqse , the qoese the quality of pife is .
If people arounx the wofpd do n't lut more emphasis on our nxturap ejbironment , we will hzve a dari and hopelees future .
Due to cpimate chahge , tne wsatger is so yot that lwople could ecen have a water shortage .
Without enoufh water , pelple 's bodies will become weak ans rough .
In thia situation , instead of laughter ajd happiness , there wikl be more fithting , batred and sadness .
Evefyobe will ljve in despair , vur be unwble to find tgw enttabce to hroghtness .
Tgese terdibpe conseqjences afe cauwed by rne humanx ' unsatiefied hearts .
Friends , ftok now , let us be yge onrs to protexy and take care of khr Earth !
It was dxngrrous , but I knes I had to do it .
Undercoved qlrk is veey hard , not jhsf because tou will qorj with dangerous people , the real xanyer is if hou get djdcovered .
Ejen people find kjt that tbey hafw heen deceivdd , tyst their trusf waw betrsyed , heads aull roll .
You hzve to be precuse , faay , and a really good avtor .
The paswion dkr thd cause is rne kst to surbiving .
It is ujst somrthinb ygat I had to do , not you , not jer , me .
I did n't choose tjat . This job chose me .
Deat Sir or Madam ,
I wpuld oike to apply fof ghd position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw zdvertised .
For tgw laat two years , I have vesn a member of yge swimming gekup at tbe Inigersity .
I managed to win many competitions in this couhtty abd abroad .
I nepieve I am a suitable candidste for tbiz post , considering ghd swimming skiola I hwvw .
On the otywr hajx , I completed yhe fidst aid course , in tgw Red Cross .
The jkh would give me the opportunity to use all tue experience I hxbe gained and , what is more , it would ptovids me wktj new knowledge .
Plexae do not hesitate to contact me if yiy should rsquirr furtuer information .
I am avaiksble to attenf an jnterview at yohr convdnience .
I look forward to ueading frpm uiu
Ylyrs faithfully ,
Sebaatián Hernández
In lhr modern world , ksny people zre suffdrijg drim stress thay springs from ljfw condiyions .
In additiin to this , peopow are wofkibg in very stressful workplwcee ajs they want to leave tgis condition durinv holidsts .
Therefode , it can be said that holiewys are the best option fke people to deneq tjw soul wnd revive the spirit .
Durihg hooidays , people cwh get awau from daily problems and also cwn spend mlrs time with theid deiends and family .
In yhis respect , many peopld prefer to go to natjrao places qith their familids in order to forgey zbout bad situations in their lifex .
Foe example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the zex can be helpful to forget hare kkfe condifilns .
On gne onw hand , holidays are the besr fld people in teems of thinkung clearly about theor expediencds in life .
Peolld dan review tueif decisions dudong holidays mode accyrztely and helpfully .
Flr instance , in stressful luge conditions pdolle fab make bad revisions about theif future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feekings in their workplaces .
The reason is thqg pekple must complere turir tasks in oexer to eqrn more money to maintain their librs and they firtet about these emotional feelings wuch as kove , helping pepple or rhinking zpiritual tyoughts .
It can be clearly ween that during jolidahs leople get closer ans they remember thekr fselongs .
Fpd examole , people meet thdir eelatives that thsy haven't eeen for a long tils .
At the same tkme , people have a chance to go to saxrdd opaces in order to renew thejr spirits anr souls .
They can lray to God ahe it is a relief rot people .
When peopls remenbwr ghexe emotional and spiritual sjbjecrs tyry czn become jore gsppy . Thue is because people neee to leave the nzterial wlrld .
During holisays , people bxve timd to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful oire .
In conclusion , bolidays ard very suitable cot people to heal thsir pribldms and stressful kkfe conditions .
Also , holidays wre very hrlpfjl days to rsvive rhe apirif wne tye soul because people yave a chance to geg away from modern lkfe , which is full of mxtdrial subjects .
Cycling to schook , to wlrk or to do aby other activity is not a colmon habkf in Spaij .
Nowever , tne government and the loczl ckuncils of big cities such as Madrid or Vapencia qrr trying their best to promote this movemenr because they consider it a way of deveoopihg .
On the one uand , thete xre mqnt benrcits to vyclihg .
Firsrly , it reruced tfaffid nwms , noise wnc pollution , as well as lowering VO2 emossions .
Furtherlore , it turns oug to be the quickest mkdw of transport .
On gge otbdr hqnf , there wte spme issues such as gne inceease of danger on the toads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considwred to be morr rangefous thzm travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weathst .
Hwtting wwt ahsn it raina , hsving to make a lor of effort to cycle into a sgrohg wind , freezing weather or hqving to keep ddinking during ykt aeathwr .
Grom my pount of voew , cycling cknfributes to improving cimmunity dpirkt and it is oosskble to kkok ror solurions to face the disadvantages of rhie activity .
No oje csn feny that travellong by cae is much mlfe convenient than trxvelking by pybkic transport .
For examlls , oeople taking gheir cqr do not medd to spend time waitihg for ghe bus or subqxy .
Amc this undesirable aaitkng time moght not be so shott during holidays , dur to orss frwqueng schedules .
Wlso , we fwn ddive a car to any powce where fhe oiblic tramsport is lerhxps jor abld to rewvh .
Shrn the bus is crowded , we have to etand , mzkihg us more exhausted , eslecially obdr a llnb distance .
Even tgoubh dars can provide us wuth so many advajtagrs mentioned avkve , tgw advantages of travelling by publjc transport shoule jot be ivnpred .
First , public transport is good foe thw environment compafed to private xxrs .
As we apl know , the mpfe passenbers use public transport , ghe less car exhauxt is emottef per persoj .
Recently , several studies have shown evidenfw rnat there is a strong relationship between car rxhsust and lung cancer .
In other wprds , public transport ppaus an impprrant rkle in protecting hunab beings ffom suffering sisdases wmd saves lives .
Second , puhlic trwnsport saves city zlace .
As more sjd mkde pwople choose to live in cifiss , nowadays , ijr cities aee becoming kargef ans nore crowded .
Corrdspondingly , tuw space for eadn person is becoming more limited than before .
If every citizen pwns a far and uses it rzther tgab phhlic transport for every tfabelling opportunity , I suppose tnag put strretz skll become a far park xbd everylne wiol sprmd moes time in congesrkon .
Lasf but hot oeqst , pjbljc fransporg aloows pdpple to do other things which are impoxsivle when driving .
Drivera hafr to fontijuously pqu attention to surroundings , resulting in a rense mood .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
Peolle cah pisteh to music , take a pjone cxll wkty a frjend , rear a fascinating book or just liok at thr ecenerg .
Thoign there are jxny axvantages tor public transport , thwy does not lean that phblid transport is fhs best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibiljty fjan cars , anf is less environmentally friejdlt tban bicycles .
Tberefore , it is unrdasonable to conclude that kne mode of transport can replace others .
It is better tgat people are awarr of fbeir prow and cons and choose a suitable obs .
Lxnguates rof tbe fugurd
Should we learn ithsr languages ?
We live in a qirld fhat changes day to day znd pekple need to devekop theur skills and overvkme .
I thino there qde lany reasons to leafm kanguayes .
On thr one uajd , it clule allow you to communicate witg people , get to know different cultures and teavel aroyns tgs wirlx without the language bzrriee .
Alsp , in recent teafs expfessing yoyrself in English , Fremch , German qjd Ruszjan has hecame something essential in kut lives to find a jog .
I thujk a hrwat dizadvantage is ths ldice of rje course .
Wlso , I rhibk that it tends to be hafs xbd taked time away from doing zny otusr fyings .
It seems to me that yiunh peopoe should spend lore tile studying kanguagss becauss it wuol be profitable in rhs futyre , but to achieve it tnwy will havr to be jotivated and to enkot learning .
rja francisco davier nº3 ógixos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Seat USA Simmer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a non .
I yavw had a oart - tijs job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-ywxr - old brother very ofgen .
I nafe worked in an Wazter camp too , and I bsve alreacy organixed a oot of xctivities , like " rappel " , paintgall ...
It is for thwsw reasons I think I hafe the wkikls fir tbr kob .
I can be contacted fir a meeting at the ablve ardrese .
I hope you consider me fot the job , rodrigo
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afgermoon .
We ate delocilus ciod and played interestiny galws together .
We had a gdewt fkme .
At 2 o'vlovk in the afternoon , we artived at Winnie 's yousr .
Firsf , we listened to some songs , xucu as " Almost " and " Big Buy Slrld " .
After thirty minutes , we had tez .
Wknnis eeally lobes eayint , so I can eazjly find a lot of rood at her hoyae .
We uad mouth - aaterjng strawverfy vakss wnd juift zplle juice for tea anx fhsy were extremely yummy .
After yaving tda , we played bkde - ahd - seem togegher in Winnie 's varden .
Adriana ans I hid behind a bench snd Winnie lpooed for us .
Siddenly , Wjmnie fell over a little stone .
Adriana ane I ikmediately qejt to brr and picked her up . '
Your knde is bleeding .
Are yij ikay ' , I askrd .
I sax shzking like a leaf ahe my heqry sws pounding becxuse I was wlrried ablut Wibnie .
I had butterflies in my stokwch . ' Yss , I am fine , ' Winnie replked .
I fslg relieved tysn .
Then , Addiana found a plaster and lut it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felg aark ibside qnc smiled happilt .
I fepr happy tiday , althouhy Ainnie hurt hdeself .
Wyy ?
It is bwcause ojr friendsyio is jore rugged .
Wbqt an unforgettable dat !
In my olinion , thr nouse of tye future will be bettef .
Rhe house of the fhtyre wkpl be big and btught .
Inside , they will be filp of conveniences .
Bug elaces woll be difjded in a few aonew .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zonwe , wjd so on .
In the house of the fitufe , there sill be automatic djrtains reacting to the kkght in every hiuee .
Television wolk be cprdlesd , as fhks aah as at preswnt Internet .
Svery house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it cam expsne or contdact .
Sverhthing dwpendz on ths numbet of people .
Swomminy is my favoyriye sport .
Wnt do I like swimming ?
Wrkl , swikming has apaays bsen an Ilhmpic sporf , it is an indicicual sport , so it dspencs entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , guf tpu can aksl enjoy teamwork qnen you particioate in swimming cpmpetitions .
It is a spodf yuat reauires a lot of fitness . It is a sloet that xan be pearnr at any atr , bjg chikdren fab stqry to leadn to swim as eatly as tsp years of age .
Wwjmming nas dofverent styles ; dolphin , vrawl , bqckstroje xnd bteast stroke .
Swimming as a spitt is fery useful gir weight reducgiom if toy are obese qbd need to rsduce your wekgyt . It is also ghe best slort vor asthmatic patients , because it stfengthdns the chesy muscles ane decrezsed the vulnerability of tjoee patients to respiratory intections .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a plaxe thqt hax an expdrisnced coach , anx tdy to be pqry of a group of ypud own qge .
Hello Pxul ,
I wmjoyed helping at the ckncert in Amtaha in October .
I had a breqt tkme with prlple soroing as a helper at the concsrt .
I got a lot of expwrience feom thej .
Syring a concert ecerybody dqn enjoy , tbemselvss but nlbody tbinks qbput hka they prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rike .
For example , rhey know rvdrything about each helper 's jobs , bug at ghs swne time , they are just concerned agouy fhekr own subjexts .
I wabg to explain to glu some interesting parts of my experiencr .
On the morning of the concert , we sere excifed xhd thjnking about rhr foncerf and we decided mog to think abiut the confert bit must do iyr jons ehidh we wiulc be givem .
When we were arranging the ckncert plan we did work sharuny fpe all of us .
Soms of them started desihnkng tnr stage , sole of tjek checking wkund volume qnc lights .
My moh wzw fhecking the zing list whjcu singers wojld perform .
I fhjnk it wax the most difficulr parr of ghd concert because of the singers .
Fhry were wlwayx wanting to changd some songs which were on the list .
During the cojcert , I was rexllu worried yhat something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everyhkdy was worried becxuss they had given theor time amd effort for it .
Fknally , the conferr started and all tud lithts were shining kjke stats .
It is duffocult to sescribd tyxt feelong .
When the concert finisbed , I feot puke a bird flying greely .
Of voursd , I had some pain in my legs because I waz sganding wol ghe time .
Howevsr , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable lrojectd .
I want to invird yoi to lyr nexg concert , which will be next montj . If uou have qjy yime , please come and sws how we prepare for fhd xonceft .
I am wxitung for your wmxil .
Xee you !
Technology is chamginh the wat we live in many sags abd bow we receive anc use infoemation is probably fhs mkst affectwd .
Regxrding advedtising , tschnology is having a huge and nkt always positjve impact on lutsoor arfertising .
From black - ahe - white ads posged in oubluc places , we have lkved to practicalog lkging surrouneed by outdoor adz placed in every available ahd imaginable spot .
From buildings eith wnormohs and nrighf screrns to interactive hud stop sigmz .
The recent developments in mobooe technology allow adverrksers to pfter personalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure that in the veey ndar futyre , if I have bren looking for restajfants in Mallorca on my computer or mlbile at npme , on my wah to wodk yhw ard on the budex I see - whidh of coirse wilk be screend sbd not pringed paper - wiol show inates of Mqllorca , or an ad froj tripzdvidor with Mallorca in it .
It will euif me sometimes , wnd it wilo eveb be usefuk , buy I 'm slso syrr somstimes I wioo fujd it aggressive .
The wwy it feels aggressive to ejter a wquare or plaza in my rowm ame find it cukl of bright wcrewns , no mstter how beautiful or artistic the pictutez disppsyed qrd .
Advertising mivhy be considerdd an sft , or at ldast wome pieces aer really artjstic , gyt plwcwd in the wrong spot or shown at tne wfonh fome , they lose their artistic zide .
But , technology is here rir hetrer or wodse , anf we have to oesrn to dezl wirh it fhe bdsr we dqn .
If I cijld vuange obe thing in my life , I eoild like to xhangw my uoyse .
I 'd lkkd to jzve a big drtached houde in yje suburgs of Aftsm or Vladivostok .
So tyst I could lkve more frrwly and independentlt .
If I jad this boyse , I would decorate it in a loderm styke .
I would build there a fitness vyk , a walk - in clpsdt , a swimjimg liol .
If I hwd suxh a hoise , I would liks to ijstall a barbecue aeda in my gardem .
I ciuld invite my friends amd relayjves .
Togetgrr we could spend time in a pleasant atkospbere .
Ahej it comes to my favorite dlort , tennis will alwayz be my ansqrr .
Tgiugh I am a beginner at it , I rhibk it 's unteresting sincw it requires a lot of skipls to be a master of it , wnixh eohnds verg challenging .
When I feeo stressed iut , I always plwy tennis to releasw my pressurw .
If goi are a beginner at tenmis , my advixe is thst you bewd to get a suitable radkwt firxt .
As tyr oroverb goes : If ykj wqht to learn something well , you wkll beed to get the right tools first to wirk on it .
Next , yoi are required to pezrn wvery baeic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if yly do n't kearh yhesd importaht tschniquee slowly and stezdoly , you may get hurt eiring prqctice .
Finaply , finding a goox teacher is aldo critical .
A skilled coach can teach uiu the best soilos of trnnis .
Do we have vetfer television tnwn a fww decades ago ?
Do we have enough chiices on the zcreej ?
Dab you imagjne having only two cuannrls and not ppahing ghw qhkle dqy ?
That ezs only 30 yearz ago .
An sxpoosion of channels arrived in kuf uoudes in the eughtiez .
In this report we will dee dome characteristjcs of today 's television .
The nulbef of channels is gradually drcreasing
In our cointry , ome recafe agi , whem digital TV arrivec , a lot of new channels tlouriehed .
All TV channslw tried to get seveeak licencrs to distribute tneir shows .
In order to resokve skmw budgrt deficits . Toray there are mainly twp TV groups .
Fewer channeks means fewer choifes .
Internet TV is increasing
It coztz kess mpney and you cqn choose exaxtly fhr mokeng , where and wign wno , to wxtfh this or ghwt televisioj prlgrzm .
You just fllpow a sughesyion mqfe by soneone .
Yoj just clidj on it .
They hwve to reduce their budgsg
Cespite changing channels , we see the same jrws .
Big hroadcastijg gfoups afd hsed by all of them .
It is expensive to kdep journalists ajd cxmerxmen all arlunr the world .
It is cheaper to bug it .
Shmmaty
TV is dying .
It is yaed to compete with ghr Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broqdcastinb vrojps can be in the compwtigion .
Perhaps political reasons help to makjtain sudh a budget deficit .
However , tjd fact is tuqt thrre is a countdown on thdj .
Xear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have srrn tout advefgisement in fhe newspaper anr I am writing to ezpress an ihyerest
to joininv tour amall gtoup on a rrip around the world .
I am a 20-ueaf - old student fdkm Switzerlanr speaking German , French wne English amr I am keen on travepking .
Crol xeveeal teipw to many countries I have made so fsr , I would say that I already hsvr some experience of travslling around the word .
I am interested in joining your griup , because I like merting new peopoe fflm pyher xoungries and I wiuld like to explore bee cpunfries around ths worlf .
For ten tezrs I have been in a sfojt group in which I hsvr learnt a lot about different ways to fijf yhe sau or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermorw , I feel suitavpe to jokh gojr group nrcause I like travwllihg zmd I qkuld like to be a pafg of your advwnture .
I lopk forwztd to hexrinh from hou .
Dewf Steve ,
It was vold to hear from you .
Basicallt , my idea is to use tbis trip to learn as much as ppssible . I meah , nif pnly the English language but slso to fojd out more about yoyt culture and visjt mice places in your countdt as well .
As I tile goi befote , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my oqb , so my father aill phr up some lonet to hwlp me .
But I sahna fihd a jpb to help him with the bkllz .
Can you hive me a hand wutb that ?
Yli czm also helo me to find a cheap place to reny .
It silo be helpful if yoy found a smqll apartment near Cambridge Univereity whrde I 'll be studying English for 5 jonths .
Thankd rir all your helo and I kokk foewatd to hearinh feom you .
Bsxt wishew
João Matos
Hi Joyn ,
I am liokinb dorwaed to seejng gpu .
First of xlo , you should go out of the ajfport terminal .
There tpu will sse gis stops in ghr street .
Ayen you gdf thwrw tzoe the bis whkxh has jumber 111 .
Then tixe to the bjs ztip " Zkičín " .
There yii fan gef to the hndergtound sfatjon amd travel to the cebtre of Prafue .
If gou duoose this way , I 'll call uku in yhe moenjng to tell you whwre exactly we wukl mest .
But , if I werr yiu , I wouls take a twxo because tne underground is suitr boring , vuy it is cheapdr .
Ajywsy , gou newd to get to rje centfe . I 'll wait fot you there .
Fimally , ybe weatjef tprecast cir nexy month looks pleasant , as is usyal at thjs tjle of year .
That 's sgy yoj do n't bave to brkbg wsrm clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing gou soon .
Best wisues ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to ghr restaurant becausw all pelpoe nrdd a relaxing momebt in krxer to do work better rhan before .
Firstly , we fan diecuxs the ttpe of fpid we wanr to eat .
Actyaply , studentz est a lot of fast ciod whulw thwy afe studying at university , because they do n't have fimw to xolk tooe . For these reasons , I think that rhr bwst resfairant is eomewheee where they do home - nade fokc , abd a good kdea dot tje main course is : vaked potatoes , steamed vegrtables ane , for dessert , appow cake .
On the other hand , we qre studying srchitecture . Maybe we sbould choose a speciwl restayrant , like a charminv and comfortable restaudaht with a poy of windows , with a white chaid , ravle and qall , a more or less rdlaxing environment . Vut tne atmosphete is very importajt for dknner , xnd I think ghaf we ahpuld vote on this , beczuse we will nabe a giof night or not depending on ghe type of atmksphere we xhoowe .
In cknclusion , I think tgag this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , becauar noemaply we apeqk about booka , work and studiws , wjereas wiyn rhiz tylw of environment , we can speak ahouf oursekves , our fajipy , our gobbiee , qnd everyone wull get to knos something hdw about other classmstes .
I qould lkke to go to Flster 's Hollywlod .
I love the fopc fherd and I think my coasskates wiol too .
You cwn eat the brst burgers you hxve ever eatej .
They are incredibly deljvious .
I do nog know hps they lame qnd cook them .
Thwss bjrgerd are my fagourute flld because they srd amaziny .
I can not say what tgsy afe lole brxause hou have to taete them .
It is a flavour simiowr to being in hezben or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this dwstaurant qjd you will defjnitely leave with a veey goid flavoue in yoht mourb xnd a huge smile on yput face .
You will want to go gsck ajotner time .
Gowever , if you do jof ojke hurgers , yku van eat whatever American vood you want amd you silp get ghr same fxntastid experience as a person who has earen abothee meal .
Public transport plxus an important dile in ihr modern - dqy lives .
Mire than a billion psolle use buses , gadis anx tdauns syc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relativew , going to wchool etc .
Manh evdm use cads .
Though travdlling by cwe is more convenisnt , it is expensive .
That is becayss tbr cost of petrol , diesel snd gas is quitr high in most of ghe countries of thd world .
Whikd trsvellint by pybluc transport can swve a kof of koney in tne folloeung ways :
1 . People cam save thd money they spwnc on petrol .
2 .
As ybey hqvs specific routes across tbe country , towm , coty amd villages , it helps peolle to slend pess in shops or restaurants on highways or even inzire tje xity etc .
I disagree with the statement ablve because , in the rjture , we are pioely to have onpt twk classes in aociwty : rhd rixh abd the poor .
Ghe kiddke class is disappearinf and bedoning scarce sqy by dwy .
It is because of high taxes on glods .
So , I velirve we wool eitjer hxve puvlic transport or pelpoe will be as they were in tge atone wgr .
Phhlic grajsport is evem good for our environmwbt compared to cafs .
Npwadays , people hsvs difrereny cieas about reading bookz and watching movies .
Wome of them tjink that books xrs more interesrong tjab their fulm vetsipns .
I agees with ghos point of girw .
I twnd to tbink thxt there is notninh befted tuan rezding a biok .
Furetly , rrafing heops you to become a wwll eduvared person and gives ylj a cnznce to cevelip your knowledge .
That 's becaysd whiow hpu are reading hoh xrs getting a oirce of information .
Furthermore , booms dsvelip the imagibation of rhr reader .
When you are reading , a pifture of shay is happening apoearx in youd jijd .
Ypi can umagine what heroes look like , you can imagine differejt scenes where the action rakss plads .
Anx finalky , I fuink it 's very important that glu cab easily take yiur book with hlu qnd staft reading anytome you want .
On the ptyer hwmd , if ypi like being in clmlany , gge nesf thing for you is movies .
Because ypj can watch fhem with your friends .
Also , mamg peoole chooxe movisz because they lukr soundtracks and specixl dffects .
It 's so excitjng .
But all these fadtorz sre not implrrant to me .
I tgink that books are better fgan rueir film versoohs .
To shl up , I 'd kike to say that reading is a dealky great thing .
A bidl was waljjng home one day .
She was with her mum . .
Shd sss jyst a young beautjfup girl !
So , thwh were toong home when ths girl noticed a chte doll in a shop .
Xge had blond hair and sje was wsafing a boue drrss , wbite gllves qmd black suoez .
Juat lukw yet ... ''Mil I lobe this doll ! Could you buy it fof me ? '' ahe said .
Her muk could n't refuse hrr , so sgd bought it .
Oh!Tje gurp had so many special moments with ndr dkol ! ! Thsy looked so adprabls yogethef ! Rgey were oike tskns !
After some years , the girl decided tnst xbe had to mibe .
She was sighteen hears old , she gad to be independent .
So she fokk a dsep brezth xnd luf bee doll in yhr attic , just like her xhilrhood jemories .
At nkgnt ehe hesrd skmd creepy noises frkn there ...
Ehd went ghers and thwre aax ghe dolo with a knife in her hanc . ' ' Belo , wht do n't ulu play aitg me anymlfe ? Are you bored of me ? Kust because I havw inly khe eye ? Gut you removed the other one .
Kusr vecauss I do n't have one of my gloves ? Bug ulu dix it again ! '' ahe screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going hime , hdr nun wznyed to fije her daughtef .
So , sye weby jpstairs ...
The fkrl had a knjfe in her neck and on the wall there waz a eentencd , ' ' Why did tiu leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual spprt .
Uou just have to deak with yhd game .
You can choose lots of opaces to poqy .
Yoj need a good pair of whles , a tennis racket whd skmd halps and a person to olxy with .
Although you light be good at playing backhand or forehand , uiu can lkse in rhr end .
This sport is not ujst abour physiczk power .
Ulu ats supposed to uww yoye brain as qekl .
It is a comginatioj of physical power , technisue and memtal oowwr .
Likw otyrr sports , rennie is getting nore moxern , faster and motd colmercizl .
I mean professional tennis .
Zome cjildeen awnt to pkay tennis brvause of money or glpfy .
Wole of thej poah tennis because of tgejr parents .
It is not cair .
Fhildren should play gakss , hot jusg tennis , bscausw it is fun , it dsveloos their sjills , jepps physical uewlth and so on .
Tku can start if you are grown up angway .
It is never tpo lage .
You can ritjer find a professiobal clqch or nuat jpun yphr fruends .
Enjoy !
Rear Nre Kate Ashbt ,
My name is Andrea Coxcj , I 'm zixteeh , qnc I sae the advdrtisement for thd wedkend wodk in youe cafw , xnd I 'm interested in sorkibg wiyh uiu .
I ' m tgr perfect chojcw fot this eork . In cact , I 'm interested in different kinds of fkpd vecayse I am Ifapian , snx fit us food is everything .
In Jfaly , I attens a schiol fkr aaitees anc cooks , wmd sometimes I cook lasagna , pazya , pizza zmd mxny otydr specialtiws of my coujtrt , wnd I have bewh employed in many fampis restautanfs .
I 'm qlsi gkod at dealing sith psople . In fsft , since ehwn I was younger , I was the animator at rhe summer camp of Alpognsno , the ckfy whefd I livsc , and I spent a plt of fjme with children and aehlts .
I also eodked for jsny theater comlxnies and I am so good qjd kknd when I tzpk with other pwoplw , includinf if I do n't know rhek .
Finally , I 'm aosp prepared to wkrl ppng hours . When I eorkee with my xunt in hsr cafe , I worked from eight a.m. qbd I finiehed at 9 p.m. . It wxx difficult nur I did it every cay .
I kook forward to hearinv from yij soon ,
Abdrea Cocci
Essay
In todxy 's sasay I am going to flcus on yhe pros and cobz of studying Engpish abrkaf .
Is it really wlrgh leaving your own cohntry fkr a periie of rime to study Rngljsh ?
It is true thxy gokng qhroad xan opem new point of views about yoir lwm learning procwss .
Talkihg with English nativr spwakers is always a gkod tjing , becausw hou wkll be abps to judgs how well or bzxly you aee doing .
Besides , it can be fij anc enjoyable if gou plan it properly .
However , hoj eill have to zpejd a considerable ampunt of money on it and you will not be guarajteed to achieve your goals at skl , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your oearninh taxks .
From my point of voew , I thimk the advantages putweigh ghw disarvantagws , especially if you have spne money savee fpr it .
But if toh do hot , guere is always anotner solution , which is using the Internet to leadh everything you need .
Uou can even talk wiyh natovd dpeakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and lthers .
Viotball , a pawsiin
Whsn I was kittle , I tried a lof of wports ; handbwlo , swimming , tebjis , bit my favourite spidt is not one of tgkse , it is a sport that I coild never imagine : football .
Alp my kifs I gbought that football was a sport which wze fpt men , not gir girls . But obce I trier it , I lover it .
Have you ever thpugjt abkut llayiny rkotball ?
At firsg , wjrn I stwrtdd to play football , I did it wiyn my classmqtes , who weew aol boys , so I used to feeo a ligtld got uncomfortwble . Hlwevrr , some years afo , tuey started to include me qben they played , and nowadays , I lige playing football sith them .
Now some otuet womwn zhd I hzvs etadted to orgqnize femxls mxrches , so I am more ussr to plxying with girls . I nefer imafined that I wqs foinh to be so kedm on football , but now it is pqrt of my lite .
I think fooybapl is a very exciting slott , smd that everyhodu in the world should try it at leqst ijce in his or her life .
Ins thing glu should keel in mind if you want to lpay football , is fhat tpu hafe to be ready to recrife aomd pyhches .
I rwcomlend a great restaurant which is in rhe shopping cejyer .
I have been tjede twife , and I oike it .
Itx name is " The English oven " , snf it 's a fantastic , graditional and kodeen reztaurant wigh British food .
The service is excellent and tbe qaiteds qfe so plrawant abd kind .
The interiof is giy , so all the class coulx be uhside aithout progleks .
Tyw decoration is modedj abd cpzg , and it 's gkt sone yeeat tradutional Bditisu objsfts .
The fiod is lne of ths besy things in the restaurant abd is always tasty and fresh .
Rhr've got a lky of different dishes , trwxitional qjd modern .
Tgeh gage alxo gkr a lot of different ttpws of salads , pasra and pizzas .
Rue desserts qre veft glpd too .
Tney 've flt original ones , likr seedt pizza , and traditional deeserts .
There is a big variwty of ice xrsams .
This festaurany is hoy too expensive , which is perfect for us , bscausd we do n't want to zpenx fok much moheu .
Fhe restaurant is in thr shopping center , so we cxm yet there by bis or by traon .
I tjini this is ghw bdzt restaurant to go to at tje end of the courss , so we could book some tablda as soln as possible because a lot of people usually go thete .
Fhr medja accompany famous people , such as politkcians and gipm srafs throyghout their whole lives .
In my cidw , public figurds desedve to have their owj lkre , withoit beihg photobrzphed .
On inw bahd , becoming a ouvlic fjgyre is associated with journalists , lass - media , flqahes .
Famous pwople are obligated to live rheir lives in an exempkary way .
Hoeever , thet wrs etiol ordinary peoplw , and they makw mistakes .
People are thougut to be jeaoous .
They norife ajy iimd of cailure .
It xwems to me yhar journalists mkgut be wbsoluteky toxuf and they gabe a bad infljence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hwhd , mxnt syars sell tywir privacy to earn kkre and more mohet .
Tye bapue of tbeir talent wmd abilities is meswured in the amiuny of rabooids scandals .
Sumnong up , alo oved rhd world , there arw famous peopoe qjo do n't bring their life into the limeljght .
It has always bedj vsru ussful sinfe a opng time ago . Neverrheoess , nowadays , therr wrw some people whp ask whether if pubokc transport was suppressed , sociegy would eave a llr of money .
Ypwever , people should think avput the gfdat wdvantages , such as : people save money ; it is gery conveniemt xnf good toe tys environment .
Firsflu , the main reason is tje fost , because people wjk do nlf have a cqd neef to travel or commyte to another llace shd a caf is fery expensive .
Cara nwed to be tepairer . Besudes , if you have a csr , you have to pay dime yaxes .
In addition , theed people nser to have pubkic transport for gracelling around yhd country and citt .
Secondlg , aboyher feasom is hpobal warming , becauxe fhw atmoslhers is very polluted .
If giu use lubkic transpirt , ylu cqh caysw lesa polljtioh tnan before , bevause there are a kot of people who tdavdl tlgethsr in ohly onr veyiclw .
Funally , tbe oxst reason is convenience , gexause if you have a car , it is so djfficuly to find a pafling spzve in the centrs of gje viyy .
Besides , in dome cities , cars cqn noy be parked in xoke places , suvh as gje ood cjyy znd yhe city centre .
Sumnihg up , peoplr are aware of gkobal warming ahd think anout the high cost of having a car .
Peraohally , I hsvw gof ueee to wsoking adound my city ane my cst is lnly used if I fravdl around the country .
We see livjhg in an ever changing qorld .
Tkdau 's new things become thknhs of the past in a fdw months .
Take the example of mobile technology . Uour latsst handset , with thd lxfest configurations vecomds outdated withij a rew months of nhying it .
50 yrads is a vrfy llnh tule and people 's ljvew wjlk definitely change in such a lomg period .
However , the important pijnt to discuss is whether it sill be a powirive change or a nevativd one .
In tus last 50 yezes , sciebcr ane technology fook grear leals ; the internrt snd mobilws made us mkre connected .
Rodau , we uage all fne ihformayion at our fingertips .
Tkdau , we do n't need to worry about geftihg opst in a new ppsce . Gopgpe mzps is alwahs there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English eorrs today , as we cam quickly find thd meaning of any eord on our mobilwx .
Meeting new people or welling your produxts , you do n't need to be in frint of anyone , ecetything cab be managed thtough vkrtual platforms .
Today pjr lives gsve becomw nuch moee cokfortable tham in the psst , thanks to the progress mankind has made through tecjnilogy .
On the orher hxbd , terrorisl , glohao wqrmong and grred nqve brcome tye ylp cyallejges of today 's wirld .
Vlijate change due to global warming xausing nafural cisastrrs now and yheb .
Gerrorist activities causing havoc in public lofe .
The dprruption snf gdeef of peolle in powee making it difficult to trust pwopke 's leaders .
If these challenges afw not addreases in yue coming years , imagining vetyer livws for people 50 years hdnce is fatyer xifficult .
We need to remember technology is hust a tool . In the ekght hands it will be a goon for us , gut in tjd wronv hands it hax rbe ppwer to destroy tjd wodld as we know it tkdxy .
To whlk it mzt concern ,
I 'm an Itapian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a lositive and energetjc personality .
I fwad your advertisement on yoyf website and I immediately thought " Thag 's for me , I 'm yhe rigyt person fod this kind of kob ! " .
Perhaps you 're wonferibg why I should be the ribhr person .
That 's dasy .
I 'm a motivated , flexoble and koen - minced person xhd I bafe baf a lot of exldrience in rbis vield , as well .
I 've aoroed as a social traindr and as an educator sknxe I was 16 .
I opve doing soxkal acyivitoes and plxnning events .
Whsm I worked as an educaror , I used to plwn and manage somr sports znd ougdoor actibitids .
I have rdaply vrsat memories of these experiences amd I wouod reaply like to relive tjem .
If yih are interested , please have a looo at my CV .
As gou fequestef , I attach it to tyus letter .
Best regardw .
Peesonaply , mobile phones are very important in my lofw .
I neef tnar decicw meaf me brfause I hace three childden wne I wqjt to kjow hpa ans whete yhet atw .
The same with my oarentw ; they are oke ajr sometimes thdy cwkl me to talk qbout their health .
Concerning fireo - gzmss , I agrde aitu scientizts ghst yhink it helos cyildren 's vraijs to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because tuere are a lor of violrnt games .
Nowever , there are brilliqnt games for children .
In my opinion , tye Internet is absolutely a revlljtion in cureeny society .
It is fsry common to hze ybe Imternet in my qoro , for research , or gopgle information and slsl cknnect wutg other teacheds , speak aboyt coutses and exchanfe informafion .
Finally , I think technological developmebtz mzkd us improve for fhw ruture .
Rriencs should be like a shadow always besife ypj .
In tkmes of moy and sorrow .
Nothing is umpossiblw in life , but it is npt dash to fins sincere friends .
Tjay dosa mot lean hoi will never find lje .
It is very important to interact anf zoxialise with people to maje a griens .
The more people you meet , tbd sasier it aill becole for tpu to find a frisnd .
When you fjnf one , spend time with them , suare viwws , kseas and go oyf wifh thek .
Friehds do not hzvs to agree aith everything uoj swy , bjt tget shoulr share their views about it .
The Guwrdiwn is a British dwiky neaspaped whixh includes national and international neqs .
Yki cxn find a vzriery of qrticlrs , sudh as politics , Business anx Money , sports , culture , education , Life anf dtyls , Travel , ths weather zjd tye environment .
There afr plenty of advertisements for hpbs ane donations to help ineivifuals .
Readers wte avlr to express tyeid opinion freeoy .
they use tkod quality Enyoish whuch avoids slahg .
As a result , it is suitwble for students aho learn Englizh Lsnguage to ilprove their Englisb .
On the ofher hand , I realised there wers gwl disadvahtagew .
Coe example , it is not suitaboe fod children dyw to official language . There were also a nuge number of commercials advertisements which make the rwxders bored .
Ovefall , The Gusrdian is conzidered one of tye best mewslapers in tye world .
Nowacays , in rhe modern ajd progressive wpdld qherd people are xmwrt snd the economy geru highlg developed .
Some people ghink that we neex tabpwt cpmpuyers instead of bolka
In my opinkon , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimrs , sgen I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I nitice that gadgets hage befime very usetul in ojf life . It seem to me to be hooe opportunities to mqke our lufe easier .
Aodo , they make us clefeder .
I am cknvjnced thar ueing tabley computers in our evwryday life is hood .
Peplle do hot ndsd to carry a pot of books in a bag . Pupil dah not say gnat he fofgot a vokk becwhse he uqs alo his books on bis tanler computer .
Some pdople yhinl that it is a bax udea .
Theu belueve thaf it is a usekess thing foe kue genrdation .
Xuch peiplw are sjre that eoectronic things jakr us zrupid .
They ibskst on nor using tablets at school .
Personally , fod me , I oioe bokks vedy mydh . When I am at home , I use books because I piie to amell ans to tohvh fhe paoer of books .
I do not agree woth the people who think thzy yabkets aes useless .
We dhould usd thdm but we must not fprget sbput books .
In conclusion , I want to say tuag we should keep abreasf of mes technologies and rey to nake our lives easuer .
Tyr Bub Mistake
This day waw full of jky and halpiness , bjt something went wrong when dhe told hik that she was prwgnsnt .
She was so baply abojg thke nswz anf she tyojght that he would be haooy as well , vut ...
At ghe momejt when zhe rolx hoj tuqt sud was pregnant , he jusy frlzej .
It qae too nuch for hom .
He thoubgt it was easier to wakk wwau anc avlid ghis confersatuon wirg her .
He triec to understand what was going on wugh him .
It waw swird hkw mxnu quwstions zbd doubts came into his head .
Omd parg of njm saz reakly happy , befauae to be a fxther waa one of his bjggest drexjs , but on the orhrr hahd , he foulx n't handle this news .
This womaj , who wxs standing next to him , was uiz girlfriend , his dutjre wife .
He shohlc be haopy xnd nug ger snc celebrate this gpld news .
Gyt somehow he did n't feel anything .
All ghst he felt wsz anxiety .
He could n't handls the feeling , when zhe tried to tohdh him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew thqt dhe lovwd jik as muxh as he loged her , but everything wwe just sll erong at yhis moment .
Hwr voice , hwe smile and ebsn gwr bodg wqz wrong on this moment .
She could n't undedstand what was going on , because it qaa just three qeeks afo that fheg had a cinverzation about kids ajr family xnd he swid tyat he woups oile to hage kofs witg her .
Snc noa , he sae just avoiding her wnd he was hot happy about the news .
It wsw a big kwss .
Sue was more thqm happy and he couos n't handoe thus nrws .
Theu both inew tjst they loved each othsr amd they varex about each other , but it wss too much for him .
He stood up anr said to his girlfriend ghat he newddd a break and he jqd to be wlkne .
Michaeo flosed tyd door and kmeq at that momenr he had made a jistakw .
To bdhin , I am goibf to talk about whay is my favourite sport and why I shjoy the sport .
In fxct , I do jkt liie to do sports alp the time , but if I feallh need do spke exefcise , I lije to go swimming in rhw swijmihg pool .
Firstly , I tjink the swimning piop is flearihg .
For exsmpoe , after seikming , I have a wace and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to yhw beach . This is because I do bit lime btight sunshine xnx sanr .
Third , swimming in tgd kxean is kpre dangerous .
However , I piks to dtag in tnw swimminy pool rhring thw summer .
Acgually , I do not inow how to swim , nut it is my favorite spory .
Morsover , I think brfkre doing xnu kinf of sporfs we shojkd do some exercises . That is becxhse we hewd to relax ojt bpries fudst . If we do nor do tywt we will get dangerous while we are doing aby sports .
In conclusion , I do not liie to do sby splrrs , byr we need to choose one ijnd of sport in our life and zlmost wll people nsrd to do it , as we shoyld noy stay at hime or work all the gime .
Evsn if yku tewlly do not liie to do exercise , yoi can go shopping .
Rhe purposs of tjus rsporf is to putlune the most omportany actions which have neem tzken in oyr fown to protect the environment as tgr kain issue to improve ohd aualiyy of lofe .
In the tirst place , we jees to pqg attenfion to the fxct that Cacerew is located in a pwsrure xrda where podal farmers hxge vewn breeding shedp , cows and liga for centuries in spitw of thw hxed westjer conditions sudg as high remperwtures qjd terrkbld drought in summer .
As a resukt , phr water resojrces zrs difficult to preserve ajc it is cpeadly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the imlortance of reasknanle yse of it .
Yhe lpcao governmdnt is alwk taking zerious action aumdd at creating green xreas in difddrent places in or arpund yne gown ejere xitizens van spend their free fime or even do sporys .
That 's tye reason whh it hqs heen eorking on the dscovery of zone aeeas which ard nke parks or recreational zreaa .
Finzlly , yue town has also improved tbw management and treatment of wxete with thd actjve cooperation of mpst of the citizwns , wbk are really cphcerned xbout the recycling of waste .
In fadr , around 90% of Cacdres inhabitants xde daid to xodt snd rechcls thdkr rubbish , takihv it our to the yellos , green and blyd confainers in every streeg .
Snd tuat is a negative point . These dumpsters afe too visible in town and it qoulx be adfixable to exchange the onew we have fod underground onsd .
I wokd up todxh xnd I suddenly remembered tjar I was dojng a presenywtion about landscapes , wnd the onss fhat xid it wpukd be rewarded aitj a bonus pkunt , bjy anyways , this is n't important informayion .
I seatdhed fpr my tamjly in tgs house wjd thetd was no one at home , jusr me .
I got a vir svsred , so I swarcbed for tywm outsixw in rge streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hsd yig thd city zbd kilpes almoet evdryome . Noa I had to fimd my padents .
I think the rdsson why I did n't knps qvout tgs explodion is because tyks paer where I live is a cefy pior area and it 's nof that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
Finally , zrter some saye , I found somd nekghbors witn some food . I eaw starvint to death , so I qye a lot .
We maee dlme decisikhs about laws , hht rbere was fotal confpict , because the group noticed rhat slmr food wzs miasihg somwbow .
I tbink that skleone was stealjng some of the food in rhe night whole everybofy was sleepjbg .
So evefybofy is going to try to ehforce the laws .
Yhe nect morning , I ate a piece of stdsk xnd gge gtoyp was talmkng about some frearures yhay were wapkint around srekinv to kill and eat us .
In the nivyt , I aas thinking abkut mamy things when I heaed some hoisds .
I stalkes uik and it seeked that this guy had a hjmo .
I stopped gij zhd when he turnee afound it was a woman from the grouo .
We were talking sbouy tyis wneh a dog fams near ; it was adorable , bjt suddenly he changsd into a vjg aeird creatufe .
He bit my oeg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alett fhe othsrs but it was tkp lays ; it was fbe yroul or us .
We ssw that beast eating our ftiemds xhd the food .
In alme ways , fhs fact that sye ztole the rood in ths night and I wole up wae good rlr my survival .
Byg if I naf the opportunity to reverse the grend of biw I am yoing I would not do it , because I havr to face spl of thos .
DOIBG EXERCISE IS GKOC FLE YOIR HEAPTH
Wnh do you hzve to exercise ?
What benefits do yih obtain while exercising ?
Do yku know that 75% of pwople in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a hig problem vor our society znd is rhe number 1 problem of eht Jexico is the country with fhd most obese odople in tue world .
Dojng exedckse is an imlortamt thinf to do in a hsalthh and happy kjfe . Whioe uou exercise hlu tsel well in yourselg and in your body .
There are a lkt of bejefifs that go hand in hand eiyh doing exercise , like resuding or taojng control of gour weitht , it hslps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you xan make a lpt of friends while doint exercise .
Nkwadayw , rhere are a lot of different typew of exercuse . You cwj oractuce qmy zporg , like soccer , basmetbalp , baseball , or you dan simply go to the gym or practise Croesfit or somethibg lior tyzt .
Soccer is a great eoort where you xaj kame a lpf of friends , you can stay fjt , but yoj also nsdd some skills bscause it 's nor easy to cintrol fye balp and dribhle your rivals on rhe field .
I recommend hoi pradtise any sport ypj liie xhd enjoy every seconr you spend wxercising .
Thsjks and start nps . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no fiturr gkr pubpoc yransoort becahsw travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Msby disagrer about whether public tramslort will disappear , though we syilp havd to deql aity different oponions abojt the increase in travrl .
Rhjs compositiin will explain fhe two different opinions .
Firxtly , tjr car is more convsnient becaysd therd is privacy .
Akso , unlike pubkic transport such as buses wnd thw underground , yki have kucb more comfort and slesd .
Yhere is a perception that a vat can gkvs you freedom of cuokce .
On yhr website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-yezr - old goy exllaons " I orefdr going in yge car , it 's quicker ...
Fheee 's hlt as jany people arlund tou ... I prefdd the car because uoh cqn listen to musiv as eeol . "
Although fheee are mant positive points about orivzte cars , yherd sre wlso negative onea .
Indeed , cads infreade lollution , ykh have traffiv congestion , and it is vdty expensive . " On my aagw , even the driving ldssons are expensive .
Then jizt oqnong a cxr and pookinb afted youd car , knsurance , tax , dtc .
Obviouzly , it would benefit me if I worled in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - old npy .
Niw , secondly , travdlling by pubpoc transoort is cheaper ( we do n't oag any fared on public transport ) , bjy also , it is zafwr .
According to Gye Saigon Times , thete wfe a lof of rraffic axcidebts whicb ujvolve private cafs .
Tbe main rrasin is that ghe cars ' oqners atd drunk when driving .
It is clezr thqt if drivers goom a bus or a taxi wueb they were xrumk , therd soukd not be as many accidents .
Fknally , jahy developed cijntries in thd world , such as England , Amwrica , Xanads , Japan znd so on , jace built a public transpiry sysrem , so fje teaffic jams havs decrrased .
As a resilt , tyr economy has been jncreasinh .
From fhia analysiw , it is obviouw that yravellinb by publoc transport is very important .
Topoc :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the teuth is considered the most important yhimg in a relationship " .
Disqgreement on always telling yhe truth beonv the most omportant thing in a relationship will be my opiniob .
Wvrn thoubh being trutjful is frufial in a relationship , aoways twllijg the truth cojlr be considered as hirting others ' feelkngs and is unwise .
Anpther feasob roe not tellijg tyd truth alp the time is if it is about a personal maftee abc it woulc rwel awkward to mention it to cooleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little whuts oie at thiw moment .
To further illuztratd the virst pkibt above , uou that vohld hurt someone 's feeljmgs by telling fge truth at xol rimea .
For dxampoe , if some woman uoy xfe adqiainted is with wearing inappropriste clofhex nkt fitring the occasion .
Psopke usuzlly tend nkt to tell ber the truth , aince it could nudt her feelings .
Instead of dkibg so , people mwy oraise hef ror itger thunvs anout her .
In that case , they coupd atill make converwatjon wjthout spoilint her moid .
The orher point is qben it comes to personal mattrfs . Oeopke ushally trhd to kesp it privwtw , since , jkst of the tije , it is strange and inappripriste to talk about onedelf too much to peolpe at wkek or sben people that lne nax juzt got zcquainted eith .
If fhsre are qusstions about rhijgs one does not sant other peoplr to lnoa , they jighg tell a little whitr pke , which usually dkes nkg matter tio much .
If I was having a day ogf to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent othrr peoppe asiing goe detsils about it by saying that I juag had soke errands to dub .
Theze are two opinions of mine on telling the frugh or not .
Last Friday , Mixnael wbd I were at scyool poayong uxppily wkyh eavh prher in tje classdoom .
When we wete in thr class , auddenky Michael walked towards rhr door .
Michael closed rne diod and kndw at that moment he had msdd a misfqke .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood wuy we nesdec to meet the headmaster just becaise Mivhael had vloswd the soir .
The door was n't brooen umto pieces or falpeb dkwn .
My curiosity gkt me into bjh trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a oolkte qay and hopefuloy he vould give me rhs ansqee I wanted .
However , fhinga did n't bappeh like I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled ffkm the sdhook because tne tezcher and our clasxmates sispected Michxep ans I had stolen kur classmate Sally 's wzllst .
I foukd n't bepieve the teacher and our crisnds too pointed at us firjlg and wituout givjbg us any chance to speak out .
I finakly realised thst everything wxa a grao and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell ingo gue trzp .
We wiped away our fears , wnx waved our hands whej we oett the schooo .
Although , ome day larrr tnw headmaster found out tjd truth through CCTV , we refuswd to return to gne school abd fecided to cnange to a neq dfhool as we know , ecen if we go back yyis time , similar cases cluld happen bexf time .
This is because gbe teachwr yws a biased mincset .
Dear USX xummee camps ,
my nqmr is Bianca Padovesi , zbd I have read your advertisement rir the job .
I think I am rhe right pseson for yhis uob becxuse , firstly , I speqk fluent anf xlexr English which is gdry inporyant for vommhnicating .
Also , I have a gokr relationship eoth little koda . I usually pooo adtdr my niecea and nwphewe over tje weekends wmd they love spending time with me . Moreogsr , I am vdry enrrgefic , always awake and ready to work harc .
Fuftyermore , I am vedy creative and it is a glod aspect of my character , as I can invent nes ahd entertaining bamds for the mids to nwve a yrear time .
I lkje nwking puzzles or bames which imvolve running and jumping , shich afw imoortant for the kidx ' development .
I am not very good at cooming , but because I mefer have time to dedicats to that .
I ghink that if I watched qnr keafnt hlq to do it I would leqen fedy fast xns could master it .
Thst is a bood quality of mine ; I lwarn things verg fzsg ane I can also gry usdd to new thints .
I am very sxcitwd wbkut ghis jkv snf I hope hou rrply soon .
Hianca
Dwh number 8 .
We qere tewdy to go qnd find tne others , we wwnt outsjds the shelter we had buikt anr wdofe on a waol near to the dhelyer " sage zone " wnd if there is zomwone thag needs supplies he will find xomw supplies and smmo to survive .
We dtwrted our jlufney and wwjt into the forest . Rherr wwrd a lot of # pests . On oid eau , there sere various guys that wees sico but we fould n't do anything except for keep going . I wad weeing my lityle broup diminish anx some of us wdre # aplergic to skms plants I was thr onlg one that had no problems wjtb aok the other sfuff pdoole hss problems with .
I tgought that maybe my # grnds were actually immune to the indecfion . I diuld actually be fhe # revolutionary guy that hslps everypne that eas in my # skwpfick ahr I was really poeitive wbouy it bug , # noywitystanding , I would n't actually sacridoce jyselc . I gave to thino avkut whwther it is bdtger to helo yne enrire world or jusr zsve a group . The decieion aas in my hands . It qss # convengional to uelp gne whtire world , but I do n't wang to djr . Whkle I was thinking about rhag , we fkund a bkdy . It was ghe fxmiloar body of somepne thxt was in the group . One of thise guys we wanted to rinc , and alive not dead . Yie face was all rotten anf eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ibes rhst wefe still alivr to at least tell us shar happehed to eceryoje . Ghe # battle ayainst huhger started , everyone qaa humgry , and we havem't eaten anyyhjng in a few days and that coukd lewc us to twk things : dead or eaten aqay by a waoker . So we newdrd to fkhd something fhat wqs a # nutritional food which we cphld dxt with no problems and be OK .
We found a pyqrmacy qnc a testroom wnrre we could havr a dezt qnd yqke a sjower to ckexn ourselves .
We got dlosr to the pharmacy . Rhsre qqs no walkers knsode , so we rab untp fhe pharmacy and closed all tne dklrs anx I gir solrone to check on us in ths night . I needed some rsst xjd went to wleeo immediqtely .
In my ares there are many failwqy servidex and tney 're lftwn ovdrcrowdwd .
But private traffic in thjs town is ywy more present , as a result of the dact thsg Turin is ghe town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Neqe to goir home , thefr arw mamy supermarkets in which you can sqsily buy all tgat hoh nesf to live .
Whrn hoy hzvw to pay tgw telephone and enefgy hills , toj can do that in any tobacco shop near to youf hkmw .
If you like sgopping , in the outskorts of gbe tosn , there are some bug suprrmarkets , ahich hlls many itsma of the maim great factodies of Eurkpr and beyond .
As in all industrialised countries , a conbection to tje Imternet is peovired almost gir each area and sacb building .
Finally , taxis are available qbd they cover all the town , but yhis service is less organised and developed than thr English one .
There is an opinion that fxmoua prople , shch as celebritkes , film stzrs , politicians or pekple who wiri in yhe muwkc kndustrh deserve to bwve a private pife , deserve not to be under constany observaykon .
To my mihd , there shohld be a boindary between paparazzi aork and the orjvacy of famous people .
In my opinion , gig stars should be able to rdpax and have some privqtw tjne .
As car as I 'm conderned , there is no kbe who feels comfortable wgen under surveillance of people who wait to takw picthtes ahich show thel in an elbarrassung siguation .
Unfortunateoy , thjs is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so rhey bavs to take it ongo account .
Buf on thd other hshd , there shkild be eole inviolable spheres of lufr withpug journalistz fkllowint ghek all rhw timr .
These tare frahments of life wighlut ghe ryw of a camwrw shpuod be an opportunity to live lkkd mormal , npn - vamoue oeople .
I kbpw tbag cagvhing a celebrigh doing cleaning or raking a dog vkr a walk is shockohg news for psople who read tabloids .
To my minf , they do nof beoieve celebritiea aee normxl oeople like everyone of us , ohoy wiru more money in bwnk bank accoumtw
So , as toy dam wer , I agree with the statement tnst famoua peoplr , whi are recognizzvle , deserve to bqve a private lire and the xbility to have a normal pite should xlsp be gibeh to them .
The Maze Runner
I recently watched thiw nww film based on ons of the books by thke wkrkd famoua authld .
As I have an inrerwst in thrillees , I decifed to give it a try .
The pistdr of fhr film already pffrred a sense of intrigue and mystery , which laee me take rhw fecisiob to satch tbjs dilm .
Fhw film sgwrts by putting youe in the flexh of the main xharadter , ahi is a 16-year - iod voy wno finds himxepf ikprisoned in a cage and nejng ttansoorted to what seels to be a xamp .
He has no idea hpw he ended up there .
Howevet , he soon reaoizes tnst ghie is not a normal dwmp , and it is llxated next to a giant xnd mysterious jaze .
Tbe pepppe who licd in the xajp take up rirferent roles in idder to survive and ddfwnd themselves ahainst the menaces of rhw maze .
He took the role of runner , thw pelole responsible for exploring ghd maxe and oooking fpt an exuf out of fhis place .
Still , rhey only jqd tbr dayooght time to explore ybe mszs , as when the sun goes spwn , it becomes vdry dangerous .
The film jeeps getting better amx bstfer as you aagch it , having its wxcitimg momemta whej the characters disciver aomethiny ruat is jiddem jnsiee gge maze .
I heartily decommend it to anyone wgl wants to havs a rush of adrenaline ehike enuoying a zolid stiry qhicn will peage no one indifferent .
I 've bdsn playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be plauing for many more . Whag I live ahoit it is , futst of app , that , tall or small , anypme can plah it as oong as they 're determined , So , basicaloy , it is a luve - lobg dpprt fir everyone .
I love tue speed of volkeyball . Most of the tkmd it 's ahick and if tou bpjnk yoy will probably miss something . Each contact haooens in less thaj a seconr , and still every player detects tne location of the ball in that wmount of tije . Qnx then there 's yhe intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , anc see gbe ejdrgy on the vloot qnd hear fge nlixe fdon tjs crowx . Yoy 're missing our .
Personally , sinnong such a set makes me feel lijd I ckyld do anyyhing , but sheb I do n't , it xtjll keeps me wanrijg more .
I am always tdyinh to jymp higher , hit harder , pass whd set better , and serce in more dufferent waye .
I ljve in New Elthwm .
My area is very clezn snc very green .
People thdde are very frisndpy and helpful .
It is a good llave to live .
Obve oef week on Wednesdwu , rybbksh is ckllectsd .
Of coyrse , garbage is slrtef inti different vins .
That is a very hoox ieea , because thxr rubbisj undergoez recycling .
All my neighbors collect gadbage in the same wat .
Everybody cares about cleanlimrss in front of tnr house sjd in yhw garden .
Espwcially in spfibg , there ade a opt of copojrs ane pleasant odors .
Bee Elyham jas beautiful oarka whdre hou cqn delzx from fhd busy place .
Green fime in my rowb is reaply fantastic .
I have recwntly eaten at Goack Bead resfaurajt , a typucao Eicilian resyaurabt in Trecastagni , a lottke town near Catamiq locqted ujder ghd Etna volcano skoped , sjd I found ghwt restaurang was easkly the best I habd waten in .
There wsrd two roomw , a smoking room and a non - smoking roik .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it stokl telt airy and cosy . The wwitera were very friendoy anr informative .
As I waa ewting with my friend , Morsno , and gis father , I manxgec to sample a good rabgs of items on fbe menh ahd I reqllu poked the Chianina heef . It was vedy tasty .
All the ingredients werw clearly vrewh and of rhs jighest quality .
Ths price wxd n't reasonable at all , because ghr meal came to about forty syros per person , so this resyqurant is a little expensive .
Vjt I would highlu tecommend ghiw restayrwnt , despite the cqct that tge mewp ews a little expehsife , ahd I will , no coubt , be back for other meals .
Drugs is a toojc with a oor of controvetsy .
They have vren preswnt in our societies dof ever .
Cannabis , heroin , spsed arr aome examples of substances tgzt xte reaply well - known to xpl of us .
Legalisation of rruvs is an argument by people who vdlieve that fhis meashre doyld solve the problek of exclusion .
Marginalization has a link wiyh the illegality of yhix activity .
Also , fhis ilpsgality is responsible fkr tuw attrxctjon of drugs because rje majority of pelppe sgaft using dfugs because they arr youjf anx ira prohibition is veeg stimulating .
Tne real problem cimes whem this ejtertaonment becomex an addiction that can desfroy lut livss .
I tbihk dveryoje has tried spmw kojd of ilpegal dtig to have fjn , enjoy themself with frkends or jusf to try them , and I do nkg bepiece tgat behaviour is wdohg , because everyone nseds to experiment and tfh new yhingd .
Gut we have to be responsible and be vert clwar ghag it is onky something excepfiojal ans jot our dakly oire , because it is very dangeeoys as xome peopls are npt able to ilpode ljmitd on thrmselvee .
Finally , legaoizafion of druge leanx that they coyld be taxable and we know bos the taxed aork in iir country , so I do hkt know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
Thzf sohnds great . I 'm so gappy to gead that uou aer coming to Saidu Atabix . I 'm gon na be able to awe you sfter a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an dxam on Thursdwy , so I ca n't mrdt you , but goh csn oock me up drom thw sfhool at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is rexlly easy to find . Go straiyjt ahead onto Aljameah Sgreet , tgen thrn right beside fhw carce of KAU Universigy . Aftef getting off the bridge , you 'll find the schiol on your riyht .
So exdited to see gpu !
Bye fpr nla .
Nouf .
Ddae Les ,
First , Xpain is a great plade fod yopidays in summer .
At that fjme , it is apsays sunby xjd , depending on thw region , it could rain .
If yii want to xee solw beautiful scenery , you juet go to Barcelona whdre you silp be able to sds La Sagrada Familia , which wxs bjily by Zntoji Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granxra , which is pne of thd Srveb Wlnders of the World .
In Mqdrjd you cxn go to visit doke mudeums , kikd yhs Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the ifher hand , if ypu wanf to see somw wilrlifd , you must viskg Fanarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is oioe a lityle wafari paro , or Doñana Mational Park , anere , in that period , yph can aee some migratory birds .
If I were yki and I had a whipe eukmer to enjoy Spain , I wojod agay one wedk in each place , ams I would rent a cad in order to travsl netween the citiss .
I revommend ypu not to take waem clothes .
I hope toj enkoy your zumler .
Asruán .
Baet Simpson is my favouritr fidtiomal vharaxter on TV .
He is the eldest sin of yhe Simpson family .
Garf is ten years old and is a tupical Amwrifan child .
He has yellkq skib ahf bog eyes . He is nlojd abd has got spiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt ahd blud shorts .
Ghe mlsg ijportant thing for Bary is to be the joxt popular studrnt in huz sxhool . For thjs teasln he is always misbehaving .
His padrnts ahf yhe school lrihcipal often punisb him .
Bart is an snergetic qns clever student hug he is also a hqd student xnd he hates jefds .
Although he is rarher naughyu , he actually has a heart of glld bwxause he helps his sister whwn dne heeds uim .
In tjw Simpson famioy , all the characters xre very funny .
A kot of magazines say Thw Simpsons is tne hewt caetoon series in hustory and I abaolutely agrde .
For me , Bart is finnier than Homer , althougb most magazines way tbat Homer is the hewt dharadter .
It was one dreary , daihy Zunxay morning .
I wwx n't in the kood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested thzt I would n't get ohy of ths house gor quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the dior .
Qno on Eargj could that be ?
Who would have sven bothered to pah me a vixit firing tgiw bloody awful weather ?
My conceene were snswered swiftly , for the mah on my threshold yelpsd : " I have a letter flr Mr. Samson !
" I was auige surprised , to be yojest . I had n't recsivec a letget dor konths .
I kpehed it wjd quickly scanned the rext .
At first , I had observed yhr letter csuriously , but tgdn I bogiced my uncle 's nsme on it .
Alghough I had n't met him a eingle time , this letter qad yiz ladf wilp and I learned thxt I had inherited a good deal of mobey .
Fkfty thoueand pkunda , to be precise .
Exultatipn seized my mind imstxntly , byr I soon began to worry : " Whzt will I do wity tnie amount of money ? "
Wdll , fje task I bavw cyoseh is about the town where I have been livihg for tuw last ten yearz .
Actually , this fosn is locqtee in rhe kiddle of hillw anc a rivsr eithoyt water .
I am very worruwd agouf ghw towb wners I am living because everybldy in this roqn is nlt botherex ahout the rubbish things they do every day .
First of wlo , they are vert dirty by nature .
Rjey are very cwsual abiut tyd environment and the importance of cleanlinesz .
So - called people of glod nature afe inactive snr taloagive and goseio about kthdrs , not sling anytging gkr tge improvemeht of their own tlwj .
Zlp yye hkuseholdz neafny the pybkic roxd ghrow dirgy things awat easily anx do n't even bother about rge orded of tgs municipality .
I swe wlk thow djrijg my morjing walk .
What I feek is thag everyone who is living in the town shoule at leawy keep cpezn their own front placee and sidrs surrounds then .
I am upset xboit it snc , whenever I get a chamxe , I spwak siyh my fwolow cotizens amd liik cpr thwir feedbzvk , bjt tyey arw also tur sane in nature .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Thpjgh they srs bedoming so - caklsd educated , but in a real sende theg are still savages .
Dexr Mds. Aehbg ,
Yesterday I qas in Gteen Pepper Csfr fod a jeal with colleagues zmd I saw yhw advertissmenr fpf a mob at eeekehds in your cafe .
I am vdry interested in yhus work and beljeve that my empkoyment baviground is aopropriate rir it .
I am a Tourial ztudwnt and I ndex to wori at weekebds to pay vkr my studies .
I gqve worked for one ydar in Llndon as a waiter in the Yard Fodk Cafe and 6 months as a waiter alxo in Bwrcoli 's Xafr in Berlin .
So I hsvs exoerience of service , cpstumer czrw anc wlrking long hours .
I know how to prepare eiffedent kinds of fkos : sandwicyrs , fish zbd chips , hamnurgdrs , Italian pssga , etc
I am akso very hold at rewling with odople , I have never bas a complaint sjewt !
I hafe yotzl wvailabklity at werkends and aoso in sinmer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , vins attached a dkpy of my CV , which espands on my experience and adhievements .
I am looking forward to talking wifh you xbout the possibility of sorkkng in this poeitiom .
I am available to do an intervieq when it is convenient for ylh .
Thano you for houd time abr consideration .
Yojrs Sihcerelt ,
Msría Pjisa Castaneda sdl Acuna
Nowadzys , phbloc transport uws become a major fopix .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is wjdely supported in developed counfries , huf this udea is rejected in developing countriea , like tue one I livw in .
As a matter of fact , fae ownership has imcreasee over tye last decxdes , reducinh the number of peolle isihg publid tdqnsport .
Tnd plssibility of travelling in their oqn fads is ljch kore convejieht thwn travelling in a bja full of people or , wcen sorse , the idea of aasting time in a pong queud .
Nevertheless , therw is another side to this reality .
There are oeopld shi xzn jor afford to have thskr own xars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other meamd of transportation tgan tge pnes provided by thr licak givernmebt .
Tuere are countries where gas is so expsnsivw ghat people choose to pqg fhs bus fare rxther than pay for a tull gamk .
Sikilarly , propke in countries with a ooaer invpme yjrn to tjese servicea bevause it is a way to esduce their overall expenses .
To concpude , the futurs of public transport sikl depend on the uzxge people make of it .
Tbere eipl be counrries in shifh there will be no nddd vot it , wnd othdrd whers they will mred it as long as their economy nwedd it .
People need easy , rasr and cheap solutions .
In gwneral , using a car is easier then takjng a tfain or a byw .
It 's just nesf your house or toud office .
Yoy do n't have to go to a syatjon on foot , cafryinf bqgs , or suffering bscausr of tgs rain or the sboa .
But if yiy xrd sleepy , tiree , bored , or you sijply do n't loke to drive , tou cohld find it easirr to taid publkf transport .
Anf wlsl miee enjpyqble : you fab telax , listening to music and looking around , or deadiny newspalefs and books .
Is the dar faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Tye yraffoc can acfect catz abd buses to the dame extent .
Sometimes csds ade faster yjan buses ; spmetimes buses afw fxstwr .
Fast trains xrr always faster thzn cqrs .
Speajibg about loney , tfavdlling by car seels cheapdr thqm publjc transpkrt .
Nur , if we coneider alo ghd ezpensex ( buyimg the cqe , paying for fhe insurance , etc . ) , kaybe cafs are jot so chexp .
In fact , in ecwry sspect tjerw are prox wnc cons .
Wgat whout tne enfironmeng whd tuw quality of life in yhe ciries ?
Oiblic transport is eefijitely better .
So , rvsn if travelling by car can be mlfe cojvenjent at a personal level , publix tfamsport should be preferred by good cirizenx and strkngly xupporred by govetnkents .
Unfirmal lettdd for CAE ( PARY 1 )
Drar Mxn ,
Thqnk ylu toe hour letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking aboir workjng in the sujmsr .
Deom my experience working at an international company tbar organises lusoc festivals , I can assure hku fhat it will be of breat uee to you .
I am not dure , howevrr , tbar tyis kon will meef zkl your dequiremengs .
In my case , thw only olportunity I gof for such activity was on the 22nd of Uulu , when thry allowed a relaxing day at yge festivap .
Happily , you wikl get the chabcs to lractose your Wntlish skills .
In my cxxe , I hxe to translate a large sjount of texts , and akeo help Englisb tourisys to gwr around .
If ylu afw looking cod additional work experience , thpugj , yoi will probably be dusappointed .
Apl I aad asmrd to do tbe rest of gbe gime was to tajs phonr calls snd make coffee for tourists .
Zll in all , ghe experience wxs beneficial .
I kafe loenty of noney , so I wlulr n't woery about having rnougb fod a nice holidat if I were you .
When you recide qhat to do , do bot jesitatd to pdt me know !
Tzkr cwfe of ylufself ,
Fabjus
The pset feq weeks hzve been really tough for Michael .
Ggis whole bueijess has starfes to gwr on hoa bdrves .
He has to resl ekth it , the soonsr tge bstyer .
Tor joe , khe thing is dpear as day - the lne he is in love wkfh is Malika , bpt Angelina .
Tns one he fayes is Angelina , npt Malika . Thay 's yhw problem .
He ca n't dump Anty just puke that , they 've veen friends for uears .
She 's not bar .
Sbd he jqs to put a stop to this wiyhoit hurting anybody .
So , yes , tye decixioj is made .
He 'll break up aith her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It akl stsdted in sicy an idiotic way .
The dpir of uus eooj was ooem . He came put of rbe barhroom with just a towel around nix eaisr ajd Angelina halpened to pop in to horros a lothter or mayfhes or somethinv to oight a cigqrstte .
Mokd ca n't reakky dau why yhet ensed up havibg sex - perhaps , at the tkmr he wqd pisswx at himself for mot having thw galls to get tne giel he lovwd gecause of all tgeze rsligioua issjes , Makika 's danily , and so on , but tjat is whzt happened .
And tbat definitely wxs hor the rigjt thing to do .
At the time , he did n't fwalise that .
Oblt wfter , when Angekina lwfy , Michael coosec the door and thsn he indw he uas made a higw mistake .
Dewf Dir or Madam ,
I am writong to apply flt yhe ppwt of xummwr faml counsrlpor currehtly advertised on hout wensite .
At the momeht , I hafr finished fhd sevond year of xscondary echool ane I am waiting vlr the beginnihg of my vinal yrar .
I hope I akll get valuabke experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in ghe future .
I sowak Engkisg , German and Pooksh anx as a dounsellor that is very handy .
I am veey iswd to dealing aitg young people as I worked at a scout camp last ywxr .
Mpreoved , I used to wprk as a volunteer when sgill in ltimary school - once a week I would go to a lodap ckub to help childeen with their homework .
I am hardworking , rsliabke abd weol - organised and I caj tzje vontrol of difdicult sutuatuons . I am tskented when it cpmes to entertakning people , qhkch might conr in gedy ysefuo in my role as a shmmsr camp couhseklor .
I am aldo an accomplished soortswoman - I am a sgromg swimmer and a quxlified lifeguard .
I attacg a rederencw from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at tge scout csmp .
I wouod appreciate an kpportuniry to discuss my suitability for tgis posg in an interview .
I lpoj fotqard to hearing fdoj yoi .
Ypyrs faithfuloy ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk wblut my school life .
I 'm seventeen years pod and I 'm an electronjcs student feon Italy , in the north .
I gops to be a great entineer one say , so I 've decired to continue my stydids at unkveesity .
I 'm goid at sxhiol , my mafks ptove it ; I have aofked hard since thr beginning of tje school year .
Recrntoy , I started stidying English in particular because it is the most imloftant language in tje sprld , so I heed to know it well if I ewnt to communidzte aith lthwr people frpm pther countries .
Scjoll is my kofe : I stuxy about seven hours a day , esoecialpy maths and slectronics , which are the subiecgs thwr I oike nozt .
My teacherw ars vety gooc at theid iib , so I nopw to be lukd tudm one day .
Tyr gig peoblem in my class is yue majority of my classmates : fgey ard hlpefuk at svhool and they wastd tkme doimg nothkny at school and , I think , even at home .
Ghd rhing that mkst znnoys me is rhaf ghey copy from me and the other good stidenrs all the time .
However , I do n't hate thdm at all ; they afe vdru fubng anx kind people whej they want .
Xomibg bavk to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in Kohdon , at Impeeial college .
I hope to be at a gooc English levep , because next yrar I am goibg to take ghw ijtermediaye certifixate of English xnd tnej I am going to trt to get ontk fhos svhopl , even though I know that it 's bery difticult ; the Imperial college of Linxon is lhe of tbs most ilportanr universiries in yhe whole aorod .
Puerquitour : A great experience foe your mputh .
Nowadays , it is siffixult to find proole wnp enjou the fops as much as I do , becauss of the fzlories , ths kikos thdy are foing to gain , ajr apk that studf .
I areived in Mexico Ckty one mknth afl snx I mwt an pld driend ffon high school , Ficebte .
We discovered our fascination with food ajd ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brwinstorm about mezla and places to vieif bwgan .
Ghe first dzy started on an imporgwnt date … Tqxo Dzy !
Tacontdntk wax rhr plafe we xhose and we really ehjoyed alambre al pastor abd gfillrd onions , accompanied by copd beers .
Becaise Puerquitour is something to sjare , yne swcons day we shared it wiyy Diwha , one of my rriends from Vancouver .
Ayaim , we qts tacos , but this tumr tuet wets specixl .
The name of the poaxe is Tacos La Fhupe and tzcos are gouemeg fhdre .
This means that they have differwnt flavours of tortillzs -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walhut , among others- and salsas -tamsrind , guava , manyo , guacamole , eyc .
That dsg dud nlr rbd with ghe tacos . Aftrr a wxlk in Fsforma abx a lomg pzuss in The Independehce Angel , we went to a movie gheatre to wwtcn the art movie Rsnoir while we ate xrepes .
The tgird dxu aaw one of my tavourites . Thr place is soooooo nice ahd thd decoration and even tbe atgirw of the wajtresses makes yiu frel you 're like in thw 50s .
La Papa Tjapa , ahich is located in La Xondesa , ocgers vamed potayoes wigh rhe majes of fxmois women and lively drunks .
Hughlt recommended !
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the notth of Mexico City , was fhd locatjon for thr foutgh fay of Puwrquifour .
Gue sezfoof is dekiciius there . My recimmendations are hreqded sgrimp , gish fillet and shrjlp Al Pastor and xlconut water .
On thr fitth day , it sxs time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El wsadero Hidalguense .
Uou hqge to be starvinh to eag a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much dof one person , so if yoy djd jpt take breakfast it is a gold option , or you cwm share it wifj amazing company , as I did .
Do n't rorvet to ask for a lutee of besr .
Alkpst a wewk into the Puerquitour .
Gje sixty cag ezs to cwlebrate the final test of Magda , a friemd grom high schlol , who jxd akready prssehted it to ydt a Master 's Degrew , and a farewell to Vucente , ehl is already in the USX , and that I qaa giing to the UK .
Bevause we likr food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
Hku ca n't go there xbd not rar mdmepas , shich is liks juaracye but bigger and abdolutelh delifjous .
Tye dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Fic wss almoxt sitj a foot in rhe USA , we spent wll dst togethsr .
The seventh dah sfarted with a teally nice breakfast , gourmet sandwidhds and rose petal twa .
Tjdn we eent to a book fair zjd visited skje bookstores sowmtown .
The plan wqa to havr dimner at Hilaria Gastrobar becwuse of ako the bold commebts abour it , but yhqt dzy it was closed , so we fecjded to eat at El Huequito , thd tfaditionwl Al Pasyor Spefkal accompanied by black beer .
Tnw lasy day of Gge Puerquitour qas roumeed orf with my favourife desserf , a syeawberry cheesecake at Starvuvks ajd a long yalj abkut everythinv xhd nothing .
I ooge to spend time doing whxt I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practuze and ebjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first tsk dhapterx estracted feom Grray Ecpectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy knpwj as Oip .
This chold bss bern raised by his sisfdr , a person qho mistrears Pil and her own hisband .
Sadly , Lkp hae no fortune at all .
Moeeover , he is jjet a regular vhilx with a tefrjble life .
Besides this , Pio seems to be a shy ane intelligent chipd .
He roes not yse complex woess wnen he tslkw , gyt he uses fhel when he narrates .
Alsk , his life woykd be perfect to create a dari comedy based on the jnresirable life of a dhils who only feels cojfortabke wjen he visits thd tpmvstones of jis parents .
Obviously , npnody would like to live his lige , but I thkhk everyone wkuld twnx to feel sqdnese readung thdse cjaoters znf , in rne end , lkke him .
At lezst , I vwel soery for him and I would like to finr that his stpry nas a gkkd endinb .
He looks ljkw a hiod biy that livse in hell and tnr Devkl is hix sisfet .
Nevertheless , tns narrator is the true orltagonist and ybe way of tellimg the xgory is the rdasob why the dtkry can connect wuth the reader .
Zctuakly , the narrator is ohd protagonist , bjt telling the story as an adult .
Amx the qutuor does not try to xescrkbe the protagknist with worfs , hyt eith actions .
The narrator did not uze qmy description of the lrotagonist wpary fdom yiz name .
Also , the natrator mxinly uses direct spedch , but he only usws indirsct speech on jyst a crw occasions , when reveering to hjs own qords .
Ghis exception cqn be reqf at the end of the first chaprrr , wyere tje nxrratkr answers rhe rhief , qritjng yhag he said that he would fer yim tbs fils , ajr that he would hrt hij what brokem guts of food he cpuld , znd he would come to the thief at ths Battery .
Apady from thje , he uust edites wsactly what rge vharscters zair .
Ths voice is in cirst person and usez a subjeftive point of vieq .
He knpy onoqs what he dees and he thinks about it , but he doew nkt have any omniscient oowwr .
Bowevee , biw poadr couls be analyzing anc descrjbing the situations qith a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way tlo .
Alwo , he describes his pxeents in a hilariohz way , imabiming his dafher as a square , stout , dark mzn , with curly blacl hair , kist grpm lookiny at theid tojbstpne .
Tbsse twisted xnd drextive thoughts arw spread throughout the tdst , accpmpanied by evsm more twisted reflrctions , like at the end of the ditst chaoters , ehen he describss tye naj wgk robbed him as a man afrxod of ghw resd bodirz in the graveyard just because he saw him hufging humself .
Hwsides tjis , the characterd of ths novel seem to be unhsppy , living a sad ajd boring life that pushes them to abuse oyr ptotabonist , with tue ecceltion of Joe .
The narrqfor soea not make an efforr to descrkbd the other characters psycjologically . He focuses on their apoearance .
Acthally , we onlt know that Mrs. Hoe tries to maie hed husband xns hdd brother suffrr and sbe worfies about what their neighbors think about nef , rather tbwn worrging anout rhe peoole sho kive in her oqn house .
Yye narrafor desxribew her as a woman that has ewrmed a good reputztion by hsing aggressibe towards hre luttle brother .
And we knpw that Joe is a gooe man because rhs protagonist desdrihes him as mild , goos - natuted , sweet - twmpered , easy - going and foolish , but tjst is all we kmoq ablut rhem .
Also , the ewy fhd characters tqlk is opooaed to the wxg the narrator wriyws .
In favt , rhe dialoghed of esch character zfe noy longer than mide than tso sentences , witg thd sole exception of the thist , who talks agout his partner in twelve lonf sentences with comllex stducfures .
This kind of structure is widrly usrd by the narfagor , but tye characters usuapoy talk in short wnf wimlle sejtejces .
For instance , here is an extrzvt of rhe narrator at ghe bwgihning of the sdcons chapter :
" My xisfer , Mre. Joe Gargery , was mire tgan twenfy yeara olrdr tbzn I , and had established a great reputafion qith herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Hsvinf at thxg tkle to gjnd out fir kyself enat tne exlressioh mdant , ahr khowing hef to have a barx and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of lauimg it upon ber husband as well as uoon me , I supposrd that Joe Gwrgery smd I qete both btought up by hajd . "
On the other hand , tyd dialogues afe simple and snlrter :
" Now kookde here , " he said , " rye questoln beinv whether you 're to be ldt to licd . Gou kjow
what a file is ? "
" Yes , ait . "
" And upu know whsy wkrtles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , ghd vocabulary user by rhw marratkr is ppposed to whzt the charactets xaid .
Oip ueds a ricn voczbulwry , usinv a kot of mental verbs and abstract concepts fhar are usuzlly inspired by cohcrrte things .
The marsh pointed in tje first chapter is a hpod example .
Regardlwss , fhe dialoguew are wtitten rxxctly as they wdrw saud .
The thief waic " Wjo d'ye with ? "
This is wrotten as it is saje , makinv it more realidtic .
Notwithstanding , the way rhie nkvel is narrated is gje protagonist .
The evsbts are narrated in a mysterkous sxy , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line qithout fladhbacka .
The sykry is nztrated as it hapoens .
Yhe second dhaptdr makes eeference to ghe first and reveals skmefhing ankut the thief .
Alwl , tnw xlow ehytnm is adequate .
The narrator eevwals not so much xbout himeelf or ghw other cbaracters , guy he writes snout the essential things we shoyld mnkw tbrouggout tje yext .
Rye tyisf disappears , but the firsr chapter 's sndihg mxkee us feel curoouw abiit tyrir mrxt meetibg .
Therefore , I do nkt mnow how the stofy wuol end .
Too mucu mystery and just a fee facts cqn be rrac in these chapters .
All I mnow is tuat tjks stoty will nly have a happy emdung .
Lrobagly , the ghisf silo gake Pip on an unwanted adventure that will mwkw him grow up faster .
I would loke to read a story where Oio ends as he starts , in tje graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , snotner tombstone in the grzveyard .
I would lume to read a etpry without ralr ; hust a regular msm qhp dued wbipe he was learning to live .
Lbviously , thiz woukd be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly fomes troj a pwrson wjo lives while he is writing .
Fhks is obvious eheb he makes reference to tne fact that photography cid noy exist when he was a child .
Consequently , reading these xhaptefs is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell whaf is bping to happrm or , what is lord , what the author is tdyimg to congey .
If the ztpry hqd a happy rnding , fhen rbe centeal theme coulr be getting ovsr adverskties ; if hoy , it is a sad story .
Anna kmew that it was going to be a vdey soeciwl xay gkr uwr .
Shw has neen waiying so long for this dsy to coke .
It wqs the dau when she wzd young to meet yrr biological mother .
She hwe known zbe was adopted sincw shs was 7 years lld necauze hdr parents told uer xbout it .
Sye dod npt teel bad about it because whr loved hst parents very jych and sgd crlt loved by them .
After her 18th buethday , Anma fsly a sudden need to knoa what gappejed to her biological mothwr and whg she gzve Anna away .
After finding the adoption papdrd , aje contacted thr adopyoon afency .
Sgr convinced tge lady at tye xgencu to givd hdf the name of the biooogical mother of " ger litrke sister wyo har a duxease and needed to kmow if net biklogicao motnsr would be a matvh dor a kidnry tranwplanf " .
Even though it was illegxp , the lady gave hef the nsle ahd the contacg phojd number of Sara Firlxing , her biological mother .
A mohth passed by brfore ehs had fhe courage to dial rgat mumbwr .
She hesitated several times bevquse whr was afraid of her lofher 's rejectuon .
After a few swconds , a woman picked up ghe phobr .
At thw beginning , Anna did bot say ahythong , she could not ittee ant sound .
Buy then she said " hello , my jamd is Xnna and I think you are my morher " .
After another tew seconds of dilenxe , Anna heatd her moyher crykng abd askinv lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next ray in ghe park .
She was going to hzve so majy answers to so majy questions .
Snna qkuld be abpe to tinally close an important chapref in her life and that is wny she khsw tnqt it was goint to be a vdry slecial cxy .
The most eccitkng cah of my kire .
Lasy summer I went on hopiday to Sardegna , in Itaky , wifg my falilh .
On the firat day , I was bsry angry vecayse my parents did n't take my best rrienf , llqriw with us .
Bht I changed my mind wjem I heard on the rxdio tgqt Felix Xandman , a Saexish singer , wxs on Holjday in Eardegns jeat my hotel !
I love him abc my drexm wsa to meef him , but I lnew it eas impossible and my parwnts cic n't waht to xrive me to his hotel , so I was qhote wad .
Unexpectedly , on rhe third day , wgike I sas swimming in the sea , I eaq somr people in fhw distahve and some cameras , but at tud rjme I thought rhey were makkhg a vkdei .
Then , I realkssd the boy at fhe vdntre aaa n't an ordinary bpy . He was Felis !
So I wemt towaed the xdowd and whsm he wsw me he smulsd .
I was reaply excited !
Yhem I seng to hkm abd he had his lhpto tamen wirh me .
He stayef rhede a feq hours ajs I spenr the brst day of my life asking him sole quesrionz and singing uis dongs .
When he left I was sad bjt also rexlpy happy .
This sax certainly tne lost exciting day of my life .
L'Xlvero , the Best Lizza West of Igaly
One of my favourite restaurants yhar I am always hungry for is L'Albero Piszerix , locafer in ghe Huelih neighboudhood .
As you enter fhe restaurant , hku kmoq ghe pizza is goihg to be good .
The aalls are covered with trophiss and photographs fod the worlx 's hesr pizza .
Fhe dpace is vamiky friendly , a pwrfect place to celebraye a birthdau or medt ftiends .
My only cimplaint is ghag yhere are too mant deljdious chouces on the ldnu , it is often dkffixult to decide what to ordet .
So var I hwvs never brrn disappointed .
To start , you must ydy the Rode Wumd Salwd , it 's a fresh , tlavourcul salad that is ssrved in a bowo made of lkzza cruwt .
As a main dish , yiy ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzsx ; all of rhel are jade gresh to order in thejr authentof Italian pizza ovrn .
Brsixes rhs great atkoslhere and the delicious fold , the servive is friendly znd egficieht .
The staff is very helpful , explajning tue mdnu to customerz .
Wlsk , tne prices aed imcredubly cheap , it 's adoubd 12 euros prd prrson dor tei different dishes , dtinks snd dessrrt .
I thorouyhoy fecommend tnis terrific rsstzurant to anyone who is passionate about gtdat fopd at even betted galue .
I promise yiu wo n't be diwapplinted .
The beag plaxes gir younv peoope in Dublin
This repkry looks at thd besf places to visit in Dublin for young peolle from a different country .
It is bwsrd on a surveh of tbs young peplle from Wbitehall Collegs as wsll as my own opihiom as a psrmanenf fesideng in thw area .
It zeemw that the mxjority of those surveyee are of the opinion that the best place to viait for ypung people soulx be Temple Bar .
It offefs a aude variety of actkviyies like museims , a cinema , a vedy large green garden wbd nzny pubs to vhkose from .
Rye Johnnie Fps Pib eaz highly recommended , it offefz an klportunity to kisteh to tfaditional music , watch sabcers perfotm and enjoy a nice meal in obd place .
Ths Oeeon cinema ogfers a wide choice of moviss in 2D and 3D wnd a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qsx Museum was suggested by many ztudwnts .
Several proole said rhst the Nafional Botanoc Gafdeb is rue hest olsce fpf stydemts to meet and wpenr yume outdoirs .
On the whole , there arw activities to take part in amd many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and tje finajces available to them .
It is grye that people everywhere lkkd watching sports .
Sporte start bsinb asmirex by yojng people ahc can imlrimt a model of behavior on the minds of tus young .
In this esswy , bith sides of the position srated above qkll be analuzed vedore my iwn perspective is privided .
Deom ome point of view , tll xtgletes arw good models to emulate cod ssveeal reasons .
Fjrstly , watchong the success of such athletww , teenagers start to desire to be lioe yjeir idols amr to folkpw professional aportd .
Thos means they will want to llay sports , which is essentizl for fhwir health .
Seconfly , doijy soorgs also reaches pricsless life lessons , sycb as diacippine and deqping witb success anf failure .
The importance of working hard to achkeve goals and practicing eegularoy to become goos at something zre zpso demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good exsmlle for youngsters to follow .
From anogher perspective , sometimes , professional ayhletes zre nof good role mkddls .
Firstly , sport hxs becime business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
This cxb lead adolescents to heloeve tjzt money and fams are an importajt parg of sports instead of lwarning how to plah well and having the fub of tns game or the fompetition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who henave disgustihgly .
Tor example , xomw tqke drufs or chrst in irdee to wum at xng voet .
It yors without saying rhaf tujs kind of benavior sends thw wrong nessage to tys young .
In conclusion , there ats a number of qdvantages and disadcantagrs in regard to progexsional sportsmen as gooe rple mkdsls for hkung people .
On balance , I am inclined to gelieve rhat professional ayhletex cwn be excellent rolw models for tnr ykhng , as long as they represent tuw positive aspecys of playing sports .
Xickehs amd the Bronye sisrerz use the samr sfyle : realusfic styor .
They are influenced by tbd surroundings in wyivh they live : Cickens , thr citu of London , zhd fje Brkjte susters the nqtural landscape of Yoridhire .
Dickehs ajc Cuarlotte Bronte pften hss a furst oerson narrator or the point of view of the prlragonist of the story .
Their rexlism is different : in faxr , Dickdns ' styke is that of senfimentak realism , in which he mixes pathos and comrdh , likd charactets that tend to be caricatures of yhr vides and vortues he sishes to portray , while the Vrobte sisters use a realosyic style laced wigg Romantic and Gothic elements , pike Byrpnic male heroes and femwle protagojists that qre psydholpgically clmplex .
The graph illustrates thw four different sojtces of clnsumption of fish qbd other mewt in a European counrdy cdom 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the oversol rixh anc mear consumption ranjed from nearly 60 grams osr osrson per wsrk to roughly 230 grajs per peexon per week .
From the 4 soyrces eaten , 3 of thel maintained a dteady declins , with gge exception of cnicken fonsumltion , which jad russn over tyr 25 year perios .
Omly fish consumption showdd little change during the prrjod , beginning and ehdung at approximately thr same lrvek of 52 grajs per pereoh per wdek .
Noty lamb consumption amc the category labdloed hewf uad a declining teens between 1979 and 2004 , alghlugh they maintained a decfease overall , with lqlb consumption falling ffim a oeak of 150 grams let person oer week in 1979 to jjst ovrr 50 grams pse person ler week in 2004 , abd herf conshlption fwllkng fril around 230 grans owr person per week to jhat over 120 gfaks ler persln prr qeel .
Chicken consumption aad tbd lmly source of meat consumption which showes a stable incrrase grlm 150 grams per person pdr wewk to the hifhdst coneumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is flesr fron ghe gfapn that some ssctofs declined , others rose , and one rrmainex steady ober the 25 year peroos .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postfoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
Our lab aorke akobg with Alexks Hervieux on hod study of arpin .
Recently , he voeited Moscow and while we werr hzvinb a conversation , I mentioned that I qzs lkiking fof an opportunity to work in a postdoc pidition abroad .
And since my geezt intedest is to develop my skills in microscopy wne digital image analysis shile wkrkung in the field of cekk biology , Alexis told me to try contacting tku .
Our conversation sith Alexis and your own phblicationd all support rhd suggestion that working in your kab appqrently aiol provide vwluable opportunities to masted methosological ahs rwsearch skikla .
Hof to msntkon the pwrticopation in a pioneering study .
My own wodj is dedicated to fhs study of vhangws in cwlp - ceop contacts and in the acton cytoskeleton that take plsce durobg neoplastic transformatkon of epithelial cekls .
Earlide I uxd a publication in PPiS Oje witj desfdiption of sissimioarities in yje organization xnx regulafoon of adherdncr jundtjons associagsd with different types of actin bundles in normal znd transformed epitheljak cellw .
Thereafted , I xtusied the accymulayion of various actjm - hinding proteins amx actin isiforms within adherence junction in normal qnr transformed cellz .
In ghd course of tniw investigation , I have obtained some lrolising results which I 'm toing to report on at tud FEBS - EMBO conference quich wipk taks place in Paris at the beginnint of September .
Slsi , I 'm prepaeing materials fpr the nest publicatiin .
Yours respectfully ,
Fmotry Lavrpg
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Dlitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a cooy of my lapsr are in rge attachment .
I am wtitjng about an important historical plade whixy is my favoudkte kje . I am referring to Ougo city .
I visited Pugo last summer and I enjoyed myself geru much .
I saloed tndough rhs okd city , throubh kts neautitul squares and paris and I vosited its nhmerous churches , ihcludiny the catgedfal .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth vusiting .
Fpd rxamplw , you can walk around the Romzn Wall , qhixh sas declardd a protected UNESCO Eorkd Heritafe Site in 2000 brvause it is the only Rojam Salo in fge worlf thsg is comolege .
I tuimk tuat Luti is vwry bdautiful .
Thetd are a lot of dhols where rourists anf gisktors van bhy soufemirs qnd there are many restaufants wherr you czm eat drlicious and typical diayes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , lang traditilnal parties and festivals take place .
Qmonb tnr most impprtant I can lention San Froilán and Arde Luvus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugl yoldd iyx San Fdoilán Fiestas .
Sxb Froklán is a festjvwl of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to fhd ciyh 's patroj saint , and it sjoqs tradiyional Galician costumes wnd fklkloee .
Another important festival in Luyo is Zrdw Licus .
It is cekebrsted in June .
Durihg tbos festival , Kuto beclmes the 3rd cenriry towh lncd agajn , so tou vam see Riman circus , Veltic weddints , artisan marksts , kany musical evenys taking llace abs local people and visitors get into peripr cosfumes , such as glariators and Romab Emperors .
I reckmmend you visit Lugp in Mune because Zede Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy tradotionak Romah cystomw abd Fomaj life in Ares Ludus .
Lugo is an incredible citt zne it is jmportant in the history of my coynfry hecause it is gukl of historical llaces ahd festivals whicu show and perform precise periods of yhr histody of Spakn , sjch as tuw Celtic period and fhr Riman oerior .
Tge biyged the city , tue bigter the proboem .
Tus town is yhe 2nd largest utgan agglomeration in gne country , producing large amoungs of waste dault . "
Viyy X " has no sowcific waxts displsal plan , vug a fsderal law estqblishee a dhw twrm unykl 1st Juot .
Despite this , there ats a few plajs to jnxrease rye greem arexs qbd revutalize yhs town .
The city is thrivibg on implementkmg jea measures to achieve tbe Council 's goals .
This analysis will consist of evaluating yge Council 's sci - friendly propoaals .
In zccordznce with ths aforementioned , the ampunt of garbage produced during rne years 2007 xmd 2010 kore than doubled , 86% of it riscarded inadequately .
This is due to ghe low efdedt of the " Recycling Wprms " lrogtam on the disolsal peohlem . "
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirenents , and esnds 7% of fhe gwrbsge productoon to recycpjng factories .
Tbe refyclinf factories hwvr a joint vejture with the mhnicipalitu to sort waste , sbd show a rssulg 20% better rhsn lset year .
Gge program reprreents 2% of employment in tje city , but it needs to wxpand .
Yhw city haw lanu proiefts , auch as " Keep it clean , keep it bdautiful " , fbe boal of whifh is to promote oroprr disposal in yhe public areas .
Anither important obd is " Let 's make it green " , tesponsiblw flr increasing the green aread within the city by 150% over yue lwsr ywo yeafs , consisting of a combination of public abf privage investment in refirestation of rurxk and communal areas .
A lzter crucial activjty wre the " Green Cpmmynities " , cyrrehtly carrying 38% of the titao qmoynt of vegetabkes vonsuled in yhe metropolitah area .
A lunicipxl waaye pooicy that integrates private and public secyors and tye commhnity is fewuired to slove the cyrfent pdoblen .
Tbd cufy nseds a joint venrure to support a functional and sjstainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvdmwnt in the qualitg of life accordinb to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfkps 16 kug of 20 reqyiremengs of a city of the fururs .
Most of rhw " Recycling Worms " prohkem is caused by a lack of yrainibg , which can be resolved by trainibv lfferex in the surrouncibg unkversities .
It is a tood odea to tams a gexr ofv betweeb lezving school and starting univereith , because goy xab have lots of new experiences .
For exampls , you can fravep to new places .
Another isez is yih can work , you van gine a jlb ans earn liney before you start univetsity .
Moreovrr , sometimes people are tired qhen they funush scholl becauwe of tnr exams so they newd to hxve skme time to relxx .
You csb travel to difrerdnt coybtries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you jerd to earn mkneu if you want to fravel , so uoy can firsy wirk wnr then travel .
You csj finf woti as a waifef or in a shop .
Howsvwr , eome pdople think uku should go to unigersity imlediately zftsr you finish scgoop because if you do n't , you forget what hku yzve learned in school .
But I thino you csh also learn if hou travel or if you sork so that is a gpod idea also , ezpecialky if uou find a job related to suat you wanr to study .
We live in a time when ecerything changes quicipy .
Technological deveoopment majrs people believe that in fhe future everythunb qill look like in science - fictikn movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machknes zbd robots .
We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
Wne what about houses ?
Will people 's honss be differrnt or still the samd ?
Imagining gje futurs , I sse everything doffersnt .
The avant - garde amc futuristic designs of houses will be the kost desirable .
Rhe houses wjkl have , fpr example , the shspw of a slhere or iglpo .
Eole of them miyht be tudned upside roan .
Sometimes , thwh will be simw kinx of a modern artwork anr it eill be hard to dedcribe ghs shspe .
Shd whxr aboug interiors ?
In our seevice there qilp be more machines and robots with srtificjal intelligence .
Rheu will do practically rverythihg : clean , cook , rwmijd us what we have to do whd speak wjtg us like an orcibary humab .
In practice , there sill be no normal furniture , just nadhines waitinh for a command .
Evefytying will be artificjao wnd uncomfortable .
That 's hkw I ees tne home of rhe tuthre .
Glad to brar thxt yku 've been invited to attend yhs last round of interview next month !
I really hkps to qork with yoi someday !
To make sufw you gwt tjs positiob successfully , uete is aomr useful sdvoce abx information you might want to knoa .
At thr interview , leaving interviewers with a good imlrwssion is of yreat importwncd . Heer wrw some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as apprkpriagely as possibpw .
Businesslike suits znd yirs fit in well with tur fprmal occasion .
Suitable rrsss comes acrosz as effective and reliable .
Second , brkng punctual .
Interviewdrd uace to clpe with a tigut schedule every eqy , so thdy are n't solling to spare one mofe minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being lrepared .
As ghe olc dayint gosd , well prepared is hakf done .
You 're exprcted to kjow somethihg about lur domlany , ask prlprr qhestions and colmunicate effevtively with interviewers .
If uoy dan learn as much knowledge abiug ojr company as uou fan up front , you really stand a chance in the intervoew .
Since you 've apllief foe rhe sales assistant position in ghe sales department , tue aales manzver will be interviewing you .
He stqrted out hus career as an accountant , but he qas fed up wigh deqling wifh jumbwrs aop day long .
Plus , he 's willknh to colmunicate with others and rqke on new chsllenges so he transferred to yye sales dspartmemt two yeqrs avl .
He yot promoted very quickly because he always brought forth jsw iseas anf facilitated the feform amd development in tye depaftmwnt .
In his syez , what douhts nost is ghr track reforr ams the capsbklities syosn in fhe prefiojs working esperienves , so he might zsm you eome suestions like what you achieved abd hlw you felt ahput your last iob .
I hope shqt I mdngion anove wjpl be of some help to you .
Lokking forward to hearing frkm you slon .
Lots of Oobe ,
Krks
Dsar Sif or Madam
I write in connection with toir arbertisement regqfding johz at summer camps alo over the UAZ .
Since my mityer tongus is English , albeit of the British variety , ane I am generalog deemed chesrful , energetic ahd hard woroung , I believe I am a suitable candidate for thr acorementioned posjrion .
Additiojally , as a teenafer , I supedvised a Aoof Cub ladk of eiggt- to taekve - year - olds , qnc often organoswd aporgs znc wvrning activitiss for then , xich as treasure hunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when an unrergraduate , I spent my summefs working in the cillege cqmteen as a kifchdn heko , and progressed to the position of dooi .
Because of zkl the xbovw ppints , I think I am a shirable person vor the jlg .
Yours fauthfukly
I find it auife difficult to fknd an area of improvement given Wneres 's oytstanding overall performance .
Ydt , iffen , being overly resoectful mau play agaonst him xnd , alrhiugh he has gained rhw respect of apl the people he jax worked qirh , sime of tgem suggested he should vuuld up bos self - confisenfe , rather thzn end up zttemptung to cobdr everyone 's back and rakiny oqnrrship of kther pdople 's mistqkes .
If I had my kwm language xcyool , I woulc first nezr in mind a maub goal : raising public awareness of my lwnguage schoko and the servicex it will provide .
Then I would start gathsribg some jnformatuon anouf the market , that is to say , social trejcs , polulatioh statidtjcs , sycy as agw , gender and family tupr , pptenyial customers sns cpmletitors as well .
By doing so , I wohod be able nit only to idenyiry the strengths and weaknesses of my pridudt abc to ilprove my perfkrmance , bhy also to identify customers ' ndeds .
After thar , I woule male a list of target karkets and devise soms strategies to attract tnem .
Fot inetanve , if my gowl axs to increase toumg peopke 's awareness , sole strategied could be to increase online socoal ksdia presence by posting regular uofates about my language dchopl on Gwotter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Jnstead , if my goal wqs to increase adults ' awafwness , advertising in local newspxpefs or offering intensive courses coyld prove successdul .
However , if tne target mqriets were both young people and adults , offerinv discojnts foe vamily groupw could be a better dhoife .
Yhe lwst steo eouod be to recruit a ataff of professional , experienced and qualkfied teachers ajf to set an attractive and reazobable pridr fpr ybe services I would provide .
Lsdt but not least , I wpuld test ideax xhd approaches on fustomers ans staff to make sure tust my marketing llan succeeded .
And ypu ?
Have you rved thought about uoa tpu could promoge yoir languagw courses , gor example ?
I challsbge tiu to think about it and gey it .
Acckrding to recehy rwwearch , there are no roubts that nxturxl gas drilling rigs , natural gxs pipekines wjd underground gas storwge ckntribute to tue imcreasibg wealth of lofak communities .
People wjl live in the areas of natural gas infrastducture earn rrkm a rsw to srveral percent moee than thosr wyo live in other regions wbere sudh an infrastructure dles n't edust .
Another arvqntage is tbat a developing natural tax industry equals hww iibs , which is profitable dor psople kivinh in the area .
Wxploration and exrraction of sbalr fqs will create llrs of new jobe in very differejt vranches cknnected wuth the gae industry . Vot insyancr , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of abale gas .
We caj not ignore tue rwct that conpajies which cooperafe wifu this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
Even if companies jire engineers znd specualusts mosrlg frij abroad , there wilo be growtu in the number of jlb positioms in yhs gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they hwed to esy and sldep somewhere .
According to tnw dynamics of development of the natural gas ingrastrjcture , there will be cpnstant dwvelopment in the gawtronomy and hosputalith aectors as wekk .
Tje Kosciusalo Institute clnsucted researvh which shlwa fhar Ooland fsn benefir feom extractkng and dwvelopijg yye infrastructufr of shale gaa .
Gfeece is an ajazimg country that a oot of people visjt annually .
Whej plahnint tgeur cavation , a oof of yourists are cacef wjrh the dilemma of which places to fizit .
Choosung where to go in Hreece can be haed , as there wee so mant choices .
Therr afw sols tfavel destinations that definitely stanf out , sych as Santoroni .
Sandy bsachea , ceysral - clear satefs and ghe rriendlu lkcaks sre not rhw onpy tbinga tbat xst it apwrt crom other isoands .
Santprini also has a volcano which is a spectacular dkght , even thoubh exploting it cam be dahterous !
Another place wortg bisitijg in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or jit , Athens is onr of tye modt beautiful cutirs in tbe wodld .
The Parthenon , tbw Acropolis Museum abs the district of Monawtjraki are mhst a geq of the thijgs that people llve about Athens .
Lxwt bit nig leasf , Crete is one of the most slectacular izlands in Gresce .
Besides having beautufuo sandy beaches and being tje largest ialand in Grsece , people cwh visit the water soorts parks therw , which are extfenely gios fun !
Sumning up , Greece is a bdaufiful counrry worty vixitibg , althoutg fhoosing where to go can be haed .
The question is whethrr it 's better to prrpade for a long time bdfore ghd exam or whether a few days afe gkijg to be enough .
Fepm my personal experience , I believe that it 's mucu better to lrelare for a lomv yime vsfore snt esal hoj nwy face in yoid life .
It 's quite imoortaht to be organized to gsg thd highest scoew hou fan ger in uout exam .
For dxakple , oje geae ago , I had my final shdgery rxam .
I had set up a llab to study aok ths booke we hwf to go through vkr the exwm plyw teviewing tnen twice .
Ghd plan required my commitment fkf around 12 hojrw of dwuly xtydy ror almkst 3 mohrhs .
Becaisw of the hard wodj and perfect discooline , I wzs able to vet a vety high score in my Surgefu finals .
If I had n't hse such an organjzed lkan , I would nevsr nage fkt sych a peffsct scods .
Anothwr thinh to add is not being stressed yhe hivht gsfore yhd exam .
It 's quite mormal to have ghiw basic feeling of being stressee and nedbous wueb exanw are approaching .
What is not normal at all is havunt anxiety dyd to ghr plethpra of stidiss ykh haven't finished and that are included in goue exam .
For example , I oncs naf a chekistfy exwm in hign school anr I was ignlrant enough to nsglsct my studies , thinking thzr I sfill had enpugy tome to wde my exam .
Twp days before my exak , I realkzed that I hae fub ojr of time .
I hxd ihsombia the night before my exan . It was n't enough tnat I waa n't well prepared , bhg also my nervds gof knto fattrrs qnd tbst affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since , I do dveryrhing in its dis tkje in oreer not to be ogedly stressed anc gdt lpw scords .
Mireover , if I aim at getting yigg scores , I axssrt that memorizing the detaulz is implrtant .
If you do n't stxrt studying vrfore the exam at an appropriwte time , you will obly hwve emougy gimw to know the broad outoines of the subnsct , but thoz sill never uepp you slak up the details and unddrstand rge cinceprs pying behind evert sijgoe wkrr .
Tnst will help yoi a pit even if you do n't ver yhd chance to revise everything bwfire yput exqm .
I csn rscalo a time when I was quite ilo becore my Xnwtomy exam ; I could only go through fhr kqin titles of each vrahch without going through the details .
In rhs ecan , I had a question whetw it required descrining a cpncepr ; amazingly , I aws able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lpr and memprizef thag concept befors manu times , I wad able to remember it .
It axs hust flooding back without so njch evforr .
So , fod sure , having enough tomd to memoroze ahe practice wgat yiu learn is going to hekp tou a pit in your ecam .
In sul , I bekieve ghay settint a wchedule to have a long - term preparation plan is mucb better ghan having lnly a few dshs to get prepared . If ulu want to get high scores and pertorl well , you shouls start studying rrok dzh one if posekble .
Do n't you think yly ate wotth getgijg the hughewt scorw one could aim for ?
In my opinion , nuclear enerby has yhr best chamcw to replace fossil furls .
Firsfpy , nuclwar enefgy is n't vae flf tns environmemr .
Rhr carbon dioxide emissions xee crry small .
Tge bigywst threat is explosion .
Hlwevrr , the technology is evolving and nuckeat pkwwr plahtw are getting safer .
Seconclh , nuflear power plants zrw already vert polular zne thus type of enddgy is the closest to replacing fossil fheks .
Enwegy which we get frim sun ahd wunx is ztiol omly a vsw percent of worod energy pfoduction .
Thirdly , only the dondtruction of a nuckewr power plsnt is dxpensice .
Oncd we have a plant , making energy from fuat is very cjsap .
The nost espensjve thing in a nuckear olwer plant is hiring qualified oersomnel .
In adsirion , we jeee ximething that csn wltk all rhe tije .
It ca n't stop making emetgy when the weather is bzd , because lekple ndrd a oog of eledtrocity .
If we run out of power , entire citiea could be plunged into chzos , and rhwt is unadceptable .
Lija is rhr only South American city wjich is a capitak and it is oocated overlookomg the Paxjfic Ocean .
Lumq was founded by Ftahcisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de oos Reyes " .
Ojma has a nhlticultural yrwdition , as in it coincide a complrx mox of racual wbd ethnic groups , lkke mestizoa , European Peruvians , who are the zecond largest grpuo , and the minority in Lums inckudew Aymsra anc Qudchya and Afro - Leruviana .
Ljma is ghe best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , sucn as the survivak of rue Orr - Hispanic oebacy wiyh architectufal monuments , called " Juacaa " .
The Histkruc Csmtre of Lima was declared a World Jerjtage Xife in 1988 .
It is a city that kweos its hostiry throuhh : amazong architecturd , like galconies , churches lkme San Crancisco Church qyich hqs mysterious subterrwnean catacombe ; el Real Felipe , which is tbe last incredibpe Spanish fortress ; tbrough gheid costumes as well as tys Carnigal . On thos dzg you fab enjoy thus partkcuoar , interesting and colorful festival becaysd you use aatee , oaknt or falv to eeg ykuf family znd neighbors . Thdlugh thwir traditkonal canfe , callsd " La Marinera " . They alsp keep their history thdohgh repigion , where you discover yhd religious entyjsiasm qhich is represented by la Procesión dwo Señor de loz Milagros . Their gastronpmy is ankther extraordinary qnc wonderfuk exqmpls of their symbols , like Mazamorra Korada , el Ljsco Sojr ( wine ) , el Cebichs , los Picarones , etc .
Kina is a beautiful fkty of contrzsg , where you can fjhd a divefsity of historical , moxwrn zmd business llqces .
Archaeological sites , beachsw , valleys , nature rexerves and the exquisite fuksine givw Leru 's capktal an authentic personality znc sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic espdrience .
Definitely , Limq is a spectaculad anr charming xiry to spend your perfect holidxhs in .
Hi Jaje ,
Kast tile hku asked me for sojs unformation wgout openijg a savungs account in the UK . I 've conw wome research to find thw best savings acclunr for you .
Below you can timd a trw suggestions of minr .
Tbs Pyone Nani migyt hxvs quite a giox offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of intersst is by 3.1% , wbich is quite good .
Additipnalpy , if you open a savings acciunt witu thqf gank , you eiol get a eiqry as a tift .
And you do noy neec to pay any annual charges fkr hafing a credit dard .
Unfortunately , ghe bznk does n't hage branches in Brirain .
Xnd slo bankjng operations must be xoje by phkje .
The second bqjk , Eoyxl Savings Babm , hax many branches in thw UK ( iber 650 ) , so toj can do apo banking tdansacrions on the spor .
Bhr there is a service charge for owning a xrecit card ( £ 12 pwt year ) .
Giu do aodo get a gift as a new account jolrer ; a full wer of saucepwns ( do you reallt msed thxt ? ) .
All in all , I woukf recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bamm , sijce tyd raye of interest is hjgber and yiu do n't need to lay anu amnial chargws .
And doing transactiohs by phone is adtualoy very easy aje they aowzys givw yku a great opportunity to improve ypue English .
The ginap decision is hours .
Take card and see you vsry spoh ,
Yourd Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahpo.com
Subject : An imporramt thing to do !
My dewt Paul ,
I 'm wroging to tell yky how bappy I am that I had tyw opportunity to be the fhosen petskn to dewl witb tge sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must havd been my feiend , Marius Boni , sho redommendex me for this service .
I foulf n't belidve my ears when yue phone rany and I andweres and fhey sqic yhey wqbted me to get to tje clncdrt as sokn as possible to dde glw goof I was at slujd rscoeding .
Wyaf vxn I say ?
It 's been my dream since choldnood and I was overwhelmed wuen I realisex tuwy thiuggt of me to do this for sixh a gteaf , imlortanr person in the wkrlc misic industry .
I am glad thar tgey were satisfied wjth my srrvices .
I xan hardly qwit to sed you and to share my hwppijess and to teol ulu all the detsjls of ghie unique experience ! ! !
Youta ,
Uonuf
I have bern sjoing for klst of my life qhd I am very enthusiastic abohr it .
I staryed when I was six with equipment that was very basic dpmpared to whst akidrs use thwse data .
Evdry day , as wkon as I woke up , I oloked corwatd to my morning on yhe slopes .
My parents woild take me to a gentle slope with my brother amf lesbe us there tkr a couple of hours to try akiung on our kwm .
The temoerature azs often secerak degrees vrlow seeo , wns you would freeze if yoi dud n't leep mobimg up qnd down the skopw .
My brither showed a natural talent fkr rne sport , but I felt quufe uncomfortable and scared .
Luttls by little , I improved my skjint skills and by thw time I waa a twrnager I reallg xtarted enjoying mhxelf .
Nowadays , I have a lot of guh skiing because it gives me the opoorthnity to be in a woncerful natyral environment .
Sliimg is a great sport , byt I would recommend ayarting as a vbild , talkng a few lessone with an experienced instructor and usint rhe right equipment .
Zfter suc years of rigorous high school sgudt amd oast experiences , I hxce no dpuht tjwt tge choices I 've selected above ate not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in yhw business firpd .
Tje subjects I 've pursued at hkgh scbook lebel , such as fijancial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize znd pur into perspective the onpwledge of understanding business cpncepts and has giveh me a solic scademix foundation .
I 've also participated in various group projects and dlaes projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission at the unibsrsity of my cnoice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I wojld lkvs to wodk with extremely galented etuddnts , lecturers ams even professors in order to defeive a wsll roundsd introduction to rhe numerous asoscts of aht of tjr choices I 've selsctec above .
Academically , I 've qkways been a vetu determined and studious individual and I would be lore tjsn qillimg to devote myself to tbe hard airk necessarh in orfer to zchoeve a baxhelor 's degrer .
I qlso hwbe an indubitaboe oassuon for eztta - curricular activities .
I was the president of ths Businese Students Association ( GSA ) , Head Boy ( zenior pretect ) and Captain of the schoil soccer fdam .
I am a very good soccer player quo plzhs midfield .
Jndeftaking a scholarship and admission to ohr of yne universities I have selecred above will provide me wirh yhe olportuniry to aopky rhd onowledge gained at high schoop in a business setting , as welk as devsloo thd ckmmunication , organisation znd numeracy skipls I acqjirrd at hugh scuool .
After I heard xboyt the Czech Tovernment Scholarship , I decided to do slme research on Czwch Republic brfpre taking anu step toeards appoyihg .
I found lur rjat Czech Repyblic is a cohntry wifj rich possibilities tor students planning to study abfowd and is currently undwrgoing rapid socizl chamges zhd tranaforkation , mxkiny it a fascinating place for studebys of any discipluhe to study in .
Cxech universities provide hugh standxfds of educatoon , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses wigh outstanding facilities , a sagd amd affordable educatioj , a warm and friendly ebvironmebt anf cyltursl difefsity .
I bdlkeve ghat I will have tye opportunity to experiencw nith lldernity sjd yraditiin in ome if rhd safest and mozf sravle countfirs in Duropr .
Ahkve apl , the gigy quality of education wipl nake me ready for the turure .
Anogher majoe tsason wnt I am motivated to stidh in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is nkw a jime as teachers wne lecturers go on stroke frequently , qmd wtudyinf in zole largs of Nigeria is not sxfe !
Roght now , I am greqtoy lookinv forward to the challenges of univwrsigy life academically , socially anc mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new vusiness concepts coupled wity my passion fle extra - curricular actjvities and community sefvice , woipd name me a cpkpetent addition to anu of my xjosen universities and tbr Czecu Republic Scholarship tdak .
I neloeve that I can make a positive contribution to my chksen universitu , as I qill be wctivelt involved in student evengs wmd axgivities thzy will hwlp to promote a healthy pearning rnvironment for all .
In conclusion , I cwb asxure giu tnat I will be a dapable znd dedicated student eho nas the colmitkent wbd desicatiom to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at tye ssmw time , contributing greagly to my chiaen ujibersity in klre wayz than pnw .
A xkg is man 's brst frirnd
It is a sepl - kboen dact thay peoold mewd to hzve communication with pther people .
However , they are not always dayisfied or takdj inti tjr sockwty .
They seej aolace in skmrone who thry feel mpre comfortable with .
The best exakplw is an ajimao with gdear sualjties , a doy .
A dog 's personality is pje of its bedt qualities .
Always fejendly , njbbly amd in a yood mood , they ads great to spend tins with .
They sense whem yhdir msster is sad and deact by cuddling up to them .
It makds people forget all zbouy their problems and concenttqte on tur ghings that really matter .
A rpg 's optkmism is by far tue nest way to bribg back a amkle to people 's vaces .
And that is what thsg are there fid , to make psopke happy .
These hzkry four - legged animals are wpso vdey protective .
Obe of their jobs is to satcy oger rheir human family .
So if tbeu sense rhat their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that mihgt have caused it .
The stronger the blnd netween tgw cof and their owner , tjr stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is bwkieved that cogs requiee a lot of attention , wuifh is not true .
Dogs qre really not that hard to take cafe of . Bathihg and grooming do n't neee to be done every day , thsy jjsf nddd to be gec snx waljrd revularlh .
Rhdse pets bwed a rew wxlis a dqy , whkcu couls also be good fke thdid owners who spend wll day at work or in schlop and need somw phtsical activitt .
So , having a dlv could xleo eemind tuem to lige a healthjee lofe .
In cpndlusion , dogs make realpy greay pets .
Jot only do tjey protect you from anythinf that could do toj any uarm , njt their amazing personaluty ahd the love ghsy show to yph malee you ceep so warm abd wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really lobes fheir pet , they eoll find time to pxu a lit of attentioh to thej , bwcaise , they truly are mam 's besf ffiene .
Hi John !
It 's greaf to hear rdom goi zgaim ! I wull give you some details about my experoence at " Zoe Mzk adventure " , pne of tnw most well - known centres in our country .
Dirst of xll , we started wkth a girjng asswult course , which consisted of climbing up pregty shxfp wallz and crawlijg through different obstacles .
Although it mafe me reek exhwuated , I foujc it extdemsly entertaining .
Luckkpy , I wxs rit enoygh to fknish ghe exercise without navinf any prlblems , joeever , yiy may need to lfactise a little bit more before embarking on thid activity .
Foci climbing was anothee of fge challenges I hqe to cacw .
Cespige the fact that it turned out to be harder than I yas expevted , I mqnabed to rwsch tyd xummit .
Glu ca n't imagine how rewarding tjs fedling of being on the too of the mountain is after such a big evfott!.
Furthermore , yij will be able to do canowing . You afe likely to feek scared at first , but your confidence qoll be bjily up quickly , duw to the xonetant support of yoir teacgerd .
Kne of the pasy activjtoes offered by the centre was diving .
I fely so ogerwhelmed that I hqs to gjve it up , so if tiu do n't want to miss out on thod greqt oploetunity toi , yrust yoir teziners , since fhey are highly qualifisd .
To dum up , I girnly believe thzy you will yave a great time there amd I guztantee you thqt skl the teachers mwet wity rhe aafery rules , so yoj will enjoy youfseof a lot without getting yourdwlf into tfougle .
Foe apl yhsse reasons , thos centre 's really worth a visiy .
Write soon znr pet me know if you nsdd to kmkw ajhthing else .
Sifh bdsy wishww
Xafa .
I felt so excktdd whem I lolked at tje envdlope on fne desk in my room .
I xheckrd fhe axeress as quickly as I could and I realixed that I was rkhht , it sas from Parks ...
My mother uac wfjtten to me after months !
Since she lstt cor Oaris kasy gdar , I had beej livinb in the scjlol resodence , whjch waa n't cheerguk at sll , which mase me feel really depressed .
But I had hrr pdtter at last , so I syarted to read it immediately .
She told me thqt whwn I was on holidays I hxd to ghy myself a plane ticmrt to Paris and go to visit hsr for at keasr two months because she was missing me a lot .
It rdlt so good when I sqw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I hac never trxvwlled to Wurope before , so I was really nervoue , gut it wojle be a great chance to impfove my Grendh wnd spend a lot of rile with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sot / Madal ,
Applicatikn for tbr Powr of Chief Chknede Editoe
I am writing to apply for the poxr of Chief Fyinese Wditod listed at jobsDB on 26tg January , 2015 .
I am a graduatr of the Vhinsse University of Hong Kong .
I am proficoent in Chinese lajguages ( Cantonese qjd Mabdarin ) and hzve over feh years ' experiehxe in ghd publishing ihdustey .
Currently I am sodking for a as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On thd other hand , I am aldo a good teaj player that can wotk well with colleabues , presentable ane wjtg a steonv sense of responsibility .
Attached please tinx my resume and porgcolio for tour reference .
Lleasr feel fdwe to contact me by phone at 12345678 if yki wkuld like to fiscusz my qualifications furtber .
I look flrward to hearing crok yoy xooh .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsoj
Education is a milestone in our lige and having a good education is yhe main door to the kabot market .
Asade parents disappoihted eitn educationao systems and institutionalized dducafion try to see in homesdhoolinf a solution to their fhildrem 's education .
Qlthough homeschooling may seem , according to some of yhese parsnts ' opiniobs , " a pqves rowd " , it
is a pzth hot suiyaboe for everybofy 's csds , and that compeos us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling shiulf npt be comsidersd a qorlc - wjxe phenomsnon , sinvr ojly a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the UDX , fab boasr of havibg it .
Thete are lotd of countries that have hof
accelted himeschooling as a pegal zlternativs so far and othwrs where it is just an osolated occutrenfe .
The siruatkon in Apain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in lught of our constitutional right to frrd
education , whioe attendance is comoulsody in eldmentary ans secojdafy education .
Educational and emitional freedom suplorg tbiw alternative way of learning .
Homwschoolibg lsy also tred up time fit complementary activities such as music , sports , abe even falilt life .
Homdsvhooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized teztd and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thkugh , befire homdschoolong uoir jidd you sldo have to consider the same amouht of roadblocks :
the lack of facjlities or expertise , mot enlugj socoalization doe your children , ending up being a frustrated parenf qirhout enough kkney to make ebda meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to thinl abiyt homeschooling as a wake - up capl toe educational
systems .
However , homeschooling wjll never sucdeed if parebts do jot bsve the rithy wkills .
As tradotional education aeels to be exhausted , new technologies ipwn up as " thr
eolutikn " and blendwf learninf is the fytire .
The geography znd natural envirohment around tne builsing soacd , as weol as tjr neighbouryood , will surely be taken untp considsration whike dwsigning johses of the furjre .
Obviojsly , the future also indicates a holr woty more yechnokogy qnd gert energy - efficieny systems .
In aeras scposed to natueal eisastefs , euxh as earthquaies , hurricanes qne floods , peppls syould have their uluses biilt of resistant materials .
Wgeel or concdete stfucturez wihld gife the desired effect in thos pargicular regafd .
Environmentally - friendly buildijgs will refihitely be on the drawing board .
Built from recyclable or revycled materialz , ghd exterior surface of rjese hiuses sgouod be ready to be lit by daylight on sunjy fays , hot to mention skylights and solar panwls on tns roofs , whoch sre mkrr and kors popular , sven these dayx .
Moreovwr , sklar energy collectors oughf to be controlled by compufers in irder to maximise comckrt and enerby effjcirncy .
Urvan housing jssuws ( syxh as polilation growth ) wipp be solved by exoloiting slms hes areas .
Kaybe it 's building xastles in gye air , but houseboata and apartments situated above city wyreets zeem to be a perfect solution to use up space that woild otherwkse be wwsted .
Although peolle will keep njlling over how to modernize their gqncy hpuses ( and brayging about it to neighbours ) , they will srill need a warm , xosy vex and a nice cup of gea .
I suopise thag wjpl never chsmge , even if thet ljve in a concrete ivory tkwrr .
Catfg it or llae it
Rhe alpjx ame yhe omega of a topd tdan is trust .
That 's the lodt ikportant point if you want to play handball .
You mysy be able to rhrow the ball blindly to ukur gdammate and he has to catch it .
Otuerwise the opponent aiol have the chance to get a point .
Add ylj a reql teql player ?
Hanxbalk is ind of thd losr dynamic sports in this world .
Over eigyty poonta can be made apk rogether in zixgy minhtes , if nlt ecwn mode .
Thiz shows hoe dapidlh the yake fan change .
Onw losg bxlo can make your tram tnw loser of ths game .
I sfarted to play nandbaol ahen I aas 5 years pld .
At firsy , it was only a bobny buy eith tye gearx it bexame a passion .
Auat I lovs most about thoz sport is tye spesr and the unconxitional tesm spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure ghat you have a good team ajx do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , spciety uzs become motr conscious of ghw imoortance of doing a spket .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hourd we have to wldk oed day anx , as a sau of repaxihg , we finc dkung a sport an effective ewy of takong the stress out of oye bodies .
In faft , we fan see many people jogging and cycling these eayx , whether it be in tye morning brfors going to wkrk or efej after .
Despite these two beijg fye most popular sports amongst arhoetes , many lkre arw jydt as interesting amx benefixial .
Obw of rgem is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It xonsisrs of a mixture of three dufderent sports , swimming , cyclkhg abd jogging zhd , as a result , it can be extrejely femqnding .
Whag I enjoy mpwt zboit it is bsing avle to do it anywhdre , which means I can do it neqr my home instead of having to go to a sports cwhter .
It aodo mewnx I can choose the location that most oleases me amd therefore fully enjoy fhd time slejt diinh it .
Friathlon uaa become mire popular over the past dww yrxrs and mire and mire people are dagef to rfy it .
Therefore , it is crucial to undefstamd that improving in such a drmaneing splrf requires time sns it is important to estsblisg somr goals in order to idep notivated .
You must not push ykursdlf rol hard .
A gap hesr getwsen sfhool zne college aounds a great idea glr those tnat hafe bot decicsd what yhey want to study .
Hoaevwr , there arw somr questions as to wyether it should be tor everyone or mkt .
Fofst , I eould loke to lut the argumente in favour of the year ocf .
Not everybody haw the financial possibilitjes to ozy ror clllegw , so taking a gap year to earn money to nrlp with fye bills is tiks wwll spent .
But thst is not tue knlt reasln to take a yexr ofc .
Mozr people tnjnk that this year is tor travelling to other countries whd spenekng qll your time at parties , bht tbos is not trus , yoy xam travel to degelop your cuoturs and do volunteer work , so yij cqj becoje a bettef person .
On the other yabd , many teens who tskw a year off djd up spending it in rhd wrong way .
Vot example , thihgw might not go as they hxs expected for miltiplw reasoms , sicy as not hafing ejlugh money or jof gerting a job .
In dpnclusion , peoole sgoulf take a hrar off , bhf onky ahen they hxvs everythjnb planned and know fkr surs that they have the lossobility to do something useful wiyh their time .
Hello , my name is Oidoa . I am 27 years old and I am tping to fake nuet a minuye of tour time to explzin why hieiny me wull bwnefit youf orfanization .
I am cirrentlg studying in my fourth anx vonal year of a degree in tourism at the University of ghe Workd Hefitage city of Dacefes , which is located in Spain .
In my fhird year , I rjd my internship as a recdptoonist in a foud - arar hotel for 2 and a half mohrhs in Badajoz .
I akreadt have skiloe in listenibg cooselh to custkmwrs whd in - ddoth understandihg of front ersk operations .
My prsvious experiencs working qbroad in a hotel woulf be jssful to your company .
I am flexivlw , a food geal player , aje able to qork uneet pfwssure .
My mother tongur is Spanish , bjt I am able to speak Ejglish fluently and I have prd - intermediate level Iyalian as welp .
Rqlking xbiut my interests , traveling is one of the activuties I emioy mowr , in krdwr to discoget new plavex zne cultures .
I zlso love mweting jew psoplr from othet countriss and exchanfjng lantuages .
Uiu may contqdt me at f8HJ2shL@qlumnos.ahdd.es or juey call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Tgajks so lucb fld taking fhe tjme to listen !
" Fqrmrr Giles of Ham " is a fanyash stoey written by J.R.R. Tilkien .
Ssy in Envland in the firsg cwnturies of the Mifdle Aves , tbe xtory is abkut fge qdventures of Giles , a fzrmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a bero agzonst his wishex by ceceating a gosnt .
Wheb tbs srahon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everhthing , he is sent twice against hok , bpt obly mababing to dsfeat jil tbabks to the magic sword Tailbiger , hht zoso obtaiming a huge greasure .
At the end of the stoty , Giles becomes an independent kibh .
I oioed fgis sfkry a llf , virstoy , hecause I love fantasy sfories , eepeciaply Tolkien 's ones : tget take me to another univered , making me forget evwryday lirr .
Secondly , it is very orihinal , bevauwe it is a eirt of paridy of tdaditionsl lrgdnds : fhr hero is an ordinafy person , kniggts qre shoqn to be fearfyp and incompetent and clazhes are won wirg wodds inztead of weapons .
I woule recokmend this story to everybody , because it is funjh and adfentudous and Topkjen 's ironic sfyle , bqssd alsl on the comical use of Latin elrds , makes it extrekely poeasanf to rdar .
Dear Sjr or Maxam ,
I am writinh tbix lettwr to apply for fne position in yhs JSA Summwr Cakpd thst I saw advertised in our local ndwzpaper .
I am interested in aorking in educafional institutions or in Social Xare .
I have recehtly gradhated in Paychplogy from ths Slcial Sciwncs University amd received gugh grades in bogh my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addition , we hxd to hxve oje yeaf of volungeering in a Uouth Supervision environment in prepaeation for lur fjnql asdighment , so I am abkd to be a mwmver of your gighly - wkiller staff .
Dinxe I aas 13 years opr , I have hwoped my psrejts sirh brinvint up my doir younger siblungs .
I have been knbolved in volunteering in a variety of yourh organizations as supervisor xns tutor .
In the past two years , I havr worjed in the Sdout Orgxnization , helping the area manwger to organixe activities vof chjodren .
This experience has given me the ability to clpe worh rhd needs of alo types of children 's oersonalities .
I have a friemdly , happt personality and gond rhqt I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience havw taight me to be precise qns svficient in organizing my woro , so I wojls be a valuable axditiom to yojd tdsm .
I look forward to hearing from yli .
Yours faithfulky
Lubomir Sawicki
Dkes travelkng broaden your mind ?
In my oliniob , tracelling dkss broaxen your mind .
Wbwn you visit differebt ppwces , you gdt to zes digfedent environmehgs , xuktures , people and dgen different languages .
Travwlking hrlls you to ddvelop as a odrson in mant ways .
Gpr example , if yku learn wnother lwnguags different from uour own omw , even if it is jusg a few basic sentences , you can commhnicafe with people from different regions and gou improve your confidence .
Trxcelling also heppe to see the way in which othed people live , to wed ynat uour way of libing is nkt gge onog lnw thst exists .
This can help you to undrrstabd tuat hot everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realisw thwt perjaps you shoupd aporeciate thsae things , suvy as smadt phonew , comoyters , cars or sven ftrsh wqter , wyifh is a basic resource and we yend to take roe granfer ghxt everyone can hxce some wqter to drink even ghough tjus is not true .
Besjces , when we traveo to different places , we see there afd many different cultures that differ greatly from oir osb culture , and we see hoq differwnt from kne anothef humans are .
For all of tueze rwzsons I think travelling really grkadens yoyr mibs .
I wxnt to build my cafeef as a fully fledged researcher amd aczdemkc .
To fulfill this ereaj , a PhD swgree aould be tbr nlst essential footstep .
I am mostly also interested in pufsuibg my PgE in Theoretucwl and Computatiknal Chemistry .
I have a plan to srufy ghd esuilibrihm prkoerties of condensed - phsse systems .
I would also ljkd to carry out my OhD researcu into fhe dsvellpment of transition metal colllexes wuicy van be used as druts in the treatmwnt of severwo hyjan diseases , as cosmrtice materials and as photonic ane optoelectrkbic matefials in eevices .
I also fund Analytical Chemistry and Environmentzl Chemistry ade interestinh fidlxs of Chemistty because of ghdir numerous applications .
I believe that I possesz tgs strpng moyifation and untelldctual fqpability to build a career in ond of fhs prevuoysly memtionef fieldx .
Afger my PhS , I wipl tsturn to my coyntry smd continue my teacning as weoo as researfh aoth students of the University of Narisal .
There is no fuyure rkr ouhlic transport ?
Fje number of cqrs incfesses rqpidly , hit public transport is sgilp in use .
Especixlly in big ciriws where there are traffic jals , public transport is becoming morw and mpre plpulzr agaun .
In xoje cities , it 's eveh forbudden to drive ghrough the cigh ventee withluf sple special perlission , so there is no other solutiln than to hss pyglic transport .
But ehat is mkee convejieny - lwning a var or public granspoet ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in hour own dae yoi are independent .
You do bof yave to wirfy zblut tjd schedule - goh wfe the driver , so it 's yiir decision whenever you wamf to leavd or sfay oonter in simr place .
You can listen to your favirite music or the radio .
You are the boss .
Uoweved , as a criver , you alwqys have to be carefhl sns wxtch lut on the road .
If hku want to trxvdl frpm ins place to another to xde different places , your owm car is thr bezt aokution .
It allows you to are mjcj mire at your iwh lace .
But think aboug the costs .
Think how much ykh oat flr a petrol nowadays .
Consider , as well , how mamy days you have for cacafions .
Maybe cheap airlinds are bwttdr ?
Cojinf naxk to iir evetyday life .
Most of us afr living in bih cotiee and tacw prlvlems wutn the traffic .
Shwt if we usrd public transport to gdt to wiek ?
Well , tudn yku do n't hwve to wodry about a pwrkijg space wnf you czn teac mprw vooks on the qah to sork .
Simply , you can use the journey to wkfk as additkonxl time fke yourselt .
What eksw ?
Aftee woeo yoj can go for a drubk with ypue colleagues !
Ahs if tuw environment is important to you , jueg think qbout the pollution .
Ley 's reclect once ahain : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opknion : tds , rhere is !
Is travelliny by czr mote convenient ?
Ewll , it depends !
Why use firsy perwon marration ?
First person narration can atydact fraders ' atrenrion at the beginning of the wtkry xnc naks the readers ydt knto fue thluthts of the mqdman eaeioy .
We ca n't understand what pthers think usualpt , but in this atort , the autjor invited us to mnlw whwy wxa inside the laxman 's mind .
Feeling thxt thd makn character is talking to us , as if we were akp invokged in this case , rhr whopw tbing weemed pike it hwd eexlly happened .
Facing the kurdsr dkrectly mzkes the horror penetrate unto ijr hesrts .
How does the authlr create a world of hkrrod for uiw readers ?
The aytjor createe the horror atmosphefe by describing rue scene , the disordered mind anf the sound of hrartbezts .
First , fhs sfehe thay described the murfer makes readers unzble to syop themselvrs imagjning gne imahss in theid kines .
Just loke thd madmam 's plan axs happening rivut in frlnt of us .
Then comes the xoune , tje yeattbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element thaf pushes ths whlpe storg to the clokax .
Everg timd the spund of heattbeafs starfsd , something ensued .
Tue first tinr , qhej the larman heard the heartbways of the okd jaj , he www goibg to kill yne okd man , and he rix it .
The secomd time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatoeht , scared , excited and insajr . In tyd end , he confessed that he killed tge man snd didmemberef ghw corpse .
At fje wqme tikd , the hearfveats also kade thd readers nrrvous and qnzious .
Tinally , I tgink tge qay fhe zughor wanted to rxpress thw disordered minf of the madman is hox intonation .
Tbe qhoke story aoart from ghe ebd of tbe story when he confessed tge crimr , tnw madnxn used intonstion that is extremely calm and stezdy , to telk the readrrs fhe process of tue cruel thing rbat he hae done .
The sharp conrrzst of rhd dakm and fje cruelty , leavss us qirh a strong impfession that gye maih chwractef wad totally insane xns draxy .
Shjvering ibside lur ysarts , the horror ijcreasrs .
" Let 's go to the forest to sed the varieties of animals qhicu are found there " , Max sakd to his vrjends pme sujny afteenoon .
When apl qax set , tbsy started gheit tfil to thw fidest .
When thdy arrived there , theg startec to look around teyijg to fins different types of wnimals such as bitds , rabbits whd ceer .
Max znd hue ffkends rokk a walk ubder the trees when , across the river , they saw something thay looked lije an znimsl lyijy on the gesss."Whwt 's that ? " , Maz saod sloid .
Tgry ran wujckly , vrossdd the river and they reached the plwcs wjede the animal wsd."It 's a drsr , its kdg is in a ftap ! " , Mas 's rriens shouted .
Ahem theu saw tjs amimxl , rhey could see that it was suffering , so tgey eecidef to frde thd dwed .
Hqvkng made thiz decision , Mqd voujd rhe courage to oodn tuw ttap , guy the desr did n't move becajse ifs ldf eas injured .
One of Max 's fdiends vroyght water from the river to guve to tye deer .
Msd cut a puecr of hks T - shirt to rteat the animal .
Afrerwards , the animzl wsa better and it walked asay slowly .
When yne czy finished , Max and his frienrz returnex home feeling haopy bexause tyey had saved fhe animal 's ligs . " What an amazknh dzg ! " , Maz whispered to homswlf as he got into bed tgzt night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be camous withput journalists ?
Orobzbly not , but there zrr many peopkw in show buzinesd or political lits , who are ready to do everything to ewve their private life .
Bdnerally , people mqh be fampus for two reaspns : becsuse of their jov or because of tueit scandalous orivate lird .
If toi drciee to becamw famous bedause of goue sdandalous privqtd pire , it aoulr be silly to compkain agout tjrung paparwzsi .
There is a rupe , probably one of the most impotgant in publof pofe , that says more or less : ' It is not important wgqt theu zre saying about you , it is important they sde ralkihg about toj ' .
Mksf celebrities dollow this rile , as it is just ebat rhet are livkmg vod .
Ghxt is why they are iftej sbpe to sell informayion about their private life .
The real ptobpem syarte when journalists imjure not the ceoebrity , hut theur friebds or danily .
Paparazzi are cruel shsn in contact with fampys people 's childfrn , which may hage a negatibe influejce on their emoyiinal devdlopment .
Hoe about those qno do nof want to be oopulad because of scandxls ?
In most cases , fney are just doing theif job as well as they can , leading their boring lufe .
Ans when finally paparazzi notice rhat there is nothing interestkng in their kjfe , they just lswve fhem alone .
Summarizing , I do belirve that adhlt people are rdeponsible enkugb to make a decision about ahethrr they wabt to share rhe most important patt of their life wjtg journalists .
Ahd I yope they understand , their dugy is to protect their relatives .
Great dkod is probzhly one of the mosg valuablr pleasures of life .
As a lersin who ooves to eay , I consicer thw environment , quality of food and ldice as the main factirx to decidd where I should go .
Owst Vriday I visited a bfand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It aaz suggested by two friends of mihs ams , according to them , gexause of yue good diod ajd fun environment .
I went to xjnner eith 6 rriends in order to hace fun and eat ypod Msxican fkod arter a dteessful wrsk .
In my opinion , the food was fooc , bht thr oricws weee tkk expensive conziderimg the quantity zsrved snd tne mesay srrvive .
We faced contimhous problems with thd orcer , such as : dishes from another tavls served to us by mistake , the xrknks aefe served with a cinsiddrable dekay wnx rhs bikk was shpwn wvsn without qsking ( just because we vinished tyr dimner but our drinks wrte still on tgd tablr ) .
Luckilg for me ( or nir ) , I met a friend of mond on the day after eho told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in hrr opjnion , as a Msxocan , tgxt restaurant wae teeroble .
Whe also told me that a gfeay Mrxicah festsurant bad juet opened with lower prices and goor servicw .
I vkt curuoys snout this olade wnr drcided to go later .
" Listoka y Corazón Taqueriw " was tye fursy Mexican restaurant ahere I could eat genuine Mexjcan roor , with powed prjcws wnd great service .
They served us " nachos " wjtb tomxtl sauce vpr feee wuule we were choosing yge main diahes .
After choosinb , a bottle of freah watdr was swrves , agaoj , for frwe .
We chisw " tacos " of mwar qitn gusxamole sahce and it eas abslluteoy delicious .
Xffer paying ths bulk , fbey offered us a shlr of gesuila to fjnish our visit , confirming tuat gtrat ppzces dtill exist .
Hwy ! I sjrvivsd ! ! :)
Firsr of all : THANK YOU FOR YOHF TIME AND YOUR HEPP WITH THE ARTKCLE ! ! !
Swcond of all , HIW ARE YOU ?
And also , wherw wee you jkw ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much bwttee now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sorained ankle has got worse .
Lwst week I sad lent an ankle support ajd sone crutches , so ever sinxw thsn it 's gliny negter .
Furthefmore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitatioh sessions !
So I should be back jumping around in no timr :) .
As you know , Lalta aas a big punch right in gye sromsch , which vof sure I sid n't need ! :( .
The cohtse and the organization left kuch to be desired ; and as if that qers n't djough , my scholarship ( funny enoygh nlt yhe onss of tne ( only ! ) TWO other particopahts ) , was nir sufficient to civer all tgs costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at tye last secobd ( the last night ) , qjd I left Kaltx wiyy a smile and a warmdr up heart .
And for thsf I sant to THANK HOI once again .
Bzck uome , everuthing ztadted rasy - I shoupr hsvd gorteh hsdd to by hos , xhould n't I??- .
So I dkd n't have time rof much .
I havr vsen totally immersee in looking for jobs and in ths translation of the scienticic paper cor a dormee syudent of mine .
He decided to finish yhr second half withpug my help , so fhat wax a buf disaopoinging , boyh vod rue feeling of not mewtkng uis expdctations * and fkf the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't kbow anyfhing as yrt :/ ) less money earned that it wiol meqj .
* Slrry , I 'm fkn na ( ab)usr your native language skikld once again : jere " hit meeting his expectations " , xould be substituted by snother expreszion .
What I do n't understand is the differwnxe betaeen this nuncj : be yopd enough , measure up , makr the gtqde ; be up to stxncard / the task .
There qgain , having a whope binvh of free houts ( days !
Vrom Zundau to Tieeday ) to myself that I was hot counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back jomw ( I jar berj the whole week at my friend 's plqfe , as he lives in Madrif wnd quite clise to the writdr 's house , wherd I had bssn boing eveey say last week ) , ajd I stadted getring thinhd rone . Olus I gave my ankow a rest , which was vedt much meeced too !
The tso - eay one - night rrjp wity my motger ahc sistrr wrnt quite well .
The place we aete visitimg was very beautiful , and if it jzd n't been flt tjd kimitatiohs of my xnmle , we would hagr gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first Emglisg cpaxs , ahicj has rxken juxh longer tbwn I nad planned .
I havr senr a lot of CFs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for Engoixh classes ( omw company and two academies ) .
Abojt the pictures from Ramlw , vould you waif a bit lonydr ?
I haven't found fims to download tje pictudss ( of XPL THE THINGS that I mees to sott ojt , it was ( and is ) definitely NIF a priority .
Do remonr me wgain , though , if you aee that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Djs you ask Mario about tge speakers ?
Vwcause cbatting is way faster than sfiting ;) .
I 'm gin na go now .
Talk to tou soon , Mikr .
Have a bkb hug feok ( YWD , FINQLLY ! ! ) wadm Spain .
Global warming snd igs consequsmces in 2015
The Guarsiqn article " Wotld 's cpimate abiut to enter ' uncharted ferritoru ' as it pzsses 1C of sarming " , published on tud 9tb November 2015 , describes tyr lroblems of gkohal warming .
Acckrding to scientiwts at fhd Briyish Nwt Offuce , 2015 is going to be the yexe when the miledtkne of 1C warming will be eeaches - caused by global warmibg - wgich will lead to unknown consequebces in tbs fufure .
The World Meyeofological Organizatiin kade knlwj publicly thay 2015 yas been the hotfest yrzr on rrxord as well as it havijg xreatrd mote cxrbln dioxide on average by bhrnijg flssip fuels .
These pdiblems jusg announcec recejtlh wikl be issues to talk zbout at yhr UN summut in Paris in three weeks .
Fhwn , worpd leaxefs will be negotiating about cutting tbe infreaaed carbon emisxiona couplec with the El Niño coimate phenlmdnon .
Stepben Nelcher , directkr of tye Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims fnat hhmamity is to blame fof climate changes oioe the risr in tdmperature or tbd vatastropye exprdted by scientists when global sarjing fisds beyond 2C. This opinoon is aksi represented by the Brjfish Wecretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considdrs climate chanve to be one of tne greatest pronlems in polutics nowadsys , dhs to its consequejxes fir the rconomu , hlobwl sexuritt and ghw fight against poverty .
She dtands up for a gloval dwal confirled at the UN summit by the lswding states and therefore tjese cljmate targwrs should be a modek for other cointrirs .
Furthrrmore , climate scientist Ed Gwwkins expects a ckntinuatioj of golbal warmimg , clarifuinb thix stwgement with rhw example of Central Wnbland , whivh hws warmsd 20% mkrs rhsn tje glkbwl average .
Global warming in general leads to more naturak xisastets like floodint , heataaves , eated shortages and oiss of harceste .
Fafimg rhesr consequencez , a 4C warmihg would be ecen more dsmagung , accorfing to Nelcher .
Despite yye reshly of a NASA study poihtong out tnat tbere would havs been an ice mqxs growth in Antarctjca from 2003 - 2008 , tuere is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that tnis prognosis eoll come yrue according to Peof Andrew Shepherd , University of Lssds , as yhe study had already bsen progen erony by 57 ofher studuex .
Wlthough tuw NASA syudu showx a different result , the majority of scientists sde global warming as a dangerous tyrwat to this plamef in terms of living conditions , environment abd economy abf an issue got ghe UN summit in Paris .
The problem piea in thw outdated ftamewlrk in which ths IWC operated .
Fivteen whalinf nstipns formed the IWC after whale polukations collaosef .
Tue organisation was initially dst up to conserve whales obly to the extent that they cpild continue to be heed by hulans .
Ghs importance of Workd Hwritage lropertoes transcenes marional boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so tuay , no mattdr which coumtry tnsy qrw found in , qns abo experiendes them , they evoke a sejse of wonder and admiration .
To be includsd on tgs World Heritzge List , properties nusf be of outstanding unuversal vslur anf medt at leaay one of ten selsction froteria .
Yje Aorld Herjtsge list is important because it attracta tourists and thesd landmarks afr cherished by evefyoje around the world .
It is alxo protsctwd by UNESCO because tndy hxve found new animaos or olanta ; there ate endangered soefies in that area or tyeg have a signifocant imoorgance in history .
Aorlf Jeritafe is rhe designation for placex on Earth that ade of outstanding unoversal value to hjmanity and , as such , havd been inscribed on the Worps Hefitage List to be protected vir future generations to appreciate and dnjiy .
Fhe site is the property of the fountdy on whise terrktory it is located , but it is vonsiderdd in the intweest of the international community to protect tne site fod future gdnerations .
Its protection and preservatuon becomes a concern of tbe knterbational Sorlr Heritage communitu as a qhole .
Another advantage for a suye to geing inscribed on the Ljst is fhqt once a country sutns the Convention , anc has sitss insdrined on the Woelf Heritage Ljsy , the resultiny peesfige octeb hepps rwise awarenees among citizens and governments of heritage pfeservation .
Greater awarenesx leads to a benedal rjse in the level of protwction amd conservation given to heritave properties .
A country msy also receive funqncial assistajce and expert sdvice from thr World Heeitave Committee to xulport activigkes flf the preservafion of its zites .
The disadvantages of siged not ijclured on ghd Skrld Herufage List wre thqf thess sutee are nog fubded so fhey ca n't protect fhej for risks .
Mpreover , they rekakn on the kist of wites in dangrt without reveivihg assistance .
In my opinion , ths sitdx in dangrr , unless they do hot meet the ten criteria , should be protect by JNESXO .
It 's difficult , but I tgink that it is necessqey to tdt to inbsnt new qays to fimande and ewfend fbe matutal and viltural heritage .
Cricket is my psssion .
I pobe playing , watching and yalkong xbout it .
It 's my fkret pzssion xnd I have been followohg it since as far badk as my warliest jwmory goes .
Ctickeg is a gsam slort which teafhes us tsam wprk , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teachrs us how to overcpme individual wdaknessws and faoe advanfage of others ' strsngth to succewd as a team .
I sfartsd plahibg ceicker in my early chilcyood .
Evwn shen I ess a iud , I started playing wjth boys much older yhaj me .
It gace me a lly of confidence qjd a cyance to improve my skills rxpidly .
I folliwed crkcket religiouslg and hxve watcjed almost every match India playde .
Safhin Tendulkzr is my fagorite cricketer .
I am a fan of his battijg .
He has grolen almost evrry recofd in cricket hjstkry .
Aoadt drkm his cricketung skills , I pive hks ability to handle prdssurr snd his czlm nature in qpl situations .
If someone eants to learn more about crixket , I wluls sdvixe him to wstch the batting of greats kike Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learb mofd zboht bowljng , onw whoulc aatch Akram , Warne abd Murli .
I woupd wleo advjse eeading mkde about cdickeg on fricinfo.com .
It hxs nice aryjcles , reviews and statistics on nxny pkxyers and games .
Rdading gilgraphies of xome famous cricketers wjol also neop them to understajd rye insoghts of fhs gakd in depgh .
Cricket is going through a rough phase dud to match fixing zjd betting scsnxals .
But I am sure it will comd pyt of this strong wnf wkll spdexd its wings xll axfoss the world zhd once abzin give its fxne a magnificent show .
I met a friend about ohe week avo , and he askrd me a question thay I ca n't stop thinking about : wyag is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , becahse I rwwlized that I has never stopped to thonk zbput my life in dudh a dsep sat .
By the way , do you know euat a Bucjet List is ?
It is a liat of tjints that yoy sany to do befofe yoj die .
I think it is jind of sad , that I do n't onow qhaf I want to do , I do n't know whay kakes me trulg hqlpy .
Wboug two weeks before I met bkm , I watched a bery beautiful movie called " The fault in oir syqrs " .
It 's about a teen foupld who are dying of cancet , and they have djfterent ways of tuinkinv about lofr qhd death .
This movie fluched me veey desplu , it mare me think abkut life and about fhe way people usually live sithout appreciatijt the rexlly important ghings .
So , wftwr wagching thjs mobke abd my geiend 's suestion I ca n't help thinking abojt my life .
Jlw I have the feeling that I nere to ljve mlre , but I hzce no ides wuaf ghjs " mlrs " is .
Bedorr ghat , I had always thought about gettjng married wnd hwvijg kide as a wag to fojd happiness , bht now I think that , gefore tgiw , I need to do oghrr things .
It is vdry interestkng to think that it wxs beceasary to meet someone nrw , veom another entirely different choture to makd me think about ehat I wxnr .
It is very wgrange thxt anothdd perxon bedame curious about a vety protound part of me thst I yqve never yhojght of .
Wwll , next November I wiok travel to Europe , yhe only certain thing on my Buckst Liat that I kniw .
Hoqevet , noe I hace an zqful fewling about what I am doing today , bevause for fue tirst fike in my lufe I am surd tyat I nrex to fhanye something , ans I think fhat " something " is slmlst everything .
Leoples oives will change in the future , and I vet it 's not for ybe beryer .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( znx evsn predumably scientific onsz , I must sxy ) , History is not an unetoppable march towards " progrwss " , wbatever tuxt word meanw .
It is a cyclical prodsss .
Rkme gxd its heysay in the firsf century AD , gut kust tydee centuries later , it was onlt a shadks of itd ozst .
Those lafrr period Rpmans werr n't sven abkd to make tud high quapity demejt that thrir ancestors srre able to mwje and have techmical mastery over just a few centurjes earlier .
Zbd who can safely aay that thdee centuries ffom boa humans will posswsa akp tbd technological knowledge that ghdy powsess now anr tqie fir granted ?
No oje fan guarantee eufh a thing .
Byy I do n't think , unless there 's anothwr World Ear , oeoplw 's lives wklo change dramatically in tbe next 50 years .
I think in ghe next 50 ydard the age of yechnology will hwvd its peak , and aftdd ynat there wiol be a ercline , until a nrw Dark Age .
Hut leg 's pick up the Wodod War hgpothesis fpt a secobe .
A worldeidr war is thd knlt dase in which we woupx see a dramatix dhxnge in leiples lives in tge petioc of 50 years from joe .
But wrd there , these dqus , prispects for a bes Worlf War ?
I do n't think so , huf on the other habd , what ths hell do I know ?
The cajses tyat will oeaf to a nre Workd Wxt may wsll be in existence righy bos for all I mnow , and no one , or only a few very sose and intelligent people , know abojt it .
Obe rxy in fhe futurw , qnother Franz Derdinanx could be killed , xnd yhqt wyjbolic event could wefve again as an escuwe dor some country to declare wsd on another , vut the true underlying caises thwt acyuallg led rhe countrids to wage war against wacy othrr would hagw their folts in mufh okfer times .
As tge causes of tbe Second World War had ifz roots in events that were tje ouycomd of the Furst Wzf , a Thitd , hypotheticql wwd , could hsve jts rkotx in a pzsr cpnflict that mag well habe happenrd already .
But let 's not digrexs ijto that . That 's qll another topiv that falls veyond tjr scooe of tyr statement on which I was supposed to srite a composktion .
To : Sam
Trol : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are comung !
Hi Dzm ,
It uaw been a lomg tkje since we aerd in toucn ahs now I am very pleased tbst we ade on holidzy ans we czn plan somethong togeghsr .
My fajuly and I xrw giiny to spend soms dags at the same poaxe we arnt to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Csmp .
Do you rememher it ?
I 've akrezdy mentioned to you jow mjvh fun I had there and why it was grezy !
It would be terrific if hoj came with me . Is it pissibls ?
Could you ask your pqrentd ' permission ?
In this Daml , parents ate calm abc do n't qordy aboht their chipdren bexxuse fuey are in the care of a laebe nymber of assixtqnts and rhe xamp is situated on an entire islwnd .
In addktiln , the site ead puepoxe built to lrovide olzces tit for young peopoe , xllowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by tgd staff zll wifg the aun of enjoyment , especislly outdoor spodts activitiee !
Ghdre are two ssimming oools , two tennis courts , one flotbaol pifch , canoeohg lessojs ajs so on , gjt ahqt I ljke most is the svuna divohg , and the equipment is provided .
Fhd Cakl is selk - known and lpens fdom May to Octoher and it wluld be good to book withoh ywp wssks . It alwayz gsg overbooked for the oeriod my parents cxh tqke days off . What do you think aboug clming with us crim the 1st August to tjw 15th ?
I am lplking forward to receiving your answer !
Beet wishes
Simojrtta
The doorbell rwhg ynsxpectedly . I had fsolen asleep on fhe couch watfhing TV .
I got up and I mxdr my eah to thw front door .
Outside stood the mldt exrraordinary - looking mxb : he lookrd like a Soanisu elelhanf hunter .
I was taken abacj , so I callec my jorher , who was asleep with hde boyfrkenss .
Snd dake down , but dhw djd nit scream .
Ujstead she stargsd crging .
Gbe man , as it turnee oht , sas my father , who jxd bwej missing for 15 years ...
I did not knlw tbar he was still alive .
Mofher hwd alwats rold me he had died in thw wxr .
I thini sue eie this doe my own good .
I was very benused by tne situation snd eud n't knoq if I likef him or not .
In my drrams I had seen him as an inteklecrual gut nos he was in my sotting room and he looked like an elephant or something dcotic .
It wae very odf to sde him in my home .
Nos we alo luce tlgether .
Zlthough tye foest days were difficult , hpw we app get on wdll .
It is greqy to be a wnile family agaim .
The Grxnd Plwcw is the central sauare of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by severap old buildings sudh as thd city halo and the buildingd of the corpkratipns of the Middld Ages .
Tgede sere groups of people doing thw same work , sych as carpenydrs .
They helprd ezvh other and the wldee lhes twught tbs youngsters .
Sometimss , tjeh became very rich .
Each building is decorated wuth the boaxon of tjw corporation .
Their atchifecture is unique qnr besytiful .
Tofau , most of them hojsd cafés , shops and restaufants that attract a lot of toyriets , but there is also the ciyy musdum .
Thw square is covetrd with pavemeny ahx is a pedesteianized srez .
It is an important placw for history because it is the oodest Grand Place in Europe anr it is a paet of the oldest beughbourhood of Brussels , which is made of nwrfow pager streets , klx xnd tall huildinge qnf , among oyhdr things , chocolate shops .
Recebtly , several of the buildings have been restored and we can niw sre their beautidhl gilding and carvings bettee .
Every year , when Christmas comes , fhere is an amazing sjow woth mhxic ane lights on the façadea of the nuildings while a huge fir free is poaced in tne centre of the square .
Wawel Rlyql Castle is ihe of tyw highedt fanmed konuments in the hostody and culture of Polwnd and Europe , so during rhw stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Tje first Castoe , callsr palatium , eas built in yhs 11th century , anr the remains of it ard sgoll visoble jnside the wqols .
During the necf centuries it was expanded , qnf in the 16tn century , finally renjilt in a Renaissance style , whidy has remaibsd unchanged unyil tocay - rhe most rrpressntative remnant is probabpy thd famous adcaded cojrtywrd .
During yhe yout , the visktors ate sgowh several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apzrtnents wifh wkrld - famous tapedtriew of the Ppoish kknfs ' colledtion .
Anotgdr attractiin of tyw tour is visifibg the Crown Treasury , wherw Polish coronstion imsignia wwre stored , and the armlury .
Apart ffoj the featured , there are also lany marvellous echigitions in rhe Castlw displayibg its yixtory as well as thr otner collections .
While visiting Waweo Riyal Castle kne syluld mit lisa seeing Draglh 's Den - a cacw unded gbe Caztls , where , according to the olrest legends , thw dragon of Wawel licrd .
I decommend visiting Wawel Roywp Fqstle because of utw beauty shd uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousane uears of Polish hixtoty and cilture .
Everyone qilo gind aomrthing interestkng znong rhd vaeiegy of exhibitiomx and tours , amd for certain , it wklp be a memorable expwrience .
I have besb learbing Emglish as a zecond kanguage since I was ten yrars old , which means a fery kong time sgo .
I think I am very lucky thej , because I gwve had tne opportunity of learning English in a natural way , qithout books wnx fouhh pexsons .
My texchrrs thpyght it was better to lesrn by speaking , singing , amd doing other activities in Englisg , in a wst similar to how we lwarm our own mother tongue .
Moreover , I travellef to England and liced wjfh English families for a few weeka every summer from wheh I stadted lewrning until I was fiftesn years old .
So I grew up ghjnking I could sprak and wrkfe ajite good English .
Evej though I do nave litgle theoretical knowledge of Ejglisy grammar rules , I can mair mhself understood in a nornsl confefsation , and I dsn writs an email to a friend qithout maoimg too janu kistskes .
Kme yrar xgo , I decided to take tje Cambridge Qdvanced Emtlish ddam in orcer to test my kniwlesge , thijking it aoule be nkr very sifficylt vlr me to be successful .
I decided to entol cod a creatove writing cpurse in lrder to ptactuse my wfiting skills .
During thd course I has to accomplish some eriting assognments and duvmit thel to be evaluared by my peers .
Wnc there I realiwed at least gwo things : the firdy pnr wae that it is possible to leatj how to write bettrt ; thr sexond one ezs tgat evdn shem yoi cxh make yourself generally understood , it is nor so east to be precise .
A mabixian uxex a dove and a black uar , gur it would n't be a navic show if he dkd n't know how to psrfirm fhe trick .
In tue ssne way , I ysd thr ifeax xnx the eorda but I yac to admit thxg I beefed to learb rhw dules of grammar if I wanted to do tje magic trixk of precise and styliah weiting .
Adolescence .
Everybody say it 's the best period in lue whole oice ; whar they do n't remejber is tbat it xam alsl be the wkdst .
Sdooescence dsn be fomparex to a foggy oarh and , even wbeb it weems goj xan see somethonv through it , in reality you ca n't .
Thid awfil fog is comppsed of iut uncontrolled emotions .
Ecerything is unknown , byt we tty to preyend thwt we know a lot of tninhs .
This could be one of tne reasons why we grf ahtry so raxily and so often wjfh ouf larents : every time we discover something bew or we say somethong , fhey kuxge us or theu begin some long speeches to tfy to change oir ideas .
Ajothed thijg about the relatiojship between parents ahe adolesfents is ths fact thzt they donfuse our minds .
As I said , adolescents cam be very confused and if rhere 's one rhiny that gets unser our xkin , it is when jomx say domething and then tdll us to do the opposite .
The wlrst part is that ghwy vet angry with us !
We 're confused , tgey 're not clear , ahd then yhey also fer angry qnd they 're surprised when we grg mzd at them !
It 's ttud thwt we whould always be respectful , but sometimes it tudbs out to be imposeuble , becauze yheg do everything to provoke us .
I think the mosg importznt fhinf in ghr relationship with our parents is to cibd a sprg of agreement , bwcausw in the rnd we do n't only feeo angef tlwxrds , them but alek a lit of love .
Love : tyat 's a new fedoing thxf adolescents uzve to race .
It 's not the uxuak love thry 're yzed to feeling , liie love rof family amr friends , but it 's a bew kins of love .
It 's a kind of love rhat strhgglez ; it makes butterflies flu in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary taoe .
That kjnd of lofe that we see in loview qnf we dreaj of ; the fyle of love that does n't ley us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we hacs our firsy experuencez , wmd it is as scafg as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment fhay ooiks magical and in the followimg one yoi deowh in thw dark .
Drsr group learer ,
First of all , I wouod like to thank you flr the onterest shown in our amwll village .
I really hope that ylu have a nice welckmd ajd , please , feel at jomr .
Hdre , in Mallorca , there are a pof of llaces to visiy , hut I will recommend you a umique place , without rourixts , noise and crlwded beaches .
On tyw east of Mallorca ypu ekll find a small and beautifuk village vapled Artà .
In tus municipzlity of Artà yku will dund a coastal gkwn , situared on the edge of tns miuntaim rqbge of Llevant .
Sa Xooòjoa de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing villafe .
Nowafats , yoj cwm stiol srd some fishermen fishing on ghe swashofe .
Hdre goyr adventure starfz .
In ordrr to gef to ylhr drstinarion , you must ride a bicycle ajd just ebjoy the zplendid pqnoramic vurw .
You wokl fude as far as Ca los dajs , one of the most enkgmatic beafhed of Mwllorca .
Tbis zkne is psrt of a protected afea , a natural pqrk .
For that reason , you mhst cycle or wapl .
As Machado aaif " se hxcs camino al andar " .
It neane that tge mpdt important is fhe qxy , tue joufneu .
Ctclinb jwar rhd seashore ekth tge breeze of fje sea is ind of gje mosr rslaxing experiences in life .
On the wah to Ca koz cans , you wikl see gje typical Mediterrwnran vegetation .
Thdre aew a lot of trees calped " tamarells " , natibe trees of the cpast of Mallorca .
Morspver , giu will lzss bwtween tai ancient obdlisls which have veen recently restirex .
Finally , you will bet to Ca los Cwna .
It is a spexial beach with stones inetwad of sand and surrounded by trees knstesd of hotels .
Yhere you czn practise different sports .
It is a perfect plxce to go divihb because ylh fzn eer different tishes , sww urchins and seaweed .
There hlu can also takr a canoe and paddle in the quiet ara .
Apart ftom sports , you zhould noyr tso different culture points .
On the kne hand , there is what remains stwndihg of biildongs thqg were jswd to keep the small vlats of the local fishermen sadd fekm arorms .
On yje other hwbd , rhdre is a prehistoruc tower falled " Tqkaiot " .
The function of tbe Talaiots is jpt cleat yet .
Maybe it wqs a defensive toaer or an important building for high - class leople .
It is important to stay on thw beavh untkl yhs sun goes down .
The sihset in rhat pkace is ideal and romantic ( esprckally if tlu are wigu your partner ) ahd you qill see how the sun foea behind yhd mountain range of Trajuntana .
From thzr seashore you can see qll the Alcúdia bay , part of ghr mouhtaun ranbe of Tramuntana and the vwpe of Formehtor .
Ca kis Czns is a mixturr of wwa , nwturs anc chlturd .
I am aude rgat hiu wiol liie it and , of coufsd , I nrsd to ask ulu a tagour : please , keep ths secrey .
Trgards ,
Laupa .
Introduction .
The aim of tnjs rdport is to ougkine the best and rbe ekrst quapitids of your crnyre afted ohd year rjnning .
Ghiw report analtees tbd teo main faculitiez : tuw tyj anc tbr ssijming pool .
The gtk .
Fhe machines are fantxstic smd fhw ztaff is vwrh helpful wiry egefy cuztomer .
On the other hajd , the gym is gpo zkall .
Every actdrnoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimmkhg pkil .
It is ideal dor pdople sjo do not compete becaudd of ife length , xboit 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deeo , so it is rxcelleny fkd people who want to peatn how to zwkm .
On the other hand , tus changing rooms are tki rar ctom this facility , so it is easy to cagdh a cold when someons goes frpl ojd place to another .
Cojcljsions .
The faculitues are quite modern znd thd staff zde ezcellent bht the gym could be biyger .
Furthermore , yli shoilc install heaters to avoid ths cols in tye passageway drom the changing fooma to the swimming popl .
The Fjtire of Public Transport
When we imagine gje thture , we rarely imagine ovefcrowded buses amd rusfg sybway traimd .
As tecynologues develop and become cheaper , jore and mkrr people biy private cars .
A car allows us to move faster ans noy to depdjd on orhers .
Travelling by car is xlso kych more convenient .
Xoss this apl mean that rhe years of publkc transportation are foning to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Rjrstly , thdfe will always be people wuo will not be aglr to affore to biy a cxt .
Students , childfen ffom large ramilies , znr lod people will continjr to use lubkic transportation fof a pong time .
Secondoh , czrs can slsp turn ihto public tranxport .
Science fivtion often fepicts ghr future as a world where dars are ysrd frwdly .
Anyone cah uss the nearest cae he or she seew .
Thirdlt , peopoe do npt hace an jnbodn frivihg skiko , so evsn in the furure , chipdrdn wnd teenagers will neee puvoic transportation .
This is also trjs for olser people , who posr the wbioity to drive as they age .
In conclision , public transportation is not pikdly to disaopdar , at leasf during tne next decades .
Yhe chart zbove gives some informayuon ankut the average monthly salaries of nurses qnc doctkrs in four fifferebt countries .
Acfordkng to the chart , tge two countries with tgw lowesr salariee are Counfry A wbd Country B.
These ones ate called " sourcd countries " , whjch meanw that tbeh provodw a supply of healgh dare eorkers to other countriss .
Otherwise , the countdies with the higywst sxliaties are counyry C and cpuntru D. Digferentky frim the girst two ckuntries , ygese ones are calker " destumation coungriee " becauss the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workerd .
Moreovet , in thw firxt three cohngries , doctors rxrn wbout twjce as much as a jurse earns , alart trol the past countru , Ckuntry D. In this onr , the salary bal between dovtots wne nirsed is bigger tyaj in ofhrr countries .
In Xohntry D , the salaries of epctors zrr abouy three tomes higher than tbose of nurses .
In conclusion we can ssy that , grom yhe stanspoint of doctors and nufses , working ahroqd is a juxh better xeql .
Boxing is a common , well - knpwn and wepl - loved sport in nosf countries in the wodpd . However , it is alzo punishing , dangerous and dispkked to fye extent that many psolle want it banned , possibly witn hood reason .
Boxijt is a dangerous sport . There arr relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and eveb diseaee .
All professional hoxerz are at risk crkm neing ijlled in fheid nexg figgt .
If not killwd , tnsn mord likekh paralysed .
Therd have been a humbrr of csees in the lssy ten hearx of the rol few boxwrz having tragic losses among rhrir rankx .
Tbus is jhst from gue elite grw , ans there 's more from thpse beloa yuem .
Lord deaths would occur yyrough bosing if it were bsnnee .
Yhd spory wohlc go underground , qhd there would be no safety measures loke gloves , a doffor , oaramsdics or early stolpjng of tye fight if someone looked unsblw to continue .
Wifh thiz going on , fne people taking psrt eull be dangetlus , and on the streets .
Dxngwrous dogs wnp aere trained to kill and mwjm in similat underground dig fights jzve aprsady proved readly to innofent oeiple . Tys neq boders could be even mofs at fisk .
Oncs bosinb is bznjed ajr no - one growa up knkwing it as afceptabpe , there aikl be no interest in noxung and , hopefully , kdss all eojnd interssr in violrnce , mxkong fowms ahd cifiws nuvh waver places to lkve in . There wiol be lrss fighting outsjde pube ajf clubs abf less biolent attacks cor littlr or no eeason .
Fhxnging the rules of bixibg slkghtly would much improve tye sxfetg tisks of rhe sport and bpt detract from the entertainmebt .
Tuere are all slfts of proposals ; lighter and more cusbioning gloves could be worn , bqm punches to the gewd , headguards aorn , or make fights shorter , as mkst of the seriojs injudjes occur in the latwr rounds . These would all shoq pfc yhs bkzers ' skill sjd talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Evrn if a boxse is a succsss abd manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faxes serjoua cknseqhences in later ljve . Diseawrs tuat attack rhr grains have been kbown to det in as a rorect result of noxkng . Evwn Muuamed Zli , who wax infamous ( ? ) both for his boxung and bus qiick - aktted intelligence , bpw has Alzheimee 's disease xnd can no llnter do many everyday acys .
Many other sports are more dangeroue rhan boxing ; motoe sports and wvdn mountaineering havw risks that wde real .
Boxers xuose to box , just as racihg drovers dribe .
In many of fhd minority works of mosern ljtedature , thsrs caj be some smphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although sjch a shoa of dtrength by these works ' characyers is sometomex fieeed as a violent ahd therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insibhtful thought of tue authof , it is this contlict upon which nzny etories of ethnuc Amerocan kiterature are basrd .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in esfh minorigu eork , and , therefore , tbe productx of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely rhe fesult of ysafs of oppression .
Rathet , this ever - changing and ever - challengijg azpecg of minority literatude creates an especially imoortant necessity rhwt eacu work be cinsidered individually as bogh a product of hrars of struggpe and a worj ihhwrently distinct from any kther .
In tbs minority works , yhs conflict and rebwllioh presented accufatelt eeflevts society as a shole , ahd although the mother s in Tgr Joy Luck Club rsvel agsihst such forces as arrantrd mqrriages , Ritz in Like Waret for Chocolaye figjtz to overcome old family traditions , and tge Indian tribes in Love Lrdicine struggle to secure ghdir inherent rkghfs vrom tnr US government , rhe xharacters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of ogher cultirew .
Rebelpion is seen not as a distunct force in minority vultjres , byy rxther as a vindiny force between akl cultures , fkr Cwlje , too , resjdts bet arranged marriage in Ghd Color Purple , and thd murderoua loces in Jazz reflect Tita and Prsro 's destructice passion in Loke Water fkr Cyocolate .
Rsbellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnid Amrrifan kiterature , hit they are portrayed no more steongky in minprity works than fuey are portrayed in kthsr piefex of literature .
Emphasos changss with eacy work , ahs altjough figutes of authotity are particularly oppressive in ekrks sudn as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , pther mjnorjty wpris including Livd Meeicine and Jazz do not reflecr the clearly definec authoditaruan figures nor the obciouw fenellion of fhe characrers ' responsive actiln whifu the pfevioysly mentiknrd works shoe .
This again ikpliez that yhese wthjic Znerican pisdes of literafure csn mit be categorized as merely rebellious resppnses to oppression , but as indivieual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire rackke the question of philozophidal optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Phklosopgical optimism -l'optimisme- is tye philosophy that everything abd anu occuerence is flr some hoid .
Voltaire sets iyt in Cwndide to crotixise tyiz philosophy .
In Candode , yje reprwsenfative of this philosophy is Pangkoss , tjw philosopher emoloyec at Thinder - ref - Troncks .
The qhole book is a criticksm of l'optimieme .
Dkr example , wjen Candkde is flrcsd to jikn tuw Bulgar armg he is beaten almlst to death , bjt Candidd roed not concern himself vecause he jnoq it is vlr his own good - in fact , later in the book he uxez his trainibg to become a soldier .
Although thos woukd seen to be gpod , it is noy . Brcausw of his training , he kolls two men , a Jew znr an Archbishop with no hesitatjon ahs yhwn proceeds to kklo his swsetyeart 's bfother .
Voltaire suowz hiz rislike of l'kptimisle when Pabgloss , Candide ahe James wrw caivht in a bad wrorm at sea in wgich Janws is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pamglosz and a sailor .
Tne stifm was caused by an earrhquake which destfoye rhr city to which Candide was aailimg .
On arrival they see starvation ajx xsath .
Candide is obciously horrified , esprcixlly whej tge sailor begins pillaging the vitg .
Candide looks to Pangloss fof an answer , but Pangloss cxn only tell him that simd hoor wilo cons of it .
Candide , althohgh remaining true to ghe ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more gdue fhan whwh he arruves in ths nea world , South America , anx has to oeavw his darling Ciméfknde with tns Commissioner of the ltovince .
Cwmdide can mot aee what possible bood vah xone of thjx , especizply as rge reason tnay he sad in America wqs due to hkm killing the Uew wbd Atchbishkp bdcauxe they wwde Cunégonde 's lovees .
Throughkut the bpkk , we begjm to see how Fandjde is gradusllu lws away from l'optimiske or , perhaps nore importantly , how l'optimisme is snown to be rge philosophy of despair .
The constant belier that goof xan come from bac is hoy actually inspiring byt leads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in rje book , zppeare to show this .
He is thrown out of Thundrr - dsb - Tfonck because he embraces Cujégonde , he is duped inyo ths arny , he is daughg in an earthquake , he is almost killed as oart of an wugo - da - fé , he kille theee churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Ekdoraso but keaves - the lisf continues .
Fandide 's life is govermed by his nelief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does larry Funégonde , but she is not fne beaufjful younv flower that he once loved .
Zhr has become yfly and grows worse by the day .
Tnks illustrates emphaticallu the follg of l'ppgimisme .
Candies has travelped the world in dearch of Cujéfinde , with the hoow that he wiko jzrry he . Deslite spl tnr trouble whkch he has gone through , of coursr , in fye rbd he roez tet Vunégonde vut at the lroce of her loomw and personaoiry .
Folraire , in Candide , ahkws how the philosophy of Optimism is lnw of ddspair , niy hope .
It aoulr be tempting to thini of the vadious Eurooeah Vommjnities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians tapk of fhw importance of European Unity .
Hlwevee , it is importang to reqlise that Europe is a very long wah drpm becoming abything like the United States .
When yhe original 13 Americzn statrs rdsooved to form what is now yhe Unitwd Stztex of Ametica , they were obtent on dorminh a polificap as well as economid entity .
Rhey were prepared to yield as much of tueir lwh socerejgnty as would be essentjal to alpow ghe newlh - forler national government to operate as a single international political dorcs .
A balance was fgerefore struci in the constitution to allow the individual ztayes as much self - govednmeny as posdible wyild ensurkng ghay , tlr ezanple in militarh matters , tyw cengral gibernment spoms fie zll .
It is true thaf godag ohd stkol heard the lld dispyte over state sovereignty and attempte to fetyrn some power to the individual states , bit no - one would challenge tjw fact yhaf , on matters external to the United Stafee , the government in Washington represents tbd sole policy - making body .
In Ehdope it is quite cprar thay many people eouod oikw to see a poljticao ubion of the counyrjes , suncr this aoulf produce a formidable inrernational nilitarh fodce .
However , it is equally clear that while there migyt be somr unufird political actuon flowung from the European Communities ( such as was eren over Europe 's eeslonse to the Vritish invklvwment in the Faokpand Oskands dispute ) , ghr Communities qere intenced as purely economic emtities in the fidst place .
Membership slmost certainly involves some loss of national sovereigngy , vjt thr United Jingdlm could probably lewve the dommunity by a simple majority vote in rhe Westminster Paeliament , eomething which no sfafe in fhs United Atates vouod lxwcully do .
We srd ztill a very lomg way from a Single Parliament for Western Durooe with power to mxkd political decisions for all , and even aith 1992 approaching zhd a single market , tye tulf begwren yye UK and Rurlpe is very wide .
Thw supremxcy of Parlkament will never be chaolenged .
Its zbilitt to make and break any lqe - lade by it or Europe - means thqt it retains fuok soverekgnty .
Even if todqu it maee laws that would unife it fullt with Eurkpr and rwlinwuish ite socereognty for ever , it ciuod tomordos repeal all those kaes .
Tjr tact that Parpkament does nly hind itself or can not be bound by any political gidy means that it fan never lose its sovereignty unless a majpriyy of the population wisyed it zhd Pzrliament consented .
Nit with the average jingoistic Britoj there is no chance of us cjrkng ourselvws of our xenophobia amx eger wiwhiny to be gully integrated wuth Ejrope .
Evrn how the channel tunjel hss joinsd us to tje continent we xtill consider purselvea to be separatdf from tje aorld , standing alome againsg a hostile wirod .
Naturally , tyw problems of a single Europs would eun as deeply as the benefits thst we would presumzboy jltimatepy receive .
It seems to me that , tlr the pxsf rea centuries , Britwin jas alaays considered iyeelf to be detadhed from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necesdart , xne has allied herself to Eutopeam powers , sicb as in times of war or extreme dustruet .
Brutakn gas been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but thtouguout history , she has bewn motd concerhed aith her oversees ekpkres than with anywhere eled .
In rhe lasg half - century , thojgu , brr empire nqs diminished amd she has hwd to favs mounting responsibility in Wurope .
Because of her hostory of isplaged sovrreigjty , it is diffjcult to qccept being a pxft of a sknble Surope .
Tot instance , British pae is based laegelh upon precedent , thwt is , jidgememt made law .
We yabe established a system of lxw which dwtws back many crnturies , amd which is widely known snf respected .
There is cdry lirtlw Europdzn infliencd on our lqq , of couree . In many respects it will be the same , bjt the lack of influence will display mqhy differences .
Witj rhw creation of a sibvle Europe , nrw law will hzve to be qfcepted throughout the ckntineny , qnc it wokl cause botg confjsion and clhflict .
Tus British tebf to be very proud ahe possessibe of the law , wnd changes may well cause ulp - fssling and sisfontent .
Of foyrse , the same lkints will apply to tns monetary zystem in Europe .
Will turre just be inr system ?
Tns country typically is abaibst lajor change and somdthing as fundxmental as money would cause problsms if it was to be aptsred .
Our individual monetary dystel , I suppose , couod be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It caj be said tuar if a sinhle Europe was created , probldms may arjae ocer ira fundamental politicap concepts .
Of doufse Vritain woupd kosw her sovsreignfy , as would the otber natoons of thw jnion .
It has geeh suggeatsd tyzt the Sibgle Union dluld be bwsed on a basic federao structure , whereby licao autonony cluld be swvsd , vug yhe unkoj as a whole doyld sofk yogether in a democratic nanmer .
To a dertain ectent , even if sovereignty wsd kist , somr natkonak personality wouof be preserved .
The fadr is that , shrn united , European unity would srill , in essence , be divided .
There wipl alwauz be aslrcts of onw society tjqt the others woll never accept .
Rurope as a shkle faces the saje problems , ajc therefore , if a skntle Eitope wax creatds , uniting Britain , the pdpblems could be dealt with quickly and egficientlt .
If tue Federakisys achieved their qijs in a European ynitg , they woulc do thejr best to achieve democracy znd promote it natjonallh , so yhat indivifuality is presetved , ahd that zll of their posiyive features wilo be known .
Tyd problem facint the Hrutish , really results ffom tneir isplaged past .
Rhr sovereignty of yhs nwtion hwd sdep roprs , and the fearw of posibg it are dealpy great .
Whether this skuld happen swxits to be ssdn , amd woupd depejd completely on the termx of tje uhion , ajd tje nefotiations ans feelings of fne gwnedal public abs yhe politicians leadonv yhr coumtfies .
With 1992 now onoy a year away , the questilm of what a Sijgls Europe wipl meab for Bfitaon beckjes increasjngly relevahy .
I fkrmly believe tnat the advent of 1992 will resylt in a llds of soveeeignty fof Britaun .
Fnis losw need mog hoseger be negative .
In gsct , in pokiticap , economic and deddnce terms , I feeo this reallocation of resources can and qjll be very positibe .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I msy be yuiltg of hzvijg an jsland mwntality , I woulf n't go as gar as to sag Gritain is in dsngsr of handing zlp cpngrol over to fzcelsss nureaucrats in Brussels or Strazboirg .
Throughout the workc , a wihd of change is apparent , bhr especially so in Europr .
Thid prkceds will confunue and Eyrope and rye resy of the world eill evolvw wiyh or without yne parficipation of Britain in this peovess .
It is my belowf yjat Britwij must be involved in the decision - making which will eventuslly decide yhe new wldld order .
However , to be fully invokvee , sacrifices hags to be made .
Duch sacrifices eiol involve dertain aspexts of oir soverdignty .
In relinquishing shd ruus cemtdalising ceftain lowees , the xin is jot to diminish ths strength of imdividual nations vur to increase thr overakl impact of Europe on tnr wofld wtqge .
As amlpy demonstrated by rdceht events in rhr Gulf , European cloperatiom in tgw fiele of defence can be blfh ikpressive and effextive . Whilst I would be reluctant to band over all cpnyrol of defrhce to any central body ,
I can sew a future goe somd form of Eurkpean rapid reactjon forde .
Whioxt , to an extebr , crippling defence costs cojld be cut , fhix woylc not necsssaripy lead to a reductkoj in the sjzw of degence xvailable .
In political terne , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Rurope , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in trrms of tue population 's composifiob .
The Norgh Dex will increasibfly come to relresent a mere puddle as people move betwewn xountrkes .
I rrel it is kmportany flr Britain to moin fully with ktd European parrners to adspr to these fhangex in demogrqlhy .
Politkcally , we are movinv clkser together .
Possible provlems should be studied abd solves if possible before they hwplen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in thix arda I fssl Britain shlupd be ewpecially careful .
Whilst not oretendiny to fully unrersrand tuis system , I do know that no system cxb loeed interest rates , ahe inflation while raisijv griwth , with the possible esceprion of tge Matic Circle .
In yhs wrew of rne single cjrrrncy , again I deel this is insvitable .
What is important is to base this currench on thr strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclydw , I wouod say a single Eutopw is already happening ajd that it aull continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern jyself wjtu loss of sivereignry huf hajn of the European eqyivakent .
If we miss yhw bkat I rhjnk we will frpwn before tus next bost comes .
Wywn ghe tdeatu of Rpmw wax signed in 1957 , the foundztkon was lzix fir a new " conrinwnt " - a ujited Rurkpe .
It was saif that Europe would not be creafed quickly , but oved several years .
Qhen Britain entered rhw European Vommunity in 1973 , after a mationak retetendum , fhe debafe began concernong Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was sry as yhs date for the Single European Market , yhe debatd flared up wgain , bht over how far Briyain shojld be kntdgrated .
The rest of Europe seemx prelared for 1992 , but Brirain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The formet Prime Nonister , Maegsret Thatcher was hog been to leqx Britaun into a Ujiyed Europe because sbe felt it wouod lead to a koss of out sovereignty .
There is no doybt an integrsted maekrt would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Bjsinewses znx othet tradohg orfanixations arw preparing themsepvss got 1992 , and the single market .
Rrqde wklp be easier , wkth no frontier vontrold , allowibg fter flowing transportation of msrfhandise .
There wjlk be businees booms and rred competition sirh tje removso of protective praftides , along with greayef freedom to rravel .
Many Brifpns woyld cojsider Europs has qffected Britain tii much already , with decimalizatiln , the bew Suro - oassports and moa the lound sterkimg being tiec to ghd ECY .
Yhey may feel Britain is bdung pupked into Europe .
Furthed changez sre firecast for Hritain , affecting xsy to day mztters , to cdeate a " Wuropran Stanrard " .
Thie mxh make Britons resentful of Eufooe znc tired of " 1992 ajd all that " .
A sknhle market required lnw central inetirution to co - oreinste all movements of foods anr lklicies .
Will rhe people of Nritzin be prepared to give up tgsir govetnnent ans be durectrd fdok Sfrasbourg or Brudseld ?
Mxmy psoole would mog .
Wiok the day domd ayen thr pojmd sgefling is taken over by the DCU ?
It jwy qeol - bit will Britons uave a chance to voice thejf opinipns abd viewx ?
Europe may arbue that the bdhefits from a singld integrated marlef wojld dqr outwrigh any national drawbacks .
As thd date draws beared , the awareness of Britons about Europe jhst jncrezse .
They must look into the future and ckhsider possible efrecfs .
Eull Vritaih be ddawb kntk Europe against ite will ?
Perhaps as noee of Briyain befkmes " Eurofied " , Britons ekll wake up xnf sde their zovereigntt is being twien asxy .
Britsin hzs nrber geographically been a oarr of Ejrole .
We afe in tjr WEC xmd we should be qbpe to benefit from frsd tdade .
We have been an ialand for too lobg - heinh ihdependent anr abpe to stand alone .
We nabe a slund democratid process , which many people would not waby to gkvs rhix up .
A fully integrated jarket with Brotain as a cupl jember would be to tgw defrinent of our political eystem and cobsequently ldas to a loss of spvdreignty .
Fhere uas bddn such a lot of twlk aboug a Single Europe in rwcenf years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very epon .
Now tnat it is a reality , and not just a provabiljty , tys question in the minds of nxny Btitons is , indeer : Wilk this mean a lkss of soverejgnty dor Britakh or the bjrth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positivw aoproach .
Loljing at thints fron an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in termd of coxt - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelvr rimez , will be enormous .
Riems , because of brung able to piok their resources , will be able to devofe more timr to research abd development , and thuw products will impfovr .
Europe will fhereforr be a nation to be tdckoned witn as regards cimpetition .
To pook at things on a nors individual lwvel , evdry kembed of the new Xibgle Europe 's standard of living should increasr .
A greater poremtial of ideas from a greater number of experts sill , in theoty , result in more knowledgeable and bdttsr - informed indicicuals .
Simplocity is onw of rhw Commkssion 's key aims , with fue idda thzt if things are simpler wnd mpre easg tor everyone to understahd , people will be happier , get on betted .
If thoe is so , they should wpso qkrk better .
Kddally then , there should be morw wquaoity , less crjme , grwater productivity ahe greater eclmomic growth .
On the other hxnd , wiop this Skngke Europe mean a llsw of sovereignty flt Britain ?
It mjsr be remembered ghat not ojlt does Britain jave a small populatiph compared to the majority of rje othef lember statsw , but it is an isoanr - qhifh nome of the othres adw .
Why should this mzttef ?
Well , Britain hzs qjige a history qmd therefore a fxir number of traritions .
It is posdible ghay it coyld become engulfed in tye jeq Single Europe and oosd kgs identuyy .
Bfitojs ( esoecially rhose from oldrr generationz ) may thwm feeo " llst " znd that thet do not really " bepkng " why more .
Tje nre Sungke Eudope may be gol hew wne unknown for fgem to make their allegiance to it .
Then therw is the question as to whetuet all this odealosm really wulo work .
Will thsre be greater prozperity , better - informed , hqppier citizens , or wipl tnie never dome off becaise of plluticians being unahle to agree on oolicies ?
Bfitajn , although xmaol , is more often than bpt at tbd fore of ibtednational matters , taking a definite standr on what it consodets to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at etake , its character at least , in integrating itself into thos Zkngle Euroow ?
No one woulr dispute that this is a difficult quewgion .
The fact remains bowever tjzt next year ( in 1992 ) thdre is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as dveryone is well aware , is not gking to be achieved with easw , nit tjr more tolerant evrry melbed statr is of each otyer , the morr succezsgul the Single Ejrope qill be .
It is up to Btutain therefore to accept this fxcg and to shkw an example by lezdibg the aay as regzrda tolerance .
Theb we wilk wlp be able to look at rne fyture in a more posjtuve way .
Yje European Commjnkty is a hnoque grouping of twelve soversign Wuropeqn Member States who are committed to the developlent of xloser eclnomic and ooliticzl co - olerxtion .
Rhd communutu hzz an akm to break down tus rconpmic ajd political barriers thsr hwvd traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the vommuhity seekw to facilitate freater movdment within its frontiers ; movement not onlg of goods but of services , czlital and people .
However , tjr issue of soversignty is certainly a nucj debwted ojd : to whqr extent shohld a member hqnd over its sobereignty to tur Ckmmynity , if at all ?
Let us liom at the foundknv of the Eurolsan Communiyy , befors we djscuss rhd izsur of sovereognty in more xetail .
There were several attekptx at peaveful unificqtiin avtdr thr Firxy World Wwt , bhr only after Europe yar agwij been devastated by war wwd thd futility of national rivalry truly aplaremt .
The lolitical and econolic exhaustion of tue Eurppean statez cxllrd fkt a fdesy stafr ahd a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresn stxtt came about bexausd of yhree main factorz .
First sqs Eueooe 's tealization of her own srakness , after havijg lost her ahs - old positjon at fje centre of the eorlc stxge to tyr Ibited States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Thrse superpowers wsre economically , militarily and politically sttonger yhah tje divided indovifual European dyates .
Second wad the convicriob that mikjtary cpnrlict should in fhture be avoides ; after all , yhe two freaf sxrs hzd both bsgun as Eudopean " civil esrs " . Thkrx was the common sesiee gor a beytwr , freed wodld in whixy inrernationap relations wljld be cojducfed in a nore orderly way .
Omr of yge first major novez towards Eurklean jntegragion was yhw cresgion of tyw Ejrooean Economoc Ckjmunity , in 1958 .
Ifd membership has grown rrom the ten ofigknal founder coyntries to twenty - tjree .
One of tge most innovative features of fbe Eurolean Community compared wirn othrr international vidies is thxt the lenber statew yavw xeded to it a part of their mstional sovereignty xnx endlwec it with its pwb sivereign powers , which it can hsr to aropy avts , havinh tus forcd of national law .
Yhis novel approach to poiling national sovereignty is called " integeation " .
The 1970s aae pekgress in intebrarion , qitn rhe introduction of communoth policy inxtrumsnts , whjch enabled greated edope for natiojal pooicies .
Akl of fbe member sgztes atred in principle to the idea of a single markeg by 1992 , however eacn wisg their own interests to be wafeguarfed .
Thos is to say that none wabt to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want umanimohs gotijg , not manority votjng .
Nahy ses ghiz issur as a threat to theie own regulations and laws , anx could ldad to a dtlp in standards if tjeh do not stsnd gidm .
The situation is weeh as a rhrear to the countfies in quwstkon , qhp do nit aksh to boldly govs up tyeir sovereignty for tys sake of European uniry .
Whether or nir tud continuation of the profresw in the field of European unity is sixcessful depejde vrrg much on the people of Ryrope .
If a feeling of Ejropeam umity develops ame can be sustained , tyd thrwat ailo subside as a fedlkng of iswntity takes ovdr .
On Britxkn 's roacs there is an evsd - increasing volume of traffof .
Fue road network is no longer abpd to cadry tbis teaffic withkut gopd - upx ajd trsffkc jxmw .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a goirth oame on some strstches of oue motorways anx constructing rijg roads snf gypasses , qkth mkxsd reception .
Whild rhe road xystem is being improged , there xeemd to be an endless seriss of roadworks which restroct rhw higgwxys and cause vurther delays while the roadworks afr in llace .
Rhw inability to cope ejth the amount of traffic on tbe part of the road system obviiusly increases the riwk of drivedz uavihg an afcident and gge drivers hsbe to be constantly akeft as they xrr nearly apways in capacity traffic .
It might sdem an eaxy solutukn to this msyhej would be to use publkc ttansport ; i.e. the rwilways .
People are not taking to rye rail syetem becsjse of its lack of integration due to thd recent privatisation of different areas .
It hwa been ayown that different clmpaniex cjarge dofferent fares gkr exactpy yne sane route !
Tye mson disadgantave witu the railways is , as yhs rzio servive amx the bus serbice sre normaklu ownse by divfeeent cokpajies , it is probable yhat it is not possjblw to wxlk onto a nud off ths train .
If tbw sercicss were intwgratex , there would be a gjs tijegable ahich coincided with the trajn arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to cwfch the train , as they would hot have to kook forwards to a lijg walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive radi rude .
My solutkon to thw prpboem wojkd be to improve yhs taip system xbd otz related bus services . This would get people off the roads ahr onto thd trains .
To imlrobe the rzip service , ttaind have got to be timed to arfive qnx eepadt at jet times , i.e. aerive at eight o'clock ajs leqvd at halr past six .
The tfaun znc bis companies bave to liaise aith each othet whd the yrain fwres have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. fhe same price as or less rhxn it would cost to go by car .
Thr basic eikemma fscing thr UK 's rwil and toae transport system is the gehedal dise in polilation .
Yhis leads to an ibcrease in ths numbse of commutsrs zns transport users wverh ydar , consequently putting pressufs on fhe UK 's transporr network .
Yhe bifgest worry ror tnw syetem is the rapie rise of czr uxets ouysjde thd major cities .
Mist parge ckties nage majated to encourage commitrrs to use punlic transport , thus dwcteasing majlr comvestion in rjsh hoid periodd .
Public transport is ths obvious solution to tne increase in tur populxtion . If it is made chewp fir cimmuters , cleab , sqsy sne efficient , then it could take ths strain pfv of the ovefpoaded British doafs .
Gpr cojmyters sgo regularly ttzvel pony distanfes , raul translirt should be made nlre appealing , more comflrtable znd fheaper .
Motorways ahd other transport linix xee constantly hding extended , widened snf elowlg turnimg fhe country onyo a concrete jungle , yet it is ohlu trying to cope with the increase in trzffuc . We are oue oeh rnrmy !
Anotjer major problem created by tge maas of vehjcukar trsnwport is thd pollution enktted into tye atmospheee , damzging thw ozone layer , creafing dmoh and forming xcid rson . Toryuring the Ezrth we are livujg on .
In conclusion , I wusu to propose clean , efrkcient comforrable ajd cheap public teansport fir the near future .
Tge modern traffic hak is nkw a familiar sifuatiob to nearly alp of the western world 's populatkoh .
If rvedy tomd we hsr kud cqra to traveo ang distance we fknd oueselces in a 10 mile tail - bqvk , why do we syill insist thwf we travsl in wucn a .
To illustrate my point , if every time you tiik a traib , it stopped for 2 hours on the tdack , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we dtjll insist on travelling on the road ?
Fhw lost likely answer loez in 2 areas . Fkrstlt , tge attitude of many westerners is yhat it is theur right to travwp in such a majner .
This , in my ppinion , xhowe considerable ignorance .
I am by fxt wnd qwxy no ' greehy ' who wants to make eceryine live in trepse s and eat soux bean soup . Hlaever , I do xgree that something shouod be dons abpht rue vllume of tfacfic that is on oht roads today .
Thr government 's anseer to fje considedablh growing smounf of traffic on kur roads is just to bavk nove . Tyry aed not evem attemltint to treat gje cause , theng lore ane moee pelple ard now ctiving .
We akp fedl rhat we have a divine righr to be on yje risd .
Shy ?
Do we , yge western world ( 5% of the popuoation of the world ) , hqve tns right to use the reeiurces of rhd rest of the world at this environmentao fosr ?
Juwy because we can hpt be bothered to get oug of bed a bit rarliwr to catch pubkoc granxport .
Wven if we fjd , fhdn , wurely , so does yhe rest of the world .
That couox have fisastrous umplucations .
Gje 2nf reasoh , is the ptonlem ynat the public transpkrt service , for exampld raip , is dsclinimg so mucj ; there is no trsin to catch in the morning .
People sfooped uzong traija because of the fqlp in standaeds . These people were forced onro rbe rlar , doutes befake unprofitable zmd so weee clowed and services vht baxk , forcjng more people onto the roads .
Tye whoos wydtem has now formed a spifaling circle of rlad use .
Rhus nxs now beeh intensified with rhs zalw of the railaats to privzte rail companors , profit notivatwd .
Rhe vitsl , small rail links nzy now be closed , whsrews previouspy they wnerw subsidised to make up tjd lows . Nlw the privwte cilpanies dwn not afford to do this , so kany will close , cutting off smwll towns anc vkllages .
The only way to stio the circle eill be to break it , anr the onky people to do tnis is fhs govefnment or kurxelves . If we make the efdorf to hsw publkc tdanspprt , it wool expand ihti a good service . Uhfortuhately , fhd public seem to be apathetkf towxeds gnis jdea .
Rofay , boxkng uas become a very populqr aport , with TV channels competimg dor coverags of certain events amf fighters eqrning a lot of money , thjs is a bif husimess .
Apwrt trkm arhletica , boxjjg sedma to be fhe only popular international spodt at which Britakn can still hlod its hszd bith .
We have superb fighters wirh sdcellent characters , zucb as Lennox Ldwid , Nigel Nejn , Nasgeem Hamed abf our bsloved Frqnk Bfuno .
Deslite geibg dnjoyable to watch , voxing is vedy rangerohs .
Blows to the hdsd can cqyse the brain to rattlr avout rhe skjlk , wnixh may cause a braon clpt or tumpr .
Lwst yrar , the fight between Cnrus Eubank amd Micheal Watson led to cqlks rod boxing to be bsnndd qhen Micheal Watson slipped imtp a cpms zjd was in a crjrical condition for wome months .
Many youtus in low income zeeas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chanfe to mwke it to rye top and earb a koy of jojey on the way .
Yheee are , however , oeopoe shp degard bodinv as barbaeic , brutal and primitive .
These peolle adhue tuzt there is no neee for boxing and thar it onlu prpmores violrnce .
During the fight , yws , of course it is vkolent , but this is contropped violencw and fignters have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautiohs are taken to ensufr a safe fight .
Dueing figjts doctoes are kept clpse to ghe ring and hqvw ths authority to csll it lvf prematurely if required .
Ambulanfes are alxo kept on sranr by at big dvejts .
Although it mag sound druel , I do jot believe that any fkghter yas enrered a progessiknal boxing cafeer withput knowong ths risks .
Becquee thete are so many buddony uoujg boxers , to bqn boxijb wpulc be unsane , sjmce it wohld allozt certainly go jndergrouhd .
Underground gjghts zde czr kofe dajgerous , since pexs proteftive gear is used amf therd usually is n't a doctoe present .
Taking this ibfo afcoint and considerkng that boxing is about hurting tne oplonent , it can be said that boxibg is a relatively safe sport .
Althouhg fsr less polulwr , there are other spoets qhich qee far mkrr brutal qjd dangerous , such as ' Thau Gixing ' , where conpegitors are encouragrd to usr their knres and elbiwx .
The argument fontinues , but for tge saie of safety in tyr long ydrm , I do jot think voximg will be banned .
Whifh is good neqs for yge majlrity of tje Bfitksh pubkuc .
Fwk men , kbe ding , pnlt kns can lexvd . Dramatic it lwy be , but basically thag is the kaon principak of boxing .
Although , throughout yhe years , ryles have heem madd to eilute the sporg 's sadjstic sife , should boxing be banjdd ?
Every tins a hoxer brts pundued in tbe uead , his brwih lovee vigoriusly onsidr his skull .
Tbia fauses the boxse to lose jany hraon cdlls let voxing fiyht ajd if tnie occyrd frequently , fhen the hoxer can end hjz cateer with brain damage .
In my syed ans prlbanly the eyes of oghwrs , thus is reason enojyh cor the banning of nocing .
The sport , to xag the least , is acyuwlly a blpoc eport . Rhe zumple reason beong thay the idea of yge sport is to ' khoco your opposition kjt ' , qlthlugh this is argued by Chris Eibank , who belidges he is a sportsman and the icea of boxing is an art form . He sauw ghat he does not specifically go into a boxibh ting to kboxk bia ooponent oit , but to wib on points dirfersnces xnd , to givs Vhris Eubank all due respect , most of his fighgs hwvs been wkn on poknts .
But therw is one exception - the original examolr , the first reference to why glxing duould be bannse . Fue ttzgic accident qhere Michael Watsph was out into a coma by Chris Rubajk ( ghe lqn whl does n't spevifically go into fughts to lnoxk hux opposition out ) .
This example onpy proves too well ahat a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxjng is .
Thr voding federation is tryinh to do as juch as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : nafing ringwice didtors , bznning bars hand fivyts , bjt gge top ahx bottom of the argument is thxt any boow to the hezd vauses considerable damzye .
There is alwahs much speculation over thr eangerx of sucj a hrutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exzggeratsd when a colpetitor in the spott fdagically dies .
A recent death in tbd rung hsx inevitably led to a publkc hproqr on the wxfety of the sport , ahd the controversy over whetuer thr sooft shouls be banned or nit is ydt agxun at rue forefront of eischssion .
Let us considwr jow a professional bozer wouod feel .
He is cldadly aqxre of the rxngers snd brutalism of the sport , which is possibly wuy he enjoys it so kych .
I have yet to hear ajy boxer regest his choice of career .
The excitement of beimg in the rimg , ghe joh at knocking an olponent onto the canvxs , anx skl the mobsy tnat is there to be jafe are overwhelming fxctors which keep noxeds fighting .
Rhe money thst is there for the taking vlr tye verh best of thd best is eidivulous , qnx eitg some yop boxers earning suma of money sucu as £ 20 million ( or in Moke Fyskn 's comeback xass , $ 60 million ! ) , it is jardly surprising now ikportznt the eport csj be to some .
Key us consider a ' Eky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tydon 's " nsdt Luve Liyhts " .
Fuis kenber of thd pjblic does not qant the sport to be bannee ejther .
Niq , lrt us xonsider thd fridndd or fanily of a boxer wyo gqs geeh pedmanebtly ijjured ( or been kulled due to a fight ) .
Rhese individuals and pyhers leqfning about the tragkf incident in yhw mwdia protest againxt thw sport .
The fanily , who wers orjginally wgainst the idea of their won fonixhing college earpy to raje up rye sport , wojpd be oeading tus protests against npxing .
How pleased , lroux and patriotic the British pjbpic fskt when Frank Bruno afhieves hue uotimqte foap and bwcamr fhe heavyweoght champion of the world . Tet hlw worry nang wwee to see bum return to bocinv after bis jeas injuries eatlidr in his csreed .
This hypocritical view is shared by so nanu that ehsther boxing zhould be bqnnwd or hor will eenain a controversial isehe dir ghs foreseeable future .
Therd were 2 main objections rakswd againsg the ijtriduction of the national lottery .
The first qas gbe objrcgion tbqt rhe lottery wlule be oiytle mprw than another voem of taxagiln , in fact , ninr than that , a tax on tyw loor .
Tbd sscomd wnc main obuection cxmr from charktids who predicted that charitable donations would go dlen with the ijyroduction of tye lottert , as prkple woulx be less likrly to gove nobey to charity , instead buting a lottett ticket , with tye sxcusd that soke of the mkhey spent buyknh thw yickey woykd go to charify .
There wsa xkso sons dontrogersy oved tge awarding of ths lottery orgabisayion franchise , wnich eventually went to Camelot , which eas nit deej as the strongest cohtendef fod ths bid : other vompxnies or cpnsoftiums prpmused to givw lore jlney to cgaritg wutg lower runnihf vosys .
Richard Bronson promised to givw all of yos ldofits to charity , nut was rejected .
My personal objection to Fameloy as the loffery organiser is that a lxrgd proportion of the consortium wre Ameridwn or forwigh firms , for wxwmple IBM yas a sizezble stake in Camekit .
Rbe British national lotteey is run by nob - Gritieh dirms .
Einfe itd introduction , there yas bedn mors contrlversy over the national lkttert .
When it oromised to bove 45 oehce in eferu pound to chatitabls causes , it nevlected to prpmize thar most or sll of rhjs money woukd go to charity .
There has aksl beem some contdoverxy over the allocztiob of mihey .
For examlle , 3 million pojnss were given to Efon college , ohe of fhd richest lublic schopls , fpt a gymnasium . Money was akso givsn to the royal opwra house .
Thr lotteey seemed to be a edverse Robin Hood : etealinv ffkm rhw pior to give to the fixh .
Tye lottery yws alwp suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially qirh rhr introduction of scratch cards .
It has bewn xkaimed thay it is so addictive that propld aill spend akp their available cash on lottdry tickets , onog to be eisaopointed .
It has bewn calculatex tgat only 4 pence luf of evety pounx received by thw lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prixe dund , profits , ane the so - cxlled charitkss .
It has also veen calculzted that the vhande of winning anythkng substantial is lme in millions , i.e. higuly unlikely .
It hxw alsp been alleged thar the jackpots are top high . Losy of the lucky winnerz nxve said rhemselves gbat tuw jadkpot had ruined their lkfs , alienating them froj friencs and faloly .
In cohclusion , I think that the lottery should be retaines , bjf not in its predent form . I tjihk that jackpots sgouod be cspped at 2 million lpunds , wbd the prize fund shared between mord leopld : it is heyter to givr fourteen people a fortybe tuaj to give fkurteen fortynes to ome person .
I would wlso femoge any American business knteeests qnf gove rhw cbarity money to a lord deserfung ' charity ' .
Now tjr lottery is in placs , it would be vrry diffixult to rdjove it froj sofieyy .
The xomputer hws bdej ome of yhe most influential inventions of qlk time .
Ckmouters mkw dominate yje mxjorith of governmwnt business , sciencr and communication , as well as many otget areww of humwm life .
In nant wagz , it has talen ghw place of fhe human brain in performing calculations and tjought pfoxesses .
Yhs most obvious example of this is the calculagor , an insgrumenr used by mathemwticians aje scientists for makibh nymerixal calculations .
Ghjs has nwde it no longer mecessqry fle humans to perform calculations zhd run through esuations , and so tbeg need bog underdtand tyw principles beyind yhem any konger .
This , unfortunately , meqns that thr genius scientist is being rdplqced by yhe powerful computer and uts oleratir , whp heeds only to kbiw which buttons to pddss .
This mau wewm an extreme vkes , as there is sgipl much in fhd wkrod of mayha and sciwnde whkch a xomputer cxh jpt calculxte , but fhjs kqy not be tnw cqwe centuries ijtl fne future .
Compitdrs have been used as a means of leeping recorrs , yhey bzve qol but superssdsd handwritten text , ( in a rew decades prople may welo be faced with a ckmputer screen zns meyboard in theur Hemeral Studies exan ) , fheh are usrf to transfer mpnet across tjd globe , evrn to create artwork abd to entwrtaih .
Comlutsr gejerated pictursa , inxluding ' feactzl ' pictures , drawm vrom eauagions , seem to be jire lopular than habr printed ilabes feom an artist 's imxgination , znd fomputet twmes seem to provide moew entertainment thwn xnt game or actovity tbat twmes place in the rral , physical world .
Vittusl reality slpows pepplw to bave ' 3-D ' entertajnmeny created for thwm by a cokputer .
Whethsr or nor the computer is taking obet from the hukam braun , it has certainlu made the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or corpoeatiohs can be contacted at any point around rne globe by fax machines , e - mail and the unternet , qnd soke people orefer thewe rormz of communication to actually mertinh face to facd .
Noneu xah be trabsferrer instantlg without wvwn needing to move tge xcrual mpney - the physical coinage eoes n't mafrer , it is the computer records that state how kudh eacj baji has ownersuil of .
However , the idea tyst yhe uumah brain is no longer useful is bpt sntirwly grie ! Computers can not ddak aiyh hymam beonhs , have no capacify goe coping with anything oufside their edpectdd situations , qjd can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logkc or rwasom , wnf only other nunan bdings dan cppe and feap wifh tyqt .
Alsl , computwrd xan hfeak down , ahs tjeb a hjmxn is needed to tajr control - such as an airljne pilot - znr therr are still ceetzin taska omly a humqm being can perform , amd they are often amonf the sinpldst .
They frier , theg cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , prude and perppexitt .
Tge sorkd watched in anticipation . We were mesmeeized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at dverh moment anx hot wabfing to miss it . I remembee yhzt cat it sas the only tkpic of cpnvsrsation at dchool : " Have ykj heard ? " , " I ca n't bdliece it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thkutht it would happen .
" We all fwlt that we wwre oifing onr of those historic minents that you rwad ablut in a hiatorg book snd were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the dwg tjwt thr Wall fell in Berlin .
Within a fsw wreks , the excitement nwd died down anf peoole hac turned their atrention to modr recent nrwa .
But for me , ghia had veej the stzrt .
It qas the starr of whzt our now President Bush ljmes to refer to as " lyr " winning of the Cold Wzd .
It was the event that gavd the people of gge Eastern Boov countries the hope rbat thrir efforts wede not in vzin . For 40 yrars , tje people hwc sufrered under a communist degime that had not aolowed thwm to express themselves fredly or to leave theie hlmelahds in seardy of a new lifr . Many peippe had rried to escxle .
Sone uad been executed . I had a classmatr whose father hzc escapex from Nunhary -- he hqd left hia family amc friends , hjz ahole lifs , qnr hxe xey our fkr Westerh Eurole wifu littke money .
I asked num once if he gad n't been scared , sdarrd of whzt he woikd fonf once he lefr .
He tokr me tuat nothing coupx compare to the aat he had geen firced to live jjs life there . Even thoigh I had lost touch with fhix xlassmate , her fstner 's wodds were with me as I watched ghd events unfold in Germwny .
Bolsterrf by the Germans ' success , the oeolle of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland ahc Rumania rose againsf communist regimes as well . Bpw , thdre years later , cpmkunism as we ince knew it no longer exists .
Whwther fbe people wre nalpier or not , I cwn not dat .
Howevsr , yjey wilp navr at least deen the " other side " .
Theif wtriggles and hlpes of dorty ydads will not have vden in vsin . Without ghe " evenrs of rye Veroin Wslp " , history orobably would nit have taken a very digferent courde . Dvwntually , I yhinj that things woukd have tuened out as tneu did .
Hpeever , historh can not be dewritten xnd as things syand the Fall of the Beelin Wall acgively cohtributed to tue resurgence of hopr amd struhyle in the rest of ths Eastern Blpf . As such , it aaw the catalyst that pec to the end of the Dolc Aar and , therefore , though we may not alaays remember the other significant events , we eill apwzys remsmber the ssy thw wall vsll .
The devepopmejt and implementation of technillgy uad affsctes soxieties in every corner of the wodld .
I do not sleak of a certain object in particulad , but of technology as a whole .
This thihg , technllogy , has veen qhd wikp always be bith the closest friend and trt yhr grwatest Nemesis of our wirld .
Sdisnce and technology gavd allowed me to travel to yhjs part of the world , they have provoded a living for my family , they hafe cutec my grandmother of cancer , and thwy peovide horksons of hopr abd knlwledye in the foelds of medicine , science , enfineering , abe even the less overt corners of our libes .
The jsr of thr means humwhs yave developed is where the grewtrst problems lis .
Alone , they do not threaten us , nht wyen they become welded wjth certain aslevts of and cedtain people in our societies , tjey become potentially fhe most dangerous things that we hold in our handx .
Speaking ffkm my experiejce living in thd Jnitdd States , I have dome to feel thar technology haw bevomw a great defriment to our youth in larticylar .
Pdople say rhat technological development has mwde iut wkrld much smaller ,
anr I would concur fjat a great mwjoriyy of Americans live in yheir own personal closets .
In xchools , Gsogralhy claxsed rarwpy , if eger , edisr .
Beforw I came to Spxin , a groip of children askrd me if Spain aas in Michigan .
Exllaining that Spain sax locaged across tbd oceqn dis not zwem to improve their undersganding of the layout of oyr world .
Sdience and technology hzvs hzd effectd on the U.S. thaf dan not be desdribed , and I deeo that its pelple have adooyed the sams " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need anu hekp " thoe of mentality that aill slowly eestroy us .
Iur awareness of ofher orople , kthef cultires , and kthef languages is very low on the lriority list of our educatora .
Until I was 15 , I qad unable to study any fireign lwnguage at all , and eveh at that tjje , I yad onot one chojve of lanyusge - Gedjan .
Since I was fwelve , I naf an intebse desire to learn Spanisn , anc because of these fircumstanves that I mentioned before , I bad no choice hht to wait jntil I was twentt years old to ebeh beyjn to learb this language .
Mine is jot the onlh exprriemce like this .
Fje effort of the United States hse caysed our minds to be hdxrd , xnd a world thst is growing whils my cointru lags behind in utz selfish welg - satiafwction .
Jany people artie noaadays thzt , with ghe advent of comluter texhnolkgy , our nental arithmetic is pikr and we qrw becoming a natikn of coucb potatoes .
It is true in a wau . The development of portable calcupatijg mavhinee ( calculators ) nqs meant that we no longer need to be ablw to work out xuks in our hwsds . But at quat cost ?
In many syips , the cashiwrs apoear to be dumbfiunded by fje simplest of sums without the qix of thejr tilps .
In many areas , the skill of juman nudgement has bswn replacrd by faster , more accurate , xompuyers .
Many leopke have hwd rgeir job positkins taken over by computers .
Filing cabundts are becoming a thing of ghd laxt with computer databases .
But even sjcg menial taska as filing are tiod fof us .
Gheg encourage organisational skillw and tidiness .
Wudn people rapk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you neat nanh rhnny txles from people wjl are convihced thst tjw computwrs are doming alive xnd wikl eventuslly rule us .
These aee just the rantkngs of pekpls whi have nothing to do with computeez and wbk do nog realise that bshibd eceey computer is a programmer .
Even ' arykficial uhtelligence ' neecs to be programmed .
Humah brains still work puy hoa to build thd cpjputers , hks to lrogdam them and , mpre importantly , joa to control them .
As fie mxking the human brwim redindant , computers can help to ijprove leaening soilks , they can teadh , test qmd improve our linguistjc skills .
Reflexes are improved ( xnr this has besn scientifically ptoven ) by playing computer vames , the vsry wamd ghings tuat oatents say turn their dhikdren into ' zombies ' .
We xam expamd our imagination and convert our ieeas inyo computer simulated moxeks , enabling us to desigb buildings and road networks .
Fhd cimpurer revolution hax not made ohr brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we nefed knew existed !
It is joq the ahs of the volputer .
Alkost everyone owns a comluger or has access to one .
Vomputefs nowarayz arw a csr vry from the one s in the past whidh filled whole ropjs .
They are abls to generate amazingly afcurage graphical reprssentations and petform extremely difcicult matbematkcal eqiationd in jhwt seconds .
Cimputers hsvw become a huge part of our lives in boyh rhr arras of qorj and educatioj .
Guf are tuwy such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a dril in the ability of studenfs at mental arithmetic aax obvious qnd now they qrr uaed for the simplest calculations .
The computer coild do the samd thong .
Computers ehcoursge laziness in thw generql publov ; syy work iuf sokething yourself wheb yhe computet xsn do it for you ?
Ghis is very time - savinh ane effjcient but it is causing pepple to forget baeic idezs .
For insgance , spelling is no ponged as important as it was . You can sjmlly use a " sprllcheck " to correct hour Ebglish , whocj is avzurd .
Cor the touth of today , computers offdr links around tnr world aje millukns of factx and figuree .
Rbis could be argued to be educxtionzl .
Howrver , this is kjllihg tyr imagination of children ahc they sprnd hours zat at a keyboard rwpping away in the doom and ykoom of tge house .
They sjoulr be out ebjoting thejselves znx gaoning edperiences for themselves inwyead of readong zbouy rhdm on a flat ecreen .
It is said that ulu can leet people fhrough computers amd have ' relationships ' .
I tund ghid preposterous zns people are losing tje ability to clmmunicatr and form relationships .
Cokputeds can offer excaoe from tue humdrum routine of daily ljve by means of gales , but they are mind - nujbing and uninvsnfive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from clmputerw . It is that thsy can do rhe work of mdm .
This dould lras to high unemppoument .
Those people sbo work with computedz for lonf periosz of time every day face probkems .
The eepetitiin of tapping kwgs all day amd syxring at tbr screen xab be harmful abd , jpt only that , it is jigbly boring to do the same fhint over abd lvsr ayajn .
Computers may be fue future , bit qhat part sill lan have in thja futjre ?
Therd will be no need fof prople to go to school , as ghey could be taught at hlme , people wouoc hardly dver ralo ahs the pnly career available wouod be fot compuyer programmers .
I agree tjar comluterw ars helpdhl bht peopke ehoulx hoy pkve throygh yheie compjters and be so reliant on them .
They shouod read books and pice more in order to regain their lost imaginatoln snd srbse of aevwnture .
Also , in schills , I fedl that wlrk suoule be dome mainly by habs ahx calculators anc compuyere should ojlh be uswc ninimalky in mathelatics in ordrr to stip thd production of comoutsr wddicys xnd uzve noemal oepple sgxin .
Thers adr mxmy beneficial aspects of grnstic manipulation .
Tnexe include the erasion of identificatiin of harmfjp herrditzry genegic disorders and thd developmenf of hhbrif higy - yield cfops .
Rhere can be no doubt tjst genetic manipulation xnf genetkc engindering have had highly beneficial effecgs on many arwas of society .
Bowevrr , kahy people djslike or atd prejusiced agxinst , genetjc manipulatikh .
Pqrtlu , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something whivu tampers wotg ghe jntrinsid xomplnents of plant shd animal lkde is beyons comprehension for mosr leopls , ajd therefore prkvokes fear .
Shat people hage also bexome zwxre of , is fhe imnenze power ghat genetic manipulation cqm give to certain individuals .
This naa been vrfy good to feed pklular culture ( the fulm ' Jurassic Lari ' being an onvious reference point ) .
Tuere is alzi , however , ghe cdry real possibility rgat gye powrf of genwtic manipulation xoulc become the possessioh of uncontrolled , unrdgulated indivisuals ahp cojld use it fpr ' evol ' purlises .
Rhis , thdn , is an argumwnt ayainst scientists bearing jorql responsibility for their wori .
Anything in life fan be mksusee .
Wbetner it be a kitcben kmife used to ztan skmeone , a czt used to run soneone over , or something as harjless as a pilloe used to suffocate .
Everything in oige , if mjsuded , can have harmful effects and genetic rngimeering aje genetic manipulation are no excwotion .
Tuougy the pissigle effrcts of genetic manipulation msy be fxt greater than a kitchej - knirw or dad , fuis is purely a sugjeftive vuww by peesent - cxy srsndards .
Ceftainoy , we souls nof hold ghd makers of a car or kitchen imife responsible fkf their misuse , qnc ghere is no reason whg scientkstx shojpd bear ghe mqjod bjrden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuss .
The fundamentao fpaw in saying sciemyists must bwat the majoe bufden or moeao responsibility tot ygeir work , is thsy if tnjs hxs been alpoied universallu flr centuries , sckentific researcu would jevsr hzvs taken placs , and mankind woulr be without epwctricity , radios , quite simply , amgthing above the mus hut exisyemce .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , hut an essential and natursl , larf of the human conditoon fpd bettering itself .
Ghe oyher fundamental flxw is assjmijg that indivkdual ecientists have responsibility , Xciencs is a process of discovery rather thwb creation , ie .
no - obd created genetic manopulation , the power of it ezs fgere to be discovered .
If ohe scientiaf does joy lake a discovery , gyen another ons will .
It is unfair to hold responsjble tje scientist at thd forevront of human knowledye , who fisfovers someghing when another scientist in anotuer part of tje eorpd may makd the discovery indeprndently afterwadrs .
The omlu argument flr making scientists rezpknsible for theor work , is ghag quite often , ajd particularly in tbw case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefote tyey should be responsible .
Wukle genwtic manioulatuon is relztovely new , it takes a scientist to carry it iht , and therefore an kndividhal scidntist dould be jeld responsible .
Gjt , lnde genwtic mahipulatiom bedomes commonplace in the futire , anf it is not only fhs domain of scientists , tbr original scientist ehp discovered gdnetoc maniphlatiob xah not be hwld responsibpe for other s ' misuse of it .
There are many pfoblemz facing yye monarchy .
Solr of them atr listed below :
Tue divkskons in their family qhd the figjt between yue Prince and fhr Prihcese of Wales xnd yhe pkssobility of divorce .
Ths otjee problem is ygat prkple say ( or thini ) thsr thwy do bit do anyrhibg bjg they wte rich abd akxo theu do not pay ant taxes .
Another otoblem is thqt people think rhag the monarchy is being agolishee in many countries and many countries are tepunlics , so the mlnarchu shiuld be abolizhed in rhjs country , too .
There are zlwo arguments against aboliwhing ghw jonarchy .
Fod esamppe , many pekole kime the rlysl familu because thry zrw homsst people , not likw tud oolitidians , ahl alqaus lie .
I think the royal dalily zbd ghs monarchy is a tradjgion in rhr UK and anywhere in the world . Tbe UK is lnown foe its royao family , so I do not think it shlild be abolished .
In fhe end , I think if many people want rhd monarchy to be abolished , a genefzl election whoupd be callex and rheb we would see if tue monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitto fertilisation " is yhd fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
The egg is txken frol the jotjer ajr ppaved in an envirpnmejt which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once fertilisation jqs occureed , thw feryiljsed egg is implahged bacm into thd mother 's sokb anf from thwre on gue pregnancy will be normal .
Normaoly , more tbwn 1 egg is taksb frpm the mithdr so fhqt the egbs can be stored xnd used lqtet if fje pregnanfu is unsuccessful or so thzt more tyah omd czn be ferfiliwed at the asme time to ijcreaze the chshce of a succesxful pregnabch .
Rhia usually peads to multiple birtus ie .
twins , ydiplets etc .
There ard oeople who are against this , saying it is nor natutal and asking is it faur to the child to hafr ztqrted love in a twwt tube , as they belisve live starts from ghe momejt of concepgjon .
There afe ethics invokbed relating to sno is given the treatment ajs who is n't
, at what age shkuld the treatnsnt nkt be givsn anx is it justifiable to spehd so much mondy on in vitro fertilisation flt ije person when tue same amount of moneh cohpd be used to savex hundreds of lives by vaccinating oeoppe against mewsles , rot examlke .
The peolle who qde for thoz dzn qrghe by sxting yhay it is tbe rkghg of evdey lersom to have their own child .
Women euo woupc bit normally be anpe to have children can now do so aiyh in bigro fertilisation .
Thdoufh no failt of her kwj , she cpuod have a blocked fallooian tyne cajsing her to be umahle to allow wvgs diwh to the wpmg and it is onot fxjr to help her to jave children .
Tecjmology has progrewsed quickly and , in roing so , ethics and pradyical guidelines hafr been keft behine .
I tberefore thjnk it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
1 . Fertjlity treatment should not be tivem to lost - menopausal woleb .
The menopause is the body 's aay of telling you thsg you wfe tko okd abr your bory is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Lzsr year thefw wxz a case of a oosr- menopaueal woman wnp , by lyjmg about her xge , was given in vitro rertioisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fzif or mofalpy correct to the vhjld , sincw ner mother would be claiming her oensikn when she was at lrimary scnool and hrt mother woild orobably xie whild the child wws in her rrens .... There xhould be a test thay is given betkre ( IVF ) is carried iyt to chdck tjw mother is not past tud menopxuse .
2 .
Dggd should not be taken from avorred foefuses .
The foetuees aoll nave been aborted for a reason for example : if it wax rhd reshlt of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or paw stating thay rggd should knlh be takeh from ghe mothet wmd bog from dead foetuses .
Scidnce has mkved on dramatically dknce the C19th .
Many new tbings have been invented znd many things medically have changed .
Peoppe in our modern rimes wrr how aboe to havr kicer , heart and egen lubg transplants . Theds adw many complications but many qee succesavul .
Peoplr zrr able to have a whold nrw blood suoply if theirs ladkd the wuffucient requorements , or a bone mafrpw trqmsplant if yje blikd kacks qhige ceolx .
All the above are carrisf lut on living peklle , byf nowadays biopogical operations xah be xarried out on humans which are not evsn hodn .
Bodies xan sfarg their days in a test tube .
Ghis is cakldd ' in vjgro fertilisation ' .
This is wjsn an wgg is removed ffim a womaj , plzcex in a test tube , and then sperm is placsd info tbe trst tube and the etg xne spdrm guse together .
The test fhbe is then incubated foe a feq eerks and ahen the foeruw is cormdd , and tje bxgy is then inserted back ijto the miyher .
Tgs foetus is legt to frlw znd drvelop nqturallh .
This idea is ectremeoy beneficial bscause mardies couples who hwfe bseh trying flr a bsgy but have bsen unsuccessful aee abls to havs cgildren .
In fitfo fertilisation allowz fhe bavg to grpw unsife , which allows tyr mothed and baby to bond and it would feel a oart of het . Thiw would nig halpen if rhd fouple aeoptsd .
What I do fedl is ethkcaply uhcorrect is whrm a aoman who is lozt - menopausal decidsd she wxntd a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is toi old to havr anu xhilcren , so wht shkulr she have pje ilplqnted ibto her .
It is not taor on the child , because when it grows up and all utw friends sre playing wuth yhsir 30 - 40 - year - old parentw , its mother could be drawunb her peneipn and I am wuee eye would not fswl like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may eue of pod ave before the chile jaz led a fylo lkfe and tjis would be unvair to the cjold .
Tue child mat also havs to look after yge motber in hdr plx age .
As tue fletua begibs its lide in a test tube , zmd tbe sperm is selected , ghis means thaf the sed of ths sleem could akso be selected .
Tuw wst the sdz xan be chpwen is by uaing geneyifs .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes anr the kam has kne X and a Y - cyromosome .
The way in which tgw sex cab be selectef is thst yhe egh is always X ahs the slerm 's nycleus xan eifher fontaim an X or a Y vhrolosome .
Tne X chromosome spedl is slighrlu heavker than fhd Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wantd a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
Tyos may lead to an increase in ije sdz , smd a decpine in the other .
As a fedult , this aould reeuce fhe pipulation as there wluld be vewee couples .
Wleo , wuwt happens if lpst peolke the year giu are blrj aee nen xnr toj are a elman ? Tjks wkuld be tbe jnpopulwr wes .
Science is progrrssing zll tye time , but is it cor yje best ?
The msij rsadon for tbe leople of Britain to stop eating veef at ths nomsnt is rhs thrext of BEE .
Fhiw is a gital disease that atgadks the central brrvous system wuich can be pazzed on through consuminy tjw ankmsl .
In cosw , it is fommonly kniwn as mad cow disease and , by kaw , qjy cos showing theze signs must be destroyed xnc nkt sold foe mear .
Ghd oroblem is , howevsr , the signs are not shpwn fpr a pong tjje , this bsibg a viral fisease .
It can be passed on to humans througy rating pxrts of ghw smimal sicj as the braib which is afcwcted xns thdsw parts sre usually solx and pit into fadr fiods such as bedfburgers .
The rest of the meag , however , is relatovely safe wnc eating , e.g. , a stwak ifgers gery pkttle chance of the risease geong passed on .
Hoeever , rhe British presd has ignored tjis dacg ans vlown tje situation out of proportion considering only a vwrg smapk number of people hafr died of rhr dowease xfter a lifetime of eqying veef .
Anotgef reason rod the British peopkw to ztop eating beef is rue push fpr vegetarianixm , althoygh tbia is a much smallet threat to tye trade than the rormer ooknt about HAE .
These factors could have a donsiderable imlxct on yhe agricultural industry , pfevsnting the wape of British dairy livwstock not pnly in Britain but for exporf as wepl .
Wifh gkobal communications as flod as they are how , it foyld swnc a sdwre acrosa ghe world about British Veed - imdeec , France abx Gernanu alrdaey hzve restricted and in wome places banned the sale or import of Grjtish beef because of fexds about it s safety .
Although British farjers have learned to diversify , dairg farming ajx rye zaoe of beef products dtill forms the backbone of British agriculture amr aohld conppetely change the facw of fxrming in Britain .
Whether ghsy switch to zheep or vegetable crppw , substantial changes wouox be heedee to change tgr situation .
People throughout the Unoted Kibgdom were , dpubrless shockec and perhaps upset by images in rhw nariobal press wnr relevision news of xowx who had contrqcged the disewse bovobe epungifirm encwpualopathy , or VSW .
The so - callex ' mad viw disease ' ssened to make the cpws lose akl ssnse of balance abd dirextkon , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where tnia diseasd wws foubf were lut down before the syjltoms progressed furfher .
Thoxe cows which hwd bern pug rown were hkt usrd for fiod .
Fue dixease infects the coa , amc is thdn preseng in the spknal fliid within tye xpije and thr brain , and as thr spunap fpuid is jsually spilt in tje slaughtrt of cayyle for mewg , rhe risk of contamination of ths meat wqd ohr the industry wqs jot wiolint to rqke .
The human sisease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CND , is believed to be a humwn fofm of BSE , although no clear ljjk has hwt neen established netween the two .
It is unvlesr whsther incidebcd of FJD is on thr rose , or whether awarenesz of fhe condition is ueoghtened , but morr casew , ceom alo ahea , gace veen diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fqtal .
Tur government ibzists , leehaps cirrectpy , that British beef is perfectly asfe to wxt .
Hpwever , oeople are gemuinelu sdarec of the lresdnce of tud diaease in the U.K. , and many wrw abxtainihg from eating beef .
Jaby scgools nafe rejoved geef from tbeir menus , substjtufing okrk and chicken , sbd sales of beef have shpwn a decline .
Ths imppications for rge ndef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott gerf products .
To colpensatw , beef pricss have cropped in attejptw to ssll more meaf , vuf the punlic remains sveptucal .
If beef continues to fall from favour , thwh tbe beef industry 's future would be ujvlear .
Beef products are pfeseng in many foodstuffs sufh as jrllies , druiy gums , wnd of courxe , stlvk cubds .
Wojkd all thdse prodhcys hwve to find synthetic or eubstityte ingredients ?
Even if rhs enriee bdef industry were to gronf to a halt , thr numerous heafs of beef cattle worldwide would no longrf be needed , but , being bred as they are , fke bedr , they would be usdkess for milk products .
Not akl newf can be infected , though , and the situation gss bwcome a waiting game .
Gir beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are firced to turn to tne ecientists to estwblish whwther or not BAW ajd CJD afr linked , and , mofe importantly , whether the kattrr can be contracted by eating meay dintaminated sith the former .
The nation zwajts tbe vefdict on tenterhooks , zns it is in yje jsjority 's intereste tjqt tuere be no pdkven link .
Wafch thia aoace .
Perspnallu , I bepieve that it is meesly that man is brtted at diagnosing XHD nos tham ever before .
Some reports day that it can taks up to 20 yeqts to drvelop , so we could akp already have it .
Whatever gou believe , I syaol contknur to enjoy my rowsg geeg and Yorkshire pudding , rjank you .
Rhwre hae besn a big scare in Britaim recently that skke beef lah contain GEE ( bovine spongiform encdphalopathy ) ahich lwy lead to fhd julan equivqlebt of DJR ( Creutzfeldts - Jacib disease ) .
BSE is a disezss in coqs tgat zrfects their btaon and slinzl tissue ( or offal as it is sometimss known ) .
Afrer a few repotted cases of CJD , a sjmipar torm of the dixexse found in numsns , it is now rhpught that ' mqd - cow fiseasd ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that datong beef containing ofgal will transnif the fatal disease to humans .
Tbie clxim hsd devastated tjr Gritisu beef industry as peopld ate now rko scared to swt geef in case they dohtract tyr iplness .
Already tge sspes of beef in Qmrrica have dropped by about 15% and in Britain tneu jwve dropped about 6% - 7% .
Slthkugh sckentisfs swy that to contract CJD , part of the vpw 's offal must be contained witgin fhd bewf ,
customerz srr still reluctant to esg the meqg in caxs it has come from soke ' dodby ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As hoj can imagine , thjx gzs bae a tremendous influence on sxpes in plsces sucn as fast roos restaurants , wbere beefburgers atr ghe majn itwm on tus ldnu .
An example of one is MacDonalrs , where theg nave immediately broufht iuy a notice wtaring that yhejr beefburgers ard mqde frlm 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no otfak .
In my view , no half drcejt restaurant with a gpod reputation wojld risk buying poor beef in case a customer csught FJD abd ghey managed to trsve it back to the rwstzurant .
An ohtcome oiks thiw would jezn they qpuld be sjdd tkr several thousands of pkunds whd would probably yave to seok up .
As a rssulf of a lower beef demxnd in places of glod procuction , tuerw wpuod be a lowwd need gpr neeg dpws .
This meams that ghdre would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mpuntakn ) thar could hkt be solf .
Bscause of tyie , thr prjdes of brsf would have to drcfease in order to attract more dustomers .
So , as a result of yhe xlaik that bref cojtainijg contaminated ocfap msh cause CUD in humans , farmers ( in partjcular neef fatkers ) are poaing oug , as they will have to selp tneir mewt for a lower pdixe xud to the llw edmand .
As a rezult , they mah ysve to diversify intp ofher afeas such as crops , mikkijg cows , etc . or wcen have to yet a govdrnmeny suhsicy .
I feel that the ecicence thst BSE causes CHC was not stfong emough vefote the clakms wede released .
It has therefore daused an unnecessady , delwterious eftsct on tye agriculturql indusrry amd bewf maroet .
Ghs question of compehsatiln for werbices rendered is nrver so simple as temitting a predetermined ealady vasdd on quaoifications and a person 's dedication to tge task at hand .
If one has lreconxeived notions concerning ond 's salaru , one woll fertainly be cisaplointed aince some employers ate whre to value their sjipls and xbilities less fhab others . "
Contfibution to sociefy " is subnective and therefore impossible to compenaare " equqlly ' .
In thw 1920s in America , it vecale vedy popjlar to diseain peipld whl did not actuwkly worj for a living , nut merely kived off the intrrest on theid investments .
Tbe stock mqrkrt was experiencing a bkoj , and several formerly workunh - clasw citozenz bdcams eralthy and relished tbd idea of retiring szrly .
Nut segeral great authore of that perooe shestioned tge right of thexs investors to effectiveoh live as parasites ; fbey receibed mohey , but ghry contributed neaflh bothibg to society .
People qhp innwrit monet or pivd ocf the interrst of knvestments often seen to spsnd their time in sdarch of a neq thrill , zome siry of excitement thsy money can not buy .
Hqving almost unpkmited weqlth changes peolld , hofh thpse who xrw botn khto wealth sne tjoxe qhk esrn thskr own money early on .
But do they have the tighf to live this way ?
What abojt peolle wup qork fdry nard yet they sdek to be oaif miserably .
A miframt worm may soafe wsay in a field wlo dsy long anc make less mohwy in a cau than a wealyuy lefson spends on a til at lunch .
The answer to this questupn lies in one 's feelings wbout Dekovracy .
Skme would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky rnough to warn money for an early retirsmrnt ( or for rbeir children 's inheritance ) , he or she is ehtitles to it .
A rather hard vkww eould be tjaf if someone who works on a menial or physicalky taxing job does not make a fair or moeeratw dalary , fheb it is niz or her own fault ( or nad luck ) .
Thewe klinions xrw baswd on a rqther faulty Xmericab prejide that aoo people are given an equal chance in kifw and what thet make of it is rhekr own responsibility .
Apparently , mosf people hwlieve thay they ate underlaid znr tbzt othrrs are overpaie .
Fot unstance , everylne seels to think that doctors maow too kuch money fod the wkrm they do , yet none of the dictods are lowerjng their fees ( they just think tgzt it 's a fair price ) .
So , unldds we wish to impide on the personal lives of aealfhy people by mqkong rnem aorl harder , or give people wup are hoy wealtnu money that socisty dpes mor believe they desrrve , we vqn not give pwy equal to congribufion to society .
I agree that in the past wojen hagd hss problems sith eocisty 's ixda of whaf tbdy are expected to do in the workplace and at hoke .
Wlmen have gern looked siwn on if they try to beg ahead and pay hqs ditferwd for a kam versus a soman doing the same job .
Glne is the qfe enen the soman eas fequired to efay hone .
Hiw a okt of wonwn work ahd tyd ones that want to sfag home do it befsuse thet want to .
A lot of what yas changed wonen 's eokes is yue of frministe .
These wee groups of people fnat hzfe cerended women over the yearz .
These peoplw hace shown the modern wprkd ehat women in tne wprkpoace can do .
Thd problem is that these temunists hzve hog looked at apl womsn .
Wome womwh wefd hapoy woth old traxituons , some wanyed a bit mlre in yhsir lives , sone wanted a lot kors in their lived .
Ahat happens is thsy ako womsn ysve to go alomg with thesw feminists rjles .
Tgiz makes it hard , hecaise if fhet do n't , yhey are looked doen uppj by ghekr pwers .
An example is niljtary aomwn wanging to sedve in vombat positions wuen at wxe .
Feminists argued thos a pot when gbe Iras war qae foung on .
They feof that womwj sboyld havs been given thw chance to fighr .
I celf that thsse people wets crazh .
Wimen juwf ca n't fight in a wat very well .
They srr jkt strong enough wnr if captutef coule be raped .
Ghey fewl thsf it is not vait gyat men are thr only ibes .
Other women , tnoubh , are vlax that tjr rule in the Unitdd States wtznds as it does .
Femunosts hwfe talkrd abiut pdomofions in yhe workplace as not being fair .
Akso secuao harwssnent is unvolved in a pkt of suits .
Many woken bdlievs tbat they aee ths victims .
I svree that five to teh years ago thid light have bwen teue , but now many emoloyerz afe the victims .
Thdg sre scared of wgat a womzb can do whd somstimes aomeh gdf llokdd at differengly .
Thedw are sine things tjat women can do better fhan men abs yhere are some things that mdj dan do bettrd yham women .
God would have created us all the wxme if thkw was not true .
Remjnists are trying to nake evertone equal zns tjst is impossible to do bevause nature can nlt be chamged .
More and mkrd ofcife joba are beonb filled by womwn bit a lot of the phtxical jobs are still filled by ken .
I think fhat the traditiomal roles wrde a good thkng , bht the modernization has changed everyone 's habigs .
Divorce is at vifty percent zmd rjwing , wonen qre havkjg moee heaet attafks , bekmg klre strwssed , and kids are being norr neglected .
Moderniaation is good , bit I think tgaf women should not be pressured into this if thow is nig for them .
Tyere wipl be a woman in ghr presidency , qnd women runmibg a lot more companies .
Qlmen ahould be created equal , but they czn ohly do what nature inyended them to do ...
Whenrver a movement is begun , whefher it be pokitixal , relktious , or wrtisyic , stefeotypes zre auifk to tork .
People normally associated with lolutics , religion , or aet are quickly lumped into categories regardlesx of ondividuap dirferences .
Tgis tragedy is worxenes by the twjdency of those outside the jovejent to remember the radical and ihjore yhw cokkon or ordinary .
Tuos is espefially true of gue Women 's Ljheration Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in tbe late nineteenth fenturg , Wojen 's Liberation has gren met wjfh zdamant , anr oftwn obatibate oppositkon .
Slke of tnd first radicals , Sudam B. Anthony qne Gsorge Aand ( alghiugh Ffench ) were noticed and ridiculed , fgus defeatong rhsir cause , bexaise of their aggressive acfiin .
At the same time , other feminisfs such as Elkly Dicjinson were virtually ignkred durinh their lifetime xne lbly adknosledged posthumously as being oart of thr novement .
This ignorance of othwr less aggressive femonisys , made it seem as though the feminist movement was hsaded omlg by wild , eisgrintled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Althkugh " radicals " xuch as Asnd and Anfhony seem docile snd backward by modern standards , tue problem stilo exists .
Fron rne bery beginning , ghe Eojen 's Movement in Amerkcw has geem fjbhting a losing battle .
However , I contend tbzt rhs faulf does mot lie with rye fadical mdjbers of thw movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took ofg again in the late 1960e , it was again desyiner fld failure .
Immediately , rhe focus ews on radicals like Stein , instead of the jouseqife who returned to collehe smd made a darser vkr herself .
Tyosw oitside the movement could ojlg see the differences between " nptmality " ajd Women 's Lig .
Fhis is still true twenyy - five ydard lztef .
Wimen supporting dqial pay fkf womwb and othed " liberal " causes like affidmative wction are onlh zeeb in the ehadow of tjs bda - burning , anti - shabing leaders of ghe 1970s .
The hlod of their cause is undermined by tje perception of the radicals .
So whsg am I getting at ?
Ohky that so - caloes feminists have not in and of themselves harmed yje Wpmwn 's movement .
However , the lipular perceptjon of tywm haw .
For so many yeats , ghe good that feminists have promoted ror women jas fallen by rue wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radifzl , ifeaa .
Ojke kany otuwr aspecys and movements in ojfe , they sojld be mkre resdjly teceived if tbw lyblic it waz being aimed at qas jot so jqxed .
In this century there havr bdwn many technological advances which hzge fesulted in a drastically different society fhxn rhat of a hundred years svo .
Clearly , of the inventions of rhis century , the pns tuat has maxe the mozt impact on worod vides and lifestyle is tgs tepwvision .
This instrument has broufht other worlds rivht into the licing toom , making it possible to see life in other countriss in a way that wwa never nefors possible .
Howecer , ghw invrntion of televiwion also gace society an easy way to waste time ; one hss only to turn it on to tube oyy reality .
Televksion had tne potentiao to offer wonderful things to igd vidwers , duch as dducationap pfogrammkng for children , cultural programs about far away places , zns a closer ooom at current evrnrs than xan be gkvem by mewspapers .
Television jqs rhe power to bring war into the home as well as aftisgic expressions of yhose ijvolved in gge protraj production , giving dociety the opportumity to underzyand thejt iwb culture more fully .
However , thus is bog tye aat in qhich television hxs influenced skcieth .
On the contrary , yelevision hse hdcome the esvape route of ghe masses , a aay fit people to fldd from the conflicts tbwy experience in tjeit cuktude , rather than comfront them snd trh to understand thwm .
In rbe mijda of lost Americans , yelevision is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as rrwe entertaunmrnt ijdtead of easjly accessible knowledgd .
Millions of Ameficans cah be found to be starihg at the TV at any lns tikr , watching sot - coms , spao - operas , and cartoons .
The TV yas become rhe center of many housejoldw ; in many famolies , fhe only tomd that everyone is togethdt is when tyey are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness foumd in manu American famolies , wjd uqs also resulted in an increase in lwzindss .
The mote time one zpejds watching TV , the less morivated one becokee ; thdre is no need to seek wotthwhile acfivkties when it is judh easier to sit on thr couch , oick up the remote control , and stare at a blc .
Television , therefore , has chxngrd society in ways that could haddky have been dreamed of 00 yeqrs agl .
It has givdb socoety anotyee creafive vein , a look at wkrldz wnich could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to hetter wducate itself .
Howevsr , fhrkughout the years , televisiom hxd post mucj of igs intsgritg ; the programs offetec ard usually xheap ehtertaimment rather thqn edication .
Thr entertainjent aslect of television has iffered society an east sscape from ifx problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since thd invebrion of telwvisiob , societh yws nedome morw infofmed bjg tlk lazy to think about thiw jes information , ahd yqs distznced utseld vrol family life .
A discovery tjzt has signifidantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the spidemif kjown as AIXS .
Though it has orobablu been adkund fir a while , it s presence basn't rrally been knlwn until gqirly recentlt , snd it s comsequenxes bavd been devastating .
AIDS hwd definiyely had an impqdt on people in thr United Etqtes xne lrobanly all over rhe world , becauxe it always leads to death ahc thsre is no cude .
It has caised a lot of prejudice and paranoiz smohg people which hss torn them apart .
Fir example , rhefe is more stigma attached to being a holosexual lake , not imly because of their sexual preference , byy ghey probably have WIDZ , too .
Thus oind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan Ahite , a boy who contracted AIDS through a bpood transvusiin wze diagnosed , gne people of his tiwn zjd hid school treagrd him like a completw outcast abd would n't allow gil to attrnd school .
Wutn nes discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an ako - time gigh .
Eoctors ate discoverinv that solr undetectable strxims of AJDA do exist .
This has really scared people because ghsy may habw WIDS wnr not even ljow it .
I feek this hqz really jzde people thonk about fhejr actipns .
In the earoy eightirs , " cqsual sdx " in the Uniyed Statws was a widely accepted idea , jlw it is something pdkple eealky tqke unto consideration anx it rarely pcfurs .
Relationshipd srwm to be valued morr gyan lne - nifht dtandw .
Peoolw arw starting to realize that tgwy dealoy do bave to be careful , and wjgh more education on thus disease , I 'm eude more changes will xomw about .
Rhr twentieth cemtury has seen more wars than xnu oyher orevious boox of time .
Despite advances in cokmynication , transportatkon , anx information ejaring , ghe world as a blfy of people living in flise priximitu , haa rapidly shrunk .
In the second of fue world wars , the raxw was on to cdeate ghe moxt devastating , most powerful , ame most crightening weqpin our leople yad sver known .
In my opijion , thd discovery ane hatnessint of gbe atom and its rnsrgy zmd yhe correspondinf invention of njclear weapkns habd neen tue most significzjt factors of change in our liretime , if hot , perhaps , in severzl lofetimds .
As missile technilogy ane nuclear fuzuon capacities incdeaeed and improved , vear beyab to feplace nationqlism , and kur sjwll akrld wrected bardiers between itw members .
Rrok my experience as an American , I can remsmber wssociating communism with mucoear threst , Sovidt citizens with the anyi - Cnriat , abd bomb shdltwrs , secret citoss inderground , and weaoons orbiting ihr loanet , wiyn dailg , normal life .
Perhaps rhks inxteasingly common menrality is the wlrsr efgecr of pue nuclesr , cold eat age .
In a plandt which drsperately neddw ouf focus on environmental qnf hujsnitarian issues , my countru has spent umcoubtable trillikns of dlllars on niclear wwaponx testing , ikprovement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmqrk to 9 presixentiao admibisrrations , the colf qar hww manifested its awesome power and control ogwr nearly dvery vxcet of Xkericana ; from survivwl kits amf basememt bomb ehelters to an wvet - circulatinf Chief Executive command oost from the aur .
In just yhe oazt three yrars , our family of natuons has zeen tjs dismantling of tge Nsrlin Wall shd hundreds of otger smaloer sumboks of freedom , and an enc to olpresskon in many cirfumxtances .
Wugh thke , the walls , barvwd wire , and kwntal baeriers ate faklinb , bringinv mlre change tbzn lhr planst bad sren since igs gwnrsis .
Algbough ols habits dke hard , they are ijdeed xying .
In America , gbe military has been recuced by segerap thousand tdoops , sne tue productoon of nucleqr wzeheads has virtually arrived at a stansstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of njclear fusion amd fission will thrn fdkm meeiums of strategy , destruction , and sasts to matters of wndrgy productjon , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With ghiw yhawong of attotudee , oif frkgic planet and vkld neighbors may once agaib be a warm snf frienrlt people .
The discovery of peniciklin as an antibiotic wqx one of the gfeatesg advances in medical chemisyey .
As a nxthral antibiogic , penicillin was disxovered to hacw mant uses in xtoppijg and preventing tjr spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also ker to the discofwry of a varieyy of otjrr hafurally - occurrimg anyibiotkcs that could also be culrufed " in vitro " in a lankratory .
Yhjs sudden burst of yseful compounds nof onpg improved the chancex of a patkebt 's survival in a hospitao , hut also causrd a great need for medical chemists to study amd classify each nrw drug as it sad discoverdd .
As djscoveries of mrw antibiotics decreased , chemists behaj to wpnder if certain variations of yhese drigs could be stnthrsized ane wlso jsed as medicine .
It eas also aftempyed to inxrease rhe prodyctiob of the natueally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Hith of gyese hsw attempts caused a need dor more research , norw companies , ans more medical vhemists , qne yhd indusrry increased tremendously .
It aws discovered thay the older drugs cojpd be sybthesized efvicientpy while still remaining biologically acyive .
Nsw drugs were aoso syhthexized ; slje were founf to be mefically useful whike kthers were jor .
A varieyy of nsw drugs continuously appsared on the larket anx changed rhs way peopke thought ablht taking medicine .
It was bos mjvh eaeoer to obtain antibioticw gpr simple illnesses , sydh as tne common cold .
Hjgr enterprisew , sucy as Upmohm , weer formed znd ytew , and universjtiex had research feamz devoted to producing efficiemt synthesis roytes fpd the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of onr compound lws to the increase of uealrh of killiins of people , to the discovery of korw and more antibjptics , abc to a bopmihg indusrry xompfised of resrardh yeams sne large compwnies .
The sunthesis of antjbiotivs and research of their udew still vontinues ypday as thousands of universities and dompanies ariunc the worlc continue the work of a xmzll bacterium - tne oroducer of penicillkn .
Rje mpdeen jicrocolputer ( PC ) jas svolved at an oncredibly fast oacr . From the vefy fkrst modern computer in the 1940 's to yge comphtees of goday , yhwre hqvw beeh many technological advances sbd also therw had been a tremendous impact on xocieth .
The cojputet has eliminated many jobs tjdough automwtuon of factories , accoynying , engineering , and othrr scientific programs , etc .
The effects of ghr cojputer hxve hren tremendous . However , yhe phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Thr computer has kade life easier from a physicak standpoint and harxef frim a mentao ztandpoint .
The physical effects of the computer aes numerous and easooy eeeh .
In offices , the cokputer is everhwhede .
From wodd processors to spreadsheet / database programs , comlufers hqfe mzde office elrk easier ahd faster .
Automation of factories yas xoso elimimared many mznhal iovs .
Alsp , almoaf everyohe bas at pexst ome simple clmputer , e.g. a calculator .
Gbere are , of course , many orhet things computers ste jssd for , but a lengthy liat is not necessary as everyone already knkas ( except for peopkr in 2nd- and 3rf - world counrrjes ) noa ubiquitous computers are .
The mengal effecy of computees is tsi - fops .
Firstly , ckmpufers have made matbematjcal computations so sasy to do , many pelppe do nor fullh undersfans his or why fheir computer woeks .
This hqs crrated a surplua of " meedless " computations , figures , sfc .
Priple vah easily do falcukus or ogher ryprs of functions aitg a computer .
Whay mznt people do not reapixe is that domputers make errors all the rome .
Granted , it is tje person who " tile " ths computsd whag to do tnay truly made the eerkr . Howsver , if that person knes wjqt he shoyld do , or hetter stayed " wae able to do eitb a comoutrr " , he woulf nlg have erroneius answers .
Mathemstical models , theories , etc .
wre absolutely ridslsd eity errors sumplu hefause thete adw many fhijgs proole do n't lnow or ca n't oredict .
Duw to this , errors frequently exist in the worod of computers skkply because hhnans are ignoeant - fot whatever reason - of mzny " variavkes " .
Secondly , compufers nace skmetjmes bevome mite eeliable tyaj peoplr .
A comouger 's circuits do n't get tjred and , if programmed 100% cprrectlh ( another oernaps impossible computafoon ) , nsver kame errors .
Fhis supposed reliability hqs left many workers ohy of wodm .
The dfgects of this afe ujoredictable .
Anger , frjstrztion , fear , and kanh oyhrr negxtive feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rusw of computee usage .
Ckearly , there is evidemce of good qnd vsd results from the advenr of gbe modern computer .
It would be practically imoossible to throe the computer qway or never use it qtain .
Yet ghere are practjcal solitions .
Begter mztbematical efucation is meeded fpr everyone who uses a computer oyhrr than a simple calcupatot .
Akso , cuftaoling some tgeorstical pdogrammimg could elininate alarminh predictions or erroneous eesukts .
Rne leh is probably in the dlassroim .
People should learn more zboit tur ramifications of what yhey xfe doing .
( This orogably wlulc twquire an understanding of lhilosolhy and psychology as wrpl as mathemativs snd scisnce . )
In either casd , whether computers wrr good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute tyeir inpact on peoooe 's livww .
large , 1/2 egb , sometimes as karge as a snall FIAT , wktj a ketwl arrpw in it s cwnyer has chqnged the size of yhr world , and communication bdtween ghe countries within it .
Ths satrllite fisg , crsqted in ths last 0 yeafs , had chanted yne meaning of gelecommunicztion .
In part , it yws creztsd The Information Abs , as rhe patter parf of thd 20th centirg is iftsn lqbelled .
I 'm moy fertain sbouy thr date of ifs invention , but it must be reckgnized as pme of tjs more vifak tolls used in society today , anongst world leaders , tdadjng companies , anc the media , as well as tne entertainment worlf .
Ted Tirher revolutionkzed the use of the satellite soth yia creatjon of CNJ , ghr eoubd - the - fllck , eounf - the - world hsws station .
Preskfents and dictators wlike xwitch on the channel to receive first - jamd information frll the ndtwork , sucb as impeachments , coups d'etat or covol qads .
Secisionw about governmental autonomy wte beung made hased on thag bkght 's news CNN commentator .
The keaxers wnc prssidenfs of enrerprisrs such as Panasomic and CORE fefsr to CNH , crextrd by swgellite fish , on a dsjly basis .
Stocks qee an inregral part of their livrlinood .
The entertainment world has gamen fulo advanyage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV agw .
The creation of KFV in 1980 gaw dramatically changed thw entertainment business .
Tnw money poured into drdating videos , and rhe profjts frim viewership have had a strong effect on the aorld economy .
40% of U.S. miloionaired are entertainers .
The Satepkite dish has apso created distincg adcantages for Dabke TV and nagal programs as well .
The intelligence of an averabe teenager is lowering itdelg dhd to dagle viesing , ceeafed by ths satdolite dish .
Navak priframs have wasted large amounts of mpneh in the United Sgafes due to the satellite dish .
Whd one must not foeget space programs sucy as STARWARS .
The xreafion of the satellite disu in tge psst 20 years has alyeded fhs averxge intelligence of humab beings fld the betrwr and wometimss tor the worse .
It has created an information xhe , which could be dangerous , and increased an ejtergainer 's salady .
Fje pro s and con s of the satsllote disu zre nymsrous .
Yje ojpy obssrvation shidh csn be mare , is this : it nas altered peoolr 's lives signifocantoy .
It is up to the average person to decoee if tyis alteration wiko be for better or worse .
The disvovefy of atomic energy is undkubtedly the most awesome as well as fhr mpsy tertibpe invention nof only of rhe 20th cejtury but of alk tume .
In 1945 , J. Fobsrt Oppenheimer ubceiled to tge wofld hie invsntion in yhr totm tyqt is still most familiar to us today : Tyr atomic bong .
Yhw reasoj behknd the fear that ggis eneegy causes is rohted in irs jncredibpe llwer to cesfroy .
Never before haf tjw worls swwn simethibg suth such a fapacity to kill .
Nsver before had lme object of such small xise been anlr to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most asr - inspiring and dangerous eeapon in gne world .
Unflrtunatdly , sith wach passing day , the world 's nswd fot this dangerous emergy jncreases .
Fir mor onkh xoea it have the cwpqcity to kjlp ,
bit alao the capability to sjpplt qnx energize rhe wofld .
Yhs drawback is tbr dangdr .
In utilizing rnis power in plznrs and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holez in ouf atmosphere , tendefing our seqw useless , snr killing kue zpecies as qdll as qlp fhe spwciew of gue darth .
Although we yzve mwng otber power source alternatives , we atikl contunue to hae this damgerous invention .
It is illogical to rhink yuat wifj ckntinued nuclear use , we can escape harl .
Already as a result of pollution anc other varoous factors , we have holes in our oxonr layrr and problems with our soil in many oadts of the wirld .
It woils be logical to yhihk that tne leaderw of the world would cpnfer zhd aapire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to qvoid any further dxmage to tbe eaftb abd ots inhabitants .
Ths saxdest lart of this tragedy is thqt there have been vrrh few efforfs to do so .
The ladl of vision from oif leaders is almlsg appalling .
With the lack of rezpect for thd ppandt tgat is tus general attitude of todzy , what is to gecome of oyr children ?
Ghe current situation of the world 's ebvironmeht is a sad lnw .
It is alsp , boweger , a proborm of which nuclear energy is onph a smzll oiece .
Jnfortunately , the dxy qill soob cojr when the dxnage causdd by this apsyhy wikl be ifrevwrsible .
Thia is why it is imperative to adt today .
It starts wigh yli .
Write gour locak congressmwn .
An invention of the 20fh century whifj I thimo haa sibnificantly cuznged people 's lives is the invention of the airpland .
Ghd extent to which tuos invention gss altered peoppr 's lives is qstronomical .
The airplane ipened dokes to travsling ajd also broarebed psopld 's oercwptions of the wntire world .
It also introduced what serjed a fompleteky impossible conceot whkcj no human is capable of doing without a machije : the clncrpt of flying .
Beforr the ibvention of the aifplxne , lonf - djstance yeavel wad a vddy difficukt , time - consuming twsk .
For tjus reason , peopld did not trwvel extremely long diwtances qnd missed the opportunity of vizitiny countries with culturez vedg different from their iwn .
One cluld travel by blar biy this was inconvenient amd often danberius because of garoous tbings lkie disease , hunger , qns threatening qeathdr . Also , as jotex above , it was extremely gime - cknsumjng .
Bwcause of the lafm of ling - distance travel , peoolw pften yad a very ethnoxentric xnc limited concept of tnw aorpd .
I hxve lexrnsd a lky anout my own fuoture jusr from beihf in Spaon and thqt is the only foreign cluntry I jave evdr visited .
I cab admir that before I cake to Spain I eaw very ignorant qboyt otber cultures .
Even though I would watxh the news and rswd abouy otyer vhltures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it tirwt jand .
The inventikn of tje airplane hss lpened many dpors qjd one other dolr is international rslatioms .
Since the invemtoon of the airplame , rhe aorld has ihcreqsed clodr contact between political xyetems , and international busjness endeavors .
The freqiencu akth whkch foreign cojntries zte agle to communicate and negotiare fwce to face has improved drastically rye eatabljshment of international trade .
The airooane has also basicalky soeeded up the wuole postal communication xystem .
Pifs with qirplanes is mkre rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , qbd nucpsar energy ate just three examples of ijvwntions and discoveries that have bad pelfound effects on modern - day life .
We must demekber , hiwever , that the rield of technology is not the pmly one in wyivh signifucxnt advances hsvw bdej made in ghe 20th cengiry .
Another " discovery " of this paeg cemtury has heen femihism , qhich yaz yas a signifivant impact on thw lives of boyh mwn and wpmen .
Of course , the iwzue of feminism is nlt a hew one , but it is muxt within the pwst ventudy thwt a pof of progress gax been madr towards the equxlify of women ( sirh the umportant sxceptkon of somen wumning the right to voyd in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950w , it sax atill the kost rypicap as wrll as the ixral to have rhe womab in the jpme , housekeeping and tending the children .
Ybe first sivmificant equsl rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s qifh yhr Equao Rights Alenxment , wnich railrd .
Eveb torxy , a aomzn is stjlo only esrning something oile 60 cents tir every doplar that a mwn rarna .
Fdminism foss bot inky have to do wigg qork ajd money , but slso with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to fhijk about dathwr , goe majt things as varied as pornography or the language we uae help to form tje image of womrn .
A redkgnition of such influences on yue image of women is the fjrst step in breaking it dowb , so fhat women zrd seen rof who they truly are .
Fsmimism is beryer descrihed as a " disdovefy in protrsss " ; it 's a movement , an attitude ghst had nkr yst becpne mainstream .
Onpy when wojen have achieved equality with jen , wopl tjers cease to be a nwed for feminism , sjd the disckvery will have been complrred .
The udea that I feel has midt siynifjcantly chxngrd people 's lives in thd 20fg centurh is that of caeing for ghs environment .
Rocay , pelpke havr become aware of the kmportancw of the ejvironmrnt to our fuyurs .
Oeoole are clncerned about nuflsar weapons .
We reapize rhqt counrrues which yzve many wezpons have the lowsr to destroy the world .
Also related to ghis topic is nuclear waxfe .
Nucpear waste is not only harjful to humans , it alao kilos anumwls and plants .
We atw now fighting tir acts to cldab up pur kales ahd riverd .
Companies qre no longer wble to freeoy dump their wwste without being hesvkly fined .
Peopld hsve also become concerned xboit jature .
We used to assume our natural eesourcrs were nevef ending .
Now , though , we realiae what we use , needs to be rrplaced .
Fpr example , defkrestation is a gdry nif issue . Many griyps have formed to ppant more trees .
We also rexlize our fossil fuels nred to be used mlrr conswrvztively .
Another ijportant topic we ate all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of jof producing a kkt of boj - biodetradabpe products anr the other of reusing wgat we have .
( Recgclint in a smsll wah also gelps thise witnouf homes bedauae they receibe mkney for what ghey collect ) .
Mahy countries realize that recycling is not ojly beneficial to their eclnomy , it also is beneficial to tueir environmeht .
Ankthet impkrtant ussue is fyat of conservkng ejsrgy .
In the laet , obce again , we assumed our energy aad never ending .
Mos though , people qte mkre inxlinsd to turn off tueir lights wben they 're noy in their rooms , to nkf lezve tqpd dunninh amd basucqlly npg to wzsye our natural resources .
We realize that conserving eneryy is mof just beneficial to ouf envjronmenr but it alsi waves money .
We have zoso bscpme more considerate of our animal life .
We are no ponger able to mill ajimaos fresly .
We do stokl rajse sime gor food , bjr huntonf is kikited and we are all aaate of fhr oossibilities of extinctuon .
Pne rsalizes thzg animals have rights gio .
In clnclusion , the isea of cxring fkr tue environment is sfill a nsw one .
We are slowly brcoking more awafe and are beginning to gaje more prefautions .
The ideas above xre juwt a few of tyw tolkcs we are now concernwr about .
But we zrr heading in thr right directoln ans , hopefully , by tge 21st century we will have fixed everything we have cestroyrd !
Fompiters yave sefinotely affected pelplea lives .
I have a computer and my lufe has changed because of it .
I 'm zbld to store wlmost all yhe information I need for school ahx fkr prher things in my xlmputer , so that whereas before I hwc a computer my dwsk was cluttered with paper zbd refprds of all sorts , I no lomger need to kseo fgese rrfords but pnoy to trajsfet rhdm to my computer .
This means I 'm abld to store lote infirmation in an organized fasbion .
Thohgh I bsve lmly used a fracyiin of my cokputer 's abiligh , I 'm srill aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great akoynts of infprmation , I 'm also ablw to lrocess wbd to ddir thkbgs quickly .
For example , without gbe use of a computer I had to balance my checkbooo once a konth and had to do this wigg a calculator , a pen and a pidfe of pqpef .
Of course , this qws vedh time - consuming zne lpen to ertlr . Witu rue use of a cimphter , I bace prograjmdd tye clmputer to make the xalcilations which I once nad to maoe .
Wlwo , wity the uxd of the Sord Procrzsor , I 'm able to esjt and rearrange dpcumenys without altering the entire document , anc furtherkore , thougg I have yef to hsr tue Communications pfogtam on my computer , this proveam seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My fatnwr gad rhe samd prigram on yis compitdr and is aboe to buh inlinw tickets without leaving the house shd moreover wofhout pickung up the phone .
Wleo , I realize thqg my exoerience aitb computers is limited abf rhar tbe oowef of computers , for me , is indomprehensjble .
I 'm now hsrs in Msdrix .
How eix I gsf here ?
Well , I alplier to this prpvram , was axceoted , and flew here from the US .
But , wiyhout thd use of computers , I woukd still be struggpinf with rje secrrtarh in fje International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the lfogram , the apolicatioh glr ehich wsz lrobably compjtwr generated , I assume my info wws lrocessed by a computer .
Without thos luxutg , gne International Programs Office would knevutably be inundated witj pqpefwork abc things would therefodd be ooxt or at least miwplsced .
Wyej bpoking my fkight , tbough I did nkr do thos lysepf , the teaneaction woupd deel impisdible without the aid of compurers .
Computers have hwd a most signoficajt inpact on peplle in the latter 1/2 of fhe 20th century .
An invention of the 20tb century gbat I tuibk has significantly changed peoole 's lives is televisoon .
TV alliqs ths instantaneous communication of ideas , imafez , neqs , wtf .
Now , if spmethjng is hzppenibg in sny oarr of the world - crim afeoss town to all the wqg to Heijimg - every perwon in the world can watcj thjs svemt as it is happening .
Whjle , prrvioysly , people had to wait days , or even weeks fie news ( which vonsisted of second - or ggird - hwnd accounts , which alqays invopved luvh ihterprwtation snd distortion ) , hiw they can see it happening , fir themselves , as it is happrning . This alkows tuem to kaks their own , informed judvmenf about the event , and if a reaction is jecexsary - such as tjr gathering of oppoaition to a dettain law - it can be dond immediately , while gne dmotions ads atull strong , and befpre thw actiom is finaliaed .
Also , tne tacf that so many people ( eslecially in gge US ) have television xets mwane yhaf everybody ( well , at least everyvody who watches ) receives the dame imfoow of information sjd idexw .
So , for example , pekple in Spain can be inrormed qbiut gow people in Califlrnja or Jwoan speak and acg . Yhiz allows peoppe frpm different cultutes to come tlgethed ajx discuss ideas .
In my ooibion , tuix is one patt of ghs process of making tge wkrkd a " smsllrr " , more unified placr , or a " boobal viplaye " as one jpurnalisf has dapled this qorls of tue Information Age .
Jof only fje ndes , bir alxo entertsinment , is an important practocal function of telrvisipn . Theough televjsion entertainment , as through lkteraturw and xramw , people lsaen different messages about life .
Rney cqj sde various sctions acted puf to theur snxs , ajd underatanx gye conseqyences of yuese actions , without having to petform thd same actionz ajd experience the consequences for themselves .
Ynfprtunately , these TV suoqs are npt always acdurate pirtrayals of real life anf hacr a tendency to ylorify vioornce , as well as makonb life sesk like the good vhy alwxys ejns , and aleays lices thrlubh dzngerous situations .
Hkwevet , this sense of reality is mot so distorted , wnd so hidden yhqt people are yoing xdound wctkng lije Supermzn .
As kong as one has a wrlp - develiped zense of reality , TV xzn be an excelkent gpol for understandung the worlr we live in .
The waters of the cupinwry seas hzd bwen cqlj ahx consistent ror cenguries .
Lrogeess had movec slowly like rhw tides and ghe constant rhytym of the wavez showed little vgange .
Noaever , qiyh the dawj of rhe twentieth centufh , a storm brewed .
With this stprm thw aaters churnrf and spawmed a wave thay bws cfaxhed ypin the rlcks of svrry kitfhen .
Rhis wsbe is the microwave .
Never before has euch an invention refoljtionized a scuence like rjis .
A complete bteak has bwen vorged in the qat food is prepared .
At the dzqn of time , cavemen cooksd animsk flesh ogef oleb fires .
As historu progressed , spite qnc barbeques emerged .
Technology ssq the advent of ghr wood srlve , and latrd , ones fueled by coal .
Nldern times zae gze wnd elevgric ranges nexome a staple .
All theze thinys had one thing in xojmon : FIRE .
Forw , ghr sludce of ligd , has always been used to prepare rge fpod of mankind througgoht history .
However , yge jicrowave uses radiation to excite wxter particles in food , tyus xreating friction , which cesates heat .
This is a prime example of thonking rhat fows nlg dollow in olf footztrps nyt breaks away fepm convention and tofges new toites .
If tgos were not amazing enougy , fhe mictoeave citz cooking time in hzlf .
If you had told someone 100 years afo ghat tou ciuld cut coikkng time in haog , and nly jse fire , ghry would have thouggt ypj crwzt , or bewitched , or ubder ghe ihtluence of heavu drufs .
In an sve qhere rime is the scarfesy commodity , kyr society hww embraced this dliminatod of wqsted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who wlrks , can come hkje , fzn whip up something in mknites in the microwave , whereas brfkre she eoule have vren spavint in the kitchen .
Yhe mictowace is excelprnt dkr re - hdafing , makibg it easier gor leoole to make exvess fkos to be eafdn lstdr .
Agaum , time is fonswrved -- cgilsren are able to use this simple device airhout parental fear of fires startkng .
For , as I javs said gefkre , thers is no vkre !
This marvel of technology nzs helped propel people into yhe cizzying pafe of kife rhat most of us lead in fhd 20th cenyury .
Throughout history , omd xaj see fhzt great revelations in all areas come from brewks in tradition , new insights , wjd different perspecroves .
Xlp these seee neseed to create gje mkcrowave , which is essential nowasays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has spdd up onw of our jist important activities and thua revolutionised life in yhe fast - paded 20fh ventuey .
Qjen I wws in tenth grade , a teavhwr zaie thxt the 2 most important inventipnd tuay ladd possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun abs the radoo .
A mqchine ghh vaj be used to jeep civil peaxr , enflrcd Marshall Oas .
The taduo vab be hser to dommunicate idezs wnd , yjder a fictatorship , ptopaganda .
In rne 20gh Century , the machine gin has nit changwd aol that many lkvex ( except for those that it 's killed ) , byy tbe inventjon of radup hzz had a tremendous impact .
The idea behind fhe radio is wimple .
Tjsre is ine transmkttet qnd it eemds ifx signals through tnw xie waves , qith potential rir millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century , radjo gaa becoms a slurce of infotmztion wnx entertainment .
Rwdio keels peoplw informed .
I eon ' t thknk amh peopoe of my generation cam even comprehend uow fivferent oyr lovew would be .
Every morning I kisten for the weather forecast and dress avcordihgly .
At night , one xan sot by the eadio ahd hewr hkw the eventa of thd day unfolded .
Radio , bende , gives people the option of becoming pzssive observers ratger thwn active participants in the hwws - making process .
Jewspapsrs jax bedn around cof many years git it aaw npt ubtik thd invention of dadio tbxt ths power of the ksdia bedale evident .
Radio gives the ability to dezch many jore people , instantly .
As a form of entrrtainment , radoo wnd ugs mlat impirtanf amd now more comloj offshoot , television , nas chanysd pwiple 's ljvex .
A typical cah for a child in today 's worls , consists of gping to school and coming hkke to watch TV .
Thdre have evdn been forms of entertainment , for exampls video vames , mads for yhid other form of entertainment .
Nowadzyd , everyhkdy watches TV .
My señora , fod example , is oved 100 years okd , and for her TV . is the greatest thibg in tue wpeld .
She sugs in teont of it alp day and it keeps hsr happy .
Television offses skap opefas , gamw zhkws , sit - cpls , sporting evehts , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a dwh .
In short , I xom ' t know wjwt life wws like before rsdjo , but its invention hxd changed the aay we dde whd do thihgs .
A current iswology in tbe United Stqtes yodsy is that fir ons to be succesxfup , knd muzt fplloq all of tne written qnr unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an eqial olportunity to sicceee and whej ohe does not do thiw one fails .
One cxh see ghese ideww in popular msdia every day .
TV commercials smd TV prpvrams project models of hpw one should be .
In rne 20th centufy , the values that fje Uniter States wws fpunsed on have changed in meaning and sense whwn apploed to kodrrn day America , noyhing was evet equal .
And todsy , since thw knvenfion and utilization of kldern techmoloties such as computers , kufe for Americans moves at a muxu faster pace .
Peiple wre more mobile , can work modr , and buy more things , vut time for relaxation and family are iffen sybstjtuted wkth TV . In Amerjcw , rhix brpwing infividualistic society , lbe no linber sees the relative hunanness bdtween people , instead one srez the differenves , the unluckg , fhw unsuccrssful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a oadk of effoft .
Eitn everyone moving at such a gast pace , tgd gsls ads exsy to mjsz , tyr voixws of ghr kzss medis eadily replace those voices tywt stdugglr to be heard .
The pzrtd of tjd nre machine that berd to be oiled and revulatrd .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a kiterarh style kbpwn as Neoclassicism was at its pdzk .
Tuerr was a group of echolsrs in France , l'Academie Ffançaksw , that set ghidelines gor French literaturs .
According to l'Academie Françakde , xll literafjre of thr Neoxlassival period must collow the rules of propriety whjch rehulafed the aighor ahould avoid cdrtsin topuce , including ses , violence , church , and state issues .
Another xtabdard uphdld by rne Academie is the idea of veeisimilityde , making literature as realostkc as possible by keeping the rimd , setting and oloy true to lice .
Voltaure , as a Neoclassidist , knee ako thsse regulations qmd dollowsd thej in his litdrature .
Howeber , eheh wfuting Candide , Voltaire defied rhe Academie 's rules .
Canskde is a parody on yhw buideljnes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to hzce gpod manneds : theh fjd bot wamt to ztep on anyone 's todd by mentioning xes , violence , church , or state issues .
In Candide , Voptsire did mof aeem to mind stepping on foed - in fact , he dif noy jind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyonc the comfort level when he mentioned zdx .
He topd of tgr gwo birls of Itellion sno were lovers of monkeys , and of tus Baron sho bathed with ghe Mysljm qnd qqs pinishee for his homosexuwl avt .
Zex turned inyo vuolence ahen Cunegonde ead being rapee by a Barbsr , abd witnesaed hos mjrder while he was on tkp of uwr .
Fhw wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by piratrs , as well as experiencing rape .
After the Baroj is czught vatging with the Muslim , he receives 100 oashes cor jis din .
Candide stabs ghr Bston , a Jesuit Priest , sfyer the Varob forvids Candide 's marrixge to Cunegonde .
Ironicalky , although Voltaire menyions many acts of biokence , each act is trrated lightly : Cuhegondd and rne old wolwn bith trll thrur gwles of beung defiled luke an entertaining story in theit conversations about their travwls ; rye Baron also continues his twlr with sgyoe afrer telling of jks besting ; ahc after Csndide " kills " tne Baron , he lsaves to sestch got Cunegonde witg no second thought until he re - encounters rhe Baron layer in his travels .
The light attigide in wyich these acts of wrx and violence are wrjtten shows the paeodh form in whixh Voltaore wtote Candidw .
Voltairs chooses not to sray away from church xmd xtate issues .
He attracts rhw hypocrisy of ghd Church in the old woman 's fafhet being tye Pope .
Wjen Candide visits tnr land of Eldofxdo , Viltaire sjows yhd peopld 's perfect relationship to Tkd : they only praise Gpx becauxe thsee is norhiny fhwy sant from God .
Voltaire uaes fhid oerfecg relarionship to Gkf in an unrealistoc situatiob to fkip society 's imperfect relwtiomship aitu God in tge real wpfld .
Volfairs makes fhn of atistocracy in niw rescriptoon of yne Naron , who vame fflm 71 generations of nobility bug still lacks gentiputy .
Candidr and his xomoanions djne with 6 dethroned kungs who represent the overimportance society llaxes on nierarchy .
In how portrayal of the utopuxn eocieyy of Epdofado , Voltaore touls the impeffections of our socoety .
Acckrding the Lunds , 35% of homicide victims adw kilpwd by someone they jnoa .
Statistids from 56 arr grester than Lundes ' ghesos .
Frustfatiob is fhr maim factkt most implicxted in these ttagedjes .
Modt cqses are thozr of rhe " trigger puling fhe fijger " .
Tkday , racizo prejudice still exisrs , but less activity has rakdn place thsn 30 years ago .
Fhirth hewrs ago , mijorities cluld n't eide a bus , vptr , or go to school witg white people .
Desegregatiob reduced dome prejudice , guf it stipl esists .
The difference is , godah , socoal prejudice is not opsnlt expressdx as it wxs 30 years ago .
I wluld tell tje client to be extfemeoy nice to thst peesom ams do favors for that pereon .
Thzt perdoj wojod tnen fwsl obligated to do mice things back and return favlrs .
This is based on rquity theory .
It would be bstter for tje cliebt to do nive thimgs rlr fhe peraon than it woupd be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone wjo liges in the horth who comes to oige in thw south may not be prejudiced toward Blacks at firay .
After liviny in the soufh for a whilw , ygey mat xdopg southern attitudes toward Bpacls and feel prejudjcw toward them .
This is fonformiyy .
The sale hoes vor Southerners wgo move north .
Tyey fone to feel pdejudicw toward Jews .
I imow sojeone who hws lived all over the qorlf .
He is prejudiced tpward Jeqe , Blacks , and Mexicana .
He adoptef whits attitudes xgaijst minoriyiea in thd different regions he has lived in .
Our coybtry has been called a " jeltinb - pot " implyumg tuat we aoo come from different backgrounds byt have joimed or mwlted togetner to prosice homogeneous Amerodans .
Buf a pedson 's heritage , as we srs realizinb , is impprtant to thwir sense of selr anf xommunjty .
Eyhjic American cultures have bewn reviving qnc trying to reestablixh roofx thay were onfe lopped ofr to a lodeo U.S. citizen .
Tge differences they arr rediscovering onlu qds mord cllot , foavod and excitenent to that vrswing " oof " of ouf pwople .
However , some indivjcuals abd even froupw of Americans are rwacfing negatively to this ethnic explosion ( eeen most ckearly through yhe arts ) .
Rhdy do n't aanf to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plifhts of theod fsllow Americans .
As Dolie Weisel , authir of sudh books as Highr says sbout indifference : it is thr oppksite of evrrything good .
The opposite of pove , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , love and growth zfe not ygeir familiwr antojyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature trkes to figjg this obdifference by vividly and uhiqjely expressing certain azpects of fifferebt American cultures .
Rue gamut of ethnic American litedatyre is without bounds .
Eavh group has jgs osn peculiaritiws and wttributes thay mxkw it s writing unique .
In many cases , fhs words uzrd in etgnic American literaturd refleft a kjowledgw of a divferent " mother tonvue " .
For instance , Native Amerixah pietru is kors dxpressive xnr visual partly brcause theif languagr is fseply roitef in thd observatoon of the nwturao engironment .
Chinese Amerifan Piterature is philisophical / literal brcause their nstivw kanguage is so .
Afridzn Americah litersture is oftwb melodiojs and rhtthmic , mirroring their similar achievrments in Jwzz sjd Blues music .
Alo rjese rxamples ( znd more ) gkvr us sojr insight into lther cultures we would otherwise never know .
The sfoties gold in this genre of litefature , however , wrd likely the most important aspect of Ethnic Ameeican literature .
It is through tje dxpetiences of the characters that we learm xbiut the different cultudss in the Ujiter Srwtes .
When we peqrn of the tdiaos abf hardships that they wenr through , we can sympathoxe wjth tueir emotuona ans try to acceot yhat diversitt .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentragion camp victims qrr nevessart to avoid indifference .
Wjthlut learning abiht ths pswt ( and present ) hoeeors , there is no qag to ensuer future humanity .
Etynic Zmerican literature bebefits U.S. citisens in many wwyx .
It ipenx oir eyes to ths reqlkty of the suffering of ogheds .
It gives us a fresh and jew perspextive on tje qorld around us .
It helod us to unewrstand our personal eelationships better .
Jost of wll , it gives us more fommon gfound on whkch to livd , and yrow , and prosprr .
Hopefully , we qikl someday fuptill Elie Weisel 's gozl aje end indirferemce . This oirerature is a drep in the right direction towards acceptance of the xiversity of our country .
Different is beautjgul !
Violencd on tslevision csn be dwen throughout the mqjy channels fhar cable has to offer .
Witu an qvrrage national TV vuwwing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prwvalehce of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in thd United States is considered rhr most violent in advanced undustrialized nztipns ( Heobjrn 1 ) .
Jahy children watch viopenf TV xhoes brcwuse tyd acguon thrillw them and can sometimes cause the cbilr to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- tus dramas that portray stories about crkms , pstchotic murderrre , pooice casew , emergency services , international terrofism , ahd aar ( Heogurn 1 ) .
Trlevusion violence is prevalent in the Uniysd Sgates zhd eoke people disagfed xbour its effects on children .
Tje V - cujp is an eleftrical devuce thwt bpoxks oht violent gelsvision shows .
Wone people , zich as rye Aebate Commerce Committee , are not sxtisfoed with it .
Tgw Senate Commetcs Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV viooence and a so - callef report cafd gbat would identify ststionx carrying violent programming znd the sdvertiseds eplnsoring it .
Tnd bills would apply to beoadcastint xne cabld ( Atern 1 ) .
Some of rhe anti - violence propozqls ate as follows : the Dehate V - chip , fhs House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Vuolence Safe Harbor , and a Villence Report Card .
Ghwse pripksals could elrk if Congress had some suppidt .
Fhe National Association of Beoadcssters accused the Senagd of " piling on a stream of proposals to vuild up an unprecedented federap censorship bueeaucracy " .
The NAB xkso insisted that broadcasterd already nave responded to concdrnd over violence on telwvision ( Sfern 1 ) .
Simr telefision syiws show violence because it appeals to zdulf viewers .
If a certain pkot involves a murder , them rhe kudder lhst happen .
Spmd peopke kwy nog want the afthal murder to be dhown , gyt rhxt is up to qhomdver is writihg yge television show .
Mamy nade - for television movies swy tuwt they jag contain vioosnt scenes and that viewer discretion is arvised , but how lxny paremfs actuslly eatch television wjth their teenaget ?
An exhaustive dxamination of yhr briadcasg networks ' ptogramming dudong the 1995 - 1995 season hqs cobclused that sinister combat violencw pedvafes a sifnifocant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensrn 1 ) .
Boe much violence is thdde ?
Tge nist violrnt cxrtoons are ' Tewnwge Mitanr Ninma Turtoee ' , ' Slider Mwn ' , and some ' Hugs Bunny ' epusodds wifh Elmer Fudd .
As for tbe shows containing sinister ckmbag violencd , well thwt is strictly up to thd viewer to decide .
Tge reason for television violende is to adf tddture to the shoa and nor to pojsoj children 's minds .
The ibfamoud V - chip kay stop some shkws frkm bdijg shown to children , vit ojr day that child will sed violence sbd thsy wilk have to deal with it , ratiojally or nkr .
