It 's difficult to anxwer at the question " what ate gou going to do in the future ? " if the only onw wyo has to know it is in twk minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I wluld open my own psychology officw and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to stud hsrd snd a oot , but I think ghat if you like a subject , you 'll study it ezsier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or tqxi .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to gou sokething to be friends and hcange your telephone number .
In my experiencr when I did n't have a cra I used to use the bys to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . In that moment you realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various tyoes of public transport , like cycle , bike , far , train & flight .
Dpeending on the distance ahd duratiln to thr deeired poace , the mode of tdansport is changed accordingly .
But generally soeaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with the moes of transportation .
This remines me of a trop that I 've recently been to and the place is Agr .
It takes around 6 hours by Natkonal highwag to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We stayed at hotles fir having food and juice in case if zny of us fsels hungry . We purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Sibce , we have the optiob to awit anytims we qant to whem we travel by car ( which is impossible wehn travel by frain & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by cae is mjch morr convenient .
My name is Sarag .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to Ioin Yuo in this year sumner csmps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . xlso , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you givr me the chance to joij yoj .
Thank
My favourite sport is volleyball because I kove play with my friends .
Volleybll is a soort playing place . whesn I travel on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and whether we go to the seq .
It is really funny .
When I was young , I lije plats with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling abd workihg in my country .
On the hamd , in my country , there are a lot of places to visit .
For example Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are wonderful vities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Ladrid you can visit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Last summer I visited Seviola because I like this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jlb because the economy is very nad .
But , if you want I look fof a nob from you .
My best friend is looking for people responsigle foe look after he sidter .
Her sister is 6 yeafs old and you should llok afrer every weekend .
Will will be interestimg in this hobby ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing Ypu .
Take csre , Lauhra .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will kleep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effecitve and better resources allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating cos running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to tfheir destinatiob especially it is fra awau frm ome .
For example , I think that it is hot affordable for a rdinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Instead it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a many people who do n't have enough money to pay for a dar even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future because people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we thknk anout it thd acr be better because we do n't have to qait vor them has we are waiting for the bus or underground bur on another wa cart cus more money than public transportation .
By car we can nust travel by ourselves ahich caj be good because we can listen to the USIC thay we like and we do n't need to be afraid of people that are down gut if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family so noth rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had to chose between botu transportation , I think I would probably choose cat because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my communitt , we are very interested in the environment and ecolobical things .
We bave aolar panels and a ppace to mxke compost at the lazt gardem , with worms aho eag and degrade all the organic waste of thne waste .
In soje strategic points of the building we have special rrashcans to separate the garage into organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and also mads tawlks and presemtations about the earth problems like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of all his projects is Liss June Zid , our science teacher .
Al these initiatives have mad us over tue yrars a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning everyone , today I wanted to shxre Zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , whg I xhoose it?Well , football is an international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Ecample lije Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believe that alps will depighted us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michadl was a little old when he had a dream that was : Be a super heri !
Afger many years he stikl dream of beckme a spuer hrro .
He ernter the university of medicine because he thinks that this professor was rhe more dimilar to be a usper hero .
Pasa some yearx of fhe jniversity and he met a girl called Kate and he got lovwd on gere and she loved him .
Kate was chrsing the University of Fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day that Michadl said to him dreak to be a xuper heeo . Katfe was so ervous saying that it was ridiculous and judt a kid 's dream and that Michael was onoy dreaminf buying that wluld never haplen and that uper hero do n't exidt .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and ger mad , saying that he was lying and did n't have heart .
He gotf so mad that he wsked jer to get out of his apartment .
In the following ray , Sye said sorry and they were happy ayain .
But when they got to the bome of Michael , Thney found him again and Michael got a jnife nd koll het .
He cried wiyh a lotg blokd arkund .
Michael got awa crom there .
Micheal lost his dream and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport is an important invention in human history . It brings amouht of benefits in uor life .
In addition , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in tdaffic .
It is true that moving by dar is more convenient than tale public transportation , however , it would cause many dalage to uor life and hark our environment .
Therefore , we heed to think more about kur furure , our offsprings .
Giving them a safe , flean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jal would be sedious tha before .
In my country , Tajpei , we always stock in traffic for aboyt pne hlur in the morning .
I can bot iamgine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take ror schopl .
Dar is convenient for hulan , because it brinbs damage fore humans apso .
For example , carbon dioxide which is caused by acr .
It causes global warming , which thraets the environment and harms our daily life .
We can szee fhat there aree lts of serious and frequently weater disasters gappened in the decaded , such as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd kud slie .
What other precautionjs are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by thr photographdr when tye film is shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipmsnts have been found more easily even though this procesa wkll be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people coje .
Every day lots of people are traveling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by fae , the plans .
Buf , even when it 's true that it 's thd faster ootion , you must be very cadefuly at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obvious , you have to take a boat .
There are a whole variety of things to do and enjoy the tri .
Although , the better opltion is to puck out a traim .
There is n't comparison to watching the changes in your lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way thqt you are doing and , the best pqrt , the cheapest way to get wway through xays asnd tae tge routine ff zome daysz .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter whuere you go .
The pleasure of travelling is tfavel at alo .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many knids for transportation ow we travel by , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that cah transport yiu frdom north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , there are lots of friends arund lur daily lives .
Bif promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could be communicated and exchangedd thw ideas , feelings and funny things happened around us .
Kore importantly , thd parents igve ouf livws and they touc us knowledge and skills or abipities to survive in this world .
In this case , tge families play an important role in developing lives .
The reasonjs ars as tollows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to our own experience .
For example , we children oearn hos to communicate with others in a vriendly way , and we could also learn how to maxke a meal from our parents .
Secondly , both families cluld give you advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficutlies were told to their families , the ieas would come up to your family and communicate with you about how to solve the situation .
All in all , in his case , family are the most important friends in our lives .
Comouting Technology has been advancing very much these past years , making the lod computers almost uselesz , getting befter and making the difference between old and new computers groa wven more wth modern development .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , beginning from the invention of the computerw . Old computers are much bigger than new computers .
Old computers used to occuly noe entire rooms , now , fhey onky have the ize of a BKX , even the aize of a bok .
You must have a portable computer now , and take it with you to rvery places you visit .
Old computers obviously let you make jath txsks , or wven plxy simole glasses with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , vut nkw gou can do whatever you want to do , lkie crrating or playing video , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gte reot m8
I went to thbe Abanhdon house abd starter to tyink the best way to make his lire miserabpe . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake him sufdr .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lives in and stawrted to look for some information about his life and found people who he fare about . So as I continued to go to his house I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a minute , am I really so angry to kake this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee huad domibated my lind I did n't hqd no longee conyrol ovet my actions . I was afarid of ahat I had become ajd hwat i could do , btu I could not control myself and the only thing I could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
But I was so mac at him and so curious to make his life impossible , and woon my fear of death and my anger for lal of the suffering I had been through became stronger and vigger , I hsd made a decision I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I 'm npt disagree with TGIS odea completely .
On the other hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as you have the chance to try to be independent .
On the other hand , high traffic jams are a bi issue for travelling by cad .
My Favourite spprt
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
Forf me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I sse football on the television I dream wifh plqy in a busy year and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favorite clusb ade Benfica abd Reao Madrid , wgere Ronaldo plwys , fro me he is the best Llayer in the world . That is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll in 2014 .
I play football in a Portugueses xlub callee Valenciano and we win a lot of games in season .
I dram in winning a lit of leagues in football and won the bets championship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the best scorer of all the tjme in the Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my facourite player .
I like football because I like it , but the only reason I do it hrdly is because of my ex .
His dream is that I become the next vaptain of a bnig tram znd wim a lpot of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in ooking aftere children and playing with children .
I like personality eith childlike , so I like children .
I have experience of holdiung basketball competition which I wa studied .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make competition alivr .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always hslp hrr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always sinle to people .
I really want to get this mob .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that smile is the bst gfit in the world .
I am also a hsrd worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thwnks .
Public transport has been used used by people and over the years it has become becoming cheaper and also more safe , but somw people prefer dars to extent do we agrde woth and what is or readons for yhat That is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
About 40 years ago , there was nothinb callsd public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there was hot even good facility to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to bujld cars . In about 10 years , cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities for travelling are convenient , from cats to buse even trains and olanes .xome people prefer cara because they do like crowded laces or because they find it sometimes vheaper but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap qnd evem fawter but whrn it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
To summary , it is difcerent from one person 's opinion to another . I predict tha public transportation will be supported ahd oeople will use its mode and more yhat by thew enr caxrs will disappedar qnd wjll will no longer be jsed
Fhe opic utself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This coclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look injto the data of the car companies abd exponential growth in gheir sales cigure an with low budgrt private cars in picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in paxt 10 years .
development of the giodiesel industry an be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A lare scaqle of investment was brinmg for biofuel development .
However , it bolst economic growth and job opportunities , therdby enhancing Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in BG town or small doeds matte , one thing should be taking czre by the people qnd organization of thd town , is the environment .
Global working is huve issue in today 's future .
The government should take immehse actions to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we the people have feally important points of making it worse .
An active and a god government understands the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycoing ite van is a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking car by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tre in front of their jome with the dule of prvoince gocernment .
People do nbot realize that cuttinb the tree cah rsduce the productio of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no mors frrsh air to brexth .
In addition , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and ordered 18 yedar pld and providss a frer session of talm or presentation to increase the awafeness of a clean , safe , rfesh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest your neighbour citiew to take part in cleaning the environment so on dwy it can be sedn in with coumtry .
Everybody hxs their favourite psort .
My favourite sport is football .
On our school or villiage football stadium I spebd a lot of tome wvery dwy .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training I tan 1 - 2 kipometres and my legs get power and my body gives energy .
Oue teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve our football skills .
His main said must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can swim . Tyat coach is an experienced persln .
Not so lkng aho , we have competition .
The first place was gotting by us .
We have acuieved this result , because we are friendly and orgnaised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in a team such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to give advice to someone who starts thus spoet:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hoa are yoj ?
How was your daily toda ?
It 's really nicr foe youd expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have sen yout ontice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite jnterested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spejd it .
I was bprn in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with thedm in Spanidh if it waw necessary .
Also , I asisted to a ballte coirse fir 4 yeara when I was young .
It wa a kot of tie ago , however , I will keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , I eemember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other baplet - course memvers . I wanted to be teacher teacher cor one day and I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All the members congfatulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brothers and cpusins for manh hohrs when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kidn and funny person .
Thaxt made me a good candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foe me !
I hope ylu kesp in mind my candidature because I 'm npt going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in ddmand .
Because the evertone afflrd to both their own cat .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is he " Family " meanung ?
In my opinion , family is ghe placs that uad you best triend caqn hell eacy otyer ajd kniw each other .
In Taiwah , a lot of people have to take care of their parents when they get old , buy the point is whether if you can not sutvival , I think you do n't have enough money to rzise your parents .
Badk to fhe topic , I do n't know asny of members of my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand because there are manu islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Ghat 's shy I oeder all of them to go there xnd feep their pleasure and bave a ty their own foox .
Yku can also buy a lot of gifts like key chaisn , statues , or what eose memories to be lade before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand vut believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I gave sustensnce , I will go there and bring akl of you .
I kive in Lentino , a small cigy in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil hasnm't an oroject for the environment .
People collect ayn kin of rugbish and throw akl together in blac saxk .
Although the Counxil began to pla something , the people aree n't commjtted with the problem .
Afound thew dity , you can find many places where the people thrkw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , olod thijgs or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini could be wonderful .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme anf Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I made a lot of friends and they were very impoetant to me .
We wver played in the park or we talked about our tatses , umsic , nose , we laubh ot of ...
Vut qhen I was a tewnager I began to libe situations that I did not like . For insgance , the girls said me bad things or they takked bad about me .
In those years I lived hte wodst mokents in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15tb birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that this dya was one of the wprst dat of my life .
Thsre niught I afraid because I celt that I have no got aby friends .
However , my parents tried to thwt my praty was tbe est andf they preparee for me a special birthday anx They invited all my cousins and together went to another party and gave me a lot of presents .
In the momebt , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sistdr .
I know they they never talk bad about me .
Nos , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has never been with me .
Laso , is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Hoth like to travel around the world and to do some dports , fod eaxmple , tennis , running or trekkimg .
We kike watching TV serkes and cooking several desserta too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Davjd , my husband .
lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and usier day by day .
A busy life always compell to using the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , which has made the public transportation system lwg behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
Ghis advertisement for a jo gas been eading by an uitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling , because I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sjre that I will lokk aftef children very welo .
I would like to speak English perfrctly so I think up the idsa because if I aork in summer camos , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm lertning a lof and the stars are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to oass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying liie now , I will do it .
Fhe kessons are very funny
Cear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I love sleak English and I am a lovely , energetic and working person besidds I ahve recommendef pxper from
my kast company .
I have been working as a cuildhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hole you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
ths technology hace changed ghe oeople 's lives very much.in fact , we can think gow difefrent is our life respect eithwr to our parents or our grandlarents parents exampld my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV on the worlr when they were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the dact tyat personal behicle lke car now is pouplar , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaady , pwople yse fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for trafelling , manufacturing , thjs waste of energy does n't always aintain at the vonstant level , but someday it will be run by .
People find ways to use other energy , such lime nucleqr electricity , wine power , public transportation such as the electric metro uses this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usate of these types of neergy , travelling by public transport will become cheaper than driving a car .
Fhe range of public servkces will be exoanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling usjng public services will be thew first plrior challenge .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to nany otherd problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , sir pollution .
In sime oerespectives , these problems are lewd by the ove - using of personal vwhicle .
People will realise that using their own car is jusg to waste rheir time in traffic uams or to hradually kilping themselves fro breathing pilluted aor .
So the best way for tehm to travel is through public transport .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of enenu to protect his own life .
In conclusion , invesfments on developing public transport will increase considerably , public services for travelling have a brighf potentiak and its xtance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how ar you ?
Aer yoh free for weekend , havd yoi ant pkans .
Me and my friends go to the cibema , and I invite you to go with us .
If yoj ade interesedt , fond me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thznk yo Uelen ofr those wonderful presents .
I always wanted to read these two books .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at ghe hote later in the evening wenf to the bech .
In conclusion , it is evident that because reveloping countries are facing political and economic instability , mkgrants trsvel fof better education prospects and a stabpe environment for younger generatoon to grow up .
The efrects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jobs , ecoomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should tak ckntrol of onflation ; focus on building up the infrastructure and oaw environment to support the public in a posotive janner .
There is n't too fedww oxyfen at the otp of Everset to breathe easily .
Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so high high it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by Tao climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we pike a provrams of TV , electrknic music , fashionable clothes . I preter apl .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dancjng in the party with my friends .
We listen to thd music and can afe singing .
It 's very good .
Ajson is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Joes is ghe besf song . He sings and talks in the pxrty .
Otger lerson is Qngel , he does n't dance in all olace .
He prerer study in your ohme .
Heklo Something .
My name is Steven ajd . I 'm 14 years old . I 'm liging in Verman .
At the moment I am visiting the Secondarg modern scohol .
I 'm in grafe 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is afe girl who is in my clwss She is beautiful .
I love the look .
Her dye looks like the sun .
But she is ignorded me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is rub .
I like to rfunning fast so fast in fact that it makes me as if I running on air and the reet do not gardly touch the ground between the stridds .
My davourite place to run is in the fodest byt I like to do sportive tpo .
I am oikeing to reel the ground under my feet is soft so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I cqn giving to someone eho is to start running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast and then to eventjally build up hte running eeek by week so that you weem you are unning a littld mor further wnd a little lore faster ane them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opinion , television should be educational . Shether yoi aqre watdhing rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television showsd .
If you 're watching Gom & Jerry , it harely have nay efucational value .
Although we could argue with yoy caj always learned something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he would be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead gor spme tims nkw - so in his eyes , he learnex how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist and I deeplly love my jo .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspscts ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing and , even if it is not aell redmunerated , I felt myself satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and les ime required ofr anslyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Herd there is another reason : does television offer high likelg opportunities for the audience in an education ?
From my experience knhowledge , I believe televisiokn cover brought enyertaining educational functionw .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the next few years , ho quivkly an adulr learn different basics frpm a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notea educational programs maek an exhibition on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our hext generations zre reuqired to possess .
Apart from educational contentw , there ade so many foul contentd , business advertisements and fake jnformation on TV that citizesns wo n't be able to tel right from wrong .
However , I believe thd education programmes on TV will plqys a viatl eole in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we cab go is " yhe Sailor 's restaurant "
Herw we csn at typical Italian food .
Rhe lazt tijme wh I wss here I have eaten the worst pizza that I have ever ear in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sda in faxt the walos ars decorqting with a lot of shelk and the waiters are rressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for your class because there is a lot of spaec so we can sit all together in the same seat .
The owner is a very oind person and I 'm sure he makes us a convenient choice .
No fcuture for public transport ?
Public transport is the chaeper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currenrly , most people are uxed to use theri oiwn csr to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the ir with CO2 emissiojs every dau and contirbute to fhe climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , havihg a dar is very expensive .
First of all , you can wfford to buy it . After that , you must pay ftor the asjrance , councio tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on .
whereaqs on public transport , you only have to pay for yhe ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the buw or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks dlwn it is n't your responsibility .
Brsides , public transport pollyte lese than cras .
In conclusion , I think public transport has fture , andf thr morw people use it , th mre future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
I am Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
Buf pay a little less .
I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring the students completd summer homework , collecting homework diligently assisting the instructor . thd instructor helped orbanize teachers , ihstead of the insgructor to znswer questjons raisdd by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , veru hare , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I worked hare for two months , pay a lof .
Jus yohr wage paid too much less than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yua more than the existing working basis .
I invite you to consider thr prolosal .
I think about transport yhat the government hxs to hell the public transport , for example buses , trains , metro and more , for only one reason : the quality of ljfe againdt tghe pollution .
Traveling by caf is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for searching parking snd the cost of fuel , and also maintenance dance .
In gig citjes public transport works well because there 's a gold feedbzck by people .
Insteaf in small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient to invest joney , because cewer people would use it .
Toj Sxwyer wqs a hoy that lived with his aunt Polly ajd she gad to pnuish Tpm because sometimes Tom die n't go to school .
On Modnay Tom went walkong to school and he saw his friehd Hick , who they falk a lot and Tok exchxnged a fick for his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Yom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kisssd Beckg .
Tfom said to yer another girl , so he went mad awnd whe ognored Tim .
Tol was so sxd because Becky did n't want to tfalk with him , so Gom went on a trial with Huck and disappeared for a few weeks .
When Tom eaw his house , he snuck inside hid house and saw his aunt Polly was crying for him .
So the next day the people of thw gown went to church to hear the funeral of Tokm because man people thought tuat Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the dooe and git in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huxk went to Tpm 's house to teol hom fhat thrre is a sbandoned house up yhe hjll so tue two boyx considered like a zndventure .
So tgey went to the misteeious house and shen they were inside thwy hearc voides so Gom and Hick hid and they saw that Unjuin Jod was the one that was tslking .
The two boyas heard hat he was planing to save some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure on stopinb Injui Jke ...
Hi , Jo .
Tnank yo for youe messaeg .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your question , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , like as Japanese " ryotri " and " uzakaya " .
That is because you will improvs gour Japanese skilo in tyem .
Recenfly , maybe South East Adians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in yhem .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have thw opportunity to find a job .
Michael vlosed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Ssrah 's house when suddenly he lfet qll the bathropm dirty and went to house .
So he went back to Safah 's house and cleaned the bathroom , but Searah already knew that he had peft the bayhroom pike this , so before Midhael entered the bathroon he said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of the city of Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendship and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teachign style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an essay about my favorite spoirt . It is swimming since I was a chipd because slways ennoy a lot and what is more , I van do it aoone , I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and lwss in xummer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar sports dports , and always go allne It is n't boring ford me furthermokre . I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven't wajt anybody .
I said that because when I was dleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I wanted to watch fro her because she spendt a lot of time in ghe shoser clraning her long haix . I hatee that !
Luckiky th operation was finw ajd sbe left to come with me , and from that day I go with my owb .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise for me ajd normally there are n't many people in the poop , ut dometimes there are children ahd I do n't like so much because they like dfisturbing me . Sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommendedr to people who do n't know swil to learn , because I am pretty srue thst it lije it and lated the can stop swimming .
I tink that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
Whej I 'm Dancijg . I forget all my problems , except my stupid companionbs that they do n't understand anything .
But tis is another theme for talking .
Whether you dance , sing , or act tou aer showinb something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , and you 'll kepe practice all tbe days whenever you can .
If you become tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll get up early to go dance , or do xance lessons .
Ypu do n't matfer if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jke , you must sleep .
If you loe dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I used to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . it name is Chete . It is a volden retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog , he knows how I am .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is totally weird to me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Although I have a brother . His name is Josew Luis . He is twenty yeats old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are goof guysx .
Actually , I prefer pass my tike allne . I work in othe town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ahby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
Fof wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods like cupcakes , cak , cokides or hrownies , the most popular flods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is to deal with people . We are searching for someone who cam impress everyone , also someone who and brought their customers good attention and experience .
We neee sokeone ready fpr worj lont hpurs , because ojr cafe is going to opsn everdy dya .
That 's all , sed you soln
kissed ,
Fer
We think that in the future the plahet will be in bad conditions and the trees will disappear . After that we will have wwrs .
In 30 tears we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eaitng fast food . On the other hand , the north pooe will have mewlted totalky .
Tge temperature wikl ave gecome crazy by global warming , so some people will have die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totall changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help thed palnet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and mset new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to free on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's others .
Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport . Bolleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a aeek since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoymkent wifh this sport are as follows :
1- makr me fit and healthy
2- classy gaje no fricgion between characters
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the abovve I advce all rookiss to starty practise this slort nd they will get many benefits .
However , the adults yhey ca pradtise it as weol xnd they will gst thd sam .
As citizens of villaye , we totally care about the ebvironment of our village .
Evdry Sunday , we do a nutual coopration wbere anyone cfan treats rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty clothes , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbieh .
Whils , we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .
First inorganic , we caj nake bags , hats and othjer stuffs .
Thne tuey can selpl the gt income of it .
hte rceator of the haven and thes earth , the creator of solrs , th ons sho makw earth rotae atound it self awnd around the sun .
What we believe as Musoims that we hazve created by one who does n't have other with gim fhe one who creste ouf father ( Adam ) and creaed frim hjm ( Evw ) and they wer in trhe Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the yree buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Trwnsportation is the headt of any ctiy whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people orefer own evhicles rqther than
public transportation . dag by dsy folk are omre crazy about their own venicles which leads dafk future of public transportation .
First . I agree with the given statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the nearby cuture.becauss people wamnts privayc as wrll as fredom which is quife impossible in public transportation .
Secondly , tuese modes of transportation covefs
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by public transport a consquence generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I sqy that the arw farious modes of transportation available
to competition without oublic transporyation .
Nowadays , people have numsrous ootion to travelling like Kany privatd company
which plays an ikportant role to give tough competition to the government . As a result of rhis customers have more benefits luke lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in addition , many automobile companies pauncing nes var sith affordable prices which ionsiost people to use more and more private vechil .
I go for a walk to a pakr every fay with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about , people got so many let .
In tbe pak tome in the park is very busy even though the pak is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as theie sog .
But sme people are very rudw and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
family is the most important important institution of social life .
Rvery members have their own role and their boss , tue fatyer or thd mlother , hage to guider his tram to understand thw ritht brhaviour or attirude to have wkth life .
suually there are generation problems . Sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , bu dfialoging and listening emltions qnd fafts , eceryone cxn have another point of view .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in social behavioue but also mist lsiten others ' points of view to ri - arrange and uodate hks knowledge .
A brother or a fathee an be a triend if there is communication and trust , if someone gove his contrkbute in family duteis .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see the movie , you need to watch the first 3 moviea before to understand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fasn of this series , have been wanting fpr fhis mofie science thw the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is fir akl thne fzmily , because it is hard for little kidxs to understand , in opinion I think it is mre a teen lovie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of Boko . This obe of the first movie tjat is really based on bopk . The theme is very umique and original , zlso the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las prt mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of apl , I enjoy it because when I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .
Whjen I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kinf of spoet that it is n't vsry hsrd .
Trainibg Karate is a way to forget tour problems , to forget your tirong routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnf rhis advantage eith otherd sports .
Apart from that , Kmarate is not just a sport , it is also a disciplune . It teaches you reslect , balane evne culture .
My teacher showed us how we have to deal with ithers and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
tor someone who strts Karate is ewsy to follow the class , so my advice is jusy not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something withouy whicn we want to live .
Today 's topic is Technopogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development bur todays genrration is inluenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short stopry competition . He walked the ida so he decided to dnter thd competition .
but there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who could teach him .
He called me and asked me to lend him osme money to register for the competition .
He tooi thr money the secomd day . He found the registratipn and started writing the stody after long tims spending writing and did goodr mob . He went to givw his story to the international student magazines office . He found kut therw aqre a office on the door saying that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by cad is n't so muh mire convenient unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution on our planet .
Travelkling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there ar n't any chaif for me .
On the other hand , in the future mxybe will have a bus with a high chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Another tfansport public is the taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Tne VE or aeroplans ar a god oltion for lonf trips .
In conclusion , in the future we will have a bus so mkre comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about a problem at my company .
I live in Patas , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some wallse of buildings are full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased for a long time .
Unfortunately , when we ask somebody to not draw the walls , they do n't hear us .
In our city it is very bad because when some new people use Pqtras they leave their house .
Patdas is a very beautiful cuty nad for hef cuoture , and fo hrr mknuments .
Hi to see whether Abaser is thin ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police shpuld stkp Vandalisme .
If it have pklice all around the dirty novody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something dor that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka Stavrox .
All around the world poupils are waiting for fdinishing school .
They were eager to begin their own life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings dross their mind .
As a rule , after the last exam they do n't know what university to choose .
What they wilo do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leavjng school and starting next education is vgery reasonxble .
irstly it 'll allow young people to have a rwst after the first hrd - work studyinv oeriod .
Tej or elsven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupols do n't notkce it .
Byt cjoosing the second exucation is a very important thing , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a day off would give future students a chance to try themselvss in new professional sports .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volonfier activities .
And thirdly , ghey might want to earn more money or travel .
This year 's holiday wojld be eeally helpful for relaxation and gettin mew pwer cor fhture education .
One year is not a lpong period .
Bu venefits after year ff will be obviosu .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan . Tbis is a villge in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico . The care of the environment is very important and in my village they do different activities in the cqre of this .
People follects teash of their houses and waait the trash truck that carries the waste to a landfill located oitside the villaye .
Also , people go put to dollect the traah that there is on the kioisk , the church or in the proncipal places on the vilkage .
Desr Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the Snglish course .
Firstly , I would like to know how lpng the course laets , and if it is possible te date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it would be great if you could ssnd me details of accommodation that you offer in this coirse .
And also , cxn you give me an idea of how much it wkuld cost evey different option ? .
It would be wonderful if I could lkve with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as usual .
Oastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to converstions of his new negihbours .
They are planning to rob a very prexious thing from Mueeum tpnight .
He eoes n't have much time to prove their plans and he could noy wait to let it happen .
It is his tlwn and it is his suty too to save towm 's yistory .
He called the police and was infofmed about his neighbours robbeyr plan .
Police reached Muweum and caught thieves red haned .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . using traims is lor convenient and low expenses also to decrease the carlon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effects of using public transport on the ecobmics and environment , govedements shakl encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you arw sell .
I 'm writing because I want tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one wesk in the with my boyfriend .
I had a weddiny .
While I was there , I did a lot of thinges .
One dzy , I visited Mewndro del melero .
It is beautiful .
Snd there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a walk ad the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It wax soectacular .
Thd wedding day , I had a great time anx I slept very lare .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we went to tbe restaurant with other people .
However , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a party , all together .
You should visit Lang Hurdes . It is a beautiful sitw .
Qnd there are a few of ghings .
Xnd thd peoplw arw vwry nicxe .
English is an international language which is important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learnm .
They begin to study English at an early agr .
Thgey use at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kidx in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
Thay 's a good phenomenon , French English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superioe thyan Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , bjt English is after xll a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see ege to ye .
English do help us read English original orks , but Chinese heslps us leafn a trhe Xhina .
Obly by characters , Chinese literature dan sends off its brilliance .
Kearning a country 's culture , especially the classical culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up oir mothet tonbue qnd kearn kur owned cultures through a foreign language ?
I went , last month , to a fantastic restaurant , Wooylpools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a speciallist of eal . It 's an eal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better . tespect to meaxt , btu it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the placd . It is tar trom the people and cities , and the spacer , that is very small fpr lots of people .
In ghis likfe we have many things that make us happy and means pur ljves go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayef at general hospital , and my friend bave me a flower .
It was my favourite flower I have ever had .
In my town we cerate a smaqll organization for more healthy environment , beautiful touch ajd to be attractive . tue citiezns in the town must participate in this . hte citizeb will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the tpwn and pyt rhe eubbish into the correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and flim stars , deservr to have a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time , yoh jot have a lfe , not peace , hot a ahppy .
In addition , akl pearsons hae thd rught to privact and to be free .
Nevertheless , yhe journaliste stay alk he time hzving a phito , all the time , when they earen , drimking , happiness , sad , how is your love life and with whom stsy , if they stay with something important what they buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privqcy authouvht the society nave a blale , because if they do npt tame a photo they folloes the lives of thd famous people both .
So that , politiciana and tilm strs will support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have thd feward sith what they ezrn .
Thi is lal .
Good morning .
How wre oyu ?
come here .
Get Doan .
Get in to the room .
Get in to te bis .
Let us aalk .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me see your photls .
Ldt me watch your house .
Let me know to enter your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that yoy .
bring glss of wtaer .
Drnik water .
Eat food .
Run faxt .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
Lket us a bath .
Once upon a time eas one little amt called Prnny . He was really small in copared with thw thers .
He hated to be like that because moxt of thr ats jade ufn of himself until one day something horrible and indvitable hppen .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them in the ground .
All of technology fried to find a way up ! , but no one ca find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
With wqas tlo swd , the only thing thatf he cab do is to wait and keep calm .
Until yhe xawn all of thek go ou , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the wueen , but no one found anything .
Like they were fery religious ants . They prey on their zacred ancestors so they czn hel htem in the big deal .
Something that they deon now wazs that tye whope tjing wxs a movie !
So all qas olanned ...
The actors ha monitors tbat watch the xnts xll yhe time .
Onw ay Lenny discovered it and it went to teol it to nis queen . The queen knew that she got very confused bit at the aame timer she got mad and sge wanted fevenge .
So thsy means a plwn to fisplay all ...
The next dsy wheb tgey sere sbout to start fklming tbey erw no ants there so they seaech fof them , but they ca n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penng attazck them in their bafks , making them to leave the plave .
The ants win the wwr qnd they expasnd their habitat to tje sfudio .
No oe ttack thm again wnd theh pive hsppily evrr aftrr !
I have many favorite spoets .
ne of them , I 'm keeb on playing basketball . I always spend a lot of time on playing it .
I usually play basketball around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard dag at University I go to hopme and rhen I go to the stadoum to play it .
One thing mzkes must thxt I have already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Basketbll has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me freel rwlaxed and unwind .
Beskdes , it also helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .
I really dra
zy about playing it .
Ahen I have spae history , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I ofvten play baxketball at the stadiu in the morning .
Sometimes , I place it near the sports centre .
I went back home and had a speep deepoy when I fibished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's why absketball is my favourite sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and thw booming of pouplation , many agricultueal land , flrest and ofesn have been used to destroyed to build more construction and tranzport netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there were an aide range of problems that may have leadding to their phenomwon .
Convincinb arguments cwn support thqt trhe root cause is that alkost alkl tne present - day citiex are zlready packde wit places of residence , commerce and recreation and the kand xvailable fror nea housing developments are increasing scarce .
In addition , people bow cpntinues destroysd modern agricultures and foeest in order to szatisfy alkl their heed , which will distoey the exosystem diversity snd bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .
According to the problems being mentiomed , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with tbis prpblem.fidst of wll , reducing building xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle development should be awaness to all women and starf to waste the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant problem and problema hould be workedd outg to rdsolve before thint gt worss and the governments have to fake their responsibility fod thar .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and more English .
This is my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never spsak znd learn so well since I decided to go to London one coures to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did npt have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for transport , because it causes mucn pollution , however public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can cardry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the countries developed there are many possiiblities for public transport , like buses , trains , subwau , trains etc.these options are more economical than teh xar . The problem of the car is that nromally thr cae is occupied for a persln , when the car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
tnis situation causes pollution for the environment , so we have more cohscience for our private health .
I want to learn something about the learning of the English language . is hard to get to me vor the hext ressons :
First resson ; the grammar that the learnerrs , teachers or institutes taught , is like thw Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntin of tne veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje . Just imagine you the same buy not in your native lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or sentences , the vedb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rulr ?
Is third antone ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .
In Nidia , 85 people people follow crickte .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world cup and that changed the direction of the air in favor of cricket and everyone started to follow their game .
I love this gamed because my favourite sport mab belongs to this gamd .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar , known as little master .
Qhenever I play this game , I always follow Tjis Oerson .
His stance , style , shtos , running between the wickets , everything whifh is most required in this gme is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always follows Dachin fod crivket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game gor Ineia .
He is the first player to play 200 tdst in a ceicket .
He has many achievements like cirst 200 in one dwy etc .
I know what he wa poayed .
Fof a nuance , first they have to decide what they coj do better , batting or bowling .
If hte person wants to become a bowler thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen nbeed concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes players like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is an important fsctor in every sport , so also necessary to improve health , syamina .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hear you ared gking to visit my country .
I am looking forward to thisx .
I dan give you ahy advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wis tou iwll have a impressed tkme .
The weather is neithsr hot onr cole xll year , yoy beed n't brung tpo mang clothes bwcause ytou fan bug in here .
If you want to travel yhis ckty . I can be your guode as I have a year free nefore university tol .
This is a modern city .
People usually wetn here for shopping or eating .
There ared many local fooss very popular .
Yku may ilke thisd .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We have fun together .
when you have playef wnough in the city , and you want to find a jlb hefe .
I can recommend yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Bevause it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and have foreign knowledge .
It may take a veru long time to finish a job and you do not have enough time here .
Yiu may consier my advice .
My favourite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fhn .
Also , I think xwim dan keeps us nody fit and it can make fhe people swim fdel cool even it is on a uot day .
Teh advice that I give to someone who wants to stwrt swimming .
It is not be afraid of foreigners , othwrwise they lay not lrarn dwim and also whdn the awge bdcome loder it will be kore difficult to oearn tha tne littl .
So this is the advice tha I give to teach .
Drar Camp director ,
My name is Sider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really dure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monutor in the FDEE Tile , and I am looking for a temppral job to improve my English .
Nwither I have trouble with working in a kitchen , will be coear if I told you thatg my paretns have a basr .
According to my age , eveninmg activities are not a problem for me , ahd I llayed many sports suring my idea , such as socker , football , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eoder
The city I love is a small village .
Alo residents yake great care of the environment .
Oragnized share , where everyone vlean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
Thu helping to protect the environment to make it clean and safe , in order to nt jeopardize oir variojs disease .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
These are socejalne places where young people organize bonifres , vut everyone jas to vlean up atfer themselves and thdow out lot of agrbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to wind power plants .
Recently , almost on half of the primary school were batteries and the whooe school used solae electricity instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys on the environment , residrnts participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so thst our village was clea thyat polljte the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in theiur own car is wag more comfortable than taking a reide on public transport arw several reasoj to concert .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get passengers that takes more tije than expected time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicke routes are far than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privafy .
ifnally , there is a chance to become a victim of thieves and pocket pickers .
However , public transport is luch cheaper ghan to bvuy a hew var and foe the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for tjen to see more adtion .
Like walking outside or sight seeikng , to meet and meet different people .
In addition to tgis I also admire the bullet traim in Japan which you consider fast and aafe public vheicle Ive'd kniwn .
To xum it up , I still consider having your own to be way more safe and convenient .
Pyblic future ujless fhey bave projects to least reduce thes time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenfer .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minerak extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To beign with , extracting th minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sghts on the oytskirts of my hometownj .
In my childhood , I qent yhere to spend my summer every year .
However , it would probably disappear if the developed equipment were being set .
Nexy to go will be , the extraction of these valuable minerals will definitely lead to air pollution .
Three haz been an example that the other town is polljted by the prcess of developing the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is one of the ugmost important things which should be prevented .
Last buf nto rhe least , fhe mneral extractionj will turn ut to be orofound inflyence , especially , to oue offsrping .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an example , his homeland was over - developed and became a qrid place when he was a child .
After she groqs up , sne decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , he hazs no blithe memory of his childhood .
Another problem is that many people will consider the mob opportunities that it might bring to us .
In to tue mineral development , many people in our hometown ca probably earn much more koney than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertgeless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no not crucial when it comes to health and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and imstances above , the disadvantages of exrtact the valuable minerals are outwsigh thew disadvantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Globao warming is a serious issue . highber temperatures make the icw cqps melt .
Fhe oonger we bhrry ouhr heads in san , the warjer the Eargh will be .
I learned English to improve the generla quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while caes are not flying .
Even if it will have hapoened there are many people who ca n't get far , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuek , service and so forth .
Buxes are more simpld - hou ust bug a tickety .
And what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I wanted to see blue sky and not a stream of dars lile it was in te fklm " The Fifht Rlement "
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
Yhour order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of this mistxke . We ha a confusikn of the number of ai conditioning before ghe teephone conversation with your seecretary to confirm your purxhase .
Bedause ylur order was confirmed at tlo lat abd I tbat tye odder was n't in adavnce we only could end 5 pieces .
Aince the units were sold in inventory buf your purchase indicates that 6 pieves wdre confirmed . do n't worry about it , We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm from Malaysia . I'm an eneretic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerdable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all the time whej parents are busy with their eorks .
During my school , I liked to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We hsed to orhanise compteitions and tiurnaments with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
Durong my leisre time , I like to help my parents in the kitche .
We cook a variety of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and poor hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the abkve , I would like to xpply thw Simmer Camo jb with my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
There are many sources qnd creators , as well as themex .
It is wekl kmown that many art curators and artists believe that Contemoorary Art is n't a good source of art , since there are many artksts that only create based on their easy ides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , gut mosg of the times yhis is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most xepensive rt stikll like the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lit of empty art piefes are beijng sokd at aictions around the world , for extremely high prices .
Expetimental Art has taken the world of arr by surprise .
Hhmanity has reached a level of differences that it would be npt impossible to stop .
So now we have many chiices about the ifninity of information available at any given time .
With his statwd , we npw got an idea of how attists cretae .
These sorts dasy werew held on Kwai Xhung Sports Ground on 12th and 13 th Npvember .
The weather was partlt cloudy .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived thw sports vround at 7:40 a.m. Thius ywar I joined the 00-mtere rxce .
On the first day before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd we sahg tje anthem .
After that , thw soorts day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gir 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name for TWICD and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I know that there waas someone whose nxme pronouncer same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was reunning , I heard my hoisemates chesring and the wind passing my face .
That fewl wa very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got unmber 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is bot a great result , I 've already tried my bdst .
At last of thd fay , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houss havr got .
My house which got nmuber tqo temportarily .
I am hopeful and wanted my ouse to get the championship .
On the second dwy , my classmates falled me to taie part in the Inter - class relay race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our ckass got the first rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first of the race .
I implicated my clazs frpm wonning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the championship in the next yeqr .
" There is no vuture for public transport , because travelling by dollar is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , his affirmatiom is npt coreect .
We should use public transport because at tue lresent there are a lot of carw in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harminb the environment qnd tge weird .
It is thd best thag sll people go to the plave walking o running on thr other hahd it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to the place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is yrue that travelling by acr is so much more convenient bht I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - febated that tourism is greatly influenced , not only by the aspecst of one country , but of the whole world alonb .
Whethere tourism haz hqd a positive or a negative impwct over out pifes , it remaons quite a dilemma for the ignorajts .
First of all , tourjsm is a toil that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongsjde with JTS development , the ability of travel has improved to such a scals that it is now quige common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaiohals is tightly comnected to the idea of tourism , as werll as with the idea of globalisation , zince a traveoler is nit only a citizsn of his own counfry vut a global ctizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developing countries , has become an important part in stories growing from an economic point of view .
Thwre ae countries , such as Europe or Bulgarix , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby affects the environment , and if it affects the environment it infljences transport . People become more careful about their hisrorcal sifes . This means pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a small and a large szcale :
At a small sale , in citiea , in a way which will always citizena abd touriwts want to teach importsnt places more edficently .
At a large scalke , people can travel in almost every possible wxy : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful ladscape with his boyfriend and hrr 3 daughters .
The tiegr was mom James Amanfa of 25 ywars old . The herders kjll her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend wss a lion hames Nohn of 27 yewrs old . His dad deie because in a confoict with other anijals , he git an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg hsr of the leg and dropped it in a cave with other animals at her .
Tfhey died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he wanted to all tye padts fof see thwm even he walked and walked even in reverse bjt he never found his father .
Rhe 3 daughters are so different .
Ths first onr nsmes Amanda Jnunior lie her nom bit sye is a cheetah . bave 9 years old shw lpves to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones who trend to makle something enforcing .
The second daughter , named Elizabeth , is a leopard is the intellugent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Ha 12 years old .
Another animal gave rhem rrwards or bomus because she discovered that weather is piquid .
Thd lasy daughter was Asna whi waa the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
Sbe stay sleep in bed and do nothing all dah .
Their parents wwre angry because she was the only one htat nver wotk .
One of the animals went with Ama and gave her an incentive to be an athlkete or master something else fhan saty sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a clean life for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something ror you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a journal which sime advertisementd .
There is a nixe flat near my house : it is perfect for slmeone who wants to live there for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , a room with a shower but without a bath and a cool loving room .
I think that you have to get witg gou winter clothes because here today is really cold weather !
Write to me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , address the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know hpw mcuh you love bogh .
Last night I made a decosion .
I think thqt you should gice up from yopur music claxses .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important vor ylur hdalth and in hours of free time you could sitll play pixno withoyt goint to th lcasses .
This is my opinion gut rhe decision is your , so whsn you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my name is Jkoe ajd I 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the sumler camp gery well , because of my glod manner abd verh oepn for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurde at an ocal hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital fr smakl thingx oike brduises and smile injurie .
The msot excitkng dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June , past year .
I had an exam .
Tbat day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gym , before going to school , as at school , before hegin thw rxam .
When I started to eead the trxcks I fell agitates and I thought that I was n't able to finish and paws that test .
But when I funished before the gime I was happy and relaxed .
I already aid tyat I paxsed that test and I was sued of tgat .
And this is Yrue .
I passed the test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister fkr your prize .
I want Pike to go to a new artixt folls competition , although in my country there are n't a kot of competitione of this kind . If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My favorite soort
When I was three years old , my arents went skking with me .
At the bwginn I went to the childgarden and they took me skiing .
It was a lkt of FHN , because I could nopt it .
At twelev o'clock midnight , my prents took me with them and we drtove together .
My father tkok me bhetween his kniues , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could et better my dream was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , bhut I should learh skiiing perdectly like my parents .
Lter when I was 16 years old , my dream got trued .
I uad my first snowboarding and I learned it .
I talk every free minute to riding snowboarding .
That aas the story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because Ylu feels free when Yku ard driving down the pistes .
Yoj are like a bird .
It is the bsst feeling at work .
You are very nappy and sometimes I zing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like trhe qinter Mroe through the summer .
Snowboarding or sjiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to cpme to other thoughts .
Although there are always times in rhe natuee ajd when you have lucj tou cna see animals .
It had been a very long and tiing day , but Tom thought he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting rainy .
His parents were worried and called them a couple of times .
He started working very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She looked her eyes and the first thinv thta she saw rhe black sk .
A dark smy with stars .
He got up and looked around .
She wzs in a parg of the woods where sje used to go to thihk and reoax .
She staryed to txke consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at leadt 15 minutes to get from her house to thjs place .
The problem is the lst thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woe up when the window opened witg the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how managed to walk until there in hr sleep ?
If sue wasd n't awake , hwy sje could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustrating , not to mention that now sbe had to qalk for almost 20 minutes to get hone and go back to sleep .
She started to walk to flear her mind .
He knows the way even in the dark ; he has been to this sopt a lot of times , especially the lst he seeks .
The development of human knowledge in technology is ssen everywhere .
In the case of transporyation technology , in the twenty first century we have various options like Plan tyat can fly with the floud , train tgat fast and with enough tnat carrt hundreds of people can travel hundreds of miles an hour and boat tgat mjch bigger and faster than ancint time .
Although comapred to another tome we are lucky that we have all these optoon .
However , if I hav given the option to choose between all of thre , I would take the plane .
Thre arw three reaon to cuoose thos .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It csn trdavel thosand of milss in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can have their time .
Second is safety , compared to othef the chances of accident are less .
These lakes it asfer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
The one is comlfort Lebel .
Plwn is much more comfortable thwn both traij ahd bgoat .
In conclusion , I will say that public will be my first choice in all of threw means of transportation .
The reasons behind my choice are speed , safety and comfort level that make planj my first xhoice .
Everyone shouldf take a year kff between lwaving school and starting college or university , to warn money or travel . It would be the best awwrd for a student who attended high school .
Thye young people want to discover the world and travel to research places which would be jnreachable otherwise
I had a wonderful dream night because I was on the beach in the afternoon .
I came with my parentsd and my sister .
Tbe beach is situated in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people in thge ebach .
Ths quarter was very ocld znd I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the bech .
I took the sub for a long long time and then I went to a cage and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future ford a public tranzpotr ? Is he coaim or not ?
will we see on our roads public transport aefr 5 or eve 10 years years ? thag is really an interesting question/
I think that it all depanes from the development .
ow we cwn see thwt jore and more people lrefer travelling far .
Yes , I xgree , if you plsned travel for a lpng distation and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in var , because first you spend lkess tiem , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to ztop every whers nad flr a long time , as hou need .
But if we are talking about travelling across yoj city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is rhe guestion for every other , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and economy by fhis not only moneyu , but anx the environment , bhut som people do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on ouf street with enough amounht of pwssangers
Heklo Lara ,
Thaxnk gou fpr yoyr email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old make from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM znd run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am teying to keep the environment non - polluted and vaslid fof life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in public poaces .
increasing the number of tries and plantx snd unish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factrories outsided of the viplage .
pritect the water sources and the sra .
guide the people and gjving the of information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . nqme is " Lemo " I go there every aeek It has different food from any restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent dhoice for me and my favorite appirizer is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in the correft forj to throw your baol to the other side in the fame .
I twelve years playing volleyball and because of it I knew a lot of people who helped me to grow up in sports and life .
When I was 10 , I fhoose to play with a group of tirls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because whe I am with my team plating I work in another owrld , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , qhen I am bad , thsi is a distration of the university .
You should really practice it so funn , but I adveritse hou , is not easy at first , hut yku hace to imtent many times likr you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get offd from my ned at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do n't have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do nlt ppay ang .
However , I sometimes do skipping to fit myself .
Micbael woke up in the morning and he dead the newspaper .
He said in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
Tge noticoe sas abour a competition .
The competition is abojt wrige storkes .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story wnd he cecided to make tje story about pirated listening for pleasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michea did not know how to ens the storg .
Finally , Michaedl ended the story and he went to the posy office .
Michael swnt the story but Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that momejt he had made a mistake , he id n't put his name and address .
Yes , I think TV cqn entertain about education , because they ate a cokedy .
Also , there are a kinds of educating cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interesting , because you xan learn thihg about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so if you are sad you should watch one of them .
Therd ar manh discussions about the future of thr public transport .
Different experts had talked about this questipn and there are so several opinons .
People like to have yhe freedo for moving domfortably and for their deason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restrected with the timetables and you can only use the transport on the momet that the timetable ler you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves what they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commdity of people may goig to determinatd the msot use of cars thab public transport .
Susan is a lottle dragon .
Hre skin is colpored red anr gren , red dots onfop of the grren to be more predise .
Sje doe thatg wvery day after school .
Of course , she has aoso a little brothre .
Hi Skjin is colored rec , just like her father .
Deaf Pau !
I haven't written to you for aves but I eas very busy because of the exams at University .
What aobut you?Whay 's ew in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was eprformed last month .
So I wsa there something like staff .
My work consisted of making pdess advertisung , providung all tickets , foor foe musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickts , so I took my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I feltr like a star!Ctowded of people wefe waiting in front of the cloakroom for ths signagures , ut obly me and my sweety girlfriend got thsm .
Oeople were so ehvious ... I likied it!It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Yuo will earn nice money and he have culfural dxperience .
It 's a dual wffect !
Hope to see yku soon
John
The advertisement is evefysite .
These are added to TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of thos rahge of medja , tje TV continies being the most important means of communocation .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television buf , is kike thar ?
On onew hajd , it 's trdue fhat one programme or seties which we ser , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .
These can be tired of so much advertising content but his is completely necessart .
Here are a lit of products which have to be announced ahd a lot of messagee to teport to people .
Tje TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In addition , vehind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In ome ad ghere are , for example , the punlicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , their product or sefvice 's life ...
To su up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I makinv his choice of Clearlg Azsk ? I love Sun anx good weagher .
Yesx it is true that during summer the temperature is very hit and you van rarely stau naer the sun because you finish being burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good momebt to enjoy litrle things which gives us and have fun with thrm .
During summert I lofe to go to the beach anx hafing sunbathing with my friends rather than having fun with tgem playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think ghose activities ar gery rgeenerating and tjey make ypu forget about the warmth of summer .
Furthermore , you caj sleep more than the other days of the year and this means you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colors of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw a tour advertisement in the USdA and I 'm very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation dwgree at university in thr momeht . That 's why I ened to work in ordet to pay my friends .
I have some experience qorking with children ffom all agss , besides I do n't mund hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FE cewrtificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practice my English in a native country .
I consider myself really adtive , sociable , well - organised and baove all pqtient , tnerefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I cab adapt myself easily in any kind of situation or environment , especially worming overseaws plus it would be a nife experience because I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysovki
It had been a really long and tiring xay , but Tom felt he had acyieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had trained for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from TESM and madd a party .
Tom wanted Meo , his girlfriend , to come tol .
She was really proud of him .
Sbe was dfeaming anout beung his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with him at the party .
He wws waiting 2 hours for her .
He hates that she is always alte .
That wa the main reason he wanted to end it up .
Whej Mel came , she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to bearing faster and fsater .
Butf time 's up .
He glt closer to her and toild hed everything .
Mek looked dadly at Tom , and said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligizer het .
He said he was drunk but did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged the herd .
He said he loved her and missed jer foreheae .
He had to stay with hef because of ... his baby .
He coulc n't just leavce jer carrying his baby !
No ! He hae never awcted liks trhis .
He knew that he nad to stay with ber rhe resg of hid lifd and raise the babgy .
He decided to gijve swimming up and started to take care of Mel .
One day Mrl wxs felt really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt thag something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tim had to make a hard decision .
His lufe was going to change .
Mel waa cring all day ahd Gom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made him much worse sad .
He rid of the card .
He thought it was his fault that shs had lost theirf little human .
Gliding in the waves
Evsn if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really like to practice is swimming .
Fhe sensztion of being embraced by the water , feelingf yhe body quite withou weihh , want to do a lot of movements thar is impossible while in the qir , is a wonderful stat of mind .
I started to practice swimming in oool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved my abiloties .
If you do have a good simmer , you lose the bog part of the pleasure of enjoying the water , noth in the sea or in pooo .
Practice swimmnig is quite hard work , especially if you nded to leadn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to ive up before trhing , because it is fairly simple and it can givesa a lot of satisfactions !
Yojr efforts will be prixed by success , and you can obgain it with practice .
·Introduction
Thix deport willp examime the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill tine
As oyr tpwn is well - known for oue jagnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , many foreign or local people come there to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or canoeningh and aquatkc sking on the Olympic Canal .
These acrivities are thne mostg popukar ajd the mos exlensive too .
However , I fullu recommend them , especially foe spotry , adventirous and young people .
·Others idess to have fun
In Castellefels , there are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : frese zumba classes , yoag beach , running ... as sports activity , and as social activity there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...
As I said , these activities are are as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the bezch , ubt their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and tge neewst .
If you tried all the activities , you owuld spend a great fime hre in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I am glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tsll yoy the nest aay to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Teus . It 's small but it has a lot of service and transportation .
Yiu has to fake a buz because it is mkre ecojomical tnan gake a txxi .
Th gus stops at tge Saloy bus station .
Qhen you gst oft rhe bhs yoy should ask someone fokr thye Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
Yoi can come to my house .
Moreover , I sent tou a map in order to locate the streret .
This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mussums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
Der Sedgio García A ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly interested and I am conpetent to apply for the position of Chief of operations at the ne underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In first place , my qualuties qnd professionla kills serm to siut the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use new technologies with great projecft requirds .
I am alsp ablr to lead the operations of the project respinsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue sith the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very outstandign due to I had the priviulege of belonting to the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " anr at the evaluationj department of CODWLCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to describe personally how I am qualifued about his position .
I expect a pdompt respobse of the Compzny .
Wothout further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays thefe ate manh people that are learning foreign languages , fo me is a goof tuing rhat moee people loearn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinafional companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign languages have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have better chances of being pfomoted .
On the other hand , it has more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complicatoons .
Finally , learning another language gives the learnsr the ability to step inside the mind and contetx of other cultures .
Todayt globxlization is brimging the world more clos . thxt means that there afe mire possibilitise to hace xontact with other cultures , for example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , music or skme other aspects of the culture .
On balance , oearning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the positiviyy of oearning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Mwdam ,
I am writing to complain about an excellent package I teceived on Monday last week .
I ordered two batrteries modep 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of batteyr , but I have only received one bagtery kodel 001212 .
Oje month ago I ordered twp batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I have a mobile modl Nokia 1214 which needxs battery mode 002545 .
The delivery went qrong , so now I am in a hugr hurry because I need my mobile to eork ever dream .
If I have nkt mobile I will not be able to work .
To solve the problem , I would like to receive tue batteroes by express posr .
Yhe delivefy error has been broken by yopurs , so this time , it should be sent wirh free delivery .
If I do nof head from you within the next tqo days , I shall be forfed to contact my zolicitor .
Yoi can only contact me by email because my mobile stiol does not work .
I hope to head frkm you soon and have my batteries as qyickly as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of his report is to ecaluate bad bad effects and goof ecfects frlm he used in the Active Leisure Cflub in the last tie .
First , people in this area have adtually found a suitahle place to enjpy their tume through a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are hele creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different qges .
Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to serv the users in tyhe pedak houre abd the yuiders sre everywhere ahd rrady give a heop .
However , only one thing thing we didlike
With the purpose of actdact mre people to oin in the club , besises are good points . I would highly recommend thaf they whould arranve their tims suitably and avli they holr the activities to avoid the problems
Gigen is a diagrwm introducing the process of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank botes ae the first anx indizpensable strp .
People xhould decide the background colour and thw aetwork wnile they have to consider tge security issues .
Ghen , ksilled machinists would prepare the metal parts in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bnk botes .
Usually ghere wipl be 50 han noes poer shest .
Thw colour will be printed on the bth sides wnd every noges has its unique ink aldo the imagws will be slightly raises .
After that , it domes to the jost skgnificant stage , fhat is inspecr the qyality of tye printed eheets .
People usually divide their quality into three parys : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets znd partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distribute the bank notes .
If ghe paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely destroyed .
In conclusion , thw diagdam gives a quite explicit process of makijg abnk notee .
Eventhouhg it seems to be easy to make THDM , but every stesp neds people to be very careful in order to achieve the perfect vank notea for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a fea years ago , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of thd surroundimgs in nealth and the hapoinness of people .
He started to think hiw he could gst vetter ohr loves and he found an eolution .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters spend their time trying to get cobcerned the oodest people from the village about the importance of being care of our surroudnings , middle - ayed people planted many trews around the vgillage and cleaned the floor of ourf public places , making a mre attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authors helped this initiative , creating skme placse for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycliny center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a result of this attitude , since Akfred had this yreat idea , we nejoy oje of the clesanest villages in the area .
People how worried about the future of our planet and assodiation have been creayed in order to promote tje care of the planet . Green Planet is callef .
We qant a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " Hew Cloud Generation " project .
So we nded yor heop with some questions about the process .
Fpr your information , we are lookint ror people with thfee eyars of experience in zimilar pfojects , who are enginewrs and also have high teaml work skills .
We also valye that they have specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , and hostng management .
However , it 's probably thag we do n't fine enough people with that prdofile so , we coyld accept people wit one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do this meeting this week ?
When qnd wnere do you want ? ( Remermber that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we xan do tye meeting at your home , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need yoh to prepare soem profiles that they think the sraff of New Cloud Generation should have . ahd please tell me if you find another different request than I told you beforew in that e - mail .
Please , axnswer me with the information as soon as possible .
 ñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had neen helled at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me bjt I met alk members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nide mdn . Because of hekping them I hawd he bedst lace during the concert anx I ahve theirf autograph on hte newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general , I have only one duty . thay is checking quest list , ahove that I have to belp in clean area after the cokncert .
But that concert was worth my sork , so I hope I will be invited to it next egent .
Workibg ror them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll meet each othrr soo snd I 'll be capabe of talking to you about this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to guve oyu my personal point of view of the ckurse I did in your nranch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand oyt the outstanding classmatrs there in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning another subject in English .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to taech .
They managed to encouragw all of us everg fay .
This way we mwde the moat of us and never gaqve up improvkng our English level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Tbey helped me to pronounce wirds better before stadting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's exam .
Tnis way we have been able to year a native speaker and I think it should have been worth practising .
To wrap up , the repodt juyst way that on the whole course was fantastic and I am looking forward to sigbning it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema thue I love to watch all the fim .
Bht , what fjlms are in my Top 100 pist ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thilling storylien that is a tol 100 besg movies .
I really enjoy it because the play is brilliant and it shpws different life dtories of moving characters .
In addition , I think tht te settihgs arw verg reallistic and the acftors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre fans watch Habel as its message will move you .
It reveals how our fdelings cross the boudnaries of qll xultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , live in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid University .
My father works as an eacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and another system .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of peizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courser awnd training in ghis field as I want to be one of the greatest researchera in the world in addition to becoming a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
For tqo years , I worked in many polaces such as a pharmady , a restaurant and the waterr pufification company .
I believe that work is everything and experiencr can make mkracles in oru lifd so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more about more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but after I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
Whsn I work anything I fedl that I nave the worlf in my hand so I can do anything with people .
One of my goals in teh life is to ibvent an effective drub for one the incurble like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myself man timez what is the aim of our lkfe ?
And what afe the benefits of work and study ?
But if you see your weird and realize it well , it will be deserved fron everyone to wori so hafd and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in anything in acdition a little tored can change your life for the better .
I like teavelling and vixiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world alos . I attended a kot of conferences in my fielf so I think this progfam is a chancxe fof experience which will help and inspire me fr fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing with refeeence to the post as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialifjed person flr tje lost .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quiet , patient and funny that , in my opinion , these are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team .
I do hot like to be or feel alone , tbis could be one of my grear weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advanrage .
Toung people are usually hard - working ahd activw psrson .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone humber . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at my earliest convenience .
I would really appreciative it because I am looking forward to startijg work .
Is there a future fod Lrivately owndd dreams ?
To be honest , I am not ure .
Although privtaely omed cars afe lore znd mre populard , an thet ae incfeasingly becoming a common asste evn in developing countries , it is npt likely that these means of transport will be the means of transpory in the future .
Many people today rsalize that in kur citiee and in opur plants there is an increasing problem of science and pollution .
Carbon bxsed fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probably private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to register to some sort of public transportation .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow to a tsaggering 3 billion yuman beings .
I jnow htat it is mice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own provate smalo helixopter .
But it is nit going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicolters , and not even cars .
Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle the problem and prvoide the public with a better altyernative . T
he price of independent transport will grow dramatically .
I think that tbat will cuange the habit of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to ldarn again to be on time , the mice old train could become important atain .
Imagine this picture : the firet clasz of this seester , students are yawnnig and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students do not answer because they totally ca n't remember what they have studied last semester .
Students xould receie a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying paryly Because after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , pqrtly because of long vacation will lrt students used to have fun instead of studying , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
Moee reasons anr dretail will be sged ligbt on in the following paragraphs .
To begijn witj , there is a generla consensus , students will forget the knowledge they gave lwarned after a lesson break training .
For example , in history class , the history teacher had to repleat teadhing the history of North America before he started to teach the history of South Awmerica at the beginning of the semester .
It is very waste of time and not efficient .
Next to go wolud be , students get used to relaz by baving no studying and homswork in the pong vacatoon .
For example , when the semester starts , students could nkt gey asay from the sunshine , beach , or travel .
In thew clzss , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Lwst bht no leaxt , some difficult cojrses should be continually wtudying raqther than having long bfeak time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a log tome without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally disagree with the statement that students could receive a better , lore - efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
I lioe to speak with my team partenrs .
Toegther we anaoyze the rival tram and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I feel bad I fedl nervous nut my parents give me unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do tfhis sports there is a biy probably that you ard healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really lie about it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to practise whatevef sports .
Soccer is not a vkolent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In htis wat you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally , I advise them to enjoy playing their awezome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I went to the amazing Niaqgara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my familyh .
On seotember 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the end , I was very happy because I received a lot of fooesss .
The filght was appropximatly fivr hourd ehere I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We aent to long ieland because there he ives .
He had a really nice house and I was happy to ses my litrle ousin " Anbel " eho looks like like me .
In New York I eat so mucy . I also went to the city tha mever slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of going to Niagqra Falps .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrive at Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost place .
It does not have too much to do byt there were tbe talls .
I was amazed at how hugd werfe he fell .
They weee incredibly amazint and beautiful .
I taks too many phptos because Yoku does n't visit places like thzt every .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in Unitwd Sttes of America znd I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too . We ae ljke siblints .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because sue said they do not see me frecuenrly and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited aweslme plaxes as Niagara Fakls and Time Squade , recieving a lot of presenta and sat a lot of delicious rood .
omst qttending students to universities are our of the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Mos universities providr chesap accommodationx such as sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most students have lkw income .
Othrr students who may have familh finanxial support prefer to jire an apartment to live independently .
Sharinb houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , clise to the university , and learn now to share everything with others . waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments will be less than four times than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer- if I could - to live in an apartment where thr personality is very important for me .
Maybe years ago , I shaeed a friend in a room for fee months during a course oufside my country . These days when I worst xuring my life , he wad idrty , speaking loudly all timke and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annpying me
Although the fderal government which is decided as the role of USQ has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves that there is no perfect government .
The importance of tye federalism , whichy as mofe liberty for the states to hgave heir lwn pllicies according to their neesd , is mot always giod ofr the lecture whee it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexaul whewre Sime stwte accepts this marriage , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even if the fedetal government ket each staqte functiln indedpendently , it will control the main decisions .
This case caused some problems when the lecturer mentiined the faikure of the federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
alsp the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the stat abd the federal blae each other in the increase of the jnemployment in some atates
In conclusion , the vederal government , which gives frerdom and polwerful , causes many problems suxh as no singoe plicy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelljng to a different country can be both exciting and fruatrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico , I ould give two important advice ; first try to get lessons with a travel companion and enhoy Mexican food instead of critic about spicy zavor .
People say ghat in evety voyge rhe people euffer to different momnts of thw trio : ardived , get awau to the frustrastion of an ujknown place , get aloje with your trip companion , success as a travelre and arrive home triupmhal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest yhat thd traveled find a manber to get zlone with hiw or her company .
This minimal chabce would make a big difference when you visit other countries .
As an example , if you are able to meet another with your tragel you could enjoh each noment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat together , and visit places with common inerest such as juseums or lalls .
Another advice that I would give to people coming to Mexido is thst enjoh for Mexican food .
Mexican food is a log of tasting fish from different sttaes of the country .
or exampole , there are a lot of American people who do n't like spicy food and also many of the times could get angry with the ecess of pepper yhat the Mexican people used to use to prepare their foox .
As advice , I ould suggest you to also use sauces with a lower oepper .
In this way , visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican frood with less oepper znd the saqme delicious soup that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two ikportant advice for visitors coming to my country : Try to gdt alons eith their vompanion in order to ave fuj and try to enhjoy Mexicn foopd because it is delicious !
After Onternet was ibvented and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has pargly replaced for face to - face communication .
ZMS wuch as Facebook wend ot 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are published on Twitter esach 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , socizl consequences of Facebook and Twiyter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own persobal privacy , therefore there is a possibility of cycle of byllying .
This essat will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facevook and Twitter , and aoso comments potwntial future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating cab be achieved , regardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook and Twigter .
The bendfit of being frol being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is that messages ca be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facsbook and Twitter can be used when their uxers are in an unpleasant mood , and in qhere when negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining people 's pwn feelings within the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , etc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tnat is to swy , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook are interacted with otheras by sharing their noods , abd receiving respoonses .
Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
knowledge about tue members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other exjsting members , and also sharing their smae interrsts by the social netwotk .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are aolowed to follow abyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by followijg fzmous celebritie , people can easily see the daily activities which are posted by tehm .
However , thus , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposwly aggressive towards someone .
However , information whch is appered on Facebook or Twitetr is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as a public opinion .
However , information whcih is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter zre essily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respones as an oublic opinion .
Mowtly Facebook userw expecy their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
Finally , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and evenb racist comments .
First of asll , people can ppst aby racistr comments which garget a special gtoup or person .
For example , after the premiee of The Hunget Gsme was released , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that said that they were happy because one of the msin actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Because of fhe accessible information through SMS , it hyas ledc to many problems involver with cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a cae of continuous distuebing a wkman fdom a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte psychiagric yospital qfter being foumd noit compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing and telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook andr Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face - to - face communication wnd improve their runctions , because people feel more freeddom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to vierw each othr appezrances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call them .
The possible outcomes might be the kore time people speak on SMS , thr ess communicate skmills tgat they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve gheir future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , cojtrolling whay posts should be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .
However , despite the useful of these implicatiins , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twittee could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate abd being connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily deduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they felt .
In cobtrast , because Facebolk and Twiutter have been connected worldwide , which means protectint personal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photograpuy classes fkr egeryone
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photogrphs xre incluced in all of those sites .
Also , the phenlmenon of taking phtographs is part of your daily life , because it is the brst way to caplture special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , etc .
As a nsw college subjevt
Ghis practice is considered tjose activity that no one can do without the kinc of special prelaration .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the momeny of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and xre necessary to be developed in the education system at the same time .
Ghe reasojs
Recentg studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes(teenagersd and kids ) .
This increase is relaged by the overwhelming development of technology in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Aoso , photography is consdiered as a type of aft , so it requiree yhe knowledge of special skulls , techniques and knowledge .
What a loveoy weather today !
What a wonderful dream ! There is an Aprio now and finally spring has come .
A bright suj is shining , the snow melged away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the wqrm countries .
htey afe singing funnh and building heir nests .
People look happier .
They are fdeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set oud cflock forward one hour in Marcg .
The sumjertime waa firsf introducede in English in 1908 .
These days ecome loinger znd the bights vet shorter and later .
We usually set our coock back an hour in October .
A lot of people always happg , because they czn sleep ( for ) pne hou nore .
Hockey as a oife sgyle
Although all spirts help you to have a healthy life , hockey orovides gou moee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .
What do you think of whebever you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your life styl will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
Fof doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilked or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requieremnts ?
Thewn you know jockey is the asaner .
Hockey is a spoet I have played for many years and it tjrned out to be my favourite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In small words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to trai fie ays a weeo and you have to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Wuy woll I recommend this to Yiu ?
It would definitely yelp you to follow and improve as a person .
Hkckey will cbange the wau oyu see the world abd yoh are going to strat see it with their eges .
So start searching for the right sport , thos ons is foir yo !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is the best transport medium for environmental cars .
In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy their own cqr , elextric and hybrie cara are more expensive than traditional ones ( ghe oines whgo use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this onss and that 's because pollution is severap isaue thar we uave to dreal with .
Thd ebvironmental cazre is taking strenbth every day , frm kids too ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emiszions which are bekng producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that are necessary for peoducing goods gor ghe social consume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could work , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , nad that will probably take place when the xestiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I thinl the government would alow down the few on public transportation , ghat could mame people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 wmissions and pervent global heating .
In Colsada City Council , people are wdll informed about taking care of the environment .
Tye citg council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of ts citizens . For example , rhe children learn at school holw to separate tne wastd .
here are many ecological ielands .
Each of the hae three or fouf kinds of bins and they afe nog as far as two hundred metrrs .
There have been several pkanting campaigns to plant trwes and to clean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is necer language , because dog 's ownwrs that they have mlst of the blame .
Sinbce 2008 , there are mzny bike psths across the city , so the citizesn will be bale to avoid the cats and they will emit less air pollution .
Ths organic waste is picked up every say and plastic and paper waste is pucked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Our olanet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with thekr tarfet of making money without thinking of thd efefcts .
My family is very curious about these problems , so we made any effort to solve them .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quapity in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on rime and the price is worth it .
We livs in a fottage and we have several bins which are dlasified according to the material we want to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an organizatuon which payd people who bring us the matgerials to clean .
The benefits were given to several organizations which took care of the environment .
My sistsr geaches people ahat to do with things they sant to get rid of , such as bottled or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery thaty lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things can have a second life .
As soon as the lasr river endss the southern vorder of Egypg is hers .
Te Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thousand years .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists atree wit yhis .
And as for me , I totally suppirt rheir point of view .
Eypt is a kind of river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
All ovet tue tkme the Nile is the only source of water for Dgyptians .
Furthermore , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possihility of expanding the area of certain areas .
The Egyptians named their country ' Blaco and ' to matk it lff of the ted soil of the desert .
Nowadays , deel qnd wide valleyt of the Nipe become the ost imporatnt trahsport lines flr Sgypt .
Through the centuries , people have been explorjng the hature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided the year into three seasons compared to DRG or qet period .
Thdy knew when it should be called ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up on clexn water .
But such a high levle of development of Egyptian civilization has two negative sides as well as oositive .
A great number of dfams were built on the river that caused the disapeparing of a lor of planta and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians still live far from the nain ater arteey of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomr developing the government will pay attention to tge ecilogical problems thst high legel .
Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , the thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is n't the most important .
I am sure you 'll agrse thag it 's the Colosseum .
For cdnturies thi buildingb had bsen the sylbol of his ciry .
It quotes ancient , but sfill fascinating for thousan of tourists , who colme egery tears .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows wigh animals or humans who were killed without ipty .
Moreovdr nvay wrs wers represente in order to celebrate Doman wrmy .
It has been ruined through the ages , but new people understand hjs imporgance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's ohr strength and every tmie I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makds us understand to necer gige up and follow our dreams .
In tyis fats moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needa a mode of transport to earn a daily living .
There is no point in swaying public transport has no future .
Travelling through csr is a convenient means of translort , but mst of the pollution can not affor it .
There are advantages and advantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transaport It is cheap and comfortable for all claxs of people in society .
Variery of buses are released by the government in ordef to meet people 's essential decisions .
Using public translort is a time waste and no priacy wre wome of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by czr has its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel by car as it is costly , buy to discuxs the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy dring travelling ahd is convenienty
and sophistixated and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because goth jas equzl advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropklitan system .
However , durint the ursh horu , thwre ate always hae sufh a ruim person ho has no public awareness at all .
Tgey occupies too many aeats , inlcouding rpiority seate .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respec other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite being afraid that some people have told them not to do tbis .
However , I think the provkde the seat to elders is alsk a prohlem .
Prioritt saeats , arr preservwd to those who nsed , bot only rlders bur alos swome sdult nsed it .
Somehw , not all of them cvan yo identify with their godies fee uncomfortable merley fro their appearance , which leads to Skme misunderstanding between ghem .
Some people rven blamw them because they occupy the seats instead of offering their seat .
Mireover , osme old people would taoe thks considerative acgion fr grabted and they weould even commamd goung adults or students offrr their sewt wihtout mannerrs !
In my opinion , the transportation in Oru city hace anything to criticoze except that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mannwr .
Television is an importantr part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to experience cultural experiences with others .
TV cah acts as a catalytst to gey kiss reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work wa adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kods imporrant vxlues and lay lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make young people morr wware of other cultures and people .
Documejtaries fans help devekop cfitical thinking about society and the world .
TV could help introduce people to classical Hollyqood movies and foreign movies that they might mot otherwise see .
Cultyral programjing can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television uave negative effectz : First of aol , children whp sprnd a great dela of time watching television ger lesa exercise .
In addition , these children receive kess socialiozation with other children .
Televisikn apso takes away from family tike .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf and sales of finsncial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - businesses .
I follow thue relationship with customers freom acquisition to the aevise until the reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales with the aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I always work wkth lrage and small teas in bazck - offices , manage many admonistrative activities , including morttages , oersonal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several years to get acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them with a compelte service , froj tje account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , and ceoss - selling products .
In many years of working I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .
mon - standard situations , analyzibg the problems , finding and implementint practical and easy sklutions .
I have faced several situations always sork with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I aork , cooperating with colleagues to achieve those goals by providing my skills , although I want to learn , respecting othet point of view , yogether findung waye to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to woek my husband has been loving in Zaandaml . I want to find a jew job in Hollamd to rejiin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , driving and simming . I 've already got the descue lidence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi divfe masger
Nowadays , we all hkpe whether public transport can dave the world .
When we see aol thix cars in ojr hards , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to livd our cwr and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an immorfal traffic jam .
But , probably , his situation is onloy period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this dance .
For instance , Google rwported about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robogs will be brought to dribe nore smart then pelple .
If they contact each other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke thzt , they will be able to avoid accidents on the orads .
So people will be able to clear traffic hams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Somed peoppe thknk , it might take zway heir independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are driverx at thw momdnt .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And people will hzte public gransport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people havs more imapct in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are fe reasons why I tell you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely ueful to speak a public language , it makes your trip more ezsy more comfortable .
Second , fr finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in he international level . If you speak a fofeign language , certainly it adds some value to your prorile ahd gou cah gey a high salary .
Tbird , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at fhe tine you are also getting know its cultures , get to know a different cultures and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
However , these years , there are morr ajd more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily find out that our environment is chajging severelky .
Many scientists inbfer that people 's lives will change dramatic in the next 50 years because of Hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more comfortable and comfortable life , gut forget to protect ahd cherosh the Earthj at thr sqme time .
High - technological countries have deceloped a great number of forewts and lands to build high buildings .
Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the exampoes sbove will enhance the temperature and make the Warth hottrr and warmer .
The the temperature enhwnce , the better the oiving quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaeis on ourt licing placee , we might have a dzrk abd hipeless future .
Due to the climage change , the water is so hot that people could sven have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supoply , people 's vody will become weao and rough .
In these living situations , insead of laughter and happiness , there will be lore fights , hatrdd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , hut fan not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by thd humnas ' unsatusfied heart .
Feiends , from npw , let us be the members to porotect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underwear work is very hard , not ujst bedause you will work with danerous people , the real danger is if you get dicovered .
When people mnow that they were decekved , thzt they truts down broken , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
Trhe passion for thw cause is thr ksy to survive .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , noy he , me .
I did n't choose that , this jib has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bexch lufeguard assistace which I sae advertised .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at Tye University .
I managed to succeed in many comletitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a uitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I compketed the first qid coyrse , in the Red Xross .
hte job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it qould orovide me new knowledge .
Please do hot hesitate to contact me if you should erquire further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yourd faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In oud modrrn world , many people are suffrred by stress that spring rom lofe conxitions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaves and they want to leqve frm this condition on holidays .
Therefore , it van be said that holidays are the best opption to denew the soup and revive the dpirit fod people .
In the holidays , people xan away from everyday problems and also take more time with their friends and family .
In this rfespect , many people prefer to go to naztural places with their families in order to forgeg about bxd situation in their libes .
For example , walking in the seasife or swimming in ths sex cwn be helpful to fprget had life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in lives .
People cam review their decisions on holidays more accurste and helpful .
For instance , in stressed life conditions , people cab make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimae emotional feelings in their workpalces .
The reason is that people must clmplate their tasms in order to gain mire noney to maintain their livrs and they forget about these emotional feepings such as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .
It is clearly swen ghat in the holidays , people are betting close and they remember their reelings .
For example , people meet their relatives they have never seen in a long time .
At the swame tme , people have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remew their spirits and wouls .
They can pray for God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spirithal subjects , they can become happier . Because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people have yime to review their miatakes that leads to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in ordsr to heal their problems and stressful pife conditions .
Alxo holidays are very helpful days in order to revife the spirit znd tne souk because people have a chance to move away modern life that is full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spaxin .
However , the government and the locval councils of ig cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their besy to promote his movemenr because they consider it a say of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Fitstly , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 ekissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .
On the other hand , there are eome issues such as the increase of drinking on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be lore dangerous than travelling by ca .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Gettjng set wheh it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle ito a strong wiknd , freezing weathef or having to ieep driniing in hot weather .
In my point of view , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit wnd it is possible to look for solutions to facs the disadvantages of their activities .
No one can dejy that travelling by car is kuch more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the buz or subway .
And fhis undesirable yime might be njot so short during holidays , due to less frequdnt schedule .
Alsi , we can dirve a cr to Amy Plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able to rewch .
When the bux is creowded , we have to stand , making us nore exhausted , especially for a long dance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned ablve , the advantages of travelling by public transport should notf be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private transport .
As we apl know , the more public transport people use , the less var eshausts ae emitted perr person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidenxes that there is a strange relation between car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In other words , oublic transoort plays an important rle in protectin human beings from suffering of diseases and savnig kife .
Secojd , public transport xaves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cties , nowadays ohr ciries becole larger and more rcowded .
Correspondigly , the space fof eachj person becomes more lijited than before .
Provided thqt evefy itizen own a car and use it rather than public transport fof every travelilng chance , I supposw tjat ouyr strrets would become a parming place and everybody would spend more time in congesting .
Last but not leqst , public transport alpows people to do othet something which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to the surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .
Through a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , taker a phohe acll wirh a frjend , ead a fascinating booo or just look at outside .
Although there are many advantages for public transportation , it dpes not msan that public transport is the est chiice fr everh situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less flexibikity than cas , and is more environmentally friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude that lne transport can replcae others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and disadvantages and choose a FKT onr .
Languqges fkr ths future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We lay in a world that day to eay changes and people meed to improve their skills and others .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the other hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world with the language barrer .
Apso in recdnt years to express myself in English , French , German and Russian hs became something essential and very important in our livers to find a mob .
I think a great disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .
Although I consider that it gends to be hard and tales tim away from doing any wrong things .
It seems to me that young people should spwnd more benefits studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motjvated qnd to enjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a nob .
I had a part - time job as a babby - sitter and I took care of my 11 - year old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp tlo and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I bave the skilks fpr thw job .
I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope you consider me fcor the ob , rtodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home wirh driana in the afternoon .
We afe delicious fodo and play interesting games together .
We hzd a great tile .
At 2 o'coock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almoist and Big Big World .
After thirty minutes , we hqd tew .
Winnie loved eatnig very nuch so I dan easioy finc umch food at her home .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd jyicy appke jujce fo tra and they weee extrmeely yummy .
After javing ta , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I hid behind a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a little stone .
Adrina and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Your mnee is bleedijg .
Ar you okay'I asmed .
I wss shakibg liks a leaf and my heart is poundong since I was worried about Winnie .
I have butterflies in my stonach.'Yex , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .
I felt relieved thsn .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad oday although Winjie hujrt himself .
Qhy ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
Houwe of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be a fulk of convenience .
Big zpaces sill be dfivided in a rew zones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez and so on .
In the house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to thr light in very hours .
Television will be cordless , as aay as the current Internet .
Evfery house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it could expand or teduced .
Everything depends on the numbedr of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual wport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efcorts , but you can also enjoy teamwork with you participate in swimming compstitions .
It is a spoet that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at ayn age but children ca stadt to learn swimming as early as two years abe .
Swilming has different types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reuction if you arw obnese and need to rwduce your weight . It is also the best sport for thr asthmati patients because it strengtehns the dhest muscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of yoir agte .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antayw on Ocrober .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I have a lot of experience through thrm .
At the concert tjme xll pepple dan rnjoy but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , Tney knew everything above each helper 's obs butg on the sam tjme they just concedn own theme .
I want to explain to you another interesting parg crom my experience .
In the concert morning we were excited about thinking about the concert and we decided to think about the concert and do our job , which would be igven .
When we were srranging concert poan we mase work shraing for all of us .
Some of the stars designed the stage , some of the checjing songs vplume and lights .
My job wxs check songs list whkch singrrs woulf perfrm .
I think it waa the most difficult part of the concert because of xingers .
They always wanted to chajge some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because Tney gawve ime was afraid of it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like starx .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert ended , I felt like a bidd whoch flyinv freely .
Of course , I had wome pain in my legs because akl the time I was sfanding .
However , I want to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for Emai .
Wee youj !
Technology is changing wzy we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affefted .
Regardung wdvertisement , technology is havinb a hhge , aqnd ont always positive impression on lutdoor advertisement .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places , we have moved to practifally luve surrounded by outdlor dads placed in every availagle nad imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .
Tfhe recent development in mobile technology aplows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to dach of us .
I''m surde thxt in the very nearf future . If I look at restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at hone , on my way to work the xdds on the buises I will sde - whivh of fourse will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
Tbe way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my toan and tind it fulp of bright zcreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pixtures displayed .
Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least som pieces are really arfistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shopwed at the wrong time yhey loos they axrtistic skde .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one something in my ilfe , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in the sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So ghat I could live more freely and with independence .
If I had his house , I would decorat it in the modern style .
I would buils the fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl .
If I had swuch house , I would like to ewuip a barbecue area in my garden .
I could see my friends and relatives .
Togethdr we oculd slend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Whether it changes to my favourite sport , Tennia will always be my answer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it fequires a lot of skills to be a mwster of it , which seems very challenging .
When I think strwssed off , I always plya temnis to elease my pleasure .
If you are a beginner of technology , my advice is to try to get a suitable rocket for Yolu first .
As the professor gos : If you want to learn something wellp , you would need to get fhe right toole first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn theze important technology slowly and stewdily , you might getg hurf durung thw practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled cosch fan will teach you the besr skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a fdw decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That wad onl 30 years ago .
An explosion of chanels arrived to our housdes in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our copuntry oje decade wgo when digital TV appeared , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV triwd to get seveeal licences to distribite their shows .
In order to resolve dome deficits budgets , todah fhere arr mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels means less dhoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It dosts ldss mnoey and you cwn choose exactly the mokent , where an with who is wxtching this or the telephone program .
You juxt follow a suggestions made by someone .
You must click on it .
hey hace to redice your budget
Despite of dhanging channels we ese the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by sll of TJEM .
It is expensive to meep journalidts and cajera all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summafy
The TV is ding .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast gorups can be in the match .
Perhaps politica reasons help to maintain such a budvet deficikt .
However , the fact is that there is a coutndown on them .
Dea Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen yiur advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to explain an interest
to join a small group on a trip around the aorld .
I am a 20-tear - ole student frkm Switzerlad speaming Gewrman , Frech znd Enjglish and I am kee on travelling .
With several yrips to many countries I have ade unfil now , I eould say that I have some experience of travelling around thd sord .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to expoore new ckuntries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a scouy group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderess .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Xear Stevw ,
It was good to hear frol yo .
Basicallu my idea is to use this rrip to learn as much as possible . I want , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit numerous places in my country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father will put up slme money to jelp me .
But I wanna find a jobn to help hij with the bulls .
Dan tou give me a hand on it ?
Yoj can also help me to find a cheap place to register .
It would be helpful if you gind a small apartment near Ambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 nonths .
Thanks for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Jlhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of sll , you should get out of the airport tetminal .
Therfe tou waill see bus stations in the street .
When you got there yake tne bus which had nukber 111 .
Thej ride to the bus stop " Zli ín " .
Thers youi can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you chuoose this way , I 'll help you in the morning to tell you where aill we meet exactlg .
But if I were yku I qould rake a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buying it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait tor yoi tnere .
Finally , the weafher forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is hsual at this time of month .
Thatg 's wyy you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
ebst wiahes ,
Jwcob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we cam discuyss type of food we want to sat .
Actually , students eat a lot fasat foor wbile they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food , dor tgese rexsons I think thue besg restaurant is somewhere whsn they do homd - mads foos , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windowsw , with a white dhair , table and wall . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In addition , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is vedy for us , because hormally we had spokrn about books , wori and studies , while in this type of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I would like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I like the food here and I think my classmates too .
oyu can it thne bewt burgers you have eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how do fhey maje znd xook thel .
These burgers are my favourite fish because they are amazing .
I can not ay what they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavojr similar to staying in heaven or in the parzdise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and yku definitely leaves you with a very good flavour in your mouth with a high smile on your face .
You sill want to come another time .
However , if you do noy like burgers , you can wat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opiniom as a person who hae eaten anothwr msal .
Public transport plays an important dole in ouf moden xay livea .
Mlre than a hillion people jse buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , goin to school etc .
Mahy veen us cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is wht because the cost of petrol , diezel and gas is quite high in many countries of the world .
Whilw travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People cah save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the ckuntry , Toan , city and villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside their ckty etc .
I disagree with the statemebt state above because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middld class is idsappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on godos .
So , I believe eiyher we will have public transport or people are going to be as they wdre in the stone agw .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays , people have different vidws about reading bloks and watching movies .
Skme of them think rhat bgooks are more interesting than them fipm versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tyend to thinm that there is nothing better than reading an obok .
Firstly , reading hrlps to become a weol educated person and give a chance to devrlop knowledge .
Thwt 's whh while you are reading and giving pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of reaxer .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mnid .
You can imagine what yeroes look like , you can imagine different views , were the action takes place .
An Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your booi with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way to see is movies .
Because you want qatch it with your friends .
Als many people choose movies because they like eoundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But these factors are npt important for me .
I supoose that books are better than than film vedrsion .
To wum up , I 'd like to say relaxing is a really great thing .
A girl was walking house one day .
She was with her mum ..
She wa just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were yoing home when tje girl noticef a cute dll in a shop .
She had black hair and she was wearing a bkue dress , black gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you bye it for me ? '' she said .
Hrr mum cold n't ceny to her , so she brought it .
Oh!The gidl had so many special monents with her dokl!!Thdy lioked so adorbale together wdre lkie twins !
After soms years , the girlk decided that she had to move .
She wss eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd to be indepedent .
So sne too a xeep vreath and putr her doll in the attuc just like her children memoriex .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
Sge went there znd theea wsas thd dopl with a knife in your hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah with me anymore?Are you bored of me?Juzt because I have only one eye?Butg you remobed me the other ons .
Just because I do n't have one if my glives?But you dic it agaim!''she screamed .
And tyen ...
Next dau , oing at her hoem hsr mum wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she wenr upstaird ...
Tbe girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentebce,''Shy did you leabe me that way ? ''
Tgennis is an indigidual sport .
You just have to deal with the game .
Uou fans cboose kinds of places to play .
Yu needed a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and wome bzlls anr perso whi play with .
Although you dhould be good at llaying hand or hand , yiu cam oose finakly .
Thsi spotr is not jmust without a physica lower .
Yoi sipposed to hse your brai as welk .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and personal power .
As with other sports , technology is getting more modern , faster and fommercial .
I mexn professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them prwctise tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth and so on .
You can stadt if ylu rae grosn up anyway .
It is nevwr too lwte .
Either you can find a professional coach or judt join youir friends .
Enjoy !
Dwar Mes Kate Ashny ,
My name is Andrea Cokcci . I 'm sixtden , and I saw the advertisement for the wrekend wrok in your cfafe , and I 'm interested in thinking about you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of flod because I am Italixn , and for us , food is everything .
In Ijtaly , I attend school for writing and cooking , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza and many other specialties of my cpuntry , and I work in a famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dsaling with people . In fact , simce when I was younger , I did thw animatro in the summer damp of lpignano , teh coty wjere I liced , and I pent a lot of tkme sith children and daughters .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so goos anc kibd when I talk with other people , even if I do n't know them .
At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work oong houra , wheb I worked with my aunt in hjs cade . I worked fdom eifht a.m. snd I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I sid it all day .
I look forward to hearing from Yku soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cnos of studyihg English abroad .
Is it really weird leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is trus that going abroaf can opeb new views about your owj learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to jduge how well or badly tou are doing .
Besides , it cab be fun and enjoyable if you plsn it prlperly .
However , you will have to put a considerable amount of money in it and you will hot be assured to achieve your goals at apl so it would be avle to becolme a rdal nightmare if you are not fofus on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have your own mojey savsd for it .
But if you do n't , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Ypu xan even tali sith native speakers by using some Chat Rooms onlime such as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , an oassion
When I was little I triewd a log of sports , handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my favourite sport is bot ond of thkse . It is a sport that I have never imaginw : football .
All my life I thought that football was a spodt which was for men , nit for girls , gut knce I teied it , I looved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , wben I started to play football , I djd it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to felt a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to interest me when they played , and nowadays , I live playong football with them .
Now , more women and I have started to orhanize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imafine that I was going to be so keen on football , because it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her pife .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be reday to rdacive soms upnches .
I recommend yoi a grwat restaurant which is in Tye shopling center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , and it 's a fantastic tradigional ajd modern restaurant with British food .
The service was excellent and the waiters ate so pleasant and gentle .
The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stay inside without problems .
The decoratiom is mdern ahd cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the bedst things in the restaurant which is always tasty and fresh .
We got a lot of different disheds , ttaditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different ytpes of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Fhe desswrts are very boring too .
They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , and traditional .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This restaurant is n't tio expensive , which is peffect for us , because we do n't want to spend tpo much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think there is ghe est restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goews there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famous people , such as politicuans and flm stars , are accmopanying them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their life without photography .
On obe hand , ebcoming a public pesrson associate sith jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous people are obligatedd to providd their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still being ordinary people , they made miatakes .
People are thought to be jeaslous .
Nktice an kid of fxilures .
It seems to me that journalists must be absolutely tkxic qnd they have efective influence on society which asses celebrities through the prism of journalistyic documentary .
In the othrr ahnd mang of stars eold their pricacy to earn kore and money money .
The value of rheir taleht , abikities ae counte in aomnut of tabloid scandalps .
Summin up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring inro the limelight their lives .
It has eer been very useful for a long time . However , nowadays , there are few people wh askl if public transport was supported , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people saving money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is tne ckst because tje people do not have a car thsy new to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Thd cara needs to be repaured ; besides , if you have a caf , you have to oay some taxse .
In addition , these people nred to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reasson is glboal warmikng because the atmosphere is mufh lolluted .
If you use public transport , you will be less contaminating before because there are a lot of people who travel together on onlh one transport .
Finally , the kast eeason is tue comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the crntre of the city .
Besides , in other countries , cars can be parke in easy places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Sujming up , people are aware of global warming and thin about the hikgh cist of driving a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my cat is juet used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a evrr chanfing world .
Today 's news things become thingw of paqst in a few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , the latest handset , the latest fonfigurations becomee ohtdated within a couple months after huying it .
50 yearsd is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important oint to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Lasg 50 yearfs science and technology tkok great oeaps , Internet , mobiles made us more connectex .
Today , we have all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't have to worry about getting lost at new places . Golgle maps are always there to help .
We do need to correct English words today , as we can quidkly fine meaning of ay word on our mobiles .
meeting jew people or sekling your products , you do n't nerd to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today oru lives have become much more comfortable the past , thanks to programs mabkind ha made in technology .
On the other hand , the nmuber of terrorism , global warming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's world .
Climate changes dur to global warning causing natural disaaters now qnd ghen .
Terroriat acrivities causjng havic in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people lezders .
If these challenges ae nog addrewsed in coming years , imagine the lives of people in 50 yeqrs hehce is rathef difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tolol . On the right hand , it would be good for us , in arong hsnds it has powee to destroy the world as we see it today .
to sho jay concenr ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's trying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I rsad yoyr advertisement on your website xnd I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the eight person fpr this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering whether I should be the right person .
Thwt 's soonh said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as ell .
I 've worked as a social trainsr and as an educatore since I was 16 .
I love doing aocial activities and planbing eventes .
When I worked as an educatpr , I used to plan and manage some sports and other activities .
I have great great memories of theswe experiences and I would really like to live thuem qgain .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in his mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need yhat deice near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are okay and sometimes they tell me to talk about their yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that theu thohght its helps childrenb 's brain to dsvelop . hut is an important controlker tyem because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Knternet is absolutely a revoltuion in current society .
It is very common to use thw Internst in my work for research or google information abd alsk cinnect with othert teachers , speak about cultures and Chinese information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Driends shoild be pike a hsadow always over you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life . ubt no doubt it is not exsy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean ypu will never find one .
It is very important to introduce and socislise with people to make friends .
The mire people you will jeet th kore eawy it will become foir youj to find a friend .
When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do n't have to agree on everything you say , but they should share their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You will find a variwty of articles such as politics , Bujsiness and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There afe plenty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to hyelp individuals .
Readers are able to ezpress their opinion freeloy .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suiyable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the ther hxnd , I realisedd there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not usitable dor children due to ifficial language . There wree also a high number of xommercials advertisements which make the reraders bored .
Overall , The ugardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and provressive world , people are scared and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet comouters instead of boois
In my opinion , the problewm is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice fhat gadgdts because they are very useful for your life . . seejs to me good opportunities to make oue lifd morw easioy .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convincedx that uxing tablef computers in oiur everyday life is better better .
People do nog need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not sya that he left a book because he had all the books on his tablet computers .
Many people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe hat it is iseless fhing fpr ohr generation .
Sudh people are sure that electric things make us stupid .
They insiet on not using tabletw at school .
Especially for me , I like books veru uch when I am at home I use books because I like to smell andc to toucu the aper of boks .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablefs are useless .
We should use it but we ade mut or forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say thatg that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to makr our lives easily
The Big Mistak
Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told im that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about her ex and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when he told Bim that he was pregnant , he just froen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walok away ajd afoid thjs conversation wigh ner .
He teied to understand what was going on with him .
It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .
One part of the house was really happy , because being a father was his biggest dream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
Tyis Wolman , who stands next to Nim , is his girlfriend , his fufure wife .
He should be happy andx hyg her qnd celebrate this good news .
But somehow he could n't feel anything .
Alk that he felt aws anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when he tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that he loved him as much as he loved jer , but everything was just too wrong in that moment .
Hewr voice , ner smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this momen .
Whe could n't understand what was going on , ebcause it was just three wreks wgo when thney had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with ber .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not happy about the mews .
It was a big msss .
He was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .
They did noth jnew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was tlo much fof him .
He stood up and said to hef gjrlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what my locely sprts and why I will enjoy the sports .
In fact , I do like to do some sports ruring anytime , but if I really need to do such exercises that I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
First , I think , swimming poolk is flearing .
Such as after swimming tgat I have a safe and a bathroim to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , tyis is because I do not like big sun qnd sans .
Third , swimming in tge ocsan is kost dangerous .
However , I like to wtay in the swimming lool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before anh kind of sporfs tuat we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do npt do it that we will gst dngerous wjile we are doing anhy sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like doing any sports ut we beed to choose one type of sport in our lives and almost almost everyone needs to do it , as we should not xtay at home or work all the time .
Evern you really do not like to do exercise tyat you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outoine the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pastyre area where local farmers have been brdeding sbeep , cpws and pjgs ror centries in spite of the bad weather conditions , such as high temperatures and horrible drought in summer .
As a result , our waste resources are difficult to presedved and it is clearly necessary to maintin active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importnace of a rational sue of it .
The locql government is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plaecs in or around the toqn where citizens fan sped their frer tims or eben do sports .
That 's the reason that it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the gown hsa also improved the management and tratment of the waste system with the acfive coopwration of modt of the citizenship who are really concerned with the recycljng of waste need .
In faxt , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycoe their rubbish takiung it oit to the ground , grewn and bue dontainers in dvery street .
And that is the negative point , thdse dulpsters are visibles in townb and it would be asvisable to chnage the noes we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , znd the ones that do it will reward a bonus point , but anytways ghis is n't important information .
I searchedd my family in the house and ghere wax no one in the home , juzt me .
I get a bit scared , so I sezrch tnem while in the syreets .
I did n't knea that a blmb hit on the ckty and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my prents .
I thought the reason why I did n't know about the expkosion is because the part ehere I have is a very pkor area znd it 's npt thag besutiful so you ca n't distinguish aere dos the explosion hit .
Finally , in sole days I found my neighbors with eome food . I was struggling to deal so I wte a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a totxl difficult , because thd groip noticed that some fiod was misxing skmehow .
I think thst someone drays something of the food on their night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the lass .
In ghe jext morning I ate a piece of steak and tue grojp was talking about aome creafures thar were wxlking around to kjll and eat us .
In the night I was thinking about many things right when I heard soje noises .
I stalked him qnd it sermed thzt this guy has a hmup .
I stomp him and whdn he turnde aroujd it wxs a woman rom the group .
We were talking about this when a dlg just cam nead ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it huft a lot . We tried to aelrt the othefs but it was too late . It was he grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating uor friends and thw foo .
In eome wsys that sh robbed the foos in the night and I sake up it was good for my sutvival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would nof do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do ylu obtqin with exercise ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a nig problem for our society znd is tge problem number 1 of Mexico is the country with moer obesd in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whether you exercise your feeo welk witn you re sekf and you are bored .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in half with doing exercise like reducimg or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also yoj cwn lake a lot of friends whjle foing aby rxercise .
Noedaya there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can ractice any sport , like scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can easily go to the GYMk or practice Crossfi or something like that .
Soccer 's a really spoirt where you can make a lot of friends , you can atay fi , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the balp and drubble you 're rivald on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any ruture to public tranaport , vor travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Maybe disagrse about the oublic transport whlm xre to be disappwaring , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in tdavelling .
This compositjon will explain the two different opinions .
First , the car is more convenient because it is privaxy .
Also , unlkke public transport such as buxes axnd underground , yu have much omre cdomfort and sleed .
There is a perdeption thaf a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " Yougn peopke and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old noy explain « " I prefer goinh in the far , it 's uicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because gou cah listej to music as well . »
Although they ard many positive points about private cwrs , they ate alzo ndgative knes .
Kndeed , driving increases pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» szys a 17 - 22 yeazrs odl oy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transportation is chaeper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but alsp , it is sfaer ,
According to the Saigon Timee , there were a lot of traffic accidents which occurred in private cars .
The main reason is that thew cars ' ownes ate drunk when driving .
It is clear fhat if theh tkok a bus or a taxi when they wer drahk , it would nkt have as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as English , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have buikt a public transport system , so the traffic ajm jave bedn decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree with " Always tellimg thr fruth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling fhe something is the most important point in a relationship aill be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is controversial in relationships , always telling the rruth would be considered as hurtig another 's fwelings is unwise .
Another reason dor not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is abput personal matter wnd it would feel liuke awkward to meniton to colleagues or the employees .
It is better to twll a little wshite lie at thijs noment .
To further illuistrate the fidst point above , could hurt one 's feelihgs by teling the truth at qll timd .
For example , if some wokan yu are wcquainted wearing inappropriate clothes , they fit in the iccasion .
People usually gend not teoling uer the truth since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doin so , people may praiee her wjth othrr thingw on hed .
In that case , theyg could still achieve conversions without boiing her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private . Most of the time it is strange and inappripriate to talk about too much to people at work or evrn people that one just gkt scquainted .
If there are questions about thinvs lne do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lid which usually xoes nof matter too nuch .
If I had had a day to go to a doctor , I would prefer kther people from ask details about it by saying that I juhst had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or not .
Lasg Friday , Micxhael and I were in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the coach , suddenly Mnichael walkdd toawrds tyhe dkor .
Michqel closer to the door and knew at the momejt he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're noth called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headaster ujst because Mixhael had flosed the dopr .
The door would n't break into pieces or fall down .
My curiosith hsd put me int a biug trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't hpapened lime as I hoped .
I snded getting exposed frol the school because the teacher and th classmates suspected Muchael wnd I was stealing our teacher - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friehds also pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everythign aws a trap and we 're the ujnlucky and innocent ones as we efll itno the trap .
We wiped off iur teaes , and waveds our hands when we left the school .
Although , one dayh later , the headmaster tound put th trurh through CCTC , but we refused to rrturn to thw school and decided to vhange a new school as we knew even if we go back tyhis time , ximilar cases could happen next time .
Rhis is because the taecher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summsr camps ,
My name is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , fijrstly , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important to communicare .
Akso , I have a good relationship with Liftle kies . I used to look after my nieces and nepheas over the weekend and they love spending time with me . mnoreover I am very energetic , always awale and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspecy of myself , as I cfan invet new and entertaining games for tge kids to have a greag tije .
I like makingb puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important from the kirs development .
I am nit very good at coooing gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on thzt .
I think that if I warch and elarn how to do it I could learn very fast and can dominatd it .
Thag is a hood quality of mne . I learn things very fast and I akso and got used to bew rhing .
I am very excited about tyhis job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and finmd rhe otherd . We wenjt outside the shelter . We vuilt aznd wrire in waol mear to the shelter " safe zon " and if there was someone that needed supplies he would find somd supplies and ammo to survivs .
We started our journey and goung in the forest . There were a lot of pwsts on lur wag there aere varioys ghys thst wer sick we could n't do anything except foe . keep going . I was seeing my little grohp to # diminish asnd somd of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genea was actually immune to yhe infectipn I could actually be the # revolutionafy guy that helpd everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still already or at least tell us what happened to evergone . The # battel against hunfer started everyonw ws hungry and we haven't heard anything in a gew dats ahd that could lead us to two thingts death or etaen awwy by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy znd a restroom where we could gef a rest and take a shower to clean our ourselevs .
We got close to the pharmacy there were no walkers inside , so we went into the pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got someone to heck us in the night . I needed seome resources and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway linse and they 're ofteb overcrowded .
Byt pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr , as a result thwt Turin is the town of FIAT , ghe wrll knoen facdtory .
Neasr to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you cn easilt uy alo thaf yoy ned to live .
If you have to pxy ths telephone an energy bille , you can do tht in any tobacc hops bear to your him .
If you like shopping , in the erimeter of the town , there are skme big supermarkefs , which hold many items from the mai gresat factorids of Europe and abroad .
ike all ghe industrialised countries , a connecyion to the Internet is granted apmost fo edach area and each building .
At the end , ghe taxes are present and they cver all the town , but this sercice is lexs organised and developed than the English oen .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrties , film stars , pkliticians or people wh eork in music induwtry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a biard between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be abl to delax and take som private tim .
As far as I 'm concerned , , is no one who fwels comfortable when is under surveilkance of people who wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv situations .
Unfortunately , Htis is a part of celeb 's ' qork ' , so they have to take ijto accountf .
But on the other hand , there should be somw invioplability spheres of pife withojt journalists followihg fhem all the time .
Thiz rarely fragments of lufe without the eye of a camera shoukd be an opportunity to live like normal , not fzmous people .
I know that catfhing cslebrity doing celaning or taking a dgo for a walk is shocking news for people whl rdad tabloods .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs qre sucn normal people as everyone of us only wifh nore money in these bank acounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that fajous people , wqho are rceognizable , deservbe to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life whould be biven to thwm .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently watched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of Tyis World knoqn author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mydtery which made me take the decision to watch thios fikm .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himxelf imprisonee in a cage and being trnsported to what it sems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is not a normal csmp , which is situated next to a gianf anr mywterious maae .
The people who ilves in the camp take up different roiles in order to survive and defedn themselves fro the meaces of ghe mase .
He tiok the roled of a runner , the people responsible fdor ecploring the mazd qnd look flr an esit of this place .
Stiol , they only have daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangdrous .
Yhe film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , havint itw exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the mazw .
I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rjsh of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will leave no pne indifterent .
I 've been playing basketball for 12 years now andf hopefully many ore , which I love because it is first of akl that tall or small . anyond can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life lobg sport for everyone .
I lobe the wpeed of volleyball , mpst of the time it 's qick ajd if you blink you probably miss something , ewch confact happens in less than a second , and stipl every player directs the locatiob of the ball in hat amohnt of tjme and thgen thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally , winning such a xet makew me feel like I could do anything , bjt when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , iht harddr , pasw and xet bnetter , and serve in different ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is vert vlean and veryu grren .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a yood plave to luve .
One time oer wedk on Wednesday , Robbiwh was gaken .
Of course , harbage is sorted ihto different bins .
This is a very good idea , because the robhbish yndergo recycling .
Al my neighbors in the same wat collected gadbage .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of their house and in the garfden .
Especiallh sping is a kot of colors and pleasant odors .
Hew Eltham has beautiful paris whwre you can eelax trom the buxy plce .
The Green tike in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catajia located ujder the Etn volcan slopes , snd I round fhat restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were ywo rooms , smoking rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yewt it still felt airy and cosu , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friends Moreno and his father , I managed to sell a good range of items on the meju abd I really liked Chinese beef . It wa very tasty .
Alo the ingredients were clearly rresh and of the highest quality .
The lunch was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty eurso per person , so the restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the facr that the mdal wax a little expensive and I will not be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
They have been present in popular sovieties since ever .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances tha rally wel - know foe all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very useed argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problems of the exdlusion .
Margination hws a likn with the illegality of tyis activity .
Although this illrgality is the giilty for the attraction of thd srugs because the majority of people start havkng drugs because they are young and the prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem cmoes when thus entertainment , because , in addition , tbat cam dewtroy our lives .
I think everyone has provef sime kind of illegsl rdug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do nit believe that behaviour is weird because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be esponsible and make very clear that it is only something excepfional snd not oir daily lkfe because it is very dangerous as sone people are nor abls to puy deqdlines to themselves .
Finally , legaliation of drugs means that they should be taxable and we know how high taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a bad idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudk Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I have an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you cah take me frkm thd school at 1:30 tehn we cwn go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahear onto Aojameah sreet yhen turn rivht heside the farcve of KAI University . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on gour right .
So excited to see oyu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dexr Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for holidays in summer .
In that tikme , it is always fun and , depending on thr reyion , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of Worlc .
In Madri you cab go to viait soms museums , visit the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
On the lther had , if you want to see small sildlife , you must visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , which is lijke a little safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can wee sometimes migfation brids .
If I were you xnd I had a complete sumker to ebjoy Spaib , I would have another week in Esch olace , snd I reht a cra in orddr to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to wear warm clothes .
I nope you dnjoy your summee .
Adrián .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso famil .
Bart is twenty years old and is a typical American child .
He hws yellow skin andx gig eyse , he is lbond abd hsa gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bary is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehavong .
Hid parents and thd schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is an energetic and clever student , butr he is also a bad student and he nates nerds .
Although he is rather naufhty , he has a heart of golld because he heps his sister when he nedes her .
In the Simson family alo the characters are very dunny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the besy cartoon serkes in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Vart is funneir thab Homsr , although nost magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the moo to go oug anymore .
Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there wae a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could that be ?
Would would hace even botherex to play me a visit due to the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , dor the man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter from Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter or money .
I opened it and quickly scanned the TEZT .
At first , I looked observed ghe etter cautiojsly , bjt thn I noticed my jncle 's anme in it .
Although , I had n't met gim a single tkme , he letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I learnsd that I inherited a great deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
Exultation ssized my nind instantly , but I son began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , thd tqsk I havw chlsen is aboit tne toen whete I have been staying the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the moddle of hilos nad a river without watwr .
I am very mich wortied about the towm whede I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothr about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they wre vert dirty by natude .
Tney qre very casual with the environment znd the importane of cleanliness .
So callec people of good hature are inactie anxious talmative and gossip about others not doing anything for the betterment of their own tpwn .
All the nousehold bearby teh public roaxd throws the dirty tuings easily abd een do n't bother about the order of the municipalkty .
I see all these during my morning walk .
whaf I geel is that everyone who zre staying in the town shoukd at lesat kerp clwan their own front places snd sidse sureounds .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in natural .
People are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .
Yhough they ars becojing so callde educated but in real sebse theh azre still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I had seen yhe advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am very interested in this eork and believe that my emppoyment background is suitable for it .
I am a Toudism student and I need to work on weekends to pay for my studies .
I have worked ons ysar in Llndon as a waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe snd 6 monthus as wwiter aldo in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to repair different types of flod : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc .
I am always very good at dealin with people . I have never had a complaint sueet !
I have total availability at weekend and also in total .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attahed a copu of my CV , which xepands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to takling wit without aout the possibility of working in tuis position .
I am available to do an interview ahen it is convenient for you .
Thank you for our timd and consideration .
Yours Zincerely ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , Hut thsi idsa is remected in developing countries , Luke ghe obe I liv in .
As a matter of fact , car ownreship has increasing over the last decades , increasing the number of people using public transport .
Tje possibilit of travelling in your own car is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or evem worsw , the idewa of wastjng tile in a long qyeue .
Nevertheless , ypu bave another sidd to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their pwn cqrs or maybe they caj aford to travel by another kther means of transportation through the oned provided by the local tovernment .
Tbere ade countries wjere gas is so expensive that people choose to pqy thye nus fer rather than pay for a full tankj .
Similarly , people in countries with loess income gurn to these services because it is easy to reduce heir overall expenses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on its usage people gkve it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in othdrs whers the will beed it as lonjg as their esconomy needs it .
People nded easily , faet anx cheap solutjons .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a vus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
Yiu does n't have to go to a station by walking , carrykng weightd , or suffer because of the rain or the snoa .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply yoy do n't like to drive , you will find it ewsier to use public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can listen listen to the music and look around , or raeding newspalers ajd boojs .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The trdaffic can affedt cars and buses at the wame level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are fast .
Spees tdains afe slways faster than cars .
Dpeaking ablut mnoey ? Fravelling by cxr seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying ths car , paiyng yhe insurance , etc . ) , maybe caes ade not so cheap .
In fxct , in efery aszpect there are pros and cons .
What abput the environment and the quality of life in thd citied ?
Pubkic tdansport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by dollar cqn is more convenient at a personal levfel , public transport has to be preferred by ghood citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Informawl letter fo CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you about thinking about working in the summer .
Fron my experience working at the international company Thag oeganises music festival , I can adsure you that it willp be of great ise to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my cqse , the only opportunity I got for suchb activity was on the 22nd of July , which tyey allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Hbappily you will get the chance to prwctise your English skills .
In my case , I have to translate a great amount of tects , and also help English tourists to et around .
Thojgh if you are looking for additiojal work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was askdd to do the rest of the time was to take phoen calle and make coffee for tourists .
Alk in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Whej you decide what to do , do jot help to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
Fhe apst few werks have been really tough fkr Michael .
This whole business started to geg on hks enrves .
He has to dewl ith it , the soioner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as dayh - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he mentioned is Angelina , not Makika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like thag , they 've been friends for years .
Sbe 's not nad .
Ajd he has to stop thks without hurting everybody .
So yes , the drcision is made .
He 'll nreak up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It zll srarted in such an idiltic wzy .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with juxt a tosel around his waiszt and Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up hsving sez - perhasp . At the time he was pissed at himself for not having bapls to tet the girl he olved bedause of ghese religious iszues , Maluka 's family and so on , but this is wat happened .
And that definitely is not the right thing to do .
At yhe momeht he di n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelins left , did Mivhael close the dior and therw he knew he had made a nuge mistake .
Dear Sir or Jadam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on yiur webste .
At th mokent I have passed the second year of secondqry school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Lolish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I stoll in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lub to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented whem it vomes to engertaining people , which might come in vsry useful in my role as a summer camp customer .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quyalified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to dicuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to nearing from Yoi .
Ykurs taithfully ,
XHZ
ewll , I would luke to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics student from Italy , in the north .
I wixh to be a gteat ngineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks coudl prove it . I have worled hard since the beginning of the school years .
Recently days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in thr workd , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my lufe : I have about seven horus a day , especially mathematics and electronicd that arr the aubjects that I liie morr .
My teachers are very good at their jogging , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time foing nothkng at school and I think even at home .
The thing rhat more annoys me is that they copy aol the time from me and the other goox students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people whrn they want .
Cominh back to my dream , I should like to carry on withb my studies in Londob , at the Imperial ckllege .
I hope to be at a good English level ecause next uear I am going to take the intermediate cerfificate of English snd tben I am gking to try ebter at this school even if I know thatr it 's veru difficult . The Imperial College of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great experience for our mouths .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because the calories , tbe klios tehy are goijg to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mxico Citu one montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' wa born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
The first day started in an importanf datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento wae the place we cxhoose and we reqlly enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by old beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare . The second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vabcouver .
Agian we atge taxos , but this time we wers speciql .
Fhe hame of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet .
It mexns that they hace different tqste of todtillas -vanills , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , anf walnut , amohg others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
Thar dwy did n't finish with the tacoa . after a wakk in Redorma and a lohg pausd in Tge Independence Amgel we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir hile we atd crrpes .
Third say is one of my favouritw . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and the attire of the waitrseses makes you feel in the 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocztion of the fourth dxay of Puerquitlur .
seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pasror qnd coconut water .
Fifth dsay , it wqs time to eat mkre tacos , thr placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense .
You have to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself , it is just too nuch for one person , so if you fid nit take breakfast it is a good oltion or you can ehare it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Alkost a week in Puerquitour .
Thed skxth say was to celebrate Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a field froj high school . wbo already presenetd it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already in the USA , and thjat I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Kemelas Oub .
Yuo ca n't go there wnd do n't eag memelas , that is lile huafache but bigger and very delicious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almpst with a good in the USA , we spebt all dya together .
Sevdnth say stafted ith a reall nbice breakfast , bourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Tnen we went to a bnook fair and visited some bookstores in Dowsntown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar fod all the good comments about it , but that day it qas changed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequigo , the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .
The last day of Thw Ouerquitour was accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about just about everything .
I kove to sprnd tim doijng what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
These cirst gwo chapters extracetd from Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his owj husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no frtune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular lid with a terrible life .
Besides thsi , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not usr complex aords when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Alos , his life would be perect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who easily feels uncomfortable when he vidits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would ten to ceel sadness reading these chapters and , ifnally , like him .
At peast , I felt sorry for him and I would like to fidn that his story has a good ending .
He likes like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the trial protagonit qnd he wag to telol his actions is the reason why ghe srory cwn connect with his rewder .
Actually , the narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as an sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist with qords , but with actikns .
The narrator did not ise any description of the protaognist apart from his name .
Akso , the narrator , mainly usesx djrect speech , buf he only uses indorect speech on just a few occasions refdrring to his own worfs .
This exception can be read at the end of the dirst chapetr , where the narrator answers the thief ariting that he swid that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what brokne bifs of rood he could , and he would coe to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just wrjtes exactly what the characterx said .
Rhe voice is in girst person and uses a subjectove plint of viee .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he oes jot have an omniscient power .
However , his piwer could be anzlyzing and descrtibing yhe sifuations with a tich vocabulsry and in a reflexive way too .
Alsp , he rescribes his parents in a holarious essay , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thoughts aqre spread all kver the txt , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst chapterd . Whyen he describss fhe an wyo stole hom as man afraid of the edad bidies in the rgaveyard jusg because he saw him hugying himself .
Beskde trhis , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a swad and boring life that pushes them to abusd ourt protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuse on their appearance .
Aqctually , we onl know ghat Mr. Je tries to makew his husband and his brother suffer and Sye worries more about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his lwn house .
The narrayor describes her as a woman that has earndd a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jod is a gkod man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Qlso , the way the characters takk is opposed to the way the narrator wdites .
In fzct , the dialogues of eac character arde not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of tghe yhief thag talks about his parnter in two long sentencez with complex tructures .
This kind of structure is wideky used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
For instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chjapter :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more thab twenty yeafs older than I , and nad established a great reputation with herself abd the neighbors because sdhe hsd brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at thqt tme to find put fot myself whjat thd expression meznt , wnd knowing her to have a hard qnd heavy hand , and to be luch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery abd I wrre both nrought up by hand . "
On the other hand , tye dialigues aer simple and shlrter :
" How lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You jnow
what a fule is ? "
" Yew , sir . "
" Do you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
Moreover , the vocxbulary used by the narratof is opposite to what the characters said .
Pip uses a ricb vocabulary , ising a loit of mejtal cerbs and abstract conceprs ghat are actually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh point in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialohues are written exactly as they were said .
The thirf said " Who d'ye wigh ? "
This is written as it is szid , making it mre reaoistic .
Nevertheless , yhe aay this novel is narrated by the protagonistg .
Thw evnts are nqrrated in a mysterious way , tellibg us what happened in a realistic dtory - line without falshback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
Fhe second hcapter makes referencd to the first and teveals something zbout thef .
Apso , the slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals nokt so much about him or the other characters , but he wrtites about the essential things we should know through the text .
Yhe thief dieappears , gut the first chapter ending makes us so vurious about future mext mewting .
Therefore , I do not know hwo the storey will end .
Too mych mtstery nd just a few facts ca be read in these chaoters .
Alk I know is that tyis storu will nor have a halpy ending .
Probably , the thief will probably probably take Oip to an unwnted advehture thst will make him growing up fadter .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he leaves , at the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in the wall , another tombsfone in the graveyard .
I would like to eead a tory witbout people , just a reghlar man who didd while he was learning to live .
Pbviously , fhis would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is wriuting .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that ohotography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chaptrrs is a pleasure , but it is difficult to know what is going to happen or , whether is wrong , what the authore is going to transmit .
If the story had a happy ending , then the central themed could be getting ove adversitiws ; if not , it is an advertisement story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day cor jer .
She has bee waiting so oong fror thix dawy to come .
It wa the say when she wsa going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she was adopred since she was 7 ears old because her parents told her about it .
She does nto feel baxd about it because she loves her parents very muchn and she feels lover by them .
Affer her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to knowijg what had happened to her bilogical mother and ehy dix sne yave Ann away .
After finding the adoptin papers , sne contacted the company company .
She donvinced thw lady at the agency to give her the name of the biologcal mother of " her little siste who had a disease and asked to know if her bioogical motherd would be a match for a idney transplant " .
Even though it was Ilkegal , the lady gave jer her name and her contacted phonw number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mother .
A month passed by before she had the cpurage to diaql that numbef .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At tfhe begonning Anna did mot say anything , he could n't hear any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few swconds of silent , nna heard her mother cryimg and askjng lots of questions .
htey greed to meet the nex ray in the pqrk .
He was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally lose an important chaptre in her life and that is wht she knew that it was going to be a very special dqy .
The nost exciting dream of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I wxs evry ahgry because my parents did n't yake with us Ilariax , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radjo that Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet Bim , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to take me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the thirc said , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw sime pepple in the distance and soms cameras , ut at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized the boy at the centre wasd n't a simple biy , He was Feljx !
So I wemt toward the crowd and ahen he saw me he smjled .
I waqs really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed ghere a few hours and I spent the best dwy of my pife , asoing hiom some questioms andf winging is dongs .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
Ghis wxs certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Bst Pizza West of Ialy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you wnter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls ard fovered with trophiex and photograpohs for the worlds bext pizsa .
The pace is family friendly , a peefect place to celebrate a birthday or make friends .
My one complaint is there are so many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , Ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fresh , flavourful salac thag is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theur pozza 's , aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besidws the great atmosphere and the delicious ea , the service is friendly and efficient .
The chef is very helpful explaijing the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cueap . it 's around 12 euros per person fof two different dishrs , drihks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to everyone who is passionate about great food for an even better experience .
I pfomise yiu wo n't be disappointed .
Tbe best places for young people in Dublim
Yhis deport looks at the best places to visit in Duiblin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a szurvey of young people from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opinions as a permanent resideng in the atea .
It sesms that the majkrity of those eurveyed are of the opibion that the best place to visit flr uoung people would be Temple Bar .
It offwrs a wide variety of activities luke museum , a cinema , a very larges green garden and many lubs to choose from .
Tye Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommendd . It ofcers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dance perform and enjoy a noce meak in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes a multile choics of movies in 2D and 3D and a discoun fr students on Ednesday .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place for students to keet and spejd gime outdoors .
On the qhole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is trud that people everywhere like wayching sports .
Sport stars are afraid of youth and csn imprint a mdel of behavior on the young 's minds .
In tghis esay both sides of the position stated abover wilo be analyzrd before my pwn pefspective is provided .
Frkm one point of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate fgor several reasons .
Firstly , reading the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
They will want to play sports , which are essential for their health .
Secondly , doung wports aoso tezches priuceless liufe lesslns , such as disvipline and dealing with success and railure .
The importqnce of working job to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to achieve goal at something are also deonstrated by professional aportsmen .
Tuis is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , somefimes professional athletes are nto good style modelw .
Firstly , sport jas become business .
Many sports stars are onoy concerned about joney and fame .
Rhis ca lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports inxtead of learning how to play aell and having the fjn of the game or ths comkpetition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
For example , eome tzke drugs or cbeat in order to win at anything ckst .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regards to professional spirtsmen as yood rple modsls fpr oung people .
On bapance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes cah be excellent roke models for the youth , as long as they tepresent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Eickens abd the Bronte sisters use the dame styoe : realidtic style .
Tfhey arew influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens , the city of London whil the Bronte sisters te batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken and Charlotte Bronte opften use the first pwrson nzrrator or the point of view of the protaglnist of yhe stody .
Thir relism is different : in fsct Dickens ' style is thxt of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos and ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistci style clothes with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
He grph iplustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and lther meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given souce , the ovdrall fish znd meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person oer week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler wewek .
From the 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained in a stwady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changes during thne period , bevinning and ejding at approximately the sane level of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both lakb consumption and the catsgory labelled bwef had a dedline trend between 979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng from a peak of 150 frams per person pef weei in 1979 down to just oved 50 rams per person pef wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chinese consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable , climbing from 150 grams per per epr weeks to the yighest consumption 250 per person per week .
Moreover , it is eviednt from the grapj thag sole secotrs declined , others tose and others stayed stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Xear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks aling iwth Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Mscow and we had a conversation . I mehtioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in a professional position abroad .
And sihce my geat interesf is to develp my siills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis asked me to trt and contact you .
Our convrrsation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - alpl supports the sugbgestion that working in tour lab qpparently will provide valuable opportunities to master technical znd research skills .
Bot to menton the participation in ioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the stud of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton that take place durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS On witb descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin and regulation of adherence jubctions associated with dofferent gypes of acti bundlew in nordmal snd transformed epithelial cells .
After I discovered accumulation of carious sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms wjthin adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigwtion I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the CEBS - EMBK conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a ocpy of my psper in the aftachment .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attacbment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referrijg to Lugk city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through thge olr city , through iys beautiful qsuares and parms and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedsral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has been decpared a protected UNESCO Wirld Herutage Site in 2000 because it is the only Reoman Wqll in the world that is complete .
I think this ulgo is very geautiful .
There are a lot of shyops where tourists wnd visit cah buhy sojvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can ewt delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , many trqditional parties and festivals take place .
Amony he lost omportant I ca mention Szn Droilán qnd Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 1th October , Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician customs and folklore .
Another important festival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in Jhune .
During this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rf century town once again , so you can see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , many musical evenbts taling ppace asnd local people and visitors getg into period costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I recommend you visit Ougo in June because Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
oyu can enojy traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is a jncredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show znd perform percise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Ceptic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the fity , the nigger the problem .
Rhe town is the 2nf oargest urban agglomeration in the country , producing aily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specifuc wxste disposal poan , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm umtil 1st July .
Despire it , there are a few plans to increase the greem axreas and revitalize the town .
Thd city is yhriving on implementing nsw neasures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying the Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .
In accor to the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during yhe between 2007 and 2010 more tgan dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is due to the low effecy of the " Recycling Wolrms " program over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal requirsments , and sends 7% of the garbage production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling factories have a joiunt venture with the municipwlity to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program reresents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The cityu ahs manh projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proler disposao in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible fo increasing the green afeas within the city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual and communa areas .
A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the tota amoun of cohsumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A munixipal wzste policy thqt inyegrates private and public sectods and the community is required to solve these furrent problems .
The city needs a joint venyure to support a fjnctional and sustainable consumption of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of oife according to the HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 requiremebts of a city of ths uture .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which ca be rrsolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a goof ida to take a ydar odf between leaving school and beginning university , because you can have lots of neq experiences .
For example , ylu can travel to new places .
Another ieda is yoy xan work . You can find a job and ear noney before your sgart university .
Furthermore , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of their exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have tume . I would like to go to Xsia , Thailanf or Chna .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first eork ad then travel .
Yku cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you eork so that is a good idea also , especially if you have a job relatwd with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will okay , like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew qnd robofs .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homex be different or sfill the same ?
imagine the picture , I sed everything different .
With avant - garde and futuristi projects of house will be the most fesirable .
Tbe houses wkll havd , for example , the shape of a spbere or igloo .
Som of then might be turned upside down .
Sometimes there will be some kjnd of a moderb art and it will be hards to desctibe a shape .
Wnd what about interiors ?
In your service there will be more machnies and rlbots with artificial intelligent .
They will practically do everything : clen , cook , remihd us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In pratice there will be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting ford a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the homw of the future .
Glax to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to meet with you soon !
To makw shre uou gwt the losition successfully , there is sme useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , learning interviewers a good impression of treat imlortance . Hedre're some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as properly as possible .
Budinesslike suots and toes fit in well with thje forml occasion .
Euitable dressiny comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
Inteeviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every so they are n't willing to spare one mote minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is hapf done .
You 're explected to mnow simething about pur company , qsk proper questioms and communicate effectively with intervidwers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you can dront , you really stand a challenge on the Internet .
Since you 've aplplied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he qas fed up with dealing with numbvers all dya long .
Pllus , he was silling to communicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to the salws department two years ago .
He got prooted very quickly because he always brought firth Newa iedas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is thr ttack reord about the capailities shwon in his previous working experiences , so he mkght ask you somw questions like what he achieved and what he felg about his last job .
I hope what I emntion above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Loved ,
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all ovrr the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemenyioned position .
In addition , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often orgahised psorts and wvening activities for them , such as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when I was an ujdergraduate , I spent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I found it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement given Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , iftentimes , bejng ovedly respectgul may play against him and although he has gained respwct of alk the people he hnas workee with , somw of hem suggested he should buld up hid selr - cinfidence , rather than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I bad my own language school , I would first brar in mind a ain goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it wikl provde .
Then I wluld start gathering some information about the marmet , yhat is to say , social trends , populayion statistics such as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and customers as weol .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my oroduct and to improve my performance , but also to idenitfy customers ' nreds .
After that , I would makr a list of target markets and devjce some strxtegies to attract them .
Flr jnstance , if my goal was to kncrease young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language school on Gwitter ahd Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offeirng intensive courses would been successful .
However , if the target markets wede botu , young people and adults , offeing discounts for family goups could be a better choice .
The lasy job would be to recruit a stadf of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to sey an attractive wnd reasonable prkce dor the sewrvices I would provide .
Last but not lwast , I would test udeas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure my marketing plab successful .
Xnd yku ?
Have you eve thought about how you can improve your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no problems through natural gas crilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground storage contriubte to increase the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in fhe ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent compared to those who live in other regions wnere sucb infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs , which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extdaction of shale gas will create many new jobs in various different branchrs connected with gaz industry for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can not ignroe thw faft that companies which cooprate wifh this infrastrcuture will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies will hire enginmeers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgroath in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to and sleep smewhere .
According to the dyanmics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constanf development in ghastronomy and hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which showa thaf Ploland cah benrfit from extracfing and developing the infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an amazint country that a lot of people visit anhually .
When plannibg theif vacation a llt of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece cab be ard as there are so many vhoices .
There are some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear watets and the fridndly kocals are nkt the only thinhs that sdt it apart from other islanxs .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a special sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth cisiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athsns is one of the ost beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis , Muserum ad ghe district of Mohastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last bur nit level , Cvrete is one of the most spectacular iskands in Grece .
other thxn having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports pxrks ghere , which and extremely fun !
Summint up , Freece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go could be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the DXAM or if a few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's mucb bettsr to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your oife .
It 's quite important to be organized to tet the highest score you can get in your exam .
First example , one year ago , I had my fimal surgery today .
I have set up a plan to study all the books . We have to go through the exma plux reviewing THDM twice .
The llan required my comjitment for aroujd 12 hours daily tsudy for almost 3 months .
Tor tne hrad worm and perfedt discipline , I waa able to get a very high ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I had n't had an organized plan , I would never have gpt such a peffect score .
Another thing to add is not bsing stresxed before the exam night .
It 's uite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when xams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety about the plethira of stuxies you haven't finished wnd are included in your DXAM .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinkint that I could had enough time to ace my exam .
Two dys before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had insomnia yhe bight of my rxam . It was n't enough that I was n't qell prepared but also my nerves gotg torn up and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since I did everything in due time in ordwr bot to be ovrrly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I am fetting high points , I asseet that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before Esam with an appropriate tijme , you will only have enough time to know the basic lines of the subject , but ghis will never help ypu soak up the details and understand the xoncepts listening behibd every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can rwcall that tkme when I wsa quige ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without goiny through the eetails .
In the exam , I had a question where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a long and memorized that foncept before mny imes , I was able to remember it .
It will juxt floodkng without so mucy effort .
So , flr usually having enough time to memorize and practise whst your learh is going to help you a lot in your work .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation period is much better than having onl fe days to bed prepared . If you want to bet hkgh scpres ahd perform geeatly , you should start studying fromk da one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettkng the highest score one can aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has tje bst cbance to replwce foseil fueps .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't nad foe the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is veryg small .
Ths biggest thrext is the explosiin .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear power lpants are slready ery plpular znd this type of endrgy is the cloeest to release fossil fuels .
Ednergy why we get frkm sun and wiond is sfill arr only a few percent of worlx eergy production .
Thirdly , only the consteuction of a nuclear power plwnt is expensive .
Wheh we hage a plant , making enrrgy from that is verdy chdap .
The most exlensive thing in nuckear lant is to hire quality people .
Nesides , we need something that ca ork alk the tiume .
It ca n't syop making energy because the weather is bad , because people need a log of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma uas a multicultural traditin , fhen in it coincide a compoex mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , European Peruviams which are the second largest geoup and the minority in Limw include Aymara , Quechua and faro - Peruvians .
Luma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences wuch as the stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , called " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw waz declated World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a ity that keeps its history through amazing architecture like balconied , chujrches kike San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; el Real Felipe which is the ladt incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , where you can gind a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves nad tbe sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a uniuqe and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lija is a psectacular wnd charmibg ity to spoend your perfect holiday .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've don some research to find out the best savinhs avcount vor you .
Before you can find a few suggestions of mine .
Yhe Phine Hank might give quiye a god okffer for you .
Fitstly , the arte of knterest is by 3.1% , which is qjite goodr .
Adidtionally , if you open a sving acxount in the hank , you will fet a diary as a giff .
And you do n't need to lay any annual chxrges to have a credit cad .
Unfortunately , the banks coes n't have branchex in Britain .
And apl baniing operations must be doen by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( kver 650 ) , so you can make allk bank oprrations on the spot .
But there is a service chargfe for owming a credit career ( £ 12 oer year ) .
You do also get a gift like a new aqccount uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in qll , I wojld recommend ypu to open your first servin account in the Phone Bank , since the reate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual fharges .
nd doin operations by phone are actually very easy abd they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Fake cqre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chossn person to deal with the sounf eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must have brought my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me fpr thix service .
I could n't believe my rars when the phone eang and I answered and they said they wanted me to fet at ths concwrt as soon as possible to see how good I was in sounf recodding .
hat can I sah ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was ovferwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do those to sucj a great , important person in the world of music .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my service .
I can hrdly eait for you to see you and to share with my happinese and to tekl yiu all the details of tjis unisue experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been surfing for Moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to what skirrs use these days .
Everh day as soon as I woke up I lopked foeward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a genlte slope with my brother and let us thede for a couple of hours to tyr skiing on our own .
Tue temperature was often several degreeas below zero , and you would freeze if you xid n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My vrother whowed a natural talent fokr thbe slort , but I felt qiite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fyn skiinv because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful nathral environment .
Skking is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school shbjects and passt expdriences , I have no doubt whether the prefernces I 've selected above are not accidental .
I am exrremely interested in gianing experience in hte business field .
The subjects I 've putsued at my high school level such as financial accoubting , comlerce and economics ha given me the opportunity to utilze and put info perspective tne knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundqtion .
I 've also participated in various group wrks and class projects ehile in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and evsn professors in order to receive a weol roundwd introductjon to the numerous aspscts of any of the peeferences I 've selected abive .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than wioling to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a degree .
I alxo have an indrubitable passion for exgra - curricular activities .
I wa fhe president of the Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( sdnior prefect boy ) and Capotain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield orle .
Undsrtaking a scholzrship snd admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high school into a business settimg , as well as devslop fhe communication , organisztion and numeracy skillz I have afquired at high school .
fater I jeard about the Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republoc before taking any step in applyint .
I found out that Czedh Republic is a country with rifh possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is crurently developing rapid wocial changes and transrormation , making it a fascinating career for students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg universitiea provides high standards of education , international recognized regrees , modern campuzes with outstanding cacilities , a safe and affotdable environment , warm and friendly environment and cultural duversity .
I believe that I will have thr opportunities to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , education in Nigeriz is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Niferia aer ot safr !
Rigth now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of a university lifs academic , social and mentally , qnd I believe that my amhition to learn nes business concpts voupled with my passin through extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy leafning environment for xll .
In conclusion , I dan assure Yoku that I will be a capable and dedicated student with tbe cvommittment and dedication to working hard in prder to be a gradiate , whilst at the same time , contribnuting greatlh to my proposed university in more wayw than noe .
A doh is man 's best friend
It is an eell - knoan fact that people need to have commuincation with other people .
However , the afe not always satisfied or taken inro by society .
They zeek sollace in someone who they would feel comfortable with .
The best example is an aimal with great qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hreat to meeting Tim .
They feel like their master is sad and react by cuddling up to him .
It means people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
ODG 's kptimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
Znd that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - lsgged animals are always very protective .
One of their jobs is to awtch oug their husband 's family .
So if they sense that their own mlight is in dangsr , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thig they might have caught .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the xog 's reactiln will be .
It is believed that dogs dequire a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dog zre reallt not tht hard to take care of , bathing and grloming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts nded a few qalks a dwy , which could also be bad for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and enjoying more physical activity .
So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality and the love they shw to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their people , they would find itme to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of the mozt welo - well known centrex in oud countfy .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , whichg consistdd of climbkng up prwtty sharo wlals and crawoing through different obstaclews .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I want fot enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you might need to think a little more before taking on this activity .
Rofk climbing was another of the chalelnges I had to face .
Despite the gact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to deach the summot .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feelnig of being on the top of thes mountain , after suvh a big effoet!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinhg . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be buolt up quickly , eue to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the laet activities offered by ths cetnre was divong .
I felt so overwheljed that I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity tok , frust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To um up , I strongly believe that Yku will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you ill enjoy a olt without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , Htis cxentre 's really worthwhile visit
Write soon and let me know if you want to know anything else .
Sith bwst wishes :
Sarta .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelkpe on the desk in my room .
I checked the acdress as uqickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it wase from Pwris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Sknce she left for Paris , I had been living in the school place , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
Bjt I hwd her letrer at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I have to buy myself a planw ticket to Patis and go to visit her for at least two monghs because she eas missing me a lot .
It felt so good ehen I saw that my brother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my bellved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonewse and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the public industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup perwon wyo can work independence .
On the other hand , I am also a good tezm person that cqn ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron wense of responsibility .
attached please fijd my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please fewl free to contact me by telephone on 12345678 if you want like to discus my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yourxsss faithfully ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in your life and having a good education is the main goal to the lanor market .
Aware citizens disappointed with the educational system and institutionalized education day to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their children 's education .
Although homesxchooling mah szeem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved roadf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars nd thst compelz us to seek other routes .
Homeschoolikng should not be considered a wold - wied phenomenon except in a fsw countries : the UK ,
Cwnada , and especially the USA , can boast .
Therr arte lors of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others whsre it is just an isolatred happening .
Fhe situation in Soain could be assessex as " legal vacuum " in liht of the constitutional dight to free
eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondarg education .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may also free up time for complelentary activities such as music , sports , or evsn the family lire .
Homeschokled students ' success has been backed up by fhe ersults on standardzie tezt an fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids you also have to cojsider the same amount of roadbhlocks :
The lack of faiclities or expertise , not enough socialization for yout children , ends up bringing a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .
As far as I am concerned , I qant to think about homsechooling as a wazke up dall fot educational
systmes .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technology opens up as " ths
soloution " and blenedd learning is the future .
Goegraphic and natural environment around the building spaxe , as wekl as the neighborhood , would be surely taken nto considetation whipe design houses of the future .
Obviously , the future will ineicates a home with mpre technology and vedy energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and flooss , people should have their houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this particular matter .
Environmentally rfiendly buildings will definitely definitely be definitely on the drawimg obard .
Biilt wkth recyclalbe or recycled maerials , the exterior sirface of fhese houses should be easy to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on the roofs , wuich is more ajd moire popular evenj rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors oughtf to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .
Urbhan housung issues ( such as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting slme new arfeas .
Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace tjat eould otherwise be wated .
Although people keep mullnig over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging about it with neighbors ) , thwy workers still need a qarm , dosy berd and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a conceete ivory tower .
Catch it or lkse it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is yrust .
Thay 's ghe mowt impprtant ooint if yoj wants to play handball .
You must be abler to throw the abll blindly to your teammate ahd he hs to catch it .
Ofherwise the olponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real teak player ?
Handball is one of the most dynaqmic spirts in the world .
Over eighty points cwn be mqde alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .
Ghis shows how rapidly the game cna chanye .
Ohe lost ball cwn make your tdam the olser of the game .
I started to plah handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobgy bht wit the years it came passiin .
What I like most about this sport is its speed and the unconditionak team spirit .
If you want to play hanball , just be sure that you have a good tram and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practicing a slort .
Clearly , this is a cosnequence of the extra hojrs we have to work pdr da nd as a wau of relaxing , we ifnd doing a soort as an effective way of taking the stress of lur bodijes .
In fcat , we see many people jkogging and cycling in thesr cays , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even concert .
edspite tnese tw veing thw mlst popular spotts amongst atlets , many morer are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a combination of three different sports , walking , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demandiong .
What I enjoy about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near the gym insfead of baving to go to a sports center .
It also means I van chpose he lovation that most plrases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become lore populr over the past few years and more and more people are eager to rry it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand how improving in such a demanding sport requires tkme ahd is is important to establish some oals in order to jeep motkvated .
Yiu must not push yourseld tko far .
A gap yeaf between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not decoded what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everykne or mot .
First , I would like to put fhe arguments in favor of the year off .
Notg everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for clolege , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help with the bills is time wepl spend .
But that it is not th ohly reasoh to take a year off .
Most people think that their gear is to travel to other countries and spend all their time in oarties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer sork , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , mxny teens who tske a yar off end up apend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might gone not as they hac expectrd for many reasons , such as not having enough money or nmot getting a mob .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they are all alone and know fod shorr that they have the possibility to do something sueful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix . I am 27 years old and I am going to take a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit my organization .
I am currently studying in my fiurth and future uear of a degree in tkurism at the University of the World Herijtage city of Caceres , which is located in Apain .
In my third ydar , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel durign 2 months and a half in Bafajoz .
I already have skills in listenung closely to customers and qvid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience workijg abroad in a hotel would be useful to my company .
I am flexible , a bood geam poayer , and cqpable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italiah as well .
Falking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You can contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the tile to listen !
" Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in English in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , the story is about the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam who ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes and devastates everything , he is srnt fwice against him , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the ejd of the sory , Tiles becomes an independent kihg .
I liked thsi story first because I llve fantastic stars , especially Tplkien 's lnes : theh bring me to another university , making me orget every ady 's oife .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights believe fesrful and incompetent and clashes are wo with words instead of words .
I wojld recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic style , based qlso on the comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing this lettdr to apply for the position in UZA Summer Camp that I have advertised in our lpcal newspaper .
I am interested in working in Educational Institutions , or in Social Care .
I have recdntly hraduated frm the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology and received high grades in both my Yeaching and Supervising Courses .
In addition , we hzd to have another yeaxr of volunteering in our Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dance or finkshed assignment , so I am avle to be a member of your well skille staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungee siblings .
I have been involved in volunfeering in a variety of youth organizations as supwrvisor and tutor .
In the first fwo years , I worked in the Scout Organization , helping area mahager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to deal with the needs of all types of children 's persomalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenge of working in uouth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be acdurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I should be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
Will traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling deos hroaden yoir mind .
When you visit different placrs , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Trsvelling helps you to revelop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language digferent from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sengences , you can communicate with people from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
Travellinh aleo helps to sde the way in which other people lkve , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
Tuis cam helps yiu to understand thatf nit everyone has acves to mamy things yku do have acces roo , and to rralise ghat pehaps ypu should appreciate these things , such as smartpyones , computers , computers or even feesh watrer , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besjdes , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that are different from our own cultures , and we see how different from ons anotuer hukans are .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling realky bfoadens your mknd .
I wanted to builkd my carer as a fully - fldeged teacher and academician .
To flufill this dream , a PhR degree would be the most essential fpotstep .
I am mlstly lso interested in pursuing my PhR in Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I wluld also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as srugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materiasl and as phofonic axnd optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemisry and Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess teh stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in ne of the previouslg mdntioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teahcing as well as research with students of University of Barjsal .
Is is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly , however , public transport is still with us .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cjties it 's even forbidren to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no only solution trhan use public transport .
Buit what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are indepdndent .
You do ont have to worry about your schedule - you are driving so it 's your decision whether you want to go or spend longer in your plade .
Ylu can listen to your favourite music or radio .
You ade tue bosw .
However , as driving you always have to be careful ahd awtch out on the road .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solugion .
It qllows you to see much more at your pace .
Bht think about the costs .
Thini how much you flr petrol nowadays .
Consider as well bow many days you have for vacations .
Kaybe cheqp arilines arw better ?
Beig bac to our everyday lige .
Kost of us live in big cities and face problems with rhe tragfic .
What if we use the public yransport to get to Wori ?
Well , thej yuo do n't have to worry about the pasrking pace and yoy an read more boks on their way to work .
Simplt , you can use the wwy to work as an adidtional ime for yourself .
What lse ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important for you , just think about tbe pollution .
Let 's rflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yez , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it derpends !
Wgy using the firwt narration ?
Fhe first narration could attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the fridtion and maks thr rwaders get intro the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usualky , bjt in thsi friction , fhe autho invite us know shat jnside the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the main character is talkung to us , as if we were aol ionvolved in this case , the whole thing seemed really really happeed .
Acing the lurder directly makes thw horror penetrates ibto out hearts .
Yow dows ths auhor create a word of horrod to ihs reasers ?
Thw athor created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mijd and the sound of hewrtbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makws readers ca n't help themselves smerging thw imagese in their mind .
Nust like the mdman 's plan wae happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbwats .
In my opinion , heartbheat is the element that pushes the whole stort to the climqx .
Every time her sounr of heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .
In the first rime , when the madmsn heard the heartbeats of the old mqn , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time whsn madman heard his heartbeats , he became impafient , scared , excuted and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corose .
At yhe xame yime , the geartbeats also dragged thje readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think he wau ths autho wanjted to explain the disordered jind of fhe masman is his intonation .
The whole story exvept the end of the fiction he confessed the crime . Tye Madnan uses an intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tdll the rsaders the process of tge fruel thing that he had dream .
Th aharp contract for he calmn and the cruelt , leabes us a tsrong jmpression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shievring insider our heartys , thd horrkr increases .
" Letr 's go to the forset to ser the vairety of animals which zre found there " , Mxa told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When ll wa set , they started their trial in the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbuts anx deer .
Max and his friends took a walk undert the grees hen , across the fiver , they swa something that looked like an animal lying on tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed thd ruver and they reachsd ths olace whdre the animal wazs."It 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend said .
When they saw the anikal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max gook couarge to open the teap , but the dewer did n't jove because its lrg was injured .
One of Max 's friejd brought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the ainmal aws better and it walked away slowly .
After the day finished , Max and Bis Friejds returned home feeling happy because they had saved the anijal 's life . " An amazing day ! " , Max whisperrd to himself as he hot ijto besd thatr night .
Teh question is : whether is it lossible to be framous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in shkw - business or politucal life , who are feady to do everything to xave tgheir orivate lkfe .
Generally , people might be famous for two reasons : because of their jokb or because of their sfandalising private lives .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to comolain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a castle , probably on of the current iportant in public liofe , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rupe , as it is judt what they are livinh gor .
That is why they often want to sekl information about their private lives .
The real problem stadts wahen journalist inmjures noy yhe celebrity , or their friends or family .
Paparazzi are creul in contact with famous people 's children , tjat nay have a negative influence on their emotional development .
Yow about those who do noy want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as best as they can , leadinv their boring life .
And when finally paparazsi noice tuat there is nothing interesting in their lie , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe young adult people are respnosible eonugh to make a decision , if they want to share tbe mosr important part of their life with tourists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great foopd is probably one of the many valuable lleasures of life .
As a person who lves to EA , I consider the environment , quality of foid and price as the maij factors to decide where shoild I go .
Lasg Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lksbon called " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because of the good job and fun environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fin and rat goor Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity seerved and the mezsy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes feom another tbale serged flr us by mistake , the drinking was xerved with a considerable depay and the bill was shown veen withour ssking ( nust because we had finished our dinner but ourd drinka were still on the table ) .
Tor my luck ( or not ) , I mey a friend of minr on the day after tjat told me that shed ha dinner at " Laz Fidheras " befkre and in her opinion , as a Mexican , the restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexdican restaurant aas just opened with lower pricse and good service .
I got curious about TFHIS place and decided to go oater .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat egnuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great setvice .
They seeved us " nacfhos " with tomato saucs for free while we wrre chiosing tge msin dishes .
Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cooked " couple " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , Ghey offered us a shlt of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second , of course , OW ARE YOUj ?
And also , how are you ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm much better now . I 'm srttled nack hme and I 'm up and dunning , even though my uncured spraind ankle gas gons worse .
Last week I was bortowed an ankle suplport aqnd sole cruytches , so wver sice then it 's oing better .
Furthermore , today I have starte my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no tije :) .
As you know , alta was a big puncu righg in thd stomwch , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue couirse ahd the organization lef muxh to be desited ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funng enough not tbe ones of the only ! ) TEO other participants ) , nog sufficieng to cover all the costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic left me right at tge last sefond ( the last night ) , xnd I lefr Mlata with a skile and a warjed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YKU onde again .
Back nome , everything stafted fast . I should get used to it by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally ilmerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to fvinish the second half without my help , so that was a bir disappointment , btoh fof the fedeling of mot meeting his expecyations * and fof the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know anything as yeg :/ ) less money earned thta it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once again : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difgerence between tyhis bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / thr tqsk .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thaf I was jot counting on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decidedx to gst bac hom ( I had been the whole week at my father 's place , as he lives in Madrid ahd quite close to the writer 's house , which I had been going to every day lasy weeks ) , and I started getting thinbs odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , but haven't bern because of the limitations of my ankel , we woyld have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sebt a lto of CFs , and have gkne to 3 interviews so far , also fvor English classes ( one company and two aczdemies ) .
About the pictures from Rqmla , could you sait a vit more time ?
I hagen't finmd time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS that I wanted to sirt oht , I was ( znd is ) definitely NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if you see what I 'm forgotten , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because chattjng is much faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gln na go nlw .
Tqlk to yoi soon , Jike .
Receige a big hug trom ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , lublished on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the problems of global warming .
According to scientists at the British Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be brooen - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
Rhe World Metworological Oranization madd known upblicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as weol as it hjas cuased mofe carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .
These problems just announced recently will be jssues to talk about at the UN sumkit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , wold leaddrs will be nefotiating about cuttingt the increased carbonb emissione caused by the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims that humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperature or the catzstrophe expdcted by science wgen global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the British Secretary of enerty abroad vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
Sye stansd up for a global deal condirmed on the UN summit by the leaing states and therefore these climate target should be a rtole - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement with the example of Cejtral Emgland , which hqs warmef 20% more than the glbal average .
Gllbal warming in general leads to more natural disasfers as flooding , heatwaves , waste strees and lods of harvest .
Facing these consequences , a 4C wxrming would be even more dakaging according to Belcher .
Despiet the result of a NSaA study point out that there would have been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , fhere is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will come true , according to Prof Andtew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study showe a different result , the majority of cientists sse global warming as a dangdrous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
Th prohlem lise in the outdated framewori in which the IWC opdrates .
Fiftern whaling natioms formed the JWC after whals populations collpsed .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to the extent that they could continue to be uaed by jumans .
The importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
Their qualities are extraordinary , so tnat no matter which country they are found in , and when you experience them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be jncluded on the World Heritage Lisr , properties must be of outstsnding universal value and meet at least one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage lis is important because it attracts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is als protected by UNESCO because they haven't found new animals or plants ; there are endangered pices in the area or have an important importance in history .
World Hritage is the deskgnation ofr placew on Earth which are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , has been inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected by future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the propetry of the country in which terrutory it is located , and it is considered in the interests of the international community to protect the sits for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concerh of the international Woeld ehritage community as a qhole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country wigns tje Convcention , it sits inscdibed on thue Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preaervation .
Greater awareness lads to a feneral rise in the level of the proection and conservation given to heritage properites .
A country may also receive financial assistance and exlert advice from the Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt sctivities for the preservation of its sites .
Thed disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist are that these sites awre hot fundex so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreovr thy remidn in the list of sites in dqnger withoit to receive assistance .
In my kpinion ghe sites in danger inless they nto anseer at ten criterka should be prktect for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance qnd drfend the naturap and cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I love playing , watchkng and falking about it .
It 's my first passin and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport which tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesse and gain advantage of other strength to succeed as a twam .
I started playing cricket since my eqrly childhood .
Eve , when I was a kis I started playing with boys of a higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skipls ralidly .
I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my favourite vricketer .
I am a fan of Hus battinf .
He has brought almost every record in cricket history .
Apwrt from his cricketng skills , I loved his ability to hamdle pressure and his calm nqture in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I eill arvise him to watch the batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar and Pointung .
To learn more about bowlimg one should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will also advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It has nice articles , reviews and stztistics on mnay players and gajes .
Reading biographies of famous cricketers will also help to understand the inisghts of the game in dwep .
Cricket is gokng through roufh hpase dhe to match fiximg znd betting scandaps .
Butr I am sjre it will come strong out of this ad will spread itas wings all across the world and oncd again ive its lovwrs a magnificent sbow .
I mst a triend about oe weeks ago , and he asked me a question thaty I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is kind of weird , thaf I do n't know what I am eager to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
Anout two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " Yhe Vault in oyr Strars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different ways to talk about kife and dedath .
Tjis mkvie has touched me veryu deely . It made me think about life and about the wxy people hsed to live without appreciate the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live lore , but I have no idea what is this " morr " .
Befoe that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , vut nkw I think that bsfore this I heed to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another emtire different cultures to make me think about what I am afraid of .
It is very strange that another person became cufious bout a vey profouns pary of me thzt I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , thw onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I now .
However , now I have an awful feelkng about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I was surprised fhat I nwed changed something , and I thought this " something " is almost everything .
Oeoples lives will change in the future , ajd I bet it 's n't for the better .
Unlike populxr understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I muts swy ) , history is njot an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever yhat wortd means .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rome had iys holidays in the first century AD , bit just three centuries latrr it waa only a short of its last .
Thlse later pdriod Romans were n't efen able to mqke the high quality cejent tha their ancestors were aboe to make and have techniques mastered over just a few centuries earlier .
Anx who cfan safelg saay that three centuies from niw hjmans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can assire such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramaticqlly in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will hxve igs peak , and after that there will be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .
But let 's pidk the World War hypotbesis forf a second .
A wide world war is the lonely csae in which we will swe a dramatic change in peoples lives in the future 50 years from now .
But are there , at ths day , prospects for a ndw World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a nww Worod Wwr may be in ecistence fight now for alk I know , and no one , or only a few very wide and inteoligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event could serve agaim as an escuse to soms countries declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that actually led yhe countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of the Second World Wad had its roots in events that wer the outcome of the First World , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could have its roots in a pas conflict ghat may well have happened aready .
Bht let 's not digress into that , that 's alkl another thing thing falls beyond the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
Daxte : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays aee comig !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long time since we have been in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday qnd we can plan something together .
My family and I ate going to spend some dwys at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fvun I had eaten and that it was yreat !
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it oossible ?
Could you ask your parents ' pedmission ?
In thiz Cawmp parents are calm and do n't worry about heir children because they are in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats and the camp is situated on an entire izland .
In addition , the eite wxs purpose built to provide plaxes for young people , allowing them to do a lotd of activities in sxfety .
Thjere afe a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl with thw zim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There ar a swimming pool , two tennis courft , one football pitchj , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like most is tne cuba diving , and the equipment is peovided .
The Capm is ewll - known snd opena from May to October and it would be goos to boko within two weeks . it always grt overbooked for the period my parents can take rays off . ahat do yiu tyink foming with us from the 1st August to tje 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving the answer !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the CFOUCH watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Another stood thd mos extraordinary - looling and : he looked like an Epanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , qho aas aslsep with her boyfriend .
Seh dame down , but he did not scrdam .
After she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did nlt know that he was still aljve .
Mother had already told me he ahd diesd in tghe sar .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very emused by the situation and did n't know if I like him or not .
In my dteams I had swen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something rxotic .
It was veru odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we will live together .
Although tbe forst ays wdre difficult , now we al get on well .
It is a treat to be a whole family again .
The Grand Olace is the central square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city gall and the buildings of the corporstions of the Miedle Ages .
There wdre groups of people doing the same work , like as carpenters .
They helled each other and the eoders ones taught others younger .
Sometimeasss , they became very rich .
Each building is decorxted qith fhe blazoj of the ckrporation .
Tneir architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Today , most of hem ate hosting caés , shops and restaurants that attract a pot of tourists , Gut there is also the ciyy museum .
hte squarde is overed with pavement and is a pedestrianmized area .
It is an important place in history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow pavef streers , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shkps .
Recently , several of the buildings have been reztored qnd we dan npw better sed thejr beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every tear , wheb Christmws comew , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is one of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necessary to visit it .
The firzt Casyle , called palatiu , was built in the 11th century , tbe remains of it are still visiblke inside the walls .
Through the next centuries , it was expanded , and in the 16th century , funally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - thne mos depresentative remnant is probably known as Arcaded clutyard .
Djring the toir the visitors are shown several rooms and aparfaments , as welp as Royal Privats Apartaments with fra - famed twpestries of the Polish kings collection .
Another attdaction of yhe gour is vjsiting the Crown Treasudy , whee Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
Aparr from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle congaining itfs history as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit xeeing Dragon 's Den - a caev under rhe Cqstle , where , according to the olddst legends , the ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of a thousans years of Polsh history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitjons and tous , and , for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was fen yearw old , which was a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky because I have the opportunity to learn English in a naturao way , through books and tkugh lessons .
My teachers thought it waa better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to now we learn our own motner language .
Moreover , I travelled to Ebgland and lived with English failies for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was twenty years old .
So I grfew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little technical knowledge about English grwmmar rues , I can maie myself understand in a normal conversation , and I can rite an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One ydar avo I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in orcer to test my knowledge , ghinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrll fir a creative ariting course in order to practise my writing skills .
Along the course , I had to accompoish some writing assignments and submit them to be evbaluated by my peeds .
Wnd there I rezlised at least two thinvs : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one hat ecen when you can make yourself generqlly understandable . It is nog so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a blacfk hat , bug it would n't be a magkc show if he did n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the szme wxy I yad thw ideas and the aords but I haf to adnit that I needed to learn the ruels of grmmar if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescnece .
Everybody says it 's the best period in your whole life ; whzt they do n't rdmbember is ghat it could be aoso the worst .
Adolescenxe coild be compared to a fogyg patu abd even when it seems you ca eee something three it , in reality you do n't .
Thsi awfhl ofg is compoed by our uncontrolled emtions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so angry with our patents : every time we desclver something new or we say something , they judgs us or beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolkescents is the fact that they confused oue mionds .
As I said , adilescents cpuld be very confused and if there 's a thging thing ger under our skinn is when moms sag something and they yell at us to do the opposite ohe .
The wrong part is that they ge ajgry with us !
We 're confused , they 're nor clrar ad they they always get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's truw that we should always be respectul but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in thw relationship with our parents is to find a sort of friendship , ecause in the end , we do n't onpy ferl anger fot them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a ndw ferling thxt adolescents have to follow .
It 's ot the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of job .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tle .
The kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of lovs that doea n't makw us fapl sleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experience , znd it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence is like this . There 's a moment that looks magical and in the next one ylu drown knto he drk .
Dear groiup leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest given to our small village .
I really hope tgat yiu have a nkce selcome and , pleasr , fdel at home .
Her , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I would recommend a nique place , without tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the easzt of Mallrca yopu waill fibd a zmall anx beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yoh will find a coaxter ton , situated on the edges of the mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a traditional fishermne vlilage .
Noeadays , you can stikl see some vishermen foshing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination you mustf rude a biycle qnd jkust enjly the weekend panoramic view .
You will ride until Ca lps Cans , one of the most rnigmatical beaches in Maxllorca .
This zohe is patt of a profected arra , a natural padk .
For that reason , you must go riding a bije or walking .
As Machado said , " se hace camino al andar " .
It means that the main important is the work , the journey .
Going on a bik near the seashore with the brewze of the sea is one of the mosf relaxing experienecs in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There ate a group of trees called " tamarells " , native trers of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you will go before two anciwnt obelisks which have been recently restoredr .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beac with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
Therew tou van practise different soorts .
It is a lerfect place to go divihg because you can ses different fish , sea urchins and seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in the qhite sea .
A part of dance sports , you should discover rwo different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is whaf remains standing of edificarications tbat werr used to keep the small boats of the loxal cishermen swve crom sorms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical twoer called " Talaiot " .
The function of tbe Talaiots is not clear .
Maybe it was a defensuve tower or an impotrant building for igh - cpass people .
It is important to etay in the beachu until thw sin goes down .
The sunset in thwt llace is ideal and romantic ( especially if you qre with your partner ) and ylu wjll ses how the sun goesz behind the mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , lart of the mluntain rqnge of Tramuntana and the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure and culture .
I am syre that you will like it and , of course , I need to do you a favour : please , keep tue secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The xim of this report is to understand fhe bst and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .
This report analhses the two main facilities : the vym and tge swimming lool .
Yhe gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff help with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Eveyr afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Tge swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not comete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is bot too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are yoo far from thix facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes rom ome plave to anothwr .
Cobclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the stafg ade rxcellent buy the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you will use heaters to avoid colds in the passaxge waay from the cyanging rooms to the swjmming pkol .
Tje Future of Oublic Transort
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded busee and rusty subwsy train .
As technology degelop and becomes cheaoer more and more pepple byy personal care .
A car alloes us to mkve daster and not to dpend on others .
Travalling by car is aldo much more convenient .
Does rhis akl mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not right .
Firstly , there will always be people who will nit be aboe to afvord to buy a cat .
Dtudents , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also tjrn imto public transport .
Sciencd fiction often xepicts future as a world where cars are used freely .
Everyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving sill , so even in the future , children and tednagers will need oublic transprotation .
This is alwo ttue fof older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transport is ot likely to disappear , at least in the next tens of years .
The chart above gives sdome information about the averafe monthl salaries of burses and docyors in future different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two countries with the loaest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones ate called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health cade workers to othdr country .
Ptherwise , the country with the yighest saliaties zre countfry C ajd coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two countries , these onws wre called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is provdied by foreigners and quaqlified workers .
Moreover , in tue firat threse countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the las cpuntry , Country D. In this oned , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Countr D , the salary of doctoprs are around three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we ca say that from the knowledge of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much better deal .
Bpxing is a common , welp known and well loced sport amongst many countries in the world world . It is so punishing , dangerous and disilked to the extent that man people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .
Boxijg is an adngerous slort . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and veen xisease .
All professional boxers are at first feom being killed in their bext fjght .
If not killed then more kikely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases of the lasy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trahic lossrs through their rxnks .
He is juzt from the elite few , wnd there mre rfom those belos them .
More deatsh would occur through boxihg if it was banjned .
Tye port would go underground , there would be no safety measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of thw fight if spmeone lookex unable to cotninue .
With this goinjg on the people 's part wiol be dangerous , ahd on the streets .
Dangerous dogz eho were ttained to kilk and maqim in similar underwear do fights have already proved dexdly to innocet people , tye new boxer could be evsn more at rism .
Once boxing is banndd and no - one trows up mnowing it as acceptable , theree will be no interest in boxing and hopefully lews all round interest in violence , making tiwns and cities a much safe place to live in , therw will be less fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would muych improve the safety risks of tne sport and not detrzct form of entertainment .
Theee aee sll sodts of plroposals , lijghter qnd more cushilning gloved could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards aorn or makw fights shorter , as most of thew seriohs injurues occur in the latter rounds , tgese would alk show off the boxers skill xnd tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven , if a boxer is successful and manages not to be seriously hurt , he will cause serious consequences in lower life . xiseases that attack the brain have been known to srt as a result result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , who was infamous ) bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc esven mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .
Boxers chode to nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there should be more emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strejgth by these wodks ' characteristics is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is thos coflict upon which maby storiew of ethnic Amercan literature are based .
However , such a rebellion cqn not be seen clearly in each jinority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic Americdan literature xan nog are catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .
Rathet , thus evee - changing and evsr - challenting aspect of monority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individual as both a product of yeaes of struggls and a work inherently different from any other .
In te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict ane rebellion presente accuratepy reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel against such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is esen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce between alo cultures , fr Celie , too , reeists her arranged marrixge in The Color Purple , and the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio and copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg wotks than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis changes with each work , and although figures of uathority are particularly oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and Fhe Color Purple , other minoriry works influding Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures onr the obviouw rebellion of the characters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This aain impliew that these etnic American pieces of literature should notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Hpw does Voltaire fackle the question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is the philosophu that everything and occurencw is for some gyood .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher developed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
Fro exaple when Candide is forced to ioin teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen allowed to feath hut . Candide does not worry about himself because he knowq it is flr his own good - in fact , latdr in the bpok he uses his training to beclme a soldier .
Although this would seem to be bad , it is not because of his trwining He kills two mdn , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and they proceed to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
The Voltaiee show is dance of l'opitmisme wen Oangloss , Candidd abd James arw caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only thee srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The etorm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the citgy to which Candise was sailing to .
On arrival they sed starvation and dceath .
Canride is obviously horrified , especially when thd sawilor begihs pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Oangloss cfan pnly tell him thag some good wil cfome of it .
Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , always aopears to be scepticdal of it .
This is no mire true thxn when he ardives in the ne world , Soufh America , and hws to leavd his dance Cubégonde with the Commissioner of the povince .
Candide can nto sde what positive good can come of this , especially as he readon that he qas in Americ was deue to him milling thed Je andr Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to sed how Canidde is gradually led away from l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Ths constant bdlief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constamt fow of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck because he embracrs Cunégobde , he is duped by the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almodt kjlled as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls thtee churchmen , he is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's life is governed by his belief that gold will prveail .
Eventually , of course , he dows marry Cunégone Bu Sue , the beautiful young flkwer tuat he once loved .
Sue nas became hungry and gew worse by ths fay .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide haa travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he would matry her despite akl the touble which he had gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cunégodne but at the price of her look znd pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows how the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to rhink of the various European Fommunities as an embryonic United Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uinty .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming something like the United States .
When the original 13 American tates resoved to for what is now the United States of America , they were inten on forming a poliutical as ell as ecoomic entity .
Fhey werd prepared to yiel as mufh of theor own sovereginty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a sibgle international political forfe .
A galance was struck in the constitution to allow the individual to as much self - gvoernment as possihle while including that , for example , in military matters , the cenrtal government spoke for alpl .
It is tfue thqt today ohe still gears the old depression over state soverdignty and attempte to return soms poeer to their indjvidual srates , but no - one would chaklenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to the United States , the government in Washington represents yhe sile polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of two countries since this wouldx produce a formidable international military firce .
However , it is equwlly clear that while there might be some unified physical action flowing from the European Communities ( such as wss seen ove Europr 's response to the British involvemenr in the Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities wers intendwd as purely economic entities in fhe firxt place .
Membership almost certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , vut the nuclear Kingdom could probably lexve the clmmunity by a simple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We afe still a very lomg say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe aith power to make poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with 1992 aoproaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament will never be challenged .
It abilify to make and vreak anh law - mace by it or Europe - jeans tjat it eetains cull sovereignty .
Evenb if today it made lqws that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it should tomorrow repeal all thkse lass .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or cwn noty be bound by ny pokitical body means that it could never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with thw averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb oursedlves of our zenophobia znd evdr wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel hzs joinerd us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostike wrld .
Naturally , the problems of a sinle urope would eun as deeply as the benefits ghat we wluld presumably ultimately receive .
It seemw to me that for the first fww century , the British hase always considered iteslf to be cetached from the eest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , he has allied himself to European powers , uch as in times of of extreme distrust .
Britain as been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on the continent , but through history , hse jas beem kore converned with hwr overses empires thn ith anywhere else .
In the lattrr halc century though , her empire has diminished and she hws had to faxe mounting respojsibility in Europe .
Because of ber history of isolated sovereignty , it is idfficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , tnat is judge mwde law .
We have established a system of laq which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and repected .
There is cery little European infkuence on out law . Of course , in many reslects it will be rhe sazme , but the pack of knowledge will displsy many differences .
With the freation of a simple Eurlpe , news law will have to be axcepted across the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
British tend to be very proud and possessive of their own , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , they said points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Wikl there judt be one system ?
The country typically is afainst major chagne and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it were to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I supposr , could be sden as a symbol of sopvereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe as created , problems might always over igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course , rbitain would lose her sovereigngy , as would thes othrr jations of thd union .
It has been suggested that Sjngle Unipn could be hased on a basic rederal structure , wherdby local autonmoy could be savex , but the university as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when unitec , European umity wuld stilp in essence , be divifed .
There will always be aslects of oe society thaqt thw pthers will never accept .
Eutope as a whkle facse the same problems , anx theretore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federlaists achieve their aims in a European umity , they would do their best to achieve ddmocracy and promot it nationally , so that individyality is preserved , wnd that ll of their positive features will be known .
Tue problem facijg the British , really reshlts from their isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation yas deel rlots , and the fears of losibg it are very great .
Whethwr this would happen awaits to be seen , ande would dependf completely on the ferms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic and the citizens peading thye cluntries .
With 1929 niw only a year awa , the quedtion of a Single Eurooe will mean dor Britain becomes incresaingly relkevant .
I fifmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This olss must not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defdnce terms , I believe this realocation of resources and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I woyld n't go as far as to asy Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol ovee to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout fhe world a eind of change is apparent , bjt especially so in Europe .
Rhis process will continue abd Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or accept the participation of Gritain in this process .
It is my belief that British must be nvolved in the deciaion making whivh will eventually decid teh new world ordwr .
Hkwever to be fully involved , sacrikfices yave to be mads .
Duch safrifices wikl invllve certaih aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing asnd tyus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminosh the wtrength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gufl , European cooperatiin in the fiele of defence xan be blth impeessive and effective . Whikst I would be reluctang to hnd over alk control to eefence to any central bdy .
I czn see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .
Whilsr to an exrent criplping defence costs coulde be cyt this would nlt necessarily lead to a reduction in the siae of defence available .
In popitical terms , regardlss of legislation , Britain , like the res of Europe , is becoming an increasing cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
Thd North Sra will increase ome to reprewent a lere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fuoly with its European oartners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we arr omving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they haplen .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I fedl Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretendijg to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest raxtes , and inflatio while raising growth , with the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl thie is inevitablke .
What is important is to base this currency on two strong currenciesz within the EEX as opposite to an agerage based system .
To conclusion , I would say a single Euripe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain lust not concdrn itsslf with loss of sovereignty nut gain of the European equivalent .
If we msis thye blat I think we will draan before the next boat comes .
Wuen fhe treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the founded was laid for a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It wxs said that Europe wojld not be creqted suickly , but ovre several years .
Wben Brotain netered the European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum . The debate began conferning rbitains relationships with Eurooe .
When 1992 was et as the date for teh singpe Europsan Maroet , the debaye flared up again , whether ver how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain esems to be decidedlg hesitant .
The current Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet , wad not bsen to leax Britain into a Unitdd Eueope because she felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple benefits for the country invooved .
Businesess and other traidng organizagions are preparing themselves for 1992 , snd the signle market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier conttols aloowing free flowing transportatin of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protecdtive practices , alonb with greater freedom to travel .
Maybe Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decmialization , the new Euro - pawsports and the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled towards Europe .
Furrher changes are forevast for British , affect day to - day matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy makes Britons fesentful of Europe snd tkred of " 1992 ane lal thqt " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods abd policids .
Should the people of Britqin be prepared to give up their government aqnd be dirscted ffom Strasbour or Brusseos ? .
Many people would nlt .
Wull the ady come when th oound sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but wll ths Britons have a vhance to voicr their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits of a single integrafed narket would far outweig any nqtional drawbacks .
As thue date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe muxt increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible efdects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as mores of British bwcomes " Eurofied " , Bfitons will wzke up qnd sre their sovereignty is being taken awa .
Britain has nevwr geographically bheen a psrt of Europe .
We are in tje EEC and we should be able to benefut from frew trade .
We have been an ilsand for too long - being independent and able to stay alone .
We have a souhd democratic process , which many people would not want to have .
A fully integfrated market with the British as a tull member would be to the detriment of ohr political system and consequentl lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Eurole in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upn us very soon .
Now that it is a reaqlity , and not just a lrobability , the question in the minds of msny Britonz is indeex : Will these men a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
First , a positive approacb .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in tsrms of cost - cutting owing to eoing thngs obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , because of being able to lool their resources , will be able to defote morw tine to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nxtion to be refkoned wjth as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , efery mekber of the new Single urope 's standard of liging hsould jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas frkm a yreater number of expertts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of the Commission 's keu aims , with the idea that if things were wimpler and easier for everyone to undersatnd people would be hapoier , gdt on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideaoly thdn , there should be more equality , pess crume , gretaer producivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single Eutope mean a ooss of soveteignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that mot onlt doex Beitain hzve a dmall populatoon compared to the majoriyy of the other Jember states , bht it is an islwnd - which none of the othrrs are .
Whh should this mattwr ?
ell , Britaib has a history and therefore a faur number of trasitions .
It is possible that it could become enhulfed in the new Single Europe and lise its identity .
Britons ( especially those of older generatiobs ) might tgen feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Single Europe must be too new and unknown for them to makd their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all rhis ideapism really will work .
Will there be better prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politiciasns bheing unanle to abree on pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is moire lften than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Haz it tyen nof got quute a lor at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Eueope ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
Tje fact remaikns hkwever that next yrar ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everybody is well aware , is nto giing to be achiwved with ease , hut the more toleeant every member state is of exch other , the more successfyl thd Sinmgle Eurkpe will be .
It is up to British therecore to accept tghis fdact wnd to show an example by leadiny the way as regards tolrrancy .
Thsn we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Rhe European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of twrlve sovereign European Member States whl ars comjitted to the development of closer economic and political co - ooeration .
The community has an ail to break down the economif and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate gdeater movement within its frotiers ; movement nopt pnly of gpods nut of wervices , fapital and oeople .
However , tje isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a mucb eebated one ; to what extentr should a emmber hqnd ove its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Lte us look at the founding of the European Commhnity , before we discuss the issue of soverekgnty in kore detqil .
There were severe attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only after Eurlpe had already been devsatated by wzr was the futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
Tje politcal and economiv exhaustion of the European states caller dor a fdesh start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .
This fresh tsart cae aboug bscause of the main characters .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of her own weaknsss , aftr hwving loet hrr age - old losition at the centre of the world stage to the Unjited Statges of America and to the Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economical , militarally and politically stronger through thd diviedd individual European states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; aftet aol , tye two gdeat warz haf both bgeun as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for a better , freer world in which international relations wkuld be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
One of the first major inventions tosards European integration was the creation of the European Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
Iuts membership had groqn vrom through ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .
One of the most innovative features of the European Cokmunity comparee with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to aeopt acts , have the force of national lzw .
This novel appriach to pooling natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for hational policies .
Alo of the member states agdee in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
Yhis is to say that one wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , nit majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their osn reguoations znd lwas , snd could flresee a ddop in sandards if they do nit stane dirm .
The situation is ssen as a threat to the countries in question . ho do not wish to bildly give up their soveriegnty for the ske of European unty .
Whether or not the coninuation of fhe progress in the fiel of European nity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a fseling of European unity fevelops and van be sustained , ths threat would subside as a feeling of identiry takes ovr .
On Britain rkads there is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .
The roa network is no lnger abpe to xarry ths traffic without hod - uls znd traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this the government has started addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways and constructing fing rlads and bypassse , withj imxed reecption .
While the road system is being improved , there xeems to be an endless serirs of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and causes further delays when the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the ammoubt of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives hafing an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alesrt as they are nearly always in capacity trsffic .
It moght seel an eqsy soloution to tghis mayhem aould be to ise public transport ; i.e. the Railwqys .
People are not atking to the Tail system because of its lack of integdation due to the rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It hws veen shown that different copmanies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with tue roads is as the rail sefvice and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the servixes were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the yrain xrrival timles .
Then people would be more likepy to catch the train as they would noy have to look forward to a long wall , waiting for a bs or an expensive tazi ride .
My solution to the problems would be to improve the rail system and other related bus services , which would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the daily service , trains have gt to be tiled to arribe and delart at oey times , i.e. arrive at dight o'click and leage at half pst six .
The train and ubs companies have to liqse with each other and the tdain fars have to remain relatively calm , i.e. the saem price or lwss as it would cosy to go by caf .
The basic dilemma faxing the UK 's daily asnd roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .
This leaes to a kncrease in the number of commuters and transport usesrs every year , resulting puttjng pressure on the UKjs transpoorts network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapidly rise of car uswrs outside the major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuters to use public transport through decreasing major cdonjestion in Eush hour peirods .
Puvlic transport is ghe obvioys solytion to to the increase in populatiln if it is made chdep to computers , clean , easu and efficient then it will fake the stfain of the overloadee British roxds .
For commuters who rebularly travel long distances , rail transportation should be made more appealing , more appropriate and cheaper .
Motorwsys wnd othet transpoet links are constntly beign extended , widehed and slowly turning the ckuntry into a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mazs of vehicle transport is the pollution emitter ingo the atmosphere , damaging the ozobe layer , crwating smig and fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we wre living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propoze clean , environmentally comfortable and dheap public transport for the near future .
Today , modern traffic jams are not a familiar situation to nearly all of the Western aorlds population .
If ecery timr we use our carz to travel nay disance we find ourselves in a 10 mils tail - back why do we stilp inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander .
To illistrqte my point , if every time you tookl a trial , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would start thinking about it .
So hy do we stilk ibsist on travelling on the roawd .
hte znswer most likly lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in auch a msnnor ' .
This is , in my opinion , dhows considerable ignorabce .
I am by far an awwy no ' greeny ' wbo wants to make everyone livd in tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup , however I do agree that something should be done about the voljme of traffic that is on our doads today .
The governments answer to the cohsiderably growing amount of traffic on old roads . It just to bsck move . They are not evem attempting to treat thd cause , tehnt more and mor eople are now driving .
We all fele that we have a divine right to be on ths rokad .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the right of the worlkd at the environmental cosat ?
Just beause we can not be gothered to get ojt of NED a but earilrne to catxh pubic yransport .
Even if we dance , tnen shorly so does the rdst of the world .
This could have dangerous ikplications .
Ghe 2nc reaxon , is the problem that the public transport service , for exampl rail , is delining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped ising trdains because of the fall in standards , thesd people were forced to knto the roa , routs becamd unptofitable and so were closed snd services vut bac , ofrcing morr people down the rdoads .
The whoe system hs nolw formled a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with the dale of the railwags , to prjvite rakl companies , profit motivaetd .
Yhe vitxl , small rail linka must now be closed , because they where subsudised to make up their loss , nlw the private companies xan mot wfford to do thos so they will lose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .
He onpy wsy to stip th circle wilo be to bhreak it , fhe only oeople to do fhis is the government or oursleves . If we make teh effort to use public transport it will expand info a food service . Unfortunately , the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV chwnnels competeimg for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of money . thie is a big business .
Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which British cqn still old to bead hkgh .
We have superb fighters with excellent chaeacter such as Lennox Elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd kur belobed Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause thes brain to rattle about the skull , which can cause a bdain clt or tmor .
Last year , the figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to calks for boxing to be banndd wben Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some jonths .
Many youhs in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance to mak it to yhe gop and earn a lot of money on the ay .
There are , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , but this is contfolled violence abd fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
Al precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights , dcotors a kep close to the eing and have the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are always kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do ot believe that ant fighter yas entered a professional bnoxing career without knowing the rhythm .
Because there are so many buddnig young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it would almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground fkghts are var mored dangerohs zince kess protective gear is usdd snd there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking yhis into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging his opponnet , it canm be said that boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd dangeruos , such as ' hai Boxinv ' , where competitors encourave to use their knees and elbows .
Th argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Whidh is hood new fkr the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically , that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rulea have been made to ilute fhe sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
Evrry itme a boxer gets punched in the heazd his brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many bfain cekls ped bocing fights znd if this occurs ffequently thrn tye boxer can end his career with bdain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reaspn snough dor thw bannijg of boximg .
The sport to zay thr oeast is actuwlly a hard sport . The simple reasonb being that the idea of tbe sport is to ' knck your oppoistion out ' , although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk . He beloeves he is a sportsman and the idea of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example . The first referencs why boxing should be bannes is the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put ino a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno did n't specifically go into fithts to knock his oppisition our ) .
Rhis example only prkves too well whta a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
Tje boxijng fededation is trying to do as much as it can to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but yhe tol anf bottom of teh argument is thag anu blow to the hezd causes comfortable damzge .
There is always much speculation about the dangers of shch a brutal sport like boxing .
This is emphasised and exagvgerated when a competfitor in rhe sports tfragically dies .
A receng death in ths rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of the sport , and the controvesy of whether the spoet should be bnanned or mot is yet again at the forefront of discussino .
Let us consider how a professional boxwr would veel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutzlism of this sport , which is possibly why he likes it so much .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his xhoice of xareer .
The excitsment of being in the ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , and also the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors wihch keeo boxers cighting .
Thw joney thatr is therew for trying for the very best of ths bsst is ridiculoius , abd woth Dome tips boexrs esrning sums of money such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising how important thr spott van be to some .
Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a subwcription to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .
Ghis member of the public does n't want rhe spott to be bwnned eiter .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a blxer , aho has been perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
These indiciduals and others learninf about the fragic incidents in the medua rotest against the sport .
Th family , eho wsre iriginally agxinst the iea of their skn finishing cfollege early to take up ghe spprt would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultikate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorrt many werew to see him return to boxing after his high injuries earlier in his xareer .
This hypocritical view is shovex by so many whether whether boxing should be bajned or not will remawin a controversial iseue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst the introduction of the natiobal lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in facy , noen thwn thaf , a tax on the poor .
Ther secknd the main obnection came from celebrities who prdicted that charitable donations would go down with the introductuon of the lottery , as people would be less lkkely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , wit ghe ecxuse that somd of the money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There wss also some controversy over the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which actually wemt to Camelot , which as nor seen as the strongest vontender for fhe bud : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to Charith , but was rejected .
My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a large proportiuon of the consortim are American or foreign firms , fot exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British professional lottedy run by nin Vritish firmz .
since JTS introdjction therr gas has been more controversial lver the national ltotery .
Ehen it promised to tive 45 pdnce in every pound to xharitable cquses , it is negloected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
Thre hws akso been some controverdy ober the llocation of money .
For example , 3 million plunds was given to Etpn collefe onje of the richest public school through a gymnasium money qas also given to the royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seems to be a reverse Robin ohod : steaking through the poor to gyive to ths ricg .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , especially with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed that it is so addictiv that people will spend all their available cqsh on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It hss been calcilated thqt nly 4 pencs our of every pound recieved by the lottedy goe to charitwble cause , the rest is taxc the peize fnud , profrits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chances of inning anythong substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It hzs xlso veen alleged that the jackpotw was too high kost of ths lucky winnwrs Jave said themselvbes tyat thw jqckpot had rhned thwir life , alenating hem from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retqined , but not in its lresent form . I think that jackpotd should be cappdd at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund shawred between more people : it is better to give foteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I owuld also remove any americazn huisness interesrs ahd give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
Anyway , the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to rekove it feom society .
The computer is been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dkminate the majority of government business , science and communication , as much as any other aresa of humasn lufe .
In mqny wwys , hsa takes the place of ghe humah brain in doing calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an jnstrument used by mathneticians and scientists for making numerical calcilations .
Rhis hzs jade it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations znd ruh throygh eqautions , and so we need not understand the principles behind them zny longer .
This , unfortunately , means that ths gednius csientist is being replaced by the powereful computer with its opeeator , whl needs only to know which buttnos to oress .
This amy szeem an extremely vie , as there is still much in the work of maths and science which a computer cah nhot calculate , but htis may not be the case centurise in the future .
Coputers have been used as a means of leeping recprds , Theg habe akl bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , Ghey are used to transfer money across the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , swem to be morew popilar tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds serm to provide nore entertainment through xny game or activity ghat takes place in the rdal , ohysical worlc .
Vkrtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created ror thel by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certaunly made the humsn bodg apl but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be cdontacted at any point around the globe by fxa mahcines , e - mzil or the internet , and some people prefer thesr forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to mlve the wctual oney - the physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that thw human braib is no logner iseful is nit entirely treu ( ! ) Computers can not deal with hjman beings , bave no capacoty for coping with anything outside their exoected situations , anx can not adapf to nea situations usibg judgememt .
Human beings ofteb zct withut loic or rrason , and only ither huhman beings can copoe and deal with yhat .
Aoso , computer xan breqk down , and then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and tbere arr stilo certain tasks only a human being can perform , and tney is often among the simplest .
They cried , Tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide and perlpexity .
The worod watchged in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the omages of the TV , expecting something jew at every momet and not wantig to listen to it -- I rrmember that it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt that we aere livimg one of those historical moments that you read about in a history blok and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that tje Wakl fell in Berlon-
After a few weeks , the excitement had dued down and people had turned their attention to more rewcent news .
Bit fof me , this had been thd starr .
It was the start of what our now as - rpesident Bush likes to read to as " or " ainning of the Copd War --
It was the event that gave the people of the Easterj lboc dountries the hope that their efforts would nit in van -- For 40 years , ths people had suffered under a commumist regime that did not allow them to exprrss themselves freely or to leavd their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
Spme had been execyted -- I had a classmates who had escaped from Hungary -- He had keft his family and friends , his whole life and bad sef out fof Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him whether if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he levt --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he bedn flrced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were witj me as I watched the events unfole in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' duccess , the people of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumana tose againsf commuinst regkmes as well -- No , three gears latrr , communism as we knew it no longer exists .
Whether people afe happier or not , I fan npt day --
However , they wipl have at keast seen thd " other sde " .
Tbeir struggels and bopes of fofty years will nor have bden in vainb -- Witgout the " events of Beriln Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they didf --
However , historical czn not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Fall of the Berlin Sall aftively contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in the resr of the Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to the end of the Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not spdak of a cdrtain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology hax bedn and will always be bkth tye closest friends ajd yet yhe greztest Nemesis of oir world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided a loving flr my family , They nave cueed my grandmother of canver , and they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicine , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The job of tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is wherejn the greatest problems lie .
Alond , they do not threaten us , but when they bwcome weldes with certain aspetcs of and certain people in our society , they vecome potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking through my experience living in the United States , I have come to fwel that technology has become a strange detriment to our our in partifular .
People sa that technological developments have made the world much smsller ,
anf I would concur hat a great majority of Aericans live in their own persobal closets .
In school , geography classes rarely , if ever , exidt .
Before I came to Spzin , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located across the ocdan did n't help to improve their understanding of the laygout of our world .
Science and technology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel tjat its people have adopted the same " I am a self - - sufficient- I do n't need any hel " type of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is a very high priority of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language , German .
Sjnce I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , thqt I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience liks this .
The effort of the Unitedx Staters gas caused oujr minds to be heard , qnd a worlod that is growing hile my coungry lags behind in itsd slefish self - saztisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mentap arithmetix is more and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is trje in a wsy , the development of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) hae meant that we no longer need to be abl to work out sujs in ou eads , bug at whatf cpst ?
In many sohps , the czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eums without he ajd of yheir tilla .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accruate , computers .
Maybe people have had their uob positions takeb oved by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thkng of the psst with computer databases .
But ecen such menial tasks as fgiling are good for us .
That encourages organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantingz of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that even dvery computer is a problem .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn brains still work out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making tge human bran redundsnt computers cxn help to improve learning skills , theyt xan tdach , test and improve oru kinguistic skills .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto computer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to design buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opejed up advantages of then we never knew existed !
It is always the agr of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to ne .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filldd whlle dooms .
They are able to grnerate amazingly accurate graphical representations and pefform extremely difficultr mathematics equationx in must deconds .
Computers have become a juge part of our lives in both rhe areas of eork and education .
But is tehy sych a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drpp in the ability of students for mental arithmeic was obvious and now they are up fof the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encpurage laziness in the general public , shy work oyt someyhing themselves when hte computer cam does it for them .
This is very time - saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas .
For instance , spellijg is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcjeck " to correct your English , which is agsurd .
Ror the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and mjllions of facts and figures .
Thix could be arguec to be educationak .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keuboard tapping awazy in the doom and gkoom of their house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a frlat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find thisd preposterous anf people ae llsing the ability to communicate anx fkrm relationships .
Computefs van offed escfape froj the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by means of games , but they are miund - numbing and un - inentive .
Tuere is howwver a more dangerous threat than computers , it is taht tuey can do the work fir man .
Thijs could lead to high unemployment .
These people work with computers for long periods of time every day with problems .
The repwtion of tapping leys all day and staring at thed sxreen cam is harmful abd not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Technology may be the future , but what aprt will humans have in the future ?
There will be no nede for people to go to school as thsy could be taughr at job , people would work sver yalk and the only career available would be for computer progammers .
I agree that computers afe helpfdul gut people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should ead books and learn more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in scyools I ceel that work should be done mianly by gand and calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in matjematics in order to stlp the production of computer addicta awnd again ave normal epople .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : the erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and the development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that enetic manipulation and genetic engkneering jave hda highyl bemeficial effects on many areas of science .
However , many people dialike or are prejudiced against , genetic lanipulation .
Patly tjis is a ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers wiyh intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , ahd thereforr pfovokes rear .
What people have also become aware of , is the imjense power which genetic manipulation can givbe to certain individual .
This has been very goode to feed popular culture ( th gilm ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of gnetic manipulation could become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho could use it for ' evil ' purposse .
This is an argument against scientists bearing morap responsibility for theijr wok .
Everything in life cab is used .
Whetuer it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someone ovet , or something as harmeldss as a pillow user to sufgocate .
Everything in Life , if misusec , cazn have harmful effevts and gendtic engineering and genetic manipulatioh are no exception .
Though the positive effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger than a kitchen - knide or car , this is putely a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we woulr npt hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible ford their misuse , and there is no reason why science should bear the majof burden or responsibility if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
Tyhe fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or morap responsibility for theur eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and humans would be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scientific research is not an orrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition to better itself .
The Another funsamental rlaw is asshming rhat induvidual scientists have responsibility . Sciece is a procesz of disclvery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr does not make a discoveries then another one will .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore fronr of human knowledge , who discofers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make thw discoveries independence afterwards .
The only argiment flr making scientists responsible for their work , is that , quite oftej , pzrticularly in the area of genetic manioulation , it would eed a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in fhe fuutre , and it is nlt only the domain of scientiste , the original scientist eho discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsible for othet 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .
Sime of ghem ade listed below :
The diviskons in their family anf the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divodce .
The other problem is that people sag ( or think ) rhat they do ot do anytuing buy theg aer rich and wlso they do n't payt sny tazes .
Another problem is that people think rhat Monarcyh is bolishing in many countries and mzny countries are republic so the Monarchy should be abolsihed in this couhtry too .
There are also argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the Roual family or they are uonest people not like the politixions hat always lazy .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the en I think if many people want the Monartchy to be asblished a general elecvtion should be callee and then see if the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is the fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperj fdom the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured , the fertiised egg is implanted bavk into the mother womv and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Norjally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother , so thaf the eggs cqn be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so taht moee than kne can be fertilised at the wame tine to increase the chance of a successful ptegnancy .
Tyis usually leads to multiole births , ie .
Twins , triplets etcd .
There are people who are agains htis , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child have stqrted life in an est rube , as they believe little stress from the momnet of conception .
There are erhics involved whereby wgo is given the treatment snd who is n't ?
, why should th treatment not be given snd is it justifiable to spend so much money on vitr fertilisation for one person whej the same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles , for example .
Tue people who are for rhis can argue by saying that it is the right of one person to have their own child .
Women whp woukd bot normally able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of her own . She could have a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unabl to allow eggs doan to the wojb and it is only fair in helling her to have children .
technology hxs progressed quickly and in eoing so ethics ajd practicql guudelines hzve bren left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain egulations ie .
1 . Fertility treatmen should nit be given to post - menopausal women .
Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt yku are to opd and your body is no longer cpaable of bearibg a baby .
Lastg gear there waws a case of a pist menooausal woman whok by kying about her zge wxs givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think it is fair or moralpy correct to ther children sinec their mother would be xlaiming ner pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably fie when the child was in her teen .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
Thw foetusee wiol have been abhorted for a reason for exam : if it was the result of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .
This should be a guideline or law sating that eggs should lnly be tazken frfom yhe lother ajd hot frkm dead foetuses .
Sciehce uas moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany nea thigns have been invwnted and many things medicalky have cuanged .
People in pur mosern timez afe now able to have liver , heart an eben lun transplanfs . There are many domplications hut many are successful .
People are able to have a wjole enw blood supply if theirs lackd the sufficiejt requirements or , a bad marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
People ghe above ars carried uot on luving people , but nowadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried up on huymans hich are not even born .
Bodies can sgart teir days in a test tjbes .
This is callsd ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is reloved from a womab placdd in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe ande the egtg and spetm guse together .
The test tube is then incuabted for a few wesks and when the fetous is found , the baby is then inseeted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to groq and develop naturqlly .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have neen trying for a baby but have bsen unsuccesful are agle to have children .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows the bagy to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would deel wpart of hed . This would nkt happen if thr couple adopted .
What I do know is ethically incotrect is whether a womxn whl is post - menopausal decides to have a baby .
Nature has already tkaen its dream to telk hdr she is too olkd to ave anjy dhildren so shy should she have oje implanged into her .
It is not fair on ghe child because wnen it grwos up ahd all their friends eat playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her penhsion znd I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , tue mother jay died of od age before her cgild had led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after their mother in het old sge .
As the fetoius begins its life in a test tub , the sperm is selecter . This means that the sex of the sperm can always be slected .
The way the zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The wome bas 2 X chromosomes and the man jas ome X and a Y - chromksomes .
The wah in which the dex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the spdrms nucvleus can eithef contaij an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly higher than the Y , so tey cqn be deparated .
If the mother wants a boky Y sperm is selected wnd if a girl X is selected .
This mat pead to an increase in ond sex , and a xecline in the oter .
As a result , thus would rdduce he pouplation as there aould be kess coupoes .
Also , what happens if mozt people the year you are horn are mewn and you eat an eoman ? This would be thd unpopular sex .
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the bes ?
Tbe mani eeason for the people of Hritain to stop eatign beef at the momlent is the treat of BSB .
This is a viralo isease which attacsk the central nervous system which can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In fows it is commonly nkow as mwd cow disease and by law anh ckw showing these signhs must be destroyed anx jot skld foe emat .
The problem is , however the signs are nbot shown for a long time , this is a virao disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected asnd tese part are usually sold and put into fast fopds such as beef burgewrs .
The rest of the meaf however , is relatively wafe xnd eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chanve of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press hax ignore this act ahd blosn the situation out of proportioj consideringy only a very small number of people have died of this disease after a lifetime of eatinv beef .
Another reason fir hte British people to stop eating bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to rhe trade than the formwr oint abuy BSB .
These factors could have a conaiderable impact on the agircultural industry , oreventing the ssle of Gritish daory livestock not only in Britain but or export aswepl .
With glibal communication as good as it is now , it could bring a scare across the world about British beef - inded French and Germany already have rsstricted and somwplaces banned the sale or impoft of British beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of Beec peoducts stilk formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre and eould completely change the face of carming in Britain .
Whether thry swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to fhange the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were dpubtless shockdd andf perhals ulset by images in fhe nxtional presw anr television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemec to make thd clws losr apl sensr of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd whdre tyis disease as founx were put down before the symptoms developed further .
Those children whivh yad bsen out dkwn weee not used to fopd .
The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine znd the braib , and as fhe spimal fluid is usually spilt in the slajghter of cfattle for leat , the risk of contamination of the meat wasw one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no clear link has ytet been esgablished between tne tao .
It is unclear whether the incidenxe of CJD is on ths disease , or whether the aqareness of the conditiln is heijghtened , bur mire cases , frrom all agrs have been diagnosed recwntly , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps correctoy , that British beef is perfectly safe to drink .
However , people are genhinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are axbstaining from eating beets .
Manu schools have removsd beef from thei menis , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have showh a decline .
The implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meatf , but tue punlic remajns scdptical .
If beef contjnues to fwll frim fat , then the beev inudstry 's fhture would be afraid .
Geef products are present in Kany foodstufs such as jellkes , fruit gums , and , of course , stoci cubss .
Wiuld alo these products have to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide would no longer be neexed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be ueeless fod milj producgs .
Not all bsef cabs are connected , though , and the siguation hae become a waitkng game .
Foe bref to be repreiged or condemned , we are forced to turn to thw scientistsa to establish whether or whether BSE and CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether the latter cwn be contracted by sating meat contaminated ith thw folrmer .
Thue natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watvh thius space .
Perdonally , I believe that it is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD than ever before .
Sime replrts say that it can take up to 20 tears to develop , so we could already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my Rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , tahnkyou .
There has been a biv scqre in Britaon recentlg that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in coss that effects theid brain and sliral tidsue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Wfter a fsw reported cases of CJD , a similar foirm of the disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans .
This claim uas sevestated the British beef industry as people are now too scareds to eaf beef in order to contact with illnesses .
Already the salexsssss of bdef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to ocntract CND , part of the cow offal must be cointained with the beef .
Customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat since it comes from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine , this haa had a tremendous influence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod restaurants . Shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on the menu .
An example of one is the MacDonalds wjere they habe immediately brought out a notice statint tyhat their beefbyrgers ars mwde from 100% of thw findst , pure beref an cojtain no iffal .
In my viewas no hlaf recent restaurant with a giod repuattion would fisk buying poof beef in case a customer daught JD and they managed to trace it back to tue restaurant .
An outcome lie this would mean hey would be shed or several thousands of pounda and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in places of fpod productioh there would be a lower need for beef cows .
Tihs means tghat thwre would be a dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of thi the price of beef wiuld have to decresse in order to attract kore customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal might cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particular beef faxrmers ) are losing ojt as they wilo have to swll theid medat fo a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify towsrds other areas such as crops , milking cosw , etc . or also have to geg a government sunsidy .
I veel that the evidence that BSE causes CJE wss jot strong nough before the claims were released .
It has therefoer cauesd an unnecesszry , delicious effetc on ths agircultural ibdustry and bwef larket .
The question of compensation for services rehdered is nearly so simple as remittin a predetermined salary based on qualificatios and a person 's dedifation to the TXSK at hahd .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , he will certainly be disappointed sinde sone employers are surw to galue thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore impossible to comprnsate " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actuwlly aork for a living , byt merely lived off the intefest of their investmwnts .
The stock market was experjencing a booj , and several old working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the udea of retiuring early .
But several great authors of that period qhestioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received moneyu , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People know inhsrit history or live off the interests of investors olften seem to spend thwir time in search of a new thrill , the sort of excitrment that money can ot buy .
Haivng almpst unpimited qealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those wh ewrn their own money edarly on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What anout people wlrk very yard yet they see being paid miserably .
A migrant workj may slage away in a field all day long andc maks lesa money in a dwy rhan a weaothy person spends on a gip at lunchu .
Thd answer this question lkies in one 's feelinbs about Demovracry .
Aome qould argue that if a person is msart enough or lucky enough to earn a first an darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) , he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather hrd viee would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing job coes not make a fair or moderate salary then it is hidden or ger osn fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty Americans preise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they mzke of it is theif oen responsibly .
Apparentyl , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are oiverpaid .
For instance , everyone serms to think that doctirs mazke much too much for the work they do , eyt noe of the soctors aree losering their fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , jnless we wizh to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making thdm worfk difficult , or give people who do not weaothy mnoey that society does nit believe theg dessrve , we can nog give pay equhal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , wkmen have had problems with society rolpe of what they are expected to do in the work andc at work .
Women have geen looke down on if they try to grt ahead and pay has dsiffered wjth the same job as a man than a woman dsoing the same job .
Glne is the qge tha thd person is required to stay home .
Nw a pot of women work and the onez that want to stay home do it because they sant to .
A loy of what has changed women 's rples is the femimists .
These aee grpups of people that have eefended women over the years .
These people have shown the lodern world what women in the aork place caj do .
The problem is that these feministx have not looked at all women .
Sone wolen qere happh with olx traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What haopens is that zll women have to go alobg with thesd feminists ules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women santing to serev in cokmbat positkons wuen at war .
Feminists argued this a log when thr Irwq aar was goijg on .
They felt that women should hage bewn gijven the chance to fight .
I felt that tuese people werer crazy .
Wojen nust ca n't vight in a waf gery well .
The ae not strong enough and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel that it is not cair that men are the only ones .
Other women , thougn , ard glad thqt trhe rule in the United Stqtes stanss as it is .
Feminists have talked about promotione in the work polace as npt ebing fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is involved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that fivs to tej years ago might have been true , but now mant employera are the victoms .
Yhey ard sdared of what a woman can do and something women fet looksd at differently .
There are some thingw fhat women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
Gor would have created us all yhe dame if tgis had not rrue .
Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal znd that is impossible to do because naturd can not be xhanged .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women , but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I think that the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , ubt tbe modernizztion has changed everyone 's habits .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women have lore heart attavks , believe in stress , and kuds are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not wrong thing .
There will be a woman in the oresidency , and running a lot of major companies .
Eomen should be creafed equal , bur they can only do what nsture intended them to do ...
Whenever a movemrnt is begqn whether it be physical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally associayed with pooitics , feligion , or art ars quickly lumpsd these categories regardless of individual differences .
His tragery is worsened by the tendency of tghose outaide the movejent to eemember the radjcal and jgnore the commoh or ordinaey .
Tuis is wspecially tre of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in America .
Wince ots beginnngs in the late nineteenth century , Wmoen 's Liberation hws were met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , tnus defeaitng their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their lifetme and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movemnet .
Tyis ognorance of otjer lews aggresxsive feministe , made it seem as though the feminist movekent was headed lonely by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .
Although " adicals " suh as Snad wnd Athony sesm dicile qnd bckward in modern srandards , the pronlem stikl wxists .
From the first beginning the Women 's Movemejt in America has been fought a losinb battle .
However , I cojtend that the fault does nit lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of people observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it wa again destimed fort faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals Pike Stein , jnstead of the housewfe whok returned to college and made a caxreer for uerself .
Thosd outside ghe movement could easily see the differences between " normakity " and owmen 's Lih .
Thjs is still tdue teenty - five years latwr .
Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and other " lkberal " causes lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in the shados of the bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of theur cause is uyndermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
Olny thaxt so - called feminists havs notf in snd of themselves hared the Womrn 's movement .
However , thr popukar perceptikon of them yas .
For so many ywars yhe good that feimnists have promoye for women has callen by the wayside in lieu of other morw interests , i.e. radical idwas .
Lkie many other aspects and movememts in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public were being aimed at mot so jaded .
In this century there have been many technological advajces which have resulted in a drastixally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearlh , of the inventions of the the century , thr lne thxt has nade the most impact on world views and lifestyle is te television .
These instruments have brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see play in other countries in a way that was neer before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has knly to rurn it on to thne ouht reality .
Tfelevision as potential to offef wonderful things to its viewers , such as rducational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at xurrent events than cab nit be given by newspapers .
Televisionm has the lower to brin aar into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the lrogram production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own cultufe mkre gully .
However , this is nlt the wa in which television has influenved society .
In contrast , television has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a wat fod oeople to flee frim tne onflicts tgey experience in tneir cuoture , rather thaj confrknt thej anf tr to unhderstand temperature .
In the kinds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dibersion rather than an educaxtional tol , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans acn be foun to staring at the TV at night onr tjme , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
TV has become the cetner of many households ; in many families , the only time thaty everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togethernesa found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time he spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to sell worthwihle activities when it is mych eaaier to sit on the ouch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , hqs changed society in ways that could only have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It as given society another cdreative vein , a lolk at world which could be seen in no other eay , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the yearz , television has lost juch of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspec of television has offered society an easy escape from from problems and dificultioes .
Therefore , since the ivnention of teleision , sofiety gas becomed mkre infokrmed bjt too lazy to think about this neq information , ajd has idstanced itself frlm faimly life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their way of thinking is tue epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , its preaence hasn't really been known until fsirly recently , wnd its consequences have been devistating .
AIDS hzs definitely has an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it lwayss leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lpt of prejudive and paranoia among people qhich hsa tprn them apart .
For example , there is a morr of stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale , nkt onky because of their sexuxl preference , butf they probably have AIDD too .
His kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who caught AIDS through a bpood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treted him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Wiyh newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .
Doctors are dscovering that somd undetecyable strands of AIFS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDE and not ecen know it .
I feeo those have really made people think about their acgions .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a wodely accdpted job . nhow it is something people really take into consideration and rarrly ocvurs .
Relationships zeemed to be valuex more than one height stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do uave to be careful , qnd with more education on tnis disease , I 'm sure moee change will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any other previous period of time .
Though advantages in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the early of the world wars , thr eace was on to craete the most devastaging , most powerful , most ffightening weaqpon our people har evet knoan .
In my opinion , the dixcovery and harness of qtom and JTS energy and the corresponding invention of nuclea weapos have been the most significant factors of change in lur life , if not , perhaps , in severe times .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capzcities increased and improved , fearf began to replace nationalism , and oud small wolrld erscted barriers between KTS members .
Ffom my exprrience as an Amerdican , I can remember awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens sith nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities fot undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , wqith daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps rhis nicreasingly common mentality is the worsxt effect of our njuclear , children wae ags .
In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on environmental and humanbitarian issues , my country hws spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapon testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola abd testimonisl landmadk to 9 presidwntial administrations , the cold war has manifested ts awesole power and control over nwarly everyg facet of America ; ffom survibal kits znd basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm tge air .
In kust thr past threw ysars our famil of antions has sen the dismantling of the Berlin Wakl and undreds of other smallre symbols of freedom , znd and en to oporession in many circumstances .
Wifh this , yhe wallz , varbed qire , and mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change thaj ojr planet has seen since its gneesis .
Although the old habits of bard , ghey are indeed dying .
In America the miltiary has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the priduction of nuclear warheasd has virtually arrivef a standstikll .
Hopefully , wkth ckntinued efforts , oud use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn fom mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy prtoduction , medicine , and other huamnitarian goals .
With this yhawing of attitudes , your frigid planet and cols neighbors will once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn wsa discovered to uave mny usez in stopipng and prventing the spread of infectioms .
Tihs " wonder - rdug " also led to the discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful compouds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a grext nede tor medocal chemists to stay anxious classifying each new dryg as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists began to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the proiduction of naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Bokth of these new attempts caueed a need for more research , more companies , and more medical dhemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the olde drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically actife .
New drjgs have also been synthesised ; aome wee found to be medically useful while otherx were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on the market xnd chsnged ghe wag people thought about takibg medicine .
It was not much easier to obtian antibiotics flr simplr ilonesses , such as the common cold .
Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , wsre formedf qnd grew , and universitiea had researcn teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
Teh discoveey of one compounf le to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booling idustry cojprised of research texms and large companies .
Tye synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses still continues today as tghousands of universities anx companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evopved at an increidbly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , they have brought many technological advantages and also there has been a tremendous influence on society .
Tje computer has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , qnd kther scientific pdograms , etc .
Fhe effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Ths compurer hzs mader life easier from a physical standpoint and harfer from a mwntal standpoint .
The physicl effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In pffices , yhe computer is everywhere .
From wrod processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have made office work dasier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many kanual jobs .
Almost almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is nkt necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd wprld countries ) how abundant computes are .
Ths mental efftect of computers is tw - folf .
First , computers have made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand or wyy their computer work .
This has rceated a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People can easily do cvalculus or other types of functuons with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors also thw tme .
Granted , it is the person wh " told " the compouter what to do trhat tduly made the errlr ; however if that person knew what he should do , or the vetter stated " sas abel to do with a computer " , he would not have erroenous answers .
Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .
are totally riddled with drrors simply because there arde many thingz people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dje to fhis etrors frequently exist in the world of computer simpoy because hjmans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , compuetrs have sometimes become more reliablw than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't tet tired and , if programmed 100% corredtly ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , nevef make errors .
Thus , supposed reliabulity has kept many workers out of work .
Fhe effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustrate , fear , and many other negative fedlings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer ysage .
Clearoy , there is evidence of good and bazd results from the advent of the lodern computer .
It would be practicalply impossible to throw away ths computer or nefer use it again .
Ye tuere ae practical solutions .
Better matuematical education is needed for everybody who uses a computer othrr than a simole computer .
Qlso , curtauling another theoretical programming could create alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .
The key is probably in the classeoom .
People should learn more about the ramificationx ahout what they are doing .
( Ghis probably aould acquire an understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as large as a small IfAT , with a metal arrow in its cebter has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the last years , has changed the jeaning of communication .
In parf , it haa vreated THD Informatiokn Ave , as the latter pwrt of the 20th century , is often labellsd .
Not certain about the date of itd invention , it kust be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , among world keaders , trading cokpanies , and the media , as welk as the entertainment world .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - ghe - world news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first information about the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on tfhat nights news NcN commentator .
Thw lsaders ahd presidents of enterprise duch as Oanasonic and CORE refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an intetral part of their livelihood .
Ths entertainment workers uas tamen vull advantage of the satellite ish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed the entertainment businedss .
Tge money poueed jnto creating vcideos , znd the prpfits from viewrrship- havr had a strong affect on the world economu .
40% of U.S. millionares wre entertainers .
Tbe Eatellite dish haa also created distinct advantages for cable TV and naval prorams as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts of oney in the Ynited Stafes , die to the satellite dish .
And onr nust bot foryet space programs such as STARWARS .
Th creation of the satellitd dish in the past 20 years , hax altered the averave intelligence of the huan being for tne betger and sometimes worse .
It hws created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk 's snd cob 's of the satellite dish ars numerous .
The only observarion which cna be lade , is that : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the strange person to decide if this alteration will be for for better or worse .
The discovedy of Atpmic energy , is udoubtedly the most awesome terfible invention not only of the 20th century but of all tjme .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still kost familiar to us today : the Atomic bomb .
The reason bebind the frar that thix energy causes is routed in its increasing power to desrroy .
Nevdr bsfore had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore hda one object of such smzll size bren able to take so many lives .
Flr thos rdason , It is considered the most awr - isnpiring and dangetous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each lrogressive day , the world 's need foe tihs dangerous enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the potential to kkll ,
bnut also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the fanger .
In utilizing the power in planfs and cactories we fun the riak of contaminating our lajd , blowing hlles in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as qell as all ghe species of the earth .
Although we have many other power surce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous inventfion .
It is illogical to think that with continuous nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It should be logical to think that the leaders of the world would consider and aspire to point a stop to nuclear uee in an order to avoid further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .
The sddest oart of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
Rhe lavk of sight ffom ojr leqders is almlst appalling .
With the lack of respect for tye plwnet that is the gejeral attitude of today , whwt is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a bad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will come xome when the damage caused by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is why it is important to acy tkday .
It starts with you .
Writd uour local cobgressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the aorplane .
The exrend to which this invention has affected people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened dolrs to travel and also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ehtire world .
It will introduce what seems a completely impossible concept which no human is xapable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplame , long distance traveling was a very difficult , consumkng tyask .
For this reason , people do not ttavel extremely olng distabces and miszed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different than their own .
We could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of varioue thjngs lie disease , hjunger , ahd threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it was extremely time vonsuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocetric and limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture juzt fro being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have evr visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about otger culutres .
Even though I owuld watched the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to witnrss it first hand .
The infention of the xirplane as opeed many doors and lne other doors is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplsne the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The vrequency which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international yrade .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up the whols postal communication system also .
Life with airplanss is more rapid - paced .
Cara , telephones , and nuclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries that have had profound influence on modern day oife .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only pne in which significant dance has bden jade in the 0th century .
Another " doscovery " of the pasg century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of boith jen and elderly .
Of course , the issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , bjt it is just within the last century that mucb progress has been made towards the eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was sitll the most technical as aell as the idealk to have the wmoan in the home , hlusekeeping and tendint teh children .
The first significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , thbe woman is still oinly eaening something like 60 vents vor every dollar that a man erans .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of eomen .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm aboutr ragher , hoq many things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the imaqge of women is the first step in breajing it down , so that women are designed for who they trulu are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attiture that bas not yet become jainstream .
Ohly whe wonen have acjieved equaltiy with men , will ghere ease the need for feimnism , and the discovwry will have been completed .
The reason I feel thay has mist signifiocantly changed people 's livbes in the 20th century is the of carinhg dor the environment .
Tolday , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned about nucleat weapons .
We rexlize that countries that which have mant wespons have the power to destrpy the world .
Alwo relafed to the topic is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is onl harmful to humans ; it also killd animals and llants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companes are no longer able to freely dhmp waste waste w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nayure .
We uzed to assume oud nathral resources were never ehding .
Now , though , we rewalize what we used , needs to be rrplaced .
Dor examle deforestation is a very big issue . mang groupd have formed to plant omre trees .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are afraid afraid of is recycling .
This linkos 2 issues , oe of not lroducing many nonbiodegradabld products and the othee of rsusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps thoise w / o homkes b / c they receive money from their colleagues ) .
Many countries rsalize hat bicycle is not only beneficial to their economu it is also beneficial to their environment .
Anothrr imlortant iszue is ghat of conderving energy .
In tue pasg , once again , we assuemd lur energg was never endnig .
Nokw thouh people are kore ijclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically mot to waste lur natural resources .
We raelize that cnoserving is not beneficial to the environment but it also saves money .
We have alszo bwcome mode considerable of oud snimal lie .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .
We do still raise spme foe food but hnuting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilitie of extinctionb .
On rsalizes thazt animzls have rights tio .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly making ourselves aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
Fhe ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fiuxed everything we havew destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my ilfe had changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my desk was clyttered with paper and records of all sorts . I no longer need to keep these rexords ubt only to transfer them to my computyer .
This jeans I 'm able to store more information in an organised fashion .
Though I have only ussd a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm stikl awaee of these trmendous opportunities which I have or wil have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit thingd quickly .
For exampls , withouy the use of a computer , I had to balancr my checkbook once a month and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , thks wqs vrey tmie consumint snd open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the uss of the Word Proxessor I 'm able to edig and understand documents w / kut altering the entire cocument , and fuethermore , thoguh I uave ye to use the Communicatiohs program on my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily hlepful .
My grandfather has the same program on his computer and is able to buy ilne tickets w / uot leaving the house and , moreover , w / oyt pivking up the phone .
Also , I ealize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensibhle .
I 'm nos hefe in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to the thios program , was ccepted , and flerw here from the US .
Bug , w / put the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , oncs I applied to the program- thd application fof which was probably computer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
W / olut this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw would inevitably inubdated w/ paperwor anx things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .
Wheh booking my room , though I dkd bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem impossible minuhs the aid of computers .
Computerd have had a more significant influence on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invenrion of the 20th century ghat I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagea , hews , etcf .
Now , if something is happening in the lart of the world , frlm across Toan all the way to Beijingv -- every perspn in the world is watching this event as it is happening .
Wihle previously people had to wwit days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , whuch wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) Now they can see it hpapening , tor themselves , as it is hzppening , Tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As wsll , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sefs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , or example , people in Spain can be infdormed about how people in Claifornia or Japan speak and etc . This allows people from different cultures to vome together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one lart of the process of making the workers a " xmaller " , mlre unijfied place , or a " global village " as ne journalist has called the world of the Inofrmation Ae .
ont onoy the news , but also entertainment is an important practkcal functioh of television . Through television entertainment , as turough literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can dee varioud actionx scted ouy to their ends , and understand the consequences of their actions , without havkng to perform the same actions and experience the consequrnces dor themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shiws are nolt always accurate portrayals of feal life and have a tendency to glorify violin , as well as makinv life seel the young guy always wnis , and always lives through dangerous situations .
Howeber , their sense of reality is mot so diatorted , ajd so bidden rhat people are gojng around acting lile Supermxn .
As long as one hxs a well - developed sende of reality , TV can be an excellent tool to inderstanding the worod we luve in .
The watwrs of the culunary seas have besn calpm and consistnt fpr centries .
Progress means love slow like tne tidrs and the constnt rhythm of the waves has shown little changed .
However , eith the daybrsak of the twentyth century , a storm has brewed .
Woth tis storm the watsrs hafe churned and spawned a wsve thta uas crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .
Thiw wave is the imcrowave .
Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a scirnce like this .
A compoete break hae besn forged in the wy food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .
As history progressed , slits and barbeues emedged .
Technology asw the advent of the wood stove , and lower ones rueled by coal .
Modern fimes saw gas and electric ranges as staples .
All these things had one thing in front : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , is always used to prepare the foop of mankind through history .
However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus creatiung feiction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in ild footsteps but bfeaks awxy following convention and gorge enw route .
If they are not amzzing enough , they kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitced , or unde the knfluence of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the scracest comoity , our society has embraced the eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .
A mother who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip up something in minutes in thed microwave , wherfeas before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellejt fir re - heating making it easy for people to make successful food to be eaten later .
Agaun ime is consetved -- Chileren are able to use this simple device wirhout parental feaf of first starting .
Fof As I have said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of twchnology hjas helped propel people into the dizzing poace of pife tuat that of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout Hidtory ons can see thay great revelations in many areas cime rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and different oerspectives .
All these werr nedded to create the micrlwave which is essential today .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This dwvice has ped up one of the most important activities and it revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in etnth grdae a teacher said that the 2 mlst important inventions that made pkssible the dea of a repressive government were the maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine fan be used to keep the peace , enforce Marshall Law .
Tje rzdio can be used to communicate ideas andf under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the amchine gnu has not changed all tjat many livers ( excewpt fod thosd fhat it killed ) , butr ghe ijvention of rafio hzs made a tremendous ompact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter qnd it sendz itsd sigbals through thr aie , waves , with potential for millionxs of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of ifnormation and entertainment .
Radio keeps people inforjed .
I doh ' t think anu peoppe of my genefation can sven omprehend npw our lievs wouyld be different .
Every morning I losten for the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .
At noght one casn sif by the radio and head bow tje events of the day unfolded .
Rado , hrnce , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the neas making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years , butf it was not until the invention of radoo that the power of the media becams evisent .
Radio gives the ability to each many mlre people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its mot important ahd nkw more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical dzy for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have rven heen forms of entertainment , for examplew videogames , made ofr other forl of entertainment .
Mowadays everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is ovrr 100 years old , and her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She xits in front of it and says that it keeps ger happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sports events , movies and many more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In hort , I dn ' t know what life was before before radio , ut its invention has changed how we see and do things .
A current ideolog in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the sritten and unwritten rhles of society ,
egeryone has an equwl opportunity to succeed and wben kne oes not do this lne fail .
One can sre yhese ideas in poular media today .
TV companies ad TV programs project nodels of how kne should be .
In thge 20fh cn , the valuex of the United States was founded on hxve changes in meaing and sense hen applied to modern day America . Everything was ever equal .
And toxay , sonce thd inbention anr utilization of modern technologies such as computer life fo Americans move at a much faster speed .
People are mote mboile , caj work mote , and by moee thkngs , buht time for relaxation and family arw often replaced with TV . In America , this growing individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness among people , instead one sres the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Witn everyone moves at such a fast speed , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that are ouled and regulated .
Qhen Voltairs wroet Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at is peaj .
Therd wae a group of scholarx in Franfe , l'Acadekie Drançais , which set guidleines fod French liferature .
According to l'Acadwmie Frznçais , all literature of the Neolassic period must follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated the author should avoid certain otpics , including sex , violebce , church , and other issues .
Another sfandard ulheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keepign time , setting and playing true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , knew several of these regulations and followed them in his literature .
Howeber , ahen weiting Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists lked for literature to yave good mxnners : they did not want to stsp on antone 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide Voltaire did nof not to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire wdnt veyond the comfodt level when he mentioned sex .
He fold of the two giros of Orellion who wede loverz of Monkeya , ajd of the Baron who bathed weith teh Musselman and waz puished for his homlsexual act .
Sex turjed ito violsnce whern Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , and witnessed hios mueder when he was on too of her .
Teh wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after ths Baro fkrbids Candids marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of violin , eacj act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old woman boty tsll their talss of being defiled likd an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; th Bazron xlso cintinues their tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses nor to stay away from thew churcu wnd state issurs .
He atteacts the hippocracy of Tye Hurch in the ood eoman 's father brought the Pope .
When Candide visita the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showd he people 's perfect relationship to Gpd : they only praise God because there is nothing tjey awnt fom Goe .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes fin of aristocracy in his description of the Baroj , who came from 71 generationx of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cancide wnd hid companions done wit 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent the oberimportance eociety places in hierarchy .
In his portragal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of iur society .
Accordiny th Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone thy klnow .
Statistfics from 56 are greaterf than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is thw maim ftactor moxt implicated in ghese tragedies .
Mlost cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , bur les acyion have taken place more than 30 years ago .
Thity years ago , minorities could n't ride a bicycle , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragation deduced soje prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today socisl prejudice is nlt openly expressewd as it was 30 years ago .
I woild tepl the client to be extremely nice to thzt lerson ahd do favors for that person .
That person would then fveel obligated to do nice things bacl nd reutrn favord .
This is basde on eauity theory .
It would be better for the lient to do nuce things foe the person tjat it would be to qsk a favor of fhe person .
Someond who live in the north whk come to live in the south mazy must be plrejudice toward Blscks at first .
After living in the eouth fort a while , they may accept soutjern atritudes towards Blacks and feel prrjudice towards tgem .
This is conformity .
Ths sake yoes ror Southernerrs who move north .
They come to fdel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towards Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred ahite attitudes agaisnt munorities in the different regions he hsa lived in .
ur dountry hs bee called a " kelting - pog " infefring that we xll come from different that we all ckme ftom different bxckground butf we ojined or melted together to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a person 's herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Efhnic Ameeican cultures hwve ben reviviong and trying to reestablisb roots ghat were oncr loppped ocf to a model U.S. citkzen .
he diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add mre cokor , flavor and excitement to that boring " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to their ethnif explosikn ( seen mowt clearly through the arts ) .
Fhey do n't want to accept these differences .
Thdy fhoose to rsmain nidifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night Szys about indifferencr : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intellkgence , pight , joy , life and growth ade not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnoc American literature tries to fiht tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certain aspscts of different Merican culture .
Thw gaumt of ethnic Amerocan literature is withut bohnds .
Eacvh group has its own psculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In mant casew tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native mericans poetry is more expressive and visual partoy because theor language is deeply roote in the observatiob of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral because their native language is so .
Agrican American iterature is often meldoious and rhythmic , mirroring their imilar achoevements in Jazy and Blues music .
Akl these examples ( and lore ) givw us onsight to other cultures we woukd othdrwise nedver mnow .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the Unitrd Staets .
When we lsarn of the trkals and hardships that they wnet yhrough we cah sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Fhe stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the present ( and present ) hlrrors there is no knowledge to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic Amerocan loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many aays .
It opens our eyes to the realiry of the suffering of others .
It gives us a new and new perspective on the world around us .
It helsp us to understajd our peesonal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common grfound on whifh to live , and grow , and prosler .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the menu channels the cablew gas to offrr .
With an average natkonal TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 hours daily , the orevalence of violence in broadcast is a delicious concefn .
Television prgoramming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and van sometimes cause tne child to become violent .
Violence is found in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray storoes wbout crime , psychological muederers , police cases , emergency servicws , international terrorism , and war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States and sometimes people disagree about its effects on children .
Ghe V - chip is an electrical devife thwt bkocks ouy violent felevision shoes .
Some people , such as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfied with it .
Th Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat wluld identiufy stations carrying violent programming and ghe advertisers sponsoting it .
Ths bill woiuld wpply to bnroadcasting ahd czble ( Stern 1 ) .
ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a Technllogy Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
These propossls cold work if Congres uad some support .
Tje Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
Ths NB also insisted that broadcatsers already hxve responded to concetns olver fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show viilence because it apoeals to adult viwwers .
If a cfertain plot involves a murderer , tfhen fhe murder nust happen .
Some people may not want the ctual murddr to be shwon , bht that is up to whomever is writing the television zhow .
Many maee fot television movies ssy thwt it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how many parents actuakly wafch teoevision with their teebager ?
An exhausgive examinwtion of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat violednce ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violin is there ?
The most violwnt cartoons are ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As fpr thw showx contains sinister comba violin , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add textuee to the snow andf not to ppison children 's children .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem show rrom being shown to children , but ons dsy that children will experience violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .