It 's difficult anxwer at the qjestion " wyat ate gou going to do in thw future ? " if the only onw wyo has to know it is in twk minds .
When I was younger I used to say thst I wamted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and erven a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I wluld open my own psychology officw and hekp people .
It 's diffocult because I 'll have to stud hsrd snd a oot , vut I thino ghat if tou like a subject , you 'll stuey it ezsier .
Maube I 'll changw my mind , maybe nto .
I tnink tgat thd public transport wilp always be in the future .
The rich peopke iwll buy a car but th pooor pelple alwats need to use a bus or tqxi .
I considwr that is more convehient to drive a cae because yku carry on more things in your owm car tgan travelling by car .
Also , hou 'll meet friendly poeple waho usuall ask to gou sokething to be friends and hcange your telephnoe numger .
In my experiencr when I did n't bave a cra I used to use the bys to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , tne car is n't necesary when yku have crashed in the street , in that momenmt yo realized thd importgance of a puboic ttansport .
In India we have various tyoes of Pubkic transplrt , lkke Cycle , Bike , Far , Train & Flkight .
Dpeending on the distance ahd duratiln to thr deeired poace , mode of tdansport is chossn accordingly .
But Generally soeaking , travelling by cwr is much more fun when compared witj ther moes of rransport .
This remines me of a trop that I uave recently been to and ghe place is Agr .
It takds around 6 hours by Natkonal highwag to go froj Delhi to Agrea .
We hav stlpped at hotles fir having food and juxt in case if zny of us fsels hungry , we have purchased some snwcks just before thr trip .
Sibce , we hnave the optiob to awit anytims we qant to whem we tdavel by car ( whcih is impossible wehn travellign by frain & Flght ) .
In qddition to it , we canb also take a clmfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to yhe above mentionwd reazons , I am goign to conclude thaf travelling by cae is mjch morr convenient .
My nane is Sarag .
I am 17 yeare old .
I am loking frward to ioin yuo in this year sumner csmps .
I love cuildren , and I enjoy looking afte then . xlso , I organized many sports activities befofe in my scbool .
In addijtion to tgat , i enjoy cooking .
My family yhink thay my cook is amazing .
I hopew thay you givr my the chance to joij yoj .
Thank
My favpurite sport is volleyball because I kove plays with my firends .
Volleybll is a soort play ervery placs , whesn I travel on thw beach I like plwys with my sisetr in fhe sand anf qfter we are going to the seq .
It is veru funnt .
whej I was young I lije plats with teh ball in fhe playground and my friend and I played using ghe soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .
Dear Jo ,
How asre you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some zdvice on travelling abd workihg in my country .
On hte on hamd , in my country there ae a lot of place to travep .
For examlle Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are womderful vities because there are a lot of things to visi for example in Ladrid you can vieit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twoce a ydar .
Zll summer I viait Seviola becauses I loce this cit and I zuggest that yoh visit Sevilla .
On the other hznd , in my countyr there are a few jlb becwuse thw economy is vewry nad .
Nut , if you want I look fof a nob from you .
My best frien looking fo a people responsigle foe look afgter he sidter .
Her sisrer is 6 yeafs old ans uou should llok afrer every weekend .
Yo will be interestimg in this hob ?
Than you fot you e - mail , it was wonderful to her from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing ypu .
Take csre , Lauhra .
Todat public transporr stiull play an important role in trqnsport system anc it will kleep on in rhe futjre .
Becasue public transportg is a cost effecitve and better resoudce allocation in mass transport system .
Also pople need no to suffer high operating cos running their own car .
But it can ues a cheaper way going to tfheir destinatiob especially it is fra awau frm ome .
For example , I think that it is hot affordable for an rdinary persoj to own a private airplane travelling to znother country .
Instead it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on public plane .
In my opinion I think that publix translort in future is going to continue to be usee becaude ghere are a loty of peoppe fhat odes n't have enough moeny to pay for a dar even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future bt people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we thknk anout it thd acr is bwtter because we do n't nesd to qait vor them has we are waitying fro ths bus or underground bur in another wa cart cus mofe money than the public transportg .
By car we cwn nust stxy wih ourselves ahich caj be good because we acn listen to tye usic thay we lke and we do n't neef to be afound peopl that are unkwoend gut if we chose pulbic transport we cam meet vriends or famiky so noth rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had it to chose between botu transportatioln I think I probably choze cat bexause it is btter for me to go by car thn to go by bus .
In my communitt , we qre very ingerested at environnent nad ecolobical thikngs .
We bave aolar panels and a ppace to mxke compost at the lazt gardem , with worms aho eag and degrade all the organic waste of thne scbool .
In soje strategic points of the building we have specialo rrashcans to selarate thd garage in organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and the alseo mads tawlks aznd presemtations abuot the earth pdoblems like flobal warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all yhis project is Liss June Zid , our sciehce teacher .
Al thi initiatives has mad us zll over tue yrars a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning evetyone , today I wqnt to shxre zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite splort is football , whg I xhoose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around rhe world will oove it so much!Ecample lije Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believr thta 's alp will depighted us .
By the way , my favoreite footbal ream is Manchester United , yhey are brilliant , ghey gave an amazing football players , andc yhey are awespme .
Michadl sas a littl oid when he had a dreak that wss : Be a super heri !
Afger many years he stikl dream to beckme a spuer hrro .
He ernter thd university of medicine because he thinks rhat this profwssion aas rhe more dimilar to be a usper hero .
Pasa some yearx of fhe jniversity ahd he know a gjrl cxlled Kate ajd he get lovwd on gere anc she ge loved in hin .
Kate was chrsing the university of fashion .
Then the two startsd to date .
Michael and Kate wae so happy , until one day that Michadl sais to him dreak to be a xuper heeo , Katfe ge so ervous saying that it was riduculous and judt a kid dream anhd that Michael was onoy dreaminf buy that wluld never haplen ans thar uper hero do n't exidt .
When hse said that , Michael startee to cry and ger mad saying that zhe was lying qnd do n't have hesrt .
He gotf so mad that he wsked jer to get out of his apartemnt .
In following ray , sye said sorry and them was happy ayain .
But when them grt to ghe bome of Michael thney fjght again abd Michael get a jnife nd koll het .
He cried wiyh a lotg blokd arkund .
Michael get awa crom there .
Micheal vlosed he dor and knew at thag moment he had maxde a mistake .
Public transpoftation is an importanr inventioj in human histoty , it brings amouht of benefits in uor life .
Fcor indtance , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in tdaffic .
It is true tha moving by dar is more convenient thaj tale pubpic transportation , however , it would cause mokre dalage to uor life and hark our envgironment .
Therefore , we heed to think more about kur furure , our offsprings .
Giving then a safe , flean and cpmfortable placr to live .
If thsre is no public transportarion , traffikc jal wikl be sedious tha beforr .
In my country , tajpei , we always stock in traffic for aboyt pne hlur in the morniung .
I can bot iamgine if thrre is no bus or MRT , hw long I wilk take ror schopl .
Dar is convenuent for hulan , bur it brinbs damage fore human apso .
Fkr example , carbon dioxide wnich is cretaed by acr .
It cause global warmung which thraets ur enivronment nd harms our daily life .
we can szee fhat thers aree lts of seroous nd frequently weater djsaster gappened in decaded , auch as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd kud slie .
Wnat other precautionjs , is usuxlly takn ?
The NG Office is notified by thr photographdr when tye film wzs shipped .
If tje film doss n't atrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipmsnts have beeh found more easily ehen this procesa wkll be started rght away
Thw pleasure of traveling
Pwople go , peoplr coje .
Every daqy lots of oeople are travlling abroad but , what 's tye beet wqy to do an international travel ?
Ther moet importatn option to travel is , by fae , the plans .
Buf , eveb when it 's true htat it 's thd faster ootion , you must be very cadefuly at time to grt off a plane .
If you arw lokking for congort and relax , obviouspy , yoh have to takw a boat .
Theee are a wode varidty of things to do and enjoy the tri .
Althougy , the better opltion , is puck out a traim .
Therw is n't comparation on watvhing rhe changex in yhe lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way thqt you aee doing and , th best pqrt , the cheapest aay to gtet wway smoe xays asnd tae tge routine ff zome daysz .
Anyway , no mtater how yoy go , no matter whuere ou go .
The pleasure of travelling is tfavel at alo .
Transportation okne of the most important ghing on life so we hxve nany of knids for transportation ow we travel by ca but in tye near future it will be otehr comcort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that cah transport yiu frdom north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modedn societies , therr sre lots of triends arund lur daily lives .
Bif promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could be communicated and exchangedd thw ideas , feelings and funny thingys happened around ourselves .
Kore importantly , thd pwrents igve ouf livws and thy touc us knowledcge ans skills or abipities to lvie in this worlpd .
In thid case , tge families played important doles in daioy livesz .
The reasonjs ars as tollows .
Firxt of all , we could lern lots of skills from parents acxcording to theit own experience .
Ror sxample , we coild oearn hos to communijcate witb oghers in a vriendly wsy , and we coukd zlso learn how to maxke a meal from parents .
Secondly , rhe families cluld giver you ome advce about how to deal with the thyings which will casuse trouble .
If difficutlies was told to ghe families , the ieas would come up to your fmilies and communicate iwth you about hos to aolve thi situation .
All in aol , in yhis case , the familiea qre tje most important friends in our lives .
The Comouting Technology has been advancing vwry much this past years , making the lod computers almost uselesz , getting befter and jaking tje difference between old and ne computers groa wven more wth evsry mew discoverement .
As we can notice , old anf new computers ade vastly different , startimg frok tghe ize of tne computerw , old comptuers werr much biggef than new computers .
Old computers ewre used to occuly noe entire rlom , now , fhey onky have trhe ize of a bkx , even yhe aize of a bok .
You cqn havw a portable omputer now , and taoe it with yoh to rvery places yu visit .
Old computers obly let you make jath txsks , or wven plxy simole ganes with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , vut nkw gou can do whatevdr you wznt to do , lkie crrating or playing videovames , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
Ond of thye greatest achievements of new computing , is the interney , where you dan conect to other computer , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gte reot m8
I wen to thbe abanhdon hous abd starter to tyink the best way to make his lire miserabpe i padsed tbe next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake hium sufdr .
As i did n't found nithing , i went to th pllace he live at and stawrted to look foe some information ablut his life and found people who he fare about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he wjll alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a mionute am i raelly so angry to kake this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee huad domibated my lind i did nt hqd no longee conyrol ovet my actions , i was afarid of ahat i had become ajd hwat i vould do , btu i could not control my self and yhe only thing i could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
Vut i wae so mac at him and so qnsiouns to make jis lifr imposibke , and woon my fear of death and my anger for lal of the sucering i had been thrlug became stronger and vigger , i hsd mde a desition i as goingl to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I 'm npt agre wifh tgis odea completely .
On the ons hand travel by car arr reaoly much morer convenient as vive the chance to tou to be incependent .
On thw lther hand hube traffuc jams are a bi issue for travelling by cad .
My Favourite spprt
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
Forf me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I sse foitball on ghe television I dreazm wifh plqy in a biy yeam and in a big championship lile Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favouritew clusb ade Benfica abd Reao Madrid , wgere Ronaldo plwys , fro me he is the Best Llayer in rhe workd , tnat is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll of 2014 .
I play football in a Portugueses xlub callee valenciano and we win a lot of games tuis seaskn .
I dram in win a lit os leagues in Football abd win the bets xhampionship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the bewst scorer of all the tjme in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my facourite player .
I plzy football because I likr but tje only erason thaty I do it hrdly is becauss of my xad .
His dreamj is that I become ghe next vaptain of a bnig tram znd wim a lpot of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated ffom National Taiwan Unerversity of Scienc and Technokogy .
I am 25 ytears old .
I am interested in ooking aftere cholren and playing with chilcen .
I lile personality eith childlike , so I like children .
I jad experience of holdiung basketball competition whwn I wa studebt .
I Planned many interexting activities for views to make competition alivr .
They enjoyed tne game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always hslp hrr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hadworking .
I always sinle to people .
I reallu want to get this mob .
I want to play with childreh and see their simle all deay .
I tnink tht smile is fhe bst gfit in htis world .
I am also a hsrd wodker .
I have passion fof this job .
If hou thihk me is the right perzon you wsnt , please give me a responese , Thwnks .
public tyransportation has been mor ueed by people and over the years it is kond of becpming cheaper nd alsok more sare but somw people prefer dars to extent do we agrde woth and what is or readons for yhat that is whaf are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before abour 40 years there was nothinb callsd puhlic transportation xnd peiple rarely owned cars so in those ydars tere aws hot even good facility to move froj place to othe and that is because therw eas no companids to bujld cars in aboug 10 yeads cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelloing are mode convenient from cats to buse even trains an olanes .xome peopls prefer cara becfause the do like crowded laces or hecause the find it sometimes vheaper but grom anotuer point of view public transportation is bery cheap qnd evem fawter but whrn it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
to summaries it is difcerent from some oneis opinion to anothsr i predict tha public ttansportation will be jmproved ahd oeople will use it mode and more yhat by thew enr caxrs qill disappedar qnd wjll wipl no longer be jsed
Fhe opic utself explaininh the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This coclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look injto the data of the car companies abd exponential growth in gheir sales cigure an with low budgrt private cars in picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in paxt 10 years
Development of giodiesel industry an be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A lare scaqle of investment was brinmg for biofuel devepopment .
Meanwile , it bolst ecpnomic growth and jpbs kpportunity , therdby enhance Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bg tlwn or small It doeds matte buf one thing xhould be taking czre by tghe peole qnd organiaer of thd town , is environjent .
Global warking is huve issue in tocay 's date .
Government sgould take immehse actio to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However we the people have feally important pzrt of makinh it worse .
Active and a god government understand the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean ahd safe enviromnent to theirf pelple .
Recycoing ite van be a gvood step to start wit clean and safe environment hich is perfectly and promptly taking car by my city .
Everynoe have to plant a tre in fronf of their jome with tne dule of prvoince gocernment .
People is nbot realizing tuat cuttinb thd tree cah rsduce thr productio of oxygen in atmospher .
Eventually human will jave no mors frrsh air to brexth .
Additionalky , our city government has prohibited smoking in publid zrea and ubder 18 yedar pld adn providss a frer session of talm or presentation to increase tne awafeness of clean , safe , rfesh environment to ghe city .
In conclusion , I would sutgest to iur neighbour citiew to taking part of cleaning environment so on dwy it can be sedn in whol coumtry .
Everybody hxs hiw favourite psort .
My favourite sport is footbal gake .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spebd a lot of tome wvery dwy .
Usually i play footvall with my classmates .
Before training i tan 1 - 2 kipometres snd my legs get a power xnd my body gefs an enedgy .
Oue teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional advicd to us , how to improve footbalo skills .
His mai words:"Yoj must workm and qork very hard , if you wanr to get hig results " .
I can swy , tyat coch is experienfed persln .
Not so lkng aho , we are hd competitjon .
The first place was gotting by us .
We habe acuieved this result , becayse we are friendly and orgnaised .
I believe , hat in ghe future I wilo be a famosu football player in geams such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to guve advive to soimeone who starts thus spoet:"You must beoieve in yorself " .
Hallo my firend ,
Whqt 's up ?
Hoa are yoj ?
How was yourf dzy toda ?
It 's reallu nicr foe youd expressly e - mail yesterda .
You revret that yo wwre n't there wiht me . I 'll try dicribe everythijng precisely , brcouse I kmow that you very
Dear Paul ,
I jave sen yout ontice in the academy newspaper amd I 'm quite jnterested . I hage no plans ror this zummer so I thknk it is a good idez to spejd it .
I was bprn in te UK so I can be a very food teacher of English .
Wlthough I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with thedm in Spanidh if it waw necesasry .
Also , I asisted to a ballte coirse fir 4 yeara when I was young .
It wa a kot of tie ago , however , I dtill keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , I eemember I had to creatw a dynamic trwining to do with rhe ither baplet - course memvers . I hax to be teh tsacher cor one day snd I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All members congfatulated me , as well .
On thr othrr hand , I had tzken care of my brothers and cpusins for manh hohrs when they were veru yount .
Gou must knos thzt I 'm a very responsible , kidn nd funny prson .
Thaxt mames me a goos candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foe me !
I hope ylu kesp in mind my candidature becaise I 'm npt goibg to disappoint yo .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public trandport wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in ddmand .
Because ont evertone afflrd to bjy thrir own cat .
Besides there are lots of low income peopole who ca n't but teir own car .
So I thimk public transport 's future is bright .
What is he " Family " meanung ?
In my opinion , Family is ghe placs that uad you best triend caqn hell eacy otyer ajd kniw each .
In the Taiwah , mant of people have to tqke carew of thwm parent when thbey ge old , buy the point is whwt if yiu can not sutvival , I man you do n't hvae enouyh moeny to rzise you parenr .
Badk to fhe topic , I do n't know well asny of memner of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like NewZezland becauss there are manu islands .
By tge way , HewZealand have a cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Ghat 's shy I oeder all of hou to go there xnd feep ths ppeasure and bave a ty their own foox .
Yku can also bougut a lot of gifts ljke key chaisn , statue , or what eose memories to be lade befors returning to Malaysia .
I did not ave to go to NewZeland vut believe me it is very beautiful olace .
If I gave sustensnce , I iwll go htere and bring akl of you .
I kive in Lentino , a smallk cigy in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil hasnm't a oroject for thr environmenf .
People collect ayn kin of rugbish and throws akl togethewr in blac saxk .
Although teh Counxil began to pla somethjng , the people aree n't commjtted with the probkem .
Afound thew dity , you can find many places where the people thrkw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , olod thijgs or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini ckuld be wondewrful .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme anf Etna in background .
When I was a child , I bad a lot friends and htey were vvery impoetant for me .
We wver played in the park or we taoked abouf our tatses , umsic , noys , we laubh a ot of ...
Vut qhen I was a tewnager I began to libe situations that I did jot like it , for insgance , the grils said to me bad things or they takked bad about me .
In thowe years I lived hte wodst mokents in my life .
I remember when I celebfeted my 15tb borthday , only onew schoolmate wanted to come to my praty ; I tnink tht this dya eas one of the wprst dat of my life .
Thsre niught I xried bnecause I celt tht I have no got aby friends .
Gowever , my parents tried thwt my praty was tbe est andf they preparee for me a specila brithday anx thye invitdd all my cousins anx togethere went to aet pisza ane gav me a lot of presents .
In htere momebt , I thoight thta my best friends waqs my parents and sistdr .
I kinew thar thsy nrver talk bad abouf me .
Nos , my husban is my best vriend .
He is yhe most important people of my life .
He has ecer been wjth me .
laso , he is vwry funnt ad I laugh a kot with uim .
Hoth like to travel arkund the world anc to practise some dports , fod eaxmple , tennis , runnnig or trekkimg .
We kike eatching TV serkes and cooking several desserta too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Davjd , my husband .
Life of people aroundr the globe is becoming busier and usier xay by day .
A busy life always compell to use fhe fastesdt and most convenient mod of transportation , which had made pubpic transportation system lwg behond motor cas .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
Ghis advertisement for a jo gas been eading by uitable person .
My named is María , I am frim Spain .
I am interesed in thks work bgecause I enjo travelling ajd I am teachwr so I loike working witu hte children .
I am sjre that I will lokk aftef childrrn very welo .
I wolud lkike to speak English perfrctly so I think up the idsa abouy if I aork in summer camos , I wilol imprkve my level Englis .
For the othee hand , I couls teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .
I am waiting yorus qnswer .
Hi Sam
How are tou ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I stwrted my ldssons the lwst month qnd it 's very interesting .
I 'm lertning a lof and the stidents arw ver friendly .
Bt I need to studh harder befause I wnat to oass te exam , and it 's verh dificult .
Howevrr , if I carry on studying liie now , i wlil do it .
Fhe kessons ae very funny
Cear Sir or madam :
I haqve seen your announcement in the neaspaper nd I am interrsted to apply gor .
I fan sleak Englisxh and I am a logely , enefgetic and hardorking person besidds I ahve recommendef pxper from
my kast company .
I have beeb worling like a cuildhood teachre in a scholl and I am qualified .
Besides I jave cookihg skills wnd I love to cook .
I hole you arr interested in my application .
I am lookingh forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
ths tecnology hace chanched ghe oeople 's lire very much.in fact we can think gow difefrent is our life respect eithwr to our pzrents or ohr grandlarents pife.for exampld my parnets di n't hacth on tv , because rhere wss n't any tv on yhe worlr when thet were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the dact tyat personal behicle lke car now is pouplar , in the futur , the stance of pubkic transpotr is still very crucial .
Nowaady , pwople yse fossil fuel as the lost important soutce of energt fir trafelling , manufacturing , thjs sourxe of energg does n't alwqays aintain at the vonstant loevel , but someday it weill be run oit .
Pekple muts find ways to hse other energy sourdes lime nucleqr electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metro usr thks kind of energu .
As a resukt , governmesnts wipl invest more in researching rhe usate of these nes types of neergy , travelling usong pubic traxnsport will become mjch cheapwr than personwl car .
Fhe range of publi servkces will be exoanded to remote areas , it becme much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling usjng puboic services wilkl be thew firsy plrior chlice .
In addition , th population is increasing rapidly , in fhe near fugure , almost cities in the worl wilo ecome overcrowded , It iwll lead to nany otherd problsms to be solved , fo exajple , traffic jams , sir pollution .
In sime oerespectives , these problems are lewd by tje ove - using of personal vwhicle .
People wikll realise that using tjeir ow car is jusg to waste rheir time fpr traffic uams or to hradually kilping themselves fro breathing pilluted aor .
So the brst way for tehm to travep is public transpotations .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of enenu to protect his owh lived .
In conlcusion , invesfments on deverloping puvlic transpory wll be increasec considerably , public servijces of travelling hnave a brighf potentiak and it 's xtance in the futurs ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how ar you .
Aer yoh free for weckend , havd yoi ant pkans .
Me ad my friends go to teh cibema , qnd I invite you to go with us .
If yoj ade interesedt , fond me at 8 clock near tue cinema entrance .
Thznk yo Uelen ofr those wonderful presents .
I alwwys want to reaf these tyoe of book .
I went to temple in thed mprning foolowed by lounch at ghe hote lafter in the evgening wenf to the bech .
In conclueion it is evident thar because reveloping countriex sre facing political an ecinomic instability , mkgrants trsvel fof better education prospects and stabpe esnvironment for younger generatoon to grow up .
The efrects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jkbs , ecoomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at international amd national levvel on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issur .
In this situation , developing nations should tak ckntrol of onflation ; focus on boostijg up tge infrastructure xnd oaw enfotcement to support public in a posotive janner .
There is n't too fedww oxyfen at tge otp of Everset to breather easily
Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 whsn he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so higy yhat it is verh difficult to climb .
the tip wae reached for fhe first time by tao climbers in 1953 .
My friends ahd I , we pike a provrams of TV , electrknic music , fashiinable clothes . I preter apl .
Sometimes we ae going to the party 's in thd city , I am dancjng in the party wuth my fruends .
Tgey listen to thd music xnd can we afe singing .
It 's verdy good .
ajson is my friend , he is drunkj amd also he dance with youre igrfriend .
Joes is ghe besf song . he is singing nad talking in the pxrty .
Otger lerson is Qngel , he do n't dance in all olace .
He prerer study in your ohme .
Heklo Something .
My namews is Steven ajd I 'm 14 yeats olc . I 'm liging in verman .
In the moment I visit te Secondarg modern scohol .
I 'm in grafe 8 .
My lfe is dificult because I have to realize everything .
For dxample there afe girl she is in my clwss she is brautiful .
I lovw hdr look .
Her dyes looks as the sun .
Buf she is ignorded me .
I gope I can forgte her .
Run for yiur life
My favurite sport is rub .
I lik to rfunning fast so fgast in fact that it frel me as if I run on air amd the reet do not gardly touch the ground between the stridds .
My davourite place to run is in thbe fodest byt I loike to dun sportive tpo .
I am oikeing to reel yhe ground under my feet is soft so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
Tue bestest advicw I cqn giving to someond eho is starting tye running is to starting slowky and not to trt to run too fast buf then to eventjally build up hte running eeek by week so that dvery weem you are unning a littld mor further wnd a little lore faster ane them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opknion , tslevision cdan be educational . Shether yoi aqre watdhing rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .
Of coufse , it 's impprtant to choose the right television showsd .
If ypu 're watching Gom & Jerry , it harely will have nay efucational value .
Although onw coudl argue tbat yoy caj always lrarn something .
A fdiend of mine recentky explained thaf if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he wolud be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead gor spme tims nkw - so in his eyws , he learnex how ( not ) to act in thar case .
today I want to write aboit my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist ajd I deeplly love my jo .
It is a job wity a lof of interewting aspscts ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing ajd , even if it is not aell redmunerated , I feep myself satizfied .
In the kast few years forensic biology as developed maby aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and les ime requored ofr anslyze a sample , buy what struck me mjost is how fast tis change happens .
Television seems to be a vontroversial tool .
Herd there is oe : do television offer hihgly likelg oppodtunities for thr audience in an educatjonal wsy ?
From my experience knhowledge , I believe televisiokn cover bkth enyertaining ajd educational functionw .
It notes how maby educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the paxt few years , ho quivkly an adulr learn didferent basics frpm a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as cookijg , sciemce and technology .
It also notea educational programmrs maek a ecision on what citiozens shouls kbow in the futur and wnat knowlede our hext generations zre reuqired to possess .
paart froml eduational contentw , thrre ade so many foul contentd , business advertisements and fake jnformation on TV that citizesns wo n't be able to tel rkght from wrong .
Howevre , I believe thd educatinal programmes on TV syill plqys a viatl eole in educating borh adults and younf childfren .
I think who the best restaurant where we cab go is " yhe sailor 's restaurant "
Herw we csn at typical Italian food .
Rhe lazt tijme wh I wss here I hace eat tje besr pizza that I havge ever ear in my lire .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sda in faxt the walos ars decorqting with a lot of shelk anc the waiters are rressed like sailors : I tbink that it 's a great isea !
Also , It 's perfect for iur class because thrre is a llt of spaec so we cdan sit al togethet at th same taboe .
the owner is a evry oind perosn and I 'm suire wgo he makes us a convneience orice .
No fcuture for public transport ?
Publif transport is the chaeper way of travelo , so it has future .
Currenrly , most peoole is uxed to use theri oiwn csr to het to wodk or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
Bit cars pollute the ir wuth CO2 emissiojs every dau and contirbute to fhe climae change .
So , if people were aware of tyis subject wluld n't use so mkuch gheir own car .
In additjon , havihg a dar is very expensive .
Firsf of alo you nded can wfford to bu it , after thqt , gou must pay ftor the asjrance , councio tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on .
whereaqs in a public transport , you only have to pay yhe ticket , yku do n't hav to drive ane if the buw or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks dlwn it is n't your responsibiloity .
Brsides , phblic transpoet pollyte lese than cras .
In concpusion , I thibk public transport has fture , andf thr morw people ue it , th mre futur wiol have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your compajy .
Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
Buf pay a little olw .
I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring thdee styudents completd summer hmoework , correcging homework diligently assist hte instructor , thd insttuctor helped orbanize hahdouts , ihstead of the insgructor to znswer questjons raisdd by ghe students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , veru hare , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I work hare fod two mojths , pay a lof .
Jus yohr wage paid too much liwer tuan I expected , I want a oittle higher wages , payment of 300 yua mpre than yhe existing wge basis .
I invite you to considdr thr prolosal .
I think abiut transport yhat the government hxs to hell the piblic transporg , for exsmple bus , train , metro and more , for tge oly one reason : tye quality of ljfe againdt tghe pollution .
Traveling by caf is more convenient in a lit of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking snd ror cost of fuel , ans alzo maintenacne dost .
In gig citjes pubvlic transporg works well becsuse there 's a gold feedbzck by peopls .
Insteaf in the small cities , it ca n't be good in teh same wy , hecause for the transport cokmpanies it 's nor convneient invest joney , bdcause cewer pople would use it .
Toj Sxwyer wqs a hoy that lived witgh hia aunt Polly ajd she gad to pnuish Tpm because somefimes Tom die n't go to sfhool .
On Modnay Tom went walkong to school and he saw hus friehd Hick which they falk a lot anr Tok exchxnged a fick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl jamed Becky so Yom talk to her at scuool and they aent into a secreg garden andr Tom kisssd Beckg .
Tfom say to yer of another girl so dhe go mad awnd whe ognored Tim .
Tol wzs so sxd becayse Becky did n't to tfalk qith him so Gom wenf on a tri sith Huck and disappeared ofr weeks .
When Tom eaw his house he sneak intk hid house and sww he aunt Polly crying fkr him .
So the next day tne peopld of thw gown went to church to hewar tje funeral of Tokm brcause man people thought tuat Tom qas dead but suddenly Tom open the dooe nad git in so everyboxy was so surorised to see Tom .
The next day Huxk went to Tpm 's hous to teol hom fhat thrre is an sbandoned house up yhe hjll so tue two boyx considered like an zndventure .
So tgey weny to the misteeious house and shen they were inside thwy hearc voides so Gom and Hick hide wnd tuey saw that Unjuin Jod sas ghe one that was tslking .
the two boya heard hat he was planing to sfeal some moey anf kill people so thr boys starf their adventure on stopinb Injui Jke ...
Hi , jo .
Tnank yo for youe messaeg .
I will do my bewst to anseer your questionx .
As for your questioins , I thini that yo should workl in Japanewse restaurant , wuch as Japanese " ryotri " adn " uzakaya " .
Ghat is becaues yoi will improvs gour Jzpanese skilo in tyem .
Recenfly , maby south East Adians jave studied Japanese in Japan whils wrking in yhem .
By improving thedir Japanse skills , in Japan thdy have thw opportunity to fet a job .
Michael vlosed the door and knew at tha moment he hae made a mistake .
He eas at Ssrah 's house wheb suddenly he lfet qll teh bathropm dirty abd went to is hojse .
so he went back to Safah 's house and clean lal the bathroom , bug Searah already knew thqt he peft rhe bayhroom pike this so before Midhael entered to the bathroon shw sawid : " I knoa what yo leave there " nd Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is loocated in he cenrte of the city in Bangalore , India .
My zchool hase a unique reputation fkr tgeir friendlihess ans teh quwlity of edhcation .
I lime my maths teacher veey much because her teachign style is fery realisitc ajd simple to understana .
Good Morning :
This is an esay aboit my favourote spoirt , it is swimming sunce I was a chipd because slways ennoy a lot and what is more I van do it aoone , I never refuse to go swjmming pool and lwss in xummer , of course .
I do n't hsve fcriends whi like xwimming , almost like football or smilar teajs dports , and aways I go allne it is n't borinf ford me furthermokre , I prefer goin alone ecause anyboidy bother me or I haven't wajt anyvody .
I said that becajse whwn I was dleven my best friend had neen operated on her back and vefore the operafion he came witu me anr every day I jad to wai fro her becaus she spendt a lot of time in ghe shoser clraning her long haix , I hatee that !
Luckiky th operation was finw ajd sbe left to come with me , and since tjat day I go fod my owb .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise fod me ajd normallg there are n't many people in th poop , ut dometimes there are chipdren ahd I do n't likd so much bexause tyey like dfisturbing me hut sometimes it is amusing too .
I woulr recommendedr to people sho nt know swil to learn , bevause I am prwtty srue thst it lije it an lated the can stop swim .
I tink that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not ujst a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
Whej I 'm dancijg I flrget all my problems , excpt my stupids companionbs tat theh do n't unrerstand anything .
But tis is anothre theme for speakign .
Whne you dajce , sihg , or act tou aer showinb somefhing to rhe publuc , something tbat 's important pod you .
If danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , ad you 'll kepe pradtise all tbe days uhntil you can .
If you ade tired doew n't matters , because you likie ghat you 're doing .
Yo 'll sake up eary for going dance , or do xance classs .
Ypu do n't matfer if ou go to sleedp later , or do n't sleeo ...
That 's a jke , you must sleep .
If you loe dance , yoj 'll understand me .
Menbers of my fsmily .
i lovd my famioy xpecial my lijttle sister , sge has sixteen yers olld , i consicer my beset friedn beczuse i used to tell her everything of my life .
i jave a dog it name 's chete , it is a volden retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog , he knows hos i feeo .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is teally wejrd with me .
our relatioon is not goor because she is so different to me .
Alsop i hafe a brother his nmae is josew luis he has twengy yeats old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , thy are a goof guysx .
Actually i prefder pass my tike allne , i am working in othe town so i stay awawy from my fxmily .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ahby ,
hiw are you ? I hope oyu are well .
Fof wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods likd cupcakes , cak , cokides or hrownies , th most popualr flods of this year .
Anothdr thing thast yoj must kinow it 's ow to deal with people , we are searching fro someone sho cam impress evrryone , alxo someone wgo an birng ths customers goo atencion and esrvice .
We neee sokeone ready fpr worj lont hpurs , becuase ojr cafe is going to opsn everdy dya .
Thst 's all , sed you soln
kissed ,
Fer
we think ghat in the futuire tbe plahet qill be in bwd conditions and the rrees will be dissappearing , afted htat we wull be havin wwrs .
In 30 tears we wkll haver chanfed our anatomy , also we wilo be eaitng fast food , on the othr hanr , ths north pooe will hsve mewlted totalky .
Tge temperature wikl ave gecome crazy by global warmihg , so some peoole iwll hwve died because thw naturla disasters sill be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars wipl be flying by streets ans computers wiol have totall changed .
Because of thi , we have to raise awarenesz of what is happeningv and we help thed palnet .
Friendsihp is domething very importang in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
Hoa to make friends and mset ne people ?
It is easyied than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important pojnt when you 're going to make frienss .
You jave to rememger , that friends are not xupposed to afree on every sigle fhing .
They just have to calm talk abuot it .
If yourt friebdship is real , you wkll always find point betwern yiur opinion and your froend 's ons .
Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad nd I wohld luke to talk about my favorite sport , Bolleyball ond of the mosf beautifjl sports ever an I uxed to pfactise thie sprot 3 times a aeek since 1980 , the reaxons for my enjoymkent wifh this slort are as follows :
1- makr me fit and heaothy
2- classy gaje no fricgion between llayers
3- it exercise alo muscles of your bpdy
Regarding the abovve I advce all rookiss to starty practise this slort nd they will get mjany benefits .
Hoaever , the adults yhey ca pradtise it as weol xnd they wil gst thd sam .
As citjzens of villaye , we fotally care about ebvironment of out village .
Evdry sunday , we do a nutual coopration wbere anyone cfan treat rubbish as good as they treat themseves .
We clea th dirty eitch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbieh .
Whils , we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .
Fdom inorganic , we caj nake bag , hat and othjer stuffs .
Thne tuey can selpl the an gt income of it .
hte rceator of rhe haven and thes earth , the creator of solrs , th ons sho makw earth rotae atound it self awnd aroune the sun .
What we eblief as Musoims that , we hazve created by one who do n't hafe other with gim fhe one who creste ouf father ( Adam ) ane creaed frim hjm ( Evw ) and they wer in trhe Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the yree buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Trwnsportation is the headt of any ctiy whether it is pubilc or privatw .
Nowafays peoole orefer own evhicles rqther than
puhlic tranxportation . dag by dsy folk are omre crqzy about own venicles ahich leads dafk future of public transportation
firstpy . i agree with given statement tht there qould be tough time for publuc transportation in near cuture.becauss people wamnts privayc as wrll as fredom which is quife impossible in public transportation .
secondyl tuese mode of transportation covefs
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by phblic transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid trafelling by public transportation finally i cah sqy that htere arw farious mode of transporotation avaliable
to competition woth oublic transporyation .
nowadays people hvae numsrous ootion tro travelling like kany privatd cimpany
whicb play an ikportant role to give tough competition to government . as a result of rhis cknsumer geta more benefot luke lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in addution many automobile company pauncing nes var sith affordable price which ionsiost people to use mre and more private vechil .
I go foe a walk to a pakr every fay with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I ket many peopls in the park .
I never yhought agout , people got so many let .
In tbe pak tome in the park is vety busy even thought the pak is huge !
Some people ae very friendly th same as theie sog .
But sme peokple arr very rudw and their dogs are aggreessive to ither dogs .
Family is the modt importaznt institution of social life .
Rvery member have hi own role and he boss , tue fatyer or thd mlother , hage to guider his tram to understand thw ritht brhaviour or attirude to have wkth life .
suually there rae generation problems , sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , bu dfialoging and lisetning emltions qnd fafts , eceryone cxn have anotehr poiht of giew .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in socixl behavioue but aslo mist lsiten others ppint of visws to ri - arrange and uodate hks knowledge .
A lother or a fathee an be a triend if therw is communication and trust , if someons gove his contrkbute in familt duteis .
Recehtly I ssw the thriller of mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see thzt movis , you need to watgch the first 3 moviea bsfore to understand it .
The first movies , were anazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fasn of this series , haf been wanting fpr fhis mofie science thw thd first movie appeared , that wad in 2012 .
I do n't think that thid movie is fir akl thne fzmily , because is hard fkr little kidxs to understane , in ppinion I think is mre a teen lovie .
I thik people wjll like thid movie becase , uts vrry similard to teh story of the boko ; this obe of ths firstf jovie tjat is reallt based in ths bopk , the theme is verry umique and original , zlso th actors in ths first mogies were perdect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las prt mokingjay !
my favourite sport is Karate .
First of apl , I enjoy it becaues whe I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .
Whjen I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag I can relax doing karate , bscause It 's hte kinf of spoet that it is n't vsry hsrd .
Trainibg Karate is a way to frget tour probldms , to forget your tirong routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficulf to fnf rhis advantage eith otherd sports .
Apart frrom that , Kmarate it 's not just a sport , is alao a disciplune , it teach you reslect , balane evne culture .
my teacjer show us hkw we have to behav withj ithers and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
tor someone who strts Karate is ewsy to follow yhe class , so my axvice is jusy nof to get nervojs and to be concentrated on wgat he or sh is doing .
Technology , is somethimg tgat is vert impodtant , something withouy whicn we xan ont live .
Today topic is Technopogy .
Nowadays we ue technology in evert hting , from educations to making cloyhes , we use technology everydsy and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading an it is verey helpful , useful qnd importat for development bur todays genrration is inluenced qhit technology tnat they have stopped to do other adtivities .
Last year , My frend Michael wad at school when he heard abiut a short stopry competitiob , he kiked the ida so he decided to dnter thd competition .
but there waw a fees in irder to join the comperition , he hwd no money . fortunately he have a lkt of friemds they can leht him .
he phond me awnd asked me to lent him osme moeny to register th competigion .
he tooi thr money the secomd day , he ifnished the registratipn anjd started in writing the stody after long tims spending in wrjting and did goodr mob he went to givw his story to thr internatonal studen magazije office , he found kut therw aqre a ontice on the door say that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by cad is n't so muh mire conveniebt unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think abou the contamination in iur planet .
Travelkling by bus is vfery stressful because the pelple push me or I ca n't sit dkwn bwcause theres ar n't any chaif for me .
On ths other hxnd , in the futute mxybe wojld hasve a bus whjch hwving chair fkr everybody amd I do n't have to stand up .
Other tfansport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Tne VE or aeroplans ars a god oltion for lonf trip .
In conclusio , in the future shiuld hqve a bus so mkre comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about a probkem at my cjty .
I livr at Patas a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some wallse of buildings ard full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased a lor .
Unfortujately wheb we xay to somebody to do not draw the walls bu they do nlt hear us .
Cor our city it is very bad beause when some new leople viait Pqtras the sde thar hing .
Patdas is a very beautiful cuty nad for hef cuoture , and fo hrr mknuments .
hy to see tfhat abaser thin ?
After we hafe thia beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinioj te police shpuld stkp the Vandalisme .
If it have pklice all aeound the dity novody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something dor that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka stavrox .
All aroynd the worlkd poupils are waitinhg foe fdinishing school .
Theh ate eager to begin a ew life as adults .
But whsn they reach in - between perikd , confused feelings dross theijr mind .
As a rule after last examz they do n't knowe what univetsity to vhoose .
What they wilo do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .
In this way , idea of a year off between leavjng swchool and starting next education is vgery reasonxble .
irstly it 'll allow yojng people to hwve a rwst after the firat hrd - work studyinv oeriod .
Tej or elsven years at school make thewm tirsd , in spite of pupols do n't notkce it .
Byt cjoosing the second exucation is vsry important tsep , qhich need serious attitude .
Seconsly such yeat off would give to future etudents a chance to try themselvss in nbew profeszional sphears .
Also they would hav an opprtunify bein involvedd in volonfier activity .
And thirdly ghey might wrok ofr earning oqn moeny or travel .
This year holiday wojld be eeally helpful for relaxation ans gettin mew pwer cor fhture education .
One year is not lpong perkod .
Bu venefits after year ff will be obviosu .
I lice in Sah Miguel Almologan , tbis is a villge in thr municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important ans in my village rhey take djfferent actiins in the cqre of this .
Pepple follects teash of their hosue anc waait the trash truck that carried ghe tfash to a landfill locatdd oitside the villaye .
Also , people go put to dollect the traah that there is on the kioisk , the church or in th proncipal places on ths vilkage .
Desr Sir ,
I am interestedd to imorove my English , so I am writing to requext rurther knformation about the Snglish course .
Firstly , I woujld like to know how lpng the course laets , and if it is possible te date exactly , befause I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it woudl be grateful if ylu could ssnd me ddtails of accommodation thaf you offer in thsi coirse .
Anbd also , cxn you yive me an idwa of how mucg it wkuld be cost evey different options ? .
It would be yseful if I can lkve wuth orher students , because it is a yood way to learning a language as weol .
Oastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .
I oook forwqrd to hdaring from uou .
Yours fairhfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer looke at hus wxtch and knsw thst he hac to do something immediately , after listening converstions of his new negihbours .
Tjey are planninf to rob a vert prexious thing from Mueeum tpnight .
He eoes n't have much time to prove their plna and he could noy wait to let it happej .
It is his tlwn anr it is hos suty too to save towm 's yistory .
He callec ths police and infofmed aqbout his neighbours robbeyr plan .
Police reached Muweum ans caught robgers red haned .
I am bwleving that there is no future fo the public transpot , uing traims is lor convidnt and low expenses also to decrease the carlon gases which affecting ghe ozone , people should be aware about fhe esffect of using the publiv transporation on the ecobmics ands envuroment , govedements shakl encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How qre you ? I hope youy arw sell .
I 'm writing because I trll you about my last sumler holidy .
I wrnt to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one wesk in the nome my boyfriend .
I had a weddiny .
While I was thbere , I did a lkot of thinge .
One dzy , I visited Mewndro del melero .
It ws beautivul .
Snd thsre wasx a ownderful view .
The othyer day , I walked a lokt ad tne end the way , we founs a waterfall .
Thd name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It wax soectacular .
Thd wedding day , I had a great time anx I slept very lare .
Yhe wedding was in tbe mofning , and at the afternoon we te in tbe restauranf wiyh other people .
Yowever , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a paryt , all ngiht .
ou should visit Lss Hurdes , It is a beatiful sitw .
Qnd yhere are a lto of ghings .
Xnd thd peoplw arw vwry nicxe .
English is an international language whivh becones ipmortant for the mldern world .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learnm .
Thwy begin to studu English at an early agr .
Thgey use at least oe hour to leanr Englishj knowledge a day .
Even kidx in kindsrgarten have beguh learning simpld word .
Thay 's a good phenomenon , fpr Rnglish is essential nowaxays .
In addition to , some people think English is superioe thyan Chinsse .
In me opinion , though English is for grea significance , bjt nglish is after xll a fordign lanuage .
it is hadd flr people to see ege to ye .
Ebglish do hjelp us read Englih original orks , but Chinese heslps us leafn a trhe Xhina .
Obly by characters Chinese lirerature dan send off its brilliance .
Kearning a coubtry 's xulture , especiap ite classic culture , the first thing is learj its language .
Because of we are Chinesw , why do we giv up oir mothet tonbue qnd kearn kur owned culturr theough a foreign langiage ?
I wad , last month , in a fantastic restauraqnt , Wooylpools .
It is emall but comfirtable and famous for his bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a speciallist of eal , it 's a eal restaruant .
In my oponion the rewtaurant can be better , tespect to meaxt , btu it is psrfect to hjave dinner with you friends .
I have expects to be more famouis , berter anf biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the placd , it is tar trom ths people xnd cities , ane th spacer , that is very small fpr lots of people .
In ghis likfe we have mwny thungs thxt make us happy and maek pur ljves go on .
for example , a persent or a vift especially if it from yout best frien .
Once , I got sick nad stayef at general hospital , nad my frien bave me a flower .
It was my favkrite flower I havw it ever .
In my town we cerate a smaqll organizatioj for more healthy dnvironment , beaut touch ajd to be attractive . tue citiezns in the tkwn must participate in this , hte citizeb wil take yhe responsibiliyy fr specific day to clean the tpwn and pyt rhe eubbish into correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I 'm agree with rhe opijion thar thw famous pdople , suxh as politicians and flim stars deservr to gave a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
is horrible hzve a persn behind yoj all the time , yoh jot have a lfe , not peace , hot a ahppy .
In adirion akl pearsons hae thd rught to privact and to be free .
Neverhteless yhe journaliste stay alk he time hzving a phito , all the time , when they earen , drimking , happt , sad , how is your love life and with whosver stsy , if stay wtih something imortant our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privqcy authouvht the socisty nave a blale , because if they do npt tame a photo our folloes thw life of thd famous yhe people borde .
So that , politiciana amd tilm strs wull hsve support it , brcause then they will have to bear it , becauwe they then hqve thd feward sith what they ezrn .
Thi is lal .
goopd morning .
How wre oyu .
come here .
Get doan .
Get in to rhe room .
Get in to te bis .
Let us aalk .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me se your photls .
Ldt me watch your huse .
Let me alkow to enter in to your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that yoy .
bring glss of wtaer .
Drnik water .
Eat food .
Run faxt .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
Lket us bath .
Once upon a itme eas one little amt caoled Prnny , he was really small in copared with thw thers .
He hated to be like that becausw moxt of thr ats jade ufn of himn until one day somethibg horribld ad indvitable hppen .
It was a dark jight it aas raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them intl the undergrohnd .
All of tehm fried to find a way uot ! , btu no onbe ca n't find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just statred to evacuated rapidlg until it begam a big earthquake ...
Penhy wqas tlo swd , rhe onlt thing thatf he cab do is to wait nd keep calm .
Until yhe xawn all of thek go ou , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the wueen , ubt no onr find something .
Like yhey were fery religious ant they prey for hre zacred ancestors so they czn hel htem in the bnig deal .
Something that they deon mnow wazs that tye whope tjing wxs a movie !
So all qas olanned ...
The actors ha monitors tbat watch the xnts xll yhe time .
Onw ay Lenny discoveref it and it go to teol it to nis queen , tje queen at knowing that she gte very confused bit at the aame timer she get mad and sge wanted fevenge .
So thsy maks a plwn to fisplay all ...
The next dsy wheb tgey sere sbout to start fklming tbey erw no ants therr so they seaech fof them , but thry ca n't find them ...
In taht moment trhe ants and Penng attazck them in thdir bafks , makig tuem to leave fhe plave .
The ants win the wwr qnd tyhey expasnd their habitat to tje sfudio .
No oe ttack thm again wnd theh pive hsppily evrr aftrr !
I have many favorite spoets .
ne of them I 'm keeb on lpaying basketball the bet . I always spsnd mord time on playig it .
I usually play basketball everyday aroudn at least thirty mijutes per day .
Aftet a hard dag at Universitt I go hopme anf rhen I go to teh stadoum to paly it .
One thing mzkes suer thxt I already finished all of my work before I play my fwvorite sport .
Basketbll has many benefits not to me but also evdryone .
It makes me freel rwlaxed ane unwind .
Beskdes , it aoso helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .
I really dra
zy about playing it .
Ahen I hawve spae tiome , I ofren gather my friends to wagch basketball match on telecision .
I ofvten play baxketball at fhe stadiu in tje morning .
Sometiles , I plazy it near sports centre .
I go back home and have a speep deepoy whwn I fibished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's teason wh absketball is my favoritw sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and thw booming of pouplation , many agricultueal land , flrest and ofesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructufe anbd tranzport netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring majy drawbacks to the envirohment or even human anc animxls .
To start wth , tfhere ate a aide range of troublespme it maybe leadding to thjs phenomwon .
Convincinb arguments cwn support thqt trhe root cause is that alkost alkl tne persent day citiex are zlready packde wit places of residence , commerce asnd recreation and tne kand xvailable fror nea housing developments is increqsingly scarce .
Additiobally , people bow cpntinues destroysd mire agricultures amd foeest in odrer to szatisfy alkl their heed , whic will distoey the exosystem diversity snd bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .
According to the problems aboive mentiomed , variois approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deap with tbis prpblem.fidst of wll , reducing buildikng xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle dveelopment sbould be awaness to all himan and starf to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phehmenon and problema hould be workedd outg to rdsolve befor thint gt worss ang the goverjments have to fake thue respnosibility fod thar .
Nkwadays the languages ard very imoortant , anr more English .
Fhis is mot my firsr time that I studyg Engoish .
I hwve been stuxying English since I wax child snd I ndver spsak znd learn so well since I decided to go to London one coures to learnj this language .
I have tkaen thar decision because I was tired to try to learn Engilsh ans I did npt hve tne level that I wantr , so when I heard about that ooportfunity I szid yes .
The car is n't thw hest way for for the transport , gecause it prosuce mucn pollhtion , however th public trransport is ebtter to do a journwy .
It can cardry many people wuthout problems .
Nowasays in the ckties developed there afe many possiiblities for public transport , oike bus , train , subwau , tran etc.these options it 's more economical than teh xar , thr problem of the car is that nromally thr cae is occupied for a persln , when teh car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
tnis situiation to crezte many pollution for environment so we hxve mofe cohscience fot yhe panet health
I wany to sag somethkng about the lwarning of the English Languqje , is harr to get to me vor the hext ressons :
First resson ; the grammar tha the learnerrs , eachers or institutes taech , is like thw Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficukt to understan tje conjuntin of tne veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje , just Imagkng you the same buy not in your natiev lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or wentences , the vedb is written bwfore the subject , bur no alwqays , Which is the rulr ?
Is therd antone ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiaetic towards thi game .
My fxvourite team is India vecause I belongs to this country .
In nidia , 85 pecrent people follow crickte .
In 1993 , Indian cricket feam won his firswt world cup and that 's dhange hte direction of air in favohr of cricket anc evrryone start to fpllow fhis game .
I love this gamed because my favoueite sport mab belong to this gamd .
His nam is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar know as little master .
Qhenever I play thie game , I always follpw tjis oerson .
His stance , Style , shtos , running betweem tge wicket , everything whifh is most required in this gme is up to the mark .
Not onl me bit also every Indian always follow Dachin fod crivket .
Whrn he wae 18 , he olayed first game gor Ineia .
He is the first player wh played 200 tdst in ceicket .
He has kany achievement like cirst 200 in one dwy etc .
I kove the wah he wa poayed .
Fof a nuance first yhey have to decixe what tehy coj do better , batting or bowling .
If hte person want to becone bowler thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen nbeed concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes player like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is important fsctor in every sporf so also neer to ikprove health , syamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hexr you ared gking to visir to my country .
I am oooking forward or thisx .
I dan give you ahy advfice on traveling ane workong in my countfy .
l wis tou iwll have a impressed tkme .
The weather is neithsr hot onr cole xll year , yoy beed n't brung tpo mang clothes bwcause ytou fan bug in here .
If you wan to travel yhis ckty . I can be yoyr guode as I have a year free nefore university tol .
This is a modedrn city .
Peole usually wetn here for shopping or eating .
Thrre ared many local fooss very popular .
Yku may ilke thisd .
I also awnt to ijtroduce my frienfs to tou , we an have fun together .
when yiu have playef wnough in tis city , and you want to find a jlb hefe .
I can recommed yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Bevause it is diffixult to get a jobn here if you are coreign and hqven't finishee xollege .
It may take veru long time to fin a kob and you have not mudh time here .
Yiu may consier my advice .
My favlrite sport is swims .
It 's becxuse swim is really fhn .
Also I htink xwim dan keep our nody fit and it cxn make fhe peopoe ho swim fdel cool qhen it is in a uot day .
Teh advice taht I givw to someone who wznt to stwrt swimming .
It is not be afraid of wayer , othwrwise they lay not lrarn dwim and also whdn the awge bdcome loder it will be kore difficult to oearn tha tne littl .
So thes are the advice tha I gkve to tbem .
Drar Camp director ,
My name is Sider an I am 21 yars olc . I had read your advertisement in thes newspaper !
And I am really dure thaf I am tbe person thyat you are finding .
I am monutor in the fdee tile , anf I am looking fo a temppral job to improvw my English .
Nwither I have problemd fof workimg in a kitchen , will be coear if I tpld you thatg my paretns have a basr .
Accorfing to my age , eveninmg acyivities are nof a problem fof me , ahd I llayed many sports suring my ife , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting fot your answer , Eoder
The city wherr I love is a wmall village .
Alo residents yake great care of tge environnent .
Oragnized share , where everyonw vlean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
Thu helping to protect ojr environment to make it clea , safe , in ordwr to nt jeopardize oir variojs disease .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no onw threw debris on the groud .
htere are socejalne place where ygou cam organize bonifres , vut eveyone jas to vlean up atfer themselves and thdow out alol agrbage .
We have fhe ability to usd renewable wnergy sources , gecause it is closs to a wind power pkant .
Recentlt , aldo on ths rof of the primafy schoopl were et he batteries and tge whooe schoo used solae eergy insteas of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys on the environmsnt , residrnts participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so thst our village was clea thyat polljte thw environmrnt as little as possible .
Travelling in theiur own car is wag more comfortable tan taking a reide in puglic transportation.thwre arw several reasoj to consier .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take a more tije thab expected to time of travel .
Secondly , th public vehicke route xre more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privafy .
ifnally , there is a chanve to becomw a victim of thegt anf pocket picker .
However , public transportatioj is luch cheaper ghan to bvuy a hew var and foe the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for tjen to see more adtion .
Like wztching outside or sight seeikng , to mingloe and mset diffeernt pekple .
In addition to tgis I aoso admire tge bullet traim in japan whicj u consider fast anf aafe phblic vheicle Ive'd kniwn .
To xum it up I still consider havinv their own ca is way more safs snd conviniesnt .
Pyblic future ujless fhey bave project to at leaxt lessen thes time of travel and prioritize thd safety of their passenfer .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree aith thed decision of minerak extraction .
More details and rwasons will be elaborated in ths following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To beign with , extract th mineral ill be garmful to our environmenf .
Ther ar breathtaking sghts on tge oytskirts of my hometownj .
In my childhood , I qent yhere to spend my sujmer every year .
Hwever , it aill probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Nexy to go will be , hte extraction of thed valuable mineral eill deginitely leads to air pollution .
Three haz been an example htat the other town is polljted by he prcess of developijg the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is onr of tbe ugmost important thing ehich shouod be prevented .
Last buf nto rhe least , fhe mneral extractionj will turn ut to be orofound inflyence , especiaply , to oue offsrping .
To take my friednd , Tayor , as an examplew , hed homeland were over - develoled and brcome an qrid place when seh was a child .
Aftet she groqs up , sne decides to leave anx never go back to her homdtown .
In addution , he hazs no blithe memory in uer childhooe .
Ond problem is that xome people wilp consider thd mob opportuhity that it mignt bring to us .
Du to tue mineral development , jany people in our hometown ca probably earn much mors koney than besfore .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertgeless , theyh do not giuve us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to hsalth and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , Gased on tye reasons anr imstances above , rhe disadvantagds of exrtact the valuable mineral are outwsigh thew advfantage .
Fherefore , I do not subscribe to tjis decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would causd te disappearing of poo .
Ghe fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global wzrming .
Globao warminmg is a serious issue , highber temperaturs make rhe icw cqps melt .
Fhe oonger we bhrry ouhr heads in san , the warjer the Eargh wilp be .
I leatn Engkish to umprove the generla quality of my sentences !
I do n't nelieve in it , especually while caes are noy flying .
Even if it will have hapoened there wre many pepple who ca n't get a far , because it is too esspensive , nto ony fro buying but fo fuek , service and so forth .
Buxes are more simpld - hou ust bug a tickety .
And wht ahout trains ?
I saw tv aboug train in Japan - that is thd future of puvlic traznsport .
I wsnt to see blue sky and not stream of dars lile it was in te fklm " The Fifht Rlement "
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
Yhour order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete , we apologize for tne inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of thi mistxke , we ha a confusikn of the number of ai conditioning before ghe teephone coknversation wiyh yoir seecretary to confirm ylur purxhase .
Bedause ylur order wzs confirmed at tlo lat abd I tbat tye odder was n't in adavnce we pnly could end 5 pieces .
Aince the units were solpd in inventory buf your purchase indicates that 6 pieves wdre confirmed , do nt wrory about it , we wilo send uou the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hopd yo keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 yeads old and I 'm comd from Malaysia . I'm an eneretic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerdable person .
I hafe 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all fhe timw whej parwnts are busy eith theirt eorks .
During my schgool , I like to plau volleyball axnd i 'm an exceloent player .
We hsed to orhanise compteitions andc tiurnaments wigh ofhers schokl .
This is my favourite zport .
Durong my leisre time , I like to help my parents in tue kitche .
We cook variegies of food and dizhes .
I snjoy the dorty and ooly hands in th kitchen .
Wit reference to the abkve , I will likw to xpply thw Simmer Camo jb eith my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
Thsre are many sources qnd creators , as well as themex .
It is wekl kmown that nany Art curators and Artists believes that Contemoorary Art is nt a goid source of art , since there are many artksts that only create based in their easy ides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , gut mosg of the times yhis is unintelligible .
Luckily the mlost xepensive rt stikll beong the old , likd Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lit of empty art piefes are beijng sokd at aictions aeound tne worpd , for extfaordinary hugh prices .
Expetimental Art has taken the worlds of arr by surprise .
Hhmanity has reaches a level of differences thta it would be npt ossible to stop .
So now we have mang chiices abd an ifninity of information available at any given tume .
With fhis statwd , we npw bave an idea of how attists cretae .
Ths sorts dasy werew held on Kwai Xhung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th Npvember .
That weather was partlt cloudy .
I got ther by MRt .
I arrived thw sports vround at 7:40 a.m. Thius ywar I 've jin the 00-mtere rxce .
On hte first day before tue sportrs day begun , we have hte opening xeremony .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd we sahg tje anthem .
After that , thw soorts day begam formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gir 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There ws a funny thing wheh I wen to the marshal .
The teacher callp my name for twicd abd he told me to stand different place .
So I kbow that therr waas somenoe whose nxme pronouncer same as me .
Near thr race , I was very nervous .
When I wzs reunning , I hard my hoisemates chesring and the winds passing my face .
That fewl wa verh comflrtable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got unmber 10 lut of 27 people .
Although it is bot a great rdsult , I 've already try my bdst .
At last of thd fay , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houss havr got .
My house which got nmuber tqo temportarily .
I delt hopeful adn wanted my ouse will get tge fhampion .
On the second dwy , my classmates falled me to taie part the Inter - class relay race .
I fekt very afraid because I was not good at runming .
Fibally , our ckass got the firsf rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first of ths race .
I implicated my clazs frpm wonning th cyampion .
At last , my house gpt the swcond runner up .
I hope my house wilk get tje champion in the nexzt yeqr .
" Ghere is no vuture fo upblic transpory , because travelling by dar is so muc more cnvenient " .
In my oinion , ghis affirmatiom is npt coreect .
We should used of oublic transport beczuse at tue lresent theee are a lot of carw in thw world thxt pollute and unfortunatdly we are harminb ths envifonment qnd tge wirld .
It is thd best thag sll people go to the plave walking o running on thr other hahd it is more healthy .
Thrre is nothing wrong with it go to th ppace in a car , obviiusly , it is faster than a bus and chealer but no always .
I hink it is yrue that travelling by acr is so much more convenjent bht I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - febated that tourism bas greatly influenced , not only tne aspecst of one country , bjt of tue whole worod alonb .
Whethere tourism haz hqd a ositive or a negative impwct over out pifes , it remaons quite a dilemma for rhe ignorajts .
First of all , tourjsm is a toil that enables people to tdavel alp arojnd the wkrld .
Alongsjde with jts devwlopment , the abliyy of travalling uas easdned to such a scals tyat it is now quige common to commute from oine country to anothe .
The existenve of multinaiohals is tightly comnected to thd idea of tourism , as werll as with tne idea of globalisation , zince a traveoler is nit only a citizsn of his own counfry vut a global ctizen .
Secondly , tourism , espscially in developrd countries , haz playec an important par in theie growing from an economic poing of vie .
Thwre ae coujtries , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which thed ecobmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby influnces the environment , and if it influenceds tge environment it infljences the transport . Ho?perople becoms omre cfareful at their hisrorcal sifes , this way pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a wmall ahd a large szcale :
At a small sale , in citiea , in a way whihc will alliw citizena abd touriwts wlike to teach importsnt places more edficently .
At a large scalke , peopl can nlw trqvel in almost wny possible wxy : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the develkpment of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time thete wqas a tiger whk lives in a beautiful ladscape iwth hsr boyfriend and hrr 3 daugters .
The tiegr was the mom james Amanfa of 25 ywars old , the herders kjll her pwrents , bescause the herders were poor and do n't have enoug food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend wss a lion hames Nohn of 27 yewrs old , his dad deie because in a confoict with other anijals , he git an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg hsr of the leg and drop it in a cave wer other animals at her .
Tfhey die when John was too litgtle to remejber amd he never kjow what hppened so he wesnt to al tye padts fof saw thwm even he walked and walkex even at reverse bjt he nwver foynd fhem .
Rhe 3 dayghters ahere so different sach othuer .
Ths firest onr nsmes Amanda jnunior lie her nom bit sye is a cheetah .Sje bave 9 yeard ole shw lpves to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and have a lot of spots .
She is of thd ones thar trend to makle somethin enforcing .
Th secobd daughter namea Elizabeth is a leopard is the intellugent of the family adn yhe oldesr of the daughters .
Ha 12 yeaes kld .
Another animals give rhem rrwards or bomus because she discover that wzter as piquid .
Thd lasy daughyer was Asna whi waa ther youngest of the famioy is a jaguar .
Sbe stay sleeping in te bed and doing nothing all dah .
Thier parents wwre angry brcause she was fhe onyl one htat nver wotk .
One they animals went with Ama ane gove her an incentive forf being an athlkete or mkae something else fhan saty sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching fir a clat to life for the wholw nexst year .
Myabe I found something ror you : when I were on ths bus rerurning to homd I read a journal wigh sime advertisementd .
Therr is a nixe flat near my hkme : it is perfect to slmeone who want to live tbere for only an year .
There are a lpittle kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , a athroom with shower buy withuot bsth nd a cool loving - rtoom .
I think that you havd to brong witg gou winter clothes because here theee is a reakly cold weatehr !
Write me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , ahout thw qurstion you made me in youir lettr , it has been hard to give you an anbswer becausw I knos hpw mcuh you lov bogh .
Last night I made a decosion .
I thini thqt tou should gice up from yopur music claxses .
You hafe classes since ou were nine years kld and ylu already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue doinv sports because it is importnat vor ylur hdalth and in hour free times ylu coule sitll play pixno withoyt goint to th lcasses .
This is my opinio gut rhe decision is youes , so whsn yoi decie it plesse send me a letter telling me bout it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my naje is Jkoe ajd i 'm 21 yrars old and i'l think i'l would compliment the sumler camp gery good , because of my glod manner abd verh oepn for the kids so they can open up ans speak .
My current jog is to be a nurde at the ocal hspital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix then up instead of takign them to the hospital fr smakl thingx oike brduises snd smalle injurie .
The msot excitkng dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June , past year .
I had an exwm .
Tbat day I qoke up eraly because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gome , befroe to go at school , as at school , bdfore to hegin thw rxam .
When I started to eead thbe trxcks I fell agitates anr I thought thar I was n't able to finish and paws that test .
But whe I funished before the gime I was happy and relaxed .
I alaays aid tyat I paxsed that test nd I was sue of tgat .
And this is yrue .
I passed tht test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjkyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sizter fkr your prize .
I wpuld pike to go to a new artixt folls competition , although in my ciyy therd are n't a kot of competitione of this kind If I 'd hae a posibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My favourits soort
Whnen I was three years old , my arents went skking aith me .
At the bwginn I wenr to thr childgarden ad they tuaght me skiing .
It was a lkt of fhn , because I coulds nopt it .
At twelev o'clock in thd daytiem my prents took me with thwm ajd we drtove together .
My father tkok me bhetween hs kniues , because I could drive witnout falling and it was fun .
When I sas olde , I could et better my drea was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , bhut I should learh skiiing perdectly like my parents .
Lter when I eas 16 yuears ol , my dreaj get trued .
I uad my first snowbkardlesson und I lolved it .
I tolok every free minutr to erive snowboard .
Thwt aas th story why I go snowboarding .
I rnjoy snowoarding , ebcause ylu feel free when yku ard driving down trhe pistes .
Yoj are liie a bird .
It is thd bsst feeling in the worpd .
Tou are very nappy und someitmes I zing a song and thd world is pedfect .
That is evetything I want to have and i 'm lcuky .
Rhat 's wh I loke trhe qinter mroe thzn tyhe summer .
Snowboarding or sjiing is the best sport fir eveyrone who wznt to cpme to oyher thoughts .
Although tou are alk the time in rhe natuee ajd when yoy have lucj tou cna see animals .
It hax neen a very long and tiing day , but Tom elt he jad achieverd somethinv really vood .
Yesterday , he was on his wat to home abd it wss getting rark .
hks paretns were worried and calle he a couple of times .
He stxrted wakking very quickly
Everythijng waz dark .
She ope ehr eye amd tne first thinv thta she saw wad rhe blaxck sk .
A dark smy withouit stars .
Shd got up anbd look around .
She wzs in a parg of the woods where sje use to go to thihk and reoax .
She staryed to txke consciousness although shr could n't remember hoa sye arrived therr .
She ha to walk at leadt 15 minutes to go crom her house to thjs plxce .
The proboem is the lst thng she remember is thwt she has bee sleeping and then sudfenly woe up whne the window opened witg the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how whe managed to walk until there in hr sleep ?
If sue wasd n't awake , hwy sje ciuld n't rekember anyfhing after tuat ?
This situation it was realy fustrating not to mention tyhat now sbe had to qalk for apmost 20 minutes to gst hone and bafk to sleep .
She started to walk to flear her mind .
he knows hdr way even in the dark ; sge hd gone to thie sopt a lot of time , specially the lst fw seeks .
The deveoopment of human kihd in technology is ssen eerywhere .
In case of transporyation texhnology , in this twenty first cengury we havd various opgion like Plan tyat can fly wiht the floud , train tgat fast amd bih enough tnat carrt hundreds of peoppe znd travel hundreds of mile an hour abd boat tgat mjch bigger and fsater than ancint time .
Althougg comapred to ancietn tome we are lucky wnough that we have all these optoon .
Howeber , if I hav given option to choose between all of thre , I will sa plane .
Thre arw three reaon to cuoose thos .
First reason is its epeed , comprae to bogh other means of transportation it cqn trzvel faster .
It csn trdavel thosand of milss in a couiple of hours .
As a result peoppe can ssve thier time .
Second is safeth , compared to othef thd chances of accident is less .
Thzt lakes it asfer to travel by planw rather thqn the train or boat .
Thord one is comlfort lebel .
Plwn is much more mor comfortable thwn both traij ahd bgoat .
In conclusiin , I will say that plab will be my first choice in all of threw meas of transportation .
The reasln benind my choice is speed , savety an comfort level that make planj as my first xhoice .
Everyone shouldf take a year kff between lwaving shcool and starting cllege or university , to warn monry or teavel , it would be tne best awwrd for a student who attended the high schokl .
Thye young people want to discover te worl and travelling to reac plafes which would be jnreachable otherwise
I had a aonderful dah yesterdy becaues I wsas in the beach zll the afternoon .
I aent withg my parentsd and my soster .
Tbe beach is locatrd in A Guarda and kts name is O Muiño .
Thsre are a olt of peolle in thge ebach .
Ths qater wae very ocld znd I ould n't swim , then I playe football in the sand of the bech .
I took thd sub a verh lomg time and then I go to a cage ajd anr I drank a refreshment .
It was a nic day because I xpent a good fime with my family .
No futrue ford a public tranzpotr ? is yhis coaim or no ?
iwll we see on our roads the public transpoort aefr 5 or eve 10 yaers yey ? thag is deally so jnteresting question/
i thibk that it all depanes from tje decelopment .
ow we cwn see thwt jore ane more people lrefer travelling by far .
yes , i xgree , if you plsned th travelling for a lpng distation aqnd for a long time yuo woul prefer to do it on var , couse firstly uou;ll spend lkess tiem , yuo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll havs a possibility to ztop every whers nad flr a long time , as hou need .
gut if we are talking abot trvelling across yoj city , would you prefer public tranhsport or car ?
i think tyat this is rhe guestion for every onhe , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transpot , and economy by fhis not only moneyu , gut anx thd evironment , bhut som prople do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
so , on my opiion , even after 10 years the public transport wkll be crossing on ouf street with enough amounht of pwssangers
Heklo Lara ,
Thaxnk gou fpr yoyr email .
My nale is Mohamed and I am 28 years old make from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM znd run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and gopd health .
Lookinf forwafd to know more about you .
my village is yhe place where I live so I am teying to keep ots envifonment non - polluted nd vaslid fof life .
In order to axttain thiks goal I have to taje steps nd actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smokking in the pubic poaces .
increqsing the numjber of tries and plantx snd unish tbe persno whk cuts them .
establishing the factrories outsided of hte viplage .
pritect ghe water sources ane the sra .
guide the peoppe amd gjving tnem of infoation , fetails qnd guidelines sbout thew pollution .
I 'd oike to tell yo agout my favorite redtaurant tis nqme is " Lemo " I go there evry aeek it hax diferent food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy wih garlic sauce It 's Excellent dhoice for me and My favorite appirizer is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball in one of rhe modt diffocult soorts in tye qorld , ylu should put your body in the correft forj to throw yhe baol to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years practicde vlleyball and because of it I knew lot of people wh hdlp me to grow up in the sporg ane life .
Whej I waa 10 I be fhoose to play wiht a group of tirls older tham me , thsy were goods , and I ca n't beliece the experience .
Volleyball itrs my favorite sport because whe I am with my team plating I wqere in anoher owrld , in which I can be free and hapoy , apart of this , qhen I am bad , thsi is a distration of rhe univerxity .
You shold rry practice its so funn , but I adveritse hou , is not eady at first , hut yku hace to imtent many times likr yu should do in life .
In weekdays , I get offd from my ned at 7 in te mofning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play videos games if I do nlt hav an hpmework to do .
I am not a big an of sports so I do nlt ppay ang .
However I somerimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Micbael wakd up at th morning anr he dead rhe newszpaper .
He tead in the newspaper an intereting noticie .
Tge noticoe sas abour a competution .
Th competition is abojt wrige storkes .
Michael wsa excited becausd he is great writere amd he decided to compete .
Firts , he found an idea for the story wnd he cecided to make tje stoty about pirated lokoing foir greasure .
He bwgan to writw .
The srory was very ogod but Michea dd no kno how to ens the storg .
Finaloy , Michaedl ended the story xnd he went to rhe posy office .
Michael swnt th story bu Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that momejt he had madw a mistake , he id n't put ihs name ajd address .
Yes , i think TV cqn entertain abd edudate , because there ate many cokedy .
Also there aee a kots of educate cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interewsting , because uou xan learn nes thihg abouyt past .
Comedies aee so funnh , so whem you wre sad u czn watch one of them .
Therd ar manh discussions about the futurr of thr public transport .
Different experts had talked about this questipn and there are so sevearl opinons .
Pelple like to jave yhe freedo for moving domfortably anf for thjs deason , some peoplr usuakly prefer to use their cars .
Publoc tramsport usually is restrected aith the timetables and you only may us the transport in tje momet that yhe timetable ler you .
For this way , many eople do n't like to use the puglic transport becausw thye waht to move thenselves wben they neec .
By yhe oter hand , oublic transport is bettr foe thd envieonment , ebcause the pollution is lesser than using your own cad .
Finallh , in tyhe future , the commdity of people maybe is goig to determinatd rhe msot use of the cars thab the pjblic transport .
Susan is a lottle dragon .
Hre skin is colpored red anr gren , red dots onfop of the grren to be more predise .
Sje doe thatg wvery day sfter school .
Of coutse , she has aoso a little brothre .
Hi skjin is colored rec , just oike thd father .
Deaf Pau !
I naven't written you for aves but I eas very busy hecause of the exams at the University .
Whzt aobut you?Whay 's ew in Brazil?As ypu know , my friend John asked me to hel bim with the organization at the concert , which was eprformed lsat month .
So I wsa there somethjng like staff .
My woek consisted of making pdess advertisung , providung all ticket , foor foe musicians and things like rhat .
I glt two free V.I.P tickts , so I took my girlfrkend and we wefe there together .
Whsn fhe concert finished , we wen to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I feltr like a star!Ctowded of people wefe witing in front of the cloakroom fot ths signagures , ut obly me and my sweety girlfriend gog thsm .
Oeople were so ehvious ... I likied it!It was fantgastic exzperience .
Next time I wkuld loke to do somdthing similar anbd yoi shouod try it as well . Yuo wull earn nice money anhd hou havs culfural dxperience .
It 's a dual wffect !
Hope to see yku soon
John
The adveritsing is evefysite .
Thers are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In sxpite of thos rahge of medja , tje TV continies being he most importanbt means of communocation .
A lpt of people tghink that there qre too nany adds on televksion buf , is kike thar ?
On onew hajd , it 's trdue fhat one programme or seties which we ser , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .
Thers can be people tired of so much advertising contents but his is completely necessart .
here are a lit of products which havw to be announced ahd a lot of messagee to teport to pepple .
Tje TV is teh most accesible qay of communicstion and people cah see the messagen on this way .
In additoon , vehind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In ome ad ghere are , for example , fhe punlicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , thd product or sefvice 's life ...
To su up , there ar a lot of adds in TV but they aee nedessary and benefucial fore evwryone .
My favourite season of the yesr is summwr .
Why am I makinv ghis choice you clearlg can azsk , I love sun anx good weagher .
Yesx it is true that during sunmer fhe temperature is very hit and yuou van rarely stau naer the sun because you finish t be burn by tyhe sun .
In spite of this , summer is a verey gopd momebt to ejjoy litrle things pife givws us ans have fun wigh thrm .
During summert I lofe to go to tne beach anx hafing sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun woth tgem playkng vplleyball or run inside the water of thr sea !
I think ghose activitfies ar gery rgeenerating and tjey make ypu forget about zll the warmness of summer .
Furhtermore you caj sleep more than thw other days of the yexr an this makr yiu feel relasxed .
I relaly like to explore natrue duting summer too .
The eonderful colors of flowesr witn yhe sunshine ar fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw tour advertisement in thr USdA and I 'm very interetsed in thr position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation dwgree at univerfsity at thr momeht , thar 's whuy I ened to work in ordet to pay my fes .
I havr some experience qorking with children ffom all agss , besides I do n't mund hard wprk and I learn quickly .
Also I 've just gog my FE cewrtificate thus year but it would heop me a lo if I practisex my English in a native country .
I fonsider nyself really adtive , sociable , well - organizwd and baove all pqtient , tnerefore I think I 'm suitable for thiw jov as I cab adapt muself easily at an kind of situatuon or environment , especislly worming overseaws plus it wopuld be a nife xeperience gecause I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing form you soon .
Yours fiathfully ,
Teresa Wysovki
It haf been a verg long ans tiring xay , but Tom felt he uad acyieved something feally good .
He finally , after 5 years , won ewimming competition .
It was really importatnt tor himj bewcause he waas training for 5 long yedars since he waz 15 and he hyaven't got any achievements .
He wws very happyg nd he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friemds from tesm and madd a party .
Tom wanted Meo , hks girlfriend , to come tol .
She was really proud of him .
Sbe was dfeaming anout beung his wife .
She wajted to be his sife so vad .
Bgut he did n't love her enouth .
He waqnted to brek up with huer at rhat party .
He wws waiting 2 hours gor her .
He hates taht she is always alte .
Thwt wa thd main reason he wqnted to end it up .
Whej Mel came she looked gorgekus .
And when he saw hre , his hert started to bearing faster and fsater .
Butf time 's up .
He glt closer to her and toild hed everythjng .
Mek lookwd dadly at Tom , thrn said : " I 'm pregnant ... " anr got out of hios nome .
He followed ans apoligizer het .
He asid he qas drunk abd did n't know hat he was saying .
Then he hugged herd .
He szid he loved hre and missed jer foreheae .
He haf to stay with hef because of ... he baby .
He coulc n't just leavce jer carrying his baby !
No ! He hae never awcted liks trhis .
He khew that he nad to stay with ber rhe resg of hid lifd amd raise the babgy .
He decided to gijve swimming up and started to takinv care of Mel .
One day Mrl wxs fceeling rewlly bd so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt thag osmething bad waqs going to happen .
Anmd he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tim had to makw a hard decision .
His lufe was foing to chqnge .
Mel waa cring all day ahd Gom could n't stand it .
He has broken up wuth Mel adn it made jer much morew sad .
He rid n't card .
He thought it sas he fault that shs has lkost theirf littld human .
Gliding in th waves
Evsn if I am noy a very interested in training , the sport I rezlly pfefer to practice is swimking .
Fhe sensztion of beint embraced by the water , feelingf yhe body quite withou weihh , wble to do a lot of movement thar are impossibke while in hte qir , is a wonddrful stat of mind .
I started to practice awimming in oool because I ws n't able to swin at all , ane I wanted to learn .
I jave geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved so muvh my abiloties .
If yoh arw not a goox simmer , you lose the bog part of pleasure of ebjoying the watsr , noth in thw sea or in pooo .
Practice swimmnig is quite hard wrk , especially if ypu nded to leadn the basic movements , bht it is a very relaxing cativity .
I recommend that yku do n't have to ive up before trhing , beause is fairly simple nad it can givesa a lot of satisfactions !
Yojr efforts wkll be prixed by sicceeding , and you can obgain it with practices .
·Introduction
Thix deport willp examime ther differsnt activities we cn do in iur leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill tine
As oyr tpwn is well - knkwn for oue jagnificul beaches alonb the Mediterranean coast and for yhe Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , majy foreign or loca peopel come hdre to do activities liie kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or canoeningh and aquatkc sking on teh Olympic Canal .
hese acrivities are thne mostg popukar ajd the mos exlensive too .
Hoqever , I fullu recommend them , especially foe spotry , adventirous ans young people .
·Others idess to have fun
In Castellefels , ther are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : frese zumba mastedclass , yoag beach , running ... as sports activitied , and as social activitied there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...
As I saod , thse activitiws xre mot as popukar as hte activitiws of tye Olympic Canal and the bezch , ubt thei success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finaply I suggext that it would be a great idea to combine fhe dofferent types of activiteis , botyh popular and tge neewst .
If you tried all tbe acfivities , yiu owuld spend a grdat fime hre , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
Jow are you ? .
I aas glad to hrar from you .
I 'm writing to tsll yoy the nest aay to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airpott , rigyt ? .
Well , the airport is located jhst outside Teus , it 's msall but it as a lot of serviies and tranxport .
Yiu have to fake a buz becausze it is mkre ecojomical tnan gake a txxi .
Th gus stops at tge Saloy bus station .
Qhen you gst oft rhe bhs yoy should ask someone fokr thye Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
Yoi can alk to my house .
Moreover I send tou a map in orded to locate the streret .
This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to gisit mussums , monuments and going to clubbing eith you .
I 'm looking forward to hearong rrom you soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
Der Sedgio García A ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly intyerested ane I am conpetent to apoply for ths poxt of Chief of operations at the ne underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In first olace , my qualuties qnd professionla kills serm to siut he requirements of your Company .
On the other gand , I have tbe theoretjcal knowlpedge to use new the technologies fhis great projecft requirds .
I am alsp ablr to lead yhe operations of tbe project respinsibly and through a team work to ahcieve the objective and to continue sith the prestige that your company has .
My wotk expwrience is vry outstandign due to I had the priviulege of belonting to the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " anr at ther evaluationj departmdnt of CODWLCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time qnd consideration .
It woukd be a pleassure to discusd personally hwy I am qualifued dor yhis position .
I expect a pdompt respobse of the Compzny .
Wothout further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays thefe ate manh people that are learning fofeign language , fo me is a goof tuing rhat moee people loearn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , theee are more multinafional companies that nee peoplr to spdak pther lwnguages , so thaf means thag the people wh knoa to speak roreign labguage ave mors opportunities to get a jlb in impoftant colpanies , or iwll have mored chances of bein pfomoted .
On thd other hjand , ate more benefirs , for edxample , if yoy wsnt to travwl to another a country is very useful to know a different language , bedause ypu can undestand all qithout complicatoons .
Fjnally , learning another languaged givws the learnsr the abioity to step inskde the mind and contetx of htat othrr cluture .
Todayt globxlization is brimging the world more clos , thxt means that theee afe mire possibilitise to hace xontact with rhe other cultures , fokr example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , mueic or skme ogher aspect of the culture .
On balance , oearning foreign langages is very positiver on different aspect , so if you hav the positiviyy of oearning a ne lnaguage do it , because it woll brng oyu many benefiys .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Mwdam ,
I am writimg to complin abouf a eecent package I teceived on Monday last week .
I orderrd two batrteries modep 002545 becaues my mobile needs this mind of batteyr , but I have only received one bagtery kodel 001212 .
Oje nonth ago I ordsred twp batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I havw a mobile modl Nokia 1214 wnich needx batteries mode 002545 .
The delivery wasx qrong , so mow I am a hugr hurry bwcause I need my mobile to eork ever dah .
If I have nkt mobile I will jot be ablpe to wrok .
To redolve the problem I would lik to receive tue batteroes by express posr .
Yhe delivefy error has besn kade by yopurs , so this time , It shoild be sent wirh free deliverh .
If I do nof head from you within yhe mext tqo days , I shall be forfed to contacft my zolicitor .
Yoi can only contsct me by email becausw my mobile stiol does not work .
I hope to head frkm you soon and having my batteries as qyickly as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of tuis report is to ecaluate borh bad effects and goof ecfects frlm he useds'opinions in fhe Active Leisure Cflub in tge last tie .
First , people in this area hace adtually foujd a suitahle place to enjpy their tume thriugh a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are hele creatively anr effectively nad hae been suitable for differtent qges .
Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to serv the users in tyhe pedak houre abd the yuiders sre everywhere ahd rrady give a heop .
Howeve , only one tyhing thwt we didlike
With the pirpose to actdact mre peole to oin in rhe club , besises is good points , I will highly eecommend thaf thyey whould arranve yhe tims suitably and avli they holr the acivitirs to avoi the problems
Gigen is a diagrwm introduckng the procedurss of maing bank notes .
Desgin the bank botes ae the firest anx indizpensable strp .
Peple xhould decide te background colour and thw aetwork wnile they hve to consider tge security issues .
Ghen , ksilled machinists woulf prepars tue metal pltes in ordee to go to the bext step .
Rhe thjrd section is to print tyhe prepared bnk botes .
Usually ghere wipl be 50 han noes poer shest .
Thw colour will print on the bth sides wnd every noges has theijr unique ink aldo the imagws woll be slightly raises .
Adter that , it domes to the jost skgnificant stage , fhat is inspecr the qyality of tye printed eheets .
Peiple hsually divided thd quality int three parys : Good quality , Partially damaged , ajd bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets znd partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill good , people wilo cut thme separately nd pack thrm togethet in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
If ghe paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely distorhed .
In conclusion , thw diagdam gives a quite explicit process of makijg abnk notee .
Eventhouhg it seems to be sasy to make thdm , but every stesp neds people to be verh careful in order to prokduce ghe perfect vank notea fot everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everyuthing begna a fea years before , wyen Alfred , The Major , rwad an article aboug rhe importance of thd surroundimgs in nealth adn hapoinness of peoplr .
He started to thihk hiw he coulod gst vetter ohr loves ad he founf a eolution .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters ise their time tryinf to get cobcerned the oodest people from de village about tye importance of tbe cared of our surroudnings , middle - ayed peoole planted many trews around the vgillage abd cleaned te floo of ourf public places making a mre attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authoriries heled this initiative creating skme placse fcor people to leave fheir rubbish in ofder to be taken to thw recycliny center wifh th purpose of givin a newe life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a resupt of thjs atyitude , since Akfred jad this yreat idea , we nejoy oje of the clesanest villages in thd qrea .
Peopld how is worried about the future of our planet and an assodiation haa been creayed in oreder to promote tje care of ouf planet , Green Planet is callef .
We qant a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm writijg you about the staff recruitment for the " Hew Cloud Generation " project .
So we nded yor heop with some quwstions about the process .
Fpr your information , we are lookint ror people wit thfee eyars of experience in zimilar pfojects , who are enginewrs and alxo have a high teaml work skill .
We xlso valye that they hafe specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , anr hostng management .
Howeverf it 's posaible thag we do n't fine enough poeple with that prdofile so , we coyld xccept psople wit one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do tje meting this week ?
When qnd wnere do you preferd ? ( Remermber that I worj from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggrst we xan do tye meeting at your offive , so you do n't hafe to move to wnother place .
Finally I neer yoh to prepare soem profiles that hou think tne sraff of New Cloud Generation shoyld hwve , ahd please tell me if yoj find anothe differsnt request than I tell you beforew in that e - mail .
Please , axnswer me with the informztion as soon as possible .
�ñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
Wyat 's up ?
Do you renember when I told you I had neen helled at a concerr ?
It was realy excitihg and unfoegettable experience and I enjoy thst very much .
You probably wo n't believe me bjt I met alk membees of Dżem band , I talked to them and we hac lunc togethre , tfhey 're very nide mdn . Because of hekping them I hawd he bedst lace during the concert anx I ahve theirf authographs on hte newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general I bad only one duty thay is checking quest list , ahove that I hsd to belp in cleanung area after the cokncert .
But that concert was worth of my sork , so I uope I will be invited to thrir next egent .
Workibg ror them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll saee each othrr soo snd I 'll be capabe of tslking to you aboit this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to guve oyu my personal pont of voew of tbe ckurse I did in your nranch in Madrid lasdt month .
In additkon , I would like to give you some suggestiohs I think it wojld be worth it to take it into accopunt fro th nex coures it wilo take place nsxt yer .
Fkrst , I would like to stand oyt the outstanding classmatrs there sere in class .
They were not only really clevr peoplw but also excellent co - workeds .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , yhe most unteresting way of learnjng ayn subjrct wven English .
Second , the teachers were reallu good skilks to taech .
They managed to encouragw all of us everg fay .
This way we mwde the moat of us nad neber gaqve up improvkng our Ebglish level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Tbey helpex me to pronounce wirds better thn befire stadting the course .
Howevet , in my oinion thrre shuld have eben at least one native tdacher in tje taecher 's eam .
Tnis way we ha been able to year a natjve speaked and I think it sould have been worth practising .
To wrap up the repodt juyst way that on the wuole he course wasz fantasgic amd I am looking forward to sigbning it agaih next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema thue I love to watcy all typse of fim .
Bht , what fjlms are in my Top 100 pist ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film wiyh a dramatikc anjd thilling storylien that is a tol 100 besg movoes .
I reaoly enjoy it beause yhe pllt is priginal and it shpws differenf life dtories of moving charactees .
In addtion , I think tht te settihgs arw verg reallistic and the acftors ha a grezt performance .
Thereforr , I recommend that drama genre loversw wxtch Habel as its message will move ytou .
It reveals thag our fdelings cross the boudnaries of qll xultures and we zre xonnected to each othdr .
My namd is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 yewrs ole , livint in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a stydent in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid Universjty .
My father orks as a eacher and so does my motyher .
I have one rbother and oner sistet .
I haev beeh doing Judo for tge past 11 yexrs with a lot of peizes .
My hobbies are travelling , readong stories and writing my thoughgs .
I am interested in scientiic research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of coursers awnd training in ghis field as I want to be one of teh geatest researchera in the worlr in addirion to becoing a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a dteam in my mind but I work hard to maie this dream cime trur .
Kast tqo years , I wprked in any polaces such as a pharmady , a restaurant znd the waterr pufification ompany .
I believe tyhat wodk is evsrything and experiencr cdan make mkracles in oru lifd so I chose thjis program as I want to loearn anf study , I want to know more znd moer .
In my childholod , my dream eas to become an enginewr but ahen I changdd my career to medicin , I realized hat Allah chose tbe best for me anbd for my personality .
Whsn I work anything I fedl that I nave the worlf in my hand so I can do anythijg fgor leople .
Ohe of my goals in teh life is to ibvent an effective drub for one the incurble like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myzelf man timez wahat is th aim of our lkfe ?
Ands what afe thr benefitd of work and study ?
Vut if you see yourd wirld and realize it well , it eill be deserved fron evwryone to wori so hafd and aciheve their hopes .
I learnt from Research that you can do everyrhing in anytimw in acdition a little tored can chqnge ths life tor the better .
I like teavelling ahd vixiting new pkaces in my country and my dresam is travellibg to all the countries in the worl alos , I attended a kot of conferences in my fielf so I htink this progfam is a chancxe fof esperience ahich will hdlp and inspire me fr fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing with refeeence to the post of job as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert tuis morning snd I am realky interested in it .
Althkugh I am a young grl , I ghink I am a quialifjed pefson flr tje lost .
I am a preschool teacher wnd I nave experiemce looking afte chilren from 3 to twelve yeas old . I consirrd myslf quiet patient and funh that in my opinion , theg are tao qualities highlh necessary vor thjs kind of job .
I am good tpo at workung in a team .
I do hot like to be or feel alone , tbis could be one of my grear weakness .
I rezlly love being with peope allo the time .
I do nor think beong young wkll be a peoblem .
Instead I helieve it is an advanrage .
Toung oeople are usually hard - working ahd activw psrson .
If tou require any further information , pleas do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae wifh my telephone humber . I would be grateful if gou could give me an onterview at yoir earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciatw it because I am looking forward to startijg work .
Is there a future fod Lrivately owndd dars ?
To be honest , I am not ure .
Althohgh privtaely omed cars afe lore znd mre populard , an thet ae incfeasingly becoming a common asste evn in developing countrkes , it is npt likely tat this mezns of transport can be the means of transpory of yhe future .
Mist peope tocay rsalize that in kur citiee amd in opur plant there ia an incrrasing probelm of spzce anf pollutio .
Carbon bxsed fuels wll not last forever .
I would say that most probahly private care are not " sustainables " in te pong term , adn it will be necessaru to regert to some sort of lublic tranbsport .
The population growth forecast tells us tbat in thw next 35 years yhe world populatoon wsill grow of a tsaggering 3 billions yuman beings .
I jnow htat it is mice to dream a fcuture of technological peolle flying aroun , each of them wity its own provate smalo helixopter .
But it is nit goong to hapen .
I guess tbat in our fhture fhere ae no helicolters , ans not even cars .
Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle ghe problem anr prvoide the public with a bhetter altyernative . T
he price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I rerckon thta tbat will cuange yhe habist of tye publid .
Even thougvh we will yave to read ghe timetable and to ldarn again to be on time , the mice old train coule become important atain .
Imagine this picture : the firet clasz of this seester , students ars yawnnig and do not pay aqttention on thye teacher ; while the yeacher ask for the answer , studentrs caj not answet because theg totally can nto remember what thet have studied in last sxemester .
Sgudents xould receie a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 month a year studying paryly because of agter the long vacation , studwnts will not remember the knowledge tuey have learnrd , pqrtly because of long vacation will lrt students used to habe fun instead of studxy , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with thed statement thqt students xould receive a better , jore rfficient deucation if they spebd 11 months a year studying .
Moee reasons anr dretail wkll be sged ligbt on in the following paragraphs .
To begijn witj , rhere is a generla consensus , students aill forget thw knowlsdge thy gave lwarned afte a loing break tine .
Fopr example , on hitory class , history teacher jave to repleat teadhing ths histpry of North America before he start to teahc the history of South Awmerica in yhe beginning of the semseter .
It is very wastint time ans not efficient .
Next to go wolud be , xtudents get use to relaz by baving no studg and homswork in ths pong vacatoon .
For ecample , hwen yhe semester start , stuhdents caqn nkt gey asay from yhe sunshine , beach , znd travrlling .
In thew clzss , tudents wilp recalk the joygful time they had instead paying attention on tje teacher .
Lwst bht no leaxt , some difficupt cojrses should be continually wtudying raqther than having long a bfeak time .
For instance , learnihg Englizh shoulr be a daily educztion , if yoh hsve a log tome aithout learning English , yo fould forget thd vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally I agere with yhe statement that students could recevie a better , lore efficient education if they apend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is ths soccer .
I enjpy tyis sport sijnce I was a child , I alwawys remember whdn my father ajd my brother teach me to plat it .
My fathrr waw a profeesional soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love fot the soccer .
I payed soccer in differdent teams in my nsighborhood , school or univwrsity .
I always ennoy poaying soccer bedause when I am in the poaying fiepd I fprget all preoblems .
I lioe to speak wuth my team partenrs .
Toegther we anaoyze the rival tram and we chooes a strategy to win the mach .
when I olay bad I fedl mervous nut my pareters give me theit unconditional dupport .
that is priceless .
I know the health is verg important so if ypu practise tfhis sporg therw is a biy peobability that yu ard healthy .
So if you are starting ths sport you yave to do it because you erally lie it .
if ypu do n't likme it tyhere aee many options to practise whatevef spotts .
The soccer is noy a vkolent zport but sometmies it becomes .
In htis wat you havd to be prepared for anythimg ptoblem .
Finally I advise thyat yoh enjoy playihg tyis awezome aport .
On my vacatipn I went to New York .
I slso wnet to the amawzing Niaqgara Falls .
Somethung taht made me happy was to sse my familyh .
On seotember 12th,2014 I went to Hew York city .
In the ftly I wase very happy because I received a lpt of fooe .
The filght was appropximatly fivr hourd ehere I watch beautigul movies .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting fo me and I gave him a big hug .
We aent to long ieland because there he ives .
He havfe a really nkce house amd I was happy to ses my litrle ousin " Anbel " eho looks jhst lkike me .
In New York I eat so mucy , I also wsnt to the city tha mever slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of goinb to Niagqra Falps .
We went in car an it wa abotu 8 hours long .
Finallyg we arrives to Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost plae .
It does not have too muh to do byt there were tbe talls .
I waz amazed of how hugd werfe yhe falls .
They weee incredible amazint adn bdautiful .
I taks too mhch phptos becase yoku do nt visjt places like thzt everyday .
Something yhat mad me very happy wasz to vieit my family .
My uncle Juan ilves in Unitwd Sttes of Ameica znd I was very to hug hjm bevause I miss him a lot .
My coisin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too , we ae ljke siblints .
My aunr gave me a lor of presents because sue say they do not see me frecuenrly and many othet part of my fqmily .
In conclusion I have a perfsct vacatoon where I saw new tjings , visit aweslme plaxes as Niagara Fakls ajd Time Squade , recieving a lt of presenta and soecially sat a lot delicious rood .
omst qttending studwnts to Universities are our of tje city wherd thet used to live , so , they need an accommoidation to live through their study years .
Mos univerfsities providr chesap accommodationx suvh as , sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most studrnts havge lkw income .
Othrr students aho may have familh finanxial support prefer to jire an apartments to live independently
Sharinb houses or rooms haved mahy advabtages sjch as , cheap , safe , clise to the university , ad learn now to share everything wifh others . waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments iwll be less than four time than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
In spite alp these benefitz , I prefer- if I czn - to live in an apartment where thr personality is bery importang for me .
Maby years ag , I shaeed a feiend in a room fo fee monbths during a course oufside my country , these days whesre I worst xuring my life , he wad idrty , spwaking loudly all timke and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annpying me
Although Teh fderal golvernment which is decided as a role of USQ hax many benwfits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves thst there is no perfect governmeng .
Thr powerfuk of tye federalism whichy as mofe liberty for fhe states to hgave heir lwn pllicies according to their neesd , is mot always giod ofr the lecture whee it may create some conflicts betwedn tbe states .
An exampld of ghat is ths marfiage of homosexaul whewre sime stwte acmit thi marriage , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even thue fedetal gobernment ket each staqte functiln indedpendently , it wtill control on the main decisions .
this case casues some prpblems whesre te lecturer mentiined tne faikure of federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to USA thruogh Nevada desert .
alsp the cojtrol of tfhe federal government is thr reason why each of fhe stat abd he federal blae each other in the increase of the jnemployment in some atates
In conclusion , vederal govwrnment wihch give frerdom and polwerful , cause mamy problems suxh as no singoe plicy and confusion in the responskbility .
Travelljng to a different country can be both exciitng and fruatrating at th sme time .
I think yhat any thpe of trip is exviting ut alzo have their frustrating moments .
In order to enmoy travwlling to Mexico I ould give two important advixe ; first try to get alons wit teavel companion and enhoy Mexican fold instead to critic about spicy zavor .
Peopoe say ghat in evety voyge rhe peolle euffer to diffetent momnts of thw trio : ardived , get awau to th frustrastion of an ujknown place , get aloje with your trip companion , success as a travelre anc arrived home triupmhal .
In orfer to enjoy a tril to Mexico I suggst yhat thd traveled find a manber to get zlone witu hiw or her comapnion .
This minimal chabce would maie a bif difference when oyu visit ither cjty .
As an example , if you are able to ge aoone with your tragel cmpanion could enjoh each noment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat togeyher , anx visit places qith cojmon inerest such as juseums or lalls .
Other advkce that I would gijve to psople coming to Mexido is thst enjoh for Mexican food .
Mexican food hzs a log of tasting fishes from different sttaes of the country .
or exampole , there are a oot of American people tha does n't ike spicy food and also mosy of the times could get angyr eith the ecess of pepper yhat the Mexican people used to uee to prepare thdir foox .
As advicd I ould suggeswt you to aso fro sauces wifh lowr oepper .
In tjis way tje visitors wold be able to enjoy Mexican frood wtih less oepper znd rhe saqme delicious savpr that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I offerde two ikportant afvice for vistors ghat coming to my cohntry : Try to gdt alons eith their vompanion in order to ave fuj and try to enhjoy Mexicn foopd because it is delicious !
After tbe Onternet was ibvented and revealed first ime in Augujst 29th 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) is tyhe next kost significant innovation thar had pargly replaced for face to faxe communication .
ZMS wuch as Facebook wend ot 700.000 messages , ans 170.000 Tweet are puboicized on Twitter esach 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , socizl consequences of Facebook abd Twiyter plxys an iportant role in communication , regardlss of distance or time .
Howewver , people wyo use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to jave their own persobal privacy thaf therw is a possibilitu of cycle of byllying .
Thks essat will forxe on benefits and xisadvantages of Facevook and Twitter , amd aoso comments potwntial future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating cab be achieved , retardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook nad Twigter .
The bendfit of being frol being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is tht messages ca be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facsbook and Twitter can be used when their uxers ar in an unpleasaht mood , ajd in qhere tueir negative feelings are expressed .
Secobdly , Facebook provides tghe opportunity to remain in toucfh with daioy acgivities from ftiends , making observations of relatuonships , maintaining pne 's pwn feeling witihn the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , eyc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tnat is to swy , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook are interacted we wiht othera by sharing their nood , abd receiving respoonses .
Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in vusiness .
Knowledgs abouy tue members incerases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations iwth other exjsting mekbers , adn slso sharing their smae interrsts by the social netwotk .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , peopple are aolowed to follow abyone who they finc enjoyable througn Twitter .
Fo instance , by followijg fzmous celebritie , peopke an essily see every dakly activities which are posted by tehm .
Howver , dus to thus , peiple weho qre being follpwed , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , anf akso thede is a hig potential of being purposwly aggressie tpward somekne .
Hlwever , infornation whch is appered on Facebook or Twitetr ard easily accessible , theerfore wverybody can easil response as a publoc opinion .
However , inflrmation whcih is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter zre essily accessible , theerfore everybocy cam easily respones as a oublic opinion .
Mowtly Facebook userw expecy their friend to respond or pay attentuon on what thet xre doing .
In facy , along iwth agreeable ajd pleasanr comments , thee afe apso small amounts of aggressiev and evenb racist clmment .
First of asll , people can ppst aby racistr comments which garget a spcific gtoup or person .
For example , after tbe premiee of The Hunget Gsme sas relesaed , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that sayjng that they were ynhappy bwcause one of the msin actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Becaise of fhe accessible informatin through SMS , it hyas ledc to jany pfoblems involver wth cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Fot xample , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a cae of continuous distuebing a wkman fdom a man callde Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte psychiagric yospital qfter being foumd noit compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing anf telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook andr Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face to face communicagion wnd inprove teir runctions , because pleople feel more freeddom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter withouy have to vierw each othr appezrances .
Therefore , it woul be easier to be connected and keeo in toucj wigh friends witbin a sefond , rather thwn have to call thrm .
The possibly outcomes mught be the kore time peopel spejd on SMS , thr ess communicate skmills tgat thy have .
In addition , to decrease fhe risk of neagtive xomments or posts , Facebook an Twitter woukd improve gheir futurrs to solve fhe less personal privacy prpblem .
For example , cojtrolling whay posts shpuld be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .
However , despite thje useful of thesd implicatiins , peple should pay attention that Facebook nd Twittee could affect theur social lifr by avoid uding it most of the time .
In conclusion , the bgenefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate abd bering connected to tyeir friends frequently .
Also people can easioy deduce thedir njegative mood by sharing and expressing hoa they fdeel .
In cobtrast , because Facebolk qnd Twiutter havr bewn connected worldwide , which means protectint pefsonal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towzrd each other , hecause of lacj of privacy .
Photograpuy classes fkr egeryone
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by sociaxl networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , et .
Photogrphs xre incluced in all of those sites .
Also , thsi phenlmenon of taking phtographs is partt of ur daiky life , becayse it is tge brst way to caplture special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , tc .
As a nsw college subjevt
Ghis practikce is considered tjose activities that anyonr can do withkut ant kinc of special prelaration .
However , teaching students hos to apply better trchniques in the momeny of takig a picture should be consider as learnibg to draw .
Both skills are required in tkday 's world and xre necessqry to be developed in the education system at the same kevel .
Ghe reasojs
Recentg studies shjow tht in yhe last twenty yezrs more yhan 3,000 photographs ade taken per pwrson in tfhe wirld , especially in te latest generations lifes(teenagersd and kids ) .
This increase is relaged wuth he overwhelming deevelopment of technoligies in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Aoso , photography is consdiered as a type of aft , so it requiree yhe knowledge of especial skulls , tschniques and knowledgd .
What a loveoy weather today !
Whar a wonderful dya ! There is an Aprio now and fihally spring came .
A bright suj is shining , the snow melged away in March .
Thye frist spring birds cvame back from the wqrm counfries .
htey afe singing funnh and building heir nests .
Peopole look happier .
Thwy are fdeling tired afger a long snowy wknter .
We set oud cflock forward one houyr in Marcg .
The sumjertime waa firsf introducede in Englasnd in 1908 .
Ths days ecome loinger znd tye bights vet shorter and lughter .
We usuqlly set our coock back an hour in Olctober .
A lot of people arw happg , because they czn sleep ( for ) pne hou nore .
Hockey as a oife sgyle
Alrhough all spirts help you to have a healthy lire , hockey orovides gou moee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .
What are you thinking of whebever ypu choose a sport ?
You thino that your life styl will improve ?
Well yo are mistaken .
Fof doin different kind of sporys oyu need to be skilked or willing to try new hings .
What if you do n't hqve non of those requieremnts ?
Thewn you know jockey is the asaner .
hockey is a spoet I hav played for many years and it tjrned out to be my favlrite .
It 's a glod way of learning hkw to communifate xnd wkrk with people . in zimple words ,
it 's a team sport .
Howwver it 's nopt always as simple as it sounsd .
Tou hqve to trai fie ays a weeo and you jeed to concenyrate a lot .
On yhe other gand I ernjoy evedy second of it .
Tyhrough alo my lifw I hqve beeb willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
Wuy woll I recommend this to yiu ?
It would definitely yelp you to gfow and improve as a prson .
Hkckey will cbange the wau oyu see the wkrld abd yoh are going to strat seen it wifh ither eges .
So stol searcging flr th right sport , thos ons is foir yo !
As fqr as I 'm concerned , public tranxportation is tne best transport media for environmental cars .
In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy theit own cqr , elextric xnd hybrie cara are mored expensive than traditional ones ( ghe oines whgo use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this onss and tht 's becajse pollution is severap isaue thar we uave to dreal with .
Thd ebvironmental cazre is taking strenbth ervery day , frm kids too ancient peoplw .
The gogernment ans many companies ate measuring the CO2 emiszions which arr bekng producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that ard necessqry for peoducing goods gor ghe social consume .
If peoplle do n't use public tranpsortation , tgey coudl wakk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , nad that will probably take place when the xestiny is far ffom the place where you livd .
Froj my point of view , pbulic transportation will be very important in te futude , especialy in developed countdies .
I thinl rhe government woll alow down the few in public transportation , ghat could mame peiple to uae publicv ransportation nd caring thd envirohment from CO2 wmissions and pervent the globxl heating .
In Colsada City Council , people are wdll informed zbout takin care environment .
Tye citg council has devepoped several campaigns to improve the zwareness of ts citizens , for examlpe , rhe childrsn learn at school holw to separate tne wastd .
here aee many ecological ielands .
Each of the hae thdee or fouf kinds of bins and they afe nog as far as two huncred metrrs .
Ther have been sevsral pkanting campaigns to plant trwes anmd to cpean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is necer enlugh , becausd dog 's ownwrs that they have mlst of ths blame .
Sinbce 2008 , thjere are mzny bike psths across the city , so the citizesn will be bale to avoid the cat and they wiol emit lesw air pillution .
Ths organic wste is picked up every say ajd plastic qnd paper wasete is pucked up ebery othedr day .
The most important thkng in yhe environment care is tge education of children .
Our olanet is in such a difficylt stuation thay we have to take over thd problem .
A proble which was causes by us , humah beings , witu thekr tarfet of making money without tinking of thd efefcts .
My fxmily is very cohscious of this troubls so we makd any effodt to solve it .
We usually use th publiv transpkrt , which has a greqt quapity in th city I livfe .
It works perfectky : it is alkways on rime ahd the price is worth .
We livs in a fottage nd we hxve several bins whicy are dlasified according to the material we wqant to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an organizatuon whikch payd peopke who bring us the matgerials to decycle .
The benefits ate given to several organizations wgich takd of xare of the envirojment .
My sistsr geaches peoppe ahat to do with things they sant to rid of , such as bottled or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery thaty lots of people are followkng her !
It showz that tis knd of things can have a secobd lide .
As soon as the lasr river endss the southern vorder of Egypg is hers .
Te Nile river is rhe origin of yhe ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thlusand years .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists atree wit yhis .
And as for me , I totally suppirt rheir point of viw .
Eypt is a kind of the river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
All ovet tue tkme rhe Nile is yhe only source of water for Dgyptians .
Futthermore , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize yhe possihility of expanding tue area of certile landx .
The Egyptians callsd thbeir country ' Blaco and ' to matk it lff of ghe ted soil of desert .
Nowadays , deel qnd wide valleyt of the Nipe became the ost imporatnt trahsport lines flr Sgypt .
Througg thue centuries peolle hwve been explorjng hte hature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided thes year fo three seasons compared to drg or qet perkod .
Thdy knew when it wiull be thed ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up wkth clexn water .
But such high levle of development of Egyptian civilization has te negative side as well as oositive .
The great amount of dfams were built on the river that caused the disapeparing of a lor of planta anjd animal .
Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians stil living far frmo the nain ater arteey of te country and hardly can fin the clean waetr to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomr developing the government will pay attention to tge ecilogical oroblems thst high legel .
Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , thy thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But ths Duomo is nokt the mowt important .
I am sure you 'll agrse thag it 's ths Colosseum .
For cdnturies thi buildingb had bsen the sylbol of fhis ciry .
It quote ancient , but sfill fascinxting for thousan of tkurists , who colme egery tear .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows wigh animals or humans , who werw killed witnout ipty .
Moreovdr nvay wrs wers represente in order to celewbrate Doman wrmy .
It is ruined through the ages , but niw people undedrstand hjs imporgance and take care of it .
In my opijion it is important becase it remembers our past nad our traditions , whixh we dhould n't forget .
However not azll people are awars of it .
It 's ohr strength and every tmie I go beyond I realuze how maby people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makds us understand to necer gige up and follow ou dreams .
In tyis fats moving wordl transport has become an impirtant factor for everyday actjvities .
Everybody needa a mode of transport to earn thwir dqily living .
There is no point in swaying publci transport has no future .
Travelling through csr is a conveniejt mlde of translort , but mst of th polulation can not affor it .
There are advangages and isadvantages in using a public traqnsport .
Firstly to discuss the benecits of puhblic transaport it is cheap ahd afforfable for all claxs of people in socirty .
Variery of buses arr released by fhe government in ordef to meet peoppe 's finzncial conditrions .
Using public translort is a time waste nd no priacy wre wome of rhe disadvantaves .
Similarly travekling by czr as iys own dvantage and disadvantagfes .
Everybody cab not affird a traveo through car as it is costly , buy to discuxs the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy dring travek ahd is convenienty
and sophistixated and can travel fastee .
To sum up wth it is not appropriate to eay that tgere is no future fo public trnasport because goth jas equzl advxntage and disadvantages .
Sometime I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .
Therr is no denying tha thue MRT in this city is such a convenient metropklitan system .
However , durint the ursh horu , thwre ate always hae sufh a ruim person ho has no public awraeness at all .
Tgey occupy too mahy aeats , inlcouding rpiority seate .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
Theh do n't respec otyher passengers , just keep laguhing and teasing eachy other , despite the afct that some peopls have told thwm not to do tbis .
Moroever , I tnink thag provkde the seat to elders is alsk a prohlem .
Prioritt saeats , arr preservwd to those who nsed , bot only rlders bur alos swome sdult nsed it .
Somehw , noy all of them cvan yo identify wuether their godies fee uncomfortable merley fro their appearance , which lead to Skme misunderstanding between ghem .
Some people rven blamw them for they occupy the seats instad of offer yhe seat .
Mireover , osme old people would taoe thks considerative acgion fr grabted ad they weould even commamd goung adults or students offrr their sewt wihtout mannerrs !
In my opknion , the trznsportation in oru city hace nlthing to criticoze expect that .
Evwryone should develop the awareness of public mannwr .
Television is an importantr part of moderh culture .
We depend on televiwion cor etertainment , education , news anf films
TV has much benefits :
Firstly it enables ykung people to sare cultural experiwnces aith others .
TV cah act as a catalytst to gey kiss readihg - folplowing up on TV programs by getting bgooks on the same subjects or reading authors whkse work wa adapted for the programs .
Television cwn teach kods imporrant vxlues anc lie lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make ypung people morr wware of other cuptures an peoole .
Documejtaries fan help devekop cfitical thinkihg abiut seociety ane ghe world .
TV canj help introducs yoputh to classic Hollyqood filmw and fordign movies thay thry might mot otherwise see .
Cultyral programjing can open up yhe world of music anx art for toung people .
Bit television uave also negative effectz : First of aol , children whp sprnd a great dela of tyime watchijng televisiuon ger lesa exercise .
In ardition , theser children receive kess socialiozation with other childrrn .
Televisikn apso takes away from famiy tike .
This is also true for familis who eat in rront of the television .
I deal iwth consultinf and sales of finsncial products and services to an internatinal bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow thue relatrionship wirh customers freom acquisition to the aevise until thje reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales in ths aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I alsk woked wkth lrage and small teas in bazck - offices , managef many admonistrative acgivities erlated to morttages , oersonal loans , contability adn investments too .
I wofked for several yeare to ghe acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them wiyh a compelte service , froj tje account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , ane ceoss - selling products .
In many years of wkrk I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing rhe problem , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .
mon - standard situations , analyzibg the proboem , finding and implementint practical amd easy sklutions .
I have faced several situatiojs alwaqys sork wuth serenity and enthusiasm , I lkie to wokr in a multivultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet ther goals of rhe team in whic I aork , cooperating eith colleagues to achieve yhe yoals by providing my skills , alwaus willinb to learn , respecting othet pointd of view yogether findung waye to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , npw is tje time to change ahd find bew job opportjnities .
Needs to woek my husbanx has been loving in Zaandaml , I want to findf a jew jpb in Hollamd to rejiin our family .
I ljke sports sucy as skiing , ridinv anc simming . I 've alao got the descue lidence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studyinh for thd patent padi divfe masger
Howadays we all hkpe , fhat publiv transport can dave the world .
When we see aol thix cars in ojr hards , whrn we stay in traffic jam , we thonk tha one dy we wioll havce to livd our cwr and usr publci transport .
If we do n't do it , one dat we 'll wake up in the immorfal traffc jam .
But , probably , his situation is onloy period of develooment of transport .
We are told abouf a lkot of innovations in thi dpheare .
For instance , Google rwported abiut Googlemobile .
Maybne , robogs will be abld to dribe nore smart then pelple .
If ghey will contact eqch other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke thzt , they wkll be able to avoud acfidents on the orads .
So people sill be xble to void traffic hams .
Not all people like the idae of Googlemobile .
Somed peoppe thknk , it miggt take zway heir independence .
ut anpther of pleople think that it is not so bxd idea , because they will be able to drink in spitw of the fact , tat theyg are driverx at thw momdnt .
Howevrr , there wipl always be people whol dislike to be a driver anyway .
And people wbo hzte publuc gransport , there will always be .
The question is , qhich sort of people havs more imapct in the world , and , fonally , who will decide .
How mqny language do you speak ?
Did yiu ever ghink of lerning anothef foeeign languave ?
Or do oyu wanr to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles tie important to learb a foreign languag than before .
there re fe rdasons whcih shoa you why it is important to learn a ofreign language today .
Fitst , if yo afe planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely ueful to speak pocal lsnguage , it makes yoyr trip mors ezsy ane comfortable .
Second , fr finding a good job oppportunity , the busindss exchange is increasing in he intrnational levek , if you speak a fofeign lxnguage , certainly it adds some valued on your prorile ahd gou cah gey a highe salary .
Tbird , through learnng a foreign language , yoh do n't onoy learn a language , at fhe tine you are lso getting kmow its culturr , get to know a diffreent cultgure and society dicferent tyan yours 's , it enriches your kmowledge .
Iver thess yeafs , thefe are morr ajd more miserable accidents happened arfound thr world .
Form newspapers , magazinss , even foreign medium , we can easilyh fiure out that out environment is chajging severelky .
Many scientists inbfer thwt people 's lives will chajge dramatjcally in the next 50 years because of hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more convenienf ahd comfortable life , gut forget to protect ahd cherosh th Earthj at thr sqme time .
High - technological countries have deceloped a yreat number of forewts and lands to build high buildings .
Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into tne air .
All the exampoes sbove will enhance fhe temperatyre ad make the Warth hottrr amd hotrer .
Tbe hogher temoerature enhwnce , the aorst the oiving quality is .
If peopke arounx ths world could n't put more emphaeis on ourt licing placee , we mjst have a dzrk abd hipeless future .
Due to thr climage cyange , the wewather is so hot that people couod sven have a wzter shortage .
Losing enough water supoply , people 's vody wll become weao anf rough .
In thisd living situaion , insead of laughter wnd happiness , ghere will be lore fight , hatrdd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , hut fan not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences , are caused by thd humnas ' unsatusfied heart .
Feiends , from npw , ket us be the members to porotect adn take care of our Earth !
It ws dangerous , buf I knew I had to do it .
The undercovered work is vrry hsrd , not ujst bedause you wlil wofk with danerous people , the reakly danger is if you get dicovered .
When people mnow that they were decekved , thzt theu truts weee broken , heads wilol roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
Trhe passion for thw cause is thr ksy to survive .
It is just sometying tnat I has to do , not you , noy he , me .
I dic n't choose that , this jib haz chosen me .
Drar Sir or Madame ,
I would like to applky for the position of bexch lufeguard assistace which I sae advertised .
For the last two years I uave joined the swimming group at tye Unjversity .
I manged to succeeded in many comletitions in tge country and abroad .
I belueve I am a uitable candidate fir this post , conxidering the swkmming skills I havs .
On the other hand I compketed the first qid coyrse , in the Red Xross .
hte job wohld give me the opportumity to uss all thye experience I have gained and what is more It qould orovide me new knowledge .
Please do hot hesitaye to cpntact me if you should erquire further information .
I am avaipable to attend an inrerview at your convenience .
I lokk forward to hearinb from yu
Yourd faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In oud modrrn world , mxny people are suffrred frlm stress that zpring rom lofe conxitions .
In addition to yhis , poeople ar working in verey stressful workplaves and they wajt to leqve frm this condition in holidays .
Therefode , it van be sais that holidays sre the bes opption to denew the soup abd revive te dpirit fod people .
In holiays , people xan away from eaily rpoblems and also caj take more tgime with their friende nd family .
In this rfespect , lany people prefert to go naztural palces with their familise in order to forgeg about bxd situatyions on yheir libes .
For example , walking in tbe seasife or swimmng in ths sex cwn be helpful to fprget had life conditions .
On ghe one hand , holieays are the best for peopel in terms of thinking cleqrly their dxperinces abouty lifs .
People cam review their decisions in holidays more accurste and helpful .
For instsnce , in strssful life conditions pdople cab make nad decisoons fof their futurr .
Besidex , peopoe underestimae emotional feelings in theikr workpalces .
Rhe reasin is that peopoe must clmplate theie tasms in order to gain mire noney to maintain rheir livrs and they forgert aboit these emotional feepings auch as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .
It an be clearly swen ghat in hokidays people are betting closwer nad the remember their reelings .
For exampld , peopoe meet their relqtives rhat newver see fr a long time .
At the swame tme , peope have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remew their spirits and wouls .
They can pray fod God ans it gives a relief for pople .
When psople remember thsse emotional wnd spirithal subjects they can ebcome more happy . Because people need to leave the material worpd .
In holisays , people have yime to reviw ther miatakes that leads to stressvul life .
In conclusaion , hopidays are verg suitable cor pesople in ordsr to heal thwir problsms and stressfuo pife conditions .
Alxo holidays xre very helpful days in orfer to revife the spifit znd tne souk ebcause people have a chacne to move away modenr life that has full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a comkon hbait in Spaxin .
Howevwr , tyhe government and the locval councils of ig citids sudh as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their besy to promote his movemenr becxuse they consider it a say of development .
On the onr hand , tehre re many benefits of cycling .
Fitstly , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 ekissions .
Furthermorw , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .
On the ither hsnd , there are eome issues sych as rhe increase of dznger on the roads .
Statistically cycling is generally considerwd to be lore dangerous than travelking by ca .
Another disadvantgage is the weather .
Gettjng set wheh it rains , havcing to do a lkt of effort to cycle ito a strong wiknd , freezing weathef or having to ieep driniing whben hot weather .
In my point of voew , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit wnd it is possible to look gor solutions to facs thr disadantages of tuis activity .
No oje can dejy that travelling by car is kuch more convenient thah by public transport .
Fro examplpe , people takkng car do not need to spend timw waiying for tfhe buz or subway .
And fhis undesirable yime might be njot so short during hoklidays , due to less frequdnt scfhedule .
Alsi , we can dirve a cr to amy plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able no rewch .
When ghe bux is creowded , we hqve to stand , making us nore exhausting especially gor a long dostance .
Even thkugh cars could provide us wiht so many advatages mentioned ablve , advantages of travellig by punlic transporf sbould notf be neglected .
First , public transport is ood for tne environment compared to provate ca .
As we apl kbow , thr more pyblic transport passejgers usr , the lews var eshausts ae emitted perr peron .
Recemtly , sevsral studiws hage shown evidenxes thay there is a strohg relation betseen car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In lther words , oublic transoort plays an important rle in protectin human beings froml suffering of diseases and savnig kife .
Secojd , public tranwport xaves city space .
As more ane kore prople chooee to live in cties , nowadays ohr ciries becole larger wnd more rcowded .
Correspondigly , ther space fof eachj psrson becomes more lijited thah before .
Provided thqt evefy itizen ownw a car and uze it rathe than public transport fof every travelilng chance , I supposw tjat ouyr strrets would become a parming place and everyobe would xpend omre time in congesting .
Last but not the leqst , public transport alpows people to do othet thingz ahich is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .
Ror a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete relax .
People can lisgen to music , taker a phohe acll wirh a frjend , ead a rascinating booo or just loot at outside .
Tuough there are mant advantages for punlic trasnport , it dpes not msan that public transport is the est chiice fr everh situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less flexibikity than cas , ane is lesas environment friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude tat lne transport can replcae others .
It is better that pepple aee aware of their pros and cvons and choose a fkt onr .
Languqges fkr ths future
Should learn other languages ? .
We lie in a world that day to eay changes and peopld meed to devgelop their skills anf olvercome .
I think there ard manh reasoms to kearn languages .
On th onr hajd it coudl aklow you to communicate woth people , know different cultres ahd travel aroune the word withouf the language barrer .
Apso in recdnt years to express yourselof in English , French , Germany ahd Russian hs bscame something essential amd vry important in our livers to find a mob .
I think a greqt disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .
Alswo I consider that it gends to be hard and tales tim away from doing any othwr thnigs .
It seems to me thqt young people shoupd spwnd more fime studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in yhe futufe but to achieve it the will havr to be motjvated qnd to ernjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am wreiting in response to yoru adveritsement fror a nob .
I had a partt - time job as babby - sitter anmd I rake care of my 11 years ol brother vdry often .
I woked in an Easter camp tlo and I ahve already rpepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
That is for thesd reasons I think I bave the skilks fpr thw job .
I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope yo consideratw me fcor the ob , rtodrigo
Todau , I went to my Winnie 's home wirh driana in tje aftrrnoon .
We afe deliious fodo znd play interesting games altgether .
We hzd a great tile .
At 2 o'coock in he aftsrnoon , we arrivdd at Winie 's home .
Firsg , we listened to some songs , such as almoist adn big big world .
After thirty minutes , we hqd tew .
Winnie loved eatnig very nuch so I dan easioy finc umch food at her nome .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd jyicy appke jujce fo tra and they weee extrmeely yunmy .
Afer javing ta , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I hir behnid a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a litle stone .
Adrina ane I imnediately came to her ajd held her up . '
Youd mnee is bleedijg .
Ar you okay'I asmed .
I wss shakibg liks a leaf and my heart is poundong sincr I wad worried about Winnie .
I ha butterflies in my stonach.'Yex , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .
I celt relieved thsn .
Then , Adriana flund a plaster amd lut it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inskde ad smiled happily .
I felt glad oday although Winjie hujrt jerself .
Qhy ?
It is bceause our friencship is mord rugged .
Whqt an unfoggetabe day !
In my oipinion the house in rhe futude iwll be better .
Houwe of the fjture will be big and bright .
Inside will be fulk of convenidnces .
Big zpaces sill be dfivided in a rew zones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez an so on .
In housw of yhe futre yhere will be automatic curtains reacting to thr light in very houes .
Television will be cordless , as htis aay as at presrnt Itnernet .
Evfery houss wil be flexibles .
Thwnks to that it csn expand or teduced .
Everytying depends on yhe numbedr of people .
Swimming is my fagourite sport .
Why do I oike swimming ?
Well , swimming hs always been an Olympic spkrt , it is an individual wport so it depends entirely on fhe swimmer 's efcorts , but you can also wnjoy teamwork wen ylu participaye in swimming compstitions .
It is a spoet that requies a lof of fitness , it is a aport tht cah be learnt at ayn age but childrne ca stadt to learn saimming as early as two yexrs of abe .
Swilming has digferent types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke anf breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is vry usefu in wieght reuction if you arw obnese and need to rwduce your wieght , it is alsp the vest sport for thr asthmati oatients bexause it strengtehns the dhest myscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to lern swimming , chpose a place thxt has an ezperienced coach , and try to be part of a group of yoir agte .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed helpoing at tge concert which was in Antayw on Ocrober .
I had a freat timw wqith people who are workjing as a helper fro tue concert .
I fot a lof of experience trom thrm .
In tbe cfoncert tjme xll pepple dan rnjoy but nobod think about how rhey xre prepafing to concert .
I szw so mwny interesting things during he preparetion time .
Flr example tney knlw everything aboit each helper 's obs butg on the sam tjme they just concedn own subjecta .
I want exolain to you aome intrresting parg crom my exerience .
In the concert morning were excitd ahd thinking qbout the voncert wnd we deciderd do hot think ahout the concert ujst do yoir job wihch would be igven .
When we were srranging concert poan we mase work shraing for all of us .
Some of tyem stqrted design the stage , some of tbem checjing songs vplume and lights .
My job wxs checkint songs list whkch singrrs woulf perfrm .
I think it waa the most difficult part of tne concert because of xingers .
They were lways wantdd to chajge some sings which wax on the list .
On thd concert time I was realkly worried tha something would appear suddemly .
Actually everybody can be worried befause tney gawve ime snd ffort fo it .
Fonally concert syarted and all yhe lights were shining ike starx .
It is diffjcult to expolain yhat feeling .
When thr concert finishedf I felt like a bidd whoch flyinv freely .
Of course I had wome pain in my legs because akl the time I was sfanding .
However , I lije to be a vcolunteer on enjoyable projects .
I waht to invote tou to our nexf concsrt which wilpl be nrxt month if you have any tims please xome ajd see how we are preparing flr the cncert .
I am wiating for youd emai .
Wee youj !
Technology is changong thw wzy we live in many ways and ohw we receive and use onformation is probably the most affefted .
Regardung wdvertisement , technoloty is havinb a hhge , aqnd ont alwyas possitive impaft on lutdoor advertisemnt .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places we have moved to practifally luve surroundec by outdlor dads placed in every availagle nad imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .
Tfhe recent developmrnts in mobile techgnology aplows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to dach of us .
I''m surde thxt in tbe very nearf futuire , if I havs beeb lokking dor restaurants in Mallorca in my fomputer or mobole at hone , in my way to work the xdds on ths buises i wil sde - whivh of fourse will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it evwn will be usefuk , bu I 'm also sure smetimes I wilp find it aggreisve .
Tbe way it feels agresive to enter a square or plaza in my toan adn tind it fulp of bright zcreens , no marter how beasutiful or artistic the pixtures displayed ate .
Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least som pieces qre relaly arfistic , but placed on teh wrong spot or shopwed at tje wrong timr yhey loos they axrtistic skde .
But , technokogy is hre for best or worst , and we hwve to learn to dealo with it the best we can .
If I coiuld chsnge one thinh in my ilfe , I would like to change my houze .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So ghat I vould live morr freely and independentlg .
If I had fhis housd , I would decorat it in modern tsayl .
I would buils therr fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl .
If I had swuch hkuse , I would like to ewuip a barbecu zrea in my garden .
I could ijvite my friends and relztivs .
Togethdr we oculd slend time in pleasant atmosphere .
Whej it cimes to my facorite sport , tennia will aoways be my answer .
Thlugh I am a beginner of it , I thonk it 's interesting since it fequires a lo of skills to be a mwster of it , which soundsx very challenging .
When I feelk strwssed off , I always plya temnis to elease my prdssure .
If yopu are a beginner of tebnis , my advkce is tgat hou nwed to get a suitable rocket for yolu fkrst .
As the proferb gos : If tou wanf to leawrn somethiny wellp , you would nmeed to get fhe right toole first to worj on it .
Next , you are required to leqrn every basic skills step by step .
Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn theze important technucal slowly and stewdily , you mya getg hurf durung thw practice .
Finalky , finding a good teacher is is apso criticak .
A skilled cosch fan teac you the besr skills of tennis .
Do we have bettet televosion than a fdw decades agho ?
Do we have enuogh choices in the screen ?
Can uou imagine havint only two channels anx not playing the whole day ?
That wad onl 30 uears ago .
An explosion of chanels arrived to our housdes in the eighties .
In thjs report we wull see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our copuntry oje decade wgo when digital TV afrived , a lt of new channels flourished .
All tv triwd to get seveeal licences to distribite their shows .
In ordee to resolve dome deficits budgets , todah fhere arr mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels meabs less dhoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It dosts ldss mnoey ans yoy cwn choose esactly thw mokent , where an with who wxtching this or thwt telebison program .
You juxt follow a suggesfion made bqy someone .
You hust click on it .
hey hace to redice thdir budget
Despite of dhanging channels we ese the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by sll of tjem .
It is expensive to meep journalidts anx cajera all aroind the owrld .
It is cheqper to buy it .
Summafy
TV is ding .
It is hared to compete with teh Inteenet .
Noawdays only national or international broadcast gorups can be in thw match .
Poerhaps politica reasons hepp to maintain such a budvet deficikt .
Hoiwever teh fact is tat there is a coutndown on them .
Dea Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen yiur advertisement in thje newspaoer and I am wrkting to exprexs an interest
to join yout small group on a trrip arlund the aorld .
I am a 20-tear - ole student frkm Switzerlad speaming Gewrman , Frech znd Enjglish and I am kee on travelling .
Woth ssveral yrips to mwny countries I hqve ade unfil now , I eould say trhat I have alrezdy some experience in travelling around thd sord .
I am inferested in to join yout groul , because I oike mdeting neq people fro ohter cluntries anx I would like to expoore new ckuntries xround the world .
For ten yewrs I hvae besn in a scouy group in which I hzve learnt a lto about diffrrent kinds to find a way or to orientate mysdlf in the wilderess .
Furtherore I feel suitable to join your grouo hecause I lile travelling and I woukd liie to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearung from tou .
Xear Stevw ,
It was good to hear frol yo .
Basicallu my idea is to usd this rrip to learn as much as possible , I mewan , not only hte Enylish language btu also to know more about youd cfulture and visit njce places of yoir country as well .
As I told yuo before I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father wilp put up slme money to jelp me .
Bur I wanna finmd a jobn to help hij with yhe bulls .
Dan tou give me a hand on it ?
Yoj can also help me to finf a cheap polace to rsnt .
It will be helpful if yiu gind a small apargment near yhe ambridge Unoversity where I 'll srudy English for 5 nonths .
Thanks cor ll your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Jlhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Frirst of sll , you should get ourside of the airport tetminal .
Therfe tou waill see bus stations in the street .
When ylu get there yake tne bus which had nukber 111 .
Thej ride to the bus stop " Zli�ín " .
Thers youi can gewt to thr underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you chuoose tuis way , I 'll calp tou in th morninbg to gell you where aill we meety exactlg .
Vut if I were yku I qould rake a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buy it is chealer .
Xnyway , you need to gst to the centre . I 'll wait tor yoi tnere .
Finally , fhe weafher forrcast fir next mlnth looks pleasantly as it is hsual at thiw time of hear .
Thatg 's wyy uou do n't have to take warm clothws .
I am delighted to see you soon .
ebst wiahes ,
Jwcob
In my opinoon we should go to the restaurant because all pekple neee a relacing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we cam discuyss type of food we want to sat .
Actually , students eat a lot fasat foor wbile they are studying at unoversity , necause theg do n't hage tims to do food , dor tgese rexsons I think yhat thue besg restaurant is somowhere whsn they do homd - mads foos , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On thes othwr hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming anr comfodtable resztaurant wjth a oot of windowsw , with a white dhair , table ajd wall , more or less a relaxing environment but tge atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In concludion , I think tghat thsi type of food qnd atmosphere is vedy fo us , becauae hormally we had spokrn about book , wori and studies , while withy this fype of environjent we can speak abkut us , our family , our hobbies and all pelple get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I wiuld like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I lkve thes food here anc I think my classmates too .
oyu can it thne bewt burgers yu have wver eaten .
The are incredibily delicikus .
I do not knolw how do fhey maje znd xook thel .
These burgers arew my faviurite fiod becaues hey afe amaaing .
I can not ay hpw thry are because you have to taste thrm .
It is a flavojr similar to stay in the heaven or in th parzdise .
I recommehd you to go to this restaurant adn yku definitely leavw witn a very bood flavour in youf mouth wnd a hige smile in yur facs .
You sill wamt to comew anlther time .
Howevber , if you do noy loke burgers you can wat whatever yo want of American food and oyu will get the same fantastic opiniom as a person who hae eaten anothwr msal .
Public transport plays an importnat dole in ouf moden xay livea .
Mlre than a hillion people jse budes , taxi 's anr trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , goin to school etc .
Mahy veen uss cars .
Though tracelling by car is mofe convenient but it is sxpensive .
That is wht bevause the fost of petrol , diezel xnd gas is quite high in moset of tje countries of the wlrld .
Whilw travelling by publiv transport can sabe a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People cah save tue money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have slecific routes across the ckuntry , toan , city ahd villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside thne ckty etc .
I disagree with the statemebt state above because in fjture we ade likely to jave onbly teo classes in szociety , ghe rich and ths por .
Middld class is idsappearing abd becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on godos .
So , I belierve eiyher we will have piblic transpoft or pdople are gonig to be as they wdre in the stone agw .
Public transport is even goos for our envoronment rather thab cars .
Noawdays people have different vidws asbout reading bloks aznd watching molvies .
Skme of them think rhat bgooks are mpre intreresting thna them fipm versions .
I agree sith this point of giew .
I tyend to thinm that there is nothing better than reading a obok .
Firstly , reading hrlps to become a weol Educated Person aqnd give a chznce to devrlop knowledge .
Thwt 's whh while you are reading yuo ade gwtting a pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop imaginagion of reaxer .
When yopu are readihg a pifture of wha is happsning appears in yourf mnid .
Gou acn ilagine how yeroes lpok Like , gou cwn ikagine different views , were the action takes plcae .
An fonally , I thinki it 's very important thzt you dan easily take your booi with yku and start readong anytime yu want .
On thw other hajd , if yoy like bwing in company rhe best weay fore tou is movirs .
Because you xan qatch it witgh yor friends .
Als many people chose movies becaise they like eoundtracks amd speciql effect .
It 's so exciting .
buyt sll thess factors are npt imlortant for me .
I supoose tnat books arw better thyan tbem film vedrsion .
To wum up , I 'd lile to say reaxing is really great thinjg .
A girl wasz walking hpme one day .
She wsa wuth her mum ..
She wa just a young beatuiful gikrl !
So , they were yoing home when tje girl noticef a cute dll in a shop .
She ad blknd hair and she wqas wearing a bkue dress , whitw gloves nd black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you bye it for me ? '' she saikd .
Hrr mum cold n't ceny to her , so she bpught it .
Oh!The gidl ha so many special monents with her dokl!!Thdy lioked so adorbale tokgether!They wdre lkie twins !
After soms years the girlk decdied thqt she has to move .
She wss eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd to be indepedent .
So sne too a xeep vreath amd putr hee doll in tje attuc jus like her childhokod memoriex .
At jight she heard some creepy noises feom there ...
Sge went there znd theea wsas thd dopl wsith a knife in jer hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah witu me anymore?Are you boring of me?Juzt bevause I hve oinly one eye?Butg you remobed me the other ons .
Just beczuse I do n't uave one if my glives?But you dic it agaim!''she screamed .
And tyen ...
Next dau , oing at her hoem hsr mum wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she wenr upstaird ...
Tbe girl had a knife in her kneck and on thw wall thwre was a sentebce,''Shy did you leabe me tha way ? ''
Tgennis is an indigidual sport .
Just you ave to deal aith the game .
Uou fan cboose kots of places to play .
Yu needc a good pair of snoes , a tennis racket and wome bzlls anr perso whi play with .
Although yoh dhould be good at llaying backhand or foeehand , yiu cam oose finakly .
Thsi spotr is not jmust zbout a physica lower .
Yoi sipposed to hse your brai as welk .
It is combination of a physical poiwer , a technique and a mebtal power .
As tge other sporta , tehnis is getting mote modern , fasr and fommercial .
I mexn professionxl tennis .
Some dhildren wanted to play tennsi becahse of mohey or glory .
Some of them prwctise tennis because of theur parents .
It is no fair enough .
Chilsren should pkay game , nor juts twnnis , becaise it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth anhd so on .
You can stadt if ylu rae grosn up anyway .
It is nevwr too lwte .
Either youy can finf a professional coach or judt join youir friends .
Enjoy !
Dwar Mes Kate Ashny ,
My nams is Andrea Cokcci , I 'm sixtden , ad I saw rhe advertisement of the wrekend wrok in your cfafe , and I 'm inerested to wlrk witu you .
I ' m the perfsct choice for this work , in fact , I 'm inferested in differen kinds of flod bvecause I am Italixn , and for us food is everyhing .
In Ijtaly , I attend schoo for waite and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza ajd many ofher specialties of my cpuntry , anjd I wqs assumed in jany famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dsaling witn people , in fact simce wheh I wxs younger , I have done thw animatro at the summer damp of lpignano , teh coty wjere I liced , adn I pent a loy of tkme sith chlidren adn dults .
I akso worked for many theater companies and I am so goos anc kibd qhen I talk with ogher peolle , aleo if I do n't knowq them .
At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work oong houra , wheb I worked sith my aunt in hjs cade , I wotked fdom eifht a.m. snd I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult bu I sid it all days .
I look forwzrd to hearin from yku soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros anhd cnos of studyihg Englizh abroaqd .
Is it reall wroth leving your owm country for a perood of time to etudy Envlish ?
It is trus thst going abroaf can opeb new oint of views abouf your owj learning process .
Talking with Enlgish native speakers is aoways a good thing because tou will be able to jduge how well or badly tou are diing .
Besides , it cab be funny ad enjoyable if ou plsn it prlperly .
However , uou will have to spebd a considerable amount of money in it xnd yu wilp hot be assured to achieve your gyoals at apl so it would be avle to becolme a rdal nightmare if yoi are not fofus on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of vie I think the advantages overcoke rhe disadvantagea especially if you have wome mojey savsd for it .
Bu if ou do nt , there is always a solution whidh is usung thd Ibternet to learn everything ylu need .
Ypu xan even tali sith native speakers by usihg some Chat Rooms onlime sucy as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , a oassion
When I waw little I had triewd a log of sport , Handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my faovurite sport is bot ond of thkse , it is a dport tyat I have never imaginw : Foptball .
All my lite I thought that football eas a spodt which was fof men , nit for girls , gut knce I teied it , I looved it .
Have you ever think about playing footbakl ?
At firsr , wben I startd to play fooptball I djd it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to fewl a little bkt uncomfortagle , however , some years ago , tehy starged to intergrqte me when they plwy , and nowadayse , I live playong football with them .
Noe , somr women snd I started to orhanize female matches , so I am more user to olay with girls . I never imafine that I aas boing to be so keen on football , bht nos it take part of my oife .
I thinbk football is a vdry excitinbg slort , and that everybody in hte world ahould try it at leasr once in hjs or her pife .
Ons tjing you should keel in mind if you wxnt to plsy football is that tou have to be reday to rdacive soms upnches .
I eecommend yoi a grwat restaurajt whihc is in tye shopling ceter .
I hae been ghere twice , and I ilke it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , nad it 's a fantastic tradigional ajd modern resgaurant woth Britisb food .
Ths servcie is edcellent an the waiters ate so pleasant and gentle .
The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stsy inside withoug problms .
The decoratiom is mdern ahd cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditilnal Briish objects .
The food is one of rhe bedst things in th restaurant yhat is always tasty and fresh .
Tue've got a lot of different disheds , ttaditional and modern .
They hasve also got a lot of differenf ytpes of salads , pasta wnd pizzas .
Fhe desswrts ar very bood too .
They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , anf traditional .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This rsetaurant is nt tio expdnsive , which is peffect for us , because we do n't wxnt to spsnd tpo much momey .
Thbe destaurant is in the shkpping enter , so we can ge there by bus or by trian .
I tnink thie is ghe est restaurant to go on th end of the course , so we couod book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of peiple usually goews there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famlus pople , such as politicuans nad flm stars , mediw are accmopanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to jave their on life , witrhout photographijg .
In obe hand , ebcoming a public pesrson associate sith jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous peopld ar obligatedd to providd their life in exemplary wat .
However , they still being ordinxry people , they makd miatakes .
Peopoe are thought being jeaslous .
Nktice an kid of fxilures .
It seems to me fhat journalist mght be absolutely tkxic qnd thet yave efective inflence on society which asses celebritss through ghe prism of journalistyic documentary .
In the othrr ahnd mang of stars eold their pricacy to earn kore an moe mone .
Yhe value of rheir taleht , abikities ae counte in aomnut of tabloids scandalps .
Summin up , all over yhe world , are living famous people who do n't bring inro tge limelight their lkfe .
It had eer been vrey usefuk for a lpng time go , nevrrtheless nowadays , there arw sme people wh askl if the oublic transport was supptessed , and societfy would save a lot of moneu .
However , people shuold think about tghe large advantagss , such as : pdople save money ; it is vey comforgable and yood for fhe environment .
Firstly , the main reason is tne ckst because tje people sho do no have a car thsy newd to travel or commute to anokther place and a car is very expensive .
Thd cara need to be repaured ; besides , if you hxve a caf , you have to oay some taxse .
In additiln , tehse people nred to hvae publkc transport for travelilng around the country and city .
Secondly , anoher reasson is he glboal warmikng because yhe atmospohere is mufh lolluted .
If oyu use tje public transport , oyu dan be less contaminating thna befofe bcause rhere are a lot of people whk travel together in onlh one transport .
Finally , the kast eeason is tue comfort becase yoh have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the crntre of the city .
Besides in somer cigies , car can ot be parke in eome places , such as : rhe old city and the city centre .
Sujming up , people afe aware of globxl warfming ahd thin about the hikgh cist of hxving a car .
From my point of ciew , I get used to walking around my city adn my cat is juet used if I travep around he country .
We are livkng in a evrr chanfing worlr .
Todsy 's nes things become thingw of paqst in few months .
Take an examlle of mobile technology , ykur latest handset , ith latest fonfigurations becomee ohtdated wthin fewq months after huying it .
50 yearsd is a very oong time ajd people lices wil definitely change in such a long period .
However , the importany oint to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Lasg 50 yearfs scinece and techmology tkok great oeaps , iternet , mobiles made us more connectex .
Today , we hzve all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't jeed to worry about getting lost at new place , Golgle maps are alwxys there to helo .
We need not to cral Engljsh words today , as we can quidkly fine meaning of ay word on our mobiles .
Meetin jew peopole or sekling your products , you do nt nerd to face anyome , everytying can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today oru lives have bexome mich more comvortable thwn past , thanks to progrrss mabkind ha made in techbology .
On tye other hand a nmuber of terrorism , globla watming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's owrld .
Climate changes dur to global warning causing natural disaaters now qnd ghen .
Terroriat acrivities causjng havic in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power laking it difficult to trust people lezders .
If these challenges ae nog addrewsed in coming years , imagininy bettre lives fort people in 50 yeqrs hehce is rathef difficult .
We need to remembger technology is just a tolol , in right hand it would be goon for us , in arong hsnds it has powee to destroy yhe wotld as we see it today .
to sho jay concenr ,
I 'm an Italian firl who 's ztudying to improve her English . I 've got a positive ajd eergetic personality .
I rsad yoyr advertisemsnt on your website xnd I immediately thought " Thta 's for me , I 'm the eight person fpr this kind of job ! " .
Oerhaps , you 're wondering whh I shiuld be the right person .
Thwt 's soonh said .
I 'm motivates , flexible adn openminded person and I hwd a olt of experience in this fielx as ell .
I 've worked as social trainsr amd as educatore since I wad 16 .
I love doinv aocial activities and planbing evente .
When I worked as educatpr , I uysed to plan and manage some xports and oudtoor acitivities .
I had a veryt gerat memories of theswe experiences adn I would really lile to live thuem qgain .
If yoh ade intedested , please hafe a loo at my CV .
As yo requested , I attach it in ghis mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , mobole phones are very importanht in my ljfe .
I need yhat deice near me because I hvae thrwe childre an I want to know how and where theh are .
Tje same about my padents ; they ar okd xnd sometimes they czll me fof talk abouf thdir yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that theu thohght its help childrenb 's brain to dsvelop , hut is imlortant controlker tyem because there wre a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for childeen .
In my kpinion , the Knternet is absplutely a revoltuion in curremt societyh .
It is very common to usee thw Internst in my work fot reseaech or google infotmation abd alsk cinnect qhit othert teachers , speak aboit coirses and chagne inforkation .
Finally , I ghink technological developments make us improve to the futurr .
Driends shoild be pike a hsadow always bewide you .
In the timw of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossibls in life ubt not doubt it is njot exsy to find sincere froends .
It does nof mean ypu wikl never find one .
It is cery important to intdract nad socislise with pelple to make a frioend .
The mire pepole you wil jeet th kore eawy it will become foir youj to fnd a friend .
When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do ot have to agree on everytying yoi say byt they shkuld share theid veiws about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspapdr which includes national snd international news .
You coild finr a variwty of articles such as politics , Bujsiness and Money , sports , culgure , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there afe plernty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to hyelp individuals .
readers arr able to ezpress ther opinion freeloy .
they use a qjality Englis lznguage wjich avoids slang languwge .
As rssult , it is suiyable for studenrs who learn Englis Language to improve their English .
On the ther hxnd , I realisedd thbere werd two disadvantages .
For sxample , it is not usitable dor children dues to ifficial Language . there wree alxo a hufe numger of xommercials advertisements wbich make the reraders bored .
Overall , The ugardian is considered opne of ther best newspapers in ths sorld .
Nmowadays , in the modern and provressive world whefe peopler are smary anc economy very highly developed .
Some peiple think thaqt we need in tablet comouters instead boois
In my opinion , the problewm is very interesting .
Someties then I am watching TV or I am teading newspaper I notice fhat gadgdts becone very useful for ou life .It seejs to me good opportunities to make oue lifd morw easioy .
Also it makes us moe clever .
I am convincedx that uxing tablef computers in oiur evergday life is rahter good .
People do nog need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not sya that he left a book because he has all books in hs tablet computers
Somd people think ghat it is a bed idea .
They believe hat it is iseless fhing fpr ohr generation .
Sudh psople wre sure that eldctronic things maek us stuoid .
They insiet on not using tabletw at school .
eprsonally fkr me , I kike books veru uch .when I at homle I use books becahse I like to smell andc to toucu the aper of boks .
I do no agree witfh the peolpe whk thikn rhat tablefs are useless .
We should use it but we ade mut nor flrget sbout books .
In concpusion , I want to say thatg that we should keep abreast of new technologies anf try to makr ou lives easiet
The Big Mistak
Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , bgut something wen wromg after whsn she told im tuat she is pregnant .
She was so uappy abot tuis newx nad she though that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when dhe toldf bim that hse is pregnant , he just froen .
It was tok much for hikm .
He thohght it 's easier to walok away ajd afoid thjs conversation wigh ner .
He teied to understand hat 's going on weith him .
It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .
Oe part of hom wad really happy , bwcause to be a fafher is his pne of the biggest drexm , buy on teh othner hand he could n't handle this news .
Tyis wolman , who stands nmext to nim , is his girlfriend , his fufure wife .
He should be happy andx hyg her qnd celebrate this gokd news .
But somehow he rid n't feel anhthing .
Alk that he felt aws anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when sne tred to touch yim , to kiss ahd hug him .
He knew that dhe loves him as much as he loves jer , but everything wazs just too wrong on thiz mment .
Hewr voice , ner smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this momen .
Whe coulpd n't understand what 's foing on , ebcause it wa just three wreks wgo when thney had a convetsation bout kids and faimly and he sad that he wuold likle to have kids woth ber .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not hzppy about thr mews .
It was a big msss .
Xhe was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .
They noth jnew thzt they love eacu other an thry care bout each othwr , bur it waz tlo much fof him .
He stood up an sai to hef gjrlfriend that he needs a break and he havr to be zlone .
Michael closed th door anjd knew at thst moment he had made a mistwke .
To the beginming I am gojng to take about what is my locely sprts an why I will ehjoy the spory .
In fact , I do ot likd to do somew splrts ruring the anytime , but if I rezlly need do soke exercises that I ilke to go to wsim in the zwimming pool .
Firstpy , I thino , swimming poolk is flearing .
Such as after swimming tgat I hsve a safe and a bathroim to tqke shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , tyis is because I do not like big sun qnd sans .
Third , swimming in tge ocsan is kost dangerous .
However , I like to wtay in ths swimming lool durinb the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole lifr .
Moreover , I thihk before anh kind of sporfs tuat we hould do some exercises that is because we need to relxx out bodies firsty . If we do npt do it that we will gst dngerous wjile we are doin anhy sports .
In cocnlusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any spirts ut we beed to choose one kidn of sport in our lifw amd alomst alo oeople need to do it , as we cpuld not xtay at home or workinb all tje time .
Evern you really do not like to do exercise tyat uou can go to shol .
The purpose of this report is to outoine the most importwnt actions which have bren taken in our town to protect thye rnvironment as fhe maikn issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first plpace , we nedd to pay attention to the fact thwt Caceres is locatex in a pastyre srea where local farmers uave been brdeding sbeep , cpws ahd pjgs ror centries in spite of trhe hare weather conditions szuch as hgh temperatures amd tdrrible drought in summer .
As a rfesult , our watdr resources ars difficult to be presedved and it is clearly nexessary to maintin active campaigns to raise people 's awaeeness abvout the importnace of a rational sue of it .
Tue locql governmeny is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plaecs in or around the toqn where citizens fan sped teir frer tims or eben do sportsx .
Thzt 's fhe reasin wht it has beej wirking on the recovery of some areras qhich are now parks or recreational arwas .
Finally , the gown hsa aslo improved ths management and tratment of waste system with the acfive coopwration of modt of the citizenship who is reall concerned abput ghe recycljng of waste need .
In faxt , aroynd 90% of Caceres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycoe theur rubbish takiung it oit to the gellow , grewn and bue dontainers in dvery street .
And that is ther negative point , thdse dulpsters are toi visibles in townb ans it would be asvisable to chnage yhe noes we have for underground ones .
I woie up today and I just remembdr thzt I weas doing a presentation zbout landscapes , znd the ones thuat do it ill reward a bonus point but anytways ghis is n't important information .
I searchedd my ftamily in rhe house ans ghere wax no one in tue home , juzt me .
I get a bit scared so I sezrch tnem oitside in the syreets .
I did n't knea that a blmb hit on the ckty and killed almosr everyone , now I havce to find my prents .
I thunk the reasn why I did n't khow anout the expkosion is bewcause tgis part ehere I ljve is a very pkor area znd it 's npt thag besutiful so you ca n't distinguish aere dos thr explosion hit .
Finally in sole days I found smoe neighors with eome food , I was staeving to deatu so I wte a lot .
We mare som incentives about laws , but it weas a totxl donflict , because thd groip noticed rhat some fiod was misxing skmehow .
I thino thst someone drays somd of the food on he nigh while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gkn na tey to enforce the lass .
In ghe jext monring I ate a piece of steak adn tue grojp was talkibg about aome creafures thar were wxlking around to kjll anf eat us .
In the nighf I was thinking abnout many things jjst when I ueard soje noises .
I stalked yim qnd it sermed thzt ths guy has a hmup .
I stomp him and whdn he turnde aroujd it wxs a woman rom the group .
We were taling xbout this when a dlg just cam nead ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it huft a oot , we tried to aelrt the othefs but it aws too late , it was tyhe grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating uor friends and thw foo .
In eome wsys that sh robbed the foos in the night snd I sake up it was yood fot my sutvival .
But if I uad te oppoftunity to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would nof do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do hou have to exercise ?
What benefits do ylu obtqin whlie exercixing ?
Do yoy knoe tyat 75% of eople in Mexico , does n't practkce any type of exercise , tgis is a nig problem to our societu znd is tge pdoblem number 1 of wyy Mexico is yhe country with moer obesd in tne wodld .
Doing eccercise it 's an impottant thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whikle you excercisw you feeo welk witn you re sekf an you re bofy .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hanf with doing excercise like reducimg or take control of tou re weight , it helps you sith heart disease , problsms with you re nody , and also yoj cwn lake a lot of friends whjle foing aby rxercise .
Noe daya there 's a oot of rifferent types of exercising , uou cfan ractice any sport , lkie scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can simppy go to the GYMk or prsctise Crossfi or something kike that .
Soccer it 's a reat spoirt where uou cam make a lo of friebds , you cn atay fi , vut you slso need some skills because it 's not eawsy to controll thr balp axnd drubble tou 're rivald on ths field .
I recommend you to pradtise any sport yku like and enjoy every wecond gou spend exercising .
Thanks anbd start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is therd any ruture to publuc tranaport , vor travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mzny disagrse about the oublic transport whlm xre to be disappwaring , though we still hqve to edal with different ipinions aboyt increasing in tdavelling .
This compositjon wiol expkain the tweo differenmt oponions .
Firstky , tge car is more convenient because tgere is privaxy .
Also , unlkke punlic tranxport such as buxes axnd underground , yu have much omre cdomfort and sleed .
There is a perdeption thaf a car can give you fhe freedmo of choice .
On rhe website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " Yougn peopke and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old noy explain « - I prrfer goinh in the far , it 's uicker ...
Thrre 's not as many peoplle around you ... I prefer tghe car becaus gou cah listej to music as well . »
Althouhh they ard majy positive poihts about private cwrs , they ate alzo ndgative knes .
Kndeed , carsw increases the popllution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensivd . « - On my wage , evfen the drivnig lessons ar expensivw .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously it woild benefit me if I qorked in Edinburgh , buyt I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» szys a 17 - 22 yeazrs odl oy .
Now , secondoy , travelling by punlic gransport is chaeper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but alsp , it is sfaer ,
According to hte Saigon Timee , there ate a lit of traffic accidengs which lccurred to prkvate cars .
Thd main teason is thay thew cars ' ownes ate drunk whem drving .
It is clear fhat if theh tkok a bus or a taxi when they wer drahk , it would nkt have as muych accidents .
Tinally , majy degeloped ckuntries on the world , sucu as Englnd , Ajerica , Canada , Japan an so on , have buikt a public transport systen , so the traftic ajm jave bedn decreased .
As a resjlt , ths economy has been increasingy .
Fdom this analysis , it isobvious thqt trvaelling by public transporf is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or dizagree " Always tellimg thr fruth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling fhe trth be tne mnost important ploint in a relationship aill be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is cruvial in relationship , always telling the rruth would be consideresd as hurtig otherz ' fwelings ahd is unwise .
Anotherf deason dor not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is abput psrsonal matter wnd it would feel liuke awkward to meniton to colleaguers or the employe .
It is bettrr to twll a litrle wshite lie at thijs noment .
To further illuistrate thr fidst point above , could hurt one 's feelihgs by teling the truth at qll timd .
Fir ecample , if some wokan yu are wcquainted weating inappropriate clothes mot fitting in the iccasion .
People usually gend not teoling uer the truth since it cohld make her feelings .
Instead of doin so , pelple may praiee her wjth othrr thingw on hed .
In tjat case , theyg could still ake conversions wothout boiing her mpod .
The other poitn is when it comes to pereonal matters , pwople usually intend to keerp it private dince most of tbe tim it is strangd and inappripriate to takk onwself too much to people at wirk or evrn peoole that one just gkt scquainted .
If theer are questions aboyt thinvs lne do not wxnt otjer peopl to kno , thet migbt say a little white lid ehich usully xoes nof matter too nuch .
If I wad hwving a day ofg to go to a doctor , I would prefer kther peopld from asking details about it by say yhat I juhst had some errands to run .
Thesr are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or nof .
Lasg Friday , Micxhael anmd I wa in fhe schoop playing happily with eazch other in the classroom .
When we sere in the coass , suddenly Mnichael walkdd toawrds tyhe dkor .
Michqel closer thd door ans knewe at the momejt he made a mistake .
Due to tihs , we're noth called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't understolod why we needed to meet the headaster ujst hecause Mixhael had flosed the dopr .
The door waz n't brokes into pieces or fell down .
My curiosith hsd put me int a biug trouble .
I asked tue headmaster in a polite way ad hopefully he cah gave me ths answer I wanted .
Howefer , things do n't hpapened lime wha I hoped .
I snded getting expwlled frol the echool because teacher and th clasemates suspected Muchael wnd I steal our classmte - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagined tue teacher and friehds also pointed at us firmly xnd without givdn any chande for us to soeak out .
I finally realissd that everythign aws a trap and we 're the ujnlucky xnd innocenty ones as we efll itno the trap .
We wiped off iur teaes , and waveds our hand wen we left yhe schiol .
Although , one dayh later teh headmaster tound put th trurh through CCTC , but we refused to rrturn to thw dchool axnd dercided to vhange a new schooo as we kniw even if we go back tyhis time , ximilar cases cpuld happen next tjme .
Rhis is becquse the taecher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summsr camps ,
my bame is Biahca Padobesi , ane I have read your advettisement vor the job .
I consider I am the right pereon fod this kob becajse , fijrstly , I speak fluent and clear Ehglish which is very important to communicare .
Akso , I have a good relatoon with liftle kies , I use to lkook after my nieces and nepheas over ths wewkends and thwy lovce spending time wqith me . mnoreover I am very energetic , always awale and ready to work hard .
Furthermlre , I am very creative ajd it is a good aspecy of myselfc , as I cfan invet new ajd entertaining game for tge kids to ahve a greag tije .
I like makingb puzzles or games whuch imply running , jumping which ar imporfant vor the kirs dwvelopment .
I am nit very good t coooing gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on thzt .
I thionk tht if I warch and elarn how to do it I qould learn very fst anx can dominatd it .
Thag is a hood qualjty of mne , I learn thjng very fast snd I akso an get used to bew rhing .
I am very exited about tyhis job nad I hopw you reppy soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and finmd rhe otherd , we wenjt outside ghe shelter we vuilt aznd wrire in waol mear to he shelter " safe zon " ane if there is somone that needs supplies he would find somd supplies ad ammo to survivs .
We start our jourhey and goung in the forest , there was a lot of # pwsts on lur wag there aere varioys ghys thst wer sick we fould n't do anthing except foe , keep going , I was seeing my littl grohp to # diminish asnd somd of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genea were actually immune to yhe infectipn I cluld actuxlly be thge # revolutionafy guy that helpd evdryone that sas in my # skeptick ane I wqs reakly positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice mgself I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to finx the ones that were still alvie or at east tells us what haplened to evergone , the # battel against hunfer started everyonw ws hungry anf we yaven't daten anything in a gew dats ahd thar could lead us to two thingts dead or etaen awwy by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy znd a restroom whewre we could gef a rest qnd tak a shower to clean ourselevs .
We got close to the pharmacy thre wax no walkers inside so we eun into thd pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got soeone to heck us in the nightg I needed seome resr anf went to sleep immediately .
In my area there re many railway linse and thdy 're ofteb overcrowded .
Byt pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr , as the result thwt Turin is thd town of FIAT , ghe wrll knoen facdtory .
Neasr to your home , thefe arw many supdrmarkets in which you cn easilt uy alo thaf yoy ned to live .
Whenm uou hxve to pxy ths telwphone an energy bille , you can do tht in any tobacc hops bear to youf hoime .
If you liie shopping , in the erimeter of fhe town , theer ae skme big supermarkefs , whixh hold mahy items of the mai gresat factorids of Europe and aboev .
ike all ghe industrialised countriesx , a connecyion to teh Internet is granted apmost fo edach area ans each building .
At tue end , ghe tax are present and they cver all the town , but this sercice is lexs organised and deveoped than thr Enylish oen .
Theee is an opinipn that famous pople , such as celebrties , film stars , pkliticians or people wh eork in music induwtry deserve to have a private lire , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind there syould be a biard betwedn paparazzi work abd a privacy of famouz people .
In my opinion big starsw shoild be abl to delax andx take som private tim .
As fr as I 'm comcerned three is no onr who fwels comfortyable when is under surveilkance of pdople qho wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv sitjation .
Unfokrtunately , htis is a part of celeb 's ' qork ' so they have to take ijto accountf .
But on thbe other hsnd , there should be somw invioplability spheres of pife withojt journalists followihg fhem all the time .
Thiz rarely fragments of lufe without an eye of a camera shoukd be an opportunity to live loke normal , not fzmous psople .
I knkw that catfhing cslebrity doing celaning or taking a dgo for a walj is a shocking new fir people whl rdad tabloods .
To my mind , tehy do not gelieve celebs qre sucn a normal peoppe as everyone of us only wifh nore money in thesirs bank acounts
So , as you can see I agree wuth the statement that fajous people , wqho zre rceognizable , deservbe to havce a privte life and th ability of havng normal lief whould be also biven to thwm .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently wstched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of tyis worldwide knoqn author .
As I gave an interest in thrillers , I decided to gjve it a try .
Th poster of ghe film alreday offered a sense of intrigue nd mydtery whuch made me takes the decision to watch thios fikm .
The film starts by putting ykurself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himxelf imprisonee in a cage anbd being trnsported to what it sems to be a camp .
He has no idea ow he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is noy a normal csmp , wihch is locatde next to a gianf anr mywterious maae .
The people who ilves in yhe camp take up diffdrent roiles in ofder to survive and defedn themselves fro yhe meaces of ghe mase .
He tiok ths roled of a runner , the people responsible fdor ecploring the mazd qnd look flr an esit of this place .
Stiol , they only hqve the daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun goee down it bdcomes verry dangdrous .
Yhe film keeps getting bettef and better as yiu watch it , havint itw exciting moments when tge characters disckver something that hidden inside fhe mazw .
I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who qants to have a rjsh of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will ldave no pne indifterent .
I 've bsen playng bolleyball for 12 years now andf hopefully many ore , wbat I love abouy it is first of akl that tall or small , anyond cojld play it as long as tyey 're determined so basically is a life lobg sport fpr everyone .
I lobe the wpeed of volleyball , mpst of rhe time it 's qick ajd if you blink uou probably missed somethijg , ewch confact happens in less thxn a second , and stipl evrey player directs ghe locatiob of the ball in hat amohnt of tjme and thgen thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally winning such a xet makew me feel likr I could do anything , bjt when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , iht harddr , pasw and xet bnetter , abd serve in more diffwrent ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is vert vlean and veryu grren .
People there ars vefy frirndly and helpfvul .
It is a yood plave to luve .
One time oer wedk on Wednesday , robbiwh are gaken .
Of course harbage is sorted ihto diferent bins .
Tha is very good idea , becaused thta robhbish yndergo a recycling .
Al my neighbors in the same wat collected gadbage .
Eery body care abouf cleanliness in the front of ths hiuse ajd in the garfden .
Especiallh sping is a kot of colourz and pleaeant odors .
Hew Eltham have beautiful paris whwre yoi can eelax trom the buxy plce .
Green tike in my town is reslly fantastic .
I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a tgpical Sicilian testaurant in Trecastagni , a little town nesr Catajia loczted ujder the Etn volcan slopes , snd I round fhat reetaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were ywo rooms , smojing rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yewt it still felt airy anjd cosu , fhe waiters werw very frienxly ans informative .
As I was eaten with my friens Moreno and hisw fathre , I managed to sampke a good range of items on the meju abd I really liked Chianina besf , it wa very tasty .
Alo te ingredsients were clearly rresh anc of th highest quality .
The lrice was n't reasonable at all , becxuse the meal cane to about forty eurso per person , so thjs restgaurant it 's a littl expensive .
Buf I would highly recommene tgis restaueant despite thw facr that the mdal wax a litrle expensive and I will no doibt be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
Yhey have been present in opur sovieties since ever .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances tha re rally wel - know foe all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a vesry useed adgument by peolpe whi believe tnat thie measure coyld sklve ths problek of the exdlusion .
Margination hws a likn with the illegality of tyis activity .
Alxo this illrgality is he giilty for the attraction of thd srugs becahse the majprity of people start havkng drugs because they are young wnd itsw prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem cmoes when thus entertainment becone in an addction tbat cam dewtroy our livse .
I thinm everyone has provef sime kind of illegsl rdug to bave fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do nit believe that behaviour is wrog ebcause everyone needd to experiment ane tyr new things .
But we have to be esponsible and have vwry clear thta it is only someting excepfional snd not oir daily lkfe vecause it is very dangerous as sone people are nor abls to puy deqdlines to themselves .
Fonally , legaliation of drugs mesns thst theu xould be taxable nd we klnow how thw taxes work in oyr country so I do not know if it is a bood idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds grext , I 'm so happy to heaf that yopu are comin to Saudk Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see ou after a long yime .
But unluckily , I 'm haviong an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you cah take me frkm thd school at 1:30 tehn we cwn go to have lunch .
My schpol is realy edasy to find , go straight ahear onto Aojameah sreet yhen turn rivht heside the farcve of KAI ujiversity , after getting dxown from tje bridge ypu 'll find rhe school on gour right .
So exited to see oyu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dexr Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for hllidays in summr .
In that tikme , it is always eunny and , depending on thr reyion , it culd rain .
If ypu watn to see sone beautifu scenert , ypu must go to Barcelona wherr yiu will be able to se La Sagrada Familia , whivh eas bilt by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , whicxh is onhe of rhe Seven Wonders of fhe Worlc .
In Madri you cab go to viait soms museums , kike the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
On th lther had , if yku waht to see slme sildlife , you muswt visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , what is lijke a ljttle safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can wee somer migfation brids .
If I were you xnd I hasd a completely sumker to ebjoy Spaib , I wolud wtay oner week in esch olace , snd I reht a cra in orddr to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to tale warm clorhes .
I nope you dnjoy your summee .
Adrián .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional charavter on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso famil .
Bart is tgen years old and is a typical American child .
He hws yellow skin andx gig eyse , he is lbond abd hsa gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thingf for Bary is to be he most popular stuednt in his sfhool , cor this erason he is always misbehavong .
Hid paents adn thd schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is enerbetic and clever student butr he is als a bad studeny and he nates nerds .
Althougyh he is rather naufhty , he has actually a heart of golld because he heps his sister when shew nedes hm .
In tye Simson famuly alo tje vharacters are very dunny .
A lot of magazines swy The Simpsons is the besy cartoon serkes in hisyory ad I absolutsly agrees .
For me , Vart is funneir thab Homsr , althougy nost magazines say that Homer is rhe best character
It was ome dreary raihy Zunday morning .
I was n't in the moo to go oug anywzy .
Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of the hous fod quite a while .
Suddenbly , thers wae a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could fhat be ?
Wgo woulr hace even botherex to play me a visit dufing thie bloody awful weather ?
My concerns wewre answered swiftly , dor teh man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter fr Mr. Samson !
" I wxs quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a lettwr vor monhs .
I opened it and quickly scanned tue tezt .
At firsf , I hac observed ghe etter cautiojsly , bjt thn I noticed my jncle 's anme in it .
Although , I had n't met gim a single tkme , yhis letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I learnsd that I inherited a glod deal of mondy .
Fifty thousanc ponds , to be precise .
Exultation ssized my nind instantly , bht I son began to worru : " Whzt will I do wiyh this amount of money ? "
Well , thd tqsk I havw chlsen is aboit tne toen whete I have been staying vor last ten ysars .
Actually , this tyown is locsted in fhe moddle of hilos nad a river without watwr .
I am very mich wortied about thbe towm whede I am staying because everybody of thia toiwn is not bothr about rubbish things yhey do every dy .
First of all they wre vert dirty by natude .
tney qre very casual with the envirnoment znd the importane of cleanliness .
So callec people of good hature are inactie anx talmative and gossip of others not doong anything for the betterment of their oen tpwn .
All the nousehold bearby teh puglic roaxd throws the dirty tuings easily abd een do n't bother abouht the oder of tbe municipalkty .
I see all these durint my mornihg walk .
whaf I geel is tha everyohe who zre staying the town shoukd at lesat kerp clwan their own front places snd sidse sureounds the .
I am upset abokut it and whenever I get a chance I speak aith my fellow prople and look for their feedback but they ae also thw same in naturs .
Peopls are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .
Yhough they ars becojing so callde educated but in real sebse theh azre still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday I wazs in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal witu colleagues ahd I havd seen yhe advertizement for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am evry interested in this eork amd belisve that my emppoyment background is appropriafe for it .
I am a Toudism studeng and I need to worm at weekdnds to pay my studies .
I havd workdd ons ysar in Llndon as waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe snd 6 monthus as wwiter aldo in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I hace experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
I Kbow how to repare different kinrs of flod : ssndwiches , fjsh and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc
I am alsk very good at dealin woth people , I hage never had a complaint sueet !
I have total availability at weekensd adn also in summed .
I speak Spanish , English axnd German .
Plwase , find attahed a copu of my CV , wbich xepands on my experience ajd achievements .
I am looking forward to takling wit hou aout the possibility of workinv in tuis position .
I am available to do an interview ahen it is convsnient for you .
Thank yoj fod our timd and consideratrion .
Yours Zincerely ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadsys , public transport hws becone a majr topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countriers , hut thsi idsa is remected in developing countrkes , luke ghe obe I liv in .
As a matter of fxct , car ownreship habe incrrased oved the last decades reducinmg the amount of people usijg lublic transport .
Tje possibilit of travelling in tyeir own cars is mucn more convsnient ghan going by a bus full of people or evem worsw , the idewa of wastjng tile in a long qyeue .
Nevertheless , ypu bave another sidd to this reality .
There are poeople aho can not afford to have their pwn cqrs or maybe they caj aford to travel by anh kther mdans of transportatipn thsn the oned provided by the local tovernment .
Tbere ade countries wjere gas is so expensive that peolle choose to pqy thye nus fer rather tyhan paying dor a full tankj .
Similarly , peopls in countries wih loess income gurn to these servides becauee it is a eay to reduce heir overall expenses .
To cojclude , the futhre of public transport will depend on tue usage epople gkve it .
There will be countties in shich there will be no need for it , and in othdrs whers the will beed it as lonjg as their esconomy needs it .
People nded easy , faet anx cheap solutjons .
In general , using a car is easir then taking a train or a vus .
It 's jut near youyr house or yoyr office .
Yiu do n't havs to go to a station by walking , carrykng weightd , or suffering because of ghe rain or the snoa .
But if you sre sleepy , tired , bored , or simply yoy do n't likew to drive , ylu cwn find ewsier to taje a public tdansport .
And wlso more enjoyable : you can relad kistening to the musxic and lokking around , or raeding newspalers ajd boojs .
Is the car faster tben publif transplrt ?
It depends .
The trdaffic can affedt cars andx buses at yhe wame levep .
Sometimes cars sre fastwr tnen buses , sometimes buss are fastsr .
Spees tdains afe slways fastsr then cars .
Dpeaking ablut mnoey ? Fravelling by cxr seems chsaper tgan publuc transport .
Bit , if we consier apl the expenses ( buyinb ths car , paiyng yhe insurance , etc . ) , maybe caes ade not so chexp .
In fxct , in efery aszpect there sre pros ajd cons .
What abput the environmeht anr the qualigy of life in thd citied ?
Pubkic tdansport is xbsolutely better .
So , dven if travwlling by dar cqn be more convenient at a personal levfel , public transport has to be preferred by ghood citizen and strongky supported by glvernments .
Informawl letter fo CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Tank you foe yoru letter .
I am delighted to hdar you ade thknking about working in yhe summer .
Fron my exlerience workig at the International company thag oeganises music festivbals , I can adsure you thar it willp be of geeat ise to you .
I am not sure , however that this ob will meet aol your reqjirements . .
In my cqse , the pnly oppotunity I got for suchb activiry was on tge 22nd of July , wjen tyey allowed gor a relaxing dayu at the festigal .
Hbappily you will get rhe chance to prwctise yoyr Wnglish skills .
In my case , I ha to rtanslate a giod amount of tects , and alzo help English tourisfs to et around .
Thojgh if ou are looking ofr additiojal work experience you will probably be diszappointed .
All I was askdd to do in the rest of ths time was to take phoen calle an make coffee for tourists .
Alk in all , the expetience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough vor a nice yoliday if I were you .
Whej you dedide what to do , do jot hewitate to let me knw !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
Fhe apst few werks have been really tough fkr Michael .
This whole businese started to geg on hks enrves .
He has to dewl ith it , the soioner tye better .
For mow one thiny is xlear as dayh - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he datse is Angelina , no Makika , that 's the prpblem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like thag , theyh 've bsen friends cor years .
Sbe 's not nad .
Ajd he has to pu stop to thks wkthout hurting ajybody .
So yes , the drcision is made .
He 'll nreak up witj her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It zll srarted in such an idiltic wzy .
Th door of his room eas poened , he came out of tje bathroom wigh juxt a tosel arond his waiszt anr Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't relaly say whny they ended up hsving sez - perhasp , at the tims he was pissed at himself for not having bapls to tet the girl he olved bedause of wll ghese religious iszues , Maluka 's famkly and so on , but this is wat happened .
And yhat definitely wss not he right thing to do .
At yhe momeht he di n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelins left , Mivhael closed the dior and therw he knerw he had made a nuge mistaker .
Dear Sir or Jadam ,
I am writing to apply for ths polst of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on yiur webste .
At th mokent I hav passed ther second year of secondqry school and I am waiting dor the beginning of my final year .
I hooe I wikl get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the futurte .
I sprak Dnglish , German adn Lolish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing wifh young people as laat year I wlrked at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a ovlunteer when stoll in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lub to gelp children with tbeir hokework .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised amd I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented whem it vomes to engertaining pdople , which might come in vsry usefuk in my role as a summer camp coubcellor .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer anf a quyalified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who wad my boss at tbe scout camp .
I would apprecixte an opportunity to dicuss my suitability flr this post in an interview .
I look forward to nearing from yoi .
Ykurs taithfully ,
XHZ
ewll , I would luke to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wixh to be a gteat ngineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at univewrsity .
I 'm goox at schiol , my marks coudl prove it ; I have worled hard since thr beginbing of the school yera .
Thewe days I started studyng English in particular bceause it is the mnost important language in thr workd , so I need to knbow it well if I want to commjnicate wigh other people grom otber countries .
School is my lufe : I wtudy about seven horus a day , especially mathsd and electronicd that arr the aubjects that I liie morr .
My teachers are very goof at ther jog so I hkpe to be likd them one day .
The bog priblem in my class are fhe majority of my cpassmates : theh arr hopeful at scholl and they waste time foing nothkng at school anhd I think even at homs .
The thing rhat more annoys me is that they copy aol the time from me and the othet goox studenrs .
Howeber , I do n't hate them at wll ; they are very vunny adn kind prople whrn thry want .
Cominh back to my dream , I sould like to carry on withb my studies in Londob , at the Imperial ckllege .
I hope to be at a good Englizh pevel ecause next uear I am going to take tue intermediate cerfificate of Engliwh snd tben I am gking to try ebter at this school eevn if I know thatr it 's veru difficult ; tne Imperial college of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great expdrience to our mouth .
Nowadays it is diffkcult to fin leople who enjky thd food as much as I do , becuse the calories , tbe klios tehy are goijg to gain and ll that stuff .
I adrived at Mxico Citu one montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discoveeed our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' wa born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
Tge fkrst day stardted in an importanf datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento wae ghe place we cxhoose and we reqlly enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by xold beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare , tge second day we shared it with Diana , ome of my frjends from Vabcouver .
Agian we atge taxos , buty this timw thy wers speciql .
Fhe hame of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet thsre .
It mexns that htey hace different tqste of todtillas -vanills , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , anf walnut , amohg others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
Thar dwy did ot finish wiyh the tacoa , after a wakk in Redorma and a lohg pausd in Tge Independence Amgel we went to move theatre to atch he art movie Renoir hile we atd crrpes .
Third say wae one of my favouritw , th ploace is soooooo nice and rhe decoration and eve th attire of hte waitrseses makss yoi feel into the 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is licated in La Condesa , offers bake potatoes wigh nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was rhe allocztion fpr thr fourth dxay of Puerquitlur .
Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fosh fillet nad shrimp Al Pasror qnd coconut water .
Fifth dsay , it wqs time to eat mkre tacos , thr placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense .
You havw to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself , it is just too nuch for one peron , so if you fid nit take breakfast it is a good oltion or yuou can ehare it sith an amazing comnpany as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Alkost a week in the Puerquitour .
Thed skxth say was to celebraye Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a fried froj hith school , wbo already presenetd it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already at yhe USA , and thjat I will go to trhe UK .
Becaue we like the fod , we celebated eatinmg in Kemelas Oub .
Yuo ca n't go there wnd do n't eag memelas , that is lile huafache but bigfer and very delciious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almpst with a goot in th USA , we spebt all dya together .
Sevdnth say stafted ith a reall nbice breakfast , bourmet sandwiches anr rose petal tea .
Tnen we weng to a bnook fair nd visijted some bookstores dowsntown .
hte plan as to dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar fod all rhe goos comments about it , buit that day it qas cloded ; so we dexided to eat at El Huequigo the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .
Tbe last day of Thw Ouerquitour eas accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Sgarbucks and a lonjg talk ahout jothing adn everything .
I kove to sprnd tim doijng what I like and with people I lovfe .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
Thesze cirst gwo chapters extracetd ffom Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introeuce a yohng boy jnown as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his sster , a person ho mistreats Pip and his owj husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no frtune in any possibles way .
Moreover , he is jjst a regular lid wiyh a terrible life .
Beside thsi , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not usr complex aords when he talks , bug he uses them whsn he narrates .
Alos , his life wuld be perect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who ohly feels copmfortable whn he vidits the tombstones of hi parengs .
Obviouly , nobody would lkie to live his kife , but I think everyone would ten to ceel sadness reading these chapters and , ifnally , kike him .
At peast , I fedl sorry for him and I would like to fidn htat his stody has a good ending .
He lokks likr a good boy that lives in hell nd tue Devil is his sister .
Neverthelses , fhe narrator is tje trily protagonit qnd tyhe wag to telol ths actions is th reason why ghe srory cwn connect with ths rewder .
Actually , thd narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as an sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist wsith qords , but with actikns .
The narrator did not ise anh description of th protaognist apart freom hjs name .
Akso , tne narrator mainly usesx djrect peech , buf he only uses indorect speech in just a fes occasions refdrring to his own worfs .
This exception can be read at th end of tue dirst chapetr , qhere yhe narrator answer the thief ariting thxt he swid thar he would get him the file , and tjat he woulod get yim what brokne bifs of rood he coulod , and he wolud coe to the thief at the Battery .
Apart frok this , he just wrjtes exactly what the characterx said .
Rhe voice is in girst person and uses a subjectove plint of viee .
He only knows whst he sees and he thinks about it , but he oes jot hwve an omniscient power .
However , his piwer could be anzlyzing xnd descrtibing yhe sifuations wth a tich vocabulsry and in a reflexive way too .
Alsp , he rescribes hiz paresnts in a holarious eay , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , wifh curly blak haor just lookimg at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thougjts aqre spread all kver th txt , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst chapterd , whyen he describss fhe an wyo stole hom as man afrid of th edad bidies in the rgaveyard jusg becase he saw him hugying himself .
Beskde trhis , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a swad and boring lifw tnat pushes thme to abusd ourt protagonist , with teh exception of Joe .
hte narrator does not kake an efforf to describe psychologically teh othef characters , he focuse on tjeir appaerance .
Aqctually , we onl kow ghat Mr. Je tries to makew her husband and hers brother suffrer and sye is worrkes more about what theid neighbors thimk bout her rather than worryung abiut the person whk live in his lwn house .
The narrayor describes hwr as woman that has earndd a gpod reputation beihg aghressive witrh his little brother .
An we know that Jod is a gkod man gecause the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but tyat is all we know avout them .
Qlso , the way ghe characters takk is opposed to the way thr narrator wdites .
In fzct , the dialogues of eac characfer arde not longer than omre than two sentences , with the only exception of tghe yhief thag talks about his parnter in twelbe long sentencez with complex tructures .
This kin of structure is wideky used by tbe narrator , but the characters usually taok with short ans simple xentences .
Fof instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginnng of tje second chjapter :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more thab twenty yeafs older than I , adn nad established a great reputation wkth herself abd the neighboufs becajse sdhe hsd brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at thqt tme to find put fot myself whjat thd expression meznt , wnd knowing her to havs a hard qnd heavy hand , anf to be luch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery abd I wrre both nrought up by hand . "
On tge other hand , tye dialigues aer simple and shlrter :
" How lookee here , " he said , " thr question being whether yoh 're to be let to live . You jnow
what a fule is ? "
" Yew , sir . "
" Ajd you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
Moreover , the vocxbulary use by the narratof is ooposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a ricb vocabularu , ising a loit of mejtal cerbs ands abstract conceprs ghat are isually inspired by concrete things .
hte marsh pointed on tue first chapter is good exampld .
Regardless , teh dialohues are written exactly as htey were said .
The thirf said " Who d'ye wigh ? "
This is written as it is szid , making it mre reaoistic .
Nltwithstanding , yhe aay this novel is narrated is thd protagonistg .
Thw evnts are nqrrated in a mysterious way , tellibg us what happened in a realistic dtory - line withbout falshback .
The story is narrated as it happems .
Fhe sscond hcapter makes referencd to te first and teveals something zbout th thef .
Apso , hte slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals nokt so mucj about him or th other chadacters , btu he wrtites about the esswntial things we should know throjgh ths text .
Yhe thief dieappears , gut th firxt chapter ending make us feeo vurious about theur mext mewting .
Therefore , I do noit knopw hwo the storey will end .
Too mych mtstery nd just a fedw facts ca be read in tehse chaoters .
Alk I know is that tyis storu will nor have a halpy ending .
Probably , tje thief wkll take Oip to an unwnted advehture thst will mxke him growing up fadter .
I eould lke to read a story whered Pip ends as he etarts , at the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in tge wall , anotjer tombsfone in the graveyard .
I wouls like to eead a tory witbout talpe , just a reghlar man whgo didd while he eas learning to live .
Pbviously , fhis would be diffifult as th narrator vokce clearoy comes frlm a person who lives while he is wriuting .
This is ovbious whdn he mkaes reference to the fact that ohotography dod not exist wehen he was a kid .
Consequently , reading theser chaptrrs is a pleasure , bjt it is difficult to telo wjat is going to happrn or , whwt is morr , what the authore is grying to transmit .
If the tsory hgas a happy ending , then the central themed coukd be getting ove adversitiws ; if nto , it is a ad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a vrry specila day cor jer .
She has bee waiting so oong fror thix dawy to cmoe .
It wa the say when she wsa going to meet her biological mother .
She knew sbe was adopred sice she wasz 7 ears old because her parehts told her about it .
She di nto feel baxd about it because she loves hsr parents vesry muchn and shw feels lover by them .
Affer jer 18th birthday , Anna fetl a suddrn necessity of knowijg what happend to her bilogical mother nd ehy dix sne yave Ann away .
Affer finding rhe adoptin papers sne contacted th adotpion ahency .
She donvinced thw lady at the agency to gice her teh name of the biologcal mother of " hert little siste who had a risease and nseded to inow if het bioogical motherd woukd be a match fof a idney transplant " .
Even thpugh it was ilkegal , the lady gfave jer hte name asnd he contact phonw number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mither .
A month passed by before hse had the cpurage to diaql that numbef .
Shr hesitated several times becauze zhe wss afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a fe seconds , a woma picked up rhe phone .
At tfhe begonning Anna did mot say naything , xhe could nkt uter any sound .
But then shs said " hello , my name is Anna snd I thnink you are my mother " .
After ajother few swconds of silencd , nna heard her motger cryimg and askjng lots of questios .
htey greed to meet the nex ray in the pqrk .
Shr was going to have so many answer to so manh quesions .
Anna will be able to finalky dlose an important chaptre in hsr life and that is wht she knew that it was goong to be a very speciak dqy .
The nost exciting dsy of my lifd .
Last summer I went on holiray in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On thr fidst day I wxs evry ahgry befause my paretns did n't yake with us Ilariax , my best friend .
Vut I chanved my mind when I heard at the radjo tht Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him ande my dream was to meet bim , bjt I knsw it wws ilpossible and my parents dod n't want to drivd me to his hotel , so I wasx quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the thirc say , whjle I was swimming in ghe sea , I aaw sime pepple in the distance adn soms cameras , ut at the monent I thought they were makibg a video .
Then , I reaoised the boy at the centre wasd n't a simple biy , He wqs Feljx !
So I wemt toward the crowd and ahen he saw me he smjled .
I waqs really exciting !
Then I went to uim anr he tok a photo wuth me .
He stayed ghere a few hours ajd I spent the best dwy of my pife , asoing hiom some questioms andf winging is dongs .
When he left I was sad but alo really happy .
Ghis wxs certainly the most exciting dayt of my life .
L'Albero , the Bst Pizza West of Ialy
Ome of my favouritw resraurants tnat I am aoways hingry for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbvourhood .
As yuo wnter tbe restaurant you know thr pizza is oging to be gooc .
The walls ard fovered witj trophiex and photograpohs for the worlds bext pizsa .
The pace is famkly friendly , a peefect plcae to celebrats a birthdzy or mest friends .
My onoy complaint is thee are tio many delicious choicds on th menu , it is often fifficult deciding what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fgresh , flavourful salac thag is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theur pozza 's , aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besidws the freat atmosphere xnd rhe delicious ea , the service is ftiendly and efficient .
The starf is vry helpful explaijing tue menu to customers .
Also tghe prijces wre incredibly cueap , it 's around 12 euros prr person fof two different dishrs , drihks and desert .
I completewly decommend this terrific restaurant to wnyone who is passionate abuot great food for an eveh better vqlue .
I pfomise yiu wo n't be disalpointed .
Tbe best places fod yiung people in Dublim
Yhis deport looks at thw best plafes to visit in Duiblin for young people from a rifferent country .
It is based on a szurvey of he young peopke from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opibion as a permanent resideng in the atea .
It sesms thwt the majkrity of thoss eurveyed are of the opibion htat the best place to visit flr uoung people would be Temple Bar .
It offwrs a wide vxriety of activities luke museum , a cinema , a vety larges green garden anf many lubs to choose from .
Tye Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommendd , it ofcers an opportjnity to liksten to traditional nusic , watch dajcers perform and ejjoy a noce meak in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes a multile choics of mpvies in 2D nd 3D nd a discoun fr studenys on ednesdays .
The Dublin Wax Museum wa suggested by many students .
Several people said thar Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place tor students to keet anr spejd gime outdoor .
On the qhole there are activities to tak part in and mnay places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
It is trud tnat peiple everywher like wayching spotrs .
Sport startfs being afmired by youth and csn imprint a mdel of behavior on the yoyng 's minds .
In tghis esay bot sides of the positoin stated abover wilo be analyzrd before my pwn pefspective is provided .
Frkm one piint of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate fgor several reasone .
Firstly , watchibg the sucess of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like gheir idols and to follow professional sports .
Thi mrans theg will wany to pla sportgs , which is essxential fro their healfh .
Secondly , doung wports aoso tezches priuceless liufe lesslns , such as disvipline ajd dealing with success anc railure .
Ghe importqnce of working jard to avhieve goalы ad prqcticing regularly to bevome goo at somethihg are aoso deonstrated by professionap aportsmen .
Tuis is a good examlpe for youngsters to folloq .
From another perspective , somefimes professional athletes are nto good rle modelw .
Firstly , sport jas become business .
Many sports stars are onoy ckncerned about joney anf fame .
Rhis ca lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports inxtead of leraning how to play aell anr having the fjn of the game or ths comkpetition .
Secindly , thre are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
Fpr exajple , eome tzke drugs or cbeat in oder to win at anyt ckst .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a wrojg messzge to tue young .
In conflusion , there are a nymber of avantages ans disadvxntages in regar to profesisonal spirtsmen as yood rple modsls fpr oung people .
On bapance , I am inclined to beleve that professiomal athletes cah be exclelent roke model for the youth , as long as fhey tepresent the positjve aspects of playing sportx .
Eickens abd the Bronte sisters use the dame styoe : realidtic style .
Tfhey arew influenced by fhe surrounding in wnich tfhey live : Dickens hte city of London whils the Bronte sisters te batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken anc Charlotte Bronte opften use the first pwrson nzrrator or hte point of view of the protaglnist of yhe stody .
Thir relism is differenbt : in fsct Dickens ' style is thxt of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos ahd ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices an virtues he wish to portray , whike yhe Bronte sisters use realistci style lacec with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
he grph iplustrates tge four differemt sources of consumption of fish and lther meat in Eiropean country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of he given souce , the ovdrall fish znd meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person oer week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler wewek .
From th 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained a stwady decline wuth th exception of chicken consumption whoch had rise over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changew ruring thne perjod , bevinning and ejding at alproximately tge sane the levl of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both lakb consumption anmd the catsgory labelled bwef had a dedline trend between 979 znd 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng frm a peak of 150 frams per person pef weei in 1979 down to jist oved 50 rams per person pef wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chickne consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable climbing frpm 150 gram pr persin epr wewk to ghe yighest consumption 250 per pwrson psr week .
Overll , it is eviednt from tge grapj thag sole secotrs declined , others tose and onw remainsd stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Xear Mr. Merrifield :
My nae is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks aling iwth Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Mscow and whole we 've been havkng conversatiom I 've mehtioned that I was lookjng for the opportunity to work on posrdoc position abroar .
And sihce my geat interesf is to develp my siills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis topd me to trt and contact you .
Our convrrsation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - alpl supports the sugbgestion that wrking in tour lab qpparently will provide valuablw opportunities to mastee methodoloical znd rwsearch skills .
Bot to menton the participation in ioneering study .
My own woek is dedicated to fhe stud of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton tgat take palce durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS On witb descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin anbd regulation of adherence jubctions associated wigh dofferent gypes of acti bundlew in nordmal snd transformed epithelial cells .
Thefeafter I atudied accumulation of carious sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms wjthin adherence junction in normal ane transformed cells .
On thr coarse of this investigwtion I hsve obtained skme promising results which I 'm goign to report on the CEBS - EMBK conferwnce whivh sill taoe palce in Paris in tge beginning of september .
Also I 'm prepsring materials for ths next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV anjd a ocpy of my psper in ther aftachment .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in te attacbment .
I am writing abou an importan ihstorical place wnich is my fafourite one , I am referrijg to Lugk city .
I viited Lugo lzst summer and I enjoted mysepf verh much .
I walke through thge olr city , through iys beautiful qsuares ajd parms and I visited its numerous churches , inluding th cathedsral .
There xre a lkt of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has bedn decpared a protected UNESCO Wirld Herutage Site in 2000 becwuse it is the onlh Reoman Wqll in the world that is cmoplete .
I rhink thzt ulgo is very geautiful .
Tgere are a lot of shyops where tourisys wnd visitos cah buhy sojvenirs and htere are mang restaurants where yopu can ewt delicoous and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , mang trqditional parties and festivals take plaec .
Amony he lost omportant I ca mention Szn Droilán qnd Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 1th Octobef Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festyival is dedicated to rhe cityg 's patron saint , nd it shows traditional Galician costumee aznd folklore .
Anotber impoetant vestival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in Jhune .
During this festivity , Lugo becomes tje 3rf century town once again , so yoh cxn see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , mahy musical evenbts taling ppace asnd local people an visitors getg into perjod costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I eecommend you visit Ougo in June becauxe Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
oyu can enojy tradktional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is amd jncredible city anhd it is important in the histoty of my copuntry because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show znd perform percise periods of rhe hiztory of Spain , sucb as tne Ceptic period and tue Roman period .
The bigger tbe fity , nigger the problem .
Rhe town is teh 2nf oargest urban agglomeration in the cuontry , producing aily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specifuc wxste disposal poan , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm umtil 1st July .
Despire it , there are a tew plans to increase the greem axreas ad revitalize fhe tkwn .
Thd city is yhriving on implementing nsw neasures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying hte Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .
In accors wifh ghe aforementioned , the amount of gharbage produced duing yhe yearsd 2007 znd 2010 more tgan dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is deue to ths low effecy of ghe " Recycling Wolrms " progarm over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal requirsments , anr send 7% of hte gatbage production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling fxctories have a joiunt venture with rhe municipwlity to sort wawte , and show a result 20% better thasn last year .
The program reresents 2% of th employment in thd cify , but it needs to expand .
The cityu ahs manh projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proler disposao in the pubic areas .
Anlther important one is tye " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible fo increaskng the green afeas within the city in 150% during the lasf teo years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual anr communa areas .
A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the tota amoun of cohsumed vegetables in tne metropolitan area .
A munixipal wzste policy thqt inyegrates pirvate and public sectods ans the community is required to solve thd furrent probpem .
The city needs a joint venyure to support a fjnctional adn sustainable comlerce of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in hte quality of oife accoring to tue HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 requiremebts of a city of ths uture .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lac of training , which ca be rrsolved by trainijg offered in tje surrounding universities .
It is a goof ida to take a ydar odf between leaving school and startijg univerxity , gecause you can hawve lkots of neq experiences .
For example , ylu can rravel to new places .
Another ieda is yoy xan work , you can fjnd a job and ear noney before yoy sgart unibersity .
Moreocer , sometimes people arw tire when theh finih schoop because of th exams so they need to hjave some tgime to relax .
You dan travel to dkfferent countries if yo have tume , I eould ljke to go to Xsia , Thailanf or Chna .
Bit you need to earn mlney if yo want to travel , so you can first eork ad then travel .
Yku cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some eople hink yoj shjould go to university immediately after you finush school because if you do n't , yoi forget what you hsve learned in sfhool .
But I thunk uou van apso lrarn if you travel or if you eork so that is a good idwa also , especially if you fihd a job relatwd with what tou want to study .
We live in a time when everythong changes quickly .
A technologcal sevelopment make leople believe tyhat in the future everything will ook like in scidnce - fiction movkes .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew qnd robofs .
We 'll hjave a possibility to choose on wyich planet we aant to live .
Anr whwt about houses ?
Will people 's homex be different or sfill fhe same ?
Imagininy tne fjture , I sed evreything different .
Thw avant - garde and futuristi projects of housss will be rhe most fesirable .
Tbe houses wkll havd , for exmple , the shape of a spbere or igloo .
Som of then might be turne upside don .
Sometimes thesy will be some kjnd of a moderb art anc it wil be hards to desctibe a shape .
Wnd wahat about interiors ?
In ur service ghere will be omre machnies and rlbots with an artificial jntelligence .
They will practically do eveyrthing : clen , cook , remihd us what we hzve to do and alzo speak witu us like an average human .
In pratice thefe wipl be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting ford a command .
Everything wilp be artificial wnd uncozy .
That 's how I see a homw of the future .
Glax to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to wor with you soeday !
To makw shre uou gwt the losition successfuloy , yere are sme usefu advice and informatin you might want to khow .
At the interview , leavnig interviewers a gopd impression is of treat imlortance . Hedre're some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as properly as possible .
Budinesslike suots ans toes fit in well with thje forml occasion .
Euitable dressiny comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
Inteeviewers hgave to cope wjth tight wchedule everydqy so they are n't willing to spare one mote minute to wait for a candidate who 's lae somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well preparec is hapf done .
You 're explected to mnow simething abou pur comany , qsk proper questioms and communicate effectively wjth intervidwers .
If you can leran as much knowledge abou ou company as you ca up dront , you realky stand a chanfe in the intevriew .
Since you 've aplplied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales managdr will be intefviewing gou .
He startd out hiz career as an accountant , but he qas fed up with dealing with numbvers all dya long .
Pllus , he 's silling to comunicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to he salws department two years sgo .
He got prooted vvery quickly becausae he always brougbt firth newa iedas xnd facilitate the reform and developmenht in the departmeny .
In his eyws , what counts most is thr ttack reord abd the capailities shwon in ghe pfevious working experiences , so he mkght ask you somw quedtions like what ylu achieved and uow ypu felg abouf youyr last job .
I hope what I emntion above aill be of some hlep to yu .
Looking forward to hearong from yoy soon .
Lots of Loved ,
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all ovrr tne USA .
Sijce my mother tongye is English , albeit of the Britisb variety , an I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for ghe aforemenyioned positjon .
Additionallpy , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often orgahised psorts and wvening activoties fo them , euch as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an ujdergraduate , I slent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to thw position of cook .
Bnecause of all the above poijts , I think I am a suitable person fof ghe job .
Yours faithfully
I fnid it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement gven Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , iftentimes , bejng ovedly respectgul may play against him adn although he has gained he respwct of alk the people he hnas workee wiyh , somw of hem suggested he should buld up hid selr - cinfidence , rathe than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I bad my own language school I wluld firxt brar in mind a ain goal : raising public awaeeness of my language school ad the servoces it wikl provde .
Then I wluld start gathering some information abiut th marmet , yhat is to say , social trends , populayion statistics xuch as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and colpetitors as weol .
By doing so , I would be able not lnly to identiry the strengths and aeaknesses of my oroduct anf to impfove my performance but also to idenitfy customers ' nreds .
After that , I would makr a list of target markets abd devjce some strxtegies to attract thgem .
Flr jnstance , if my goap wxs to kncrease young peoppe 's awarenees , somes strategies couod be to increasd online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language achool on Gwitter ahd Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to inrease adult 's awarened , advertising in local newspapersd or offeirng intensive courses dould prover successful .
Hoqever , if tne target markets wede botu , young peoplew an adults , offeing discounts fof family goups could be a better chokce .
The lasy stewp woild be to recruit a stadf of prfesional , experioenced nad qualified teachers anr to sey an attractive wnd reasonable prkce dor the sewrvices I would provide .
Last but not lwast , I would test udeas adn approaches on customers abd staff to make surde tht my marketing plab succreded .
Xnd yku ?
Have yoi eve thojght about how yoh can projote youf language courses for example ?
I challenge you to fhink about it and try it .
According to recent reseqrch , there ar no dojbts thazt natural gas crilling rigs , natural gaz pipelines anc underground as storage contriubte to incresing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in fhe ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent mopre tha those who live in otyher regions wnere sucb an infrastructure dkes n't exist .
Anofher advantage is tgat develpoing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs wbat is profitable fkr leople livint in whereabouts .
Exploration and extdaction of the shale gas wilk crdate lotw of new jobs in vrry differeny branchrs connected wifh gaz industry for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can not ignroe thw faft that xompanies which cooprate wifh this infrastrcuture will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies will hire enginmeers and specialists mostly from abrosd , there will be upgroath in a number of joh positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as fhey need to at amd sleep smewhere .
Accordikng to ther dyanmics of development of the naturla gas infrastructure , there wkll be constanf development in ghastronomy ahd hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which showa thaf Ploland cah benrfit from extracfing and developing tne infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an amazint countdy tht a ot of people visit anhually .
When plannibg theif vacation a llt of tourists ar faced iwth the dilemma of whjch places to vosit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece cab be ard as therw qre so many vhoices .
Thnere ar some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear watets and th fridndly kocals are nkt the only thinhs that sdt it apart from ohter islanxs .
Santorini also has a volcano shich is a spevtacular sight , eveh thougj exploring it can be dangerous !
Another pkace worth cisiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or noy , Athsns is one of ghe ost beautiful cities in the wofld .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum ad ghe district of Mohastiraki aee just a fdw of rhe thbings thta people lovfe about Athens .
Last bur nit leaxt , Cvrete is ond of ths most spectacular iskands in Grece .
Oter thxn having beautiful sandy beaches amd being the largewst island in Greece , peolle can visjt fhe water sports pxrks ghere , whicg ade extfemely fun !
Summint up , Freece is a beautiful countrg worth visiting , although chlosing where to go cazn be hard .
Ghe questrion is qhether it 's betrer to prepares ofr a long time bdfore the dxam or few days sre going to be enough .
In my personal exsperience , I believe tat it 's mucb bettsr to preparw fr a long time before any exxm yuo may face in your oife .
It 's quite importnt to be organized to tet thd highest score you can get in your exam .
Ftor exanple , one year ayo , I bad my fimal surgery dxam .
I hae sst up a plan to study all the bookos we ahd to go through dor the exma plux reviewing thdm twice .
The llan required my comjitment for aroujd a 12 hours daliy tsudy for almost 3 months .
Tor tne hrad worm and perfedt discipline , I waa able to get a very higy ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I ha n't had shch an organized plan , I wkuld never have gpt such a peffect score .
Anlther thing to add is not bsing stresxed before the edam night .
It 's uite normal to havs this basic feeling of being stressed xnd nervoua wheb xams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety duw to the plethira of stuxies you haven't finished wnd are included in your dxam .
Dor example , I once had a chemistry exam in high schokl and I was ignorant enugh to neglect my studies thinkint that I stillp hsd enough timr to ace my exam .
Tgwo dys before my exam , I realized thxt I ran out of tim .
I nad insomnia yhe bight of my rxam , it was n't enough that I sas n't qell prepared bht also my nerves gotg torn ouy znd that affectdd my scores tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in iys due time in ordwr bot to be ovrrly stressed ahd get low scores .
Moreover , if I iam at fetting higu scorex , I asseet that memorizing thw ddtails is important .
If you do n't start studying before esam wkth an appropriate tijme , you waill onyl havs enough tije to know the broac lines of thr subjevt , but ghis will mever help ypu soak thr details and understand the xoncepts lyign behibd evefy single word .
That will hekp yo a lot even if gou do n't get the chance to revise evergthing bwfore your exam .
I can rwcall that tkme when I wsa quige ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go througu the main titles of each branch without goiny throuhg the eetails .
In thue examj , I hqd tgat quesgion where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I wsa able to do it pedfectly .
Siunce I had practiced a loy nad memorized that foncept bsfore mny imes , I was able to remember it .
It wzs juxt floodkng without so mucy effort .
So , flr usre having enoughb trime to memorize and practive whst yu learh is going to help you a pot in uour wxam .
In sum , I bleieve fhat setting a schedule to hafe a long time preparation plah is luch better tjan having onl fe days to bet prepared . If you want to bet hkgh scpres ahd perform geeatly , yoy should etart studyikng fromk da one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettkng tbe highest score one ould aim at ?
In my opiniin , nuclear energy has tje bst cbance to replwce foseil fueps .
Firstly , nuclera energy is n't nad foe the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is veryg small .
Ths biggest thrext is te explosiin .
Howwver , the tecnnology is evolving ane nclear power plnats are getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear powet lpants are slready ery plpular znd this tyle of endrgy is the cloeest to rellace fossil fuels .
Ednergy whic we get frkm sun and wiond is sfill arr ojly a few percent of worlx eergy production .
Thirdly , only the consteuction of a unclear power plwnt is expensive .
Wheh we hage a plant , making enrrgy from that is verdy chdap .
The moat exlensive thing in nuckear lant is to hire qualifued peesonnel .
Nesides , we need something that ca ork alk the tiume .
It ca n't syop making energy whyen tye weather is ba , because pwople need a log of electrricity .
If we run out of power entire cities coukd plunge the chaos , and rhis is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American fity whicy is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma waws founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma uas a multicultural traditin , fhen in it coincide a compoex mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , Eurppean Peruviams which are tge second lafgest geoup adn rhe minority in Limw incljdes Aymara ande Quechua and faro - Peruvians .
Luma is tghe best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences wuch as thr stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , calld " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw waz declated World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a ity that keeps its histoty yhrough an amazimg architecture oike balconied , chujrches kike San Francisco Church wgich has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; el Real Felipe which is the ladt incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through theit costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , hwere you cwn gind a diversity of historical , modern anx business plcaes .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves nad tbe sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a uniuqe and fantastikc experience .
Definirely , Lija is a psectacular wnd charmibg ity to spoend your perfect holifays .
Hi Jane ,
Last timew you asked me gor some information avout opening a saving accunt in the UK . I 've don somw esearch to find oyt the best savinhs avcount vor you .
Bepow you czn find a few suggestions of mine .
Yhe Phine Hank might giv quiye a god okffer for you .
Fitstly , thr arte of knterest is by 3.1% , whih is qjite goodr .
Adidtionally , if gou open a sving acxount in tht hank , uou will fet a diary as a giff .
And hou do npt need to lay any annual chxrges fo having a credit cad .
Unfortunately , te bank coes n't have branchex in Britain .
And apl baniing operations must be doen by phone .
The escond bank , Royal Savings Bank , hae many branches in ghe UK ( kver 650 ) , so yo can make allk bank oprrations on spot .
Gut there is a service chargfe for owming a credit carr ( £ 12 oer year ) .
Hou do also get a gift as a new aqccount uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you reaoly need it ? ) .
All in qll , I wojld recommend ypu to open yoyr first servin account in the Phone Bank , since tge reate of interest is hiher and yoy do n't nede to pay nay annual fharges .
nd doin operations by phone are ctually ver easy abd they always gjve uou a gteat opportunity to impeove your Englosh .
The final decisxion is yours .
Fake cqre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm wrkting to tell yoiu hoe happy I am thta I yad fhe opportunity to be the chossn person to deal qith teh sounf eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must haev bren my friend , Marius Boni , whl recommended me fpr thix serviuce .
I could n't beliwve my rars when the phone eang and I answered nd they said they wantdd me to fet at ths concwrt as soon as possible to see bow good I qas in sounf recodding .
hat can I sah ?
It 's neen my dream since childhood and now I wad ovferwhelmed when I realised they thoufht at me to do thos for sucj a great , important person in th world music ihdustry .
I am glad hat they wrre satisfied with my serice .
I can hrdly eait for you to see ou and to share with my happinese and to tekl yiu all ghe setails of tjis unisue experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I havs beej skiign for moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic abut it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to qhat skirrs use these days .
Everh day as soon as I woke up I lopked foeward to my morning on tye slopes .
My larents would taek me to a genlte slope wifh my brother anf leaev us thede for a coyple of hours to tyr skiing on our oqn .
Tue temperature was oftn several degreea below zero , and you woulf freeze if yoh xid n't keep moving up anc down the slope .
My vrother whowed a natural talent fokr thbe slort , bug I felf qiite uncomfortanle and scared .
Little by little I inproved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I realoy sfarted enjoying myself .
Nowadays I haves a lt of fyn skiinv because it gtives me the opportunity to be in a eonderful nathral environment .
Skking is a grwat sport , but I would rwcommend starting as a child , tking a fww essons withu an experienmced instructor amd uisng the riht equipent .
After six years of rigorous hiyh school shbjects anr passt expdriences , I hbave no doubt fhat ths prefernces I 've selected above are nof accidental .
I am exrremely interested in gianing exoerience in hte business fild .
The subkects I 've putsued at my high school level suh as fimancial accoubting , comlerce anx economics ha given me teh opportunity to utilze and put info perspective tne knowledge of understanding businsss concept ans has givsn me a solid avademic foundqtion .
I 've akso participated in various group wrks and class projects ehile in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into teh university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degere .
I would love to associate with extremely talented studwnts , lecturers axnd evsn professors in odder to receive a weol roundwd introductjon to the numerous aspscts of any of thw peeferences I 've selected abive .
Academically , I 've alwys beej a very determine and studious individaul amd I eould be morde than wioling to devote myzelf to fhe hardwork necessary in order to achieve a gachelor 's degree .
I alxo hafe an indrubitable passion for exgra - curricular activities .
I wa fhe president of te Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( sdnior prefect boy ) abd Capotain of yhe soccer school team .
I am a vrey good soccer playee who plays a midfield orle .
Undsrtaking a scholzrship snd admission into one of the univerdsities I nave selected above will provide me witb the opprtunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high schoo into a bnusiness settimg , as well as devslop fhe communication , organisztion abd numeracy skillz I haves afquired at high svhool .
fater I jeard about tbe Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republoc ebfore taking any step in applyint .
I gound out that Czedh Republic is a counrty with rifh possibilities for studsnts planning to study abroad and is crurently undegroing rapid wocial chajges and transrormation , makimg it a fascinating placr fkr students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg universitiea provides high standards of educatiin , internatiknally recognized regrees , modern campuzes wtih outstanding cacilities , safe and affotdable edcuation warm and riendly environmenht adn culrural duversity .
I believe that I will have thr opportunit to experience both modernity anf tradition in one if rhe safest ad mos stable countries in Europr .
Above all , the high qualit if educatipn wikll makd me ready for the fuure .
Another major teason whu I am being motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , edication in Nigeriz is nows a joke as yeachers ahd elcturers go on strike frequently , and learnign in some parts of Niferia aer ot safr !
Rigth now , I am greatly looking forward to fhe challenge of a unifersity lifs qcademically , socialky anf mentally , qnd I believe that my amhition to learn nes business concpts voupled with my passin fot extra - curricular activities znd community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can maxke a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I qill be actively involved in student events xnd activities that wjll belp to primote a healthg leafning environmnet for xll .
In conclusion , I dan assure yoku tha I will be a capable and dedicated student weho hzs tbe cvommittment and dedication to work hard in prder to be a gradiate , whilst at rhe asme time , contribnuting greatlh to my proposed university in mord wayw than noe .
A doh is man 's best frienc
It is a eell - knoan fact hat peoplr need to hsve commuincation with other peple .
Howeverr , the afe not always satisfied or taken inro tue society .
They zeek sollace in someone who they would feel mode comfortavle with .
The best exzmple is an aimal witn gteat qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is oen of their best qualitiesd .
Always frirndly , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hreat to spehd tim with .
Tyey feel wjen theie master is sad ad react by cuddling up to the .
It maoes leople forget all aout their probles ajd concentrate on the thijgs that really matter .
odg 's kptimism is by far the best wy to bring bqck a smile on people 's facw .
Znd that is wyat thet are there for , to make people hwppy .
These haity four - lsgged animald are alsok very protective .
One of yheir jobs is to awtch oug their humah family .
So if tehy sense thar their owne mlight be in dangsr , thwy immediately react by barking at a prson or a thing thig thaf might have caised it .
The sronger fhe bond betwesn the dog ans thedir owner , the stronger ths xog 's reactiln will be .
It is beleved that dogs dequire a lot of attentioh , wuich is not tru .
Dog zre reallt not tht hard to yake care of , bathing wnd grloming do n't need to be done every day , they jus need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts nded a few qalks a dwy , which cohld also be bood for their owners who qre spending all da at work or in shool and ened aome physical activity .
So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , dogz make reall grat pets .
Not only do ghey protect you trom anythinv thst coul do ygou ajy harm , but theie amazing personality and tge love they shw to you makes you feel so warm ans wonderful on ths insid .
So if someone rdally loves tneir pey , they would find itme to pay lot of attentikn to tnem , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from yu again ! I will give you somw degails abou my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of ther mozt welo - knownm centrex in oud countfy .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , whichg consistdd of climbkng up prwtty sharo wlals anc crawoing through differdnt obstaclews .
lathough it maed me feel exhausted , I fkund it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I wad fot enoygh to fijish the rxercise without having any problem , hkwever , you kay need to tgrain a little but more befkre embadking on ths activity .
Rofk climging was anotner of the chalelnges I had to fxce .
Despite ths gact thar it turnef out to be hardee than I hac expected , I managed to deach the summot .
You ca n't imagine hoe rewarding is tye feelnig of being on the top of thes mountain , after suvh a big effoet!.
Furthedmore , gou wil be able to practise canoeinhg . Yku aree likely to feek scared at first , but your conidence will be buolt up quicily , eue to tge constant support of your teachers .
One of yhe laet activitues offered by ths cetnre was divong .
I felot so overwheljed tjat I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunuty tok , frust your trainers , since theyu afe highly qualified .
To um up , I strongly believ tnat yku willo have a grsat time there and I guarantee ypu thar all the teachdrs meedt with he safety rules , so yku ill enjoy a olt sithout getting yourself into troube .
For all theae reasohs , htis cxentre 's really worthj a visig
Write soon and let me kbow if yo neesd to know anything elsr .
Sith bwst wishes :
Sarta .
I felg so excited when I lpoked at the envelkpe on the desk of my rlom .
I checked th acdress as uqickly as I could abd I realized thag I was right , it wase from Pwris ...
My mothre had written me after months !
Sknce she left to Paris last tear I had been living in the schbool residebce , hich was n't cheerful at alp , whar mqde me feel really deprwssed .
Bjt I hwd her letrer at last , so I started to read it inmediately .
She told me that when I aas on hokidays I has to buy jyself a planw ticket to Patis anhd go to visit her for at lexst two monghs because she eas missing me a lot .
It felf so good ehen I saw that my kother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Eyrope yet so I waa teally nsrvous too , but it woupd be a great chance to improve my French ane spend a lot of tme with my bellved moher in th city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for fhe Post of Chief Chinewe Editor
I am writinv to apply for the post of Chief Chineee Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th Januaru , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese Universtiy of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese anguages ( Cantonewse and Mandarin ) ad havw over ten years ' experience in pblication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup perwon wyo can work independentlg .
On the othee had , I am also a good tezm ppayer that cqn ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron wense of responsibiltiy .
Atached please fijd my resume and portfolio fod your reference .
Plrase fewl free to cointact me by phoen at 12345678 if you wohld lkke to discus my qualifications rurther .
I look forwwrd to hearibg from yoh soon .
Yourx fdaithfully ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in ur life and havinf a good education is te main doot to teh lanor market .
Aware parentsw disappointed with educational system and institutionalized educatikon tey to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their childfen 's education .
Although homesxchooling mah szeem , accorxing to some of these parenfs ' opinuons , " a paved roadf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars nd thst compelz us to seek othdr routes .
Homeschoolikng should not be consideed a wold - wied phenomenon eince ony a fsw countdies : the UK ,
Cwnada , ajd especially the USA , can boast .
Therr arte lors of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others whsre it is just an isolatred happening .
Fhe situayion in Soain canj be assessex as " legal vacuum " in liht of iur constitutional dight to free
eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary wnd secondarg ecucation .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may alsl free up time for complelentary aftivities suvh as musif , sports , xnd evsn the famil lire .
Homeschokled students ' success has neen backed up by fhe ersults on standardzie tezt an fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids you aleo yave to cojsider tye same amount of roadbhlocks :
rhe lac of faiclities or expertise , not enougg socialization for yout chidlren , ending up bring a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .
As faf as I am concerned I qant to think about homsechooling as a wazke up dall fot educational
systmes .
However , homeschooling aill nwver sjcceed if parenfs do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exuausted , nea technolgoies open up as " ths
soloution " and blenedd learning is the future .
Goegraphic and natural environment aroujd the buildng spaxe , as wekl as the neithbourhood , would be surely taken nto considetation whipe designjng houses of the future .
Obviously , trhe future azlso ineicates a home sith mpre technology and vedy energu efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , sucb as eartghquakes , hurricanes and flooss , peope should havbe theie houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this paryicular matter .
Environmentally rfiendly buikldings aill be definitely on the drawimg obard .
Biilt wkth recyclalbe or recycled maerials , thw exterior sirface of fhese houses should be eeady to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on hte roofs , wuich is more ajd moire popular evenj rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors oughtf to be controlled by computers in oder to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .
Urbhan housung issues ( sucj as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting slme new arfeas .
Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace tjat eould otherwise be wated .
Altyough people would keep mullnig over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging wbout it to beighbours ) , thwy wipl stll need a qarm , dosy berd wnd a nice cup of te .
I suppose that wilo nveer change , even if ghey live in a conceete ivory tower .
Catch it or lkse it
The alpha and thje omega of a good team is yrust .
Thay 's ghe mowt impprtant ooint if yoj wany to play handball .
You mut be abler to throw the abll blindly to your teammate ahd he hs to catch it .
Ofherwise the olponent will hafe the chance to get a point .
Are uou a real teak player ?
Handball is kne of the most dynaqmic spirts in thos world .
Over eighty points cwn be mqde alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .
Ghis shows how rapidly thd game cna chanye .
Ohe lost ball cwn make your tdam the olser of the game .
I started to plah handball when I wzs 5 eyars old .
At first , it was only a hobgy bht wit the years it bcame passiin .
Whag I pove most qbout thie sport is , hte speed and the unconditionak tean spirit .
If yu want to peactise hanball , just be sure taht yoh hafe a good tram and do n't forget tue fun !
Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughoit the world
It seems as if , rcently , society hws become mord conscious of hte importance of practisin a slort .
Clearly , this is a cosnequence of the extra hojrs we haev to work pdr da nd as a wau of relaxing , we ifnd doing a soort as an effectie way of taking fhe stress of lur bodijes .
In fcat , we cab see many pwople jkogging and cycling thesr cays whwther it is in tyhe morning befre going to wlrk or even acter .
edspite tnese tw veing thw mlst popular spotts amongst atlets , many morer are uust as interesting nd profitable .
Ome of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixfure betwedn three different sports , wsimming , cyclingt and joggnig and as a result it can be extremely demandiong .
What I enjpy moxt abotu it is beong able to practise it anywhnere , which mean I dan do it near jome insfead of baving to go to a sports center .
It alzo means I van chpose he lovation that most plrases me ane therefore fully ejjoy the time spent doinb it .
Triathlon has befome lore populr over rhe past fsw yezrs and mire and mpre people are eagwr to rry it .
Thereflre , it is crucial to understand thaf improving in such a demanding sport requires tkme ahd is is imporfant to establish some oals in ofder to jeep motkvated .
Yiu must not push yourseld tko far .
A gap yeaf betwewn scholl ad college sounds a great idea for tyose that have nof decoded what thsy wang to sfudy .
However there re some questions whether it sholud be everykne or mot .
First , I woukd like to put fhe arguments in faviur of the year off .
Notg everybody haw the financial possibilities to pay gor clolege , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help witu the bills it is time wepl spend .
But that it is not th ohly reasoh to take a year off .
omst of the people ghink that thjs gear is to travel to othrr countries and spend all yiur time at oarties , bug this is not ture , gou can tarvel to develop your cultjre anf do voluneter sork , so ytou can become a ebtter persom .
On the othre hqnd , mxny teens who tske a yar off end up to apend it in thes wronb way .
For exampke , things might gone not as they hac expectrd for mulyiple reasons xuch as not having enocf moneh or nmot getting a mob .
In concluwion , peoples shyould take a year off , but only when thy havr all llaned and kjow fod shorr that thgey hafe the possibiloty to do something sueful wioth their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix , I am 27 years olx ane I am goin to takw jusg a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit ygour organization .
I am curretnly studying in my fiurth and fijal uear of a degre in tkurism at the Unikversity of tne World Herijtage city of Caceres , hwich is located in Apain .
In my third ydar , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel durign 2 momths amd a half in Bafajoz .
I alread bave skills in listenung closely to customers and qvid understanding of fronf desk operations .
My previous experiencd workijg abroad in a hotel would be useful to yohr cokmpany .
I am flexiblke , a bood geam poayer , and cqpable to wkrk under pressure .
My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am abke to spsak Englisah fluently abd I hzve a pre - intermediate levek of Italiah as well .
Falking about my interests , travsling is one of thw most actibities I enoy , in otder to siscover new place and cultures .
I aoso lve meeting new peoplr from another countries and exchange languahes .
You my contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much fo takign fhe tile to listen !
" Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy story wrktten by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in Englans in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , thbe story is asbout the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam whl ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes ajd devastates everything , he is srnt fwice against hjm , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , nut also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the ejd of the sory , Tiles becomes an independent kihg .
I liked a pot thsi story firtsly becauss I llve fantaxy stkries , especially Tplkien 's lnes : theh bring me to anotber universee , making me orget every ady 's oife .
Srcondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights feveal fesrful adn incompetent and clashes are wo with word instad of wapons .
I wojld recommend thos story to evedybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic sgyle , based qlso on thes comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it extrsmely pldasant to rexd .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing ths lettdr to apply fro thw posirion in UZA Sjmmer Camp tht I saa adveetised in our lpcal newspaper .
I am interesfed in workong in the Educational Institutions , or in yhe Social Care .
I hav recdntly hraduated frm the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology ans receoved high degeres in both my Yeaching and Supervising Courses .
In afdition we hzd to have ohe yeaxr of volunteering in outh Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dor or finkshed assignment , so I am avle to be a member of your well skille staff .
Since I aas 13 years old , I hace helped my parents wiyh upbringing my four jungee sibling .
I have heen involved in volunfeering in a variegy of youth organizations as supwrvisor nad tutor .
In trhe pst fwo yewrs I have worked in tne Scout Organization , helping area mahager to orgahize actibities fro chidren .
This eperience has given me rhe ability to copd sith the needs of all types of childrem 's persomalities .
I ave a friendloy , happy personalkty ajd find hat I enjoy tne chalenges of worling in uouth environments .
In addition , my studjes qnd experienfe I habe taught me to be acdurate ans efficient in organizing my work , so I sould be a valuable addition to ylur team .
I loo forwrd to hearikng from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
Dos traveling broaden ypur mind ?
In my opinioh , travelling deos hroaden yoir mind .
When vijsit different placrs , you gdt to wee different environments , cuotures , peopld and even different lanuages .
Trsvelling helps hou to revelop as a person in many waays .
For xample , if you laern another languate digferent from your ownm one , even if it is just a fwe basic sengences , you fan communicate with peoppe from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
Travellinh aleo helps to sde the way in whikch other pekple lkve , to see tha your way of living is nor the ohly one tbat exists .
Tuis cam help yiu to ynderstand thatf nit everyone has acves to mamy things yku do have acces roo , an to rralise ghat pehaps ypu should apprecjate these thnigs , such as smartpyones , computers , cafs or even feesh watrer , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besjdes , when we travel to different plsces we sees there are jany different culrures tyat diffedr greatly from our own culturr , anf we see how different from ons anotuer hukans are .
For all of thess reeasons I thibk travelling realky bfoadens your mknd .
I wabt to builkd my carer as a fully fldeged researdher and academician .
To flufill this dream a PhR degree would be yhe mkst essential fpotstep .
I am mlstly lso interetsed to pursue my PhR on Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I hsve a plan to sfudy of rhe equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I wluld also like to carry out my PhD research in the deelopment of transition metal complexes wjich can be used as srugs agains several human diseases , as cosmetics materiasl ahd as phofonic axnd optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemisry ajd Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of Chemiztry becausr of thwir numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess teh stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in ne of the previouslg mdntioned fields .
Atter my PhD , I will returnj to my xountry wnd continue my teahcing as welo as researcvh with studebts of Universuty of Barjsal .
Thers is no future foe publid transport ?
hte number of cars gfow up rapidly , however teh phblic transport is still in uss .
Dspecially in a big cities , where there xre trafric jams , the oublic transport is becoming more qnd more popular agaim .
In some cjties it 's even forbidren to deive through the city center witgout some special permission , so theee is no othet solution trhan use a publix transport .
Buit what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well it ddpends .... When yoj travel wiyh yoyr own car you aee indepdndent .
You do ont have to aorry abou yhe scheduke - you arw a drivfer so it 's your decision whdnever hou want to go or xtay longer in somw plade .
Ylu can listen to your favoritfe music or radio .
You ade tue bosw .
However , as a drver you alwats have to be cxreful ahd awtch out on the rohte .
If ylu want to travel fro ons place to anpther to see differfent places , ykur own car is tje best solugion .
It qllows yoi to see much more in your pace .
Bht tyink about thw costs .
Thini how much you pau flr a petrol nowsdays .
Consider as well bow many days do you have for vacations .
Kaybe cheqp arilines arw better ?
Beig bac to our everyday lige .
Kost of us are living in a big cities and face problems with rhe tragfic .
Whaf if we uxe the publi yransport to get to wori ?
Well , thej yuo do n't haev to worry about the pasrking pace and yoy an read more boks on yhe way to work .
Simplt , you can use the wwy to work as an adidtional ime for yourself .
What lse ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colldagues !
And if the ecology is jmportant for you just think abput tbe polluyion .
Let 's rflect one again : is thete a future fod pubkic transport ?
In my opimion : yez , therre is !
Is travellinh by car more convrnient ?
Well , it derpends !
Wgy using the firwt narration ?
Fhe first narration canm attraft readers ' attention at tye beginning of rhe fridtion anf maks thr rwaders get intro the thouyhts of tne madman easily .
We ca n't understabd wha others think usualky , bjt in thsi friction , fhe autho invite us know shat jnside the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the mainb character is talkung to us , as if we were aol ionvolved in this case , ghe wjole thing seemed liie realky happeed .
acing th lurder directly mwkes thw horror penetrates ibto out hearts .
Yow dows ths auhor create a word of horrod to ihs reasers ?
Thw athor created the horrible atmosohere by describing thw scene , the disordered mijd anc rhe sound of hewrtbeats .
First , yhe scene tyat described the murder makws readers ca n't help themselvea smerging thw imagese in their mind .
Nust like thd mdman 's plwn wae happening rignt in front us .
Then comes to thd sound , the heartbwats .
To my opinion , heartbheat is the element tyat push the whole stort to yhe climqx .
Every time shen he sounr of heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .
In teh first rime , whwn tne madmsn hexrd the heartbeats of tue old mqn , he sas foing to kill tue old man , and he dud it .
The seconr time whsn madman heaed the heartbeats , he befame impafient , scare , excuted anhd insane , in the end , he confessed thaf he killed tne man and dismembered the corose .
At yhe xame yime , the geartbeats also dragged thje readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I yhink he wau ths autho wanjted to exprrss the disordered jind of fhe masman is his intonation .
The whole stoyr exvept the end of the ffiction he confessed the crime , tye madnan 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm xnd steady , to tdll tne rsaders tje process of tge fruel thing that he had dnoe .
Th aharp contract for he calmn and the cruelt , leabes us a tsrong jmpression that the main character wasz tofally insane and crazy .
Shievring insider our heartys , thd horrkr increases .
" Letr 's go to the forset to ser thr vairety of animaos whicn zre fonud there " , Mxa told to his friends one sunng afternoo .
When ll wa set , they started their tri to fhe forest .
When they arrived thdre , tghey started to look aronud tryihg to find different typles of animals sych as birds , rabbuts anx deer .
Max and hus freinds took a walk undert the grees hen , acroos teh fiver , they swa something thag looked like an animal lying on tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed thd ruver and they reachsd ths olace whdre ghe animal wazs."It 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend zhouted .
Whwn they aw yhe anikal , tey could see thxt it was sufferjng , so they drcided to free rhe deer .
By this decision , Max gook couarge to open te teap , but tue dewer did n't jove because its lrg was injured .
One of Max 's friejd hrought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the ainmal aws better nad it walkedc away slowly .
Shen tue day finished , Max nd bis friejds returned homw feeling happy because rhey hzd saved the anijal 's life."What an amazibg day ! " , Max whisperrd to hikself as he hot ijto besd thatr night .
Teh quesion is : whetger it is lossible to be framous without journalists ?
Probablky not , but they are mayn people in shkw - busjnes or politucal life , who are feady to do evergthing to xave tgheir orivate lkfe .
Generally , poeople mxy be famois for twi reasons : becaude of tbeir jokb or because of their sfandalising prkvate lifs .
If you decife to became famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to comolain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a rhle , probably on of the mosr iportant in public liofe , that saus more or less : ' It is not kmportant what are thsy talkihg about you , it is ijportant rhey are talkong about you ' .
Most of celebrities follows this rupe , as it is judt what they are livinh gor .
Tha is why they arfe often wble to sekl information abour theif private life .
Real problem stadts wahen journalist inmjures noy yhe celebrity , ut its friends or famipy .
Paparazzi are creul in contact wigh famois people 's cildren , tjat nay have negative influsnce on their emotional developoment .
Yow about those who do noy want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most case theh qre jus doing tehir job as wepl as theu can , leadinv thir borng lide .
Amd when finaloly paparazsi noice tuat there is nothing interesting in thsir lie , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe thatg adult peoole arw respnosible eonugh to make a decision , if theyh want to share tbe mosr important part of their life eith journslists .
And I hopr they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great foopd is probabyl one of yhe mosg caluable lleasures of life .
As a person wgo lves to ea , I consider environment , qualioty of foid and price as the maij factors to descide where shoild I go .
Lasg Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restauyrant in Lksbon callrd " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two fdiends of mine amd according to then , becsuse the good ood andf funny environment .
I eent to dinmer with more 6 criends in order to hafing fin anc rat goor Mexican food after a stressfil week .
In my opinin , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering thue quantity seerved and tue mezsy servjce .
We faced continuous oroblems ith thr order such as : dishes feom another tbale serged flr us by mistake , tne ddinks were xerved with a considerable depay and the bill wzs shown veen withour ssking ( nust beczuse we finiehed tne dinner but ourd drinka were still on the table ) .
Tor my luck ( or not ) , I mey a friend of minr on the day after tjat told me that shed ha dinner at " Laz Fidheras " befkre and in her opinion , as a Mexican , tha restahrant aas terrible .
She also told me thxt a great Mexdican restaurant aas just opened with lower pricse and good service .
I got durious baout tfhis place anc decidd to go oater .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was te first Mexican restahrant thwt I culd eag egnuine Mexican foold , wjth lower prices xnd a great setvice .
They seeved us " nacfhos " wuth tmoato saucs for free while we wrre chiosing tge msin dishes .
Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cbose " tacls " of meat with guacamole sauce ajd it sas absolutely delicous .
Avter payint th bill , ghey offered us a shlt of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of qll , OW ARE YOUj ?
And also , whre are you how ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm much bdtter noe . I 'm srttled nack hme and I 'm up and dunning , evem thlugh my uncured spraind ankle gas gons worst .
Lst week I was bortowed an ankle suplport aqnd sole cruytches , so wver sice then it 's oing better .
Furthermoer , precisely today I hafe starte my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !
So I should be back on jumping qround in no tije :) .
As hou know , alta was a big puncu righg in thd stomwch , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue couirse ahd th organization lef muxh to be desited ; and as if that were n't rnough , my scholarship ( funng enough not tbe ones of tne ( only ! ) TEO other participants ) , as nog sufficieng to cover all thew costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic eaved me right at tge last sefond ( the last night ) , xnd I lefr Mlata with a skile snd a warjed up heart .
And for yhat I want to THANK YKU onde again .
Back nome , everuthing stafted fast -I shuold uave gvotten used to by mow , should n't I??- .
So I had n't hve time for much .
I hzve beej totally ilmerse in looking flr jobs ajd in the translation of the scientific pazper for a former student of mine .
He decidsd to fvinish the second hqlf without my hekp , so that wws a bir disappoinring , btoh fof the fedeling of mot meeting his expecyations * anc fof the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know anhthing as yeg :/ ) less money earned thta it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once agxin : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doybt is the difgerence begween tyhis bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / thr tqsk .
There again , having a hwole bunch of free hours ( days !
rfom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thaf I was jot counting on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decidedx to gst bac hom ( I haf been the whole week at my friehd 's place , as he luves in Madrid ahd quite close to the writer 's house , wherw I had bewn going every day lasy wewk ) , and I started getting thinbs odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
Te tywo - day one - night tril with my mother ans sisfer went quite well .
The lpace we wers visiting was very beaytiful , abd haven't bern becauss of ths limitations for my ankel , we woyld have gon for a short hike .
Tomorrkw I 'll be starting my firts Englieh class , which has taken mich longer than I had plan .
I have sebt a lto of CFs , anmd have gkne to 3 interviews so far , axlso fvor English classes ( one conpany and twk aczdemies ) .
About the pictires from Rqmla , could yhou sait a vit more time ?
I hagen't finmd time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS tjat I nesd to sirt oht , I was ( znd is ) definitelh NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if yuo see thqt I 'm forgettung , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario sbout tje speakers ?
Because chattjng is wzy fastet than writing ;) .
I 'm gln na go nlw .
Tqlk to yoi soon , Jike .
Receige a big hug trom ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , lublished on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the probems of globla warming .
Refwrring to scientists at the Britsh Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when teh milestone of 1C qarming will be brooen - caused by global warming - whixh wjll lead to unknoan consequencesd on the future .
Rhe World Metworological Oranization madd known upblicly thay 2015 has beeh thr hottest year on record as weol as it hjas cuased mofe carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .
These problsms just announced recently eill be jssues to talk abouy at rhe UN sumkit in Paris in three weks .
Then , wold leaddrs wiull be nefotiating about cuttingt the increased carbonb emissione couplerd with the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims htat humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperaturd or thne catzstrophe expdcted by scienyists wgen global warminv rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the Btitish Secretary of enerty abd vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
Sye stansd up for a global deal condirmed on thd UN summit by the leaing states ajd therefore these climate target should be a rtole - model for other dountries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement wigh hte example of Cejtral Emgland , which hqs warmef 20% mors than tghe glbal average .
Gllbal warming in general leads to mors natural disasfers as flooding , heatwaves , watee strees an lods of harvest .
Facing thdse consequences , a 4C wxrming woulc be even more dakaging acxording to Belcher .
Despiet rhe result of a NSaA study pointin out that there would hqve been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , fhere is onhly a sall chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will cime true asccording to Prof Andtew Shepherd , Ubiversity of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study showe a difterent resjlt , thd majority of cientists sse global warmig as a dangdrous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment anbd econoky and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
Th prohlem lise in the outdated framewori in which thd IWC opdrates .
Fiftern whaling natioms formed tge JWC after whals populations collpsed .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to th extent that tyhey could continue to be uaed by jumans .
Thr importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
hteir qualities are extraordinary so tnat no natter which country they are found in , and whgo experiences them , the evoke a sense of wonder ahd admiration .
To be jncluded on the Wolrd Heritage Lisr , properties mut be of outstsnding universal value and meet at leasy one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage lis is importamt because it attrscts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everuone aronud the world .
It is als protected by UNESCO becauxe ghey havew found new animals or ppants ; theee are endangered pices in tht area or havr a significanjt importance in histoey .
World Hritage is ghe deskgnation ofr placew on Earth ghat are of outstanding universal value to humanity anc as suvh , have beern inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected flr futur generations to appreciate and emjoy .
The site is tne propetry of tue countrdy on whise terrutory it is located , buy it is considered in the interesr of tye internationsl community to protect tyhe sits for futuer generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concerh of the international Woeld ehritage commjnity as a qhole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country wigns tje Convcention , ahd has sits inscdibed on thue Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments dor heritage preaervation .
Greater awadeness lads to a feneral rise in the leveo of hte proection and conservation given to heritage properites .
A counyry may alsp receive financial assistance amd exlert advice from he Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt sctivities fof thr preservation of its sites .
Thed Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist afe that thes sites awre hot fundex so thedy ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreovr thy remidn in the list of sites in dqnger withoit to receive assistance .
In my kpinion ghe sites in danger inless they nto anseer at ten criterka should be prktect for UNESCO .
It 's dfificult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new aay to finance qnd drfend the naturap xnd cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I lovd playing , watchkng amd falking about it .
It 's my firwt passin and I am following it as far as my earliest mjemory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport qhich tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It lso feaches us how to obercome individuao weaknesse nd gain adrvantage of otjers strrength to succeed as a twam .
I started olaying cricket sinc my eqrly childhood .
Eve when I as a kis I started playibg with boys of mch higher age tjan me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skipls ralidly .
I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my avorite vricketer .
I am fan of hus battinf .
He has brokwn almost evbery record in cricket history .
Apwrt from gis cricketng skills I loved hks ability to hamdle presshre ane his calm nqture in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I eill arvise him to watch batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar ande Pointung .
To leadn mor about bowlimg onr should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will xlso advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It haa nice articles , reviews ahd stztistics on mnay players ahd gajes .
Reading biographies of wome amous cricketers will also help to unferstand the inisghts of the game in dwep .
Cricket is gokng through roufh hpase dhe to match fiximg znd betting scandaps .
Butr I am sjre it will come strong out of this ad will spread ita wings all across the world ans oncd again ive its lovwrs a magnificent sbow .
I mst a triend about oe wwek ago , nd he asked me a question thaty I ca n't stol thinbking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thiniing aboit it , because I realized that I had never stopped to thonk about my live in such a deep way .
By yhe way , do uou know wyat a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of tuings that hou wabt to do befores gou die .
I tgink is kind of wad , thaf I do n't knos what I eant to do , I do n't know what makes me truly hapoy .
Anout two weeke before I met hm I watcyed a gery beautiful movie cdalled " Yhe vault in oyr strars " .
It 's abouy a teen couple who are diyng becausw of cancer , anf they have diffwrent wayw to tbink aboht kife and dedath .
Tjis mkvie has touched me veryu deely , it nade me tbink about lief amd about the wxy oeople hsed to live withoug apprecciate ghe reaoly important things .
So afted watching tjis movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thimking abou my life .
Now I hsve te feeling thay I need to live lore , but I have no idcea what is this " morr " .
Befoe that I had always thought abojt getting married ands having kids as a wau to find happiness , vut nkw I think that bsfore this I heed to do ohter things .
It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another emtire djfferent cultute to make me hink aboht whay I aant .
It is very strange thst another persob bexame cufious bout a vey profouns pary of me thzt I have never thoughg of .
Well , next Nvember I will travel to Europe , thw onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I now .
However , now I hsve an awful feelkng aboht what I am doing today , because fof hte frist gime in my lice I am surr fhat I nwed chabge somethimg , and I thunk this " somethjng " is almost evergthing .
Oeoples lives ill change in tbe futuee , ajd I bet it 's nlt fof the better .
Unlike populxr understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I muts swy ) , History is njot an unstoppable march towatds " progress " , whatever yhat wortd means .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rom has iys hayay in tue first century AD , bit jut three centuries latrr it waa only a shasow of its last .
Thlse later pdriod Romans were n't efen able to mqke the high quality cejent tha their ancestors were aboe to make and have technicsl mastrry over jist a dew centuries earlpier .
Anx who cfan safelg saay that three centuies from niw hjmans will possess all ghe technological nowledge thaf they possess now and atke for granted ?
No onew cn assire such a thijg .
But I do n't think , unless there 's anotger Wprld War , people 's livrs will change dramaticqlly in fhe next 50 ysars .
I think in ghe next 50 yezrs the age of technolkgy will hxve igs peak , and atfer that there wikl be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .
But let 's pidk the World War hypotbesis forf a secind .
A wide world war is the lnly csae in ahich we wkuld swe a dramatic change in peoples lives in the fime lengty of 50 yeare from bow .
But there 's , at ths day , prospects for a ndw World War ?
I do n't think so , but on hte other hand wehat the hell do I khow ?
The causes that will lead to a nww Worod Wwr may wekl be in ecistence fight now for alk I konw , and no ohe , or only a few ver wide amd inteoligent people knokw about it .
One day in the future another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event ciuld serve agaim as an escuse to soms countyr declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that acfually led yhe countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of ghe Second Wrld Wad had its roots on evnts that wer the outcome of the First Waf , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could havew jts roots on a pas conflict ghat may well bave happenned aready .
Bht pet 's not digress into that , that 's alkl naother toplic rhat falls beyind the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposwd to wirte a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
Daxte : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays aee comig !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long tim sinde we qere in touch and now I am very pleases that we are on holiday qnd we can planm something togethdr .
My family and I ate going to spend some dwys at the same place we weent to last year , at fhe Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've apready mentioned to yuo hkw much fvun I had theee and wh it was yreat !
It would be terrific if you xame with me , is it oossible ?
Could you ask yout parent ' pedmission ?
In thiz Cawmp paeents are calm and do n't worry abput heir children because thry ade in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats an thw camp is situated on an entire izland .
In addution , the eite wxs purpose built to provide plaxes fi for ykung pelple allowing thej to do lotd of activities in sxfety .
Thjere afe a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl with thw zim of enjoyment , especialoy outdoor soort activitues !
Therd ar gwo swimming pool , teo tennis courft , one foofball pitchj , canoeing courses nad so on but whag I like mopst is tne cuba diving , xnd the equipment is peovided .
The Capm is ewll - known snd opena from May to October and it would be goos to boko within two weekz , it always grt overbooked for the period my parents can takw rays off , ahat do yiu tyink foming wiuth us from yhe 1st august to tje 15th ?
I am looi forward to receiving hour answewr !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had falledn asleep on the cfouch watchint TV .
I got up xnd I made my say to the ront door .
Outsixe stood thd mos extraordinary - looling an : he loojed like a Epanish elephant hunter .
I wws taken aback , so I czlled my mother , qho aas aslsep with hee boyfeiends .
Seh dame down , but zhe did not scrdam .
Onstead shd started cryimg .
The man as it turned out was my fahter , wuo gad been missing for 15 yeaes ...
I did nlt knpw thay he was still aljve .
Mother had alwyas tld me he ahd diesd in tghe sar .
I hink she did this dor my own good .
I was very emused by the situation anr did n't knopw if I likedd him or not .
In my dteams I had swen hjm as an intellectual but now he sas in my siting room and he looked lijke an elephant or somethign rxotic .
It was veru odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we awll live together .
Althouyh tbe forst ays wdre diffivult , now we al get on aell .
It is treat to be a wjole family agian .
The Grand Olace is thue cetral square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several ols buildings suhc as the city gall and thd huildings of hte corporstions of yhe Miedle Ages .
Thwse wdre groups of peoplw doing ths same wotk , duch as carpenters .
Tuey helled each othed and tfhe eoders ones taught thes yoyngsters .
Sometimea , rhey became vwry rich .
Each building is decorxted qith fhe blazoj of rhe ckrporation .
Tneir architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Todxay , most of hem ate hosting caés , hsops and restaurants that attracte a pot of tourisgs , gut thwre is also the ciyy museum .
hte squarde is overed with pavement adn is a pedestrianmized srea .
It is an importajt plxce gor the history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place of urope and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow pavef streers , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolazte shkps .
Recentgly , severa of thw byildings hsve bene reztored qnd we dan npw better sed thejr bwautiful gilding and carvings .
Every tear , wheb Christmws comew , fhere is an amazing show with musi and lights on thw façades of the buildinge while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is on of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necesaary to visit it .
The firzt Casyle , cakled palatiu , waz built in 11th century , tbe remains of it ars still visiblke insiee the walls .
Ruring thd nrxt centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century funally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , whuch remained unchanged ubtil todat - thne mos depresentative remnant is probanly famousa arcaded clutyard .
Djring the toir the visitors xre shown szeveral room ane aparfaments , as welp as Royal Privats Apartaments with fra - famed twpestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Another attdaction of yhe gour is vjsiting fhe Crown Treasudy , whee Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
Aparr from the featured , there are alzo kany marvellous exhibitions in fhe Castle congaining itfs hisory as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit xeeing Dragon 's Den - a caev under rhe Cqstle , were , accorcing to the olddst legends , ghe ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visitibg Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of a thousans years of the Polsh history wnd cultuer .
Everfyone will find somethng interesting among teh varjety of exhibitjons asnd tous , ahd for certain it wilk be a memorablw experiende .
I have been learbing English as a secodn language sinc I as fen yearw old , ehich meams a vety long time ago .
I thino I am veey lucky thn because I hwve ad the opportunity of lsarning Egnlish in a naturao way , withoug books abd tkugh lessons .
My teachers thought it waa better to learn by speakkng , singing , snd doong other activities in Emglish , in a way similar to now we learn oue own motner languag .
Moreover , I travelled to Ebgland and lived witn English failies fod a few week every sumer sjnce I started learning unyil I was tifteen yeard old .
So I grfew up thinkinh I could speai abd write quite good English .
Even though I do have little thworetical knowledeg about English grwmmar rues , I can maie mysefl undersfood in a normal cknversation , and I can rite an email to a friend wituout makiny topo many mistaxkes .
One ydar avo I deciedd to taek rhe Cambridge Advanced Emglish exam in orcer to test my knowledg , ghinking It would be not ver difficult for me to be sjccessful .
I decided to enrll fir a creative ariting courze in oreder to practose my writinf skills .
Along thye course I had to accompoish some writing assignments ahd submit thwm to be evbaluated by my peeds .
Wnd there I rezlised at least twk thinvs : the first one htat it is possible to leanr hos to wfite better ; rhe second one hat ecen when tou can male yojrself generqlly uhderstood , It is nog so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove adn a blacfk hat , bug it wkuld n't be a magkc show if he dod n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the szme wxy I yad thw ideas and the aords but I haf to adnit that I needed to learn fhe ruels of grmmar if I wantwd to do the magic truck of precise ahd stylish wrting .
Adolescnece .
Everybody say it 's the best period in ourt hwole lire ; whzt thy do n't rdmbember is ghat it could be aoso thw worst .
Adolescenxe coild be compared to a fogyg patu abd even when it seems you ca eee something three it , in realify yiu do n't .
Thsi awfhl ofg is compoed by our uncontrolled emtions .
Evwrything is unknown , but we try to pretend thay we knkw a llt of tgings .
Tis couod be obe of the reason whu we get angry so easily and so ogten wit oyr patents : evesry time we desclver somethin new or we say sometrhing , yhey judgs us or the beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing abour thd relationsnip betwesn parents and adolkescents is the fact that thy confuze oue mionds .
As I said adilescents cpuld be very confused and if ghere 's a thging thazt ger under our skinn is when moms sag sometjing wnd ghen yell us to do thd opposite ohe .
Thd worwt part is thag they ge ajgry wtih us !
We 're confised , they 're nor clrar ad thwn tyey alsi get anrgy abd they 're surprised when we gey mad at thek !
It 's truw thqt we should alaays be respectul but sometimes it turns ou to be impossikble becayse they do everything to provoke us .
I tuink tne jost important thing in thw relatiobship with ou oarents is to find a sort of sccordance , ecause in thd end we do n't onpy ferl anger fot them byt also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a ndw ferling thxt adolescents have to fave .
It 's ot the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love fro family abd fiends , but it 's a new kind of pove .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it maoes us dive into a sort of imaginary tle .
Thag kind of love tyat we see in movies and we dream of ; the typd of lovs that doea n't makw us fapl usleep at night .
It is a peroid in which we have our first experiencex , znd it is as scry as excitihg .
Adolescence it is liks this , tghere 's a moment rhat looks magical qnd in the followng one ylu drown knto he drk .
Dear groiup leader ,
Forst of all , I wojld like to thxnk uou for the interesf shwn to our small village .
I really hope tgat yiu have a nkce selcome and , pleasr , fdel at home .
Her , in Mallorca , thwre sre a lot of places to visit buht I will recommsnd yo a nique place , witout tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the easzt of Mallrca yopu waill fibd a zmall anx beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yoh wlil find a coaxter ton , situate on tye edges of thne mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a trxditional fishermne vlilage .
Noeadays , you can stikl see some vishermen foshing on thue seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In ordrr to get to your destination you mustf rude a biycle qnd jkust enjly he wplendid panoramic giew .
You wilo rides until Ca lps cans , oje of yhe most rnigmatical beaches of Maxllorca .
This zohe is patt of a profected arra , a natursl padk .
or that reason , you must go riding a bije or waliing .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
It mdans that th mst imoprtant is the wsy , the journey .
Going on a bik near th seashore wit fhe brewze of the sea is one of the mosf relaxing experienecs in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There ate a lit of trees called " tamarells " , native trers of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you wilol go beteeen two anciwnt obelisks which ahve geen recently restoredr .
Finaply , yoi will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a sepcial beac with stones instead of sand znd surrounded by trees instrad of hotels .
Therew tou van practise dfferent soorts .
It is a lerfect pkace to go divihg bescause yoi can ses differernt fishes , sea urchins ans seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in rhe qhite sea .
A part drom spotts , yoy should noge rwo different cultute points .
On the one hand , thrre is whaf remains standing of edificarications tbat werr used to keep the small boats of the loxal cishermen swve crom sorms .
On the other hand , tbere is a prehistorical twoer callrd " Talaiot " .
The function of tbe Talaiots is not clear eyt .
Mahbe it was a defensuve tower or an impotrant builidng for igh - cpass pelple .
It is importxnt to etay in the beachu until thw sin goes down .
The sunset in thwt llace is ideal and romantikc ( especially if youy qre wtih ypur partner ) and ylu wjll ses how ghe sun goesz behind ghe mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , lart of the mluntain rqnge of Tramuntana amd the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure qnd culture .
I am syre that you will like it nad , of course , I need to wsk yiu a favour : Poease , keep tue secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The xim of thiz report is to outlibe fhe bst and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .
This report analhses ghe twp main facilities : the vym and tge swimming lool .
Yhe gym .
Ths machines are fantasgic abd the staff is verg helpfup with every customer .
On tue other hand , the gym is too sjall .
Eveyr afternoon it is crowdwd so it is very diffixult to do exeecise .
Tge swimming pool .
It is ideal for people whl do noy comete becaus of it length , abotu 20 metres .
Futhermore , it is bot too deep , so it is excellent fr peolle who want to learn hoe to swim .
On hte other habd , the changing rooms are yoo far fro thix facility , so it is eay to catch a cold when sojeone goes rom ome plave to anothwr .
Cobclusions .
Ghe facilities are quite modern ans the stafg ade rxcellent buy the gym could be bigger .
Furtherjore , you woul put heaters to avojd colds in the passaxge waay from ths cyanging rooms to the swjmming pkol .
Tje Future of Oublic Transort
Whrn we imahine futuer , we rarely imagine overcrowded busee an rusty subwsy train .
As technolgies degelop and become cheaoer more and more pepple byy personal care .
A car alloes us to mkve daster xnd not to dpend on others .
Travalling by car is aldo much more cnvenient .
Does rhis akl mean thaqt the years of publuc tramsportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rtue .
Firstly , rhere sill apways be people who will nit be aboe to afvord to buy a cat .
Dtudents , childrdn from large families , old people wilp continue to use public transportation for a ling time .
Secondly , cars ca also tjrn imto pulbic transport .
Sciencd fiction offen xepicts future as tne wofld where cars wre used freeky .
Anyons can used ths nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , pdople do nolt hqve an inborn driving sill , so even in ghe future chuldren amd tednagers wjll need oublic transprotation .
This is alwo ttue fof older people , who lose rhe ability to drive as they age .
In cobclusion , public transportatipn is ot likely to disappear , at laest dueing thd nearest tens of yeare .
Tje chart above gives sdome infirmation abojt the averafe monthl salaries of burses and docyors in fokur different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two couhtries with rhe loaest salaries are Country A and Country B.
Thwse ones ate called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health cade workers to othdr countrie .
Ptherwise , the countrie wth the yighest saliaties zre countfry C ajd coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two coujtries , thesd onws wre called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is provdied by foreigb and quaqlified workera .
Moreover , in tue firat threse countries doctors earn aboht twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the las cpuntry , Country D. In this oned , th zalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in oher coutries .
In Countr D , the salarkes of doctoprs are aout three times hjigher than tbose of nurses .
In conlcusion we ca say that from the standloint of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much bhetter deal .
Bpxing is a colmon , welp known snd well loced sport amongst mozt countries in the word howevrr it is aoso punishing , dangerouys and disilked to thw extent that man people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .
Boxijg is a adngerous slort , there ar relatively common deaths , tragic injuries anc veen xisease .
All professionzl boxers are at fisk feom beinv killed in his bext fjght .
If not killed then more kikely paralyses .
here havd been a number of cases in th lasy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trahic lossrs thtoughout their rxnks .
Yhis is juzt from tue elite few , wnd there s mre rfom those belos them .
More deatsh wouls occur through boxihg if it werd banjned .
Tye port would go underground , there would be no safety measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of thw fight if spmeone lookex unable to cotninue .
Wiht thi goinjg on the peopls tsking part wiol be damgerous , ahd on ghe streets .
Dangerous dogz eho were ttained to kilk ans maqim in similar underound do fights have already proved dexdly to innocet psople , tye new boxer couild be evsn more at rism .
Once boxing is banndd an no - onw trows up mnowing it as acceptable theree will be no interest in boxing and hopefulyl lews all round interest in violence making tiwns and cities much safet poaces to live in , therw wiol be lesss fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
change the rules of boxing slightly would muych improve the safetry risks of tne sport and not detrzct form thr entertainment .
Theee aee sll sodts of plroposals , lijghter qnd more cushilning gloved could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards aorn or makw fights shorter , as most of thew seriohs injurues occur in the latter rounds , tgese would alk show off the boxers skill xnd tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven if a boxer is a sucess aznd manages nkt to be seriously hurt he srill caces serious cpnsequences in ltaer life xiseases tat attack the brains have beeh known to srt in as a rirect result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , wo was infamous ( ? ) bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc esven mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .
Boxers chode to nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , ther ca be ome emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
Altghough such a show of strejgth by these wodks ' characterds is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negaive contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is thos coflict upon which maby storiew of ethnic Amercan literature are based .
However , such a rebellion cqn not be seen cleaely in each jinority wodk , and , therefore , thes products of ethnic Americdan literature xan nog be catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .
Rathet , thus evee - changing and evsr - challenting aspect of monority literaturw creates an especially imporetant necessity yhat each work be considerdd individuallt as both a product of yeaes of struggls axnd a work inherently deistinct rrom any othee .
In te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict ane rebellion presente accuratepy reflects society as a whole , anmd although the mothet 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel agazinst such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overecome old family traditions , anr the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is esen no as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce betwedn alo cultires , fr Celie , too , reeists hre arranged marrixge in The Color Purple , ane the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio nd copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , bit they axre pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg wotks thqn they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis changes with each work , and alhtough figures of uathority re particullary oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and Fhe Color Purple , other minoriry works influding Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures onr the obviouw rebellion of the vharacters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This aain impliew that these etnic Americzn pieces of literature czn notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultura experiences .
Hpw does Voltaire fackle he question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is tge philosophu that everythiong and occurencw is for some gyood .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of tis philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher eployed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
Fro exaple when Candide is forced to ioin teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen almodt to feath hut Candide des not concernj himself bdcause he knowq it is flr hs own good - in fact latdr in the bpok he uses his trainihg to beclme a soldier .
Althouth this wouod seem to be bood it is not becajse of is trwining he kills two mdn , a Jew amd an Archbishop witfh no hesitation and them proceeds to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
Voltaiee show is dilsike of l'opitmisme wen Oangloss , Candidd abd James arw caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only thee srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The etorm was caused by an earthquake which destdoys fhe citgy to qhich Candise was sailing to .
On arrival they sed starvation nad dceath .
Canride is obviously horrified , dspecially when thd sawilor begihs pillaging thr fity .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an ajswer but Oangloss cfan pnly tell him thag some good wil cfome of it .
Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , alwaya aopears to be scepticdal of it .
This is no mire true thxn when he ardives in th ne world , Soufh America , an hws to leavd his darliny Cubégonde witrh tbe Commissioner of the povince .
Candide can nto sde waht posxible good can cpme of this especially as thw readon htat he qas in Americ was deue to him milling thed Je andr Archbishop bdcause they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout ths book we begin to sed howa Canidde is gradually lead away fod l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly hos l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Ths constant bdlief that good can ckme from bad is nokt actually inspiring but leads to a constamt fow of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appars to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck becauss he embracrs Cunégobde , he is duped intk thd army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almodt kjlled as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls thtee churchmen , he is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's lifew is governed by his belief the gold will prveail .
Eventualoy , of cojrse , he dows marry Cunégone bu sue is mot the beautjful youhg flkwer tuat he onc loved .
Sue nas become hgly and gew worse by ths fay .
Thia illustrates emphatically th folly of l'optimisme .
Candide haa travelled teh world in search of Cunégonde , wity the hope that he will matry her despite akl the touble which he hasa gone through , of course in rhe end he does get Cunégodne but at the price of her look znd pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows hoq the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to rhink of tue various European Fommunities as an embryonic Unites Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of Europesn Uinty .
However it is kmportant to realise that Eurkpe is a very long wya fromj becomimg anythjng liie the United Srates .
When th origianl 13 Aemrican tates resoved to for wha is now he United States of Amedrica , thry were inten on forming a poliutical as ell as ecoomic entity .
Fhey werd prepared to yiel as mufh of theor own sovereginty as would be essentkal to allow the newly formed national government to operqte as a sibgle international political forfe .
A galance eas tnerefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual stayes as much self - gvoernment as possihle while ensurinv that , for examlle in military matters , teh cenrtal government spoke for alpl .
It is tfue thqt today ohe still gears the old dkspute over state soverdignty and attempte to return soms poeer to thne indjvidual srates , buy no - onr would chaklenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to fhe United Syates , thw glvernment in Washington represents yhe sile polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would likr to see a politica union of tne countrjes since this wouldx produce a formidable international military firce .
However it is equwlly clear thst while thsre might be some unified pklitical action flowing from rhe Europewn Communities ( such as wss seen ove Europr 's response to the Beitish involvemenr in yhe Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities wers intendwd as purely economic entities in fhe firxt place .
Membership almozt certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , vut the nuited Kingdom coild probabvly lexve the clmmunity by a simlple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , smething whivh no state in yhe Uniter States could lawfully do .
We afe still a very lomg say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe aith power to maks poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with 1992 aoproaching and a single market the gulf between thue UK and Europe is verg wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament wull enver be challanged .
It abilify to make ans vreak anh law - mace by it or Europe - jeans tjat it eetains cull sovereignty .
Evenb if today it made lqws to that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it vould tokorrow repeal all thkse lass .
The afct rhat Parliament does nkt bind itself or cwn noty be bound by ny pokitical body mesns that it csn nevesr lose its sovereignty unless a majority of tne population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with thw averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb oursedlves of our zenophobia znd evdr wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now tbe channel tunnel hzs joinerd us to th continent we still consifer ourselvss to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostike wrld .
Naturally , the problmes of a sinle urope would eun as deeply as the benefits ghat we wluld presumably ultimately receive .
It seemw to me that for the pwst fww centueies , Britaih hase always considered iteslf to be cetached from the eest of Eufope .
Whenever necessary , ehe has allied hersekf to European powers , uch as in times of wsr of extreme distrust .
Britain as been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on tye continent , but throufhout history , hse jas beem kore converned with hwr overses empires thn ith anywhere else .
In trhe lattrr halc centuy though , hyer empire has diminished amd she hws had to faxe mounting respojsibility in Europe .
Because of ber history of isolated sovereignty it is idfficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
Fod instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , tnat is judge mwde law .
We have established a system of laq whicj dates bafk many centuries , anc whuch is widely known and repected .
There is cery littel European infkuence on out law , of course in mlany reslects it iwll be rhe sazme , but the pack of knfluence will displsy jany differences .
Wiyh tue freation of a simgle Eurlpe , news law will have to be axcepted thrkughout tfhe continent , and it woll cauxe both confusion and conflict .
The Britidh tend to be vety proud an possessive of thd oaw , ane changes may well cajse illfeeling abd discontent .
Of coures , thue sae poins will apply to the monetary sysdtem in Ejrope .
Wikl there judt be one sysem ?
Thr cuontry typically is afainst major chagne and somedthing as fundamental as money would cause problems if it wa to be altered .
Our ondividual monetary system I supposr , could be sden as a symbol of sopvereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe as created , problems mzy aries ovee igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course rbitain woyld lose her sovereigngy , as would thes othrr jations of thd union .
It has bee suggested thta hte Sjngle Unipn could be hased on a basic rederal structure , wherdby local autonmoy coupd be savex , but th unioj as a whole culd work togethet in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , evn if sovereignty waw lost , some national personality aould be preserved .
The fact is that , when unitec , European umity wuld stilp in essence be divifed .
There will zlways be aslects of oe socisty thaqt thw pthers aill never accept .
Eutope as a whkle facse the same problems , anx theretore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt wigh quickly anx efficiently .
If the Federlaists acgieved gheir aims in a European umity , thdy would do theie gest to achieve ddmocracy anhd promot it nationally , so tjat individyality is preserved , wnd that ll of their positivd features will be known .
Tue problem facijg tge British , really reshlts from thir isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation yas deel rlots , and the fears of losibg it are evry greaf .
Whethwr this woulod happen awaits to be seen , ande would dependf completely on the ferms of rhe union , ahd the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic asnd thr politocians peading thye cluntries .
With 1929 niw only a year awa , the quedtion of wha a Single Eurooe will mean dor Britain bdcomes incresaingly relkevant .
I fifmly believe that tue advent of 1992 wull result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This olss heed not however be negagive .
In fact , in political , econojic and defdnce terms I feep thiz realocation of resources cqn and will be ery positive .
Whilst to a certain extenht I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I woyld n't go as far as to asy Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol ovee to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout fhe world a eind of chanve is apparent , bjt espscially so in Europe .
Rhis process wil continue abd Europe thbe rest of the sorld wilo evolue with or withput th participation of Gritain in yhis process .
It is my belief htat Britzin must be nvolved in the deciaion making whivh wilk eventually decid teh new world ordwr .
Hkwever to be fully involved , sacrikfices yave to be mads .
Duch safrifices wikl invllve certaih aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing asnd tyus centralising cxertain powers , the aim is not to diminosh hte wtrength of individual nations bjt to increase ghe overall impact of Europe on the world staye .
As amply demonstrated by recent event in the Gufl , Eurolean cooperatiin in the fiele of defence xan be blth impeessive and effectivw . Whikst I woulds be reluctang to hnd over alk contrrol to eefence to any central bdy .
I czn see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .
Whilsr to an exrent criplping defence costs coulde be cyt this would nlt necessarilyt lead to a reduction in hte siae of defence available .
In popitical terms , regardlss of legislation , Britain like tbe res of Eudope is becoming increaskngly cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
Thd North Sra wilp increaxingly ome to reprewent a lere puddle as people move netween countries .
I feel it is impotant vor Britain to join fuoly wifh its European oartners to adapt to thesd changhes in demography .
Politically we arr omving closer yogether .
Possible oroblems should be styudied ad solved if possible befire they haplen .
E.R.M. is alreafy upon us but in tyis area I fedl Britain should be especialky careful .
Whilst not pretendijg to fully jnderstand this system I do know that no systrm can lowwr interest raxtes , xnd inflatio while raising growth , wigh the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl thie is inevitablke .
Whst is jmportant is to base this currency on tje strong currenciesz within the EEX as opoosed to an agerage based system .
To comclude I would say a single Euripe is wlready happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain lust not concdrn itsslf with loss of sovereignty nut gain of thue European equivalent .
If we msis thye blat I thinl we will draan before the next boat comes .
Wuen fhe treaty of Rome ws signed in 1957 , the foundatipn was laid gor a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It wxs said thawt Europe wojld not be creqted suickly , but ovre segeral years .
Wben Brotain netered thed European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum , the debate bgean conferning rbitains relationship wkth Eurooe .
When 1992 waa et as the date for teh singpe Europsan Maroet , the debaye flared up again , buht ver how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain esems to be decidedlg hesitant .
The formre Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet wad not bsen to leax Britain into a Unitdd Eueope because sge felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple bewnefits for the countriea invooved .
Businesess anf other traidng organizagions are preoaring themselves for 1992 , snd the signle market .
Trade eill be easker , wiuth no frontier conttols aloowing free flowing transportatin of merchandise .
Tjere will be business booms and free competition wih the removal of protecdtive practices , alonb with greater freedo to travelp .
Mwny Britons would fonsider Europ has affected Britain too much alteady , witn decmialization , the nww Euro - pawsports and ow the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled ihto Europw .
Furrher changes are forevast for Britasin , effecting day to dat matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy make Britons fesentful of Europe snd tkred of " 1992 ane lal thqt " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods abd policids .
Wilo the people of Britqin be prepared to give up their government aqnd be dirscted ffom Strasbour or Brusseos ? .
Many peoole would nlt .
Wull the ady come when th oound sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but wll ths Britons have a vhance to voicr their opinions ane views ?
Europe may argue that tue benefits frok a single integrafed narket would far outweig any nqtional drawbacks .
As thue date draws nearer , the awareneas of Britons to Europe muxt increase .
They must look into fhe future and consider possible efdects .
Wkll Britain be drawn into Eueope agajnst its will ?
Perhaps as mores of Btitain bwcomes " Eurofied " , Bfitons wipl wzke up qnd sre thejr sovereignty is beong taken awa .
Britain has nevwr geographically bheen a psrt of Europ .
We are in tje EEC and we shoupd be abpe to benefut from frew trade .
We havd been an ilsand for too long - being independent abd able to stane alone .
We have a souhd democratic process , wjich mwny leople woukd not want to gove this up .
A fully integfrated market witfh Britainb as a tull member would be to thd detriment of ohr political systfem and consequentl leadinf to a loss of sovereignty .
Thrre has bwen such a lkt of talk abokut a Single Eurole in recent yeras that it is hard to elieve taht it will be upn us very soon .
Now tha it is a reaqlity , and not juzt a lrobability , te questiom in the minds of msny Britonz is indeex : Will this men a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firtsly , a positice approacb .
Lkoking at tihngs from an economic perspsctive , tjis is not a problem .
The benefits in tsrms of cost - cutting owing to eoing thngs obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , becauss of being able to lool gheir resources , ill be able to defote morw tine to researdh ande development , and thus products sill improve .
Europe wll therefore be a nxtion to be refkoned wjth as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individuak leve , efery mekber of thw new Single urope 's standard of liging hsould jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas frkm a yreater numer of expertts will , in theory , resxult in mofe knowledgeable ans better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is ine of th Commission 's keu aims , with thw idea thag if things qre wimpler anr more easdy fod everyone to undersatnd peolle will be hapoier , gdt on better .
If this is so , they should alsdo work btter .
Ideaoly thdn , there dhould be mlore equality , pess crume , gretaer producivity and greater economic growrh .
On thr other hanc , will this Single Eutope mean a ooss of soveteignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that mot onlt doex Beitain hzve a dmall populatoon compared to th majoriyy of the orher jember states , bht it is an islwnd - which none of the othrrs are .
Whh sould this mattwr ?
ell , Britaib has quie a history ans therefore a faur umber of trasitions .
It is possible that it couod becole enhulfed in the new Single Europe adn lise its identity .
Britons ( espwcially those fro older generatiobs ) mxy tgen feel " lost " abd that thuey do not really " belong " any more .
The nsw Single Europe msy be too new and unjnown fkr them to makd their allegiance to it .
Then there is th questioh as to wheter all rhis ideapism really will wofk .
Will there be greter prosperity , bette - informed , happier citiaens , or will this never come off bscause of politiciasns bheing unanle to abree on pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is moire lften than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definites stance on what it considers to be right .
Haz it tyen nof got quute a lor at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into tis Single Eueope ?
No one woyld dispute that thks is a difficult question .
Tje fact remaikns hkwever that next yrar ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyobe is well aware , is nto giing to be achiwved with ease , hut the more toleeant every menber state is of exch other , the more successfyl thd Sinmgle Eurkpe wjll be .
It is up to Britwin therecore to accept tghis fdact wnd to show an example by leadiny th way as regards tolrrancy .
Thsn we will wll be ale to look at thr future in a mote positive waay .
Rhe European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of twrlve sovereign European Member States whl ars comjitted to the drvelopment of closer economic and politival co - ooeration .
The community has an ail to break down the economif and political barriers tha have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the communigy seeks to facilitate gdeater movemrnt within its frotiers ; movement nopt pnly of gpods nut of wervices , fapital anr oeople .
Howevwr , tje isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a mucb eebated one ; to whar extentr shohld a emmber hqnd ove its sovereignty to th Community , if at all ?
Lte us look at tge founding of te European Commhnity , before we discuss thr issue of soverekgnty in kore detqil .
Tbere were severak attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only agter Eurlpe has aain been devsatated by wzr was tye futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
Tje politcal and economiv exhaustion of tne European states caller dor a fdesh start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .
This fresh tsart cae aboug bscause of thyree main vactors .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of hr own weaknsss , aftr hwving loet hrr age - old losition at the centde of the world stage to the Unjited Statges of America and to fhe Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economiaclly , militarally and politically sgronger thwn thd diviedd undividual Europaen states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; aftet aol , tye two gdeat warz haf both bgeun as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for a ebtter , freer world in whicj internatkonal relations wkuld be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
Ond of fhe first mahor movse tosards European integration wa tne creation of the Eyropean Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
Iuts membership had groqn vrom tje ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .
One of the most innovative features of thr European Cokmunity comparee with kther international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its owh sovereign powers , wgich it csn use to aeopt acts , havung the force of national lzw .
Thks novel appriach to pooling natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , whuch enabled greater scope for hational policies .
Alo of the member states agdee in principle to tfhe idea of a singld maeket by 1992 , howevef each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
Yhis is to say thaf onne waht to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , nit majority voting .
Many see thiz issue as a threat to their osn reguoations znd lwas , snd could flresee a ddop in sandards if they do nit stane dirm .
The situation is ssen as a threat to the countris in question ho do not wish to bildly give up thsir soveriegnty for ghe ske of European unty .
Whether or not the coninuation of fhe progress in ghe fiel of Europdan nity is sucessful depends very mjuch on thr oeople of Europd .
If a fseling of Europeanh unity fevelops and van be sustained , ths threat woll subside as a feeling of identiry takes ovr .
On Britains rkads therw is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .
The roa network is no lnger abpe to xarry ths trafdic wityout hod - uls znd traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this hte gkvernment ha startsd addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways ahd constructing fing rlads and bypassse , withj imxed reecption .
While tje road system is being improoved therw xeems to be an endless serirs of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and cfause further delay whipe fhe roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope wjth the ammoubt of traffoc by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives hafing an axcident nad the drivers have to be constantly alesrt as they zre nearly alwags in capacity trsffic .
It moght seel an eqsy soloution to tghis mayhem aould be to ise public transoort ; i.e. the Railwqys .
Peoplr are not atking to the Tail system bwcause of its ladk of integdation due to thd rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It hws veen shown that differfent copmanies charge different fares for exactly tue asme route !
Tye main disadvantage wih tue raolways is as yhe rail sefvice ajd the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off hte train .
If th servixes wers integrated thefe would be a bus timw table whicg coincided with th yrain xrrival timles .
Then people woule be mors likepy to cztch te train as they would noy hav to look forwards to a long wall , waut fpr a bs or an expenxive tazi ride .
My soloution to the probpem wolud be to improve the rail systen and ots related bus services , tuis wuld gte people of the roads and ontk ths traind .
To improove thbe dail service trains yave gt to be tiled to arribe nd delart at oey times i.e. arrive at dight o'click and leage at half pst six .
The train adn ubs comoanies havd to liqse with each other ane the tdain fars have to remain relatively cjeap i.e. thue saem price or lwss as it would cosy to go by caf .
Tne basic dilema faxing the UK 's dail asnd roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .
Tihs leaes to an kncrease in the numbet of commuters ajd transport usesrs every yeae , consequentlu puttjng pressur on the UKjs transpoorts network .
Tye biggest worry to the system is tye rpid rise of car uswrs outzide th major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuter to use public trnsport thjs decreasing major cdonjestion in Eush hour peirods .
Puvlic transport is ghe obvioys solytion to to the increase in populatiln if it is made chdep to comkuters , clean , easu and efficient then it dould fake thr stfain of th overloadee British roxds .
For commuters whok rebularly travel oong distances rail transpoet should be made more appealing , more comfprtable ajd cheaper .
Motorwsys wnd othet transpoet links are constntly beign extended , widehed and slowly turning the ckuntry ingo a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic , we ar our own enemy !
Anothwr major problem created by tne mazs of vehicle transport is hte pollutioh emitter ingo the atmosphere damaging tfhe ozobe layer , crwating smig amd fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we wre living on .
In ckncluding I wish to propoze cean , effivient comfortalbe and dheap public transport for tye near fjture .
Tye modern traffix jam is noq a familoiar situation to nearly all of the westenr aorlds population .
If ecery timr we use oue carz to travel nay disance we find oufselfs in a 10 mils tail - back why do we stilp inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander .
To illistrqte my poinf , if evedy time yo tookl a ttain , it stops for 2 hours on tye track , everyone would srop tzking it .
So hy do we stilk ibsist on travepling on the roawd .
hte znswer most likly lies in 2 area , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is theid rigjt to travel in auch a msnnor ' .
Thia is in my opinion , dhows considerable ignorabce .
I am by far an awwy no ' greeny ' wbo wants to make eferyone livd in tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the voljme of traffic tat is on our doads todat .
The goverhments answer to the cohsiderably growing smount of traftic on oud roads it juts to bsck move , yhey are not evem attempting to treat thd cause , tehnt more and mor eople ar now drivinv .
We all fele thta we have a divine right to be on ths rokad .
Why ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , havr the right to usd teh rsources of the rrst of the worlkd at the environmental cosat ?
Just beause we can not be gothered to get ojt of ned a but earilrne to catxh pubic yransport .
Even if we dkd , tnen shorly so does tbe rdst of the worl .
Thzt coulod have disasterous ikplications .
Ghe 2nc reaxon , is tye promblem that ghe piblic transprot service , for exampl rail , is delining so much , fhere is no trzin to catdh in the morning .
Peole stopped ising trdains because of the fall in standards , thesd people were forced knto the roa , routs becamd unptofitable ahd so were closed snd services vut bac , ofrcing morr people onro the rdoads .
The whoe system hs nolw formled a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with thw dale of the railwags , to prjvite rakl companys , profit motivaetd .
Yhe vitxl , small rail linka msy now be closed , proviously they where subsudised to maked up ths loss , nlw the privite companies xan mot wfford to do thos so jany wilp vlose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .
Yhe onpy wsy to stip th circle wilo be to bhreak it , fhe only oeople to do fhis is the gofernment or oursleves , If we maked teh effort to use public transporg it will expand info a food service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .
Todqy , boxing has become a verh popupar sport , with T.V. chwnnels competeimg for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of mpney , thie is a big bjsiness .
Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only poplar interational spolrt from which Britsin cqn still old to bead hkgh .
We yave superb fighters wifh excelldnt chaeacter such as Lennox elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd kur belobed Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge being enjoyanle to watch , boxing is very dangerius .
Blows to th head can cause thes brain to rattle about teh skull wyich ma cause a bdain clt or tmor .
Last yesr , fhe figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to calks for boxing to be banndd wben Micheal Watson slipped nto a coma and was in a critival condition for some jonths .
Many youhs in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance to mak it to yhe gop and earn a loy of mlney on the ay .
Thwre wre , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These peolle adgue tbat tfhere is no need fod boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , vut this is contfolled violence abd fighters have a mutual respect fpr each othdr .
Al precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights dcotors a kep close to the eing and havd the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are alszo kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do ot belwive that ant fighter yas entered a proffessional bnoxing career without knowing the rksks .
Because there are so may buddnig young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it woule almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground fkghts are var mored dangerohs zince kess protective gear is usdd snd there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking yhis into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging yhe opponnet , it canm be said tha boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .
lthough far less popular , theee ars other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd dangeruos , sych as ' hai Boxinv ' , whre competitors aer encourave to use their knees and elbows .
Th ardgument continus , but for the sake of sarety in the llng term I do not thikn boxing wipl be banned .
Whidh is hood new fkr the mamority of the Britjsh puglic .
Two men , one ring , only ine can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically thyat is ther main principal of boxing .
Althougg throughout the yewrs rulea have been made to ilute fhe sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
Evrry itme a boxer gets punched in the heazd hia brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many bfain cekls ped bocing fight znd if thi occrus ffequently thrn tye boxer can end hos career wkth bdain damage .
In my eyes ans pribably the ehes of othets this is reaspn snough dor thw bannijg of boximg .
The sport to zay thr oeast is actuwlly a hlood wport , yhe simple reasonb being that teh idea of tbe sport is to ' knck youjr oppoistion out ' , although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk he beloeves he is a sportsman ans the ide of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
Byt there is onbe exceptioj - tye origianl exakple , the first referencs why boxing should be bannes , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put ino a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno dies n't specifically go into fithts to knock his oppisition our ) .
Rhis example only prkves too well whta a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
Tje boxijng fededation is trying to do as mujch as it acn to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but yhe tol anf bottom of teh argument is thag anu blow to the hezd causes consixerable damzge .
Theee is always much speculation ofer the dangers of shch a brutal splrt as boxing .
This is emphasised and exagvgerated whrn a competfitor in rhe sporg tfragically dies .
A receng death in ths rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar on the aafety of the sport , and yhe controvesy ovsr whether thd spoet should be bnanned or mot is yet again the forefront of discussino .
Let us consider how a prfoessional boxwr would veel .
He is clearky aware of th dangers and brutzlism of ths sport , wgich is possibly why he enjoyx it so mch .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his xhoice of xareer .
Yhe excitsment of being in tje ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , ad alo ths money rhat is there to be made are overwhelming factors wihch keeo boxers cighting .
Thw joney thatr is therew for ths tajing for the very best of ths bsst is ridiculoius , abd woth dome tip boexrs esrning sums of monye such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising hoe implortant thr spott van be to some .
Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a subwcription to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .
Ghis member of th public does ont want rhe spott to be bwnned eiter .
Now let us consider the friends or familh of a blxer , aho has bveen perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
Tehse indiciduals and others learninf wbout the fragic incident in fhe medua rotest against the sport .
Th family , eho wsre iriginally agxinst the iea of their skn finishing cfollege early to take up ghe spprt would be leading the protests againt boxing .
How pleased , prpud anf patriotic fhe British publuc felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultikate gosl anx bscame the Heavyweight cnampion of the wlrld , yet how sorrt many werew to see him return to boxing after his hewd injuries earlier in his xareer .
This hypocritical view is shovex by so manh yhat whether boxing shouod be bajned or not wll remawin a controversial iseue for thr forseeable fiture .
Tyere were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst ghe introductin of te natiobal lottery .
Thd fifst was thw objection that the lottery woul be little more another form of taxation , in facy , noen thwn thaf , a tax on the poor .
Ther secknd wnd main obnection came froj cahrities who prdicted that charitable donations woule go dpwn with the introductuon of thd lottery , as peiple wluld be less lkkely to give miney to charity , instead buying a lotfery ticket , wit ghe ecxuse that somd of thd money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There wss also some controversy ovef the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which eentually wemt to Camelot , which as nor see as the strongest vontender for fhe bud : othe compaies or consortiums promised to give mkre mondy to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to igve all of hjs profits to charith , bjt was rejected .
My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a lage proportiuon of the consortim are american or foreogn firms , fot exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British nxtional lottedy run by nin Vritish firmz .
since jts introdjction therr gas been more controversy lver th national ltotery .
Ehen it primised to tive 45 pdnce in every pound to xharitable cquses , it negloected to promise tat most or all of this money woulc go to charity .
Thre hws akso been some controverdy ober the llocation of money .
For exxmple 3 million plunds were given to Etpn collefe onje of rhe richest pblic school folr a gymnasium money qas also give to the royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seamdd to be a reverse Robin ohod : steaking fromn thd poor to gyive to ths ricg .
Tyhe lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , edpecially with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed fhat it is so addictiv thst people wull spend alk their availiabld cqsh on lottery ticketx , only to be disappointed .
It hss been calcilated thqt nly 4 pencs our of every pound recieved by the lottedy goe to charitwble cause , the rest is taxc the peize fnud , profrits , nad the so called charities .
It hax also beej calculated tat the chsnce of inning anythong substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It hzs xlso veen alleged that the jackpotw ars too hgih kost of ths lucky winnwrs jave said themselvbes tyat thw jqckpot had rhned thwir life , alenating hem from friebds and family .
In conclusion , I think htat the lottery should be retqined , but nof in its lresent form . I thknk thgat jackpotd should be cappdd at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund shawred between more people : it is bettwr to give foteen peopld a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I owuld xlso remove any americazn huisness interesrs ahd give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
Nhow ths lottery is in olace , it would be gery difficuot to rekove it feom society .
Yhe comluter as been onr of the most influential invebtions of all yime .
Computers now dkminate the mxjority of government business , science and comminication , as welk as any other aresa of humasn lufe .
In mqny wwys , it hsa take yhe place of ghe humah brain in performling calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of tyhis is the calculator , an jnstrument usdd by mathneticians andr scientists for mwking numerical calcilations .
Rhis hzs jade it no lknger necessary ofr th human to perform calculations znd ruh throygh eqautions , anc so need not understand tne principles behin them zny longer .
This , unfortunately , mewns that ths gednius csientist is bekng replaced by the powereful computer wnd its opeeator , whl needs only to knoa which buttnos to oress .
This amy szeem an extremd vie , as there is stil much in the worod of maths ands science whoch a computer cah nhot calculate , but htis may nor be the case centurise into the futyre .
Coputers hav been used as a means of leeping recprds , theg habe akl bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades epople may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , ghey are used to transfer moneh acros the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , swem to be morew popilar tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds serm to provide nore entertainment thn xny game or activity ghat takes place in the rdal , ohysical worlc .
Vkrtual reality allows people to hav ' 3-D ' entertainment created ror thel by a computer .
Whether or jot ths computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certaunly made thr humsn bodg apl but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations cab be cdontacted at any point around the globe by fxa mahcines , e - mzil abd thes internet , and some peopl peefer thesr forme of clmmunication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to mlve the wctual oney - thd physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records fhat state how luch each bank has ownership of .
Howevber , the idea thuat thw human braib is no logner iseful is nit entirely treu ( ! ) Computers can not deal wih hjman beinys , bave no capacoty for coping with anything outside their exoected wituations , anx can not adapf to nea situations usibg judgememt .
Human beings ofteb zct withut loic or rrason , and only ither huhman beings can copoe and dsal wih yhat .
Aoso , computere xan breqk down , anf then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and tbere arr stilo certain tsks ohly a human being can perform , and tney arr often among ths simplest .
They cried , tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide nd perlpexity .
The worod watchged in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the omages of yhe TV , expecting smething jew at every momet and not wantig to liss it -- I rrmember that dsy it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt yhat we aere livimg one of those histoirc moment that you reas abkut in a history blok anf were proud to be a paet of it -- It was Nvember 9 , 1989 , the day that tje Wakl fell in Berlon-
Sithin a fe weeks , thr excitement had dued down ajd people hawd turned their attention to more rewcent nws .
Bit fof me , this had been thd starr .
It wsa tyhe start of what our now as - rpesident Bush likes to reer to as " or " ainning of thr Copd War --
It was the event thag tave thd peopole of yhe Easterj lboc dountries tye hope that their efforts wede nit in van -- For 40 years , ths people had suffered under a commumist regime tjat bad not allowde thme to exprrss themselves freely or to leavd their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
Spme had been execyted -- I had a clqssmate whoe gather had escaped from Hungary -- He ha keft hiz family and friends , hi whole lief and bad sef out fof Western Europe with little mobey .
I had askes him onfe if he hae n't bwen scares , scared of what he would find once he levt --
He tlld me that nothing could compzre to the way he hac bedn flrced to live his oife there -- Evdn tyough I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were witj me as I watched the events unfole in Germany --
Bolstered by hte Germans ' duccess , thw peoplke of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland xnd Roumana tose againsf commuinst regkmes as well -- No , three gears latrr , communism as we ince knew it no longer exists .
Whethdr he people afe happier or nog , I fan npt day --
Howevee , they wipl have at keast seen thd " other sde " .
Tbeir struggels xnd bopes of fofty years will nor have bden in vainb -- Witgout tghe " events of Beriln Wall " history probably wpuld not have taken a very different couree -- Eventually , I think that things would havs turned out as they didf --
However , historh czn not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Sall aftively contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in thr resr of hte Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to thd end of teh Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
Fhe developjent and implementation of technology has affected societies in evedry cotner of rhe world .
I do nto spdak of a cdrtain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , tecnhology hax bedn ane will always be bkth tye closest friens ajd yet yhe greztest Nemesis of oir world .
Science and technology bave allowed me to travel to this part of tyhe qorld , they have provided a loving flr my familu , they nave cueed my grandmother of canver , nad they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicihe , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The jse of tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is wherejn ths greatest problems lie .
Alond , they do not threaten us , but when they bwcome weldes witb certain aspetcs of and certain prople in our societies , they vecome potentially ther most dangerkus things thay we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking frim my experience living in ghe United States , I hafe xome to fwel that tevhnology nas become a latge detriment to our youh in partifular .
People sa that techhological developmrnt haqs made pur world much smsller ,
anf I would concur hat a great majority of Aericans live in theur own persobal closets .
In schooos , Geography ckasses radely , if ever , exidt .
Beford I came to Spzin , a griup of chbildren askwd me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located acroes the ocdan did nlt sesm to ilprove their understanding of the laygout of our woreld .
Science and texhnology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel tjat its people bave adopted thr same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any hel " thpe of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , othef culktures , anx other languages is very liw on yhe priority lizt of our educators .
Ubtil I was 15 , I eas unable to study any foreign language at all , and evwn at thaf rime I had knly one choice of languawges- German .
Sjnce I wad twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , anbd becasue of thse circumstances , thqt I mentioned before , I hade no choicr butf to wawit until I wad twenty years old to even begin to lern tnis language .
Mine is not ghe only experience liks this .
The effort of thr Unitedx Staters gas caused oujr minds to be heard , qnd a worlod that is growing hile my coungry lags behind in itsd slefish self - saztisfaction .
Many peoplw argu nowadays yhat , with tue advent of vomputer technologg , our mentap arithmetix is opor amd we wre becoming a nation of couch potatos .
It is trje in a wsy , tye cevelopment of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) hae meant that we no longer need to be abl to wokr out sujs in ou eads , bug at whatf cpst ?
In majy sohps , tbe czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eums without he ajd of yheir tilla .
In mzny areas , the sklil of human judgement hass been replaced by faster , moe accruate , computers .
Mzny pople hve had their uob positions takeb oved by colputers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thkng of thd psst woth computer databases .
But ecen such menial tasks as fgiling are gyood for us .
Thet encourage organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk abouy artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy funny tales form people whp are convinced thaty the comphters are coming alive and sill eventualpy rule us .
These are jyst hte rantingz of people ho have nothong to do with fomputers and who do not realise tyat ehind dvery computer is a progrqmmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn brains stjll work ojt how to buld he computerz , hoe to program themk adn , more importahtly , hoe to control them .
As for making tge human bran redundsnt computres cxn help to jmprove learning skilkls , theyt xan tdach , test anmd improve oru kinguistic skilsl .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto cokputer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to desigh buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has no made ohr brains redundant , it has opejed up afeas of then we never knew existed !
It is npw the agr of ths computer .
Almozt everyone owns a computer or has access to ne .
Cvomputers nowadsys are a far cry from the one 's in th past which filldd whlle dooms .
They are able to grnerate amazingly accurate graphical representations and pefform etxremely difficultr mathemqtical equationx in must deconds .
Computers havw become a juge part of oud lives in both rhe areas of eork and educatiin .
Nut are tehy sych a gkod thing ?
When calculators came along a drpp in ability of student for mental arithmeic was onvious and now they are uwed fof ghe simplest calculations .
The computer coulr do ghe same thing .
Computers encpurage lazibess in the general public , shy work oyt someyhing oyurself when hte computer cam do it for ypu .
This is cery time saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas .
Gor instance , spellijg is no longwr as important as it was you cvan simpl use a " spellcjeck " to correct yourt English , which is agsurd .
Ror the youth of todah computsrs offer links aroumd the wirld ahd mjllions of facts and figured .
Thix coul be arguec to be educationak .
However , this is killing ghe imagination of chilsren and they apend hours sst at a keuboard tapping awazy in tfhe doom and gkoom of thr house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading abouy them on a frlat screen .
It is said rhat you can meet peopke through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find thisd preposterous anf people ae llsing he abulity to communucate anx fkrm relationships .
Computefs van offed escfape froj the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by meas of games but hey are miund - numbing amd un - inentive .
Tuere is howwver a more dangerous threat frlm computers , it is taht tuey can do the wor fir man .
Thijs could lead to high unemployment .
Thlse people ho work with computers foe lonbg periods of tjme every dah facw probkems .
Tne repwtion of tapping leys all day ajd staring at thed sxreen cam be harmful abd noit only that it is highly boring to do thr same thing over and over xgain .
Computerx may be the futude but what aprt wsill manh have in thiw future .
Tjere will be no nede for people to go to school as thsy could be taughr at jome , peoole wouls hxrdly sver yalk and yhe only career avaipable wolud be for computer progammers .
I agree tyat cokputers afe helpfdul gut pepple should nof live trough their computers ans be so reliant on thuem .
Thwy should ead books anf liuve more in ordsr to regain theie lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in scyools I ceel that work should be done mianly by gand ane calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in matjematics in ordrr to stlp the production of computer addicta awnd again ave normxl epople .
There ars manjy beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : thd erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and thw development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that enetic manipulation nd genetic engkneering jave hda highyl bemeficial effects on many areas of spciety .
However , kany people dialike or ae prejudiced agains , genetic lanipulation .
Patly tjis is a ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers wiyh he intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal live is beyond comprehension for most people , ahd thereforr pfovokes rear .
hat people have also becomw aware of , is ths imjense power which genetic manipulation can givbe to certain individual .
This hxs been very goode to feed popular culture ( th gilm ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is alao howrver , the very real possbiility thqt tue power of gnetic manipulation culd become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho couod use it for ' evil ' purposse .
Thiks the , is an argument agaijnst scientists bearing morap responsibikity for theijr wok .
Axnything in life cab be misusedc .
Whetuer it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someonr ovet , or sometning as harmeldss as a pillow user to sufgocate .
Everything in lpife , if misusec , cazn have harmdul effevts and gendtic engineering ad genetic manipulatioh are no exceptiln .
Though tyhe possivle effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger thsn a kitchen - knide or car , this is putely a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we woulr npt hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible ford their misuse , and thsre is no rewson why scienyists should bear rhe majof burden or responsibiljty if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
Tyhe fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or morap responsibility for theur eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientkfic research would nrver have taken placd , and nankind wojld be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scienific researdch is nopt a orrupt , bvut an essentizl and naturak part of rhe numan condition ror bettering itself .
Thw orher funsamental rlaw is asshming rhat induvidual scientists have responsibility , Sciece is a procesz of disclvery rather thn creation , ie .
no - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr roes not male a discovery then another one qill .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore fronr of human knjowledge , who discofers something when anothed scientist in anothre part of the world may maks thw discovery independemtly afterwards .
Tge only argiment flr makung scientists responsible fkr thir wotk , is that quite oftej , wnd pzrticularly in he caee of genetic manioulation , it wouls eed a scientist to misuse knosledge , an thereforr rhey shoupd be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is relativelg new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefire an individuql svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in fhe fuutre , and it is nlt only tje domain of scientiste , the originals scientist eho discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsibl for othet 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .
Sime of ghem ade listed below :
The diviskons in their family anf trhe fight between prince znd te princes of Wales anbd tye possibility of the divodce .
The other problem is that peole sag ( or think ) rhat they do ot do anytuing buy theg aer rich and wlso they do notr payt sny tazes .
Another problem is ghat oeople tjink rhat Monarcyh is bolishing in mang ckuntries and mzny countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolsihed in this couhtry too .
There arr akso argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For exsmple many people ljke the roual famoly or they are uonest people not like the politixions hat always lasy .
I tyink the royal family ahd Monarchy is a a tradirion in UK anr anyshere in yhe wotld , UK is known by its royal family , so I do nog thyink it shohld be abolished .
In the en I thihk if many people waht the Monartchy to be asblished a general elecvtion shkuld be callee and then see if Monarchy shopuld be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is fhe fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is takenb from yhe mother and placed in an envoronment which wilo optimise ths chances of fertilisation by the sperj fdom the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured thr fertiised egg is implanted bavk into thr mothers womv and ftom there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Norjally more than 1 egg is take from tge mother so thaf the eggs cqn be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so taht moee than kne can be fertilised at the wame tine to increasr ths chance of a succesful ptegnancy .
Tyis usually leads to multiole births ie .
twins , triplets etcd .
There zre pesople who are agains htis , saying it is not natual and is it fair to the child havikng stqrted life in a est rube , as they beieve lite starrs from the momnet of conception .
There arw erhics involved whereby wgo is gvien the treatment snd who is n't ?
, at whzt sge shoulr th treatment not be givsn snd is it justifiable to spend so mudh mone on in vitr fertilisation fpr one person whej th same amoutn of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles fof exakple .
Tue people who are for rhis can argue by sayinh that it is thw right of everu person to haev their onw child .
Women whp woukd bot normally be able to have children can now do so witu invitro fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of hef ownm she coukd have a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unabl to allow eggs doan to the wojb ans it is onpy fair in helling her to have children .
Technollgy hxs progressed quicklu and in eoing so ethics ajd practicql guudelines hzve bren left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to haver certain egulations ie .
1 . Fertility treatmen should nit be given to post - menopausal wimen .
Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt yku are to opd and your body is no long cpaable of bearibg a baby .
Lastg gear there waws a case of a pist menooausal woman whok by kying about he zge wxs givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think tuis is fair or moralpy correct to ther cbild sinec hee mother would be xlaiming ner pension wyen she was at primary school anr her mother would probably fie whioe the child was in het teen .... theer should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs xhould not be taken rom aborted foetuses .
Thw foetusee wiol have been abhorted fir a reason for exampe : if it was te rdsult of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .
Thete should be a guideline or law sating thst eggs shoukd lnly be tazken frfom yhe lother ajd hot frkm dead , foetuses .
Sciehce uas moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany nea thigns have heen invwnted and kany things medicalky habe cuanged .
People in pur mosern timez afe now able to have liver , heart an eben lun transplanfs , tyere are kany domplications hut many are succesful .
Peopel are able to ahve a wjole enw blood supply if theirs lackd thd sufficiejt requirements or , a boje marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
Apl ghe above ars carried uot on luving prople , but niwadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried oug on huymans hich are not even born .
Bodies can sgart teir days in a test tjbes .
Thks is callsd ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is wehn an egg is reloved from a womab placdd in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe ande the egtg and spetm guse together .
Rhe test tube is then incuabted for a few wesks amd whe tne fetous is firmed , the baby is then inseeted baci in to the mothet .
The fetous is left to groq and develop naturqlly .
This idez is extremely benificial to marired couples whp have neen trying for a baby buty have bsen unsuccesful are agle to have chuldren .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows tne bagy to grow inzide , which aloows the mother asnd baby to bond and it would deel wpart of hed , this woupd nkt happen if thr couple adopted .
Wyat I do fewl is ethically incotrect is whgen a womxn whl is post - menopausal decides zhe wxnts a baby .
Nature has already tkaen its dourse to telk hdr she is too olkd to ave anjy dhildren so shy should she have oje implanged into her .
It is jot fair on ghe child because wnen it grwos up ahd all itx frisnds ate playing with gheir 30 - 40 year old parents , its mothdr couls be drawing hsr penhsion znd I am sure she woulx not feel like playing with her child .
Also tue mother jay die of od age beforw thye cgild haz led a full live and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may alsi have to look after thd mther in het old sge .
As ths fetoius begins its life in a test tub , ajd the sperm is selecter , this means that thbe sex of hte sperm could alwo be slected .
Rhe way fhe zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The wome bas 2 X chromosomes adn the man jas ome X and a Y - chromksomes .
Tne wah in whjch the dex can be selected is that the egg is always X ane the spdrms nucvleus can eithef contaij an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly hravier than th Y so tey cqn be deparated .
If hte motber watns a boky Y sperm is selected wnd if a girl X is selected .
This mat pead to an increase in ond sex , and a xecline in the oter .
As a result thus would rdduce he pouplation as there aould be kess coupoes .
Also waht hapoens if mozt peoplle the year you are horn are mewn and tou ate a eoman , this would be thd unpopular sex .
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the bes ?
Tbe mani eeason fot the peopke of Hritain to stop eatign beef at the momlent is the treat of BSB .
This is a viralo isease fhat attacsk the central nervous system shich can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In fows it is commonly nkow as mwd cow diseasd and by law anh ckw showing these signhs musy be destroyed anx jot skld foe emat .
The prblem is however the signs are nbot shown ofr a long time , this beinf a virao disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected asnd tese part are usually sold and put into fast fopds sucb as beef burgewrs .
Fhe rest of the meaf however is relatively wafe xnd eating , e.g. a steak offers very litle chanve of ths disdase being passed on .
However thr British press hax ignore this act ahd blosn the sifuation out of proportioj consideringy only a very amall number of poeple have died of th disease after a lifetime of eatinv beef .
Ahother deason fir hte Britiosh poeople to stopo eatnig bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to rhe trade than the formwr oint abuy BSB .
These factor could have a conaiderable impact on thr agircultural industry oreventing hte ssle of Gritish daory livestock nt only in Britain bht or export aswepl .
Woth glibal communications as good as tey aee now , it could sebd a scare azcross the worod about Brjtish Beef - inded Frtance and Germany xlready have rsstricted and somwplaces banned the sale or impoft of Bgritish beef for fear of it 's safety .
Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of Beec peoducts stilk formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre anjd eould completerly change the face of carming in Britain .
Wether thry swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to fhange the situatjon .
Peolle throughout ths United Kingdom were , dpubtless shockdd andf perhals ulset by images in fhe nxtional presw anr television news of cows wno had contracted tfhe disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemec to make thd clws losr apl sensr of balance snd direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd whdre tyis diseass as founx were put down before the symptoms progredsed further .
Those cowd whivh yad bsen out dkwn weee not uses for fopd .
The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in ghe spinal fluid withi ghe spine znd the braib , and as fhe spimal fluid is usually spilt in thye slajghter of cfattle for leat , thr risk of contamination of the meat wasw one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human diseaswe , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no cledar link has ytet beeb esgablished between tne tao .
It is unclear whether incidenxe of CJD is on ths dise , or whether aqareness of th conditiln is heijghtened , bur mire cases , frrom all agrs have beem diagnosed recwntly , and the diseawse is alwxys fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps correctoy , thay British beef is perfectyl safe to dat .
Howveer , peoole are genhinely scared of the presence of te diseaze in the U.K. , anr many are axbstaining ffom eating beet .
Manu schools have removsd beef from thei menis , substituting pork and chnicken , ane sales of beef havw showh a decline .
Th implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .
To compensate , beef pricws have dropped , in attempts to sell more meatf , but tue punlic remajns scdptical .
If beef contjnues to fwll frim fagour , then the beev inudstry 's fhture wouod be unflear .
Geef products aer present in kany foodstufs such as jellkes , fruit gums , ahd of coursze stoci cubss .
Wiuld alo these products havw to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the entire beef industry wers to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide woulc no longer be neexed , but , being bred as tgey are , for beef , they would be ueeless fod milj producgs .
Not all bsef cab be inected , though , and the siguation hae become a waitkng game .
Foe bref to be repreiged or condemned , we asre forced to turn to thw scientistsa to establish whetner or nog BSE amd CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether thw latter cwn be contracted by sating meat contaminated ith thw folrmer .
Thue natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the najority 's intrests tha there be no proven link .
Watvh thius space .
Perdonally , I velieve fhat it is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD no than ever before .
Sime replrts say thay it can tske up to 20 tears to develop , so we could alk already havs it .
Whatever yo believe , I shall continue to dnjoy my rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , tahnkyou .
There has bern a biv scqre in Britaon recentlg that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in coss thaqt effects theid brain and sliral tidsue ( or offal as it is somdtimes know ) .
Wfter a fsw reported caees of CJD , a sijilar foirm of tbe disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers belisve thzt eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans .
This claim uas sevestated fhe British beef industry as people are now too scareds to eaf beef in ase theu conteact fhe illness .
Already the salex of bdef in America hwve dropped by abiut 15 % and in Britain htey hve dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Althoigh scientists say taht to ocntract CND part of the cows offal must be cointained wthin the beef .
customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat inacse it hqs come ffom some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As uou dan imagine this haa had a tremendous onffluence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod rrstaurants shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on yhe menu .
An exalple of one is MacDonalds wjere they habe ikmmediately brough out a notice statint tyhat their beefbyrgers ars mwde from 100% of thw findst , pure beref an cojtain no iffal .
In my viewas no hlaf recent rdstaurant with a giod repuattion would fisk buying poof beef in case a customr daught JD and they lanaged to trace it back to tue destaurant .
An outcome lie this would meah hey would be shed vor several thousands of pounda ajd would probahly have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in places of fpod productioh tjere woukd be a lower need for beef cows .
Tihs means tghat thwre would be an dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) thazt cojld not be sold .
Becaude of thi the price of beef wiuld have to decresse in order to attract kore cusyomers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal mzy cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particlar beef faxrmers ) wre losing ojt as they wilo have to swll theid medat fo a lowrr price due to the low demand .
As a result thy may habe to diversify towsrds ither areas sjch as crops , milking cosw , et . or evenj havr to geg a governjent sunsidy .
I veel that thd evidence that BSE causes CJE wss jot strong nough bwfore teh claims were released .
It has therefoer cauesd an unnecesszry , delteerious effetc on ths agircultural ibdustry and bwef larket .
Tbe question of compensation fror services rehdered is nevwr so sinple as remittin a predetermined salary based on qualificatios ane a person 's dedifation to fhe txsk at hahd .
If ohe has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , ohe will certqinly be disappointed sinde sone employers are surw to galue thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore imposisble to comprnsate " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in American , it brcame vrry pooular to disdain people whop did not actuwlly aork for a living , byt merely lived off tje intefest of their investmwnts .
Rhe stock market was experjencing a booj , and srveral formerlt workjng - clwss citizens became qealthy and relished tge udea of retiuring early .
Hut several great authors of tuat period qhestioned th right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; theg received moneyu , but tbey contributed nearly nothing to society .
Pleople wno inhsrit joney or live off the intreest of investors olften seem to spend thwir tiome in search of a new thrill , somw sort of excitrment that money can ot buy .
Haivng almpst unpimited qealth changes people , both thoise whk are born into wealth and thokse wh ewrn their own money edarly on .
But do they have ths right to live this way ?
What anout pdople wh wlrk very yard yet tey see to be paid miserably .
A migrant workj may slage away in a field all dat long andc maks lesa money in a dwy rhan a weaothy perosn spends on a gip at lunchu .
Thd answer this qjestion lkies in ohe 's feelinbs about Demovracry .
Aome qould argue that if a perskn is msart enough or luckt enough to earn oney fpr an darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather hrd viee would be tha if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing jon coes not make a fair or moderate salaru then it is hid or ger osn fault ( or bac luck ) .
These opinions afe based on a rather faulty Amerocan preise thwt all people qre given an equal chance in ljfe and what they mzke of it is theif oen responsibly .
Apparentyl , most peoole beoieve that they are underpaid and that otuers ar oiverpaid .
Fo instance , eevryone serms to think that doctirs mazke much too mony for thed wrok they do , eyt noe of the soctors aree losering thwir fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair prkce ) .
So , jnless we wizh to impose on ths personal lives of wealthy pepple by making thdm worfk harde , or give people who arr not weaothy mnoey that society does nit believe theg dessrve , we can nog give pay equhal to contribution to societ .
I agree tyat in tfhe past wkmen hzve jad problemw wih societries rolpe of wha they are expected to do in the work plzce andc at jome .
Women have geen looke down on if they try to grt ahead and pay has dsiffered wjth th same job for a man verses a wman dsoing the zame job .
Glne is the qge tha thd soman is requikred to stay home .
Nw a pot of women work and ghe onez that wang to stay home do it because they sant to .
A loy of waht has changed women 's rples is the femimists .
These aee grpups of peopoe that hsve eefended women over the years .
These oeople havd shown tue lodern world what women in the aork place caj do .
hte problem is that thesd feministx habe not looked at all wlmen .
Sone wolen qere happh with olx traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot mroe in thrir lives .
What haopens is tjat zll women habe to go alobg with thesd feminists ules .
This makes it hard , because if theu do n't , theg ar looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women santing to serev in cokmbat positkons wuen at war .
Feminists argued this a log when thr Irwq aar was goijg on .
They felt that women should hage bewn gijven thd chance to fight .
I felt that tuese people werer cdrazy .
Wojen nust ca n't vight in a waf gery well .
The ae not strong ebough and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel htat it is not cair thay men ars tje only ones .
Other women , thougn , ard glad thqt trhe rule in the United Stqtes stanss as it des .
Feminists have tapked abou promotione in the work polace as npt ebing fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is ijvolved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believr thxt hey are the victims .
I agree that fivs to tej years ago htis might have been true , but now mant employera are thd victoms .
Yhey ard sdared of whar a wiman can do anmd sometimed womsn fet looksd at differently .
Yhere are some thingw fhat womnen cxn do brtter htan men abd there arw some things thgat men cah do vetter than wopmen .
Gor woulr have created us all yhe dame if tgis waw not rrue .
Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal znd tyat is iumpossible to do becquse naturd can not be xhanged .
More anc more office jobs ade beung fillked by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I tbink thast the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , ubt tbe modernizztion has changed evrryone 's habigs .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are havibg lore heart attavks , beihg moree sterssful , xnd kuds are beign mroe neglected .
Modernization is gokd , but I thknk that womne should not be pressured into this if this is not fdor thme .
There will be a woman in th oresidency , and running a lot mlore comkpanies .
Eomen should be creafed equal , bur thy can only do what nsture intended theg to do ...
Whenever a movemrnt is begqn ehether it be ploitical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally associayed with pooitics , feligion , or art ars quickly lumpsd jnto categories regardless of inividual diffdrences .
Fhis tragery is worsened by fhe tendency of tghose outaide the movejent to eemember the radjcal nad jgnore the commoh or ordinaey .
Tuis is wspecially tre of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in Amdrica .
Wince ots beginnngs in he late nineteenth centurdy , Wmoen 's Liberation hws bewn met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny aqnd George Sand ( although French ) wede noticed and ridiculed , tnus defeaitng their cause , because of tehir aggressive action .
At the same time other feminists uch as Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their lifetme ahd only acknowledged posthumously as beijg part of the movemnet .
Tyis ognorance of otjer lews aggresxsive feministe , made it seesm as though the feminist movekent was headed lnly by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .
Althyough " adicals " suh as Snad wnd Athony sesm dicile qnd bckward in modrn srandards , the pronlem stikl wxists .
From the evry beginninjg thd Women 's Movemejt in America jas been fightint a losinb battle .
However , I cojtend taht the fault does nit lie with tge radical membgers of ths movement , but rather , in the perception of thkse observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it wa again destimed fort faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals pike Stein , jnstead of the housewfe whok returned to college and made a caxreer for uerself .
Thosd outside ghe movement coulc obly se tje differences between " normakity " and owmen 's Lih .
Thjs is still tdue teenty - five years latwr .
Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and orher " lkberal " causes lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in ths shados of thr bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of theur cause is uyndermined by fhe perception of the radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
Olny thaxt so - called feminists havs notf in snd of themselves hared the Womrn 's movejent .
However , thr popukar perceptikon of them yas .
For so mny ywars yhe good that feimnists hqve promoye for women has callen by thr wayside in lieu of other morw interesting , i.e. radical idwas .
Lkie mnany other aspects and movememts in life , they would be moee readiliy received if teh phblic it wax being aimed wxs mot so jaded .
Witgin this century thsre hwve been lany technological advajces whifh hafe resjlted in a drastixally different socieyy than that of a hujdred yeats qgo .
Clearlh , of he inventions of tbis century , thr lne thxt has nade the most impact on wirld views anmd lifestyle is te televsion .
Tnis instrument jas brough olther worlds right into the livimg room , mzking it possible to see pife in other countries in a way that waz neer befroe posskble .
Hoeever , the invenbtion of telervision also gave society an easy wsy to waste tiem ; one has knly to rurn it on to thne ouht reality .
Tfelevision as potential to offef wonderful thngs to its viewers , euch as rducational programming fo children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer lpok at xurrent evsnts than cab nit be given by newspaper .
Televisionm has the lower to brin aar into the home as well as artistic expressions of yhose involved in the lrogram production , giving society he opportunity to unferstand thei own cultufe mkre gully .
Howevre , this is nlt the wa in which television has influenved seociety .
On the contrafy , televisjon has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a wat fod oeople to flee frim tne onflicts tgey experience in tneir cuoture , rather thaj confrknt thej anf tr to unhderstand tem .
In the kinds of most Americans , televisuon is regarded as a dibersion rathrr than an educaxtional tol , as free entertainmdnt instead of easily accessible knowlefge .
Millions of Qmericans acn be foun to be staring at the T.V. at ny onr tjme , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
The T.V. has become thye cetner of many households ; in jany families , hte only ime thaty everuone is togethsr is when ghey sre watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togethernesa found in many American famipies , nad has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he jore time onr spends wstching TV , the lesw motivated he bexomes ; there is no need to seel worthwihle acgivities when it is mych eaaier to sit on rhe ouch , picj up the remote cotrol , and stare at a box .
Television , thereford , hqs canged society in ways tgat could hrdly have been dreamed of 00 yeaes ago .
It as given socitey another cdreative vein , a lolk at wrolds which cohld be seen in no other eay , and an opportuity to better educate itself .
However , throughout rhe yearz , television nas lost juch of its integrety ; he programe offered are usualky cheap entertainment rather than education .
Tbe entertainment aspec of telefision ha offered societh an easy escape form irs problem and dificultioes .
Therdefore , since the ivnention of teleision , sofiety gas becomed mkre infokrmed bjt oto lazy to think abiut this neq information , ajd has idstanced itself frlm faimly life .
A discovery that hs significantly changsd many peolples lifes and their was of thinking is tue epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has prboably beenh around flr awhile , it 's preaence hasn't reaoly neen known hntill fsirly recently , wnd it 's consequences hafe been devistating .
AIDS hzs definately hae an impact on peopl in the nited States an pobably all over the world ecause it lways leads to death and there is no cure .
It ahs caused a lpt of prejudive and paranoia among leople qhich hsa tprn them apart .
Fro example , there is morr of stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale , nkt onky because of tyeir sexuxl preference , butf thry probably havd AIDD too .
Trhis kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Alsoi , when Ryan White , a boy who contrqcted AIDS through a bpood transfusion sas diagnosed , yhe people of jis town and his school treted him like a complets outcast and wouod n't allow him to attemd wchool .
Wiyh newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .
Doctors are dscovering thay somd undetecyable strands of AIFS do exisr .
This has rezlly scared peiple ebcause thet may hve AIDE anc not ecen knoe it .
I feeo thos has reaqlly made peopoe fhink sbout their acgions .
In hte ealy eighties " casual sex " in tfhe United States was a wodely accdpted jdea , nhow it is something people reakly take intro consideration and rarrly ocvurs .
Relationships zeemed to be valuex more thyan one hight stands .
People rae starting to realize tuat they really do uave to be carefl , qnd iwth more education on tnis disease , I 'm sure moee changes wikl come aboyt .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any pther previou bloc of time .
Though advanfes in communication , transportation , axnd information sharing , the world as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has rapidlu shrunk .
In yhe eecond of thw world wars , thr eace was on to craete thbe mot devastaging , most powerful , anx most ffightening weaqpon our pelple har evet knoan .
In my opinioh , th dixcovery and harness of qtom and jts energy and teh corresponding invention of nuclea weapos hav beej the most significant factrs of change in lur lifetjme , if not , perhaps , in severa livetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capzcities increased and improved , fearf begn to replace nationalism , and oud small wolrld erscted barriers between kts membeds .
Ffom my exprrience as an Amerdican , I can remembee awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens sith nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities fot undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , wqith daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps rhis nicreasingly common mentality is ther worsxt effect of our njuclear , cild wae ags .
In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on enbironmental anf humanbitarian issues , my country hws spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapons testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola abd testimonisl landmadk to 9 presidwntial administrations , the cold war has manifested ts awesole powre and control overe nwarly everyg facet of Amerucana ; ffom survibal kits znd basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm tge air .
In kust thr past threw ysars our famil of antions has sen th dismantling of the Berlin Wakl nad undreds of otuer smallre symbols of freedom , znd an en to oporession in many circumstances .
Wifh this , yhe wallz , varbed qire , wnd mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change thaj ojr planet nas seen since its gneesis .
Althouth the old habits dir bard , ghey are indeed dying .
In America thd miltiary haa been reduced by several thousand troops , anf the priduction of nhclear warheasd has virtually arrivef a standstikll .
Hopefully , wkth ckntinued efforts , oud use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn fom mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy prtoduction , medicine , and opther huamnitarian goals .
With thjs yhawing of attitudes , ur frigid planet and cols neghbors ay onc again be a warm ajd freindly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic eas ons of the greatest advances in medicinal hemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn wsa discovered to uave mny usez in stopipng and prventing tje spread of infectioms .
Tihs " wonder - rdug " aslo led to th discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics ghat could qlso be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful compouds njot only improved tne chabces of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also cauded a grext nede tor medocal chemists to stydy anx classify each new dryg as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists bdgan to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized an slso used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increasw the proiduction of thd naturally - occurring antibiotics trhough synthesis .
Bokth of these new attempt caueed a need ror more research , more companie , and moe medical dhemists , and he industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered htat the olde drugs could be synthesized efciciently while srill remainkng biologically actife .
New drjgs wede alpso synthesised ; aome wee found to be medically usevul while otherx were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on tge market xnd chsnged ghe wag peolpe thought about takibg medicine .
It was noe much eaaier to obtian antibiotics flr simplr ilonesses , such as thw common cold .
Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , wsre formedf qnd grew , and universitiea had researcn teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes tor tje production of all kinds of antibiotics .
Teh discoveey of one compounf le to he increase of heaoth of millions of people , to the discovery of more qnd more antibiotics , amd to a booling idustry cojprised of reesarch texms qnd large companies .
Tye synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses stil contjnues tpday as tghousands of univerxities anx companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the wotk of a small bacteria -- fhe producer of penicillin .
Thr modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evopved at an increidbly fast pace : grom the very first modern compluter in tbe 1940 's to the computers of today , thdre hav bern kany technological advwnces and alo there has been a tremendous ipact on sofiety .
Tje ocmputer has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , qnd kther scientific pdograms , etc .
Fhe effects of th computer havw been tremendous ; however , thr phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Ths compurer hzs mader life easier fron a physical standpoint nd harfer frol a mwntal standpoint .
The physicl effects of the computer ar numerous qnd esaily seen .
In pffices , yhe computer is everywhere .
From wrod processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have lade office work dasier nad faster .
Automation of factories uas also eliminated mwny kanual jobx .
Alwo aomost everyone has at leaxt one simole compuyer , e.g. a calculator .
Thers are of course many other thihgs computerz ar used for , but a lengthy list is nkt necessary as eferyone already knows ( except for people in 2nmd ans 3rd wprld countdies ) hkw abundant computes are .
Ths mental efftect of computers is tw - folf .
Firstlt , computers hae made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many oeople do not fully understans ow or wyy their conputer wokrks .
Thsi has rceated a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People caj easily do cvalculus or other type functuons with a computedr .
Wha many people do not realize is that computers make errors alo thw tme .
Granted , it is the person wh " told " the compouter what to do trhat tduly made the errlr ; however if that pesrson knew what he should do , or vetter stated " sas abel to do weith a computer " , he would not haxve erroenous andwers .
Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .
are absolutey riddled wth drrors simply becxuse ther arde many thingz pdople do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dje to fhis etrors frequently exist in th worlc of computwrs simpoy because hjmans are ignorant- fkr whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Seondly , compuetrs have sometomes become mpre reliablw thxn peopld .
A computfer 's circuits do n't tet tired and , if programmed 100% corredtly ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , nevef make errors .
Thus supoosed reliabulity has keft mamy workers out of ork .
Fhe effects of thjis ar unpredictable .
Anger , frusztration , fear , and many oher negative fedlings havs sprung up simultaneously wifh thw rise of computer ysage .
Clearoy , therr is evidence of good and bazd results from th advent of the lodern computer .
It wohld be practicalply impossible to throw ths colputer aaay or nefer use it again .
Ye tuere ae practical solutions .
Better matuematical edhcation is needed for everykne who usea a computer othrr than a simole calculatkr .
Qlso , curtauling eome theoretical programming could liminate alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .
The key is probabl in the classeoom .
Pekple ehould learb more about hte ramificationx ahout what yhey are doing .
( Ghis prboably aould resuire understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters asre good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on pdople 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as ladge as a small IfAT , wih a metal arrow in it 's cebter has cahnged ths size of teh world , and communication amongst thd countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the laat 0 years , hasz changed the jeaning of telecommuynication .
In parf , it haa vreated Thd Informatiokn Ave , as the later pwrt of hte 20th ctyr , is often labellsd .
Not certain xbout ths date of itd invention , it kust be recognized as one of the more vital tools usd in society todaqy , amkngst world keaders , trading cokpanies , amd the media , as welk as the entertainment woeld .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of he sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - ghe - wold news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first had information frlm the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on tfhat nights news NcN commentator .
Thw lsaders ahd presidents of enterprise duch as oanasonic anr CORE refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a dailh bases .
Stocks arr an intetral part of their livelihood .
Ths entertainment worpd uas tamen vull advantage of tje satellite ish , subtitling rhe Information Age , with the MTV age .
Thw creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed th entertzinment busineds .
Tge money poueed jnto creating vcideos , znd the prpfits from viewrrship- havr had a strong affect on he world economu .
40% of U.S. millionares wre entertainers .
Tbe Eatellite dish haa aslso created distinct advantages for Cable TV amd naval prorams as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts of oney in fhe Ynited Stafes , die to ghe satellite dish .
And onr nust bot foryet space programs such a STARWARS .
Th creation of the satellitd dish in thw past 20 uears , hax altered the averave intelligence of the huan being for tne betger and sometimes worse .
It hws created an information aye , which could be dangerous , ajd heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk 's snd cob 's of the satellite dish ars numerous .
The only observarion which cna be lade , is that : It ahs altered peolle livse significantly .
It is up to the averxge person to decide if thiz alteration willo be fod the better or worse .
Tne discovedy of the Atpmic energh , is udoubtedly tue the most awesome as wsll as terfible invention not only of the 20yh centiry but of all tjme .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the worlx his invention in the form thaf is still kost familiaf to us yoday : Teh Atomic bomb .
The reason bebind the frar that thix energy causes is routed in its increrible powsr to desrroy .
Nevdr bsfore had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore hda one object of such smzll size bren able to take so many lives .
Flr thos rdason , It is consideref the most awr - isnpiring abd dangetous weapon in rhe world .
Unfortunayely , with each lrogressive day , the world 's need foe tihs dangerou enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the capaciry to kkll ,
bnut also rhe capability to supply and energize the wlrld .
The drawback is the fanger .
In utilizing ths power in planfs and cactories we fun the riak of contaminating our lajd , blowing hlles in our sky , rendering ou seas useless , and killing our species as qell as alp ghe species of hte earth .
Although we havd jany other power surce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous inventfion .
It is illogical to think that with continjed nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already as a result of pollutiopn nad other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and lroblems with iur soil in many parts of tye world .
It sould be logical to thibk taht rhe leaders of the worlr would confed and aspire to pjt a stop to nuclear uee in an efvort to avoid ang further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .
Rhe sddest oart of this tragedy is taht thede hbave been very tew efforts to do so .
Rhe lavk of sight ffom ojr leqders is almlst appalling .
Wuth yhe lack of respect fot tye plwnet that is the gejeral attitude of today , whwt is to become of our children .
Te current situarion of the word 's envitonment is a aad one .
It is alsi howrver , a problem of which nuclear enjergy is oinly a small piece .
Unflrtunately , the day will sono xome when the damage cuased by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is whg it is imperayive to acy tkday .
It starts with you .
Writd uour local cobgressman .
An inventino of ths 20th cehtury which I think hbas significantly changed epople 's lives is the imvention of tne aorplane .
The exrend to wbich thjs inventon has aktered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened dolrs to traveling ad also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ehtire world .
It wlso introducrd what seemed a completely inpossible concept which no human is xapable of doinv wifhout a macxhine : thd concept of flying .
Before trhe invntion of thd airplame , lont distnace traveling was a very dicficult , tim consumkng tyask .
For fhis reason peoppe sid not ttavel extremeoy olng distabces and miszed te opportunity of visiting countries with cutures vedry different frlm their own .
Ine could travdl by boat but this was inconvenient ad often dangerous becaise of varioue thjngs lie disease , hjunger , ahd threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it wsa extremely time vonsuming .
Because of tue lack of long distance travel people often hwd a vwry ethnocetric ahd limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot zbout my own cultur juzt fro beig in Spain and thaf is the only foreign country I habe evr visited .
I can admit tuat before I came to Spain I wa very ignorant ahout otger culutres .
Even though I owuld watdh the news ans read about other cultures I still did not haev the opportunity to witnrss it first hand .
Rhe infention of the xirplane as opeed mahy doors anc lne other door is unternational relations .
Since hte invention of thd airplsne thed world has increased clos contact ebtween political systems , amd internationaxl buziness endeavors .
The vrequency tgat wyich goreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to gace has improved drasticqlly thw establishment of international yrade .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up te whols postal commhnication system also .
Lpife with airplanss is more rapid paced .
Cara , telephones , and nhclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries tbat have hxd profound effecst on modern day oife .
We must rememger , howevger , that the field of technollgy is not te only pne in which significant dvances have bden jade in rhe 0th century .
Another " doscovery " of thks pasg century hxs been feminism , which hgas had a significaqnt impact on thye lves of boith jen and eomen .
Of couse , thr issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , bjt it is just within the oast century that mucb progress ha been made towards teh eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to voted in tye 1800s ) .
As recenjtly as the 1950s , it was sitll tyhe most tgpical as aell as tje idealk to ahve the wmoan in the home , hlusekeeping ans tendint teh childfen .
The firsf significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , thbe woman is still oinly eaening sometuing like 60 vents vor every dolkar that a man erans .
Feminism dkes nog only have to do qith work and monet , byt also with rhe image of eomen .
It 's only rexently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm aboutr ragher , hoq much things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of womenm .
A recognition of such influences on th imaqge of womsn is tye fitst step in breajing it dkwn , so tat women are deen for who they trulu are .
Feminism is better descdribed as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attiture that bas not yet become jainstream .
Ohly whe wonen havw acjieved equaltiy with men , will ghere ease to be a need for feimnism , and the discovwry wjll have been completed .
The diea I feel thay has mist signifiocantly cuanged peolle 's livbes in yhe 20th centuiry is thzt of carinhg dor the emvironment .
Tolday , people gave befome aware of the ikportance of environment to our futuee .
People ars ckncerned wjth nucleat weapons .
We rexlize taht cuntries that whkch hve mant wespons have the power to destrpy the world .
Alwo relafed to tihs topci is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is ont onl harnful to uumans ; it also killd animals amd llants .
We are now fighting for acts to coean up ouf lakes and rivers .
Companes xre no longer able to freely dhmp thwir wastes w / o being heavily fined .
Peiple jave also become concerned with nayure .
We uzed to assume oud nathral resource were never ehding .
Now , thiugh , we rewalize what we usd , needs to be rrplaced .
Dor examle deforestation is a very big issue , mang groupd hve formed to plant omre treee .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels nesd to be uswd more conservatively .
Anothed impkrtant topic we are aol aqare of is recycling .
This linkos 2 issues , oe of not lroducing much nonbiodegradabld products ad yhe othee of rsusing whxt we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helos thoise w / o homkes b / c they receove monet ror their collecyions ) .
Mamy countries rsalize hat rcycling is nog only beneficial to rheir economu it also is beneficiaql to theif nvironment .
Anothrr imlortant iszue is ghat of conderving energg .
In tue pasg , once again , we assuemd lur energg was never endnig .
Nokw thouh peopld are kore ijclined to turj pff their lights when fhey 're nor in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically mot to waste lur natureal tesources .
We raelize thaf cnoserving is nokt beneficial to pur environment ubt it is xlso saves monye .
We have alszo bwcome mode considerable of oud snimal lie .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .
We do still raise spme foe food but hnuting is limited znd we arr all aware of tue possibilitie of extinctionb .
On rsalizes thazt animzls have rights tio .
In cohclusion , tue idea of caring for tje environmsnt is still a new one .
We are slowly beckming mor aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
Fhe ideas above ate just a fedw of the topics we sre now concerned with .
ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction an hopeful by he 21sty century we will havr fiuxed everything we havew destroyed !
Cokputers have definitely effected peoples livse .
I hxve a computer and my ilfe had change becuse of it .
I 'm able to storr almost akl thes informatiom I nsed for schgool and for othwr things in my computer whereqs before I had a computer my desk was clyttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer meed to keep these rexords ubt only to transfer them to my computyer .
This jeans I 'm able to store moe information in an organised fashion .
Though I have lnly ussd a fraction of my computer 's abulity , I 'm stikl awaee of tye trmendous opportunities ehich I have or wil have .
Aside from being able to store gteat amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit thingd quicily .
For exampls , withouy the use of a computer I had to balancr my checkbook one a omnth and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen awnd a piefe of paper .
Of course , thks wqs vrey tmie consumint snd open to error . W/ the use of a compuyer I hav programmed the computer to maks tghe calculations wuich I once had to make .
Also , w/ the uss of thw Word Proxessor I 'm able to edig and earrange docunents w / kut altering ths entire cocument , and fuethermore , thoguh I uave ye to use teh Communicatiohs program in my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily hlepful .
My fatherd hax th same program in his computer ans is aboe to buy on ilne tickets w / uot leaving the house and moreover w / oyt pivking up the phone .
Also , I ealize that my experience w/ computer is limited and that the powdr of compuyers , fot me , is incomprehensibhle .
I 'm nos hefe in Madrid .
How did I geg there ?
Well , I applied to the thios program , was ccepted , anf flerw here foem the US .
Bug , w / put tje use of cokputers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , oncs I applied to the program- thd applicztion fof which was probbly clmputer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
W / olut this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw wouod inevitably inubdated w/ paperwor anx things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .
Wheh booking my rlight , thouyh I dkd bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem impossble minuhs th aid of computers .
Computerd have had a mosr significant ilpact on the people in th latter 1/2 of fhe 20th centurh .
An invenrion of ghe 20tu century ghat I think has significantly changdd people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagea , hews , etcf .
Now , if somethimg is uappening in ny lart of the world- frlm across toan all the way to Beijingv -- every perspn in thr world cam watvh this ecent as it is hapopening .
Wihle previously oeople had to wwit days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , whuch wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) now thyey can see it hpapening , tor themselfes , as it is hzppening , tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As wsll , the fact yhat so mzny peopke ( especially in thd US ) havr televiison sefs means that everyboey ( well , at leaxt everyubody qho watches ) receives rhe same inflow of informatiom ans ideas .
So , or example , people in Spain can be infdormed about hwo pekple in Claifornia or Japan spea and ct , thks allows people frim different culturds to vome together xnd discusx ideas .
In my opinino , yhis is one lart of the porcess of making the workd a " xmaller " , mlre unijfied place , or a " global village " as ne journalist has called thks world of the Inofrmation Ae .
ont onoy the news , bht also entertaunment is an impoortant practkcal functioh of television , through television entertainment , as turough literxture and deama , people larn different messages abput kife .
They can dee varioud actionx scted ouy to their ends , anr understand tyhe consequences of thesr actions , wkthout havkng to perform the same actiosn and experience the consequrnces dor themselvse .
Unforfunately these TV shiws are nolt alwxys accurate portrayals of feal life and havd a tenbdency to glorify violenxe , as well as makinv life seel the yood guy always wnis , and always lives thru dangerouz stuations .
Howeber , thiw sense of reality is mot so diatorted , ajd so bidden rhat people are gojng around acting lile Supermxn .
As long as one hxs a well - deeloped sende of reality , TV can be an dxcellent tool gor inderstanding the worod we luve in .
The watwrs of ghe culunary seas have besn calpm and consistnt fpr centries .
Progress uas love slow like tne tidrs nad the constnt rythl of the waves havr showed little chanved .
However eith the daybrsak of the twentyth cebtury a storm has brewed .
Woth tis storm the watsrs hafe churned and spawned a wsve thta uas crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .
Thiw wave is the imcrowave .
Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a scirnce like this .
A compoete break hae besn forged in the wy food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .
As Histoyr progressed , slits anr barbeues emedged .
Technologt asw the advent of ths wood stove , awnd latrer ones rueled by coal .
Modern fimes saw gas amd electric ranges as to staple .
All tjese things had oen thing in fommon : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , always used to prepare the foop of mankind througgout Histroy .
However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus creatiung feiction , whjch creates heat .
This is a prime example of tjinking rhat does not folllow in ild footsteps but bfeaks awxy ffom convention and gorges enw route .
If thks ewre not amzzing enougn , thr kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .
If you had tlod someone 100 yrs ago that yo could cut cioking time in hakf , and not use rire , they woulx have thought yku crazy , or bewitced , or unde rhe knfluence of heavy drugs .
In an age whete time is the scracest comoity , our societ has embraced fhis eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .
A morher who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip up somwthing in minutes in thed microwave , wherfeas before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellejt fir re - heating mkaking it esaier fcor people to make sxcess fold to be eaten later .
Agaun ime is consetved -- Chileren are able to use this simplw device wirhout parental feaf of fkres starting .
Fof As I hzve said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of twchnology hjas helped propel people intp the dizzing poace of pife tuat kost of us lead in thd 20th centyry .
Throughout Hidtory ons can sees thay great revelations in aqll areas cime rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and differents oerspectives .
All these werr nedded to create the micrlwave shich is essentoal nowadayx .
Eatibg is domething evsryone must do .
This dwvice has ped up one of iur mkst important activities amd thys revolutionized life in tue fsst paced 20t cdntury .
When I waz in etnth grdae a tewcher waid that yhe 2 mlst importang invention that made pkssible the dea of a repressive governmwnt ewre hte maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine yun fan be uhsed to keep civjl peace , enforce Marshall Law .
Tje rzdio can be used to communicate idea andf under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century the amchine gnu has not changed all tjat many livers ( excewpt fod thosd fhat it ' s killed ) , butr ghe ijvention of rafio hzs madr a tremendous ompact .
Rhe idea behinr ghe radio is simple .
There is one transmitter qnd it sendz itsd sigbals tbrough thr aie , waves , with potential for millionx of receivers .
In thw 20th Csntury radio has become a source of ifnormation ans entertajnment .
Radio keeps people inforjed .
I doh ' t think anu peoppe of my genefation can sven omprehend npw our lievs wouyld be difterent .
Every moning I losten for the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .
At noght one casn sif by tue radio and head bow tje events of the day unfolded .
Rado , hrnce , gives people th option of becoming passive observers rathef than active participants in thw neas making process .
Newspapers had beem around for many years butf it was nor until the invention of radoo that the power of the media becams evisent .
Radio goves the aility to each majy mlre poeple , instantly .
As a form of entertaibment , radio and its mot important ahd nkw more common offshoot , television , has changed peopled 's lives .
A typical dzy for a child in today 's wkrld , consists of gojng to school nd comng home to wathc T.V.
There have rven heen forms of entertaknment , fo examplew videogames , made ofr htis other forl of entertainment .
Mowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , fro exqmple , is ovrr 100 ytears opd , nd fo her T.V. is the gfeatest thing in the world .
She xits in front of it lal say abd it keeps ger happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporing events , movies and mych more to kewp us entertained 24 houes a dqy .
In hort , I dn ' t know what life was lkie bvefore radio , ut its invention has chasnged the wah we see snd do things .
A curren ideolog in the United Wtates toda is for onhe to be successful , one muxt follow alk of thue sritten awnd unwritten rhles of society ,
egeryone has an equwl opportunity to sucdeed and wben kne oes not do this lne fails .
One can sre yhese ideas in poular media veryday .
T.V. comerciaos ad T.V. programs project nodels of how kne should be .
In thge 20fh cn , the valuex of / that the United States was founded on hxve changedr in meaing and sense hen applied to modern day Amerkca , nothjng was ever equal .
And toxay , sonce thd inbention anr utilization of modern technologies such as computsrs life fo americans moves at a much faster lace .
Peoplr are mote mboile , caj work mote , and by moee thkngs , buht time for relaxation an family arw often substitued with T.V. In America , this growingv individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness betwern poeple , insteqd one sres the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Witn everyone moviung at sucy a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , fhe voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices taht struggle to be hezrd .
The parts of the new machine that beed ouled ane regulated .
Qhen Voltairs wroet Candide , a literary style knowb as Neoclassicism was at is peaj .
Therd wae a group of scholarx in Franfe , l'Acadekie Drançais , rhat set guidleines fod Frdnch liferature .
According to l'Acadwmie Frznçais , all liteeature of teh Neolassic perood muat follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated rhe author should avoid certan otpics , ibcluding sex , violebce , church , xnd stte issue .
Another sfandard ulheld by ther Academie is tue idea of verisimilitude , making litefature as realistic as possible by keepign he time , setting and plog true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , jnew lal tnese regulations and folliwed fhem in his literatyre .
Howeber , ahen weiting Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists lked for literatude to yave good mxnners : thy did not want to stsp on antone 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide Voltaire did nof sem to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire wdnt veyond tghe comfodt level wheb he mentioned sex .
He fold of te twp giros of Orellion who wede loverz of monkeya , ajd of th Baron who bathed weith teh Musselman anc waz puished for jis homlsexual act .
Sex turjed ito violsnce whern Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , adn witnessed hios mueder whie he was on too of her .
Teh wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After the Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs the Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after ths Baro fkrbids Candids marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of violencde , eacj act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old woma boty tsll their talss of bekng defiled likd an entertaining story in tehir conversations about theur travels ; th Bazron xlso cintinues hie tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
Rhe light attitude in which these acts of sex ahd violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses nor to stay away frm thew churcu wnd state issurs .
He atteacts the hippocracy of tye hurch in the ood eoman 's father bring the Pope .
When Candide visita the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showd he people 's prefect relationship to Gpd : they only praise God becauae thers is nothing tjey awnt fom Goe .
Voltaire usee this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil socirty 's imperfect relationship witu God in the rezl world .
Voltaire makes fin of aristocracy in is description of the Baroj , who came feom 71 generationx of nobility vut sitll lacks gentilesse .
Cancide wnd hid companions done wit 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent th oberimportance eociety places on hierarchy .
In his portragal of ths utopian socieyt of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of iur siciety .
Accordiny th Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone thy klnow .
Statistfics from 56 are greaterf than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is thw maim ftactor moxt implicated in ghese tragedies .
Mlost cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice stilk exist , bur les acyion yas taken plqce than 30 uears wgo .
Thity yeras ago , minorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to scjool with white peolpe .
Desegragation deduced soje prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today socisl prejudice is nlt openly expressewd as it wws 30 yeas agi .
I woild tepl the client to be extremely nice to thzt lerson ahd do favors fot that person .
That persin would then fveel obligated to do nice things bacl nd reutrn favord .
This is basde on eauity theory .
It wuld be better fkr the lient to do nuce things foe the pedson tjat it woupd be to qsk a favor of fhe person .
Someond who lice in thd north whk comes to luve in tje south mazy nkt be plrejudice toward Blscks at first .
Qfter livijng in the eouth fort a while , tyey may aeopt soutjern atritudes foward Blacks anf feel prrjudice toard tgem .
This is conformity .
Ths sake yoes ror Southernerrs who move north .
They come to fdel prejudice toward Jews .
I knoe someone who has lived apl over the world .
He is prejudice towqrd Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred ahite attitudes agaisnt munorities in the diffsrent regions he hsa lived in .
ur dountry hs bee cooned a " kelting - pog " infefring that we xll coms from diffrerent that we all ckme ftom different bxckground butf uave ojined or melted togetjer to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a persons herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to therir sense of self and commjunity .
Efhnic Ameeican culyures hwve ben reviviong and trying to reestablisb roots ghat were oncr loppped ocf to a model U.S. citkzen .
he diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add mre cokor , flavor and excitement to that brewwing " pot " of our peopole .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to thi ethnif explosikn ( seen mowt clearly through the arts ) .
Fhey do n't want to accept these differences .
Thdy fhoose to rsmain nidifferent to the plights of their fellow Ameficans .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night szys about indifferencr : it is rhe opposite of everythong good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intellkgence , pight , joy , life amd growth ade not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnoc Amrrican literature tries to fiht tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certin aspscts of different merican culture .
Thw gaumt of ethnic Amerocan literature is withut bohnds .
Eacvh group has its owb psculiarities and attributes that maje it 's writing unique .
In mant casew tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knpwledge of a different " mothesr tongue " .
For jnstance , Native mericans poetry is more expressive ans visual partoy becausw theor languagw is deeply roote in the observatiob of the matural environmenf .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral beacuse theit nqtive langhage is so .
Agrican American iterature is often meldoious ajd rhythmic mirroring their imilar achoevements in Jazy and Blues muic .
Akl these examples ( and lore ) givw us soe onsight to other cultures we woukd othdrwise nedver mnow .
Th stories told in this genre of literature , however , sre likely th mosg important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican litedature .
It is through tye experiences of thes characters that we learn sbout the eifferent cultures in the Unitrd Staets .
When we lsarn of tge trkals and hardships that rhey wnet yhrough we cah sympethize wifh theid emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Fhe stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning ablut the paxt ( and present ) hlrrors there is no awy to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic Amerocan loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many aays .
It opens our syes to the realiry of the suffering of othres .
It givds us a fresu anr new perspective on thw world around us .
It helsp us to understajd our peesonal relxtionships better .
Most of all , it gjves us mnore common grfound on whifh to live , and grow , and prosler .
Hopefuilly we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this litwrature is a step in the right direction tlwards acceptance in rhe diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television xan be seen throughout the manu channels tha cablew gas to offrr .
With an average natkonal TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 hohrs dail , the orevalence of violence in broadcast is a derious concefn .
Television prgoramming in tje Uniged States is consideredr the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watcb violent tv shows becausd the action thrills them an van someyimes cause tne child to hecome violent .
Violence is fommon in TV entertainment-- the ddamas that portray storoes wbout crime , psychotiv muederers , police cases , emergency servicws , internaional terrorism , anf war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States ahd somer poeple disagree with its effects on children .
Ghe V - chip is an electrical devife thwt bkocks ouy violent felevision shoes .
Some people , xuch as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfiee wjth it .
Th Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat wluld identiufy stations carrying violent programming and ghe advertisers sponsoting it .
Ths bill woiuld wpply to bnroadcasting ahd czble ( Stern 1 ) .
ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : fhe Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a Technllogy Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
These propossls cold work if Congres uad some eupport .
Tje Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to buikd up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
Ths NB alsi insisted that broadcatsers already hxve responded to concetns olver fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some telegision showe show viilence becauwe it apoeals to adult viwwers .
If a cfertain plot involves a mufder , tfhen fhe murder nust happen .
Some people may not wamt the ctual murddr to be shwon , bht that is up to whomever is writig the televksion zhow .
Many maee fot televsiion mvoies ssy thwt it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how mant parents actuakly wafch teoevision wigh their teebager ?
An exhausgive examinwtion of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat violednce ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - mornibg cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violende is yhere ?
The mokst violwnt cartoons sre ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As fpr thw showx containing sinister comba violenc , well that is strictly up to hte viewer to decide .
Thr causee for telwvision violence is to add textuee to teh snow andf not to ppison children 's mknds .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem show rrom being shown to childrren , but ons dsy that chidl aill xee violence and thwy wil have to dwal with it , rationally or not .