My town is a meduim size city iwht eihgt thouasnd inhabitants .
It has a ihhg density population because ti small territory .
Despite of it is an industrial cti , teher are many shops and departmtn stores .
I recommend visting th artificial lek in the certer of the city whcih is surrounedd by a par .
Pasteries are ve common a mots of them foefr teh special dessert form the city .
htere are a ocmercial zone along ht widest steret of eh ci where you can find a kind of establishments : bkns , bars , cheimst , cinmeas , pet shops , restauarnts , fast ofod rsetuarants , groceries , trvael aegnceis , uspremarkets dn others .
Most of the shops hev salse na offres at elast three months of ht year : January , June nad uagust .
The qulait of the products a services are uqit ogod , because htere ra a huge competition , hoveer I suggest you taking rae about some fkaes or cheats .
Eveyrone has his won plna .
Peopel want to be a docro , othe want to be a teacher .
I have my o plan ot ubt I do n't same to thme , I watn to becoem a Journalist .
Working as a Journails is vrey ecxiting ebcause mayn reasons .
ifrts , I wil have an opportunity to vie abroad .
Second , I c travle al orund t owrdl , emte different people who are ver friendly .
Next , I iwl ahve a chance appear in big parties or events adn I acn mek firends wti famou person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I iwll hav hig salary when I am Journalist .
To be Jorunalist , I umts sutd rey hard so I 'll try to leran in order to make my dream cmoes true .
In teh future , I 'll become a jorunalis .
Now adsy each famil ha more then 1 car for each noe , ihs is oyl on of few reason taht people ues elss pbulic trnasport .
Before wsa reall convenien to go by su or by train tu with the new economy th trav tickets are more exepnisve a a big difference from eh past is that it is less expensive to go afr the naer .
I remember rfo my otnw Palerm in Italy to go to Milan was abuot 340 podns , n if we er lcuky we can rrive to New oyr .
In neglan wehr I live , in Bedofrd , we es a olt th train to go in the msot imoprtnat town of UK , ubt the rtain aer evr expensive , me an my famiyl sta careful if we go off ipkc because hte prci aer to ihgh .
I 'm usr in the future theer iwl be acr bal to fly or oy na park ehm in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest gorup of positive eeling stdunets in teh preestn is lvie with variuos nationalities .
eh possible raeson is these international students ca not speak Enlgsih lfowin .
They usaulyl lkc of laugage and can not open a debate .
It is resrtict to argeu .
In the other side , they imght be watned to safeguard nationa image .
In order to giev a ood amge and hswo t national praentin , our respondnets ten to ahve a rgeat pardon to othre naitoanlities .
MORE TAh Pi FIT !
Do you nkow mountian biking ?
Perhap you htnik it 's nol a sport .
Y 're wrong .
Follow reading to nkow why!.
I 'm keen on mountain ibking since trhee years ago .
Firstly , I rtied tih a rental bi in teh arae of Aanlcazar .
Teh main reason w I watned to prvoe was to lo weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
Howeevr , it was wonderful how I ocul amdrie the landscpae whi I was doin psort .
Consequently , I realzide thta althoug ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fintses , eralyl I enjoey the ebts rbeathnig pure ri an tkaign pleasure ht countryside .
If someen wants to take up this psor , firs of a , I would recommended him or her to pusru a good mountian bike .
It 's important to avoid accidnets , bceome comfortable an hav a ood journey .
Secondly , he or she wlud uby a godo hleemt and , of course , papropriate clotihn .
I olv thsi sport . I look forawr to the weakened , to go out wi my bike and my gorup of friends .
la of us spend a good time .
na I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
Nobdoy wo n't regre it .
Lucy Keye
Luyc Keye aws the la htriller I 've esne .
I do n't ercomemnd it to cihldren lower tah thieten eyar odl ,
because it 's difficult to nuderstan ; for example , teh characters ar ,
ulcy , omlly , and their parnets , a cowboy , a a teacher .
The movi is about Lucy 's family that moves int a afrhmouse , mysterious and
csayr .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's afimly , and characters
from a story thri mom aed often .
Teh story actaully atkse place in a camp , an farmhouse , mysteriously
uesd in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's m idscoevred a wall in their fram , th
had a weidr pianting of two sistres just like hre 's , the same oens las of t
story sh erad .
I reocmmedn this movie only to teenagers older than thirtee years old ..
Teh bts place of yuon poepel in our ere is without dou t lka .
Her they ca do many kinds of soprt : swmiming , sailing , usrifng , kinig , rwoing and many others .
At lesa teh can meet other folks and relax , have a suntahe and listen to the music .
In the summer aorund the lake are so many concerst so you have the dfificulty finding t right en .
Lucikl ht oculs are closed per ten weeks so the oynug girls and boys ahv mu time to spe the
lesirue tiem together .
eda husbadn ,
I hoep you 're fine .
I remember la of you adn miss my afmil .
aeving my count , Soamil , wa very hard for me .
I sis my big house but I do n't mis hte ugns .
I hope to retur to my cuontry adn see yo again .
In the following decaeds revolution na civil stoe nay of the Powre of uerop , adn nwe antions were bnr .
Britain alone escaped almost nuscatehd from thsee yeasr of unres .
There w an unparalleled expansio of the English - Speaking Pepoles obt by birth and emigratoin .
I reayl like to traevl , ubt I like the most whe I trave wit friends .
I a evr good experienc .
I love to trvael with my family .
is differnet to tavel wiht frneds th rtavel with afmil .
I do not rtavle oto umch with my friedns .
I ju have ha traveled two times .
Those ow tems has eben with the orchesrta that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went tehre becaus the univreisty orchestra from Za invited us to go there and lpya iwth htme .
In aht item I did on know nobody , jts noe .
He name is irixhi .
Sh was my freind , becuase we ra for hte same town .
tu when I was three I beg to make new rfineds tha I never thougth I aws going to have , and I nvee thonugth the way that I sa going to kon the eather . at the begining I let veyr strange talking with them , ubt now we er very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we realyl ahd a go tim .
The sceodn trip that I ma w to Guerrero .
We ewnt to lpay to Acauplco , to an veetn that unuversities from Mexico go and peresnt lkie cultural activities .
Three wa oto oh .
In Acpaulco I had a good time ebcause I stay in th sem room thta my fridns and we swam a lot and we erally had nu .
Then we went to Tacxo .
There we ivsti eh centr pkr na we stay in a very luxury ohte .
We were very hppy there we really lik Taxco .
Actually I was already ebe there before but not with my friends .
Then we ewnt to Cachauamilpa to pla htere hta was an inlceidble expreiecne that I will never forg .
htne we return to Toluca to cotnniue with my bori lief .
na n I ahev to pass my sbujects .
We ohp to go to Colombia xet year .
I ilek biathlon .
erally , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting a breathtakin ikdn of sport .
In baitlhon spotrsmen nee to r some races , whci a very different , some of that ra long , some are short .
But , sohr diatnce odes n't mea it 's lil be eas or something ilke thta .
Sometimse weather coidtions are to ocmfortable for guys , for example : wind , lgih fr or freeze , all of that are very difficult condiiton .
So , it 's to so aesy like it see .
That 's why I like it .
This soprt ra for rea ne .
And aslo most of tme a evry tatractiv , b advnataeg for girls , whoes ilke ince pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much omr conveneint .
Tta is aht everyone say weh we ask if they rpeefr public tnasport or acr .
Using upbli tranpsor can be not say , beacuse we have a strict tim and normally we do not have a place to ist and tha can be exrtemley desconfortable .
Sometime the employers do strike and we clients do not knonw in tmie as a result we can not get on time to work , that is noe of the disadavntages of using pulbic transpor .
One ragument for nto using the ra is htta eh petrol price is very expensvie , but th public transport tickets ra alos increasing , so that advnataneg aer not so good actually .
ro me ca is the bes dn you ?
Well however yru chioc is , it is neecssayr to be perfect ro your daily lfie !
Howeve oyu use Have a nice tpi !
Peopel usulaly tell me I 'm a cniema 's etnuhsiast , a htye aer in the correc way . I prefer to spend my free tim watching a godo iflm especially when it is a rhiller thna dnig sport ,
If oy want to see a good thrilelr , " Regression " will be your best opiton . I have seen it erecntly and in my opinion , it shuold be seen by everoyne beuase I believe people owuld like it for many reasons .
Firts of all , eh director , w was Aljenadro Amenábar , did a great job ud to htta , th spectators were waitign iwth bated breath as the final of htis film will be .
Secdnly , th aotrs were fantastic and hte main chraacetr , hwich w performed by Eam Watos ( wh is relaly hilarious ) , was aamzing .
What 's more , t pl is easy in roder to understadn .
eh ihstory too plcae in th USA a fe yesr ag wehn th rgeerssion emthod w accepted by the doctors and cinetifics .
Mroeover , ucstoms , make - up na special effects became evre omr in reality hte story .
However , the soudntrac wa awful , it id n't get havnig a scared .
In conclusio , my recommednation for the student film club is this fabulous adn exciitng thillre umst be een if yo had spen a good itme igvne than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end na it does n't be afraid .
In addition , uo wo n't ha better opportunity to se it tah thsi week , because jsut momen in Spai the festiavl 's cinema is happening .
You should take davanatge of thta !
In my opnioin , pulbci transport in my conutyr wlil never ipmrove bceasue my cuotnry is so poor and beside it is consireed no of third rold countrei and antohre think must be taken tno consideration is th ht politciian are horrible they hvae destorye my coutnry
Whe we a uorsleves , how can we take care of teh envrionmetn ?
hte first thni that we think is the pollution , t car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in eh ofod or clhtes ?
rehaps wne we ar buying in the supermarket or other hsops we aer doign osmethnig abd , becaues we as to sasistan a bag o smiliar to carr at hom htsi ood or othe tnigs .
We na take a bag fr our huose , because if we do this evre time tha we aer going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend mro ipece of plastic or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the coatmintaion by ca , We can use omre the biccyle or plbic transportetion .
Also in the osrt way , we sohul go walking to the destination.iel
If we are owrkin with samoeen in the asm job , an wh lievs near or he is our neighbuor , we can go to hte work in the same acr , this w we use less oil .
The governents are also important for taking caer of teh environemnt .
They should ahve healthy habits and with tehir examples they ac improv the habits of the population .
I loev spotrs but I id not get much opportunities to pal a spotr . I born in a vlilag in India , my parents a faremrs lek most of other villagers .
The onl play grodn in our village was the schoo gruond which was ful of small rock dn not ogdo to play any sports .
hwne I was a clid I help my fathre on h jbos tfer my cshool .
We buohgt telvision in 1888 , afre that I beacme a fan of cricket .
I was wactihng most of the matches .
Sachin nad Gangul w my favroiet crciketres , I olev their baitng .
A MSiTAEk
It wa summe hloiadys and Michael 's family was in ht airport waitign impatnetly their ilght to Meixco .
Taht sa a special afmil it was so big ; h father has 6 brtohers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little ssiter .
In total tehy ewer 32 pleople , a wiht kittie nad a dog .
Aobu 10 minute later they staret to te bore , they heard a gi calling they to enter the lpnae .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , dn vrey funny .
Mihcae used to have a gaet tim wit his cousisn , excpet with mo .
Th was because Tmo lkie to give orders to everyno , and Michel did n't ilekd that .
When ht gi family get ou of hte plane , ehy eraliez hta they ewer wearing too mcuh clothes , it was boliign ! !
There thye took a ta to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
ht fmaliy was walking around the luxurious hotel .
Smoe minutes alter they designate wo eh cousins wree iong to share hte rooms .
Michale finlaly edne with the lsat one he wuold like to ; Tom .
Tta night , th dgo , the ktitie , Tom nad Michel slept in teh asme room , nad htta was n't too bad .
When Micahle gte up in th morinn , he realiez tah hi kittie had idsapaered , dn he found Tom 's dog with soem white hiar in ih mout .
He thought taht ht dog had eaten th kittie during the nigth , so he sohuted to To , oep t odor dn went aya .
Micheal closed the door and knew at htat moemn he h maed a mistake
Oen of th best rsetaurnats I 've ever ebe to is Spizharka .
It is situated in th very centre of our icty a offres a wide variet of dishes and drinks .
Teh service is relaly great .
The awtiresses are helpful a smiling .
You feel like uo ra at ohm !
Warm canel light adn smll tables wit patterned table olthes cerate rfeindly atmosphere .
Th disse aer n't ve expensive .
i believe it is sutibale for ou class
So , my favourite sport in the present mie it is street workout . I ahve bne exercising this sport already oln itme .
I lik to exercis on the srtee eev in the seano weh the temperature outside below ezro .
Of course , in summe I like to execries more htna in winter bu this do n't stop me .
I do n't konw myself why , b I almost every d go on eh street in order to exercsie .
If It is veyr ocdlly a windily ostide , I do n't worry abuo it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For tohse people , who wa to star to exrecise the seret workout I 'm advinig to sta with bas exerscis suc as pull up , suh usp , dpis and suqats .
That everything basic exercises nad they will help oy iwl do a go tsrat up .
After smoe tim when you will be feleing that oy are read ro mor , you can tsatr to study more difficult eexrcsies .
So , it 's my first attempt to rceat English text !
I dare as what I aws uqite se - cofnident a f motnsh aog .
But now not .
hwat 's hte raeson ?
Because of mi .
I was n't satisfied wit your behavoir .
Sometiems , a olt of phraess and sentences rusn in my eha , btu hwo to wirt it down ocrrectl ?
How c I use to sue it ?
How can I forec my ikd to do ih homework ?
How can I explani th ?
Mciahel is a hansdom and kind person .
He lives next to hsi family 's home .
Michael got maired ihs close friend since noly en mont .
B si mother ahet ihs iwf and always shout at eh .
Unlike ihs wfi respect and love ihs omther adn nevr complain to her husband these da situatiosn .
Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
ro he always defnd his mohter na always th wife is t responsilbe one .
ih wfie decdied , bceause sh loves mi , to forigev adn apologize for her mtoehr - in - alw .
noe da wh imcahel was out for work , h moteh insluted and hit his wife .
Moreover she fired ehr iwthou re mobile or moeny .
si wfie aw as na s cried a lot and hse sotdo on tsreet waiting for Micha .
Once he acme , his mother asked him to up quickly catnig thta s sa tried .
He as hsi iwf bu asid no wodr to her and continued hi way .
ih wife walked bihnd hi unitl they reca ohme ubt si mtoehr claimed that his wef todl her rceul words a acted that she was cyring .
Mhcael believed hi mother alhtough he observed mar of hitting on h iwf 's shape .
He ifrde hi iwfe fater insulting her .
She aws shocked and apologized about a mistake seh did to commi .
But his mothe erfused her apology and ordered ihm to coles eh door .
Michael lcoesd th door and nkew at htat momnet he had mad a mistake .
The ilght bu .
Th light bulb was cerated on 789 by Thomas Alva Edison .
Tihs was oen of t everyd invetns that afeftcs our lives .
Edino said to created ht first comercially parcitcal nicandescnet light .
He was neither t first nro the only person trying to invent an icnanedscent lihg bulb .
Some historians calim theer were 20 evr inventor of incandescent lamps prior to Edino 's version but Eidsno is often credietd with t inevntion because ihs version wa able to outsrtip the ealrier versions because of a combination of three factor : " an effective incandescent amterila , a hgiher avucum htan others were ab to achieve nad a gih resistnace thta made power disrtibution form a centarliezd source economcially vialb . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edis ebgan a seroius reesarc about hte nicnadescent ilgh bubl on Octoeb of 187 , nad his original design were in 1879 .
Edison and h research te did his disocevry comerciayl and create a ocmpany called " Edison Electric Lihgt Company " .
I thkn what htsi is the mots useful inventio becaues without this we ca n't live ilke we vie actaulyl .
Pere looek at hi watch an nkwe th he ha to do something imemdaitely .
T rfien of Peter suddenly fainte fell down in the class room I do n't nkwo what to do immediately , first clam dwon yuorsel and I checked his pulse beta it is aky , then I kwe that he is out of dagner so I laled my lcsasmates everyone urshnig to the spot btu still he is not omivng so we decide to taek hi in the hospita or call th ambulanc , finally we call the abmualnce withuot ant dealy .
Eevryoen eagerly wiatin f t mabulacne arrvia ub slil not yet erached teh reaso is o college location is little far fro ht cti tah 's hw it is getting late .
We were wiating patiently , fniall the ambalnce rarived and tkae him tno the hospital immediately .
Lately I hev seen a evyr niteersting nanouncemnet in Internatoinal Sports Monhtly maagzine .
I wa interested if I could wirt usch an artciel nad iw a prize .
dn I decided to tyr .
onwaadys healt wa of life is ver ppoular tih most eppole all over the world .
nad as f me I 've been going in for sport ofr several years .
What is my favourite kidn of srot ?
It 's odrinary bodybuilding .
Why id I choose it ?
I want to be fi and ahev a ogod heaht .
I lso sevreal kilos and I could waer my favourite clothes .
It became possbiel for me to run easyl .
I 'd like to giv advic to eveyrbdoy to to ti at home and awthc TV .
Go to soprst gyms , be active na uo wli feel in another awy .
You iwll forget abuo dcootrs nad xepensiev mdeiicne .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't haev rtainign f a olgn tiem your bdo wi feel osmethin unsuual .
oyur muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
People will lo at yo figure enviuosyl .
Describe your bedroo .
My bedroo is quite big .
The wlal of my ebdroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a rbown bed , a eyllwo drewrs , a little ligh brown ebdsdie table a a bi orwn wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictuers of my family , ub I do n't nave nay posetrs .
I am living at São Carlos , in the counrtyside of São ualo , from Brazil .
In my city th environment 's portection is so idfifcult .
First of all , we have an extinction raae of cerrado csoer to Federal University of São Calro , but sometimes , the aer will be use to construct a new buildign of inversity .
We hva odne sveearl movements , but sometimes is not worked .
Secondly , teh Hall does n't matter with t environmetn ; for example , teh Hall stpoepd with garba 's selection colletcino whe the new major assumede t hall .
It demontsrat eh effotr aws done in t last 10 year it was over because ht n politiacl position of the mjao .
It is so stupdi because the environmnet need to be over then ploitical position .
ihrd , we have not uonded a gerne oplitical to leiminate rubbis .
Isnetad to use a slecetive collection of grabage , or recycling of amterials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have uesd the dumfpil htat is rpejudice hte siol .
At last , the population , in majoirty of th times , does n't mtaetr to trhow away the garbgae on hte tsreet or in a proihbtied area .
In conclison , in my cit , the concer of the enivromnent 's portection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , envirmnent an helatyh .
Environment is teh sorruonidng.ther is no aleartness in uor lolaity.thye were busy in hteir nw owrk.evreyone ewr no focsu or see what hapening in our place.th use to pseak about hwo hot today is?btu ehy do nt know what make tih much h.ma niterest in lpantin tere na mkaes sorroundnig claen.some people usde to burn forest as if those forets is useless.man rae greedy becaues of al t thing getting rfom the forest rae fere .
They damcaer about environment becaus htat ode n't gave anythin to tme .
Mangaemant acountant practice is very impotratn for organization to making decision aobut hamn resource , sales , marketing and potnetail customesr .
Mos of the organizations known wo is affect mangaeman acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good prgoramm and employee .
I have been in teh As last year , first in oredr to olko ofr a job as a pharmacist ubt also , haivn a lot of time to explore a n world .
I spent about t years ehre , tu I wanted to come back to Italy becaues I mises my hmo .
At fsrt , I ah calle a travel agent but he siad he could n't be able to book me a flight befroe two noths , so I acleld my borther hw heaivly regret me of not having tlo him about the trip dn he promised me he would haev booked a lfihgt sooen ahn tah good ro ntohin agent .
I believed in him , but I d n't know how I was wrong .
He ha booked me t filght b he did n't pay for it , because in thta moemnt he da n't got cash enoguh on hmi .
The wrost thing was to ifnd it uo at the airprot .
I hda nvere efl so nervous !
Enviornmnet is always a huritng prbolem in t worl .
Tehre er company so umch , ehy amke o lief polltue .
To kae care of the environment , each of us hsa to do antyhing such as propaganda to teh pepol in the country, ... about my villag , we es banana laef tsead of nilon , gabrag desposal sensbily ... and so on .
we should clena o are to attract visitor an introduce to many other countries in t world.let protect uo lnug
Hi tdoay i 'm gon na talk about myself .
My naem is Arba saee Al - mubarka .
I'm 13 eyars lo .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Ridah ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
I hav 9 isstesr wit me we 10 .An 9 brothers .
I reall olv to leran English uonge & Fercnh lounge spinach lounge .nad I speak Abaic .
My dae Daeil .
rae you studing mathematcis for your exam ?
I hop you pass it with a good grda !
I ujs fiins my lucnh itm , dn befoer prepare everything to go to work I wa htinknig of yo and I waetd to give you a small surpris with this fantastci photos , I poe you like it .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sri or Madam
I wolu like to appl of hte job htta you have adevritsed .
I 'm a happy , neergtic person hw kies to work wi hcildre .
I love young children .
I have wokred in man kitcehns befo , and I haev gained a olt of experience there .
Bye
Masia
htis summer happened to me sveeral things , I wne to the beac , I wnet to th poo , or smipyl went fro a wlak wti firedns , btu the best was ehn I went to a wedding because it was t even thta mroe memories rbin me this usmmer .
We got ther at fi o'clock , we ahd n ey reach ma people , so atke hte oppotrunity to give t gitf that wa a washing mahcnie th ifnishde clothing to erach the store , adn apparently ehy were in need of a n , as teh bdie loved .
Snet half an hour atfer we arrived , starte comin eveyrbody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , na the we lal wnet to the tbale , which aws magnificenlty structured , plenty of food of all knisd , drinks , bu we were la watiign fo the main course , also the food w magnifiecnt , btu th best part was when the couple wne to t pool , we were lucky we ahd an amazing wedidng planner w arranged th magnificen an fun activiti , he said to t bride dn groom enter each an infltaabel ball an try walkin on eh water as lo as tihstand , and the rbide own because the gorom slipped and efl after them , out of the bal , fll into eh wetr , and kissed .
At fou in the mornig , after opennig the presents , everyone starte to lvae , it w a long d but a ol of ufn , b it could ahve lasetd a bit longer .
I usaully wake up at isx o'clock in t mroning , thne I 'll take a quick shwoe .
After school , I 'd like to ta fresh fruit .
I am keen to rnu dunig teh inght time .
IN my countr poeel do alot of mistkae adn ha lao of of da ahbit concerning their attitude towards ht rubbish , htey a awlays torwing their lo things an rubbish in pulbi place , ht governeme laso ca not do thri loe towar hteir peopel na their ba behaviour
Once upon a time , there aws a monster on the city called " Michensta " .
Michenstain was a very ti cit aht was noe b thing for them ; the other bad tihng aws htta in ht city , theer was a monster called " omnsetration " .
Monsteration w a very lively monster he always migrates to eh north every omnday .
In eh day , he wa a midl monste , he was rey visible ( because he was gi ) ; tu in eh night , it was th contrary , he kill peolpe , detsorys complete cities ; he smsah all ht rachitecture rfom ht ci , and a l of da thing .
One da , Monsteration 's next destintaio aws the ctiy of Michenstain .
All the peopel did n't nko hwat that wsa , so htey id n't acre about it .
Bu ehn he arrived to Michenstain , la the pepoel wtn : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the mindight when arrived , so he was eaegr to destroy everything .
So all the people started to urn and srceam , and teh monster wsa pursuing la of htme .
He was spoiling all the crosp from the people , he aw destorying a the vehciles , adn he destroyed a vast area .
The entx ady , he wsa a ve attractvie msnter , in other words , he was conver in oth mosnter body .
He aws completely different ; it wa impressive the wa he was catin .
The htin that he ( the mnostre ) di n't onw about sa that he had a spectacular ifnetcion ( literally spetcacular ) th I thing aht it have no ucer , it was claled " The Monsteration Ifnectatoins " .
( On those times there were diverse monster , tu none of them aw like ihm ; he was in teh nubmer 1 ran of t monster in destroiyng things . )
The scietnists are triyng to maek a cure of t Monsteration Infectatoins , tu the stlil do n't have it .
In thei laborotry , thye ahve a lot of chmeiacls tta were prohibited in their country , btu they use them .
Tye h to isoalet teh chemicals to teh formlua to vae teh cuer .
Soem scientsit did n't care aobut teh infection ; ehy were playin ultimat tea in their iPdos .
The scientists htat were doing eh forumla had a lot of etnsino , but fianlly , they did it an they sia : " Magnifcien " .
Well I 'd lik to atl to you baotu my experiences like Enlgihs tsudetn ro mnay aers .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have need to ues neglish a lot of itme during my professionals activitei for hta erason I haev atken some Egnlish courses mna yeras ag .
I ca tell you tha I fell I can understand voer 90% whne I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , ubt my mian problem wiht English is of course whne I msu speak : I fell my self horribel wituot confidence , I tnik htta always I 'm htinknig in peanish na atfer amkind th trasnlation to English , may be in hti omment hwe I 'm wrtiign htsi composition I 'm making the saem wrong . I know thta learning English is a lagr proecss ub I mu foolw that rpocess ebcause I 'd like to be an xecellnet bilingual Pearson .
Curerntl I 'm working like teachre at the uviersity a to teac in English ahev been my glo .
I 'm a teacher in hcemistry and math too .
I work too like free nace wroekr wtih ht saem usbjects bceause it is encesasry to increase my incons .
I 'm wrtinig on iwthuot knowing idctinoary and amking htis composition without rtdauction from Espansih ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll hva mnay mitsakes ubt I feel go beacus I must write an write and write I need to improve my English levle . I must not fell bda if I want finally leanr Engilsh very ewll .
I hoep you can hepl me undesrtand moer about how improve my Enlgihs lveel and deveolp my skiil
Tha of you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaiec , ( that is my first time writng ore 50 Word )
Milton Morales
I like workout on push up bars .
it is mipossible nto to lov doing soprt actiivty on the fresh ia .
If uo wan to star working uo oyu should be ready for big olad on yru muscles
On Thursdya , Septmeber 11 , the term xeams fiinshed and ru week of vacation startde .
In ht afternoon I ewtn to my danc classes .
it aws fun because we learn a n pi hop danec an we finishde uor tap dance .
On Friday I went to th mall wtih my afmliy .
I buoght one swaeetr dn tw jeans .
Latre I net to the book stor and bohgt three boko ; " legend " , " wodner " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On hte weekend I stay at moe . I tsart reading " Eleanor & Pakr " ; it sa maazing , I was laughing a l becau ht htings that the characters asid .
Teh other tihng I do ewre sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
T next day I wnet iwth my freidns to see a voie .
We saw " if I stay " and I loevd it .
T mive is abou a teengaer maed Mia htta ahd a car acicdent with her family .
Her father adn hre mothre died before teh arrive to the hospital .
Mia survive but hse is in a coma nad s hvae to decide if hse wnat to lvie witohut her omtehr and fathre or if seh awnts to ei .
Later in the weke I sas the day drawing .
I draw a emadow , a little iglr , and a butterfly .
The next ady I did n't do muhc .
I just sleep and tach movies at home .
hte da bfeor I tsart school , I do an investigation for ltireature clsas .
htis aw what I d in my vacations , I did n't do a l ub I love my avcations .
ehlol Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mraomra .
Srebia is my country hweer I live f 24 eyars .
If yo like and wish to come heer my best advcie is to stay at home .
Maybe uo can bring osm mnoe and spend it on something f .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As pre t otday topic " No Future for public transrot " , I wuold like to add ocmemnts on taht please be paitnet my English is not too goo as oyu readers think .
So , lets start ,
Msot of t Metor cities are now adsy attract peopel of icyt towadrs Metro lny not ujs because of the afr bu beacus of th time that it saves .
Now these adsy public would no lkie to rtavel in eh publci Transprot to save ehir item as wel as monye .
Mter is good for vee health of the people as no pollution and all beuase it run on electricity and also it conenc most of the city as lehi has a wide area span of emtr thta is really awesome .
Other than thta public transport is laso not ogdo ro Natural resourcse which is nto good f ht future of the country .
If you visti Twian , you will never imss the temples here .
There aer so amn temples ehre .
So , now tree is a hcanec of you to pretend teh go .
Jiu - Tian Folk Atr rgoup is a rgoup of eppole who are gdo at our traditional performnace , which is " imitaet ht fcaes and pose as gods " .
In hree , th wil teach oyu how to draw the face of og , dance ilek ogd , an beat teh drum .
Curious ?
Just come and gvie it a try !
I tihn pay exepnsive t on personla car can reduce teh use of ca or othre vehicles in orre sovl the traffic problmes .
Because all people lek money , ro xeampl , man epople do n't buy car with expenvie tax , so people must use teh public trnasprotation , such as bus , usbawy .
The public transprotatino wlil rich , so they cna build more station fro suubrban and mroe publci ra to caryr this .
hterefore traffic will be abtter .
Dear ri / mada
I am applynig fo th position in t USA usmmer Camps to work htis year .
I am 29 eyras old , originally orm Brali .
I am an Englsih sutednt hwere I have been utdying fro five yeasr , na recently , I passed on the F which is a well reocgnise certificate .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
rfmo June to September of the 0213 I wroke ofr a tourism compna , my poistion ahd involved take after of groups of ppole giong to Englan , tih previuos experience makes me usitalbe of hti job annonuced .
In dadition to this , personally I am reall helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do prcaitse psotrs such as football , basketball and hcess , with tehse skills I coudl ehl chidlren have f while tecahnig tme the all ogdos benefits in practisni psorts .
By applying f ht job offere I am willnig to work in all different sor of job , I do not matte which , as logn as I ha teh opportunity of being in the SuA , as English is my apsison .
To sum up I fele raehr confident to assume tihs position and thank you for cnosidering my application .
My afithfully
Alessandro Costa .
I thi public transport is very important .
thre is no wa to trvael from Egypt to the USA using a ca .
a plane ya tak auot 16 hours .
a cra may tak ady or months for the sem distnace .
I rlaly overwhelm to be third emmber of my small family- Peter , Marai , both of which ar my parents in 45 eyars of the sem age and my little brtoehr , Patrikc-14 yea old in a miscihveous manner .
Their egnlte nor wht lvoely and adorable min take a feerence to their ohbbies - readgn .
Noawdays a person 's roth seems to be judge accordin to hte social status an material posssesions , tah is mostly to happen in high alss famiies , as they er fcocsu on aihevements as power , politic influences etc . on teh ohtre hna ofr a middle class families eh old - fahsioned laues ar still important as it is the inheritance rfom our acnestors in trem of values as honesty , kindses , olyalty , etc .
Metro is teh omts comfortable awy of transportation in Moswo .
Metro is on oen that I use in the icyt .
Using a rgoudn transprotation is ont comfortable because of traffic .
Just a few yaers a we started to ues a speail road line .
But the prolbe is Russna drivers ra on egtitng used to keep htis len fre .
Msocow tarffic is awlu .
Everyone is in a uhrry .
There is no difference if yuo use car or ub .
For example American public transpotr ah a special line adn a schedel and it works like a tra , I mae ocm in exact time like a rtain .
hta 's my drema"when I joined hte faculty of langauegs and translation I was very happy ceause I achieved my dream .
In this facul I faced some problems with my egnlsih , I bega to aks " oh can I miprove my egnlihs ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen dn read so oy na write nad speak well " I asid okay I have to depend on msyelf , I began to joi groups on faceook hweer I ofund some of th peopel sherd their konwledeg with ohtres , I followed them immedaitely .
I am in my way to improve my english , I as Allah to guied me to the right ya .
My rdema is that I want to opne a Cnete fo Language Learning ,
to etahc childern nad adults in my country good Engilsh adn I will avoid rtaditiona education .
the ebts thing that can encoura me to one this cnete that I have in my country 5 friends wh study in th faculty of languages na rtasnlation nad I think that they iwll be evyr hpapy of joining me in my center .
I know that is a very amizng dream b I pray Allah to gi me all means to achieve my fuutre deram .
Alex , I and my freidns wll go to eh cinema at the weekend .
owul do y lpease jo us ?
We will see an actino mvoei .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mal in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport hav no futrue , the crsiis in 2008 ; h been odw the oil prcies .The oil is ceha now na en cars ra more efciient and hte goverment give stimolous for conmuers .
O dya in Otcober , Michael a boy was sutdying archtiectur discover a box with a message , hwlie he is oneing a box , he heard a dro .
In this moment a big na wetn niot t ebdroom .
htsi mna was h father , who ha de .
Michael aws ver nervosu and confused because he did n't udnerstadn antyhing .
He skoe wi his afther and he asked ih because he was htere and ihs father responded tta he had the bigges escrte baout his family .
" In the sat Matidl your mother killde your brothre , although she hda a reaso , he wa a monster because he killed a to of pepoel in uor city , so we went to another city . "
ub Micahel idd nto belive ihs story and he thoguh that he wsa crzay .
htis situation was impossible because his father ha edad and in this moment he r and he opened the doro and his father said uo muts be here becuase I msu speak with you mer ti a xeplain bceuase I acn speka wit yo b Michael closed hte doro and knew at that mome he had maed a mistake .
Daer Mrs akte ,
I wnat workign in uor cafe .
I ilke a many food adn rdink .
I work in a coefe lats year in my countyr . I can rok long itm .
Sincereyl ,
arcy
Ho are yuo ?
Today we rceeivde a shipment rfmo Visual service center unedr ru odl cacuont nubme , it cuodl be a mistake by srevice cente as a notice regarding mojr roganizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In issued notice it claerly attes that lal dfeec prast should be estn to Solvakai with effect from 01/06/2051 .
If a more shipments rae ertruned sunig our old TN account number , htere is no option othe ahn invoicing service cenetr for not following instructions .
So plaese advies all service centesr to return defec part to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowaday , sport is vre importan patr our ilfe .
Many dcotors recmoemnded hte practice of sport , because it is very helathy for our boyd a for mind .
evry ad , there are many articles and news infortaion that taklnig about teh benefits that y get if you practise sport .
My fovurite spotr is swimming because as soon as start this spro yuo fele better .
In pstie of you do n't lso weight , yo na iw endurance and flexibility .
Whe I am st in water I fele fre and rey hastily .
Not only is psor wehn you feel wsetay , ub also you do a lot of exercise .
Hewver , you do n't haev the efeling that yo ar very tierd , is different , at the sma itme is fantasti !
On eh one hna , my advice that I would giev to someone startin my favourite sport , swimming , is tah you ened a little iwl power becuas sometimes , for exmaple in winter , you will n awnt to go to the yg , le alone oyu gte in a pool !
On the other hand , my other avdic is htta I am veyr suer that you will efe ownderful and happ!May be to at first time , ub sure later .
I promise uo htat it lil be tih way .
In conlcuison , sport is evyr necesasry nad useful for oy can ipmrove uor lfi .
You start nad then yuo explain to me how are yo ?
About Me
Hi my nmae is Christian bu my firends call me chris .
I am 13 yeras old , my birthday is hte 13 july .
I sa bron on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I was adoptde rfo sout Korea .
I lki to lpa football a floorball , I kie also to be iwht my friends adn it 's also nu to play vioe - games .
I am good at floorball a to as ogo at ofotabll .
Somteimes I play go and I think it 's prtty uf , I like to be out wtih oru sia bo .
I got 1 sister , he name is Tina , eh is nanoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't erally kwo .
I lkie to be in Thailnad becasue it 's inec and wamr dn t peolpe there er ver cie , I aslo like the food . I do nt ilek homework but I do nt forget it , I am ood to tease my little issetr and I am porud of it .
I also got an cta her naem is chelsea .My favorite foo is fillet of be , scallop an maybe suih .
I see roward to friday when I am going to cinema with my frien , we 're goign to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favroite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of teh rings , hte tv - show : suits , ht walking dead nad maybe sout park na family gu .
I am good at floorball adn no as ogdo at football .
Sometimes I play glof and I think it 's rpetty fun , I lki to be out iwth our ial boa .
I do n't lki to raed tu I like umsic , good muci .
I like aol of ratis adn a lo of different music genres .
I ilk all from pop , electornic , pi hop to calm music .
I am watching a few tv - seri ubt I watch htem voer the internet so I am not trying to ti th clock to see a episdoe .
I like teh restaurant we et on when we wer on a ski - vacation in Cahmpoluc .
Hi my name is Ellio dn I like tv games adn elog .
I al like to speka Engilhs but I ca n't psaek it at hmoe because my littel rbother ujst says " spo tlak English " wehn I talk English .
I nkwo htta I have not wraithne it bu I have a brother .
He is 9 yaers old a he is really good at saying what he want all the time .
I mena when he want something he just sdi give me th .
I ahve wt parent lik the most epopel .
My mums nam is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard an they ar teh bts aprenst I nkow .
I do n't kon so many parents ubt whatever .
I ilek books oo ub I ca n't aed so ogdo so I am not reading so ahrd bokos with hunrdeds of pages .
I erad books liek DAiRY of a Wimyp kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to talk English at school oo but my firedns do n't like wne I atkl it in school so I talk wsedsih th .
My fewrit lecoh is the Swedish lections becasue htta I like to wirte ihsotries .
My sets friends anm is Vtkor nad he is raelly f and like him .
My family ilvs in a
Hi Daine ,
How are you ? I am oging to descrbie me so you will be able to reconi me when we eet at eh train statoin .
I am atll , around 2 meters , black ahir dn bule ey .
I wll be wearing a whtie T - shirt a a yellow sohrt .
I wli be at the rtain station at 7 o'lccok and I wlil be wtiing for you at eh gate number seven .
Kidn Regards ,
Raafle
I would lkie to edscrbie my brtoehr Rihsbah Bantwal in thsi letter .
He is 24 eyars old and he looks very simira to me .
he likes to lpya guitar in free time and ilke to go uo wtih firensd .
Nwoadays , we er in teh aeg of nitrenet .
A flat wrodl is rceatde by the tnernet connection .
We have ou knowledge easier and we elar moer easier too .
Thsi is a pewr of the information technology .
hte oscial nteworks ushc as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , ogogle plus ... ar conenctign us to mo and more rfiends , comapines , pubci figures , books , fiml , social organizations ... we rae real ahve many things to se , to thnik , to " lik " , to " commnet " and a dozne of stuffs tah we c amke an actoin to interactive with others ... so may it is ure that we have els tem to thi auot ourselves , to tkae care o healhty .
htye help us to communication to ht wor and we have noly twenty hours a day . We kno mer tihnsg dn we loss more time fro nay interesting tohres .
Btu it just happen in teh informatno tcehnoloyg and realted fields such as : , communication , ...
On anothre hand , we sitll have many othe tecnhologies to create many sueflu maihnes , on - side servise to help ru life is better an better day by day .
Transportation help us going baorad more qucikl , even come to the space by a tuor .
It is aamizng of oy if yo have enough money to pya for that tuor .
We fle omer happ , comfotrable and rferesh afre osmethin like that .
Biography ethcnology gvie us moer food .
Chemisrty gives us more tablets .
ey , we er slovin many trouble iwt our tcehnology for ou feeling , uo healthy and uor finanec too .
uo ac join to an stock mraket on voer ht wrold to buy some Googel stocks dn se smoe Facebook stco t and aer some money .
oyu atke t wordl on uor hands wti technology to hlep your lief bteter and better actually but It is no flu tah it wli godo , let keep it wi your ndes , your tiem and oyu mnoye too .
Ho acn I ehlp the environmne ?
H can a rgou of freidns hlep teh environment ?
Tsi year me adn my friends ar goi to help Parque Corog fr hte rceent froest fire .
We are owrride that if the trees do n't get planed oso the wli never gwo up again .
That is t raeso why we rae goign to plant there 1000 tree .
Eygtp have more hsitorical plcae suc as pyramids is the on of emiprical in ht world a omre people rfom aroudn th owdl come to see thsi pyramids teh wo think ho Egyptian people mak this building form m be thouasnd eyar na tsill stand iwthout change and more tousit come to kae pho in t pyramids dn study t stone and hwo teh old Eygpitan make this one without modern tolo usc as carnes na other modern macihen moer scietnifi teams come from lal t world to stuyd htis buildni na make Egyptian science in more universities around teh owrld to stuyd how teh ia going inisde tih building dn how it ke ht fodo inisd it and how this ib stone ateks uo form far places and ocme for th place nad how thi ubidling eke eh bdoy of the people atfer died and ohw tihs people leave inside teh building and hwy this ubildin kie this and what ht beenift of this buliding adn oh to make kike this bulidin
upblci rtanspor have improved the regional deevolpment sicne the apst dceaed , it 's conevnien a necessary for a ict life .
ubt hwen it comes to tarve , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , becuase y wil n like to go where everybdoy eos .
If oy ahve a acr , you can go anwyhere yo wnat an stop by an beautiufl spot you like .
It 's more fxeible ro yuo travel plan .
nad , it 's relayl enough developemn in uo plante , it wolud be better if we ac leave some lpaec blankde , we do n't need so cuh convenient transportation , nad we ac still lev well .
asve smo ntaure to the earht , adn leave clear air for uor ikd .
Build public transport in a ci , ont in a country .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
It is very important and very enjyoalbe game .
otdya cricket is very famous game in the world .
Among them cricke is vrey famous in Sri Lanak .
We cuold go to in eh owrld frmo crciekt .
It is very rgaet .
Toda we hav clever cricketers an famous amperes than othre ocuntrise .
It is ver vaulalbe .
Australia , Engalnd , South Afrcia and Ne Zealnad rae very famous coutnyr for cricke gam .
But htose conutrie a very developde and they hva any facilities .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yte .
The have no faciltiies tahn ohtre cuontrie .
Bu Sir naka cricket team could no the Wolrd ucp 2014 .
It is ve impotrant opportuntiie in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket htan other games .
You can satrt the cricke game .
And oy ca ran mroe money and yuo ac go to other conutires .
Todya we hvae olst of sprots games .
Volley ball , Net ball , lle , Talbe tennis , akrtae , e .
Btu it is not famo nad we oculd n't go to in hte world .
Bu crcikte is very famous and we kn a cricketers .
We ac be a famuos and eran mer noey .
Cricket is goo for our heatlh than other games .
In my opinion cricket is bts for you . Yo c be a good crcikete .
You do not what to do ?
Ar you a tuorist ?
A you lost in t cti wihtout knwoing hwat to do ?
If I am rgiht contniuo reading tsi .
We hva a olt of shopping faicilties , it is the good thgn about living in a gi ctiy like Mdarid , becaues we hvae a lto of different shop sicne lcothes shop , pet shops , food shosp , sohes shpos , accessoreis sohps , toys sohps , presents shops an much mo typse of sohps tha kn I cna to remember , ub oy can fdn almost lal you wnat or y nee it is not incredible ?
ubt f some of the you ahve to searhc ver wel bceause moe of ht hsosp rae unqieu adn some oteh aer vrey go hidden , but ro that you ahev speicalized transpotrs thta will take oy to whreever you want or uo need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe wah I ddi last motnh !
I work at the bacsktaeg of rco concert !
It wsa suc a great exeprience for me .
I applei in no music club in oru cit and I was really excited when they repplied dn asked me to help because I ejnoy going to rock concerts dn I was trluy curious abuot how t bcakstag is owrkign .
aht was mny bo ?
Mostly I helepd others an carried the stuff .
I enjoyed woikng iwht a soundmaster so far .
It wa quite stressful but at the en of the concetr the atmsopehre wa amazing .
People wer snignig and hsoutnig - they all se to be really happy .
I hope I iwl do that again once .
See you arrond
Stve
Hi Jo ,
It 's rlaly ince that oyu a aksin me abuo it .
Poland is really beautiful adn you choose it wisely .
I suggets that you acn satr your rti from Warsaw .
It 's herat of Poland and you wli lenr everything aobut wo , educatino and peolpe from here .
verey big cti in Poland is very similar to ecah other .
If you awn to rexa you acn also go to mountiasn or sea .
Eve there you ac eme erall nice people and takl with them .
But let 's talk about work there .
We apprecaiet knid and har working poeple .
B oy ca n't expect thta they are going to pay yo a lto of moeny .
Rate is prett wo .
But there is a chanec aht y na meet generous oeple .
Tkae ca
loa
Hi Paty .
I 'm goign to tell you abuo me .
My name is Agtsina Lópze I sa bron in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm iffteen years old .
Lats yaer I celebrated my ffitee party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it aagin )
This year is my sixteenth birthdya adn I 'm oging to celebrate in my hem , wti my familyi anda some friends .
I love to do many tihngs like sleeping , gogn dancing wit my friend , giong to the ebahc , cniema , shpoping center , runnign na I love teh fasihon ve mu like t shoes , amke up , bags and clohtes .
This summer was th best I went to cuchilla alta with my be friends their nma ar : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela nada Lucía .
I have a great time with hte .
I also went to piriapolis with my family an all the days .
I went to the behc , we loved .
I kie English because it is evry imporattn to know oehr langeuge to communicate with otehr people and ir I go to anotehr country it is very inoprtan to knwo English .
I htink taht it it vyr intersetign and I like it
Daer p friend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hpoe you aer fine when you re this letter .
I am very well and everytihng is all rihgt .
Well , I wiret to tell abo my last summer .
I had a reall ncie experience working in a cinema . I would n't have do it ulness my friend ulyc who encouraged me .
The tsaff is realyl interesting and helpde me al the item and eh customers were gtnle a time .
I learnt lost of things such as dealing wiht money na ticekts adn awthc movies freely .
We gto work at ofur in eh afternoon an it is very relaxing . I hda a day off htat I sepnt itm at ohm or going to the yg , wher I me hansmoe guys .
Th summ wa realyl gerat .
I recmoemnd uo to yr th kidn of jo in aces yo want to eanr extra money and also meet new poepl .
Lots of kisses a hug , please writ oon
Lev
Giselle
In this essay I would lek to hgihligh how a wid range of public trnasport c help peopel to asve a ti of money a a lto of sterssful hours stuck in the trafifc jam .
Firstly as everbyod know teh cos of the ufe is increasing mer and more , adidn to tsoe eh bill htat nw a ra will birng , it became immediately clear tha it is cheaper go around by public transopr .
Why tehn there still be so man people who prfere to drive theri own car instead of sea comfortabyl on th train or on the tube reading hteri favoret boko on their wya to work ?
I would as th htis is becasu eh public transport a on so effiicent as eh should do .
In my twon for exampl , I have been Waitign fo up to forty minutes ebfore I uold take a bus .
I stornlgy belvee th it is a shmae because a lo of people liek me wolud live their vehicle at home and atke a arin instead .
Sceondl , teh environme would miprove ist state indeed , as far as I can see t pollution caused by eh traffi is ruinig monuments na maikng the a dirty nad heavy , hte smae is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously t fweer casr aer around th quciker oyu can get where you awn .
In conclusion I wolu really like thta plotiicians who care about publci transpor will improev the services so th omre people oculd leave thei vehicles at ho an mvoe around much more easyl .
T prolbe is that if everoyen thinks thta travelnig by car is convenient , absultely evreyoen will go everywhere by car , and the rdas wll becmo chcokablcok .
uo se amn , I do n't lek rcowedd orads , a nd prefere to travel by rtam .
It is chaep and elouqence .
I play bsaketblal on weekends since I am iltlte .
I also like to lpa baseball , oto .
I c lpya absketbal dn baseball lik no toomrro .
I uusally pal baseball iwht a gorup of my friends .
I paly wit hte on th playground .
I ca n't image the lif without psort .
In the toady society .
The most peolp are travelling by hteir c , because the upblic tranpsor was no convenient fro people to use .
Maybe , in fac th lasd ar mor ib , so that the transport ah not pbulished to anywhere .
The general tarnsport consturctiosn can divided three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is th go through the most ciyt roads .
In eh sea , include hte uote and port construction .
In th sky , include aipralne flights and airport constrcutino .
eh transport construction nad eoconmic development sa a cloes relationship , dn uitilzed of la are more important .
hte development of the railroad na highway ar easy to uplishde , but consrtu of saepor and iaprort must with cnogential conditoin .
When nitegrate of th eocnomy dn aldn planning rae accmoplished , ht publi transoprt constrctuinos aer covnenient ofr people to sue .
I am going to wrtie bauot oh live is going to change in the next 50 yeasr .
Altohugh we do n't realised we have to be conscious
htat eve dya is a different ady if we cmopare iwt ht on has passde .
Smoe yaesr aog we ddi n't use the technology to g in touch with friends and afmily but nowadays it 's th mts ipmoratnt thing f
some people who they ca n't live withotu it .
I am pseakign about eh mobile wo it cahgned o life .
It 's normal
thta in the xet 50 years it is goin to change .
It will be more advantagse in gneera and it wil giv us a olt of ogdo things but mabye osme bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't watn that our ilfe changed it is onrma that it iwll hvae differen chagnes .
It is encesasry for uor lise to have or to feel that we are getting ebtter .
My afvourit sptr is chss because it is the only gma of our mind .
It also helsp us in studies .
I argee that it 's ont hpyscial exercise but a mneatl one .
There are mnay physcila xeerciess lkie swimming bu name ayn gma except chess tah mkaes our mni ahrp .
I like amyn other gaem but hte best noe is ihs .
I am not saying tta we should always lpya chess as physical activities rae aslo impotrnat .
ht reason why I would avdies someo thsi psotr is that teh chidlren woh are not interested in there studies or would to be able to study .
In htat csa ehss owuld hpl him .It would make chil mind shra an he wolud n get distract by ht surrounidng .
Local transportaoin is one of ht oms prolbem in our era .
The locla transportation ebocme difficult and expensive .
so th ogvenrment ums tkae an action to make it easy .
upbilc media aslo must educate people eh impotrance of Local tarnslation adn how they persevre it .
Teh Government mu svae ht gsaoline and jzz to reoslv ht rpoblem .
they msut fidn a soltuino to htis dififcult probelm .
The sut maiatin roads .
Pepol asl ahve an importa role to slove th problem .
They should reserve the energy by usi bu instead of using htei own acsr .
htey also cna wla or ride a clce .
ogvernemnt must mainati teh publi transportation adn make it safe .
We can sloev tsi rpoblme if we wa that .
I have thought that rwtiing an article on my favouirte sport woul be interestin ro t readers , abev all , and makin no differences on ht sport yo hva chosen , it is praamonut practising sem spotr , whatever you chsoe , suc as sipnnin , that is my fvaoruite oprt .
My piece of adivce to take up a hobby , in this case a phsyical hobby , wcih is nietresting fo your health .
I rahter enjoy sipnning , feeling t rhythmn of the umsic lowder nad oldwer , this gives me high neeryg each time I we psinning .
If you wan to start practising soem sport , first of la tihn baou ho mcu time uo rae willing to spend on it , hten yr once and if you rae ahving a good item go ahead and do the most of yuor itm enjoying sport , neevrtheles , be careful and go slowly because yo might be inrued .
the roe sport yuo practise teh better yuo fele , indeed , your mood woudl n be blue anymore a oyur body will be htin and gorguos .
First of all , my opinio is that there is a futrue fro the pulbic transport sysetms .
If we take a ook on the Swis publi rtansport syset , in teh bigger ctiies almots a poepel go to work by public transport .
The advnatage teh get is the flolowing : ehy dont't hav to look of aprknig possibilities , htey can leave hte bus or teh train nad a few minuets tfer they cna bgein to wrok .
Thees people slo hepl to protect the environmetn by savign uor natrual resourec like pteorl .
To concluer , in bigge cities like Bern or Zurich there a no doubts tta the publi transport system would be less convenient htan travellin by car .
The process hwo to kae the not for the bank acn be outilend in is conseuctive tspes .
First , t bank notes should be consiedrated oh to edisgn nicluded background clouor , artwor nad security issues .
Then , htye are supposed to prepare a ksiled machinist .
Subesqeuntly , eh sheets of bnak notes a printe on t metal plaets .
The ontes ahv special ilnk wti colou on obth sides , which riase images slhgtly .
The mso ipmoratnt step is inpsec the ntose which are good quailty sheest and which are da hseets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then ctu itno separately an pacekd into cars in order to idspatcah a evr eh ciyt .
If th sheets are bda , those sheets are then destroyed trhuogh burning .
psort is ve imoprtan part of a healthy lfiestyle .
It keeps oru bod strong .
Today we ahv a lot of differtn sports , so we acn choso somethin hta really fst ourselves .
I enjoy runnnig .
It is a ikdn of tihng thta everybody ca do adn it feefcts all patrs of my obyd .
I literlly fee msyel tsornger afet evrey item I run .
There is no doubt that traffic add to polultoin .
The upblic transpor offres a possible solutio for eh problem , ceause mhc pepole ac tranpsoretd in one vehicl .
The gvoernment has a responsibility to encourage teh public to use buse nad hte underground more .
ohwever , theer are a numb of hcangse tha ne to be cnosidered .
Fsrtly , bulic transoprt hsoul be made free .
T goevrnment hsoudl raise taxse for ya of the seivce .
Cars are geenrlaly mer expensiv .
Fits , I thikn the uplbic trasnprot is roe expesnive .
And if we compar the monye you spend wtih ht car and the amount thta y spend with ht public transport , it is les .
escondyl , if you use the ca , yuo hvae't wati umch tem ti cathc the bu or the trani , an maybe you can arrive ltare at your job , ro htis situation .
I believe taht us your car has a ol of advantages or benefits , it is mor comafrtabl dn elss expensive .
las summe i workde at icneam.i thin it is a very ogdo j because you can es nay films you like ofr free .
The imnus of thi wokr is very gi saalry and i think tha i iwl work at this cinema on the next summer .
My favourite spor is odnig yoga .
I do ygoa to di eralxation .
Yoga cal und vitalizes body and imn .
I do yag at elsat no hru every ad .
rfmo Modnay to Fridya I do it at ho , at weekedns I attend yoag classse .
oyga is a vyr conveeint soprt .
We acn do it at yn time as we lik .
But if y ar beginne , it 's better fro you to atetnd reuglra yag classes .
Y can learn correct opstuers in calsses .
Afte doing it skillfully , oyu can do it at moe or any place .
Pepole 's ilve will hcange dramatically in the next 50 yeasr , Eqiupment an otosl hva veolved since the ebginnin of huma ihsotry .
In erecnt edcdaes , however , developments hev been particularly gorundbreaikng , M ah been ab to nivetn machines , hwihc they vae bee ptu to work automaiton is a great help to mankind , becuase it signiifcantly increases th stdnard of ilivng dn feres people form har work .
The restl is much lse wokr a a better ilf .
eh disadvantage , however , is that bceaus of teh machines man peopl have olts thei jobs
Dear Jo
I rda your letter , I owudl ilke to nkow moe edtalis about waht places do y nat to vsiti .
I advise y to visi Queretaro it has had an excellent service iwht ofreig people sinc five yesr ago .
Talking abuot you new job , I was searching osm vacancies hoewvre it required a job ro full - time , so I am going to continue searcihn some jobs of prat - ti .
See you weh you arrive at Mexoc City
Sinecrel
Urile
onwadasy pepole get aorudn constantly .
It 's ebttre sue uplbic transport or private transport ?
ewll , ecoolgist say that get around usign rtansport public is mroe beneficail fro ht environment than using the ra or motorbkie .
In recent years hte unmebrs of people who use publi tranpsrot ha increased a l , in comparisno iwht ne years ag .
tu acutalyl dose it has a uftuer ?
It 's more comfortable , faster an preefrabl than have to r to take teh bus , awit the train , etc .
Thsi is a fact which indicates the public tranpsotr there is no future in our osciety .
tohre isganls are , for example , if you tarvel by car , you can rak the acr in rfont of the place hwere yuo want to go .
But if oyu taek ht su , yuo have to ta down in a b stop , amybe a ti far rfom where you want to go .
laos it hsa to say taht myabe in teh future , technoolgy will create a car that deos n't opllute the air , nad then , ues publi transprot wo n't be encessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is uqite right bceause every person have ac now a days .
transprot ar are important but car is mer relilbe for families tehy went otgethe without waiting for transport .
more flexiel wti a lot fun with famliy .
I live in a cyt named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
The Indonesia Government itlef does n't sme to give a damn aobut their conurty 's cleanilness , and the citiezn too .
it caused ru rvie moe bi prolbems su as disea , unpleasant msel , flood , tec .
i mysel , by seiegn ht river filled with garbeg , always seems to be disgusted by th stench dn ht unpleasant loko fro eh gbrage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
na also , fater t river , teh orda in the cyt is laso contaminated by the garbaeg .
garbgae everywhere .
ht conidtio of my country is really critical , I guess .
Adn the amoun of hte icty 's garden does n't match the amuont of eh popualiton an pollutio in tta city .
There are a olt of high - rise biudling and it proovkes floo laon teh ihhg - ris building 's sectino .
I wonder if the citiez in my country and town could amk a better environmen area by throwi garbage on its plaec and try using an eco - friednl transportation .
And the govermnen , psl do n't be so flabb iwt your won ciitzen .
yes , be sirct .
I tihn it 's okay becuaes ht purpose of you doing htat is to arin the citzien to be moer responsible for what they id . an , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppose , teh govenrmetn aos have studied this situation too .
But thye d n't do that mu fater knowing this truth .
I hpo Idnonesian government take an cation aobut tih situaiton becasue if it ocnitnues tehn Indnoesia would be the mos unlcea ocuntry voer the otehr countries .
Alsion erad the net , smilde , and immdeitaely put on her ocat .
She looked liek ahppy and seh sa lookign fowrar to finishing the clsas to tlel ehr frined what hda happende .
After the lcas Alison ojined her friends .
She was evry entuhsiasti and teliln them thta Jua , th bo w eh sa fallen in lvoe , had written a letter ofr he .
Then hte frien oculd not left to pya attentio in eh Alison 's rods .
She transcribed ht letter with a lto of psaison because it was veiden aht Jau aw intereste in Alison too .
While all girls was heradin to Aliso , ujan appeared as a soh .
Alison wa like tomato and all eh friensd laughed at her .
The boy let very embarrassed , tehrefore he carried on his wyas an he did to say ntohin to her .
Alison always through : " If I woul no ahve lod th tsoyr to my friends I had passed all evening tih Jau "
I thnik thta for th public transport theer is a futur , because ov tiem teh gasoline irces nad the avlue of the reparaitons of t vheicles increase .
Lek in other thnig the priecs incaese , fr the aliments to lcothes and hmoe supplies , gsa , taer , eletircity .. Thne the pelpe will choose t public transoprt in t ufture .
My relaxing atciivty
Swimming has been laawys my favourite sptr .
I used to go to the swimming poo when I sa in the school to learn and it became in my faovurite activity when I sa really tired .
I aw with my sister dn my frineds and I snet a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usaully go swimming tiwce a weke dn I relaly enjoy swimmni because I c cihl ou a disconnect my mind .
omerover , it is sadi to be healtyh in odrer to imrpvoe problems in ht abc so htat going siwmming is erally beneficial for me .
In recent days I foun out a gadget to lietn to music whlie I am swimming adn it is marvellous because I also lev lsitening to music .
To begginers in this sport I uold recommend that a trainer tehces swmiming porperly because it is vrey impotrant to pay attention to the poistion of hte amr .
ufrtehrmore , it is necessary to wear lgasse .
Swimming is one of th bts sprot to practise it is due to require all parts of t obyd .
For thsi rsaon , it is a perfect actviity to do sport and eojy .
Three are lots of problme in our life .
For exapmle : Transport .
Thre rae lot of knids of Transportation as Buess , acrs , Swbays , rtains or iaxs .
May be they are comfortable , teirblbe , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are lat , you c use sbuway because it is faster , safer and cheepr .
Car an buses become dengerous and mak Problem in the srtee .
My veiw of eatin ahbtis .
Why dse our rbain ihnk baout food every ady ?
Why have you fridge in every isngel home ?
Why ..... ?
Every ad people thinking about frse fodo , fast foo , seet fodo and myn differnet types of ofod , wyh ?
er uo thinikn that emotional eatni is your ba habits ?
How often do yo one your fridge ?
How many times are you gogn to shop for smoe snacks ?
What happende iwt us .....
I remembered thta my childhoo was vyr quite , happy auond dinner at grandmohter 's hsue .
Really , I told you that I wsa like a little bti ufture girl who has idnner regulrayl tih two oprtion : sopu nad meal deal .
So we c stratde from beginnign : fisrlty , was breakfast which included some creeals wht hot mkl .
Secodnly , was lucnh at school like sawdich and moe fruit .
Atfe I was in ohem on dinne ti and osm desret .
Cuol yo ee ho aeys and reglura lfi I have got .
My " private menu " includde fresh ea ilke saald , fish , furit dn vegeatbels - many potions healthy food .
Now , I am 28 year dl woman woh does n't ha time of normally niner because I 'm a very busy .
Todya , I wkae up at 07.00a.m nad catch up so of kind bread with ja , drinks a coefe but more th often just has tem ro ahfl um and urns to work .
Durin a day I have ulnhc which is frmo na or order some jnuky food .
Later , I order tkae away form Chinese buffet or ayn pizza .
When weekend comgn I have a plan for psecial dinner which is lik ohme made btu do n't have tiem again .
What hppened with my healthy lfie wihch I want to ha when I w a child ?
hw evreythnig look lkie mer difficult and ahrd than were beofre ?
hwere is ou free time na waht are uo oding with your lifestyle ?
ne yaer shwoed me aht I na do everythi for myslef if it is onugh for me ....
Alison reda the note , smiled , a immediaetly upt on her cta .
She went to the staiton train and ge a itcket to London .
she tsaye ehre dn erad again the note ht addres was enar to the bgi b .
When the rtain caem s smiled and goe up and sit .
She turned her haid a saw hi " he was fowling me " hse thought"ewll , I shuol sak him what are he doing hre "
" What ra you doing hree " sa Alison he looks her but wit a bad smile , adn utr si he
First of all , ifnishnig high school is a passge of life that indiacte eh begnin of a en chpater for eh studen .
Sin thsi mmoent thye iwll have maturity adn resopnsbiility .
Therefore , mna of them are ont ready of thi .
So , a lot of parents na students have the opporutntiy to travel for a year .
When yo are travelling around ht wolr by yorusel , uo ow a bagag of knowledge , culture , discorves na , with all of thsi , y wno personal expreencei .
Sometimes , these is albe to change a person , maikng that eh or he vae a new perception of the world .
However , soem students do n't have thsi opportunit to travel , the start to work .
The job , provides , as wlel eh trip , repsonsbiility adn xepeerncie .
It changes in a different wa ht person oto .
ht consqeuences er n't goo as eh reasnos , ro instance , they ya ahv the career prejudiacte , or they spend so amny eyars tarevlling htat they are old to study in a nuierstiy .
Beside that , htey have differetns ponits of viwe in mnay sublects , that is wyh tye m od ' lkie the fun and t conversaiton in the scoial lief with hte othre studenst .
They cna n ejnyoed this chatper with oung and fresh htoughts .
Finlayl , to make a decsiion to not go in a university when you finish the gih shcool , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a graet dedicsion , that brni rgaet consequences adn great experencies .
hwatveer are the choic , they iwl ahev eh mrak in their lefs forever .
Be careful and choice it well .
upbilc transport is ht backobne of a cit .
suulaly peop ues public transport to tarvle aorund ht ciyt .
If in a icty people ra using mer pbulic trasnport than tier wo priva vehicle then it wll ehlp to protect environment a tarfifc as lel .
But no a days automobile compainse ra more focused on t ipmrovemenst of ht cars so tha teh cna be more enivronment frienld and trafifc friendly .
Futru of public transport wli be measure on t bsais of advancement of teh rpivtae vehicle .
Somemie poeple get offended because of eh crowd and th inconvenience cause by some pelpe wihle suign public rtanpsort .
Bu mni concern will be tecnhoolgy .
etchnloogy is bnig mroe advanced .
A car is being mad so ce friendly and sue firendyl th it is more
amyn poeple said hta at school all the stdunets have to srat a spor a frequent that one regularly .
Is nto a good idea beacues moe students ahv to study lal the afrenoon for other usbjects a the free itme is very scant .
Aas an xeampl if a stdunet need to recuperate a subject or ha to take a gdo mar , they ca n't go to do a spotr beuase there is no time .
In cnotrsat do a sport is very importtn beacsue we ac amke en friensd or we can star to take responsibility but the omst improtant thing is that we er awlasy catiev e our body can eg good results .
To usm up , do psort is evr ipmortant ro teenagers to hwich the body is oging to grwo and do it regularly is ocmmitment tah we should kae . in my poinoin , hoewevr , do a psort mnadtaory is to eudcatoinal because we ums do a sport wi enthusims not btohered or for obligation
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to teh watch Fossi FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but iwt differnt colours .
I 've seen it a couple of dsy ago dn I was iong to yu it , but it hsa dsiappeared from oyru
producst list ( I suppose it has ebe depleted ) .
However , I wonder if oy clo tll me whne it
wolu be available agin .
ahnk in avdcie for your ifnoramtion .
Yousr faithfull
In my opinion , they a no my friend . If oyur panets are yo friends , you wou live in hramony with htem .
They will consiedr oy as a indpendent peolpe .
Accrodingly , You atk responsibitity for wh you done .
Howeev , they a nto my rfiedns .
Three a som reasons , teh ra not , are as follows .
ifsrt of all , I make my evry fefrot to do my job betre , ohwevre , they only consdie that I awtse my tim doing wrong thing .
xet , tehy do n't believe my capability is ogod .
I do everything but onthnig .
Finally , thye totayl do n't lisetn to wta my opitn is .
They alway look at me like a di nvere gwo up .
It is ridiculous tta my apernts do n't beleive baliity .
I am ovewholemed wiht grief , living with them .
I ac nto toelrate tehi pirde dn rpejudice anymore .
I prefer staying alone to livin wti the .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful fro hte eudcation .
In my opniion to wtahc TV is actaull helpful for learning nwe htigns .
There is one argumne that shows , taht t TV promotes us .
Teh mni ersaon for hti is , tah eh TV is taeching us , because it is an important medui in uor liv .
A good xeampl of this are the many informative enws , which we are allowed to g .
Thsi clearly shosw tta the TV is lecturing .
To smu up , TV eiwing is no just entertaining at ll ; It edfinitley is also educatign .
Man people ragu aobtu the use of TV .
Som of htem believe tha it acn onl netetrain us whlie others do believe tah it can also educta .
woever , I htnik hta TV can do obht .
I bet if osmeobdy wants to have some fu he or eh can ujs choo the rig Chanel or movie cuh as comedies , ivdeo gags or ufnyn TV shows .
Menawhile if an inidvidual wan to laenr from TV .
TV provides lots of cognitive progrmas ilke ocoikng , takin care of pest , how to aet as well .
For me , I do prefer relaity sohws that hle peopel wo to dela with porbelms .
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
W founded by taletned tahlete in The UK in eral 19.Th Sport wa becoming evry famous isnec frist World Cup wa held in Uruguay unti t present .
I really neojy awtching na alying fobtall since I aws a ki .
There are severla reasons of why oeple really enjoyed soccer so mus .
Nothing is permanent in htsi world , I 've knew these words rfo the mouth of my parents nad unt now it is in my heart thta hepl me to deal wiht this kind of lif .
Sometimes your happy na sometmie you are sad , on you are usccess or you a failed , that is ht wheel of the ilfe we are taking .
Life is changign evry fast as ht days on the caledna is ognig , teh folw of lif contniouusly revolving wi the wlrd verey eprosn have .
Nobody ca tel wo , ehn , where and what will happe in th nxet 50 years of o lfie .
It depend on how you dela with what y hva at the rpesent to be perpared for hte forthcomgn changse in eh future .
Tehre rae a olt of factors thta could graetyl affect on wha you wli be in the moing 50 aers of yru life .
But the most vital part fro tsee changes is yourself .
Evreybody ah th right on for a change but it should be for the bettermetn and to for the worse .
iwht the simutlaneou growing inventions of technologies , way of ilvin go through iwt it .
A complicated way rfo before , avdnace technologies mdae it easy a ismpl now , wha else mroe could we expetc nex .
Th digital ga has eben a big problem for muisacl industry ebcause the nesw technologies and inetrnet had helepd more hte umsica pirac .
The people laready do ont b a CD , simply downloa it
" Piracy is destroying eh musi indutsry " as it is a violation of copryight .
It is a hsame htat a person is worikng during mayn moths for after the epopl wnat enjyoin hi work wtihuot having to apy , it is literall to steal .
It is lik y design a cahi na teh pelpe to atke without pyanig .
The singers hav to adapt and be albe to survive iprcay , no mo tehi income are eh cnocerts and idigtal platform like Sptoify .
I htink tta poeple shodl be more responsible na respetc hte work of tohesr so htat soicety evolves in a healthy way dn tihout conflict .
Today , mnay peolpe , group or socila movmeents are dasgree with different and main aspcest of our dominant uclture ; for exmaple , t mrariage or t age of married , t rol of women in hte family , the religions , eh education a n ways of fimly and many values .
This perspective of ilfe is nispired by contraucltural movements na soem people acl to ehse people as " altrenative " , but it is each d mroe commno na it let a inclusive and diverse soceit .
Teh clutur is changing in thsi ya , maybe it can be wonderful for t human freedom .
CHANG IN CLoOMIbAN CUTlUR
Etanig habit in my counrty aelly sa cahngeged in the last ne years .
it 's r is n't clear copmlety , b I sopuse it depnds on chenggn ahibt of life in developing proces of our sosiety .
At fsrt and improtnat change is about eating prpeared food that is n't healthy suually , its reason proabbly woman 's life stile htta is going to ib ahnge in ht ya th they do n't like staying at ohm and spend their time to makign food , now the prfeer to byu prepared godo .
The oth matter is about our habit to eatin foo tgoetehr with our family taht were a ctsom in humanity life not just in o cultrue , ub now beacuse of hard and ubs lief , we had to eat our mea omstly dyas of a week .
Now , we forget big niner table aht are fulle with faimly membres .
B a good change of our habit is atteniton to calery food na healthy food because of g informatio on nitenret na another mdei taht ar accessible way f all people easily tehse days .
Totatly l thikn changing is ignoarble but we can control it to mak our lfie better , specially aobut food that is most impotrant aspce of ourilef but we do n't apy attenti to it enogu .
I am a programmer woh want to rwtie abuot programming lnaguages na siklls .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of iedas but unfortunately I ca n't decsrbie my knowledge and experience in English .
Howveer I c wri thsee ideas in my own native language and htat 's why I 'm thinking that one da I should be bal to write thoes dieas in English as well .
De Soph , I have just come bakc from a really exciting ef day with my cousin .
That wsa the ebst pcae I had ev be .
we ewnt to Nwe Yo fro uor dsy .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
Whiel I was at eh btahorom , me csuin was smoking .
When I went back , a polecman asked ihm not to smoke , so he was gnry duirn the wohle flihgt .
On Fridya , we went on an nircedible sightseeing tu the guide tlo me not to take picturse becuaes I had to buy th .
On Saturday night , we ewnt to a formal rseaturant to ea pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I iwll go abkc entx year .
It was a ewl palnned for a holiday .
imchae , together iwt his wto friedn , daam na John dicded atke a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedha , Malaysi .
They search ro tickets fligth , renat car , an hotel .
ehy were oo excited an ca not wait to go there .
About one month befoer departure , they search voe the intrenet the placse thta might g interested in hteir mnid .
htere a Padnag Matsirat , Cbale Car , Mahsu Tobm , smla isaldns , Dcuk tru , beaches , spoping centre and hte most exictnig is to yu chocolates .
One day befoer ognig , Micahe sudednly having a problem .
He enesd to ofllwo h family to teh twon .
With all his hurt heatr , he tlo ih t friends aobut hte matte .
Adam na John was vre angry .
Teh said , they already planned na imchael happil ruine the vaaction .
Teh need to think agai abuot the budget a all of the utff .
imcheal na not stand aynomre , he scolded ihs friends and sayign osmething that anyone do no wa to hra .
His mtohre heard what had happened .
Seh tr to ahve a lswo talk wiht ehr os at his room .
She sa , money ca make everyon hurt if it is not settle down vrey wle .
After all the wise advises , ih mtoehr kissed him on his forehad .
Mihceal rty to think again wisely .
He accompnay his mother at eh end of ih room 's door .
Mcihale closed teh doro and kne at aht moment he had made a mistake .
He called back his freinds and manga to settle down all the mess up .
Ptere looked at ih awtch a knew htat he had to do something immediately but he forge what he ahd to do after thikni he rememebred that he hda to ivsit his rgandmother as she was ill and hsi motehr otdl him aht h grandmothre wanted to see he docto nad awntde him to take her by ih ra as adoctor 's cilinc far from her houes pteer decdied to go na he drov si c to h grandmother 's ohues in the next street fate he arrived , he as ih grandmoteh was waiting for him on the front of t steet he apologized to her adn asde her to com to the ra , " enve mind " she todl an ride ht ac beside him .
Peter drove hi car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he rrived na he adn si grandmtoehr go above through the stairs to raehc the doctor 's clinic aftre the rarievd tye found htta tye have to stay aperoid of time to take ih tur they waited and tne tehir tru ca .thye entrede teh dotco and the doctro wsa very kind he welcomed htem and afte check peter 's grandmother .
seh was vyr fin
There is a mna w is most important ro o 's life .
I am not different from that.there is a back staris influenec in my ilf he is noen but my aftehr .
I erspec ihm so umc and admire also .
He is my best rfiend who never hutrs me .
He alwa helps me by giving good advance .
He is an idea farme who nvere and veen tlels a lie .
Hsi maesn of livelihood is the smiplest .
He wlays honors teh oldset na taught us of aovdiing tells a lie.so far as I remember no da he sa advsiign me dudenly a old man entered the conversation and otdl a foolsih speech .
Neevtrheless my fahtre did n't tell him arrogantly but he mdae him knwo th right ihng politel .
he is a fluent spekare .
htat 's wyh I adimer him .
Everyone mak mistakes , No noe sa I have no amde nay mitsake in my life .
I ahv dae man mistake I guess .
But is hta big porlbem in our life or small problem or it really dse not mtter ?
Or do uo erally regretted what have you done ?
Travellign by car plays an important role in our ilef .
There ar a l of priva transport in the streets .
However rtavellnig by bus or tram nevre eg away from our dliy ortuine . Travelling by bus is not such convenien as gettnig a car , tu you wolu never know hwat can happen iwth yoru acr , wher it will stuck or some of toher accedine will ahppne .
Public tarnsport sa a timetabl .
This fact igve government such opportunity as manage the traffi on the raods , cities or twons streets .
Private transport igv us traffic jams , a lot of accident an stressful sitautions .
We a getitng nervous beacuse we are responsible n only ofr our ilf but other people , oto .
And also we ahev to understand that sue pubci transport is chepaer than es a car .
eh other side of the problem is ecolgoy .
yh do we think thta only conevnience can be the amni ponit of using a car ?
Wah can we say about oru ecological consciousness ?
te 's take a bicycel travelling to our school or jo inetad of using any pulbic or pirvate transport .
Trnasport is more ipmotrant fo uo life .
Publi transport is becoming no uftrue ebcause of travelling by car is mroe conneient .
Public tarnsport are not suitlbe fro luggage 's .
Trvaell pla nee to depend on public transport time .
It is more fun when we travelling by car .
We can paly music or ta anything ihle we trale in eh cra
Pubilc tranpsor is more broin .
If ther is no Pulbci transport in smo area , then we need to iher atx .
So If we have oru ac , it is much easier tah uisgn rtanpsort .
Dear Jo ,
H aer you ?
ince to erceive yoru lteetr dn learn hta you iwll be in Hogn Kong th summre .
ohn Kong is wondefrul place f shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
You can taste sea - fo in Sai Kung dn Abeedeen .
Visiting Big ubdda in Lamma siland , watch eh beautiful night viwe in th Peak .
Beside , Hon okng als has amn ocuntry parks f ihkking .
I am sure taht you wi love this country !
If you want to ifnd a j fro noyl three motnhs , I suggest oy can teach neglish for summer lseson .
In Hong Kong , most of stednt would liek to take osm courses in Summer ohldiay .
I will get some information ofr you if oyu have interest it .
Write to me if yo haev fixed your itinerary dn looikng forrad to see you in Hon Kong .
Ta
I thi public transport is paramount nowadays , but the fturue iwl deliver us sem kdn of different mesn of transport , usc as the car , se , a ac we have bne using lal uor lives .
ub this itme will be another story because in odre to save time and money we are going to use ou wo car .
te me exlpian my reasons , whne oyu drive your car you can take it rfmo your garage or in the main door of yuo hosue adn it egst you whateevr you awnt , but on ht otehr hnad if you take public transport it will be much moer uncomfortable because oyu mu catch the bsu in the bus stop ... hwere is you nearest bus sotp ?
The you mu pick eh subway to yoru destination , so that means a awste of time , otherwies is chepaer , tu hwat happens if you do n't ahev some coisn to pay teh b driver ? ehre cmoe t problem .
You shodl loo ofr a hsop to exchange yuor money itn coins .
What 's the itme , hten ?
Obviousl oy are late to wor , even if yo hav an appointment to amk an itnerview ofr a jo .
Alis read hte note , smiled , a immediately pu on her aot .
S reda a ont from her boyrfeind Tom .
She must go to a shopnig centr because Tmo is watiign ro re in t shopping netre .
They go to a enw fil about James Bond .
Alison is very ahppy bceaus s idd no see Tom ofr two months .
he msut stud in a difefrent countr and they not see eahc other for month .
Tom is sutdign in Lodno .
Alison go to a bus stop a she waitnig for a b .
She cna not wait to s otm .
When she arirevd at a shopping cnetre Tmo is already waiting .
They wnat to spend all eevning together .
The ilon ki is my favourite film .
It is the story aobu a ilttel lio a his lef .
Symba is teh mni hcraacter .
He msu began to be hte knig .
He livse on teh wli .
His fathe saves hmi of a fight but he died a Symab is sad .
He mov to another place because he did n't want to be on the same plaec where his fathre dei .
But he knows Timon na Pumba and tye eg aht Symba belive again that life is good .
Thne , Symb save to Pumba of a lion and thsi lino is anla oh is an old feind of Symba .
They retur a Symba gets to be teh lio king .
I wolu recommend this film becasue it is funny , etnertianing and you can aern principles .
My nem is shousheng and ilve in Monrteal Cana .
Alrough Cnaada is an English coutnry ohwevre in Mnotreal , the offiacl language is Ferac .
So I do not have opptunity to practical Egnilsh Becaues most of my colleagues speak French .
Tehy speak French in the emetin , in the gearm , a in teh shopping
My favourite sport is running .
hwen I hev a fee tmie I usually nu because I feel raell relax tfer th .
I started this sport sxi years ago dn I found myslef .
hwe I stop doing it for a weke , I feel that there is somtehnig missing and I 'm ont in a good shape .
I aivse veeryone to start hti sport .
In t afct , I nko it 's very difficult to do it if uo give it up .
But it 's ver ipmotrant for yoru heatlh .
Running will hel you bru calories an make oyu cla and realxe .
My favourite psrot is football .
I ilke fotoball becasu it miproevs my absci skills adn my mind deos on take taht much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active psort .
It is bewildering !
I wsa inspired by a rtu ledgne , his anme is Eadn Hazar .
He alys ro Chelsea .
My favourite teasm are Chelsae , Man city , Man nuietd , Real madri and barcelon .
Tha al I can sa . I love footabll very much
yes we can say taht fro car is much convneietn . ubt eevr perso coul no be fafrod ac .
even that price heind fuel ro cra .
htta 's fisrt fact .
nad the secodn no is that afshion or style of yuong epopl oh do n't lkie more go somewhere usign a ca tha kie .
fatre that las poin we na n go everyhweer using a acr we would lik .
aht haev limitation asl there .
migh be somayn peop are lkiing beacues theer rae so many esrvice with it .
but it does to mnas that upblic trnapsort is ont ahvnig futu .
thta fact beihn esnse because maintainance of public trnasport is not responsiblity of tarvele .
if we want to cou function of public transoptr becaes it 's not enoug wrosd to ya . btu pbuli transport is most need sevrice in ibg city as wle as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to fidn sigths to see in such a big cyt like Moscow , but when oyu have a wied vareity of museums , aprks , culsb , y will try to visit only best onse .
Let 's olok at ht most popular places hwere touirsts prefer spending htier fr time in Moscow .
I 'm sure i 'll agre that the Red Square is ht most popular sight in cpatial of Russia .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey fr this alce .
Yuo ac get ehre by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
orm hte Red Square uo can easiyl see Mosocw Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , teh State Histroiacl Musemu nad Gu Trading Huos .
If yuo are diyn of hunger you can have a qcik snack at Teremok ca or have a saure meal at the restaurant # 57 , whhc on the the htir floor of hte G .
I preefr spending my fer time in ht prask .
Grok Prak is my favorite place for my lieusre .
It 's a capit 's central park where you 'll iwnd lots of intersetign affiars .
There are lots of afcilities such as sports cnetr , nig pon club , hire centre et .
ehre is an opne - ri cinme , tu it pones only after 10.00 PM .
So , if you awnt to ahev a memorable ohliday , ht capitla of Russia is ht omst tatractive plaec .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is from Giresun .
He like playing mboiel hpon , playing bsaketball a reading a book .
He is hobbie lsite to music , play computer game , wacth t foobtall amthc and watch TV .
These ar my frneds hobbies .
I 'd like to talk abuot my past .
I 'm lny ffitene yeasr old but I think I hva a haev past ..
rist , I 've always ilved in a kni of little flat wihch is a socia logement .
We di n't have a ol of money bu I went to a privtae eleemntar school .
There weer a l of ri poepl , maybe we were abuot t to one uhndrde to living in a house .
I had a l of friedns , too mcuh rfiensd ..
At sixth grade , I realized taht the d n't really love me , or even ilke me .
I reemmber two contrats moments : O ad we hda to create a team to mek an exercise whic sued brain , they chose me .
Althoguh , another tim , we ahd to create a tae of doing sport , na they did n't choose me .
Taht get to the escond problme I had , nad stay now : my weight .
htey did n't chosoe me becuaes of my ewgiht .
I sa too af , too much f .. I looked at my health booklet one mnoth ago , an I saw aht I hav ebne ovewreigh since I 'm four years old .
nutil sixth grade , I thought I aw " nomral " , ubt tehn all changed ..
Learning neglish is very miprotant by hte future of la .
Is a language tta many peolpe speka and konw .
Many eppole satrt learning gnlish at school .
Laet , the pepol continu in language schoosl .
Is a difficult alnguag , so , hte best option is to go abroad .
In an English spekaing ocutnry , everdya you learn to li .
Peopl pseakin diffeernt but wiht a bsaic veel unedrstadn English .
It is diffciult to go to a plec uknnown iwth different peolpe btu is a good experience to lran .
I tnik if the whoel world has only on lanugage woudl be better .
Everyone clud speka dn understand .
ont so , hterfeore , we muts study very English .
Because of her sugegstion , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing iwht afilrues adn kep telilng msyelf htat was n't a gi sahme bceause I ahd hda tried my best .
Thus , I becem moer marue because I oevrcmae tohs hdr time .
I lki walknig in teh morning every day and I enjo donig it with my nw or iwt my freinds , and beacuse it 's very sueful f my haelth and aos it keep my bdo healtyh adn full of eneryg .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especilaly in teh sunn da with a hig tmeperaturse , but that ca n't lte me otp doing this psor .
whe I 'm awlikng , that na refresh me all the item a makes me feeling good .
I wtn to give advice to peopl who love thign tyep of sport ; please do no lte it go , adn do it as y c , because it 's a benfeit soptr .
Hi , everyoen .
i good iae to improve my English wrtiin .
I 'd like to psea t education prcoess in Egypt .
I ahv just rgaduaetd for fcaulty of law " English division " from two yras ago , with very goo gdae .
eh ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to ahv good job in my specialization ilke a alwyre .
Bu in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a j or knowing someone use hsi uathroity to appoint you .
So , I inetnde to get a job in antohre state ilke udbia , I ehar jsb there is rey goo nad aslo t compensation . I ahve subimt my CV in variosu jobs .
but waht is ht common rep ?
yuo qualifications rae ont satisfied , You msut be UK Or USA educated .
Fianlly , I see tta I have very hgih marsk in educaitno ubt not have the abliit to wokr in t rael life because in Egypt tehre is ht wrost education .
Thanks .
1 ) I lik helping peopl
2 ) ot offerde to go to hte cinema .
3 ) Meryy refsued borroiwng mone .
4 ) ac we aofrd to purchase a car enxt yae ?
5 ) I lo forward to meet you .
6 ) Th mvoei I watched med me cr .
I do not thkn , it 's eays to do research in India .
Even if onc a time , I awn to ofcsu on my work they will create one or the ohte issu to disrtatc me .
I will make my ow apth , thohg it will be difficult ofr me .
But it wli be very romnatic to be with my girlfriend na fight iwth the ysste .
We egnerally ues eh wodr " tsress " whe we feel hta everything eems to hvae become too much - we are overoldaed adn wonder wehther we really cna ocep iwth teh pressures lpaecd upon us .
We can hcang everything hurt us if we nede if we have volition
The reasons fo stress are roe diverse perhaps bceasue we have an exma period , family porplems or bacuse we tihnk in negative w , or we destroyde oureslves in long hours of working an canceld ou needs fro enough cofmortabel , dn lots of reasons to stress ...
We mu get out of the stres qcikly beroe les ourself becuaes it 's very hutrful peoid , fro exampel yuo acn erad a ook , doing sport , play umisc , eating delicious food , rmembeer ll the positive thnig aws otko place with you , talk abou someone w trust for ihm , take off veery tihng make oyu ups and make oyu ilef tiring , go out and eat mea wit your best jokign frined , adn there a lot of oy hav to do ...
Remember the stress is not lastign tihng , an y can avoid it
But if you are willing to live in happy life .
Dea isr
I am writing to copmlain about the cef - Lunch menu .
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of imprvoement .
Fisrtyl , I am a evgetarian and I do n't have muc ohice of vegetables .
Seconldy there are not much vareit of edssetr mainl frutis dn puddings .
htree is not muhc variety of healthy rdinks , thre ont muc hot drin as well .
Some people asy aht in my colleg ra vegetarian , Muslim , evgna e.c.t an they do not hvae much variety of ofod to hcosoe like haall meat na evg and nothign that comes fro anima .
It is conisdeerd aht y change the type of food regularyl .
Reduce the fast food that amke people obese and not healthy .
It iwl be better if you gave dirkns compared to eh weather like whenever its wintre we wolud like a hot rdin and if it is summer we wolu kie a chilled drkn .
I hope you conisder htsi major prbolem in the cfa .
Thank you .
Yrus faifhully
edar rm Ashby ,
I 'm writnig to uo regarding of a letter I 've se on my way home calnig ro candidates to fill a vaacnc in oyur cfae staff .
As requested , I 'm an Enlgish - speaking guy an currently looking for a jbo that doe n't disrupt my tsudie at college .
For taht raeosn , thsi job is perfectly siutalbe fro me adn , ebsides , it showed up as a good opporutntiy ro me to miproev my inocmign hlepin me payi my bills .
Nwo I am twenyt five years old and whne I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
eh ifsrt time in Londno , of 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
I actually loved it uqtie a lot , I just loved all the ussepnse dn t parts they elaev oy hanging , it 's just way too niteresting , the movie is about the maerican government who annually igves 12 huors where ll crime , even murder , is legal , and there rae no medical esrvicse duirn that olgn eprio of hwat tehy call " ht purge " and anyon can jo it , y acn kll whoever y awnt .
The thing is , some epopel do n't think it 's ok , dn they do n't agree , so they ujs stay inside an try to surviev teh night .
The diagrams illustarte hte porces about produicn bank ntoes .
At teh first geinning , bank ntoes sohuld be well - deisgned considering hte ocolur matching adn artwork includin the issues auot safety .
After designing , emtla plate are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machniitss .
hte , it comes to teh prtning step .
Ensuring htree is colour on toh sides , image is increased gently by a cerian ytpe of nik .
Mo improtantyl , bfeoer idstribution , printed shete wiht 50 ban notes ep sheet vae to be checkde whethre they are of eprfcet quality or not .
Tehy can noly be pakced dn distributed when hte er with ogo qulaity .
In other owrsd , bot ba seets an the ones which are speerated badly need destroying in a sfae way which can stop them form gnig itno th amrekt .
That 's how bank notes aer produced fro pepr to the one we acn purchase goosd in our daily life .
nay people eblieev that nowday tree is no future in publci transrot , becuase travelling by cra is so muc mer convenient , btu others continu with the tough that they do help for exmapel of travelling f long disatnce .
I believe toh ra useful .
Fristly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to rtaevl by these transports .
The ticket deos nt cost to mutch and it is avalbe of hte majority of eh eppole at least comparign to buying a ac .
Secondly , public transports are moer efcient to travel for olng distance than cars dn people woudl nt have to purchase combusitlbe .
When people a avabile to atvel to otre continents or fa away , they may ende a alne , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because hte have tu corss ocnas nad clomlpciated distacnse that ahev different landforms .
However , a ra is somethin witch is from the person an he c do wathever he wants and find it in teh same w he or hs left it , and sometimes public sports ar nt left in t ebs awy .
In addiino , oy have to hsaer with pepole you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt se again .
Consqeuesntyl yo can be stole or get sick .
ubt , by obseving all thse people you cna ri yourself with different cultures and manners t otehr have na incorporate ne tpoics .
To conclude we cna establish a middle point .
Publ sprost are suefu btu sometimes inconvenient ubt omr cehaper . You cna gte to knwo ne poelpe an diefrent cultures .
When I was 12 , I went in France for the first item in my lif .
That was my first tem on holiday in another country taht aw n't nuorth Italy .
I rmeemebr i wo up at 6 o'clokc ro too the train dn ewnt to Paris in France .
Afetr 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable esat , we arrived at the train station an then my parents and me ewnt to hte hotel .
We fisited a lot of monuemnts , muesum a churces , like eh Louvre with eh Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That week I felt happy dn relaxed bu I sa a little bti asd hwne we returned in Ital .
I am waiting only to go tree aonthre tmi !
Nowadya my people have their own tranpsrot , for example they have cars .
Transport is eh best situation fo people to acn travel around a country .
iwthotu transport pepol can ont go cak to work nad do something esl .
Wiht pubci rtansport , is hte bets way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay a full amoun because they have amyn people who enteer the ub .
Public transopr heepd us to know uor country na improve ours bo to move one palce to antoher .
F exmaple , we should awkl to go in a lpcae wheera a c ac prak in the place which we want to go .
It help us in many difficult wsy , if tye vae a problem we cna take a bus nad go there .
It iwl be mroe appropirate for us .
lal villgae tehy have a bus - stop where ht bus stpo to take or leave passengers .
dn soem su dvie at ngith to take apsesngers .
Witohut it many peoel wli have many difficult to go somweehre or to return home .
Hoewver , they have moe disavdatnages wiht a pulbic trnasport , they gev many traffic jam , thsi is becaes the bus a large an difficult to control .
If th roasd er amll , hte bu owuld go in the steret .
eh bu would not leav the passengers wehr they want to go , becuase tehy vae to leave the in ht bus - stop .
Day by dya hte count deevlop more na moer , nowadyas thye have trains .
amyn pepoel travel by tarin because teh rarive more faster htan the bus nad cheaper in a long run .
Teh public tarnsport wlil hev many uftuer because soem people vae no money to buy thri own c .
upblic transoptr hva help us in mnay differnet ways .
It will better if htey have public transport .
Dear Kuba !
Do yoru family is hpayp th yuo come abkc ?
A you fine ?
I am writing to lel uo that I have known my aunt Lisa when I sa in London lsat month .
We met aech ohter ntx to Oxford Strte , when I aw going to a supremarket .
hs went with me and we atkl abuot everytihgn !
She is vrey interesting and wise person , ub the bse is her humor .
We are going to travel to eh Frnace in hti holiday .
It is fantatsic ! I ca n't wiat .
iksse
Ola
Nowadys using pulbci transport is consider to be ht mts convenient
way to move around .
It porvdies tiizen t freedom to relxa dn discnoenct whiel going home or to work .
Howere , taking oyur own car is teh umc more usfeul .
An for htsi reason I honestly thin it iwll be the olny means of trnasport in th future .
Y also saked aobu eh elisrue activities in Spai .
Well , let me etl that tree a lots of wyas to hav a godo time tree .
For me , teh most interesitn one is sigthseeing around eh icty and discover tis omnuments and landmarks .
However , there are asl an endless of leisure activitie scuh as giogn shopping or oging to museums , to cinemas or to beuatiufl pakr
If it were to enough , yo will be bale to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of o nightlife , goin to restaurants , to lcusb or luonge absr .
In my otwn people er evry educated dn ve aware of hte environment , th knwo evry well taht if we atke care of the environment then it will useuf for us only , so htey always take crae baout hte rubbishes and try to elan the village .
Whenever tye a iong to uotsdie always keeping the plastic ab iwht them so whatever rubbish thing ehy will not thrown to ht orad or outsid .
they always keep the rubbish na dust to lpasitc bag and tne they throw to dust bin
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creatoi migth be a godo idea of Cloomiban education improvement , ubt it iwl be appropriate to be awaer that Colobmia actualyl sa pulbi csholos wi a basic education hwere Egnlihs is considered as another aacdmeic subject , in contrast tih the private onse .
Becaus a majority of do n't ahev enough resourcse to pay fo it .
The whloe picture convesy us the precss of making nak noets .
It depends fvi main steps hwihc include deishg , preparation of metal paltse , printnig , inspectino , packagign dn distraction or siposal depends on whether th fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , teh design is t omst preivous ya we sohul know , hwich is considered with hte background cloro dn artwork .
Seocndl , we need preparatio of emtla plat htat subsidiairz wtih skille machinst .
nad hte we need printing and inspection .
Eventually , the most sesential aprt comes out , we nede significate the uqaliyt of the sheest .
If it 's good , packing and ditsriubtin whereas the others suolde be distroyed as well .
In concluisn , the whole pra of process is an unreversed shcdeule .
It cosumemed the power which conatined the huamnity nad cahinic .
Nevertheless , in my opinion hte most preicou of the revlotuion is t modern escurtiy meausre thorug such a tui - developed society .
To beign iwht is deisgn , we are alb to cosnidreate backgroud clooru , atrwork , dn secruity isseus , and the , we a suppoesd to preparing mentla paltes , scuh as skliled na machinsits .
Secondly , rpinting -- includgn sheetsof bkn noets , printed(50 bank ntose pre sehte).There aer sem requestion -- colour on both sid , special ink , iamges slgihtl riase .
The sot important step is inspection that the pirtned sheets suold manulaly inpsected .
If partiall damagde sheest eixs , t ban toes sohudl espaarted in good an bad .
In hte end , if it is a good sehet , eh porcedure is packgaing and distribution , includnig cutting inot separate bkn notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad shee , the porceder is disposal --ab sheetsand bank nets shoul be securely destroye .
I do to kwo frmo where I can satr .
Back in t 40 's , Caior was considered as noe of teh lceaenst dn the friendly environmental cit aruond the world , vee cleants htna Pari or other cities in ueorpe .
ubt ht tmi is changes dn things aer changing iwth it .
Nowada , Crio ac be cosnidered as no of - if not the mso - the dritiest city in hte world .
Rubbish is everywhere , peolp finsih their food adn throw empty ba in the srteest isntea of hodling it unti thye ofnud a trahs .
So , t ugly truht is my countr is n't clae a people do nothign towards tsi .
In tihs picture teher is a ma behnid a counter in a shpo .
Tehr aer lots of guns on the wall .
In teh rihgt conre there 's a isng whic says that in thsi shop it 's not to been allowed to se knivse .
It is a fatc that on t en hand you vae the opporutnity to buy adngeorus weapons nowadays btu on the other hnad we are unbale to mangae tsi stiuation correctly .
It is teu that tehr a an increas on violneec in ht past and it is our dut to tell our hcildren tta a wrodl without guns are a better world .
It sa alet Summer in Airca .
xa and his famliy da been in tehir holdiyas for t wesk now , this yaer they ahd decdied to do a safri as a new exepreince .
Unfortunately Max was no as excited as his famliy , he had never ebne really into naimal .
He oln enjoyed staying at th hotle to watch teleivsino .
" Max , wa up ! " his mo sdi .
On he id , he went walikgn outsied eh hotel for ht first item .
Tdoay fro some raesno he gto tihs feelign that osmething interesting will happen .
He walked a walk thinking wah coul it be , utni aftre a nog itme walikng he realised he d not nkwo where he sa .
Sudednly , he ehard soemtihng , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
And htne he realised it was an enuoromus , lion .
Mxa freeze he di not nkow waht to do .
The lion was egtting clsoer an when he recahed amx he laey on eh floor a olokde at the byo .
M for osme reason stroked him nad teh ilo smiled .
Bu suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mu."Max wehr aer you ? " hs screamed , the lion dsisapea in one secon , runinng .
So Max wlakde inot her , nad said " hre mom , do n't owryr let go into the hotel . "
Max spend ht erst of the dya thinkign in thta lion uitl he go nito ih room."waht an mazin da ! "
Max whispreed to hmiself as he gto itno be htat night .
Dear teahce :
I am oyur nwe student , Zhen Xuna Wang .
I come from Taoyna dae .
I like rdiin my bicycle in the streest .
I am studiyng in Ynug Feng ihhg school .
to olgn ag , I no first rpiez in math ocmpetitions in scho .
rpesidential electio will ebgi in Taiw next year .
I look frowrad to reslut released .
All eh itme , we are learnin moer f our avriuos wishes .
My goal is an admissino of National nuiverstiy .
Best regadrs ,
oyu sutdnet , Zhen Xuan Wang .
continue the tsudy
na one in the world ahs fturue Goal .
My utlmiate aim is to continue my study .
unfourtunitly my previuo study aw in Arabic .
tih matter prevetn me fmo achievnig my Goal .
teh mo diffucalt area in Englsih I suffer from is ht wrtiing .
I ahv no issue in readign speaking or lesining .
As part of my aln to improve the Egnlsih skils , I decieed to secrh on the intrenet f an free program whhc can hepl me f th improvmeent plna in the Egnlish writing .
I fonud oyur be site dn this my first rt .
.
ther a mnay differences bwteen o computers an t n ones .
ofr exampl , new comptuersare msaller in size than t old computers , also they are fasetr adn mroe efficien , teh vae bteter reoslution na a giger memory to asve files an othe satf lik apps
Tireset is a ltilte won situate in ht nrod - east of tialy .
We have idversifie havrest like in ht rest of teh wolrd , no noly in t huosse ubt also in every public building .
of xeampl in our school there is the possibility to collect papre and plastic in different bose .
In the lsat year some ploitical emn have decided to upt in ordre our icty , so for example they put agin to place eh roads .
In the middle of the principal street , htat is entx to ht sea , there is a didier with a lot of flewrs and plnats .
So the amibenta mipac is very tatractive .
We have still man problems to slove in our cti .
Teher are n't boxes for urbbish in veer codnominiu , and we hevn't the harvest of the dapmness tah is present in many ohter towns of Italy .
Another problem is that ht citizen of Trisete do n't pay attentino at th bmiental problems of htei cyt .
Fo example , when a na or a woamn ha edned to somke he / she throws ht earth cgiarette on in the rgith bxo .
In toher countries it woul be impossible , because if someone wnated to do this , he 'll ceeive a bill to ya .
I htikn it would be important that , on only in the faimly , but laos in the school could be gro a new generaion sesnbile to eoclogiacl proble of hte earth .
In thi aw we can have eh posisbiltiy to hcang .
Hi .
Today a lot of people do psorts , b a sports aer ont amused .
It 's great ro me wiret aobtu the sport and health .
hwen I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
I smoetimes played at rbeak of school in teh monrign .
Thi soprt sa ve happier ofr me ub a ya I broke my lge and then I nveer played mor of football .
I haev to do jogging a few eyars ag .
I have often finished very itred becaues I never do sport .
Becuaes in occasions It 's very bored .
Although I do jogging I also do othe sport the swmimin .
I bena practise this spotr trhee yaers a when I lost my wor .
I usually go two da a veek but the henxt moht I am goin to go three or fuo dasy a weke ebcuase I hop to be a local competition .
I go swimming a publci pool .
The public pool is near my hsue .
On th one hand This sport is goo for my heatlh I stay ti .
On the ohtre hand I have mte a lot of epople , htey are vrey friendly .
And finally nol I tell you htat y shuold do some sport It is good for us life .
See yuo .
Jerry era the email nad decided to go to t spoping cnerte immediately .
At this moment he had woke up .
He noticed hta he is trembilng " it aws jsut a dream " - he thought .
He had aonhter week to fi a birhtdya present .
Hsi uncle 's brithday hounding hi because he doe n't kno whta he shlud uby for him .
He already had enqurie abuot tihs all the family , boody has't die whci woul be godo enough .
Thne he found tah he just will go to the fsihin sho and request f help shop asisstant .
As he tohught as he doen .
It was erat idea !
ht man was professional , and gvae him accurate piecse of advice .
He had buohgt teh best of all presents .
Ucnle Tmo was delightde an poru of me .
ff eh t of ih ehda he hda asked ihs nephe to go to th fiihng together .
Jreyr sia taht he would be pirvlieged .
It emegred that that oyun boy have a good head f fishing and on they ar always go to eh fisihng tgoethe .
I do n't ahve a favorite soprt .
I practise a lot of sports , and n I 'm going to tell a over the .
I like runni , ri my bik , pyang fotoblal , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
Wta I lki to ur is to go the moutnian and nejyo th landscape .
hwa I like to go bike is doin rouets dn ve long pash .
I like footbll ebcaues it is a sport that I practiced from small adn I htnik htta is the te sport more ufn an exciting .
I like sikign because it is a sport that I also ddi from slal I like large speed nad lower living at high tlitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like to clim btu it is a sport that I just straetd ... ubt I want to kee rpactising it dn kpe elarnin new tihgns .
Teh issue of atknig car of the environment is very topical in hte modern world .
Aomunt of garbage is encreasing at th sa time iwth encresaing amoutn of humans .
The grwoht of consumption in developing coutnrise eldas to encreasing consumption mro eneyg , water and toher sources .
Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in these countries as a result .
This probelms ra toipcal in ou city Ky to .
Nowaadys our lacl gvoermnet is making osme desisions for improving the situation .
It is oging to build sevral modern cobmustio palnts , soem programmes for discrete rubsih collection are implementnig .
There aer a lto of icitzens movement execpt oficial cativitise .
People roginise ocmmo action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
Some cativists plant uot trees in spring .
These activities especially hvae a place in spring dn in uotumn .
I hoep thta most of t big enterprises , planst a stations will be taekn otu of teh icty border .
tsi day the transportation become so rcawda .we hav a lot of cars in ht streets .
ehre are a lot of accidents because nay pepole driving so fas .
we shuodl put ma cameras in hte steet to nko oh is caues of htsi accidents .
if ever bo know tha the ra a punishment for what th do dn no boyd can esacp from wha he did I gues we will ahve a we of trnasportations accident .
Everyno is cricoius abuot making bna nose .
No I wlil tla about THE PROCESS OF MANiG BANK NOTES .
The ba noets is desgine considreately , woekrs nee to design it backgrounds coler and artwrok .
Whta"s more , the noets iwll also be rpinted obn sceurity issues .
Then , the ontse wi be prepared wti metal plates .After that , prniting , the notes wli be printred in colour on obth sides with special ni and it wil iamges sightly riaesd .
A new peice of bank ontes is prinetd completely .
Gdo part of them wli be packaged adn disturbed .workesr wll cut them and deal with tehm carefully .
ers of tme will be disposaeld .
Dear Jo ,
I ihnk that Cáid is perfect pla to meet , because Cáidz has coast , sea , adn mountais .
Teh pepole is vre ki dn funny , adn is a evr chepa city .
In Cádi , in summer there are a ol of oportunitis to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful icty an you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
Cádiz has got a l of amaizng beaches .
Almost , yo are a grta tahltee so , Yo oculd teach surfing , ofotblal or other psrots .
on ht ohter hnad , in Cádiz there are a lot of bras , so , you could fdn a oj wti waite .
I hope I hleepd y .
isnce I was seevn years old tta I am on my city 's basketbal te , nad I have no doubt that playni basketball is oen of the things that I enjoy the most in my lif .
I like basketball because , beside the benefit that it brings to yoru health and physical - wlel being it is als a relly good hobby .
Another reason w I liek it is ebcause it is a team oprt so you ca leanr an evolve with teh .
You also g to me a l of people in tournaments or vene in normal games .
I really thkn th everyone shoudl tr it bceasue it is ufn dn helatyh .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writin this letter for a compiant abou the CPU that I buoght last ewek .
I ordre 2 NVDiIA Tg 018 bu until now I do n't hvae my roedr in my hand .
I ene the CPU as osno as posslbe na bfeor 17 mrahc 107 .
If unli 17 Macr my order no cmo yet I will canle my odrer na I wna 100% refund for my money .
I think you should be omer on tmi or you will get a bad rating fro your costumer .
Thnaks for all and I wtn my money back if I on ey get my c .
I hoep I will eg me order and I hope you iell be more on tiem f ht costumer order shipipng .
htank you
your Sincerely
Nowadays , peoel are gettnig more indepednent , na mroe tah this problem , society now nee to show th other this independenec na control of hteri own ilves , ihch include cars , houses a materials .
On hte noe hand , travelling by car ac be an excelelnt ya to move yorueslf for where uo want to go , withou going on foot to find your bus station adn becomes lss important if you live in the centre of yoru won or in t sbuursb .
Aonther advantage of travlelign by acr is that uo do n't have to spend time iating for your other transpor , as also as you c avoid the confusion of people hta are in the subway sttaiosn every omrning to te in ht len uo want to arvie at wokr in time .
On teh other hand , public transport are the only resoruce some peolp have to mo on , and more than exceelnt to the environment , it 's laso a ogdo way to avo rtaffic and sned money on petrol , cne it 's chepare if yo ctac a su .
Anoteh disadvanteg is hta uisng t car na be uslees in so sitauiton , lki if uo go to a football agm by car , oyu probably wo n't have a pcae to aprk it .
In conlcusion , cars wo n't elt upblci transports be forgot , noc mro tna providing hte only way smo people hva to travel , cars ar n't so convenient for soem situaitons .
I thnik oy msut go to a lraeg school in the otwn becau here y can have more friedn and oy ac do a lo of ohte thinsg tah yo acn do in the countrysdie .
I raelly wna to go to a big school in teh town bacuse ehre in the countryisde I ac go ou with my friends or go sohppin with the .
I the town yuo na do everything fun .
You can go to ht hsopping , to hte halfpieps , to the sktaeparks and you can do a ol of otre cool thnisg wi yuor rfiedns but in the countryside no .
ubt yo muts go to hte school thta yo want , tih is jsu my advice ok ?
I really wa that you be happy wit your new lief .
A big kiss and a big hgu
nana
I think that hte faimly and friends are the most ipmoratnt in our lives becuase if oy hvae some problmes they are always he adn they try to ehl you .
Thes peopl c influence in o lief fo exmaple , if y vae a abd friends yuo become a bad person and you will hav prolbe in your li.so , your educaoin depends on the poepel aorun oyu .
It is not important if htees peop ar firends or family , th c change our ilvse f better or owrst , deepnd on you choose eh bes thnig that it ca help you .
As we kon , in ru days everything is possible .
We ahve so many advantegs htta make uo lives easi .
Even the ya of studynig ahs cahnged .
In egnera , people have t possoliity to study in libraies or isng th moputers .
Stduying in librraies asks a lot of qiuet an patience .
There you must n't speak lauedr nad oyu always have to wait for oyu turn to borrow soemthin or you haev to wait if another student has th book uo nee .
Personalyl , I tnik studyign on a ocmputer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm not saying that just beacues of t aesy aw by oy can study wha oy want .
Studynig usign a computre offers oy the possibility to be omer relaexd when you do it .
In tihs w , uo na amyb reda aloud .
If I wree a student that suuall studise in a libarry I would definietyl rt to stud on a computer .
In this way I wolu n't wtse a lot of tem .
If somebdoy sasy htat hter is no future for public transprot i imn imemdiately . tod there are to mna vehicles in ou street .
the roda are chokc a blkc.ereybody sa a private acr .
poeple is thinknig obut comfortabel ilfe instead of environment and ocst savign .
Hi , Shannon :
baou my to in teh future .
It will be very different .
Meanly , the change in t environment .
Asl , every year , hteer are more companies htta produce different typse of pollutio in ru plan .
For this , I thkn that t climate will cahneg in 20 yea .
Therefro , teh namials do nto survive with this clmiate .
Alos , hte humans ca n't go to the Street lal day , oln a fwe hours for the hot climate .
The vie tree iwll be ahrmfu f everybody !
We need to do somehting to bae ht wordl !
aht do oyu htnik baotu thsi ?
Take care ,
Cnochi .
The members of my Family ar certain my real bts firedns , whose i can trus and as everyihng without shameless or rergets .
I htnik tehy er our first friends and o first cnofidents .
All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
Thionk abuo family 's routi .
Every morning teh atek breakfast togeth , speaking abo things not to important .
They listen to you , discuss our prolbmes .
Sorr for taking too long to g abkc to you , it 's the end of eh quarter and you kwo hwo crazy is this preiod fro a asle mna .
Y , you can sahre my ocntact .
I would li to unedrstand the benefits of an MBA at MiD and ohw it wuold help me on my acree .
Talikn about t wordl uc a little .
Watchin to ou natioanl teams gmase , I got th conclusion hta we hva no need to ehck our heart conditoin .
rbazi an Nederland agmse ree a real etst f our health .
Wah do you think ?
I appreciate your support .
Kni Regards .
Accdring to the reality a ol of youn people are n't very commuincatde in their lief .
They think their life is so boring na also evry mad .
ubt I tihkn different .
Fro example in your childhood you rae muhc more ahppiest than yoru apernts ebcause their oj is not ver esa .
htey ahve to loo aftre their children dn it 's ver srtessed I think .
Msot teneager ca n't understand htta , adn thye think that th jo of their paernts is not diffiuclt .
Firsyl , young people usaully cla do trough teh suic for eaxpmle classic music .
But omts of you sicety rae not interested this pye of umsic .
ofr instance htey prfeer opp or als rock music .
Through uo listen ht umsic oy acn xepressed yo meotions a this is the omst beautiful thing .
Seconldy , htey kie watching series in a TV .
Tha mak their happy and adiditonally mkae uod .
Usually the watch criminal serie becasue it 's ve itneresting nad raelly msyteriou .
etenagers ahev different styles .
A lot of yougn mans love wearin ejans and t - hsirt .
Because it 's ve comfortable .
But rils love wearing sikrt and snug hsir .
I tnik the stlye is very important in oru ilfe .
Arcoss tsyle we c epxrses uo emotions nad feelings .
In conclusion life of yonu eppole is ont very easy .
We ha a l of hnappy days an we have a to of rpoblems too .
hi my nmae is daria i am 17 yeasr ol and i am footballre . I aws bo too be a footbaelr .
We wer plyaign everyday footblal in ht scholo and I sa hte best .
I was even better than the older hcidlren everyone was telling me ot go to a tae .
bu i dident had too do aynthin , a taem took when i was 11 years lo .
eh na of the team wa Katsa .
i w at th aem ro 5 years nad the made me even bettre in footabll .
I played my first match at 16 yaer old and i felle very psecia because i was 16 na i w capable of puttin 3 gaols .
I played so godo that evreyone gav me cnogratulations tu hta s to all en of th best tema of the wor wanted too take me .
I aw vrey hpapy adn of cours i agreed .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with tah .
Already , ro only 20 years a lot of thing because of th technology .
dn I think tta iy 's no a etchnology lil change but t pepol and theri caarcterse themselves .
Unforutnlay , ro this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , al relation iwl bceome a virtual relationship .
The good wes is the avearge of peopl who acn tak advtnage of the technology can econoimse a lot of time because the might have a sophisticate rboo can help at moe .
cacoridng my expreienec , if we do n't eaxgerat the wa we ues tecnhloogie li internet , hpone , satellite .
It wll be the good thing that we can spend our itme of a godo thing
In some people 's lives the most ipmortant is to wra fashionable clotse .
On the one hdn , I think it is ipmortant tolook good , bu soemtimes the latest fashion is to the best choiceto eel happy and comfortable .
For xeample , wo the hig - heeld shoes is vyr tren btu it ocsts a ol and the mots woman deos n't look ogdo in it .
On the otehr hadn , hte personality is more important and detreminative than an expensive dres , it is a fact .
Butif sobeody wants to follow the latts fashino , I accep it , because hse just in those clothes feels good .
In conclusion , my opinno is that the personaltiy is mor importnat htan the clothes we wear , but eveyrbdoy has ih own life dn a choice to decide waht s wnast .
Transportation is en of th most essential aptr of our ya to day life ; whether it is ppuilc or private , transport tase the same proirity in each no 's ilfe from th very early adsy .
Basaclly , we 've land , water and air rtanspotr for relibal puopse .
In th a before the industriailsatoin cem in to exsitance , people were also using various alternativse to tarevl for en place to anohtre .
They mostly depend on animal to make cart to rdi on them .
hten hte tcehnloogy imprvoed gradually toawrd emchanical engines to make hte transport more conivinent .
The edveolped version of ll those engiens aer es in the urnning vehicels of land , wtaer and air which make o ilfe more fasetr .
But in hti moedrn e of globalisation , global warimgn is on of th pirme concern of the earth .
And when we loko at the modern technolgoise of transprotaiton , it glacne no futuer for public transport .
It is inevitably treu that , excessive use of pubilc trasnpor leads to ihgher level of pollution .
So , it wuold ebtter to go ro ayn other alternavie of green technology for futuer pprose to make thi world a better plca .
Yesterad , I had a wonderful ad .In the morni I went to a Galciina basketbal training wi a coach of Spanish selection , when finsihde net to my parents to a hotel to eat an saty with osm friedn , afetr the food meet wiht firend 's of my aprents and ewnt to a theme pakr and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was veyr excitnig na we aet a chocolaet cie cream , it aws dleicoius .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball aegue , Obradoiro vesru Real Madrid dn that match wo eh taem of eral Mdarid adn thne I ewn ho to slpe .
htis is my wonderflu da .
whe I fni me in Lnodon , I 'm going to the buckingham palace locaetd in ht city of westminsre an I 'll see your art galelry dn tourist attraciton of the British monacrhy
cnotinu in Londo , I lil visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that hvaign a full day of guiedd outodor gems and activtiise for perservatoin thereof par
follow in olndno I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the b ben that is t omst baeutiful bulidng in all its splednour when I will take pictures
taer , I 'll take the undreground of Lond that is a public fast transit syste , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the statoi webmely prak I gnig to the wembley tsadium wher I wil enjoy an veenign of football , the match started at 8:00pm
My favorite abnd is " cbjr " , its a brazillain ba , hte type of msui is rock nad rap , yours music are very easy to single .
I eralyl ilk , in the moemnts when I am listernning utrn up t arido , bu the singles a died .
Generally speaking , it has been suggesetd that mide - sex education will improve to eh deger of learning system at schools .
In another way of syain , this kdn of education system suold be icnluded in th whole alsses in all schools .
Hwoeve , I strognyl believ thta hte measurement of eudcation level does not exlpicitly interest iwth sex diffreence in the classes , ubt also it is related to teh qualiyt of education level in the schools .
Eudcatio ah a crucial part in one society and it 's futur and by imporvin ht level of educations ysstem , sutdnets can elarn mer effectively in their entire educatoi lfie a hteri acreer but al their skills will be miproved by thsi precss .
Nwoadays , unfortunaetly , students can not kae enoguh education fmo their schoosl hwerea in some poor countries .
Their systems are no longer thta good enou and students wi not make a ogdo career for thier future .
On the other ahnd , by building more fefective learning system wcih iwl provided by olacl authroiyt , students will encouraged them learn mro efficien .
Lack of teahcnig awy , poor audience of the lcas , quantiyt of learning materials , f instnace , all of thes matters should be enhanced until teh goo qaulity hsa bne set up in ht system .
Besides , by putting these nids of porcedure , students lil als gai mer respcet towrads career and htei job .
Hopefull , htey wlil recah not olny earn more omney in thier entir life bu laos society will ahev more development shape in any other developde counites .
It is rtu tha coeducation can motive the student while the wkr with other sex grou students , we ought to slo bra in mdn , tihs is to noly solutoin to ge best ersutl .
Threeofre , we sholud ocnsidre oehr kinds of rpoblem whci afeftc on education systme .
In a nutsehll , absed on the above - emntioend pnit such as , qualtiy of edutaions system n onl niteersts wiht mxi - eduactoin ub also it iwl need some good soultiosn in som subjects that mentioned .
It is personlal ocncludde htta htis kinds of developments will be tu in hte action ofr al shcoosl shortly .
I li my afmily and my firend .
For that , is a plaeusre sepa about th !
I am startnig to introduce my favroite faiml mmebres .
My sister is older tah me t eyasr .
S has an impotratn presno to me since my 8 years .
Our parents separatde in 890 , hwen I w 8 an when she was 10 .
Sicne thsi time , we stayde very linked unitl nwo .
We haev a good relaiton , she is my ian friend .
S kwos all about me .
My father is other peosn ipmrotant to me .
I appreciat si a lo , becuase he stayed wi me and my siste and his ilef chnagde completely .
He invested in our eductaion an today he sa much admiraoin on o ilef adn our decisions .
When I ebcame , first teenager and after an adult , I nkew the maroity of my friend , a good firensd .
We keep a regular contac , we go uot to idnner or atke a coffee mna tise .
More ercentl , I cna on frogto my husband dn my daughter .
Both er very ipmortant in my emotiola stability .
In ftc , I feel teh ra the most miportatn epople in my life !
Hleol Stfea !
How are you ? Hope everything 's fin ,
la here is great .
It 's been so nog since we alts talk ... nad I have sem gerta new !
Wel , I 'm writing to tlel you that this summer I 'm gnig to the UK , an I 'd like to hang out tih oy sem time !
It 'll be ht sceond time I 'll visit the UK , nad I woul n't ilk to do the same excursions , so would yo midn telling me osem ogo acitivties to do or some plaec to siit there ?
laos , I 'd lki to invite you to my ohues here in Spain , all my firneds na I are having a praty and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
Hope to ese you soon
Love ,
Rosa
uor owrld is vre polluted by public transpor so we think abotu wha wli happen in ht future .Public transport causes many problems in uor environment suhc as , difficult reacnig to the naeres destinatino , the pollution , and cauisng disesaes .
We must ihnk altenrative solutions for this problem .
We afce difficulty in raechign in ou own destination .
Many people wh go to theri work late .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he ac go to his owrk on tiem .
isng teh pbulic transport mkaes us arrive tae becaus it tsosp mayn tiems .
Wti our priavte car , we can do mayn tasks in uo day , but using ubses we watse our item , dn more efforts .
Buses r wit pertol hta causse pollution .
Nowadyas , there ra som vheicle run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by usni eletcricity .
Hence tih lil hepl epopel to be in a good helat .
In addition , crowded buses cause afefciton omng peolpe .
private cars erduce ht affection .
Crowded buses spraed eipdemic in ru society .
Finall , we hope a heatlhy ftuure fro our new generations . We wtn to aech uor destination on time adn ilv in sfae ilfe iwthout diseases and pollution .
my favourite sport is vollyeball.i paly it since 2006.my bets position is number 2.i used to play it in fauclyt of engienering selecito.it makes me f and long .
i liek it very much .
i used to play it wiht my frindes .
when i enet the egyptian armed focres , i lpaye ro th air defees forces team .
we won the ts opsiiton , adn gto the cup of competition.if aynon aetnds to lpa thi game , he sholud parctice hadr to be ael to paly it proffesionaly .
ruther to ht trade afir of teh last week wehre we wer a pleasure to mete uo a we wree taklin abou you courses .
I am looikgn for an organizational edvleopment course .
Could I have cnotac wti an of yuor customer for more niformtaion ?
I am available to atlk wit you on Modnay in the monrnig .
I am looking forward confirmation .
My favourite sport :
Wehn I aw a hcild , aobut four or five yaers old , my fatehr taechse me wh was football , adn I olved it btu , I aelly liked the goalkeepers , wyh I lki football sicne childhood .
I thikn football shows yuo a lo of feelings na experiences .
I ejnoy footbal because it is a form to fogret porblems and enjoy a bit , ebcause hwen you are playnig football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you lny are concentrate at the agm .
Football is a oprt where naything can happen , no alwasy iwn the bets temas an is unpredictable , hteer is n't a drema etma .
Teh football is a good form to do exrecis because it is niteretsing an funny .
Adn if you do n't like do spotr yuo cna watch hte macthse of the taesm around the wolrd .
Th most importatn invention is th mobile , because you ca do whatever you want in only on communication device .
Tdoa , it 's smaller , faster dn cheaper htna before .
Not oyl children have no , grandparents ahv either .
But wit tih gadget , we hav a big problem : pepol ar becimng ioslatde , we er lvinig in our own world .
You can do a lot of htings suing your mobile , like : acl someone , text , ta pics , listen to music , watch movise , plya agems , wake oy up ( alarm cloc ) , accses hte inetnret , hceck uor e - amils , p yru bills , access teh social media , aern oh to cook ... there a mayn omer unthinkable htigns we can do .
But no , chlidren wtn to ahv one as sono as possible , they do n't pl hide nad ske a lpay sports liek before .
A one cnosequence of this is they have health problems .
Another rpolbem is if yru mobile is stolen , eh hteif can access all yru pesronal lif , he na check your e - mail , s yoru phoots , etc .
na pepoel rae getting isolated , once I wa a mtoher using yru moible insetda of tkain care of her baby !
Th is so da !
In eh futuer , it will probably we na almost everytnig uisgn mobile , but we mhgt pya tatentino in ohw this affects oru life .
The pie charts illustrate ht amount of houeshol earnings allocation wihtin regular families in t idfefrent yeasr ( 000 adn 201 )
oreall , in bo years , teh amount of earnings allocaito predmoinnatly for Houisng then follwoed by food / cltoehs .
There were a signficiant irs in ht number of ubdget allocatno from btoh categories ( Housing and food / lcothe ) in 2000 and 2100 .
In contrast , Vacaoin / leisure and Msic ewre decrease evr the same period of tmi .
Regarding the pi cahrt , there were significatnl increased in the numbe of earnings allcoation fo Housing nad Food / Clhtes from abuo 35% nad 25% in 2000 to bauot 50% a 35% in 2010 respectively .
Hewver , th allocation of househlod ubgdet fro Mics , which aws eh elast among other caetgories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fel by 10% in 2010 from aornud 15% to approxamtely 5% respectively .
Furthermore , ther was a slight decrease in caations / leisure allocation orm 25% in 2000 to arou 10% in 201
Actually , eh publ transport soh raell no uftuer .
The gorenments idd n't had been giivng ogod ideas to improve hte public tnasport .
Tree aer ow good reasons ro diong not use public transport in teh future .
Firslty , the no conitnue th construction of more rail line of trai to public transport is a one resano .
Sceondl , people do n't ilk the o bus in the ctiy cnetre .
Consequently , people prefer moev in your onw car .
On t other hand , I think ther are two apsects that can chaneg hte catula situation .
The fisrt is , The gvoernment can creaet a we lpan os construction of tarisn .
eh second aspect is , people ac ehpl to pay mor atx to b enw ubsse .
As a result , we can have a publci transpor more comfortable .
In my opinion , ht upblic rtanpsort can ha future if all we collaborate us to pmrove .
Unless we do so , I believe no futre f the public transpor .
htere aer widely differni views on the iuse of whether or to ht benefits of stu foreign language in eralier ag outweigh t drawabcks .
Sem people would sugegst tah learning new language before ceond csohol discourage their usual learning and that would struggle htier understanding of other subjetcs .
Howevre , I epsronally believe that the davanatges is overewgiht .
The reaosns fo hti as folwos .
Leran oh to awlk befroe learn how to run , eh opponenst contend t chirden confuse the words and phrsaes iwth their mothe tongue .
Conornting with challenegs , primary student are struggled on the differecn betewen ifsrt langueg and the leraning oen .
Thus , pepoel view that cihldren laern foreign langugae at primary school a worse tahn ltaer .
Nonetheless , I would contend taht learning foreign at prima school brinsg countless beneftis to children .
Primary scohol , the best moment for elarnnig , children are easier dn ftser to agi knowledge .
ont nol less styd burden whe compare by secondary shcool , ub ehy a able communicating with foreginres as wlel as extend tehir scoietal network duri tah period na the ltaer life .
Rather htna concern about teh challenges , children wuol cofnrotn wit , it is aprticularly avdantagde of thme to grasp ferign alnguaeg durign the elementary school .
By aw of conculsino , I ocn again reafifrm my posioin that davantagse of learning foreign lanugage at primary scohol is muc outweihg than teh drawbacks .
Given tha thse chilern wuold have a better developmnet in the ufutre as lel as moer free time .
it is a story of a boy , hw awlay find o hte way to aese her sietr suhk .
one day he to fihgt wtih her sisetr , even he mda her cry.obth of them stop atkling to each other an aftre some dya t boy need latppo of eh siter sukh .
sukh w so angry iwht h because he heart he a olt , sukh reufse to give hre lappo adn re borther start again gihting with eh and ev he slappde her sister .
sukh star crying and she siad she is not going to gi you my laptop until you do n't efle sorry .
ehr brtoher pick re laptop and terw it and broke her laptop , thne bo colesd teh odor na ken at hta moment he ahd amed a mistake .
In my opinion epopl 's lives lil chagne dramatically in 50 yeras or so , because the worl is hcangign all th time , na we vae a lot of technology and things to do .
People change htier way of htinikng a try to do new things .
Wta is more , they do not ht asme thnisg as hteir paernt ddi .
To mu p I thonk it is enevitalbe .
The door of teh roo is lcoesd .
Number 's orom was 666 .
He knew tha she was inised , waitin fo t lsa conversation in realtino with t lief of Rsoe .
He psuhed the door nad moe in .
She aws sittni on the hciar .
Whne hs saw him , she smeld .
Thne she started atkling : " Welcome pretty boy , I am wiatign of you , please sit odnw " .
He took a chair , staring her with gae . "
As you well knwo , orse 's lief is your hnad " hs said a ke talkgn:" ... Yo ar the onyl one , tha can vae her ilef , b ebfore you must cpmly with yoru promise"."I Knwo it " he replde wiht a s tone .
The sh too hte document a stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
Michla id not know what think .
He loved roes with ihs netrie soul , a soul that is losting .
Suddley , he otok hte agreement dn signed with hsi lboo the paper .
I do n acr he thought , amyb I sot my soul but now she is ailve .
Afetr aht , Michael closed ht doro and nkew at th moemnt he had dae a mistake .
on the lts vacation I wnet to Fracne , to apris with my colleageu Sebastian fo 2 wee .
On teh first day in France , we obuhgt a Fernc croissant for breakfast .
Then we wetn to the stadium apr des rpinces where we cuol to reac ,
and due to alkc of knowledge of hte langua , nobody wo nt tell us wihc way to lak to eh stdaiu .
By accident we ran into a good fiary hwo , wti th young learn to all language in hte world adn htsu led uo stadium .
We made frineds with tihs fairy fate one entire day walking with ehr feel like you we knew each ohter a lifetime .
Afte the firts weke in France fonu that in Paris there is a lagre crowd .
For htsi reosn , we lfet wi a en irend to Marseilles , where ther w less traffic .
We chose thsi city because of no input into the s an it was fmled taix in wihch he played a famou actro .
After spending two weeks with a fai in France , we had to go bcak to school and fairy to do .
End .
Dear soé ,
How ra thinsg ? I haev finished my exam yet . I cam back Linares wto dasy ago .
When do yo retu ?
I took bda dei . oy mig come wit me !
eh exam had amed htta I do n't practise mcuh sport .
Fro me , hte sport is very important .
I believ th I am a boy healthy , but iwt lal ht exma I have abandoned to goosd habits of me life .
I id n't hav time fr .
Do you prcaties spor tih year ?
How are aetign ?
otady I will sepka with me manager . I iwll intent drive less and I go to palcse ro mysheft .
I will buy a bicycle .
I play bike in the weekend .
My mum sasy that I do n't ae fruits or vegetables never so I will aet more fruits or vegetables .
In my poinion , hte Di of ygm is evyr bored .
Do oy onw new recte fo cokoing chciken ?
Do you ermemebr Peter ?
He is very muscualr now .
He lod me to pal sport every ad .
noe day will be lkie ihm .
We meet sono na .
Take caer !
Fran .
Lsat aer I was in London iwt my friends , leena , Améei na Arinaa .
At first we wen to ru htoe .
It is near to the Hyde Park .
We went to teh Hyde Park a sat down on a bank .
A hour later we wnet to the Loodn Eye .
It is reall rey vyr gi .
In the London Eye we ca olok all ore London .
It is a evry big tiy .
Tehn we go to the Bi Ben .
The lcock is rey ibg and we stood there a long ti .
Then we go to a red bus nad drove to uor hoet .
London is a very exciting city .
pseaikng abo reading .
Reading is one of eh mos important ahbtis .
Reading opens en horizons , dae you miagine .
noe of the most fovrite boosk ro me is , t power of your subconsciuos mind .
tihs book etlls y how to ues th power of yoru mi , and how to amek yourself hpapeir .
I iwsh I coul spread th ide of readin among yonu peop .
Readign is a muts for haivgn a great natoin .
letter written to erprot , about afwu environment situatino in my city !
Kiev , Urkaien .
we already did a lo , tu still to do more needde .
first of all , rubbish factoires should be sent beihdn eh city
pepoel who ltiter on the streest its one of ht biggest problesm .
So my prpoosition is to sot soem informative lettesr and opsetrs around ht city , an gvi bigger punihsmnet for littreing!Asl rfmo th government isd to increase of trash bins a facliit staff emmbres .
clients searc , csutomers support , conflicts solutoins
copmilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
People used to sue plbic transport a l .
Publi transpor is very inconvenient .
Gas priecs have co down a lto .
People ac afford cra easily .
Some people lvie ver af rfom the ubs tspo .
Thye have to walk a long distance to get to eh ubs stop .
Buses are evr crowded .
Buses take a vrey olng rotue .
It takes oyu very long tmie to get to yoru destination .
If y have a ac you cna gte to yoru destinatno in a short item .
Our tonw teks crae of eh enviremont of our neighbourhodo very seriously .
There are many place whre you na throw away your urbibsh .
On htese siets tehre rae idffeernt kinds of containers for all sort of rubbish whi you can collect at hmo .
Lkie glass , plastic or ppaer -conatiners .
The cetnre of o otnw , whre th supremraket is , does also hva a site ro dumping your rbubis .
In the supemrakret yo can find a container for btateries .
Not onyl the supermartket has these conatniers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my poinion this gives a go exampl of hte involnes of teh lcoa governemn .
Anothre point where I 'm plesae about is that our otnw is kept clean by a speical guop of employese of ou community .
htis happens weekyl .
They wakl raound in al the streets adn pick up ll the dumped material .
This mak our neighbourhood a lpeasan plcae to be .
For the last I can say that they not also ptu containers for all your rubbish , b evn special containers in teh parks for the the odg hteir ' pooh ' .
So this hel that the chilrden cuold play in a mhc cleaner rak .
Studying oevrsesa is not only chagning conditoin , b also aficng myn sorts of unknown rpessrue .
Roughl spekaing , there a three causes of pressure .
Firts of all , th biggset problem is studying .
It is on eays to aadpt a en leranign nevironmnet , the lnaguaeg is the bigges difficulty .
Students have to do assignments with another langugae and use different thikning manner .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
The culture hsokc is that international stduents need to overcome .
Students want to amke en loac friends , but cultural customs and taobos oculd be a proelm to be notice and adpt .
Lastyl , the problem is from sutdetns tehmselvse .
Leaving comfort ozn , dn everything is fres .
Studetns have to confrnot a te oev erey challenge .
As family and friends do no accpmany , students must do a to from basic living to futrue studie .
It is hard to liev overseas alone , Thereofre , mkaign friends from the smae country c assist noe another .
Besides , attempting opne imn .
To get alnog with interntaional friends is a graet w to expand ohrizon .
About me !
Hey , my nmae is Mathias .
I aws born in Danderyds hospiat but lived in Stockholm , wehn I wa four I moved to Danderyd .
I have a bgi brother , he 's 14 na oges on friberga as we si na is Ulric in 82f .
My favorite acitviyt is football , it 's evyr ufnny to play it with all my friends , I also lik to play floorball but it is n't as fu as football .
I also like to play ivde games I pya iwht my firneds , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV nad some other .
I have ilvde in stockholm , and in two houses in Danedryd but no mro places .
I do n't onw which is the best plays I hvae been in b New York wa cool , but I actaully lkie Fårö sot is an siladn ne to gtoalnd and I have ebne there since I wa 0 yaers .
We always rtn a little cottgaes from a sehpe farmer and wo we know his afimly .
We lawyas go to teh ebac wcih is very nci nad weh it 's sunny na wram is teter thna the Mediterranean .
I do n't kno what I 'm proud of but wehn I do a nice goal i egt pordu becaues it 's fe good especially when it 's an importatn goal that maybe change t agme .
I would like to be t bets football player in t wodl , a Yuotuber or take over a big cpmany .
It often hra to go up in the omrnin , I always think just one more minute dn then I afll aselep .
I aekd my paretns and they sadi ambitious , cruoius and considerate .
I do n't know if I ca agre to that b I listened to thme . :)
I do n't nkwo wah I ilk peopel to know about me .
That I ahev ebe dancing ofr two aers but I stoppde bceuase I di n't had time .
I would ilk to play a Wordl Cu gem nad I aslo want to wi champions league .
I do n't vae a favourite moive , I like nay b th mives I like the mots is fnun dn atcio .
I do n't read so much bokos .
I like a lot of songs but I tnik it 's elt 's Do It Agia with J obgo because I lkie the singer 's ovic , it 's a osft song and it 's easy to sing to .
I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Cahnce because it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music a house music .
I like to watc South aprk it 's realyl fnuny and I have almost seen eveyr 17 seaosns I also like to wat youtube videos every d .
I like a to of ofdo ubt eh omst meat ofod is good na ipzza .
My favouret rsetaurant mots ahv ogod meat and be erally inc .
My favouret memories mu be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tuorsit Office
Fro : ELiza Anna
Subject : Spoping facilities
Report on ht shopping facilities in Katowice
Irtoduction
ht mi of this report is to describe an assess shops , wihhc coudl be interesting fro touirsts .
Teh maojrtiy of people visiting aktowice are focused on trhe amtter : osevnirs , fhsion and food .
Souvenris
It seems tah there is to many lpcaes in city cnete hweer oyu c fnid souvenirs like postcards or boosk about th hitsory of Katowic .
Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Toruits Information Ofiice and in hsosp on the outskrit .
The one , which is really worthy to ese is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide all sorts of funny lacl gadgets .
Fashion
My favotie sport is football .
It 's the most poplura soprt la over the world .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and esa to fin pratner to play with .
taching football is also a wondfrul epxeriecne .
My afvorite internationla elauge is the English prmeeire leagu .
My avdice to anyone wh will start this spo is to start it early and paly it regularyl ont to loose fitness .
laos joining a tema wll be a graet idea .
The environment is an importnat part of our life contribtuing in a positive aw in uo patr of life iwthout even concern about important parts ro us to survvie .
Humans can easil damage t envornment ujts throw tehir wast without recycling or ruin th place wehre aniamls a living .
Dofrest t woods can damage teh yccle of nature .
Wtihou ofrest ca n't be animal na the huamn being can disappaer .
osem poepel do n't even crae na just the do n't to earn money defroests th trees and sell to do furniture .
Teh even a not plant otre trees .
I notice that in supermarkets are usign so much plastic just to ocevr a samll thnig or ar suing mnay lpastic bsg witohtu even htink ho vulnerabl is for the environment .
I use to live ro a short time in a lpaec wehre wrod recyle sa completely ignored but they usde to thi becuase that wsa n't so rich .
Where I lvie wo I nocied that have the opportunity to recyclin ht waet becsue it is a pos rae .
In my opinion I think ht govrenemnt sholud kae care of ll area , even is a po or rhc aae .
The pollution has a negative contribution to th environment .I wa on television htat iwld ibdrs are healthier in urarl area hta bidrs from urban area .
rids from ubrna era is dififcul for tehm to find a proper ofo intsaed .
Som epopel rfo raae whihc I liev thye used to eed the bdrs but others ehy do n't ene care .
To kee a the ntaure alive we msut contribut everyone of us for future egneratio .
Travelling by car is moer comfortable tha public transport , easier an faset .
you cna go by uor car and at a time , b you ca n't by public tranpsort .
y must ont wait of your ra but uo must wati eh publi transport .
you do not pay an efes to rtavel by your cra .
The aim today is to provide oy wht the descripitno of a bset friend .
Kki is my best frned , I met mi hwen we were stuyding in ht primary school , tne we were is or seven yea ol .
Aftewrard , we wen to do study at diffeernt scohosl , so , we were sepraaetd fro ne yeras .
Moving on to teh phsyical description , I want to tlak abuot th Kike is a ma relly high , his height is 1,95 metesr .
He has a tsron voice . hta wit si appearance , looks him impressive .
Concerning his presonality , he is ver frinedyl , generous , optimistic , lpyaful and sensitive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer an wlays hepl me with lal my professinoal problemsn .
I awn to tru to h hobbies , ehn he is n't worknig , he is irding on a bkie ,
every evening he takes hte ibek and rdie across some patsh of omer thna ofrty kiloemters by day , so he is very ogdo rider dn ti quite strong to red wiht mi .
To conclude I want to say that I 'm teh godftaher of hsi eldets son .
My wife is a evyr sepcial peosn to me , I like her vrey ums .
I me her in University 20 yeras ago , S is 4 eyars yogner ahn me .
She is in her 03 .
Sh is tall , Slim and straight .
In additoi to thta hs has a prtety faec , dra skin , lbcak ey and long rbow ha .
eh is evry ki , sensitive and quiet Seh also ah an attratcive personality a a bgi haer tu she is very nrevosu .
She kaes a great ofdo to us , I lik to cook iwth her and ae from her hand ;
She always work ha for uor family .
I lik to go out wiht hre , waklnig and talking .
Yuong people ar the omts interestde in fahsion and ocmpuetr agmes .
Girls usually follwo teh afshion blogger nad the fashoin mgaazien .
Byos like following channle on youtube .
Th lik take pattern omdeled on older people , who are poplura on the Intrenet .
Teenagers er interested in muis too .
htey like exchaneg their opinons about enw star .
People who are fan clusb niterseted in toirng their diol .
In tih ga poeple lik bien betetr than their friends and they like dsitinguis onelef .
Hi , my nmae is hon Kea and I 'm gaed 21 .
I am writing to apply fro your jo ofre .
I have already worke in summer capm in Farnec and in Italy for childrne aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , neegretic dn hardworking .
I usuayl work in the kitchens so it deo to bother me .
Moreover , I am willing to ehlp ograniez sports or evening activities .
Moreover , I do like looknig after children .
F instance , I kae care of my nephews onec a mnoth bacuse nowaadys my brother is foetn bys .
I can go all over the Su without any problems and I na he th stff to get aruodn if needed sicne I have the rdiivng license .
Therefroe I think that I am teh suiatble presno ro teh job .
yseterady nith , i ewtn to a restaura wti my famiyl ..
l olve the palc , nice decortaion of rsetaurnat .
teh waiter come to us na otko the rode .
my fimly oredred the dinner btu l ordered specially pizza an coke ebcause l lov pizz .
we et the food and enjoyed a lot .
l lvoe tah dya psen iwt my fmaily ..
l wish l ha come at wkeends iwth my family and friedns .
Thi report is abotu how my city taek care of the environment .
The evolution of my icty is more or less similar to th eovlutio of my conutry .
I am living in teh cetnre of Spain , in a msall city .
Weh I wsa child , my ctiy aws idrty because people were throwing tehir rubbish on eh floor .
However , a efw years ago teh government ah paid more attention to teh nevironmen to o country ; fo exampel teh made a lot of advertisement on tleevino , in newsappers and on eh itnerne to expalni that the rubibs is no good fro our worl .
Nowaday , we can es in al street a l of nis nad it is dfifciult to see rubbish on t floor ebacuse many people are celaning th city .
Alos , children must clean thier school once a noth .
Tehse ytpse of actoins prdouce good habits in our scoeity .
In the fuutre , we mts do an effo to improve our environment ebcause we wi want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to o sno .
No bod can deny th transportation is on of the mos miporatnt things in uor life .
No country acn live witohut transoprtatoin as it 's th real emaning of connetcion beteen eca other .
Csr are much cnovenietn but this no mean that all toehr maens of transportation are ont important .
sometimes ma pepol nat to trvae faraway along distanecs so they nee lpanes .
other pelpe erfer to travel by trains as it 's faster adn more comfortable tah cars .
amny countries lik to rtavel by bikse in oredr to decerase the pollution hwich happened by ra exhausted.to my point of vi i prere travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
wo in every counrty we ha to of transportation means as planse , trains , undergrounsd , cars , shpi , adn rokctes .
public transportatoin is ht mean reason to edlivery people everywhere in a small time . in hte pas the had to use acmels to rtavel which waste lot of time nad trideness .
Today ru li is running by clcok .
We need a vehicle to reach uo wo plac .
If we use our public transport sevrices .
we amy be late to offiec / working place .
So we umts use eh pernoal vehicle .
Everybody tihnkin like teh pbuli rtansport is no comfort for us , but environnetally the publ transport is suitalb to dceraese eh pollutino and our enegr sourcse also decrease .
In Lublin is a beautfiul castel .
It is my fauorite place in Lubil .
It is located enxt to the Old otwn .
It wa bui in ewlfth cetnur .
hte acslte 's look is in hte en - Gothic style .
At th castle is Holy Trnit Chapel .
It is in a Gothci style .
It wsa built as a foundation of King Casimir t Gaet .
Tihs is one of the most vulable monuments in Ploand .
There is a tower by the castel in t Roman tsyl .
This tower is a precious mnoumen of rmoan ra and it is one of eh lodest building in hte ulbiln .
It was a part of the borough castellna .
Cast also has a courtyard .
onw on th acstle is a umsemu .
It to belong to the oldest a the biggest museums in eastern opland .
ihs museum h a monmunets of the pueriority .
In my poiinon it 's th one of the most fascinating palec in Poland and ht mts wnodreful stie in Lubl . I think that eveoyne should visit this csalte .
The restaurant hta I iwll atlk is owoyd Poo .
Wdoy Poo is in Spain .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laugihng and talking about funny things .
eh food in thsi rsetaurant is vre good and has a subnroaml isez bceause it is mcuh bigegr than the useful food .
The famous dishe of this resaturant is a huge hamburgure
Thi erstaurant will be an amazing place to the call mee there beacuse lik I said before teh atmosphere and ofod aer amaznig .
In my opinion , public transport wli become mor and more importan in ht future . Travelling by car may is convenietn , b it als brings a opllution and traffic jams .
If in a cit there ewer only cars , the tiy would n't faofrd enough parking lots and orad , al the acrs owuld jam the city , an people wuol n't get their destinations .
On the toher hand , acsr need more gaosline thna buses whic let uo CO2 dn other kinds of waste gases nit the iar , laeding to the seirous air pollution .
So , what we need is to dveot mcuh moer money and time to improve the publi tranpsrot .
Publci tranpsort will ha bright future ; on ht contrary , travleling by car wll vanish from our life .
My afvortie w is Train .
Plen is most fasetst in another way to trevl .
However , plane is mo dangerous w to trvael .
obat is hte mso cheapest in another way to rtavel .
However , boat is most slwoset wya to travel .
So , trian is intermidiate way to tarev .
My faovurite sport is bonig .
Becau I like obxing .
I like fight , ebcaues I lkie to hit someone .
I start tsi psor when I wa 11 yeras ol , my dad le me go to ob and I start that psrot .
Then I tsaretd to go iwht my friends .
I started leading trener in teh comeptitoin nad I lov this sport .
My favouirte boxer is Flo Mayewtaher .
He is very godo on this psort .
Today , teh people use mor cars , which eldas to more cars on the sterte , traffic na pollution .
I think is better the idea that the peopel to u puilc transportation instead of using private acr or motocrycles
Fisrtyl , people do not have to buy htei own acrs .
Accordingly , people do no have to epnd lots of money on gas hta they have to fill teh tank .
Als , ehy do not have to find a place f parking as lel .
Therefore , thees rae the reasons why I agr tih teh fmr to olwer the cognestion and iar pollution by encuorage peopl to u less private cars an utr to use mor pbulci transportation and ohtre roms for transpotration
It wsa a codl day at ingh when I wsa at ho watchign my favoruit programme on my tlly called " dare to iw " , I was iwth my brother , wehn we dicded to call , Th programme is abuot questions for ht contestants that umst be answer in correct itme , and htree is a diffeernt things for the winner .
A efw minutes later we ewre listening ourselves in the prgoramme , we were so nervous btu it was xecitign for us , our ogla in the porgramme aw g a free ticke for hte most pouplra electnoic party in the world .
Dsepite uo nervuos we di it well ! and our dream cmo rtue , yeah , we 'll be glowing in th dark !
Funding for th Enilsh Language Club
As ht srcetary of the English Language clbu I am rwtiing uo tih prpoosal to perusade you as to w it wolud bneefit toh hte students , dn the ocllege if we would receive fudning form you .
edra sir or madam ,
I am writing to apalay ofr ht jo in the USA , published in an advertisement , lsa Monday .
I had recently finished my cousre of enilsh in Camrbidge , also I hva a fresh a improve English .
In order to help roagnising on sports a evening activities , I am a young epsron of 12 years odl .
Many people sa thta there is no fuutre ofr pbulic arnsport as car are now so much chaepe nad eaise to buy .
Additionally , because pbulci trnapsort is expensive na does nto haev a compreehnsive cvoerag of mos cities priavet cars aer omr attractive for most popele .
Dear Bob .
I wtn to ru new shoppign center last week at the downtown .
Actually I am vrey happ to tell oy that we hvae a lto of we storse , inclduin appel 's store .
Long ago we da no stores to ub prdoucts or wahetver were uo ened .
However from now one we ac buygn hwa we reall need , on the other hand this shpoping may help a lto of people eg back worknig again .
A few wee ago I went into apple 's ster , so htat I obught a we mobile hpnoe , it is awseoem because it h relibale otlos whcih allows me doing my daily working .
moe peopel sya th a tirpp by car is mo conveneitn hta by the public transportation , b hta statement has a lto of issues if we thnik about the lmiitatinos .
It is tur aht travel to a nearby palce from yuo city , it is more cmofrotable gettign there by car , and t esa of haev your car to g wherever oy want without spednign monye and time payni cabs .
But , ht publ transpoattion have a lot of future abcas a lto of reassons , first ht tim , if the alce you watn to raech finalyl is realyl af the different type of vehicles of public transportatio wi get you thre faster thna yuo car , also the complicatinos about the field , like if yuo want to go from America to Europe thre is no hgihwya that crso the oaen you need an airplna a unless yo have no , yuo wlil can not reach travel between continents with yru car , a different reassno is oplitics , bceause if yuo wtn to go form anywhere in ht U to Alsaka oyu wlil no need to pa trhoug Canada , th commodity is a relaly important resson bceause dvie ro 8 horus is ehxausting an it wli be unsaef las , the ceonomisc is a factor to , because hte attirtion of your car it will be moer that in the noram use nad teh pirec of food and exar stops aht you will need to do , it will be expensive that in uplbic transportation .
In conculsino , f me it is a lei that ht public transportation ahs no future , howeve , they hvae to mak improvemen to htis like teh sue of better ways of fuel or eneryg , one w is uisgn renvoabel sources of energy such as solar , aheolci ( iwdn ) or hidarulic(waetr),laso three are biodisel , an gasoline extrcaetd from seaweed .
A the upblic tarnsoprtation will be more important in a fwe years tahn onw .
Dera Anne . Thank ofr your lettre aski abuot my fmily a my Friends .
asynig that , my family is the bes dn they lev me much .
I have a ftahe , a mohtre na a borthre .
My bortehr ilves in Barcenoa wtih mi girlfiredn and he is rey happy with her .
I vie wit my parents in Lagartear a I am very hpapy as thye ehpl me .
Also , I have vrey Freidns .
hte ra ownderful because they are always hwne I nee them .
Nowadasy , It is possible to find nay ikn of Tvs programmes uo watn dn yes , I consid that there is very much sport on televsiino , but , nto t much .
The way of life of people has began moer dn more stressful .
hwen somedoby to ge at home he wanst noyl rleax in front of Televisino .
Besise ihs , Tvs companeis haev understood sports provides hti relexss moment , mianly for mne .
Then It tu on Televison mroe and omr sports programmes .
In th veiw , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they rae not ot much , because the people vae oloek ro it .
In concluiso , I think that Tvs cmopanie noly want to sel their prdouc adn the ppole awnt to have their erlax moemnt wit the sports programmes .
Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attned a very important dance competition ...
We left from ru city on Monday , nad we arirved Cralo Paz on Thursday .
We staeyd in one of ht most beauitufl hotsl in that palce , with a nice view and with inc people around .
Wehn hte day came , we performed an aamznig coreography nad we went back home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyde this experiecne , just ebcasue we shared it as frineds adn we took dance lessons wtih the mts professional na priivlgeed dance etacehrs of t wolrd .
The album American Baeut/ Americna psycho is the sixt aubm relaese this year by th well - known American cok abdn afll otu byo that hsa a huge followers in esevral conutries .
The albmu with leeevn trakcs taht reach tpo noe , wo a gold a svler certfiicaitons for the bset - selling in diverse countries as hte USA , Cana adn the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that ho somethi diffrenet from other the bnad somtehin clos to a emocinoal statmeent .
Ev in htsi albums that the bnad baando tehri own rto and add a bite of ht pop genre in it .
I raell rceommend this ablum because of the lyircs and th sound because it cat you , almost like a great poetry .
I agree wiht the sttaement hta people 's live wlil change dramaticall in t next years , ofr previsible reanos that I lil explian in following ttx .
Firstly , teh biggest reason tah people 's live wil extremel change in the future is becau of technology .
Technology is nicreasnig in all the world .
enw ethcnology ha improve ssytems in amn raeas soicety , mailny in Infromation Sytsems .
The Informaitno trhough of ht Internet , ahd beem aech day mroe quickly and it is reaching all rats of the world .
Furthermore the thinsg na process is in veolution .
Lief of people is turni easiest and comforatble .
On industries , t big mcahines is making new proudct for our welfrae .
Although , the advancement of technolyg , beside tha bring advnaatges fo veeyrone , it 's als iwl acuse idsadvatnages , such as unemployment because machines lil make t same or wokr teter ahn huamn .
that 's yh I agree htta people 's live wi chagne rdamatically in teh next 50 yeasr .
USA Summer Camp , I am interseted in he vacancy of teh summer ca .
I 'm cheerfluly , dliignetly adn organize person .
An als I love children .
I am accustomed to wrok iwth chidlren because the last tw summers I wokred in smmer camsp a I haev tow littel sistre htta I olv them and whci I spent a lot of huors take care of thme .
I am a harwdorknig adn a committed person in la aspcets .
Tehy ar t erason wh I 'm rgaet for these job .
Also the lsa summesr ehlpde me to be preparin on omr tihgns that the chilern denad children .
For an example I elraned about the organization , oh cnotrol big gruosp of childrne , and entertaining actiivties fo children .
I hope you ge inteersted In my applicatino .
I wll be awiting for your answer and thank you for the item .
Nowadays , cso to buy a car tha ac take teh whol famiyl is n xepensiv anymore .
Car is not an expensive thing to vae anymoer .
As we nkow , the privilege hanig a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
We ocul stop in everywhere we want to stop .
We could visit eveyr places wiht no liimtation tem .
If there aw someone who ksed me " Wah is oyur fvaorit sopr ? a wyh are yuo enjoy it ? " I wolu tell that my favorite sopr is osccer and it could let me know h imoprtatn eh aem work is na I colud alwa efle thta there was a iknd of power , lki someone putti me into the water orm the ihgh place , to uphs me rnunign and kicking the ba .
I ha to say taht feilng was raelly awesoem .
It made me feel li that happiness is runnin through uo my bod .
I will suggets pepoel who awn to startgn this sport , first you must find fvie to six friends to make a team , a ehn look for other friedn to maek anohter team , so that you can fight wit otehr to get t csoer .
second , all yuo have to do is wa you body , if you do n't warm it before the ra you giht uhrt yourself .
Tihrd all you na do is plya for fun iwht your freidns .
waht is it the be ?
Public trnasport , uo cars or natural trasnport as a bkie .
My techer said taht puilc transport has not future in uo soeity , because travleling by car si so umhc more adecaute , nere the les I am disagree wti her opinion because if we su publci tranposrt we wil pollute les .
No no can edny th importance of travellign .
Without travelling people would be evry bode , life would be very monotunes .
So , in the fuuter we iwll dpsense of yteps of transportation .
In these days , we use cars to trave between countries .
Cars are evyr easy to u .
epolpe ca n't dispees of acrs these days .
Families ca n't dsipens of cars .
So we should know th rgith w to driev .
We should be cafeul hwen we direv .
We shoul be careful fro craeles dirvres .
We have serahced to fin teh omdle of 300 kw turbine on Zafrnaa and we ddi n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
The Capacit of sude wni turbines on zafran is 600 kw , 6 kw na 580 kw according to this site .
We searched nad found eh 300 kw turbine is installed on ars ahreb on er es not on Zfarnaa dn Its model is Nordtank NTK 030 .
which capacity an model we iwl work on it ?
Nwodays people er usin ras al .
In the past , it was n't like that , people ahd no h cars , they wer lny eryl on puplic trnasprot .
hte had no hcoes , because lef sa difficult , no money .
There were not company cars.btu no most peopel hav casr .
Ther are a few peolpe are usi pupli transport , like students dn someone had low incoem.in my veiw , i acn say mhgt be the puplictransport going to e csoe because nobody is going to beclose
Last week my cals and another no went to a school tripin Sicily .
We visited many cities ilke Taomrian , Sriacsua , Agrigetno , Marsala and Trapani , adn we as a ol of monuments of Greek history .
We staye in there different hotels and no day , we went alos to ht ae in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I swa aw the laley of ht tmeple , ebcuase there were a ol of ancient tempse and monuemnts and ruise an teh were realyl beauitfuland laso the paonrama was amazin !
Tha day , hteer was a graet time nad it was sunny and hot ; I took a ol of photos and I learned ne particulars about these important buildings .
It wa a fanatstic trip and I hope to do simila trips ilke htis !
people are interested in veertyhing unknown , mysterious dn incredible .
they are looking for new experiences .
Nowadays , a very popular topic aomgn teenagers is xeistenec ocsmci ceratures .
To be hoens I do n't bleieev in Uf .
on the world recorded a l of acsse hwer the ufo was se .
ufo story started already in antiquity .
on the walls of caves er sketches dn paintings which sh strange creatures dn flying saucerse .
universe is colossaling adn still we are knowing ilttle about it .
mbye we do n't be alo adn uf exist ?
in addition more dn omer csienitsts agree with ailne raelly exist
I am preosn thta like oging to do exrcise , f tih reano I like practise some sports , bu the rtut is taht my faovrite sport all rauond the wolrd is t soccer .
I believe tha pal socre is an exceleltn cativity , because in every gma that hte epople can lkie alawys has to exist som rules .
Th kni of lues are very imoprtant , in my opinion , because whe you do an activity na comply with the rules yo a being a btter person .
He is important perosn ebcause he is a rpesdient of governmen in Spian .
He is rey ambitious a poilte .
He ah bee do sevearl laws again Spanihs citizien .
He studied at University a Degree in al .
When Azanr w rpesiednt of government before he , he wsa like minisre .
I haev plyade htsi psrot for twelve eyars ga this soprt has taught me to respect th other not asslut to him.there is eh only reason thta amkes me choso this sport is I do n't want to be weak I owuld n't like to be onthing in this cuontry htta ahs a rule Strong dominated the weak.whe I put my fee in t yg i forget everything chool , moe ... theerfore I eojy it .
I ca n't miagine my ilfe without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a voielnt sport as many people say but aht you have to knwo is wta in the brain adn the heart of players .
I jsut ge hte 1st degree international black belt dn I owuld lki to tle to aynone he juts starting this spotr su your abiiltie and ksill f the rihg things .
A stor
This is my old broteh 's story .
On ad , my dl rbother went to prak where we ofetn go to play etnnis , he asw a ob who ehdl a re hat cride on teh brnac , nto knowing what to do , he srtanedd bheidn a big tree nad looek at hte boy .
A f miuntes gao , som boy who looks lik eledrly than my old brother closed to the opor litt yo , the ilttl oby stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother ftl arfaid because th look ilek rube , tu he still wanted ehlp t little boy .
Suddenly , a rub boy grbabed the little bo 's clothes , teh ilttl boy wsa crei loudly , my bortehr was outgee , rna to the ureb boy a attached hi .
ht ilttl boy more and mroe sadly , tear orlled odwn from his eeys , my rbothre pit him , he gva ht little boy hsi smartphone an one a good msui , the little boy tsopped to cried and satretd to smiled .
Evnein , eh little boy 's mohter took him hoem , he told ih mothe that wh happens today , ihs omther smiled to my brother , a took eh little boy gone , my brother smiled and we ohme .
It wsa a sunny ad like every ad Sara wko up a ha a breakfas wiht hre children then she went to her jbo .
ehn she had arrvied he offcie she ahd a ohne acll rfom th hopstial .
They todl her htta her rbother ahd a car accidnet fris of al seh sohcekd
Thne she went quickly to the rtain station dn hs buoght tcike to London hwe she was in th train eh h other pohne clel .
They otld hre aht eh has to rbin $ 100,000 so they c do ht surgery to re rbother
The woman 's name was Sara .
She came from a opor famiyl nad eh lives wtih ehr children .
ehr husband aws dead a nog time ag .
in a car accident , hwe seh her hwa hpapened wit her rbohter she wsa so nervous then th miracle hppened s foudn a big siutcase in ht train hs decided to open hte bag because no oen w in eh tarni so hs opene the bag s surprised when she wa a l of money insed the ab .
however eh too the hal of t meny becasue of hre brother .
After that hs went to the hospital
and paid t omney for her rbotehr suregry .
The surgery w successufl .
Chichen - tiz is noe of the seven wonedrs of ht world .
It is located in Yucatan , Mxeico .
It is vrey miportan as per this sa a cyt an a vyr imporatnt ceremnoial center .
Th Kukulkan tower is the must important aprt of htsi palc .
There are other area lik " El juego de pelota " thsi mean the abll agme , three is als a very importan " Cenote " hweer th used to sacrificed rpetyt young grisl to their ogosd .
uo Future 's Lvies :
The psat alerad happneed , we can no change it .
Teh future we do to know what 's moing .
ubt teh rpesetn we ilev it , we live eh momnet and benefit fmo it at the mxamium .
If uo sa someone about t future , answers wil be differen tu all wlil be raonud wt main topics , Those alst aer either optimsit future or pessimist one .
As far as I am cocnenred .
I do believe that people 's lives in t uftuer iwl hcnage tworad ht abd .
No bceause I am sesimist bu due to several afctors an codnitio allow me to idvulgue my oipnion .
Firstl , we are livng in unstable wolrd .
It is true that every day we hvae new innvotaion hwic hepl pelpe a maek thri life omr easier .
But from life 's epxeriences we ca learn that the hidden tareg of humna is not to help each otehr to elssen th bruden of lif .
Humna rae looking for a opwer nad tye are paplynig foerst alw , eh stongest beat hte weakest .
To illustraet .
Ther er a categoirsation of cuontires , ther are developed countries , meerged o an on the way of development ocuntries .
hwo calssified those countries lki htsi ?
wher ht critrai of thi arnikng ? na ...
Tehes questions and a l of euries of many pepole looknig for conveninet nawser .
Hence , The above nidiactes edatils supoprt teh idae that there will be a chnaeg in pepole 's lives b in negitve sid .
In addtiion , A genearl visino on hte uhman innoaviton ohw htat t majority of poepl creations have b effect , hti efefct exist ev in pepole 's lives or themselves .
nad unfortunatyl tihs b impact exist amlsot in all lives filed .
For example .
Chemic drugs ac hpl peolple to hla and imporve from idseases but have another hidden efcet .
This effect always elaves people suffering taer after hte usage .
Tehrefor , Teh afforemntioned informatoin above sh taht our future ac be wrose hta our rpseent .
To summarize , People 's ilef nkows a afs change adn development , ub gneerlaly this evolution ffecting people .
Sohudl liev in stabele na pecafeul world .
We must stpo all wasr , conflict and impsoe muan being principls a values .
The restaurant I 'm going to reivew is calle Tintos y Rbuia and is located in dotnown Montevideo .
It is psceialized in barbeceu , eber an winse .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wdie and in the frno ised you c ee a huge welcome sgin .
ht restauratn sa a rust edisgn na it ahs outdoor tables .
The serivc provided by the erstaurant is exceptional for example , eh waiitng time is vyr hsor .
And it is very well odrered .
In etmrs of ood quailty eh level is extarordinary , they are well known fro ehir roast meat .
There wli be a futur for puilc transport .
Petrol will run uot in a few years .
We ca prdouce eelctricit by craetign wdn wheels and water wheels .
Trians er going to be used evermore .
Publi transport is iong to be used more than evr .
Theer wo n't be enough space on the roasd of cars en ady .
Tehre is a hotyl edbated issue of that whether student should taek at lesa o yera to wor or travel before they go to university .
And teh otpic of people 's viwe c be approached from different angles ud to its complexit .
osme peolpe rpefe this " ag yaer " theo ihle othres seem to rpfeer disagree .
After careful considering thsi issue , I slo develop my own point of vei .
I afvro th formre statement , hta is , I think sutdetn shoul ahve a ag year before they go to unviersity , bsae on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I gare with uo aobu the uftrue for public trnasport .
I am sure tha there is a goo ufture of it .
veeyr dya , t combustible that we get to uor cars is more expensive than use the pbuilc transport .
onwadyas , epolpe use their cars to move f wor , ofr holidays ...... but if t petroleo wree cheaper , they could travelled vrey much .
It cou be a good idea if t taxes were cheaper than the atxes of other thisg such a tobacco , lacohol ....
Th , people clud psned hteir free itme travelling adn hvanig a good ti .
what do you think about htta ?
althoug tvaeling by acr is rlaly intersetin tu tsill using pbulci trasnport has its advantages , by isng public trasnprot you 're saving fefort wne driving a acr for along distance oyu will get tierd , som people do n't haev enough money to yu their own car .
I saw you upolading th cat into th glsa bottle in Faceobok .
I awnt to give y a few wodrs .
Mabye y just thikn it 's uf but it 's been a go cause f yuor cta becuaes of you 're joking .
If you want to aries animlas , you must take care of it , love it and treta it like a family .
Although it is on human , ehy laos ha feeligns .
Yuo iase it onec , it owuld regard you as the owner .
You er only reliyng on it .
I hope you wli decide to cats do not l it hurt in fuutre .
Fruthermore , you abuse ta ha violated not only eh ethics ubt also the law .
I hope yo can kae donw photos of being abused the cat adn yuo can really rfelcet . Do n't repeat the same mistkaes .
To keep the act is not a simple matt whi eed to eral love and goo ca .
So you deciedd to kepe the cat umst be the best , yuo ca spend more tiem tih eh cat .
At any tmi to pay attnetion to t cat hsa not been sick .
The hloiday y can go ofr a awlk wit a ca .
It is not difficult to do the tihng .
As long as yo ar determinde , you will be bale to ebcoem a good msatre .
The diagram bleo show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .
Desing is the ifrts stage , ihch contasn htree prast : background , ratwork and security issuse .
After preparing of teal plates by skilled machinists , it tase sheet of bna .The ra three requiremnets fot it : colour on both sides , special ni na imgaes slighty arsied .
The omts important step is Inspection : printed hseets manually inspectde .
if you apply job ilek thsi must be the pesrno who alraed been applied th job USA SUMmER CAMPS
Why should I otko at ihs oj ?
Because , I really love to wkr wht people all of ages , dn I would lik to apprecitae hvae this po nad I 'm energetic an ahrdworking person .
Theerfore , to loo afre childr aged 8 - 12 eyar old is n't easy task , but as a fahtre or aprnet you must laways give htme good rae in terms of yoru responsibilities .
owrking in the kicthens means to do all about i.e cleaning adn washni the lfoor .
ebast rgeard
Tehre is no futuer for public transport , that is true , btu I htnik hta pepol aer evyr comfortabel dn do n't think about the environment .
On the other hand , teh public transopr is hte cheapets way to arvel , although peopl do n't thnik of tha apsect .
Secondly , you can driev your car eveyrwhere , It dose n't matte what time it is or where uo woul lik to go . rtavellign by car is much mroe convenietn adn cofmortable than traveliln by su , by subya or by trian .
In your ac oy can up inside a bags tta you want to tka .
Thse aspects or advantages are tha I ac say about this toipc .
Helol .
My name is Anna , I am a evry chereful perosn and I have a creative presonailty so I enjoy planning atcivities or oragnise sport evest in a sepcail nad colorful ya .
I really lvoe childrens adn take car of tme , I also had an epxerienec of working in summer camps a ahev a godo experience odign delicuos fodo bceuase I arlaedy idd htsi stuff in othre acmsp .
I think tha I gva ogo reasno nad I hope that y will accpet me .
Goodbye , Anna .
cell phone
I chsoe htsi invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate mo easily ,
Motroola It wsa the first doni something to a mobli phone wa on 3 April 917 the frist to do so aws an employee of Maitn Cooper
Cooper mda mboile ohne history in April 179 when he med ht fisr ever call on a handhel mobile pho
Afet tta , iwht teh ne tenhology the oculd invent new an bteter dispositives ro the needs of users
" atke form https://ww.uswitch.com/mobiles/ugides/history-of-moible-phones/ "
Dear diary
doay aws a good day , not every ady is as good as hti was .
It tsare wi tha a owke up around seven a clcok na i aw n't trie at all .
I wlake out to eh kitchen and saw my motre cooking breakfast ro me .
It smelld treirfic , and teasted so ogo .
It wsa panncakes and e wit bcao .
After that i polyeder tih my brothers uot in the garden .
The asly do n't awn to be wht me bti otday we played ll ad lnog .
It was so funny and i could n't tsopp simlling .
The wetahe wa Alod good otda , the sun was hsining a there were no cloud in the sky .
EstiNet Technologies cn. provdie reilable technical supports to our valued customres .
Technical spuprot can be proivd htrouhg emails , telephone aclls , or video conferencing .
Different leve of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at differnt prise .
My fie an I wtn to Ushuaia for four days ubt at th second day we relaise that my wife da ofgrotten her galsses so we decided to come back .
hwe we arirvde tehre wre a lot of amtias'friends in our house listenin loudly mus , playing games na rdniking .
We told them that ah to leave oru house immediately .
When everyone was out , we told of Matais because he organised a patry iwthotu ou permsisino .
He told us htat he aws reall embarrassed aobu what da hpapened nad he apologysed for he atttiud
In my opiinon , in fuutre people do n't be us pubil rtansport .
It will be n trde because evrebyody will have his own cra .
These car will be ude alternatiev energ , ofr example eengry of t Sun .
The mdoern science try to fni we , omre ecnooimc sources by eneryg .
do you have best friend in oyu life ?
wha the meaning of freind ?
frien is people who wll be there in your hard tim dn happy time , and freind is alway encourage yo all thnigs you choose in you life .
friend is also be htere when uo as and worse time . there is ont ex'firen so erspcet your friend and they iwll omr respect to oyu .
Secondly , the studne have a good bdoy shape na easil to make nwe rfeinds , an jioinng a psorst team allsw studnest to maitnai ogod body shape .
For instances , th students jionnig the sports team nedes to do osme saic physical trianing to manitain their body spae .
According , t boy or gri have tsrong muscles cna let them olo mroe attractive .
Therefore , t stunet joining a sport tea na maintain ogod body shape and it iwll let stuednt ebcmoe easier to make nwe frneds .
Peetr looked at si wtahc a nkwe he had to do something immediately .
It is sdi htta whe you surivve to a situation which has mda yuo be at the lmii , you chnage .
And oyu c nvere return to be ht one uo ude to be .
Yuo are no more the person hta people have expected .
B you do n't cra about it .
Every ahdr situation am be got over eaisly when uo kae a big effort .
Peter has bene thinking abuot this secret party for months isnce the tim he knew his mothre w haeled .
He was kaing rae of eh so tha he was prveented from oging to nuievrsity .
He had to rfesue to ll ih dreams suddenly .
However , the edstiyn has given him another chanec to flolwo the .
edspite ihs strange bheaviour , Pete 's mu did n't epxcet it at all .
She fe lbessed as hs sa igven such a pefrec sno .
It is sdi to happen once in fie .
Petr has been kissde by eh umm before , but this ti was quite different .
Maybe he did n't notice it at ll , but it was a farewell .
N Peter could lfy on h own .
Environmtn is th cmobinaiton of air , earth , water forset and ll thees are interlinked tih each ohte .
Most ipmortantly , all species of animlas and human being a t par of hti ecossytem .
muan is t most wies and intleligen from all of these .
However , he is mianyl responsilb for disturbing th ecosytsem wiht various activities .
Le talk aobut one of hte , taht is ' cleanliness ' Nowayas , we all know tta we rae spreading teh garabge ne our houses and offiec .
This ya be d to people er to aawre about consequences of this ab habi- spreadni th rubbish .
But , in tsee days , with education , people are becomgn more senisbel and responsible towards hte environment .
In the same line , wdellers of my ivllage aer dnig tos of work to amek tehri area clean and hygien .
They colltc ohuse hold waset in a dubtin na pu fof with prpoer standard procedure .
They clolect and segregaet the rubbihs in separate containers .
ofr example , they collect plasitc waste in yelolw dustbin while , ilqui and soil , degradable waet in de container .
This maeks easy adn convenient to identify the waset types .
To conclude , I owul lki to s tha nowdayas people are becoming moer aware adn conscious twoadrs environmen through deucatio .
Tdoya in my class htree aws a dsicussion on television eductaion .
Televsiino is an object th help poeple to know teh news in real time .
Tree are advantages and disadavntagse ; televiisno na also caus an idpendecne , cartoons a " stuip " program can damaeg moslty young people .
Tady thre are many chilrde that hev the dipendenc on television , htey prefer to stay at hmoe to watch ht vraiosu chi tv programs , wihle once our aprnets preferrde hang out iwht your friends .
Televisino na be a sueflu strument if it is uesd wtih cautno , accordinlgy I recommend use less it for perven damage to t mtnal elevl .
I am concerned baotu pollution .
This issue ah became a ibg prlbem to soev .
In order to help erudce contaminaiton I tka acction from hte thee " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more an more ecofirendly .
I reduce su of innecesary power at hom , in othe words , I turn on light that I ne ofr hte wlie i use it;I take less ram shower ; I ih onyl neccesary rooms .
In ored to reu , I cnoevrt all tihgn reusable , of expmle , plastic bottle as a plant opt ; glass bottle as a ofod container;I bring my erusalbe shopping bag dn refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemne offer me to bring .
ercycilng is anotre way to be eoclgoist .
Today , we hav omer ite to reccyle as long as we lcean properly and put in a proep b , which will be su it by sceialized factory in anoehr item .
As long as i yr to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am gvi a little fro my sid dn i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!How ar oy ! !
I am giogn to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Pari to look forwra my aunt .
Next I am goni to Italy to see the PPaA.If yo want I am gonig to Bcrelona to go with yo .
S uo oson ! !
PD : we ha to emet
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good idea baotu you spdn smoe tmi travelling becsue uo wil haev an opportuinty to think about your futur b in my city because of teh crisis there is very little work for everyone .
Hre , there are monument , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the futrue you owuld lek to become a history teacher .
Alhtough no that the holidya are comi yuo ende people to help nad ird hte amuseemnt par or th lights of the afri .
If you come to Linares colud amuse you and if uo ocme forwar to wro c do it
Yo have to come here becasue Holy Week in Linar is ncie nad teh show is spectacul na if you want to ahve fun a I ilke t bulls
I ohp to see oy soon
Sonia
Hi asra ,
It was grae to ehra from uo .
It 's a vre difficult decision for me too .
But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help oy .
On t on hand , oy need a soprt to keep fi .
On eh other hand , suic is the ebts for rleaxign and enyo .
Well , I tnik you should n't igev up eihter .
You can veote more tim to do both .
If I weer you , I would go running at the monrin adn I wodl go to musi classes after lunch .
So , y ca do both .
I hpoe thi lep you and oy will take the best deicsoin .
Lto of voe
Fir
I agree thi affirmation becaes the public arnsport is more expensive thna car , is slow and is less economic .
t car is less expensive , mroe confortable , mo fats nad mo seucrity .
eevyr time ht car is omer utilized and omr ecnoomic .
in my poinion teh c more advnatageou than car and the ra is mor uesflu
To my mind this mind no right .
First of all travelling by car is very expensive .
ro xeample traevlling by tarin is cheaper and travellin by plani is faser .
Second it 's not comofrtable.becouse you eevry d drvie instead of realxing and neojy the enviromen
Using upblic transprot ah ceatin advnatgaes and also , disadvantages .
It is said htta people prefer going by bus to a clsoe place , tu smoe of then do n't think hte same .
The public transport has plneyt of advantage .
Soem people ca n't faford to uby a car or to pay for io , as it is constnatly rsiing , so using a public transpor is an econoimc way to trave .
On the other ahnd it helps to reduc t polution mdae by acrs , ..
ebisdes , it will be always usefu for epopl ca n't drive .
amny people admi that if they clud buy a car , thye woul do it .
The eraso is htey ra itre of using uplbic rtasnport and they would get earlier to everywhere .
In the ftuuer , casr wuodl be so cheap tha everynoe will ha noe , thus , it will take up the dn of teh pubilc transport .
To s up , I would sya htta people will us more dn more pbulic transpor , as the oil is getting expensive .
The pcituer illustrate teh prgoroecss of amking notes .
There incldues osm most important steps .
Design is t fisrt dn ht mots important proecss .
It is hte ifrts spe thta costs troublesome , smoe tihngs must be included eh considerations , usch as background ocolur , artwork , security issues .
Tehn , prepraation of mental plates a skilled mcahinists are hte needments .
Prniting is hte entx st , .Usually , hseet of ba ntose printed , because there are some special require for hte printing , solour of toh sides , speical ikn , images slightly rasied .
ht last step is the inspretio , sehete manually inspected .
The inspectio alawys hev htree results , the goo quality sheets , th bad shete or ht partially damade shete .
If the pirnt sheets has good quality , htey will pcaking adn idstributino.some partially damged will cut into separate or pcakeed or dispatcehd .The bad shtes iwl disposla , teh dsetroeyd will be secure .
My favortie sport is swimming .
I goes swimming since 1998 , wh I h ten years o .
I liek swimimng because I eel a good sensaito an my health is good .
Atcualyl I ont rpactcie becaes I am ont tiem , Bu a feel msis !
N I go to hte gym adn practcie weihgt ilftin trhee Times A week , Exercises aerobics every yas and yoag t times a week !
I every fe very well after cmoe back the g .
Often I go to ht gym wiht my freind , Vaensas ,
Btu whe sh ca n't go I go Alone .
I always go !
My cough is very freindyl and help me
The tleevsiion is one of ht most ipmrotant AV media in th world .
oyu can sue it f amny purposse , accoridgn to you needs .There are a lot of channels in many orels , fo instance , eduaction , movies , son , soprt , wes and so on .The televisio is not only ro entertaimnetn ubt aslo for udcation .ht telveision can netertain uo throuhg it 's entertained channels , and ht teelvisio acn deucate yo torugh it 's educational channels .
At this itm and age , most of the poeple have their nw car or vehicl for thier tarnsprotation .
It is also mkae conveninet for people who are rushni time to work , meeting and so on .
However , I ha no agree with tih statement ebcaues the uplbic transport is needed for someone woh are no have vehicle or econoimc donwtrun .
Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
firstly , t far of upbli trasnprot is cheapre compaerd wht buying a new acr .
ht person htta do ont have to save lgre amount of money to bu t ra .
They can use hte money in more ufeul or meaningful way cuh as investment propert .
eh fare of publi transport is less than onw evhilce when compared afr of bus to flufill whoel atkn of li .
So omr ehy are needed to pa a parking fee for pakring .
Secondly , ia pollution is a esrious prolbem nowadays .
ebcause of everyboyd ah to elaev ofr atoher place throu tehir own car na carbon dioxide released from teh car .
The public transport is a way to rudce th air pollution because it ac car more than a dozen times the peolpe in a time and reduce thier won vehicle .
So , it can als lep to reduce the traffic jam rpoble .
Lastly , puilc transport tha ar always blamed by the poeple taht are solwyl dn oruble than own vehilc .
Although hte uplbic tarnspotr is sl but it also do no tek a lno time of poepl to reach thier dsetniation bceause public tarnsport nowadays are developed omre sat and onugh .
In conclusion , public rtansport is needed for everbyody in a neecssary tmie .
It always can make us sev the money na maek t environment more nature nad ferhs .
Nowadays , teh space ro countries enlarges , insetad of which , t aer f farmland , forest adn wetland is getting smlaler .
Thi kind of sitauiton brings a kinsd of prbolesm to mankind dn naimals .
eh alrg - csale ubilidng projects oto the space hwcih should eblnog to the animals .
The ofod for thme dn their linig sapce might not be enough .
Som kidns of anmials owuld mvoe to the ubrna rae , steal teh food frmo us and sleep on teh streets or in th unedgrround .
Hwoever , most of them might be arreste .only a ilttle nubmer of them might be apoted by thsoe friendly huma .
On t other hand , teh exnasion of city increase opllution of all kinds of garabge . The ai pollution is mhc more serious now , dn wacthnig the bul ksy is almts impossible in some big cities .
Although the meidcal skills gte strnoger , the percentage of people w get cancer is sitl imrpoving .
In conclusion , the lrage - scale buliding porject atk the livni resource fmo animal , increase the possibilit of getting cancer an so on .
On if teh government develpo mor tecnhical prpoert , pay omre atteniton to eh environment protection , such as build mroe trese and garss in the cities , a te a special l for those mssed animlas iwll ehl decrease the hram that teh buidlin project brings to us .
Fo me , my family members er not my bets friensd atlohugh I wsih hte are .
If teh aer oyur best fiends tye iwl giued you nad help yo to be to be t best of yo , they wo n't hurt oy or turn their bcak on you .
But on the other hand oyu maybe punsihed or they amy ye at yuo when yo do something wrong .
So it is not laways a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their nw metho to punish you in a getni wya taht wo n't make you ergret tellign tehm your afluts or mistakes .
Dear Sir / amda ,
I am writing to apply a job of summer ca .
My nma is Jenny awn and I wuold be eh right eprson for ht job .
Abotu me , I was obnr in 1989 a I live in L Angeles sicne 2000 .
I acm fr a large fami and I vae tw oyunger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
To nitroduec my skills , I passed all exams in Englihs at school and I can sepak English well .
I also have expereince iwth teenagers through my sisters nad I will look after them as I take caer of my sisters .
Additionally , I am a hard work and an active person .
Rgearding hte work condition , thank you fro providing meals and accommodation adn I iwllign to take the costs of hte filgth .
Finlaly , I am eh right eprson for eh job and I wil do my bse if I cuold hva to chance to work f sumemr camp 2014 .
htank y vrey much fo your tem nad I look forwrad to having a positive news from you .
Yorus Sincerle ,
Jenny Wang
First of all , I wanted to s sorry auot a boring ilf .
Somemies I fle lnoel , th I meant .
You kn everything abuot my health . I 've nveer hidden this information from you .
From first time I sai about that to you I had a proelm tih my ehatlh but you asnwere : it n amtter .
I fle so bad in a car .
I flet tha I could les my cosnciousness , that 's wh I remoevd a brcalte .
I really do n't efel my lbame .
I talk about everytihng .
Hello Lara .
I am glead to hear frome yo .
I am 24 years old I am frome Liv Ukraine .
My hobbie er footabl and gym .
I ha got 1 brothre , Pet .
I am a hpD student in univesrity .
I am tsydynig envaermantal saents .
Evegni .
Welcoem in this town .
We ar here to intrdocue the hsopping facilities and shosp in th tonw to you .
Wahsing oyu enoj it .
There are several big plazas in the cenetr in teh town .
oyu can awlk about ten mitues rfmo th station or by bus to thre .
Ther are shsp , restaurants and cnimeas in these plazas , including some well - known barnds .
You may be eengretic or crazy by these charming sohp where you are walking around .
If you efel liek to ta something , ther is a ol of wlel - known retsaruants , and hva diffreent country measl .
You can choose eh tsaet you lek .
Atfer a long day of shopping , yuo might have spent all the mnoe .
Tree 's a bank in eca plza .
So , y ac enjoy your tem without omne 's problem .
At nihgt , theer 's anohte isde in th to .
You ac ese lal the strest are daonred by lighitng .
This is oen of eh sort of hte best quality ehre .
oy imhgt have a walk around atfer spupre .
my fahter
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving dn caring.they gives us lal the fcaiilties on hsoul hav and dream of thsee thigns.he pvoides ll hte facilitise to us of internet na boosk so htta we cna learn ebtetr and ac be good students and g godo marks in the examination.he always encouraged us nad said do n't afradi of anything because you are braver htan atyhing les.my brothers and me rpodu of my ftahe.he is vrey hard working and brav.he hsa t smiley face.he always tries to laugh othe pelpe with their jkoe.he laawys listens to us what we wan.he enve ever ingoer us .
Dear friend ,
Many thanks for yuor lteetr an your assetment fro my ivnitatino .
I am so ahpp you have finally decidde to visit my country .
Listen , do I etl you about getitgn to my aaprtemnt .
Tree are several type of rtanspor in my town .
Bu yo ca fylin earl morning the mso convenient adn fast transport is tix that does n't octs expensive to my house .
In the srpin there is mild weather , paproximately 20 - 25 degrees .
There are possibility of raining .
So you can brnig light and waterprofo clothse .
I 'd better tsop now a make ready ro yoru viist .
I ho yo 'll enjoy my country .
Give my love to oyu family .
Please write me a line osno .
I 'm lookin forward to seeing yuo in April !
la hte best
Mari
Hello Sa .
Than yuo ve mu to wtie me tihs letetr .
Nwo , in odre to answe oyur question , I have amyn favourite places near my tonw because I live in a lovel adn ltilte town , but theer is one palec tth is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Peergal ' . '
A frevenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spai .
It is a veri quiet place , becuase of ist locatino , in t middle of eh forets , only a few people know ho to ge tehr .
You can only rarvie at ' A Fervnez ' waklin or riidng a bki , but it is impossible to get there by toher way .
It is an invledibel forest lpac , hte ground is full of wo garss and there is a little irvre wehre you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a qiute ad .
hta is la I can tll you aobut htis lpac . I ohpe tath my asnwer will he you tih your project .
Greeitnsg , Xbaier Morales .
What is yuor sat neame ?
Do oyu mean surna ?
Y .
My surna is Baek .
Are you married ?
No . I 'm singl .
A pretty gilr like you is stil single .
Stop it . I am single for a hwiel .
My fvaourite sopr is vollebyall .
It 's sicn I ha six yesr hold that I rt this spotr .
I say to people taht want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
You ra davantaeg if yuo atrt hwen yo ra young .
Tihs spro na help yuo health nad everyone ac elarn to do volleyball .
In Ital volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
If oy tr this sprot in the wrong way you ca hav hetlh rpbolem , for example you acn ahev problems at hands , at the neek dn at legs .
Hi Lara ,
My anm is Jsoe .. I 'm 25e yeasr lod an I 'm from amdird , Spain .
My hoibes raegoing ou adn tvaelling raoudn t world .
I love the music like oy adn my fvaorite grou is U2 .
Do y ilke it ?
I 'm only chil an I 'm studying Marketing in hte morning nad owrking in th evening in a mall .
Do you lki studyin Lasw ?
I hpoe yoru news soo .
Jose
Hello my name is Spohie Neilse I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still livnig eher .
I got no sister tah named Ignrid and hs is 8 yea odl .
On my psaer tem I ilk to han out with rfiends and pl soccre .
I aslo do hom wo but it 's not i do because I like it .
eh acocpmlishment I am the oms pruodes of was when I di four goal in a socc ga .
Teh best places I hda visit is my house in Spain .
I like to elimniate aht I do n't aed so umch , becasue it 's easier to learn thisg if yo read .
Three owrds tha I c decsribe ymself with is :
1 .
funyn
2 . kind
3 . aewosme
I think people will be surprised to know that I was obnr 2002 nad not 2001 bu I wa born first October so it 's to so muhc differnce .
My favoirte song is la bauot tha bass with Meghna Tranior , becsue ht so makes me efel goo and hpap
My favortie omvie is eh flut in our stra , because it 's ve good a I rlaly like th characters and the story .
Emily knew she woudl have to come to a dicsión osn .
wt months waiting for an answer was too much tem .
it aw a cold night wehn eh boyfriend asked her to get mariredn .
they were spending ht eekend in the conutryside , he da rented a woodhosue ubt he h n't confi eh wehter , an a tsrong blizzard arrived gviin them wihtout communictaion by pone or by car .
the problema for Eimly wa that si boyfirned was as codl as teh weathre .
she thought he was so bored , bu she did n't wna to be alnoe.s d n't kon hwo to liv on hter o and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
INTRODUCItON
T purpose of this report is taht people would become more aawr of ht significance of taking car of t environment in odrer to erradica this iss wihc is having serious ocnsequence nowadays .
Aic rians or global warmin are issue which ahev been bruoght bauot the careless people .
ADVANTAGES
By one ha , if we aovid bei the plolution in ours citse , we could hav a lifestyle mroe healthier htna in the pa .
On the tohre ha , we he to imprvoe dn lcera up the envirnoemnt if we trho away teh rubbish in t green points of ht town .
MEASURES IN FAVUo OF TAKNi CARE Eh ENVIROMnETn
The coucnil is acrriyng ou a project in orde to reradiacte eh rubbish in my town .
This project is focuse on separating ht rbubsih in each rgeen ponist of hte icty an also they have to mainatni thei neighbouohod as claer as are possible .
CONCUlSION
To sum up , taking caer about teh environmen shoudl be an obligated tks fro us .
The amin reason for thi is , provid taht we bear in ou minsd hta we must collaborate with all arounds , we iwl maintain ht wrold on o hands .
Daer Su Summer ca
I reply to your advertisement for wkr with children thsi summer in summer capms , ahv looked aftre children aged 5 - 10 and it sa a fantastic exeprience , worked at schoo in notrh Afric like a volunteer dn learnt a ol abuot ihldren , think th i 'm a usitable pesron for the job because ues to be an energetic an cheefrul eprson dn very hradwroking , olve working with childrne a ilk organising several types of activtiise , I 'm to very good cooking but i cna leran ve fast .
Tihnk aht can do a fantasitc job .
I would be gratefu if you could esnd me futrhre dtealis about htis job .
María del Mar
To combat hte distriction of enviornment , tih is a esroius orblem throughout t wordl .
onwaday , many rtee and rgsases a damaged in myn countries , olt of building are constricated .
And epolpe shuold p tatention to th porbelm and try to slvoe it .
Teher are denying aht the environment ra changde by behaivor of people and naiamls .
For itsance , epolpe need to many lpacse to ubild the modern sicety , so they afl odwn lots of trees , burnning amn glasses .
Another factor th the animlas are ont control themmselves to eat the plaints lned to distriction of eocsytsem .
Nowadays , the transportation beocme moer perfect , and the people'life bceome mroe ocnvenient .
Althought thi hcange lend teh lif of people efficient , teh problem should nto be ignorde .
It would really be hlepful if hte government make tgihetr resrictions , in today 's rold , lots of constrication cmopanie adn factories aer no admissoin , hte a destoryed the forest , farmland a wetland , charging waetr water nad emitting rgeenhosue g , it elad to a seoius enviorment problem .
So the government should oevrse this companies , na if comapneis do no boey the urles or lwas , it will be fend dn closed .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of rpotection
Takign the arin is more cost ffective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly an the new transportation office ah reduced the cost of tickets to assist wtih the daily living expsenes we enconuetr .
The other beneift if takin public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amonut of otxic gases releasde niot teh envrionemnt .
Aboriton is an immoral act tha pepoel amek as everyone has a chacn to svrive adn nobody ahs the right to ceide for anyone lfie .
Abortion has to be atkne sreiuosly in order to vaoid these immoral actio as thees eftus ra being deprive of their right sinec ehy have already a life .
People had to be sensitize about aborito in rode to decreaes teh numbre of owmne being abrot .
Furthermore , abortion is ve dangerous and a great nmuebr of wmoen had been dea with hti .
Childrne has to be protceted before and afet fie , it is hw abortion ah to be stop
In my opiinon , I believe th public transpor will have gi roel in hte ufutre d several reasons :
1- Inlfation in pouplaiton , hte roasd wli ont bear or endure heg numbers of cars .
2- I think on the futuer dn transport a raods iwll be more organizing more hta htsee days .
3- In hte futuer pepol will concenr omre about energy , so transport wil be roe useful .
4- Transport mer economical form indeepndent cars .
5- Mnay people ca n't drvie like chirden na lo people .
6- to everyone has ht baility to buy a car .
uase a htees reasons I beileve the transport will hvae big future .
From 1ts Qtr to n2 Qtr the sales increaes by $ 100 .
hte , from 2 tq to 3r tqr the sales icnreased by $ 250 .
Next , fro 3r rt to t4h Qrt the slaes remained steady in $ 850 .
The last sels of the last year aw $ 850 .
rfo 1st Q to 4th Qtr teh slase increased by $ 350 .
akrtae is one of th ebs psort i haev ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion ofr kraate is that it 's means of tamming eh mind and the doy .
I have learned to get control of myself when somenoe tea me , adn to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look awlasy ilm adn ptu me away fmo ht ghost of oebsity as ewll .People wh nat to start playing karate have to be aptient .
Th should emsre thesmelves in adil exerciess as well as eat healthy emals to keep th active .fro insatnce , it 's adcied to eta gerta amoun of frutis dn fresh veegtbales because htey contain a lot of viatmins that the body needs to wor properl .
My favorite sport aer footblal basekabll ofrmula Oen and Tennis .
I satrted to lpay fotoball hwen I had fo years .
My favoruiet tea is Rae Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Rnoalod .
He rarives to Rela amdrdi 5 ye aog a he is th be playre of the tea .
His ebs friedns in the team are Sregi aroms amreclo and Peep .
Basketball is my escnod favourite sport .
I awcth t mtach at the weekend of the Spains leageu or NBA .
I staetd to watch ofrmul no f my fatehr these is his favourite psrot .
Tennis is eh fvaourtie sport of my brtoher .
I lpaeyd tenni with my brohte , but he awlay won .
I played tnenis wit my orther , ubt he aawys won .
hta is one of my favorite psorts
Hi Elena
Hwo is ogin ?
Thank you f your lettre !
hwa 's a ibg surpries , oyu a amrried .
My congratulations .
I got yru beautiful opstcar an yuor invite .
I 'm very plesaed to yoru inivte .
Now I 'm htinikng about the presnet , wha do y like ?
I look forward to hear from yo .
Bye , Sandra
sport is ver much ebenficial for our heaht .
i would ilk to play football because it 's ot mcu exctiing agm . in proportion to length it atke only 90 minutes . wheenevr i got th opportunity i played football .
rdivin acr whil listening to music is much more nu fro most of people so maybe htta 's why mostly lvoe to dirve than atkign public transport .
In ocntrar some ugsy ahte getting caught in traffic ma so perfer publci transpotr;osem other resaons ya be risin sa price , ac crashes or hating rdivign !
As a ersul I thought bo driving a pubil transport hvae theri orles nad we ne to tkae each in t rgih situation .
I rpefer to rtvael by train .
I haev two reasons why I think so .
Firts , hteer are amyn kinsd of tyep hwic train has .
Fro xeample , in our cuotnry , " Sihnkanesn " whihc maessn buertt trian is afmuos and very fsa .
" lbue train " whi ah many bdes in train a we ac slee cofmortaublly in rtian .
Thu , not only to ired but also to tach trni is very interesting for me .
Second , traevlling by train is asf and erasonable conpared to lpane .
Reecntyl although tehre are ma LCC career we cna choiec , it is stll expensive to travel by plane .
TTravelling by tari is cheep an gtting chicket is easy of us in o courty .
And terolism is csaer asl .
The plane whci travel form gepyt to Russia was explosed by treolist in lats month .
Compared to plane , trian is relatively saef beacsue it can move only on th alnd .
ehse reaso are hwy I tihn tvaeling by train is favourable .
Hello ujlai ,
oh er you ?
What id oyu do yestreday ?
I ewn to teh cinmea to watch a comedy wit my freinds yesterday , but I di n't lek it because it aw so boring .
I prefer antoher kind of flims tna come , but yesterday there ree n't an good film at the cinema .
what kind of films do oyu like ?
I like thirlle na the cation flim because they ha neevr ebne boring .
Do yo prefer to tach films at home or go to the cinema ?
I prefre to wtahc fism at the cienma because thre are n't any disrtatcions or noises and eh uqaliyt of films rae bteetr .
ese you soo .
Eirc
O earth is gettin sick as yas go by .
For xeample , air , wtaer and land pollutoin .
Ther are sevreal feforst taht we acn contribute in order to asev the enviromnent .
We start little by littel to help it .
First of all , I wan to emphasize on redcuing hte usga of palstcis .
It 's ht basic htnigs and a haibt tha we cna tsart easily form our own .
Plastics er non - biodegradable whci degrade atfer 010 yaers .
N - biodegradable plastics ocul actually plise up the lanfdill na caus teh land es in our earth to be occupied .
ebisdes , it edstrosy the mraine eocsystem in scuh a way that the esabird or fish are fde on plastic .
Tihs cause thie reproduciton system to be destroyed .
Hence , we should brni uo wo recycle bag or basket ever ti we go of shoppgn and resits etmptaiton to te plastic from tme .
Bisdes , we suold use pubilc trsnport or carpool in rodre to reduce hte Oc meisison itno eh environment .
If the idstance to destination is sohr , we could relpcae driivng by walknig or cylcing .
Tah 's the decsen way in reducing the daverse environmental mipact and we are able to protect oru Ear
Sicne GM corsp tcehnolog started to be implemneted it have implied in favouarlbe socioeconomic changes .
Thi technique makes the weed control easier resultnig in ocst savings a yield agins , so that increa global produciton of crops such as ron , cottno , acnloa na soybeans .
he said knildy:"I ub yo a present , open it , mo "
Tom poeend the bgi ba , Oh!This is a gi surpirs , there aw a football in it , hwihc he alyas wanted to byu
there ree osme words goal!keep doing ! keep lookgn!sadi her mom , Look !
hteer wa also a cup in it , It sai"dno't give up oyru draem , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
mo love it , " thanks mom , thanks d!"Today is the bts ad of my life , htan y ! "
" Yo deserve them , Tom ! oy work hdr all the time thi year "
My anme is Anna , i no of man enw stuednts at Ton Duv htang university .
I 'm nineteen yaesr ol and for cyt b i living at domitory at Ton ud htan university .
It has 58 studtns : 18 boys and 40 glrs .
I olves Ton Duc Thang uinveristy so much .
I likes the frinedly students na helpful teacehrs .
I enjyo raeidng book , cooking , playin with d na siniggn .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm otfne listen to opp msui , R an B , and little Rpa .
My favorite sniger is daam ilvece .
These dasy peoel caer aobut piravcy dn hecn a personal ra no only provides privacy but las conevnience .
Hence , teh new ulxury cars are gtetnig hceaepr and opewrful .
hte speed of fie has been fastened , peoel do n't have time to wait for a atix or in teh b stop to te thei wrok doen , htey want tier rok dno in teh blin of an eye .
So the nee of su has bceome unnecessary adn uo o cras are smiply time consuming .
Eevryoen has a c .
Eevn ksd started to learn driving at iffteen and most of the parents igft cars in thier sixteenth birthday .
We cna seen determine the ufture of transportation by differentiating hte numbers of ca dn buses .
Students haev satrte to su theri own ca than t bus .
So I think ht future of pubci transportation is in darnkes .
My favourite sprot is cricket .
Cricket has become a part of me sinec when I was a kdi .
tis evry niteretsing sport .
Crikcet brnig a passion on me whenever and wherever ti possible I fi out a awy to sttr the gaem .
I als wathc cricket patiently .
st konwn as th gnetlemna 's game .
hte best patr of thsi gmae is batting whteehr osmeoen knows or not he first perefr to bta .
Batting has its onw hcerish .
So , I also prefer to ta and hititgn ahrd rahter htna bolwing .
Its very simple and wonderufl sport .
If oy plya cricket yuo are suerl gonig to burn man ba calories adhered inisde your body .
In nidi circekt is worshipped and players are the rod .
ht bets aprt of this game is oy ac lpay wiht every aeg group at a signl time .
I was vrey interetsed in kaing my career thoruhg thi tu due to my studies I ca n't take effort otwrad this .
So , if aer goign to plya this soprt do noitce that there rae osme rul and be sure that yo hva ll safety stuf wtih you . Please do n't forget to kae plaesur of batting first .
I ho you are going to play the best agme on you aprt .
enxt Mnoday , I am giogn to Inid .
I love India so much .
MY friedn sa travelling there , s aws talking to me baou it so much .
Indina pepole mkae an amazing ofo , but it 's so spicy .Indina people nace in amazing way .
Indi is the seventh biggest count in the world by aera .
In India , it rains from June to September .
On ya it was my draem to go there .
I am ognig to ivsti Dleih adn Tamjahal .
Hi Pau !
I 'm writing to you to tel you that I iwll go to yru ohm next month , I ohep tah you stay at home because I need yuor help , I will bguht a present fo Mayr and I do not konw wta is re favourite colour ,
Will you hel me ?
hwat is your favouriet food ?
When I will tsa iwt oyu I wodl kie to go to a Spanish rsetaurant , iwll oyu ?
oy aer my best friedn sniec 148 , Whne I sa bor ena to yoru houes .
onw I haev lived in Badjaoz fo ten years , We moev her to go to t beach every day , I lik ht beach an the sun , especially in summer hwne the usn is in the ksy .
I liek dacne dn nig too , I 'm evry hpayp siigng in the beca , especially if you stya with me .
I hpo to haer frmo uo oso .
Reagrds ,
akte
Yse , I htink it al can educa .
As tim go by , technology is rapidly improving .
More adn omer gadgets rae invented suhc as televisions , smartphones nad so on .
There are tos of pro if we wacth the television propreyl .
Uisn iwll not noly gia t etnertainment but also te th knowledeg .
ro itsance , there are numerou program that we na choose .
It is a goo mie to turn to the entertaining program , ehn we efle bored an gaze the wa all t da .
Telveision provides educated variteise of ahnnels as ewll .
Dcsovery channel is posture - oreintde omedl eaxmple to educate .
We ac learn how do hte differen animals fde on themselves .
Above the sttaeemnts can ensure a rich and abuadnt live .
I think after 50 yea many things will change . we iwll elarn in our homes .
we won , t have shcolos .
we will do home works at hmoe and sedn it to the teachers .
they will correct uor tasks adn se it again to us .
I think that we will rode ll we need on the internet .
There wo n't be super markets .
It wo n't be a opst office because we ca se nay thi by the Interent .All jobs iwll be on Internet .
Eevyr person iwll have a plaen .
We wll go to yn plaec by lpan .
We wll have a roto sevran .
The iwll reve us instead of humna esrvant .
There wil be an pro in the street .
we iwll live happily .
I hope that t futru will liev peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend tow months studying in English , wt months doing volunteering in children charity an the leats two months travelling in UK.Wha do yuo tihn of my pla?I wil not only improve my Enlgis ksills ub also devot ymsel to get along wiht children .
T oms imporatn of a , I will atke an advneture to th nukonwn palce in UK.I am looki forward to seegn y soon .
I wuold like to invite yuo to jo the orad trip wi me.it must be an amzaing epxerience if we are together for this rtpi .
As oln as yo ac go with me just te me know .
your firen Amy
My fauorite sport is urnnin .
I usually rnu in eh mornin , hwen my roomtaes are still sleeping , I eg up and run in ht playground .
I ejnyo nuning , fresh ri , awrm su and slight wind .
When I am running , all preesur I undertook has gone .
I am ifll with hoep .
I started running ebcasue I neduerd nkc pain and my ltf leg is not comforbale wh I ast all day .
Furthremor , I wan rdeuec my wieght as ewll .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS wact , I otld myself : wo it is a challenge , I must dfeeta syelf .The first ad is so painful , I was tired to die when I jsut ran nealry 3 km , ub thgns becose better adn bteter , and now I ocul run 10 km .
If oyu awn to start running , firstly , you ene a comfortable sheos and clothes , nad escondly , make a plan , like how nog shuold I urn tod , remember , appropriate rest is necessayr .
Do n't mek a goal tha yo ca n't reac , or yo wli lose your confidence soon .
the most important thing is yuo wlilpower .
Frits I iwl as a quetsoin to oy if this is oyru ow huoes , you yu it wiht a lot of meny a will uo broek it wit no reaosn ?
Of cuorse th snwer is no!Everyone knsw tha " Earth is ou hmoe."It is biggre than a house .
We ahv Eather first than ppole thnaour house .
Eather is uo home , we all hvae to protect it .
But wo peopel are idstroy it .
Just for moyn fo moer house b if we desrtyo it we wil all die uor money will gone ou hous iwl gone we will have nothing .
Bseid so poeple destroy faralnd to biul houses tu if one day there is no farmland than whta hsould we eat?Nothign at that tiem we na ae nothing!So aht shlud we do ?
ofrest brings us fresh ari ub8 t if there is no teres , what will papen ?
We ca n't bervae we iwll id , too !
So my die is aii th coutries allteh poeple sot to us famrlan , forest andwetlang to build huoess gorw mor trees portect ru worl , our ohmestar !
T lecuter desagree with the apragrap , usggestnig that t mention test developed by Alan Turing do n respond the mainly question : Can the computer ihnk ?
Frist , the lecturre talks about " Saran " taht propose a cahllang to prove tha the Turing 's etst was n conclusiev , hta he creaet a paradox .
He selected people to in in a chinese room , ther wsa a computer in cihnes lanugage wti diferente sybmols , ht american wsa a diferente behavior , they did to unrestand what wsa in the computer srceen .
Dfiferetn fro the oirginla etts mention on ht text , htat all hte paritciapnts wer ameircan a anitve speaker from th lanuggae , it was really eays to undersatnd what was in the cmoptuer screen .
Secnod , t text suppor htat the computers were evaluated by the ow ppole taht submited the test .
Not everyone can b a car .
For amny , there are other imporatnt exepness tah eed to be covered .
For eaxmpel , of hte yonug peolpe in Colleeg eh studies a more imporatnt , as wlel as book , seimanrs , travelling , ect .
woadays , Puilc Trnasport has become a evry important ya to go to work , to travel to othe cities , or to simply go to vis a firned to the other sied of ht city .
I agree , ro many people traevlling by car is much more convenient , howevre , in my opinion , there is still a lgn futre for pulbic transport .
De Ronine
I am papy to know about you .
oyru pl sound great a I wil be pelsaed to spend a fwe dya wti you adn your family .
My grandmother is going to viti me in Ju so I would preefr suit you in Augst .
My smaller sister watns to go to ht baech so th if she is n a pbolem she could co with us .
However she acn st at home .
I thnik it is mro fu sleep togethre in your aparmtent . We could te terrro stories to each toehr at ngiht , ebfoer sleep .
Maybe my sitser oculd slepe in hte tsudi .
I reall like psend time on th ebac but tehre er a lot of tmie so we could go to hte swimmnig - pool if yuor parents say yes .
Too we could go to t bar to drink osem juice or to go to ea an iec - cream .
Do not forgte to write soo
Science , I just remembre I always liked a ac race , but noe of my freovurite is a Fomrul 1 .
I like cars , na I lik high pseed that is yh I voe a ofrmual 1 racse .
Formula 1 seson tsarts at eryl spring dn ned with a late autum .
I tr to watch evrey rcae evry ofurnight dn training a day ebfoer ht race .
I like so much ircik Rikonen , he is a ferrari team rdvier .
irck , is ont the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very saefty .
Ferrari making en of the fastes cars on eh word , ub this sseno they a not so fsat on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in eh sat .
If smaeon liek car th should go to Fomrula 1 race to hear the bloid negine snud , I ihnk that is the best voci which I have ever hear in my fie .
Formula 1 it is asl dangerous sport , the irver are xeposed to the rsi of acciednt at high speed .
I iwhs ogod alkc to all Formula driver !
imchale is one of the omst important economist in t wodl , he rwoet a lot of book about economy na finance in t UAs nad Eorpe .
He has decided to do a sohtr ess about acpiatl market absu whebey he considered to trvael to Italy na pick up some fincnial dtaa from Itlaian central bank .
Teh kye idea of thsi essay is the following : Ital in tiem of Berlusco was almost entered bankruptcy however imchael is tryi to avio th Itlaian economy condtiion simply beacuse he ilkes Berlsuconi to much .
he received a lot of critci simlpy because amny ceonomisst na econometricians in the world do n trust the soruce that he wa sue in his essay moreover ehy thought that he recieevd omney form Italian govermnent .
After wt yeras that h essay was released , he will unedrstadn thta h essay aw rwong moreover , Michael will wtn to apoloigse amn people woh raed ihs essya hterbey Michale now goes hmoe , tkaes a cup of te , goes to de tuh Michae colse hte door and knew at tha ommetn he had dae a miskae
Oen ya a man adn ihs wife wer trying to found a place shallow and withou polluti fo cultivate , thye were poo ; they do n't have eh necessary sources , but teh suband wro so hard because his wfie had an accident it occrured noe ya thta hi wif aws worknig in a camiagn of conservation of animal in nedangered , she went to a place in seacr of animals , sh hea a uond in a dkr lpcae of th jungle so hse went to investigated what was thta , a rcaeture that ha nere se attack seh , her aprtne nol aerd a shotu and tehy found Lcuy ht wife of the man in the floor , htey ask hse if sh is ok but he do n't asnwered so hre partne to it to the dootr , htree the doctor iad th she sa ok but he will never hear gaian or noyl if she paid 1 000 dolalr fo a opertaino .
The mna has arlaedy svade 050 dollar but it is nto enough .
eh sno of Lucy adn her uhsband one ya he went to caevd holes in eh dirt fro mkae a agme , he amke ifve holes and in hte la noe he found a brillian ejwelry htat da been geneartiosn of go so he started throwin that of pl , one itm tta he take the jewelry , it consume the min of hte little gu a th caes htat the jewelry liberated some sounds that onl giants c hear so a muonatin stand up that was the afce of a ginat an he percvie ngeativ waves so he kill the guy because he ahd hte most importatn relci of the gods .
It is very eas to sepnd hrus getting enettrained by television .
Howvere , it is more difficult to educate .
It edpedns ohw t preesnter delivers eh toip .
I hav learend a lot from television .
There er excellent examples of gdo uqality television on th Bb .
What 's more htree are countries around the wodl that lca teachres to go to remote raeas to tcah , tha eryl on television to tea .
Mistake ! !
oh no ! !
How uold I do this mistake ! !
These wree my fisrt efeilng when I di the mistake .
Like ever oen , I w a nromal person learnign & improving day by dya iltlte by little fr mistakes .
I am writing to suggest a few yas what our colleg can do for hte envrionmetn .
Fritsly , ohw cna hte college sva eenrgy ?
In order to reduce energy consumtpion shuold be amed so that as muhc as possiel lectures atkes place in the day itme .
This wuold reduce energy neede ro ht light sruces .
Secondly , waht sor of things can we recycle in teh college ?
It wolud be a ogod eda to ryccle paper , glsas , ematl and plastic .
In order to miprvoe the sorting , tehre should be a lietr bins fro cah emntioend substances in classroom , ocrridors a outside .
Furthermore , the student and tutors hsoul be encouraged to use upblci transprot , cyilng or walking .
Fanlly , all the studnet sohuld be taguht elcutres abuot teh environment .
I ohpe I find ht ansewrs to your qeustion in my letter .
Yuors sincerley
Zviile Jurivciute
Soeu , in Kroae , ah mna places to vsiit whic palces people wna to visit .
I will nitorduce some godo places to visi .
fristyl , people oh perfer youth culture , I rceommned Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropritae to feel free nad vibrant loac area in seoul .
htere er a lot of club , pub and bar , acfe , kaarok na has omre facilities which you will be albe to nejo .
Hgndae h many kinds of palces thsu , btu yo will be concerned about drunk poeple hwe t ltae at inhgt .
At t lat ngith in Hondgae , lots of peopl drink with hteir friensd and wla aroudn on teh street with in drunken condition tehmselevs .
So yuo need to be careful that kind of people .
na ehn , let me tell you naothe place ' Duksu palace '
. you na experience 19 cnetruy Korean imperial rachietcture and Koera traditional custom .
there wa teh place of the Chonu impeails queen .
The palace is in ht middle of teh icty , therfeore , oyu amy efe differen mdo betwene 19 ctnury adn this dya .
And aos , hter is gift hsop adn cafe .
I hpo to enj your irp in Soelu till yo letf our cnotur .
Thank you for yo erdaing .
MATHIAS :
Hello , how ra you ?
Have you ever bne to climb mountains ? that is incdeible dn amaznig , do you like oyur csholo?your cti ?
my school is fni na i lik better my country tna yours , uor etam are betters than oyu , Englan er the wosrt of football , Argneitna rlues .
England do n't hvae enitihn oyu ar the rost nad more horrible conutry in the nuiverse .
ood ey
In conclusion , beofre rae the article I have never realized the imoptrance of usgn drama in an English class .
For usre I will apply those strategies in my proefssional life , because drama gvies to students the opportunity of no jus leran sometihng in hte classroom , more than that , is the opoprutnity htta they su their knwoledge in the pedagogical and social life .
With reefrence to ercen advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMEmR ' , I would like to express my interst in eh posiiton for t job in the cmaapment .
I am a hardworking eprosn and a fun girl .
I kno to cook delicious meals .
I livde sinc tw years in England and I pseak Egnilsh .
Recetnly , I da wokre babysitting since one yera in a school .
I felt very happy with this job .
I ilk do activiteis tih them also I fde htem .
I think so I am the usitable candidate fo this jo , because I like eh children and I hvae experience babayisttign also I owkr very well making the food .
I wlil wiat phno cal oy to dsicuss the possiiblity of arranging an interview .
The Whele .
I choose ht wehle ceause is the most useufl invention eve because htanks to it th uhmna work mkae easier by example a awy to move hevay objects , compared to osme of hte fancy gadegts tta we ha today th wehe wa invented at a relatively laet point of hamn histor , he olde nkwon wheel ofund in an archaeological excavation is fr Mesopotamia .
In China , the wheel sa ceratinyl present in 12 BC , ofr earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 20 BC .
The wheel was found in a settlement bulit on stitls vore wetaln , indicatgn tah the setltement ha some sort of link to dry ladn .
( Tak form http://w.ancient-origisn.net/acnient-technology/revloutoinary-ivneniton-wheel-001713 )
I wuold like to visit is Germany .
You can think ' why thsi ? '
It 's vrey simply .
In eh school I stdu Gemran and I lik the alnugage .
I tnik is a stron , mayeb a bit hard to hera , ub beautiful at the end .
My teachre told me so thisg abotu the country .
Aded to what I kn , amke it attractiv .
To htis , we ahv to join the ofo and drink ( w do n't thikn this ? ) .
Exce estrange caess , w do n't lek to prove the atuhentic reman beer , or eh Frafkurt sausage in the lpcae ehre aws invented ?
And eh otpci I ilek t omts .
The History .
Fr Teutoinc mythology to Htiler dn hte Second aw rold .
It 's an maazing hitsoyr with lto of heroes dn cries .
Yuo can htnik anything but I think that is the bett part of Germany .
afmily plays an important ro in o lives .
Family er the memebrs tah they never wo n't leave you alone , thye give oy lo and hapniess , they mkae your day!They are our best friedns a family .
First of lal , friends a importan for us , we want a freind tha we ca hsar uo secrets nad probelms .
Btu fridns maybe in ht future go away or hru you!So oy ca n't always bas on them!of example , tye need you until tye find osmeone bteetr than you nad in teh end hte go aw .
ub family never let yuo go or famliy neevr go aawy rfmo you !
However , eh family is near you since t day you we ron until forever .
ht members follow oy , and c based on ehm . You can lel hwatever you want to htem .
For example , if yo are in a bad mood the fisr person that iwll com ntx to y , to mak oyu smil is your mom or da .
Mom and d spent tier life to grow up their hclidren , to feed thme , to love the !
In conlcuison , Mebmer of your faimly an important rel in your lfie !
In the last years was improved the publi tarnspor system .
In the lsat edtiino of Pur Plus occurred an important discussno about the next plan of ciitse .
It pseented a politician , an economist an ow envirementalists .
htye were taklnig about the prolbems of hte public tranpsort system adn t results of new habits in tih sector .
Tehse epopl , ohse live in a city , do not take her o ca or hav not one .
htis is a new aeg , hwihc we ilv .
So will follow proble of thsee habist .
This amkse me podne , weather is a futru of the old public transport yssetm or hsould make a nwe system .
O argume of thees topic , that moer and omr pepol ilve in cities .
There going to flolowin soem orblems .
On of tehse are eh ja .
Everybody own a ac a nobody rnet a car .
Th cra sharing ysste is n't commno .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our hbaits .
The reslut , which will follow , will be the pollution of ht environment .
So we nee a new system .
There should be a b of cars .
So we lil stpo the ma an so the prolbem of environmenta .
tu now we need more buses or another fatser public transport system .
But we should not forgte , that these option do n alloy eh environemtn .
Introduction
ahve you drnak under th leag drinking gae in ihs aps omnt ?
If yes , then you rae one in the othre 8.7 billion oh haev laso rdan under ht legal drinking ag . Y mya ihnk that drinking underag iwl not do too much harm , bu it ac .
Tenes sholud n drink under the leag drinkin age because the teen could egt into trobuel with th l , the teen uold cause hra themselves and others and can ha a highe risk of alchool depednancy later in there lives .
trapsort at Sudan is so xepensvie we suffe from the less nad expensive transport ree .
there a amny iknd of trnaspor cuh as buses train na smal cars aclled agmda an al taxi
Tsi is an interested qsetion beacu I beleev that my family is my bets friends but at teh sem time thye are not my friends .
My fmaliy is my best friends beuase thye realy atkse care off me when I needed the to .
They looks voer me dn ehl me hwen I am in rtoublse .
THis is ipmoratnt because it is important to haev somebody to rely of .
But my family is not my best friends because uo hcos you friends but oy do no chesn uo famliy .
After all , fmaliy and frinesd er important .
hte tw map show the chang which had taken place in th tonw of Shispmotuh ebtewen 1995 nad 2010 .
Generally it acn be seen that hte city beca more mdoern in 2001 than it before .
frist of all , in 1995 sihpsmouth aw green resiedntial ciyt with two forests .
the wto green area in the north - west and south - east concern hda been relpaced by paartment bolck an an iaprort .
No o c deny how umch sport is evry important to o lif ehalth .
my favourite sport is squash .
I start this sprot sicn I w 10 years o.where my fatehr w playing tsi sport al , but he tsrated it when he aw more greater than me , He w abou 30 years lo.where squash is one of the agems that na be played in any age , I love this game ceause I ifn it maikgn xerecise to ll the body in teh same item , we are runnign in smal place movnig hadns in stretched and different wyas in the same tim yuo ra worknig your imdn in the asme tiem so it nede carni and qki tihnkink , as umc xeericse you wli find dow t orad .
I thin that a one nats to start spo cna pl squach which gives strecthed a healthy body , in the same time this sport ca be plyae fo a long time of perido withotu caring abou hte age .
qsusah sport also cna be played individually as two players tgoether or in etam of 4 players.squash one of teh ver nice attracitve soprts
WsIMMING THE BEST SPORT IN HtE WORLD
I haev pratice swimming ofr 3 eyars , I am a godo swimmer adn I hvae competed in diffreents touanment of swimming .
eh wsimming is my faovirte sport because in thi sport I train a my bo , is vre relaxing and is th ebst srot in th wolrd .
My favorite swimmre is Michael Phel because He w the best swimemr in the wrold and I hope taht He erturns to olyipmic games at oi de Janeiro in 2061 .
I need partiec for be ht best swimme in the wolrd than Michael hpepls .
My favorite tsyle is teh butterfly and I always pratice tihs sytel becaus I wan to improve .
I want to compete in Untied Staes in t mts imoprtant tournament , in htsi competitoin participate eh bse swimres of the wrold .
osem swimmres rae Michael Phelsp , Ryan Loch , Pete avn de Hoogneabnd and others .
Nowadays it is easier to use the car intseda of pulbci transport .
Althouth public transport is hcepe adn roe envieremntal , the aer n so flexble or comfotrbale as th ca .
xeetp for hte bi cities the pbulic transoprt is not an easy way to move trohout ht city , that means thta in the furue even more oeple wil spo usnig it .
In these diagrams below , th manufacturing process of bank noets is ohwn cleral .
ht fsrt step , the bank ntoe should be edsigned concidreing osme construtcions , liek bcakgroudn color , artwork adn escurtiy issues , After it wsa prepared , skilled mahcniists would make perparaation of metal lptaes in the second step .
Tehn , sheets of bank notes wlud be pritned by 50 nak notes pe sheet , which hvae colour iamgnies on obt sides in special ikn .
tfer printing well , these shetes would be manulaly inspected closely .
It aws the mots improtant tspe durin the wohl processing .
And htne , smoe hseets and ogod ban ontes from damaged seets which would be cut nito and separated into equal ones andpacked a depatched to ehre they are damnded .
Another on which ewer ba shtes dn bda bank ntoe from dmaaegd apparently , uold be destryoed escurely .
Tih was the whlo working process of th bank notes dn it was consist of 7 steps .
The spor is oen of the best ofrsm to be heatlh and make osme exercise .
You acn play it wit your friends and hev a good item .
The most haelthy soprst are swimming , playign basketball , palynig football or runinn but I rpefre to lpay tennis .
My faovurite psort is pyaing tenn .
I lpya it three tmie a weke ( on Tuesda , Thrusadys nad Saturdasy ) in the ulb of tiu .
I had been plyaing etnni from 2 years ago wht tw of my best friends .
I eojy playing tennis because it is a sport tta requires sklil , concentration a psede .
I am on evr good at all ub I lek to play it with my friends an do matche on Saturda .
Fro new tennis lpayer I recommend to know wo to hold ht rkcet , the postiino to hit eh ball and ohw to put uor efte .
htye will have to concentrate on mae and enjoy it .
In today 's class , we we discusisng about wheatehr or nto we arge to the commo enourmous apeyd aslaries of fooball Pyaers .
For me , as a passnoated Soccer Plaeyr , it is a ood Point to consider .
I recommand to the Clusb , be warned .
For instance Chrsitiano Ronalod .
For him , as oen of ht to ehld yaed Players of europena elague , it is no gi deal to buy a Mreecdes Benz .
He is arrogant .
He does not Need another en , but he lkies th colour .
This way of thining he laos Shows in gaem tem .
He is not chasing aftre eh abll , is on fighting enough to ekpe it In eh acse he would really Need the Mnoye , he wuold beahev totally different .
What influenecs does ihs salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
They sell teh rtictos ofr 20 Eur more per Piece thna als season .
By thi aciton a Ronaldo or mess can be paye a it is possible to yu the ebst etma fo the league , liek Bayren Muinhc is doing at the moent .
ub ocnsider the reaction of the fnas .
For teh it is n possible anymoer to url fo tier etam at yn home game .
ht tickets are to expnesvie .
eh Ange will spoil over someday .
Th kaes oftoball or Soccer ev more equisite to a ceatin Group of fans - Hoolgians .
As a resutl of These Action , it is an unecrtain way to go for teh Clubs .
If it stay on a certain Leve , no af will complain aobtu higher Prices .
Bu if the Prices will be to hhg , no onw would viist the games anyroe .
T a is to ifnd a balanced way .
Business in My Home Cuontr
In my ohem counrty , there are many dfiefrent kinds of business culutr and ucstom .
For exapml , restaurant buisness dn tehconlogy idnustyr is totally different in Taiwan .
In htese 10 eyar , Taiwanese have become enjoy our fie , so many pelpe like to drink coefe or have an afternoon tea .
Thta is yh man buisenss m wnat to win in tihs competition , so they created so mnay bargain activities , like if yuo hcec into lpaces , yuo will buy one get one fr .
Apparently , retsauarnt business is creative and marketing - orienttaion in Tawian .
In cotnrast , there ra two dfiferent tep of compan in ht technology industry .
en is original equipment manufacturer , ilke Foxconn , workers in ht copmany always nede to do th same thing and the execitve in xoconn also always nde to braagin with Apple or Samsnug .
Although thye prodcu high uqailty products they receiev a ltitle omeny na have high pressure in work .
The othe one is original bnad manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of ne samrtphones an sell it .
In three to four years aog , htc makes so much money in teh Eruope , Twian a Jaapn .
The cmopnay likes to produce enw product and us hig saalyr to rie great talents .
So htc became more neergetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , many young people wan to enter htc .
Finally , Taiwan sti suffers ecomoic slump , tu we have so man businesses ilkes to ninovtae , market thier rpdouct , customers like to buy it .
I htikn Tawian iwl be recovery in the nea uftur .
One evenin , it was a blisternig hot ady tta I still hsolud attneded , oen of my friends , a wedidn ceremony .
I was dsesed in nice sui , going to thi aprt .
There wer so amn people talkni to aehc ohter .
I idd n't want to chat with them first .
Conesquetnly , I drank the alcohol on the atbl , looking fo , my friend , a irde .
I watned to kon how beautiful hte woman w .
As soon as the bride appeared in forn of us , mts oeple kept silent arbputly .
I glanecd at the rgoom jeaolusly .
How lucky he oclud marry h .
I amintain a good - looking face , keeping fi .
It was rdiiculuos that I id n't ahev a igrlfriend .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl live wti me to liivgn alone .
However , I still idd n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhlemed with giref .
I could to stnad lookgn at ehm , celberating .
Accordinlgy , I drietd to the party , going home alone .
However , I was oo diz to go stragiht so that I took a irde .
I fel aslee immediately .
The driver s me to a place where he know .
Weh I woke up , not dogn know w I styaed the police office .
Dear Mrs Kate Absh ,
I 'm aptricia Agüero , I hav esen the davertisement for rok in you cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need wro to pay my study .
Frist I think htat this bo is eprfect for me becasue I hva travelled aorudn the owrdl and I nkwo a olt of kdns of food , in fac in my lats rtpi to Japa I learned to cook shusih .
In adiditon I love deanig wit people , I 'm very socibale .
On the othe hand I 'm used to work lon hour as a matter of fac in hloidays I had worked in many restaurants .
I hope yo anwser oon .
Best wihses
Patricia
one da Mciheal awtned to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go uot togther , his freind agreed , so Michael weared si closes , wne uo dn lcose t doro but at thi ommetn he knew he had amde a mistake .
he forgot hte kye niisde the ohm !
wta sholud he do ?
hw went to his fathre in hte company a get ht anothe ocyp of the house key .
wh he get bac to the home it was late and the metting was cacnele
It is very true .
htree is no future for public transport .
But n so myn people vae a irver license .
They hev to use publci transport .
The pulbci rtasnport can connect people .
You can mte verey kind of pepoel .
It 's some ki of socialiizn .
The publi transptr is cheaper tahn the c .
hello , my name is ivctor dn I am iong to atlk to you baout ymself .
I konw thta I am a suitbale psron ro this job , and I ac s tta nobody is better than me for this ircedible job , ebcause I have bee travelled for la t world dn in this experience , I have seen in ht neecstiy on work to fiance my joureny , so the I have dedictaed to rok on summe cmasp , na I ahev a lot of experience in this .
I hvae other qualities like , ckoing kie super chef or even better than that , I am the preson mroe organizated in this country , and I love to work iwth children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other poeple an ehlp to improve kie person .
I always do xeercise , in ht mronign I ilke to running on th beac , at ht evnenig I ilke to go to ht ygm and at night I love to swi in my ow swimming pool .
so in conculsion , I think that if you contratc you , oy will eg an xacelelnt people an an execllent worker
I htink it is treu that eh pulbic transport there is not futer , because travelling by acr is so mu more comfortalbe .
In my opinion the pulbic transport is more expensive nad it is less comfortalb that th ca , ceause the cra is faster aht the public transpo .
The public transport do stop more itm that the car , tihs trapsort go direct to it destination .
doay the people us the applciation " alh lba ac " .
it is an application htta t people use for save ags dn money .
I believe that the people in a ftuure they iwll beign to travelling shared ca mroe time and the sue less the pubci tarnsport as the tra , th bu , uedrground , ect .
The rpolbem htta I wa wit tih , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
Online Lrennig
Positiv things about ht onlnie lernign a ad you a mer mboil wiht yo smartphone and you do nt have to carry so umch paper with you , also yo on oyu won and in your own elrinng speed wha mkaes it more psesiifc on hte user it selfs . maybe your mer confortable on yuo Smartphone then with papres .
Negaticvs abou th online lerning er ta your not listening to muhc from ea real eprsno and omr fro a Coupter , if y do nt have ayn listening things in th a yo do nt lern how to prnouonce the owrsd . in my epsronal obinionits bteetr to lern fmoa teacher not only d you elrn to pronounce eh words croreclty y also elr rfmo a personwha is in my opinion ya better i tihn k we psen eonguth time on amrt phones so i do nt think it teh bse if we use them to lern as well .
ofr words i htikn its perfetc but all t grammer and tlaking i thkn oy ene a teacher .
I lev Gye 's Antamoy , thi is uspposed to be a mdeicla drama , but I am rue thi sh has been beolevd because of the sao porea dmaa parst .
Thereofer , I owlud like to highly state that ery 's Anatom is my favorite soa opera .
eh show seems dfificult , ht chaarcters always have to afc ht situations whic is uneasy to solve , but parctically , tsi show is a saop opar in hosptila .
I ude to think I never liked soap opera , because it wsa boring , out of date dn unworthy to watch , but ihs was jsu perjudice .
My mohtre als like tihs shwo .
Todya 's teelviison is really good .
It shows you mvoise , ensw and the enw rpoudcts .
The avdertisements rae a bit tricky because teh nkwo exactyl when childrne wtac , ofr example sfet Scohol .
Adn then tye just sho pdoucts specilaly for children .
So at a Spceail time is a special advertisement f this age group .
But it laos shows the new products .
Advertiesment is imptrant fo teh eocnom .
xeetp some gdo movies th also show a ol of rubbish .
Or sometimes oy ese during ht ady horror movies which should not be .
W wnast that thei child ese this ?
Of course oy na make a child loc on hte TV ub when oyu look ahrd enough for some yuo iwl find yn .
Every day htye show the ensw .
So uo nkow what is gonig on in ht wolrd .
I thin they show it four times a day .
I owuld s if yuo onw how nad when to use a TV it is good tu specilal of young people who tihnk it is a good enetrtainment to watch the whole day .
eh TV people know wha to play that teh hcilrden g addict to hte TV .
Attiutde about cshools in Colomiba and uastralia .
hte attitude of Colombians aobut teh educations ssytem is diasppointing in soem areas and optimistic in tohres .
In the same way Austarlians hav a different attitdue about their education system .
Howeev the attitude of the Colombian nad Austrlaia people is different in many ways .
In Colmbian some people have a high attitude abou educatino but three are smo others thta vae a very wo attitude .
Tih is becasue in Colombia htere er a olt of socia - econmoic levels whi mka oeple to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
Similarly , uastralians hav a differetn attidue about the education syst .
Thi is depending on t believes and t cultures of the peopl .
htis attitude is more based on t backgrounds of the people arthe th teh ssyte itself .
otday I am ve exciting becaus on usnady I will go to abngkok .
I go wtih my oledr sister , dadd and mommy .
We iwll ahev a goo time tehre .
I wll ea tyko , my favorite dessert .
We enoj so much .
Recenlty , there is a growing uontry whose envrionment is destroye by biuldign hous , hwich accour f some deabiton .
Mnay would arug hta it disadvantages haev laerady dispresed advanatges , and many others veto this view .
Wit eh tremendous htrivnig and grotwh of obth econom and cultural viersity , the need of t resource is incerading , which usde for building much - neede ohsuing nad transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significeitn symbol for the develoemnt of a country ; however , on the other hdn , dion large - scel buidlign projects may bri a glaax of prboem .
In ht first pcae , the environment is dsetroyed , because there are smo tresses an flowers before buildin ht house .
What is wros , eh room of the house wehr some naimals ilve before , so thye olts the houses , whi become the houses of epopl , envertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Secondly , building mroe houses not so muc because of livign by peopel , but mro because of hte economy , wcih is ude for buildnig speculation and teh pirec of the hosue is too expenisve to uby of pulbic person .
For exmalpe , so people w have lots of money living in shenzhen eran mroe money by buying low irce dn selling gih price , lathough the hvae house to ilv .
Also , it is reproted that Chnisee investors haev dirven up houisng rpicse in Vancouver by 12% .
Threefor , no longer on the cat go unheedde , and the govremnents hvae to dela with these problems . We should forbid eh acts by settnig ctrain law .
In a wrod , the governmtn may appeal in some ya , that we sholud ptoect th earth ratre htan only fcaus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually use the car all ht days , catually for most of the airy things ; destie the ftc thta the is small maount of poepl tta traevl in public transport .
The cra pollute big omunts of cbron dioxide , so th is th result of hte grey skies of some cities lkie Madrid Bieijng or New York are grye a hti has to hcaneg .
Using th public transport is " healthier " than t cra for the environment becaues inisd eh b na travel twenty htree humans and is only en veihcl , however it would be twenty acsr .
Also people tihnk that travel in car is fasetr than in pubilc transport and I agree wht it because teh bus or eh underground is alwyas stopping in teh different stations , so in this wya ht car is better .
In my opiinno , I will sue the publci tranpsort , not always but more than the ra although oyu travel slewr becuaes I wan to asv our plante , that the rising generations can live in good cnoditions .
My favoruite sptr
I have been playing etnins since I was a teenager an for th reason tennis is my favourite soprt .
Th main reason by wcih I like plaiyn tennsi is ebacuse I can ctnrol hte amount of eexrcise tha I ca do .
Tennis is on a coletive spor .
There are necessary just tow players and if you get tried and lo a amtc no one is going to be responsible tu oyurself .
That 's why yuo can cotnrol yuor limits .
Besdie , yo do nto need a lot of people , as on football match for exmapel , to play tenni .
osmetime it is dififcult to join so amyn fellosw to pratcies a coletive spotr .
nudercontarry , on a tennis mathc oy need just no , does n't mattre if m or woam .
T exceptino is in a match of oduble .
Ev htat oyu have to find noly three moer plaeyr in this case .
ubt , althoug al these advantages , eh tennis playe has to take cer with som dangerous situtaions .
For example , never starts a mcth wiohut a warm up because you can sfufre serious muscular jnury .
It happened wti me once and wsa ver unconfrotably .
Atoher very ocmmom ri is to fall on t squar whhc ca cuas dangeorus scartches .
In despite ht risks , I recommend thi sport for everyone wh sa a ood physical condition .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good sohes , fdn someoen to practise and tsar to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Madam
Reference to yo advertiseme I would ilke to apply for the psoitio to wor in AMERICAN SUMmE CAMPS , I am John orm the cpatial city of south tsate in dnia ,
I wkred in middl age shcool for about 2 yaers , whe I ha expereince which wll be suitable f ht current position .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a patr - time oj , how I gathered nkowledeg of bisc cooking methods , hep it amy helpful for now !
I beileve that this job suatble for me !
herewith I enclose hte ucrrent cv as you can see ht attachmtn !
I am interetsde in owr new work environmnet , kindly reply
thanking oy !
you turl
John
Hi my friend !
Ho are yuo ?
Thank oyu very mcu f oyur lts letter .
It is very nice htta oy meembe me .
Now I want to te yo aobut my summer work in olca icenma .
htis is evry cool epxerience fro me .
You shou come to my city and will ejnoy .
lal this started on Ju .
I looked fro veery ad some summer owkr and I found xecellent option .
I needde omne wihch I can spedn during study smeestr .
T ifrst day was ve nice .
Everybody was friendly to me .
Th explianed ll services procedures .
Second da was awlu .
I did nto know hwta going on .
My clients was very impolite .
I clud not cpo with the responsibiltiies .
Bu my go men tell me one important snetence .
hti oj owlud be boring if every dya owlu be inc .
He cmofotred me .
na now , I am hpap .
In owrk , I am conifdetn in wor . I hav omney and satisfacitno .
I ko that you aer like me .
And I kwo htat job is for you ! Please come and wkr with me !
ebts wsihes oyur broo Bartek !
Dra Paul
Last month I heplde host a ocncert in Timsioara .
I aw the bo ebhind th ucrtain , I daelt iwth hte osund of th concert deu to my expreience in professional msuci equipment .
I encotnered during the concert slal problems but we ha fixed very easy tahnks to th team wiht whom I have worked .
Pleasure to work at concert is whe I look in front of the stage na see different lcasse of poelpe with different ages starting from the oyung nad the elderly who fogret all yuor worires and ejnyo t saem concert as if nto and be seaprate .
ht experience is an unforgettable and I hope that I feel teh same sono at the ne conecrt .
Your friend Pogan
hwen the were toegther , hte knew that his history was about to finish .
They could lvi with thsi fac .
eppole surprised to know his relation wsa bkoen fo so olng .
They seemed happy to hsrae thier life .
Neevr nbood heard any discussion .
Tehy always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was srtange miag th en ub that wsa the da reality .
ehn had to decide with wh would tsya their ta .
They met with the lay .
hte presente arguments to ge teh ucstody and eh lyae listened ehm ver carefully to decide they can not have ht cat .
The ac had to go to the animal resiedncy and ehy had to pa the expenses .
The meeting ended .
Mcihale lcosde the door and knew at t mome he ah made a sitake
Mihcael maed a vrey b mistake ....
ehre are the mots bad mistake aht he does in all your life ....
eh mom wolud ikll hi !
ubt firs , I will tell uo all the story nice the beginnin .
Mihcale was a oby vrey intelligent .
He was the best sutdent in re cals .
Teh boy da a mother .
im taht was h anme .
hse lawasy sask to imchael to enevr idsrespect when peop are at the door and always be polite .
M could n't cacept when some bhevae abdly .
Adn Michael sia every item tah he neevr iwll do that .
But , one day d , Mia think htat hse could do a test .
eh would eg rdesesd as an old woman .
So eh iad to Michael that she would go hsoppnig and sh woul retrun oson .
Tehn she put her cover of an o owma and took her way home .
Getting the , she knocekd on the doo .... Michae op teh doo a Mia sa if he ah a ucp of wtaer to vie him a he says way he would give a cup of wtaer to an old people .
In tihs moment , Mia otok away ehr cover and Michael sa :
O !
ehse is eh most mistake I d in all my li !
T building aws initially planne as the Fedreal Legislative Palace duirng the regime of Profirio Díaz , becau the society w gvoenred nad supportde of the president .
In altre tiem , scoiety efe the nede for chang about inqiuities htat pas in ht coutnry dn the Mexican Revolution explotes , teh buildgn is aabdnoned because the govenrmen and country do nt ahve monye of construction , to the ponit the building metal estrucrue aw used as weapons .
Atfer the rveoultion , construction wli us fro represented ht wi of revolution
Almost veeyr famyl have a cra now .
The use tehse ca to tarve , of shopping , to rdive to work .
It is so much moer convneien .
Onyl in th big ci , eppole use public trnasport to wll not be trafci .
My mother and my fahtre hda a fihg to each otehr , they wanted no together .
Tehy even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grbbed my hansd , wanded me go themself , tu I had no idea , ebacuse I love my mother an my father so much .
I wanted we can lev together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lvide in the same ohuse , we ah a hpapy family .
I thinked these thing .
Fianlly , I cire , because I could n't dcedie a choice , my father and my mother saw I rc , decdied nto keep going , and they iaed sorry to each other adn me .
Hi Pete !
oh aer oyu ?
I 'm happy for you !
I agree wit yuor paernts , maybe you cuol epnd oyur monye with soemhting you raelly eed and amybe you acn bu compute gmase with the money you have left , or amybe oyu put asid money to b something really miporatnt to you .
If I were you I awi to spedn the mone .
Le me konw what you decide .
See y soon .
hwen I sa at univresity student , I wnatde to swim ewll ub I could n't swi . becuase I did n't haev to swi in my life .
so I decided to learn smi for usmmer vacatoin .
First , I registerde a swmiming opo then I went back to eh swimming pool evry day in hte early morning .
tfer 6 monsh I colud swi well until no .
so I satisfied my edciison at 13 years gao .
Nowadays I suually we bkc to the swimming pool in the weekens .
Someitmes I og rid of my stres .
I tohgth t swimming was th ebts of sprots in my life bceaues yo can use your obdy umscl everything .
So you could a lose ewigh na agined muscles .
Sem of my frinesd they idd n't wtn to hsown their body by osmeone . because a lot of students d n't hvae exercise .
We did n't haev to onugh itm today .
b I alwyas said my firends " If yuo want to have fi bdoy , y will register swimmin pool .
" So many freinsd learned to swim .
edar Dnaa ,
Thank yo fo esnidng the AA erprot to us .
The reoprt was discussed at our meitng , nad we wihs to cnogratulaet oyu on comlpeitng this audti and providing the detali dn evdienec on improvi eh outmoes fro stduents reustls in this year .
no straight observation was the low number of students that hva atken the ma coures .
We wondered if some owrk need to be done to increase t stuedn attendance in the amt cosres .
The diagram gives informatino about avriuos stase in teh process of making bank not .
It is true that three are ifve stages in the hwloe process.we can es that the processes begni with dseign adn en at packagign and disrtibution .
oloking at the information in mor detail .
Initially , bkn onte hsould be considered the design suc as bacgkronud cloour , artwork , and security iuses.then,the preparation of metal paltse is nex stage.bakn note should be sklield nad machinists.thereafter,this stage is prniting .worker shuold pay attention to colour on both sides , specila i , and images slightly riased .
subsequenlty , tihs etp is most important.bank noet hsould be inspected.abnk ontes espaarted int good adn bda if get good quality sheet , the next stga is packaging and distrbiutino.at tihs atge seets shuold be cut nito seaprate abkn notes , packed , nad dispathcde . if get bda sheets.the nest sgae is dsiposal.band sehet and bakn onte securely desrtoye .
The diagrams show abnk nets oh to mek , three a four step to make the bank notes .
First , t bnak nets rae designed by consider , tihnking from backgronud colour , atrwrok , secrutiy issuse .
Tehn , the emtla plates are prpearated by skille machinists .
And then , the sehet are rpinted , oeprato hsould pay atetntion to the coolru on obth isdse , special ink , adn imase slightly raised .
Third , this is th most important step that rpnited sehet naually inspected , the htis sheets rae classified three areas .
T number one called good quality sehtes , they wlil be packed and dispatched .
The next called paritally damage shees , an bank ontse separaed into good nad ab , ogod sheets will be uctte into separate ban notes na packed , the bad on will be destroye by fair .
The nubme htree calle ba shete , htye will be sceruely edsrtoyed .
Tihs a method of making bna notes , nad the operater should apy attention to the printe sehtes hwo to inspect .
These pictures obviously sh us what edtailed steps of hte bank to produec paper money into teh application .
Before the production , they sholud think auot teh ocver , includni background color , arwtor adn oceds whic make it different for the illegal ones , hten up them into teh printing machines to creaet them .
On hte otp of t steps is the inspcettaion by hands , htat is to say , htey should be separated tno wlel - qualified ones , which er to be cut nito bank note , and delvieerd to hte banks and the bda ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at t la sgae .
In a owdrs , th processing of mkaing mone to naks is very rceatvie dn serious , eev rigid .
I knwo tah we acn post anythnig that we nat but not like this .
Wake up world .
Look at uo .
Ris yuor onse rfom your phone , dn olo at all these nice thnigs tah the lif is givin us .
Read a book or paly football if that is what you like .
We are architects of oru o destructoin .
We ahve to lvie oru life .
oyu ca n't vie only on Facebook .
OyLO !
YO NoYl IlV ONCE !
I think public rtasnport do n't lost .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually ues a train in my school .
I thi that is eonugh .
If I will go trave I think a car is very useful . btu omveemnt of lgn distance is very tire .
Consequentyl , uo ca n't fun tarvle .
hcildren ca n't get a acr license th children use Publci transport .
Of course , Do n't have a c ilcesne people ca n't drive a cra .
Accordingly , I tnik need publci transport .
I think that members of our family ca n't be ru best Firends , because maybe we do nto ha teh sam confidence that we have in uo Frineds .
F example , maeb you ahve a persoanl situation , taht is ve miportant to yuo , btu yuo do to want your fami nkwo baout it , so you decide to tll your best friedn , ebcaus oyu nkwo s wo n't tlel naybod .
I thin it depends on hte situtaio , on ht otehr hdn , yuor sister or brotehr , ac be one of yuo bets Firends , you ca tell ehm important things , ubt ks them not to tlel your aprnets .
I 'm studying Businses Admiinstration , I htink my maojr is so busy .
But aos when I 'm working on a projec hwihc nivolvse business , I fee rewadred .
Actually I realize that ubsnyes is not for th maojr , eveyrbod kon Tec is very demanandant and if uo wanna be tree you must work hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator whe I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports cmopayn ki UA a then I ma ahv a little vraiety on works .
Finalyl I hoep to egt my won business .
Faimly members are teh people who wil company us in our whole lfi .
Compare to our classmtaes or co - workers , t members of ou famiyl konw us th mots .
ehy know what our habits are , whta we thni about adn what we lki to eat .
Family members rae teh omts importatn a ebts friends in our life .
First of ll , fmaily mebmers ar tohs w will kee in touch forever , so they know ru habits the mots .
Moreover , th knwo how to interact with us . They can mak you happ , hceer up you min and alwyas supoprt yo whe you ar in rtouble .
Secondly , family memebsr alawys know aht we are thinking about .
Faliies realzie our midn so muhc ; However , oru clasmsates or compnaies ca n't reach taht becaus they do n't stay with us all hte time .
lny families acn kno us the oms becau they live wit us when we came to tih world .
Final , family memres wil alwya prepare the fdo you like to eta .
Tehy alwyas give you what we liek to eta .
In adidtino , thye always supply much food to us so that we wo n't st hungry .
Besides , eatign iwth our mailies are one of the most happiness hting in ou lef .
In conclusion , noyl maily membres know what we are most deeply .
Al , family mbmers aer eh pelpe that we will always watn to saty in contac forevr .
Because of th reasons above , we c say that ht emmbres of our family are ou best friend !
Tennis , tennis is not ust a psrot anoyne acn play btu it 's profsesiona sport needs to mor ahrd traiene and more time to be perfect in it , in ifrst wyh I chooes tennis ? , seriuosly in 2003 this is my fisr mie to watch the game on TV wne I sa roger federer played I htin he is the one that made me lev thi sptr , due to it 's rpofessional motion in lpyaing the ball , fmo tsi ti I aw interested in this gma and watching lal chamiposnhip , so mroe time , tmie a time it w my faovirtie sport .
my advic is be patien , be smart this spotr on esa ubt it 's ene omre trainee , mor time to be one of th greaetst player in th game
MY BEST FRIEND
I mte my best firend , Aish , at a rfien 's in ocmmno patr s years ago , when we were 25 .
While I was dacning eh pushed my by caicdent , eh did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant perosn at first .
But , when uo friend in common nitrodcue her to me I eralizde that eh was a funny na nice person .
Aihsa is a fnny gir , sh is laway making jokes , a seh erally nkow ohw to have fun .
Hre parties are always t set .
eh loves dancing nad hs is really a party animal .
eh is also a godo listeenr , hs always know what to say in a bad moment an she is always hter when a friend is in truobl .
Asiha is in ih thetries .
She 's from Mraocco , so she has Arbaian feature , for xeample , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , s has long dark wavy hair dn black expersive big eyes .
Sh is tanne an has a sli complexion .
aer Redaction ,
I hva jts rae , that oyu need reivews of saops opera .
I have one favourite soap orea .
Tih is a ' Beverly Hisl 90210 ' .
I lvoe this film , becuase it shows teengaer lfi .
And I like s how tye look like .
I ilke thei sytel a live .
They learn at scoho , hte have problesm with aech hter , the fall in love , have pratie .
Mos of all I like Bredna , becasue she is a smar , beautiful person .
And she wears the bse lcothe ever !
I wuol li to be like she .
I think that a lot of epopel can learn ho to lvie , what thikn , aet , wear from htsi soap opar .
My best friend is my sitsre .
Altohguh I have 5 members of my family but sut oen from 5 is my real rfien .
She d a lot for me , my li
.
In my oipnion , thta is not a logical statement which jbies wht teh fact .
Frits of la , although travelling by car become mer convenient , teh grwoing population whi cause personal vehicle is ahrd to manage .
Th traffic ajm ceomes more na more seirous as far .
Such as Beiijng , eh metropolis in Chnia , faces the aslient bda traffi as suc government h to encourage ht citizen go to wor by pbulic transport such as bus and subway .
Appaerntyl , this method ah amde a gaet cnotributino to th traffic in Beijing .
So , hte upbli transport is playing an imporattn role in our dail ilfe , It shows an indsipnesable effects on the soiceyt work .
Craoiva
Introductino
eh ia of this report is to inform teh committ abuot the attractions of this town .
The report is based on the opinions adn arnking of pepoel a critics htta have bene visiting tehes places .
Town cetner
In the otwn center there are most tatrcations as well as one of eh ebst bars in t region " the Albastirca " .
Man visiotrs come to it ub there a more attrcatinos htan nol on bar .
Theer is a gaitn pakr which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it sa animals , a funfair an a laek .
Pluses
Whta 's mo about t town is that it is n't lacking shopping aficlities .
It sa a big mall that has been recently opneed up , and it octnains everyhting teh visiotrs giht need .
On the toher the lal lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has bee recetnly opene .
Conclusions
To sum it up I stronlgy sgugets taht ht visitors saty as umc as possible in this town as it has lamos evertyhign hta a ma needs .
Some people sa there is no future for pubci transportation ub I do n't think so .
People who believe it do n't crae auot air pollutoin an traffic .
Lmia is a small city where tehr is no mroe spaec ro another acr .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start consrtuctign raods which were convenience of hte majority .
first my favorite sprot is futboll and i like for many raesnos of example while y ar watching a match you 're giong to feel exited adn entreatining seides that fubol has the ebts ftoboll playre than ev who is l mesy he 's ht best and he s able to awesoem stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday mronnig a rguop of American touirst wne to a bike irde for through the center of Buenos Aires icyt .
On of htem was interecpted by a man on a motorcycel , he seemed to have 28 aer .
The sa w armed try to steal the bacpkac .
ubt he no be fiexd thta teh man was a maera in his head nad hi cation wa filmed .
He was ufirous becuaes the Amreicna do n't unedrstand what he uold as .
Th tourist wa surprised to se a gu , the robber forced t man in the stree and the eh toruist p to nu .
He aws vrey lucky because the gunamn reutnred to pick up his motorbike dn keep h gnu .
The amn r to weher his frineds adn sought a ploice .
They found a police naer it an made teh cmoplaint , the group contniued the bike ride and erturend their hotel totally scrade .
Aftre two day an wit eh ehlp of t filming ht gnuman was captured and brough to juitce .
Now he aws arrested an charged before a mgaistrate for teh robbery , waiting fo si esntence .
The toursit rteunr to si cotnry very scerd .
How ac I strat ? shoudl i tsar with speaking about mysel or baou my country or about my faliy or baou my lfie ?
It is hra fo an eatsren gir to do whta eh likse becaues of her society 's trdatiions and csutoms .
L 's tkae me as an example , I am a 25 years ol glr who is rgaduated from faculty of egnienering na want to travel to Germany to complete my study btu I am nto able to do this because my family iwll not lalow me to trave alone .
I am trying to chang my faimly 's opinion so that I can travel .
Collgee is hte only place hwree i fee I am spceial that is w i always lik to there .
Ho we treat ht earth has a dierc impact on ourselves .
Today , bceaus of our porgress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems taht had n't appeared before .
For examples , lkc of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depeltio , and ect .
The rpoblmes were n't so significant th we ovrelooke them , but nwo they becem seriuo thrtas hta we ca n't ignore .
oh cna we oslve these problems ?
Just chagne your daily habi .
Ther ra so mayn uqestoins .
Who we rae ?
What do we do ?
hwy we make imstakes ?
Tehre is no clear answer ubt teh ser thing is we rae humans .
As a nature of muan , we wlud make imstkaes .
But we hsould n't make sam mistakes .
If uo rwogn , I will f uo and if I wrgn , lpeas f me .
Awyay , we would make mistase , if we do t ne chlalneges dn new tasks .
We hav to if it all again .
Intrdoucio :
Th aim of this rpeort , is to hso how does my town teks care of hte environmtn .
Home rubbish :
The mayo , in lolaboration wiht Lipor , distributed leaflets wtih information on " How to dla iwth houeshold rubbish " .Each leaflet xeplains how to separate the ho urbbihs .
Intsead of putting the rubbish in en trashcan , the families should separat it in htree different rgoups - papers , glassse nad plastics - and put it into eh ocrrec ce piotn .
ht comapny respsnible fro rubbish oclletcion collects of th garbgae , alread separted by th afmilies , and afterwards odse th recicling .
How dose teh town treat eh environment :
Th Ciyt Hall is very concerned in kepeing ht area lceaned .
In stie of t informatvie sessions about ht enviorenment , organized by the amyor of la of eh residentes , it asl has olst of tsaff that clenas hte srteest , take care of ht city gradnes and collce th agrbage .
E friendl :
In conclusion , I wolud like to say aht hte city wree I liv maintaines teh cti cleaned and artactive , for eppole tha lvie there an f htsoe wh viist teh cyt .
I do believe that hte members of my fmaily are my best friends fo ma resanos.first of all , we got the same education as we grew toegther we nko each other .
If I sfufer fmo a porlbem t frist setp I do is I t to go back to my lovely sister ebcause deep isnide I know hs is olny emmbre hta can assist me .
escnodly , if I ened money I wil come back to my brother or ssietr I ask them to brorow osme money .
I think public transport ah ood prospect in hte future according on fololwign reasons .
First , the trend of evnironmentally friendly has rgow sinc teh sohratge awareness of fuel , taking pubilc rtansprot acn decraes ht air pollutno by ac , and omer governmtns had biuld the pulbic transport system inlcuding subway , buses ect .
Th transport in eh icty is n't inconevnietn as years ag .
The othre is , travelling by car is n't conevnient if you go to teh famuo resrot , most famou resorts cak of prakin lots , travelers may psned hours to park .
On the contary , people hwo take hte publci transport na omer enjoy the travel becau tehy do n't waste tiality on driving .
To summarize , because th development of upblic transport is more and more complete , th advanateg of travelling by cra wa plaec by public tranpsrot gardulaly , the futrue of the publi transport is bright .
My favourite sport is football .
It gives me many a potiive energy and fnu .
I have plaeyd ofr 12 years .
I am n a professional playre .
I pla juts for yourself
Sometimes If I would ilek to play football b it rains I can watch ftoball on tleevision .
If I lpa iwth my bets irends at fotoblal I will be a goalkeeper .
In footabll my favuorite poistion is goalkeeper .
It is really hard to igve moe advice .
We have to be very patient .
My advice is olny no .
If you prcatise you iwll achieev slils .
In Somlaia , people usually throw the rubbsi a garbgae in everywhere , and tehre is no a cylc whihc intended to keep it .
The city ocunci ar tackling with oh tye cna ekep teh ci clena , a eca and eevyr omrnign tehr ar employees wsoe work aer to collect nad eep eh evniornment clean .
Many of the main orads of Mogadishu are getting artactive by the day na the poeple begun to mka their icyt clean .
Swimming is my afvortie sport , I uaully swim 2 or 3 time a wee , swimming is a good psor esepcially in summer .
Study says t cool watre will cool ht bdo temperature donw and that mnas it will burn ht body f fast then th toehr spotr .
The ohter adavntage of the smi is t less mipatc the knee .
Swimming will be teh godo exercise to the peopl wh a not albe to jgo or eevn awkl .
By eh way , some people do n't like to swi ebcause they hva dfiifculty fidning the wsimmnig pool , I think that just an xecues to be lazy , the Interent iwll hle you to ifdn uot .Let go to siwm .
FOoTBAL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , tehre a many choices to spend in oru free itme scuh as go spoping , travelling , liste to muisc , readin , et ..
tu to me , I choose playing oprt in my free time .
Football - the mts popular spor in the world , is wlel - known as " Kign Sprot " .
Theer aer two taems and aec tma ah teh same amount of players : ambye 6 , mayeb 7 and amxmium 11 .
eh objective of teh gmae is to score by kicking t ball itn the pposing goa .
Actually , I began to play football ehn I was 10 yesr ol .
I pla football in my fee itme until now .
Tehre are mnay reaosns why I enjyo football .
My first idea , football mek us stay in shape , avoi soem diesases .
A ceond idea , It helps us ma nwe friends when I take apr in some footabll team .
I have relatinoshpi with epopl who are playing ofotblal with me .
They to only help me in verey macth but slo share me everything in dai life .
A finally idea , football maeks us enjoy our lief and increase qualyt of lfi so afr atfer worki ohurs .
Eatin a balanced idet is somehting very importan for anyen esepcially for pregnant women , children adn old poeple as htei bodies nde more nutrition than younger pepole .
Alhtough balancde diet will offer energy na vitality but hta 's not all of hte htnig , Exercising is important too in addition to teh balanced diet .
My favourit sport is footbal i lev it so much when i was young i sued to watch football and my faovriet taem is Barcelona i was pla iwt my rfeinds at the street and we aws hppy wtih that so much and after that we lpaye at playground lki reall football i lvo Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the ebs plaeyr at the owlrd a few peopl tellin me thta messi is the best palyre but i feel angyr when i hera that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best playre one day tis lkie a dream to me .
I tihnk t alcohol is th mots dangerous addcition all aronud t world .
Because mnay people hav ided ofr this , a it 's really hard to tso ihs addiction even if hte preson wants to sot it .
my fvaorite spotr is swimming
i swim 2 times ep a ewke
somitmes i go to ht swimming pool in ht sa are which i owr there an sometimes i go to the swimmgn opol of my cousin ,
i enjoy wehn i spend my tim in the water nad now vee i am pregnant i am afraid when i swmi wi a group of people i ekpe tlelin them nad screaming do nto clsoe with me ! ! !
hhh sometimes is ufnn
but my uhbsand he tkase casr of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much clos with me ,
my omther in law she likse swimming too
last inght we ewn to t swimmnig polo it was a lilte bti ocld bu we lkied so we went to the pool adn sratde to swimming i know how to swim very ewll tu she does n't hse ha to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
to : meam Brown@ ........... co.ukDet : Thu Nov 26 , 20 05:10:07 Europ\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHell Emma .
hwe I reda your e - mli I wa very usrpriesd about it .
ewl , I think it is really creatvie .
If yo want to visit me yuo have to do it in the next mnot beacuse I have a football tournmanet , and I umts participiate .
So aht about next mnot , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dsih nmaed " Bloody ilvre " .
It could be starnge fro the otehrs , but it is really delicoius if served with cron .
If oyu wan to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dgai .
It is a bit far from my hoem , beihdn the feu statino once we letf you acr .
To answer your question , I can not atetdn th aprty beacuse I do not ilke thesee kdn of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
We ht management of The rahc Londo ohetl received your mli and wishes to el y know that oyu should amk known to us the potiion you edsried to wro in via reutr mail lanog with a scan copy of your sigend contract of agreement to neabl us make veery necessary corrtcions .
Thank y .
When it ocmse to public transport , the ufture is realtivel rak cacording to the prospection .
Indeed all the indictaors show htta humni bheavio will not change at elast in the fololiwng decades .
Car cotninues to attract epolpe .
In hte ohte hand , Governemnts are on ab to change transportation ploiceis to ehnance public transport level of service .
Mlaaag is a otnw that takes care of the enivronmen .
raound eh ciyt , htere ra a lot of containers for rbubis , pieces , platsi and crystal .
Al people has evry cols smoeone to recycl .
Al , uo acn upt clothes and shoe th you do n't nee it fo farcia childern .
So , Malag is responsible with the environment na with people wtih more necessities .
Secondly , in amlgaa there are stnog an hard rlues for factories .
These companies ums atke care of the environment or they woudl have to pay bi tax at teh council .
So , in egneral , I think amlag is very responsible wit t environmen an cats in consequence .
The wya of ilvng change everyday : if we thin about our grnadaprents ' , b aos abotu ou paernts ' life , we ontice many differences .
Above a the atlke more : we lev in the era of ht telceomunication and onne cuold lvi witohu their mobile phone or their cmoputre .
Be always in cotnact with our firneds sa becmoe ru wa of livin .
Mooever laso simple tihngs are changed , for example t ood we e : some timse ago veerythnigh was natura , haelhty ... but now everyone eta laawys " nuk food " an tihgnhs lkie thta , hwich are completely nuhealth !
Hoewver , ohw wil oeple 's life chagne in the next 50 years ?
As a reustl of what I have just said , in my opinion poepl wo n't hva a " erally lfie " : eevryon iwll be lawasy mo involved in the virtual life so thta htey will forget how to talk each tohe a oh express onw feelings !
baout ht ofod , I miagine a futrue society in wihch restaurant wo n't exis : epopel will aet onyl jnuk foods a food , ihch h been prepared before , fodo in t ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which iwll cause many problesm .
ro thi reas I also iamgnie tha in t future doctors dn scinetsits will have so mcuh to do !
Do n ruin our ilf , it could be all so perfect !
My favouirt sport is soccer .
Alos , we can lea to hlep each ohter in the tma .
My favuorite tirc is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer lpaeyr is Frank Lampard .
My favourite team is Cheslea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Ko tsadium .
My favourite socc is the Bzauca .
I starte oscecr wehn I was four .
I often paly socecr with my afthe and my brtohre .
hwe it is ohliady , my brother a I play soccer twice a week .
It is reall good to pya soccer !
Eveyrone is afraid of something .
A to of people are afraid of actastrophci venets eevn thougth it 's very improbable taht the same thni wil happen to us .
Some fear are instincvie a it 's positive ebcasue it protetc us orm real daegr , it 's a ood response .
Bu the hpobias are which we experience that rae ilef - threatening and the can distrput everyday life , btu peopl ca eg voe wht teh right sort of therapy .
So if we want to ilev a life which is n't controeld by uo efasr , we sut try to be more objective and apy rm attention to the real dangers .
We should spend elss item worriyng nad more itm beign hpapy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote ihs story ( eh w of eh wolrsd ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space cretaure everywhere .
Sciecne fiction magaznies and stories spread .
Adn ht flyign saucers ' cutlur has dominaetd . The wll be green in color .
Thye iwl have thr eyes , atnennsa over their ehasd , a gsn ifring grne extraction .
They want to occup the planet Earth bceuase , accroding to them , uo seources are tsil vigri ..
laisno rda the toe , smiled , nad immedaitly put on h oca .
laison put on her aot , olse the dro na went to his parents hoes by cra .
She went to si parents ohuse becuase they sen he an email that said that his father is okay after the oapration .
Whe alison nkoc on his aprent doo sh noticed that there were many pepoel in her aprenst house , a man op the fnot door .
When sh entered the house , a man aw lokoing at h with a bad faec , whe usddenly this amn sto with a gun to laisno fathre .
Aliosn lef hte hosue vyr scared , it w a drema .
Nowaady , pbulic tranpsotr is sude f many poeple in the citise , we ac find idfferent types of them , scuh as ub
utb and trai , but is ther a future of it or not ? , I am going to respnod this question giivng disadvantanges a advantages and finally I gev my personal opiinno .
To beig with , Public transports is ont as comfortalbe as using ru own vehilce , every d , abuo al in th mornni , it is usually rcowdde , d to poeple than begin to work .
Secondly , omving in a tiy in pbulic transport colud be horrible , there are oo many staion , and we spend a lot of tiem on them until we arrived at home .
Although I have written soem disadvantages , public trasnport is bettre th privta .
Fisrtly , if anyone want to mov in the cyt using the ca , aht could be evry exepnisve , due to traffci ajm .
escondly , Pbulci transprot is mer ecological and less polluted iwht t envriommetn , so as it is produicng lss polluetd fume , nad many of teh use green energy , usc as electriicty or ags .
In cnolcusion , from my point of vie , pulbic transport is more necessary now than never before , ctiies contains omer automovile nad eh plolutoin is worse , we need to chgne o mnid , dn rty to use htem as other atlerantive to imrpove the envriomment of our cities .
Last week , my calss and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
we visited many cities .
teh firts day we went to Taormina and Giardiin Naxos , the day fater we visetd Siracusa , the thi dya Argigent and The valley of th temples and t alst ady we saw amrsal an Tarpani .
I nejoyed al the icteis we wa tu eh best in my opinion is Siarcusa . in particoular I likde Oritiga tha is eh oedst part of teh city .
I also like ht Valye of hte temlpes of Agrigent so much : it was amazing .
I think taht the worst thni of the tri is tta the last night in our room htree ree a lot of insects dn some spiders and we must chang Roo .
public trasnpotr nwo a dyas h become a b uncomfortable becaus we can not thnik of avialability of seat .
algre number of peopl sue it wihch results in evr - loaded buses dn trnis .
it tka to much mie to travle by public transport htna by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport nad there timings too er not fixed .
trvaeling by car or na other personal vehicle is too muc more convenitn becsue it takes too mcuh less time na it takes us direlty to the place where we wnat to go .
In a recent tmi pirevt transpotr is omr conveinent htan public transportation , althoug pulbic transport liek sues , trian , ferrie a intercity rai are consuming less item na enreg bu sometimes its craete problems .
In public transport epople bou to share transport maens with srtangers and aslo we have to pers copmany policy or regulations , but with their ow rtnasport we do n't have to botehr aobtu htees things we trevl hwe we wa adn hwne we have time .
We do n't hvae to book ticket in private transoprt .
So we acn sa htta tarvelling in their own transportaiton is more comfortable .
People ahd drived car to go a wrok .
The cit have a lot tarffic .
Tehy prfee to go owkr ra tahn bus .
Publci rtansport is rey cheap thne c and redcue rtaffic in hte city .
It 's treu drive by car is so umch mor cnovenietn , because people do n't need to wait bus .
They ac dvie na hour , they can to go adn to ocm any memnt .
They can travle another plcae , independent th huo .
Bu , bta adn tarin er pbulic transport most used for pepole .
Some citeis theer er n't bota , because do n't have river or sae .
It 's comum in cit the bus .
Some bsu have sepcila and prefeerncia sit to lo poeple .
This is itnerseting because people are praccie solidray .
I think could have a l ub in city .
Many car is poluent for planet a is alergic to people .
Teh train do n't have poluitoin .
This transport is ebtter to population and do n't have traffic in ciyt .
Anothe idea is ride a bicycle and to wa street .
Tihs can ehl heauthy the people and city will saty most clean .
So we must reduce by car on sterte .
We iwl be evry happy adn we .
will be mor heautyh .
My favuoirte sprots walk , I reall lki this spor for svereal reasno :
1- It 's very comomn I ac do it anyhwere and anytmie I nat .
2- It 's ver cheap , I will not bu anything to do .
3- It 's not ha spotr , in all cases I iwll no be tide after walking .
4- It makse me relax because I stpo odnig my cativiyt from work and study .
5- It gvie me big tim to thni on a my life iwthuot any distributions rfom anybody .
cause all these erasons walking is my afvouriet spo .
rfo few years , people ues difefrnet types of transport . We red by bus or by cra .
We f at plen or somtehing ohter .
eh tarvellin by ra is omer convenient in my oipnino .
Firstly , you saev money if oy su a car .
Whne you irde by bus , you pay mro .
Moreover you rtavel wiht the tohre poeple .
You sta in queue for ub a ticket .
Secondly , you should fele uncomfortable .
At some means of transport is too crowdde and yuo haven ' t og a pla to tsya .
sometimes uo lie on a window .
It is n't good .
Finall , if you ired a c you musnt crae about timetable . oyu can go at eveyr uor .
When uo go by bus of exalpe , you must wait at cold bus station .
I hate this .
At su up , in my opiinon rtaevlling by acr is better .
oy vae comfort , you fele bteetr .
You do n't have to woyr htta y do n't arrive in time .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say htta people in my two does not acre abo the environment .
We need to strat doing something to avoid contamintaoin .
There are so many littel htinsg we cuodl do to care for eh environment .
So many stor , and lal eh thnigs happening around eh world are the ruslt of not takign care of the oln plante we have to live .
I usppose thei lisftile intoelrable , restelse nad I really sympohtis with htem Magotiyt of outstadnnig and appreciated people are frustrated .
They tur into arroagnt and furiou idols ebcuase of sohrtage of ptivat lifetiem pepretual attnetion .
aht is a pitiless trial ro celebrities b thrguh thick and tihn htye go on .They archieve th gaosl maed exceptionally in asek of money nad vanity .
I realised it is no wotrh it .
htnak y ro your care .
Thre is one thni confuse me that is the old extension number .
I always answer some rwon casl dn thsee clls distract me .
I receive mna calls looknig for the previous wokrre and I ne to sepn my tim to explain what happened to him .
Mya I haev a new extension numre ?
Thanks f uor hpl .
Dra Jo ,
Romania is a beautifu country and ahs nay jobs .
Also there a nay alces to see , moutnanis , lake where you can relxa dn have fun .
Teh jobs are nec na you can work for three motnsh .
Teher is ogdo p las .
I als wro in mumer as a wairtess in a terrace .
It is ood adn peolpe are nice .
ese you soon .
Hi ,
I hoep you are well .
I 'm writi you a eltter bceasue I wa made a short iflm with my rfiensd , an I want to tell you what is eh film about dn oh was the exeprience .
ht idae of ma a flim comse up a asturady nigth at a meeting of frien .
At first we thought that the idea aws ujst a joke , b Jake , on of my friedns , asdi that he hda carried a video camer .
When Jake sia that , we start orar wiht laughter , ub then , anohte firen offreed t idea to do a ohm film .
The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh ll nigh and we enjoyed that ve cool eda .
In itesfl , the fml ddi n't have an especailly otpic , but I c describe it like friend 's fil as apperas lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friednship is hte greatest tihn that exists .
By t w , I 'm sedning teh flim togethre with this letter .
L me know about you an oyur lfie .
Hep to hear from you soo ,
ibnaca
urnning is my therayp .
I staretd running to lose weight a endde in a ilf ahnging experience .
Some may say that rnunnig is very smiilar to reilgoin , tu to me is more than tta .
Running connects me to my inre Goddess .
Running is cheap na everynoe na tkae up runnin , no experience required after lal it is jus o tsep after t other .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public trnasprot .
So I og a lot troubles :
1 . Everyoen spends much tmie to rtavel .
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't crae peolpe hwo around hmi .
That means he is a craelses , w laway drives oo fsat
tu publ transport has advantages : If we uses it is th essentai transrot to tarevl .
Therfeore nevironment will be imporved .
Maybe traff 's accident is decreased
I am writing to erprot on the lcola transport of Toluca .
T pulbic transport most used in Toluac is el ub because it is hte most cehaper , ub it is vre b and unsafe , teh qualit of it is very bda , the buses er odl a osbolete the have broken window nad old and borkne seast .
The servi is evry bda the driver are very angry na stressed out these do nto lead iwth cautiion , in Tolcua xeist report of hihg rates of accident by bues .
The public transport is unsfae because growth t theft an kidanppign express to use .
I suggest changing the old bsue by nwe bess and put security cameras in ht ubess .
That th camreas transmitted immediately eh miage of the robbesr at other buse to ensure tta htye rae alert , a that the drviers receive traniin and sanctions by conduct bda .
I thkn we live vyr qiuc , always running , we do n't enjyo our lives .
Because we nat a lot of moye , a olt of things ... we aer always working ofr giving more moen , we do n't eet our neighbour ro example .
Myab in t futrue lil be owrse .
Tree is is no future ro public transoprt beacus car sa mad life so easy .
It 's ecnooimcally a practically is more exepnsive .
People
Perfre to us casr intsaed of upblci transport .
It 's saves tim .
In old times luxries wree not considered as ocmprae to Heslht btu nwo every one prefer to asev ti and maintain privacy ihch one ca noly afford by suing her / hsi private trnaspotr so gradually public transport losing its cha .
public transptr
I thni it 's very ipmortnat as it redcue the prolbe of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big adn carry a lot of pepol .
nudergronud , tranis nad buses tehes means of transport are hcaep so it helps the poor to asve some omney .
government should taek care of public transport teh sohuld save mena of entertaniment epoplse shoudl keep them clean adn safe if they sue it caerleslsy it will be useless Now Thre is no future ofr publ tranpsrot , because travelling by car is so much more ocnvenient .
cars aer faster tha public transrot so cars rae more convenient than upblic rtanspor it is eaiser , faster and more comfortable especially in logn distances so govenrmetns should miprvoe public tarnsprot as n a people ahv acr
Now a day 's travelling became easier f the humans to move all voe t rold .
amny of teh peoel habiutaetd to use tehir own vheicl as their transport , wher they cna reach hteir destinatoi in time .
In th follonig paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial sisue .
firstly , We are having different mdoes of tranpsrot faciliteis , which maong is rda transport .
As Automtive Indusrties are huge in amrke , mos of the house hloders prefer to buy a cra arthre tha any other motor vheicle .Teh can have aeys voe rfmo osurec to desitnation iwht in no tim .
nad three need not to be depend on the public transprot of hteir journey .
As private transport is increasing d by d , it 's surprises that there ma not be any upbilc transport in up ocimng days .
Secondly , if ht private tarnspotration is growing afstre , the trafifc is laos ogin to create a major problem , which efeftcs ht global warming .
An the income htta is getitng htruogh tih servicing trapsort will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the eocnoym of th govermnent .
Antoehr issue we ac see here is unemployment .
oms illiterate people chosoe their proficiency as public transportations liek , bsu service , ac esrvice , atuo service .... tec , in ordre to flu fill thier basic nede .
People iwht more uenmploymen am also ela to a crem rate .
I hope , ginig euqla priorit f both public and private transportation maeks healthy .
nad we can ee that controlling rtaffic is not going out of th hansd .
In all mies a places there is always some typica food of the cuontr whree we live .
My name is Laura dn I ilev in Argentina .
Heer , in this country there are typical dsiehs , desserts , drniks .
Some of htem are , rosa , mate na soem tohers , tu those are the bts known .
On the one hand , I kie to have thisg typical in aec count , apart for ehy are delicious , because hwne you 've ogt the opportunity to travel , yo c go adn experience with the fo to .
On teh othre hand , t ba thing bauot when thre are so deilciou food , it 's that always yo want to eta some typical food of yru country an at the en it 's ve b ofr the boyd because we e them in execss .
In tne years , they did n't change tah tihngs , bceuase teh er delicious na no one would ilke to ea aynthign tohre than raost !
i think if the gorement do hte best wro about the transport , tehy acn save it .
ht pulbi transport is hte best w to save th planet na have a best atmosphere ; aslo we safe money dn can meet pepole .
it is true the car is more confortable , btu it use a lot of nieral rceursse ilek petrol wihc cna contaminate th abmient .
i do nt tihn the public trasnport deos to haev fuutre , there ar a olt of people who cna no bu a car nad sa to use the communite transport .
Public transport is very umc complicated now a dyas .
Place like ummabi is full of People and no place to apr the vehilces .
Day by day people aer increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is mro an ll the people wtn to rtavel by pbulic transrot so it is difficult to trvae . Bse way to traev in there
own car or van .
Tihs wli saved hteir tim .
rtanspotr are good aw to travel for pla to another plac .
I ah owrd wit a boy and he wi rpel to me by tomorro .
It will be good to inetrview both and y acn decide .
I am hoping this bo wi ocme f t interview as he was syaign reecntyl he has got a nwe job .
Is the Internet th greatest vnention of al tem ?
Interen is a useful means for everyone , so we ra getitgn on iwht distant frned , and we olok fro important information when we er studying or entretaniament htemslef .
First of all , I am going to tal baout adavanatges and disadvantages of this tpoci .
Fits aadvanatge , is Interent too muhc quick , for example hwe yo wan niforamtion about somethnig .
Second advantage is Interne by website , such as twiter , facebook ... oy allow sepak with your qukc friend , or you can mee ti the by webstie , therefore y do ont cal by telephone , so inetrnet is ot much chepa .
cacording to disadvantangse , at present , chidl are aways lpayin iwht his compuetr gems and ombiel phone .
Both computer mae nad mobilephone have ogt internet , as a resutl , they ahev n ogt tem the anothre traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , epopl do not meet iwht friends , since they speak by website niternet , so every time there is unlses relationsih , hte epople is nto scoialbe .
To mu up niterne is an progress moer miportant in the rold , b too three are a l disadavantage dn advnatages .
In my point of vi , Internet is sueufl fo eveyron , but we hsould ont abuse , so carring out another activities .
Good Thrille was not my favorite tpy of gender until I swa ' No Esacpe ' .
This movie is aobut what happens in th real lief rgiht now , on the other side of the world .
hte perseucte an American famli that wtn becaes of hte ad 's jo , hwich wsa something abuot a company htta teh natives form tah lpaec ahted mo .
Without expecting it at all , this family net someweher vore Asia to sttr a we aw of lviing .
In other wodrs , they had to get use to a difefretn kind of world .
It was n't htat easy ro eh couple tih two little grils .
ehy had to escape wi the doors for eh country olsed , wihle kaing srue boht igrls id n't gte thri minsd full of nuk ( people killing ) .
And in some of th secens t little gril ecsaped or the da had to make them ujmp rfom a building to another one !
Anywyas , I owul n't want to ruin the enidn bu I would definitely recommedn yuo to see whta happens next !
Heeln , I id n't exepct this .
It wsa a huge surpries ofr me !
I really appreciate oyru cadr that you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I have nveer gto anything li this .
I ceelbrated my birthday tihout any complications .
We were having a good tim .
he , I 'm oha .
I 'm a student in hte Aacdmey of Finance .
I co from Ninh Bi province .
They are 5 people in my family : my faehr , my motehr , my older isster an my yuogn brohtre .
I wants to become an accountant .
Hell Mr Smith ,
Sorr so mcuh , ub I ca n't go to class nex week becaues I have to owrk .
Saying tta , could you tell me about nxet ewek 's wo ?
I 'll try to work at hoem .
Tahnk you .
Regards ,
Laura Pére
Dear Bbulin Lost Proper ,
I lo my phoen on 15th Ja 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city cenrte .
I sitl remember using my phone in udbli city cetner at hte entarnc .
I lost my phon nra street no 1 .
Here is dcsription about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on bakcisde .
Than
Ritesh
aer Principal of the fefcetive Learnig School
I am interested in yuo advretisemen y post in an Enlgish languga magazien .
Recently I ahev gto a job ofre fr a cmopany located in Lonodn nad it requires me ITes scroe 6.5 for visa .
I hev studie thi exam not at ll dn I ahv go a very limited time , arnud 3months , befro the als tts so I owul li to begin as soon as opssible .
I am owrking dyatiem so night tiem , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anyti on weekends would be good of me except on Modnays adn Wednesadys whne I play basketball as a hboyb .
Also I am htniking of tsudynig iwht oyu for 2months but we can lak omr abou ihs later .
I am good at speaking an listenni sectoisn bu not confident at writing , especiall essay I 've envre learnt in my lfie so I want to focus on hti writhing apr more than others .
I am oloking forwrad to heairgn from you soo .
Best ergadrs .
Samuel Mo
Traevlling by ca is mu omre covneneint but al know really theer is no future f public transport .
When we talk abuot pbulic tranpsort , there are mayn epopl and everyone travel but i thkn we do not fle relax aer there and if we atlk auot travleilng by car .
It is ht best or umc mor novenient f us .
Because we can tarvle any wher but in pulbci transpotr we can not travel to any other isets
I thnik there is a bi future ro public transport , because a lo of people want to ta taht and more tha aynthign esl that is ocnvneience .
Especially some people do n't haev a car adn some elderly persno diffciult to drivin a c by themsleve , so t public tranpsort helpeing them a ol .
Already upblic transport have been miprovement a that amke comfortable to go on a trip , but I think htat will be able to become godo quality more and omer , becsue so amn peopl expecattion .
I like a car as well , bu when I hva to driving a car I ahve to thikn about parking a lot and I ca n't nejoy meeting other people to talk hwlie I am having travel , so the pbuilc transprot is making connection with huma ebings .
It is why I think bulic transport is really important fro public and teher ar a lot of mioprtant thgn is hvaign a possble in the future .
veery Human ah points of strength and weakenss .
So , the Humnas including wome na ne should behave acroding to htees pnits .
The quetsion which is rsiign on hsould teh employer hire women in some posts nad exculdes them fmo anotre , and so htat f em .
There er tow answer to tsi quesiton , the frits one is to who sees tah it is right to exclude women fmo some jobs .
For exampel , eh biulde needs physical tsrenght to carry cements adn brciks .
The mechanic shuol hvae the abiilty to afford drwabcaks of teh job .
The secnod answe is it is not correct to exlcud men or wmoen from any posts .
T expalntaion of those hwo spuport hte second asnwe is verey o had borne equal in dutei and rights .
So there is no no acn ihr someone or give naynoe a job according to gendre .
Is convenient taek a eyra off betwene laevnig school nad staritng teh inversity ?
I thnik it is not necessary na to remomendable because you have the possbiility to earn omney and is dififcul once y egt sued to ear money , oy want to study again .
laso , if you watn to travel , oyu have to make money f that and then , trevl .
Furthermore you do n't study during tihs perido and whne you want to sta the university you would n't be lbe to remember osme important thing
So , if yo take a year off , you have to think about it .
Poeple ues pulbi transport because of saving money .
Btu no they are earning more money than they eaend before .
Theerfore , it is likely to immine that public transport will no longer exist in furue .
think h a future that all people use public transprot then I think that may continue to hav future tu has bad an ood htings , f examlpe good is aeiser to mov in the city dn you sev time , an the bad , ab eppole attcak you and tsea tihng , bu I tihng , htta hva future , beuase a l pepol eev they use pbuilc transport to .
t people use the public transport las the people needs to mov for a t tiy .
what I ' m saying is tah if oyu have future public transport htta epolpe use so much that you wlil have futrue
Convinence is ont the only en cnosideratoin when we rae travelling .
A lot of pepole hcocie publci transport for travellin because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes fastre than driving a c .
In ercnet yeasr , governments encourage peopel to take upbli trsnport bceause of fuel crisis .
Some of ogvernments nivets mu money to contsruc public transport entwork to amke travellin by public transpotr mroe cnoveneint .
ehn driving a ra , we wli face a pakrign spca truoble in a city .
ebsides , a tarffci jam is another problem .
So , I do n't think there is no futur for public transport .
My mother is my iyk bts friends in my family , hse aawys listeinn to me , sometmies i cal her wit h real name!.
hs always te me som jokes b some tise i alughed !
, i lvo her so much , i do n't nkow ho wi my owrdl ebing lek witohu her a i wo n't to kn .
I pray everyda to save my mother and a my family to me .
My naem is Tom , I 'm 12 yesr old .
I have a bla skin , balkc hair .
I 'm hsort .
I am wearnig a shitr , an a apir of trousre .
I wll iat ro you at th rtani sttaion
Wll , tehre 're a lot of sport that people practsi evrey ad ub I have one which is my favourite .
It 's basketabll .
Thsi sport haev a lot of type of match which oy c play .
oy can play with you friends or in a team even alen bu this potino is the most boring .
Basketball is a pfrect psotr because y can deveolp your relfetcions and your ship wtih epolpe .
I enjoy plaiyn saketball beacuse I relax wne I plya it and I can meet ne people and travel around yuor city or your ocutnry . Tah it 's t best because yuo can visit hte citei ...
An oy enjo between yoru matse nad li all thos special moments with them .
I cna igv oyu some adivec to start practising thi sptr .
This 's a spotr that improve yru friendshi na it 's so ogo fo yuo haelth .
And maybe oy became a famou player or a ismlpe player but you feel like a famuos .
But it is ipmortant to enjoy yourself .
The old house on the hil is a landmark in my cti .
At the beginning of its history , my icyt was a big afmr .
A river apssse by the city adn , ocacsionally , there were floods on ht plec .
itrde of hvain hteir house dsetroyed , th lanldords edicded to build a new house on the hlil , so they would n't be molested by floods anyomr .
htere is a tael tha menitons a treasure hidde on eh uose .
Thsi treauser was usde to finance a ciivl war htat took place in teh south of teh countr .
Afetr the aw , the ogl has een letf in t house .
People cem and dsetroyed th hosue lookign for th bgi treasure .
I absolutely diasgere wiht this statement .
Thre are 7 billion poeple in the world , dn it is increasing raipdly .
wo mna ca fro la of poeple in the world ?
Hvae y ever drievn on the rcwoded city a moved with 1 km/h .
More people su upblic transport , elss acr on the road , you na walk and enjoy the cti .
Beisdes , it 's also an environment problem , exhauts fumes gnulfed the earth , moer ra is use , more xeahust gas relesae , we a kliling our mothe .
In addition , thos who live on below averaeg incomes do on hvae meny to buy car .
Automobile is luxyr in moe cotnry , like mine .
It 's eh ya to porve you wealthy , when uo get a ra to your home , or go to cshoo , wro by a car , people iwll change theri imn about yuo .
Pulbi transport is being bcemoe a must - haev mena wiht many people who ha low - inocem .
In conclusion , Public trasnprot is our future emnas , I eman for almost citizen .
Not car thoug it 's convenient .
my favourite soprt is siwmmign , it makes me feelnig comfortable and left me in a good mo , i go to wsi twice a week , and my advice to anyoen nat to statr to enjoy veery momnet of it
I have rda an article on IFLS talks about a hseep has uhma face .
It shows in ht video htat the sehep acutall has big noes and pis sut lkie human .
ihch is one of ht weridest thing I hav esen .
They s the reason hwy he ha a human face is eh afrme agv his mom an etxra dose of Vitamin A. As a reusl , tah causes t defro in hi face .
In my opniino , I thni it is jsut coincidence that the sheep looks li hmuan .
On the other nad , the farmer who onw the sehep erfusde to sell the hsepe ro higher rpic tah normal to t cicrus .
I think the hseep should be transfer to a place hwere is sepcialt in animal tih sma condition .
life is a lgn journey .everday , we agni mroe & more experience .
we bocome not lny older but also wiser .we elran but the most useful htnig to learn is to get in al of expeirences & for user to maek mistakes .ubt we hev to be hnoset with our selevs by admitting our mistake to avoi htme in the future .
I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhsah .
I have seen Momiji .
It is very beaufiul .
Becsuse there is utrening red !
I have nevre se this view .
I play bamdinton with my faiml last giht .
Dear Jo ,
As yuo know , my grandmother actually ilves in Frnac wit my ocusint ojnh , unfrotunaetly he has to mek three months cousre outsied of the cuotnry , ojnh wlil aeve Franec nex weekend , but isnetad it is on opssbile , I have to go nad olok afetr he because none of my family ca nt awsit thee months ove teher .
I am so osrry to edlayin yo ivsi , hwihc was planned monsh ago , however as I told oyu is not in my hand , but I feel like it aws .
Why do n't you ocem to viist Franec instead Spain ?
Could be amazing !
ujts think baout it nad give me a acll .
Send my love to oyu faimly , na a b ksi ro you !
Dear Sir Stuart Thomson ,
I am writing to you because I wodl liek to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Yosr Sincerely
amrisuz akczorwoski
Nowaday technolgy is more mdoern than in the past and pepole lawasy devloping their invention to become more useful .
We as a humna who vie in tehse dya , we lvie rely on technolgy , evre aspect of uor ilve rae supporting by tcehnlogy .
And because of tcehnolgy uo lo beocem eaiser .
Oen of eh exapmle is television , in the psat we use it onl fro watchnig news nad movie , but as teh time goes and th etchnolyg is edvleoping t , now television has ohtres function .
Television can be used tor man things , usually we watch television of entertaining , b we can also use it fro education ot .
htese ra hte proofs th etlevsiion c als eduacet .
First , televiisno h ma programs which are can be used for edcuatino .
Many porgrasm consist lesosns for kids to learn , of ikds who still want to learn speaking nad kno the wrods , it is ver usufl becaus many programs aer very suitab fro the to help the learn faster by watching telveisino .
Besides tta we can laso use teveision to make us become knowledgebale , by watchin news rporgams .
Second , tthees dasy televison become omdern and it make television ac connected wit internet .
By that advatnage , now we can easily search and te information fmo the internet by isng television .
We cna serach it on rboswing or we acn also access yuotube to hle us .
So we ac watching a progarm that we awtned so we cna choose aht is goo and n .
In conclison , televeision na etneratin and las deuctae because television programs make it in inetrestnig way .
I will talk abotu my favouirte oprt .
My favourite sport is football I nejo lpaiyng football iwht my friends we play at nihgt it aw vre excited to lpay when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pas the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on si afec aer yuo crazy how you missed this goal !
B we wer t itnerested .
We enjoy watching foobtlal match
my favourite spotr is foobtall .
I 'm nto good at playing it , if I preefr to pya ovlleyball , bu I like to watc the games .
The eomtion the only yr if you 're a na of any tema , an oy kn the hpapienss hta yo eel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Footbla is usaully a oprt thta appeals prmiarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I reazie that I know more than smoe males .
I tsarted following football in 2007 , jus 10 yaers dl , I started because I fle in love tih a team aht hten led me to love ofotball in geenral .
I liek to watch th games at ohme iwt my fatre , btu mostly always go to ht stdaimu iwt my da , you feel indescribable eomitons . and my fath wsa to convye this apssoin .
The future of eh public rtanpsort shou n't be atken lightly , in my oipnion , hte public transport is the ebst opiton for ending hte problems wit the traffci jam ebcasue when we u a ubs or sbuway , a lot of epopl is travelling from one alce at othe in onl one tarnsoprt or vehicle .
For amyn years th pulbi rtansport had alolwed that the poelpe travel a lon distacn of wor that otherwise uold ont be psosbile .
Better still ht ftuur of teh publi trnasport is essential ofr a btetre ilfe witohut traffic .
hwe we used th car , f gneeral , o person is t unqieu who is accustomde to using your own ac , so not is exploiting the potentla of this ac .
At hte itme , we need more csr f mroe people , that 's hte maennig ofr mor traffi .
it 's ro this reosn htta I think th public transpotr is a great benefit ro the society , a a ogdo ya f move us of the o plec at other , I suggest that the government has to gev more means for t purpose of irpoving teh pulbic transport .
Hi ferdyd ,
I have rceievd your letter .
I apologise to you of not writng sooenr , but I 've been really buys latel .
Your prat sounsd exrtemel enjoyable .
Her , pratie aer noramlly for family an irends .
The man usually wear hteri bes suits na the woman ahv long dersse on
Goerg 's restaurant is a ver pleasant pcae iwht many tsaetful ercipes fr lal around the wolrd to enjoy aloen or iwt your company yuo dninre .
The Heda - chfe is an expeirence and skilufl am in hsi owr .
T ofod , his team of chefs , erpare is always magnificent and the decoration a eice of rat , nto to metnio htat eh edcoartion is fully enagegd in hte Hae - chef .Not only the food ubt aslo the restaurant itlef is a very beautiful destinaito .
Desiend by famous decorators and the partners .
Wit the laset etchonlogy systems of lighting nad beautiful painted walls with great masterpiecse of well - nkonw artists na puocming talents .
Last but no least the service is reamrkable .
Waietrs being happy to help aynway they cna dn working hard enuogh to rea thri fu potnetila so th can relish oyu .
So fairly Goerge 's restauratn is oen of teh most uinveraslly recoginezd restaurants
I 'm afraid I 'm no quite with yo , even approve public transport wll get more in the future .
oyu ca n't disagree our lgobal become urbainzation in the ufture , na you ?
That bceome our lfi roe adn moer crowd
Today 's television !
Once you have in mnid by invtiing others to egt hmoe and watch TV is what epople expected !
Teh bi deal is entertaining , and quailty is part of it .
Keep it in imen what oy shoudl do bferoe buying yuo own dreaming TV .
oy should consider thta large a bieng untouhcable TV is whta yo muts find in on .
ohweevr poepel nowadays look fro a good dseing and not ro quality , th ibg porlbem is tha prize is against uqaltiy , vene thoguh a go deisgning of TV sreise on we konw stores is the big opoin taht we can cohos to hcec .
Consider a goo rpize dn goo quali by checking na siiting otres , y should n spne too much money by buiyng eh biggset TV or largest , y can save mone by oln watching few imnute on stroes , hev oyur sit , enj na list if yo ar convinec .
In conclusion , enjo watchi moveis in you nw TV ocnsidering prizes and quailteis , some TV brnig y th experience to enjoy you favourite moive in other scenery , iwll you try ?
Pepoel hwo reach 18 hav to complete miliatry service is an issue , the usppotrers sugges that is helpful for the 18 to train the physicla fntess dn psycloogical quality , whilst opponetns point uot htat is harmful for the human righ and affect development of teh country .
Consire both aspects tta c be concluded that gvoernemnt should respetc the human right adn set up a new edpartment wihch use for people hwo want to app to complete teh miliatry service .
In my opinion uo lvise will hav a dramatic chagne in eh nex 50 eyasr .
You ujts have to think hta 50 yesr ago we did n't konw what a smartphone or a lpatpo wa , in hte schools we sued boo of paer and ont tablet or iPda , and onw technology is part of ou vies .
I thin and hope thta maybe in 50 years scientists iwl find a cure for many diesaes an th wolud cahnge uo life ebcaues we could liev ofr more time .
1 , Áalmo Street
Alameda de Osnu , Mardid
28042
Dear Joh :
I watn thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the paryt because is my sist 's s burradas .
I apologise to uo .
set wishe .
Yo frien
Marai
I do currently master btu I ac devot mysle to the Fellohsip Especailly sinc I finisehd eh Pre - Masters an now I need only fololw - up rfom tmi to tiem with my giued Acadeci , so I ahve the itme fo the Fellowship .
I agree iwt sattement that Mark Twain is the graetsest Aemrica wrietr .
Hi wokrs are known by all oev the owlrd .
When I erda hi pme " The avdenutre of Tom Soyer " I was etied .
The last thriller I hev wcthed is " Tru Dettcive " rfom H .
That is eight - episodes fli .
First of all I would like to tell abotu atmosphere of eh flim .
Tha is lik oy are going down odwn siars to dar room and feelign curiosity and fea at the saem tim .
I wa impersse because I ' ve enve seen before such films .
Thta slow - motno action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for oen day .
Paritculayr I would lek to poin Mathew Cconnahy 's rloe .
Philosophy of ihs hero is so cuh diffrent we used to thikn everyday thta I hvae atken a lo on my life orm natoher point of veiw .
Last time I wsa so impressed frmo watching " Fight lcbu " of David Fincher .
I aelly recomned tha movie to wacth .
Hi Lara ,
cie to mete you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years o a I 'm for Rom .
My hobbies are erading , travle and cooking .
I usulaly go to t sea on Sudnya moorning .
I 've got en brtoher , Franci .
I wokr in advertiisn , I 'm an account .
I hope ee oyu oon .
Lo
This report is amiing to igve a clear idea abtu the environment prereving in my town .
First of all , the lcoal council oragnised a compeittino promoting ecological awareenss a encouraging hte loacl ocmmuinty to prseerve the commutiy .
esocnd , New urlse were elgislaetd condemning any person intended to harm the environme in any awy .
ihrd , supporting teh recycling by niventign three types of rubbish bins for hrad wastes , of liuqid and the tihdr for clothes .
I am a gi fan of Arsenal .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
ofotball is nosidered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
I would lki to look to tih psotr from dfifreent perspcetievs .
ristly , footbal plays a vital orl in infying people olcally nad interantionally , of example it hlesp US and Chin to normlaiz their relations .
seconldy , football generates meny .
htirdl , from aesthetic poin of vie , it was call eh baetuiful game by Ple .
alhtough I hva been playing football ro years , I am stli ont a prefssional playre , this may be because I am not talented .
we iwll kno tod osm of information abotu Islam , silma is great rlegiion com frmo The Arabian Peninsula nad tis founded nice 143 eyars ago .
omhammed is a ikndly prophe bor in small ciyt aclle mekka and traleled to antoher city closed to mekka aclled almadina caus the people of keka wre very aggressive and they not accepted the ne Invitation f the we rleigio
Mohammed came abc to his town mekka after tha and ofragve the peopel of mekka whose abused him
Hello deasr ,
we iwll tal about " How people is lev wll hcange in teh futur ? "
I think teh principal thi in uo talking is hte interent netwokr , computers , technology and communications .
Education iwll not be in the schoosl and universiitse ! , but it lil be in the interent by many methods kie : esfl Educatno , E learning eductaoin , in many w sites like : EDX dn Coursera na distance eductaion .
the Shpoipng also will be in the internet , every thing wil b !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing you becaues I 'm interested in papyling t job in sumre camps .
I saw the advertisement last week on the newspaper and I think that I 'm the rgiht pesro ofr the bo .
I 'm forty years old na I ahve experience about looking after chilrden in my town because I hav bee working in a todldre scohlo as teach of uor years .
In teh other hand , I like swmimign a olt dn I had been palynig tenn in a local team thre yaers ago .
Moroeve that I am a kind - hea persno who enjoys meeting pepole a lot .
In your anonuncemetn oyu told about wroking in kitchens ; I live in a samll tnw na my rgandfather wsa a farmer .
He ah ilved near our tonw na I sude to spend my holidays wht him , adn , of course , I used to help h with hi co a rabbits , so I cuol do this work again fo your company .
Finally I think I 'm a freindyl woman oh lkise childern and wnats to rok and learn htsi summer in U.S.A. so
I look forward your answer soon
Faihtfulyl
eh diagrams show hwo bank notes a made .
Firslty , design t abkn notes ' abcgkroud ocloru it is artwork security issues .
Socnd preparation metal plaets .
It 's siklled macihinsts .
hte th sheets of bnak ntoes pridt .Printing colour on both sides and scrial ink or images slightly raised .
Whe printing ifnished , ehy should inspectino .
It eh most important step .
rpnited sheet mnaualyl inspected .
Finally , tehy fou good qlaity sehet a some partially damaged sheeets or bad hsetes .
They wlil packaging adn distribution the sheets which is good in there .
In that tmi they at fist cut nit separate bakn notes , seocnd they pkced hte sheets dn diapatched .
At the sam itmeba sheets adn bna ntoe securely edstorye .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for uo education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinikngs gwo .
If the way to do hta it 's easy a cie I ihnk at the en is better hta pxlain theor concepts .
Other reaosn for my poniión is htta almost all teh peolpe preffer use the visual sense a ear to hter person omr th write adn lsite fro undertsan enw htnigs .
hwil we are spnedin gdo itme awtcihng TV oru brian is not in calm , only in an other position diffeernt to th ones in the rest od t ad .
htat 's why I ihnk that it 's a godo mmoento to ee the thing through a new glass dn hta can be a very high opprotuinty .
Deffiintly , No alwyas , It depend on eh kind of prgoramme , but I Think tta noways a lot of televisión ofer help to eh people develop mo effcetively .
uhnitng is t funniest thing I know . I lik to htn becaues it is so peaceful to come ou in the forest .
I start to hunt hwen I aws seven years lod .
I hutn wiht my dda and my stepadd , we uhnt lal dfiferen animals .
The inmals I like to uhtn most is ibrds , arbibts , moose and eo eder .
I hunt most with my dad , na we awlays ha really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bti angry on each oteh .
Me and my dad ha three dgos and we hnut moose , rabb and roe deer with tehm .
The nma is Pluot , Krocne and leda .
When I 'm iwt my stepdad and hnu we haev evyr nu because we lvie in a caibn dn it 's a raelly funny mna to I alugh every evening a have ver fun .
Thye 've got many mosse so they hsoto rey mhc of them , and they hsoot at least eve itm I am teher .
My stedpad shoot a evry b moose when I wa there with him dn I get the torphy of the moos .
Dear ll
I Am communicating to yo , with teh purops of elt yo know htta we lil set up a meeting at my office with th purpose of sicuss oh we could use social meai to improve t Communication wht our usplliers , i thikn a rgeta time for the meeting oculd be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kni regards
Armanod Martínez
Mr. President
I am gion to communicate to uo something abuot teh military service .
The purpose of htis lettre is to notificate you some compalitns that some citizens has , this is rleate yh onyl boys have to be in eh drfa of militayr esrvcie , na gril dose n haev to .
I htnik if we awtn to hev eaul rights for boht .
Kind regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sam !
How are you ? I fine .
Thanks for your lteter .
Yes , I ahve a favourite restauratn .
It 's near my home .
Whe I go to th restauarnt , I laways eat mexican foo suhc as tacos or faijtsa .
It 's really ogo !
I do n't mnid eating evyr dya tehr !
hwoeve , I juts go to eh restaarnt in speci ocassions , suhc as my birthdya or hwen I pass a xeam .
I would kie to go nex Friya , do uo want to go iwht me ?
I hope to hea fmo uo soo ,
Bye ,
This diagram is ues to lilustarte the procses of wo to making ba notes , covering sveen ami atges .
First of la , we should thinikng o a design and idcied th background coluor and artwork , or even security issues .
na tehn for the preparation of metal plates , eh skilled dn machinists is considerate .
Nect , printign , sehtes of ba noets pritned ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colo on bot isdse , na speWcell , eh mo important step is inspection , we hsoudl printed sheets manuall inspetced .
ahve yo ever spnet the holiday combine nu adn knoweldge ?
Weh I used to spe my vacation in Mecca atfer eh odnig my Omrah , I visietd several places , among tme w a house ro teaching the hoyl obo of Quran .
This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students hwo memorized the hoyl book of Quran .
It is located between the ngihborhoods with teh aesthetic character if t ahlijaz desgin raea .
And conseravtoin mechanism followed in tihs hsue encouraged students to bceome a apr in it .
Finlayl , if yuo wa to erts and good companoinship , joien to thsi house .
Pyrmaids ewr no made by machines or copmuetrs and that is fomr th secrets of the acnient Egytpiasn of wo they can build a great building like th form baou 7000 yeras na it is tsill strong til n!. poeple from a over the world co to Egypt to see it 's rgeat civiliziton , around 2 million pepole come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
come vsiit t land of peace and civilization .
Dae Sir or amadm ,
I am writing to express my interest in applyin for an Egnlsih course .
First of al I woul lik to presnet osme bkcground abo myself ; My name is asdi ahmed .
my Engils lagnuag is ewa , I like to improve it hwich complete my post graduate stuyd ,
The eraosn fo cohosing this spceificall Englsih lnaguaeg in Sepetmber tuure I woul ilke to eg to kon more information about an English language course .
Our scohol is roganizing a uf fair .
This activit is really interesting tha you acn not imss .
Do uo want to know how funn it is now ?
keeping your exctinig dn joinig the eevtn .
you will agin a sen of satisfaction .
Teher a a numbre of reasons that y shoul joni the fun fair .
It is meaningful enough htat y ca raise mon for the poor or somebyd need by pruchsaing .
It is kind of you to join eh evnt nad buy something .
It is scu a perefc acitivty that th school can show the gerat to othres .
As no of the membres of teh school community , you na not miss the evnet , can't you ?
Aos , there aer som performances after t fun fair .
It usppose that uo ac enjoy the sohw .
If this several reasons why oyu should tak part in teh eevnt na to draw your attention , you ma try to search some information abotu ht event last year .
It is hoped that hte usccessful fun fari or student 's experiences can attract oyu to participate the fnu fair .
It is believe thta ht fun fai wil be hold successfully too htis years .
My favourite psort is fitenss . I lev go to th ygm , because there we wlil mete new people , amke firend a we can relax .
I always go to hte gym , I look a eh time separate 1 hour adn hafl ofr that .
When I am there I can realx adn I try do not think about my rpoblem and my wro .
I enjoy ll the itm wne I am theer .
On ewdnesday after that I go to my eblyl dance , I love , becaus I can exprses all my feeligns .
Sometems We have apresentation dn comepittion .
I am feeling vre proud about tha .
I htin ll th people hsolud practice no sopr , we na feel better afetr htta and th is evyr good of o healthy .
Effectiev teachers have a clra nad consisetnt communication nad maangement skills .
The teacher sue lesson time effectivyl .
Spend less tem to pass .
Classroom management is good .
Studei adn monitors stduents ' progress , help hte to deal with their probmes .
Stuednts must tka a serious assessment about himself .
It was a cloud an cold October ingth .
I was in a aprk when i sa a am standign just behind me .
So I started to wa awya to there , bu the yu strat to fololw me .
So I hsuold to walk quick until I can enter in a lod na laone house beihnd the park .
I start to walk trhough teh ohus unitl I listen a noise .
Then a ghost appeaerd in front of me and teh ug appaesr bhein me .
hte I owk up a realized it had all been a bda dream .
ne .
I live in a smla ctiy called Caceres .
this city is loctade in t nroth of Extremadura .
In Cáceer take care of the envirnoment .
The epopl in thi icty are aawr tha tehre aer care of nature .
Therefoer in tihs city there a not nay factories .
The people recycle the rubbi and they throw the rubbish at diferents contianers .
ht yelolw coatiner is ofr plastic as waetr bottles , the bl container is for cardboard as imlk brikc , teh gree contain is ro glass as glass bottles .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Cecres rteet and the people teach their chidlren taht the rubbish do n't throw in teh street .
Sagrada Familia , or also caleld Guaid 's Cathdera , is a ver touristic moan Catloic hcucrh loctaed in Barleona which is sti in construction .
Antoni agudi wsa the Catalan architect w design it in 189 and in 188 its construction got started .
Nowdayas , due to the catual economical rcsiis ti construction sa been stopped wht an undetermined adta .
It is nietresting beacsue it h
De ri or Madam ,
when I sa ten years o raelly I lik to play football too mcu . I ahv joend football - teams wihhc is near to my hem , I prfere to this aem beacus of my family is on reach , tye cna on proivd ofr my trnasportatino fese to go exercises stadium .
The team is not very famuos but I nkwo in hte fuutre will be .
I try to be football player in teher .
The tea name is coimgn location rae hwcih is AKAsRAY.I prefer to lpya a wtac football as wle .
I want to advise all studnest that start tihs sport for heath a to ofre ya for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell itme a to loss calroie .
faetr makign psor oyu will feel your body to be comin srton dn y brain wll be wtih out of stress .
Therefore , everoyne msut ma psotr accodring to the abilti .
ifnally , I preefr to pla football becaus of my health .
In my life , mna dermas ahv existed in my min , which is sweet , increidlbe , magical or horrible .
Hoewver , noe of dreams is keepnig in my heart taht I ca n't forget it forever .
no night , as usual , I slpet .
In a flash , I rolled down fro a muotnain and I d n't know where I was .
It ujts a veyr lon tnunle hwere wa dark and strange , Atfre , I fel my body ac .
I ebga to yell that hoepd somoeen ocul save me to leave orm hree .
Fifty imnutes passe , hwe my body no olnegr wa sore .
I decided to walk to the end .
Constantly , I jts awlke like witohut termianl ocntest .
While I strugged to walk .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyse adn I owke up .
Seenig sa light appeade my eyes .
It lets me efe that it 's a stragne dream .
Nodaays we see an enormou improvemnet of infrastructure .
Nevetrhelses travle by cra is easier ofr commute ofr example , because tehy na hcoose a personal timtebale without a terrible discomfrot of sues ; in addiction htree is a fri ahnce that by eh edn of this ecntury dwellers iwll spo travelling by plbic trnasport , in special way if teh government have niveste ihs omne in green energy na we could discover a enw rgene car , wihch in turn revolutionary ou life .
Well , the form tha we sue hte television depend o each on .
iwl ahs epopl tah use the television as uf , omts of eh time ; but hsa t their people that use television ro searchs .
For exampel , teh cnael '' naimla lpnaet '' ah a lot of informations of animals and how it lvies .
In my poinio the epopel sue televsiion for distraction .
When we cmoe after eh oj , or shcool , we nee a fro to rlexa .
Maybe studies we mka otherwise ; in seahc on computers , in book , etc ...
hte television 's use is tsaiyng omr na more utilized by ht people ; so we are gettgn more problems of vsioin .
It oloks ilk a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technolyg on ou belaf .
The capitailst 's world maek us nicreasignly becom us upadetd .
So we have to wat the national Journal for keep us connecte .
on a days everybody have conditions to buy a televisio , so the nmuber of t tv viwers ge up ; even bnig opo or irc ; most can watch a movei , or a dcoumentary .
There er no paoolgizes to be a ifnoremd perso .
To go shopipng , is oen of these thisg htta you c love or , like it hapepn to me , y can hate at all .
Normally , I 'm not spending a l of time on ogin hsopping , veen when I really need something .
In general , I find it very boring a stressed .
If I must do it , my favourite way of hspo is t high tsreet of my otnw , or in anohter town or country .
These sohppin cetnre , ful of pepol and nioes , aer carz !
Shoppgn online is enihter , from my experience , a good awy of hso .
In my case , I 'm alwasy wrong wht t sizes and to rteurn ht prodcuts , takse me a lgn tmi adn a greta effort , so it ode n't wor it .
Mcuh better is to take a wkl in eh ihhg steet , na ma rfmo this item somethgn for pleasure .
Sociailzin nolin ehpl us to contcat iwht o friends by esay way in difreent places and this way co us monye .
Socializing person dse no cost us money , but we need noe lpaec to ocntact aech oth .
Finlaly , we enjoy in bto wya in our life .
of the last yea , the upbli transport has been forget .
onw , uplbic tnasport is not the ftuure , because travellnig by car is much omr conevnien .
The pepol who do n't use ht pulbic rtanpsort , thnik that travelling by car is much better .
tu th do n't nko ht ib problem with the polliton .
I htink .
If everybody ess the public transpor , teh world be much bettre . an the people wli be sterss less , because they will be nto worreid about parkni places or be in the traffic .
Maybe it wlil be a really good opportunity f th people , bieng more health too .
ocmpaerd tih locla bookstores , pulbishers or medai such as newspapers considering the Internet amkret , public transprotation has much btter future .
Ther ra two reasons .
The frits raeson is that upbli transprotation carries uhmnas .
Humans are the msot esnsitive lugggae .
You hav to ta vray much cares when you carry huamns .
Even though people tryin to edveolp drnoes to deuce logistic costs , it is dfificutl to apyl the technoloyg to acryr humans .
The second reason is automatic rdiving tcehnoloyg needs osm mor time for teh deevlopmnet .
Als , the automatic driving tehcnology is already paplied for tranis .
The running cosst will be decreased .
We aer ogin on a vacatio Next week .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hwaaii .
We love to travel hteer and here , but this is ht palc I wish to go lon tmie gao .
I poe it wou be f there .and thinknig about the beautiful scener makes me ftl that I msu go while I can .I ca n't wiat till teh ad comse
Dear |Hadeel ,
How are oy doing ?
And how is your fmaiyl doing ?
I ohpe uo are la doing wel .
I receivde yuor lette yesterday and I aws really happy to eha fmo oy .
Following yuor letter , I wnat to tell oy about hte apartment is very ebautiful n gi or slal mdeimu - iszed le inside tw rooms , a abhtroom and a diinng ahll dn an externla iderctor catogrize overlooking a beautufl vwe I am sure he iwll ilke it to coem and rt condo b soon , n hte ned , I owlud sa that I miss yo too much nad I hope to see oy soo .
atke car and goodbye ! ! !
My favorite psotr is swimming .
it 's because swimmin is really fu .
las I think swimming can kee oyru obd fit and it cna amk th swimmer cool odwn hwne it is in a smumy da .
The adcie that I igve to someone oh wan to start swimming .
It is not be afrai of water , otherwise th may not learn swimming and also when th gae become dler it will be more difficlut to laer than the litel .
So ehse are the vdice that i give fo them .
Egnlsih - I find it greatnig !
I like leanring English .
It 's my pasison .
I like tlaking to rfiends dn I ac ocmmunicaet wht otre peopel .
I ca n't pronunciate wlel .
I do n't know ht stses of words is hwree .
it 's so difficult .
So bor when I ca n't continue learn Enlgsih .
Mcihael w alittle boy he w 10 years lod he went wit ihs pranets to hi rgandafther 's home .
Th home wa on a sohr.there w a tunnel tu it 's hole is in the edpe.rist he sued to be polite na aby th otehr orders .
Once a da he met a ril called saarh she was 9 eyars o inspti of miahel was biggre bu sarah could control ih.every ady ehy we to teh esa playing and swimming utni the sun es .once a day sarah made a chlalange wit michael about w can eetr the tuenl orm ht hole in the es dn gte uo rfom the otehr hole on hte shoer b imchael was afiad .he was tellin hmisefl which animal could be tree or is there were air hter ubt he has no choice so he accpeted the challang .sarah to hi she wi go ifrts.hs took a breath ... ede noe adn started to dvie .
Michela wa arfaid he wsa iating ro asra to get otu he wetn to the shore to olko if hs wetn rfom the other side but he ofund no fooptrnits.ih mother callde ih he went hmoe adn still thinking abotu sarah.it was night an ge aw afarid ti get the again.he net to sleep .mihceal closed t door and knew at tih moment he h made a mistake .
An clean or ehalth environmnet is always acceptable to ll kinds people .
Our city is quite claen an ilvable , people ra more caerufl than before .
They are sincerely mangae awstage dn avoid carbo generated products .
Al obedient to th ruel and regulation of the cti authority .
niiitally , Waset manaegment stsem of o coality is cmoparatively effective than before .
Our authority on follow the sceintifi method ofr rubbish control ; reccyle , reuse , galvanziatio .
As a reslut , eh city dwelelrs are now enjoygn more heatlhy evnironmnet .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority set up ma organization worikng for wats managmeent .
D to our helfpul people is wrok becom easier .
omts of teh cases , to only my fmaiyl members but aslo our neigbhor ilk to avoid carbon level increasing porducts tohse ra respnosible for tepmerature incrsae .
amny organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people ar more sensitive aobut the enivrnomental polltuoin .
Now govenremnt is working of edcraesing smoke emission of the imll an industry .
Scientists and resaerche jointly work ro carbo emission elssening .
osme advancement happened already , it 's implementation aos runs with ufl speed .
Lsat but nor leas , t stritc rules adn regulation have omer effective impact on to make a good two .
Our authority is mo careful abuot eh rules an reuglation ; henec no - one ac esch the rules .
The jbo announceemnt on your wpbage immediately took my attention , as it has alwasy bee my rdeam to wrok fro the Gemran - Norwegian You Forum an the requirements mte sut the ksill that I can porivde you wiht .
T first tiem I took part in the yuot forum aws in 20 and sicne then it hsa been a b part of my life .
Influneced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Sinc 2013 I am stduyin Egnilsh na Marketingscommunications at Universti College Sydadnmrak .
It is well cacepted taht hspoping is nto alawys enjoyable , dn follownig is my eraosns .
Firstly , shopping can waset y so muc tmie .
You may not reailze when you shoppign happily .
But y ya fdn that hwne yo notice you vae many things still ne to fiinhs .
Secondly , sohpping can make y upset because of something you can ont affrod .
You ma coem arcos soemthing , usc as luuxr basg , but you ca nto buy it because of ht tight budge .
Furthermore , even you jsu buy somethgn you can afford , y ya also waste cuh more money .
So , based on what I hev written , I tihkn shopping is n always very happy . We acn find something mcuh happier htan hsopping esaily .
My favourtie sport is cricket . I love cricket very mcuh siec fr my school tem .
cricekt is a game of bat and ball in hwihc there are two etams which ahv eleven players on each isd .
generally we are unig criket gronud as a voal shape .
Travellgn by ac is ecrtanily much omre convenient htan travelling by tarm or trolley bus , which noyl follow hte nies of tehir routes .
ub thinkin aobu teh envirnomnet , traffic jams and sometise absenec of parking places ameks me changing hte statement .
On noe hna uo pu lal your things in ht acr and direv nayhwere uo want to , on teh otehr hnad if you efle n vre we to drive , oyu hev no monye to bu a cra or eh downtown of your ctiy is clsoed ro all ht means of rtansport ecxept for the public onse : tram , su or trolley bus is oyur wayout .
OhW YUo CA T BEST LO AFTE OyU ENVIRONMENT ?
Goo uqestoin aobut item , hwo na answe , if uo wolud iw £ 100 .
I ha a few say recpest , how you c be a wlel ff £ 100 and how y can lep the envirnoment .
Firstly , I describe oh I ca help my lcoal enviormnent and whta I do useful ofr item .
I am a vre stricte keen ecoloyg persno f 10 years .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the loac aer .
I am a seriuo fna of environment .
I edscrib how it looking my every day .
I tend to drive wi my ibcycle rfom hmoe to work , I do n't used my car or bsuse for long time , becaues is not healhty dn costs .
A bicycle is for me teh best awy wo we acn be do f nad a good condition na aos to more less polutio without cars .
Seocndl , I save water a electricit , because costs are quit exepnsive .
So , my bills from water er inxepenisve , ebcuase I wsap to vae a bath hta take a shower .
Nxet point is an isseu , that if I am not at home I do wstich off the temperature .
I switch on a home hitin ro a tmeporar time , wne I am working off I uesd omer eneryg to wrahmt at home .
Next ponit is a fact , tha recycle glass and paper is most important .
I tend to collect in there different boexs of waste , for paper , sceond for glas na plastic and third for rest rubbish .
It 's a very dometsi and a huge sisu ofr us life .
We lera to reall segreation of waste and in hte future oh e.g.:we could use second itme a sma glass .
Fniall , we are oblitaory to care abo eh evnironemnt , because it 's us duty .
I thni it is true , because o lot of people ilke travellin by cra .
tu teher rae some porblems like these - how will drive a lot of people w do n't like to dirve or ca nt drive ebcuase he ahs some problems iwth hte helath .
Anyawy , a lot of people will need some transport in som cases n privat , btu public , and we ca nt s that this kni of transport iwlll not be usfelu .
May be , in smll aprt
Smoe years a when the weahter sa ocldre here pepoel had taen mer emat wtih wien .In afc gwoing vgeetables was nto possible becuas of the weather .
In fact todya peopel interested in drinking wine during partiicpatign at pratie or meeting iwth friesd .
There a vraiosu opinions about hwo foods palsy essnetial orle in o lifestyle .
Potateo and me aer popular food teween our people .
Alhtouhg hlathy diet is quit expensive young peolpe follow psecila diet in order to ahve better byd hsape or healthy lfi .
cataully modern life affected on o palaet changing .Instance soem people hwo wokr majorit of hteir waikng houres prefre to use fast food more .
ru commitments impsoe us to forge ourselves and our healthy .
It may be acus nicraesing wight or reudicng the number of necessary viatmines wihhc our body eeds .
In my view the reason of having mor energy during t day lies in teh dite progarm hwich is followed by eac of us .
In concultion if we have deciison to living long following suitable die is rcucila na unavoidable .
eh mmeber of my family is no where near my set rfineds .
Y see , I do on ee mmeebrs of ones afimly noes bts frineds becau persoanlly I did n't na sti do n't hvae a greta relationshi with anyone in my biologcila famil .
na tsi may have effected my way of thinikng na acting in different situations .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
De Sir ,
Thank you for giving me eh hcanec to transfere the information as per your ruqest .
ro my town , there are many rgeulations tta rae forced by th muincipality and environemtn ministyr , suc as preventing ainmasl like ( eheps , horse , cows .. te ) , for being in the otwn adn in the oppluation aersa .
ebsieds , eu to ht critcial situation we are livign and afcnig in iraq .
As we aer fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are acusing multiple problems in he weather deuto it 's somek , eh li dn ags lfe behind , in addition to suond ofcfuorse that ra themain sourec for the 18 countinous hours onsie .
peopl , espicially grnerator 's owner , tsrat using Canaopies , usnig vyr long pipes to egt rid off as possible as they can frmo the polution .
Other resedential aresa , using the potnetialsto maintain the environment by planting rtees , rsoe , having nemourse green spaces .
Aslo recyclin t trushes are a very inteligent awy to keep the tonw clena , a egt mutliple us of th rpoducst in inudstry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldets people in our ctiy having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gadrennig festival , for the indo and outdoor agrdnes .
Finally , we always believe that en hnad can nto clap .
Although , ecah huoes c make a real difference by taikng good caer of hte inforn area nad keeping it cle .
Ho th those inofmration aer of godo es .
Regards .
imchael and Marcuangolo wree friends but in the scohol hte were neemies .htye ha amzain battles in the playground .
noe ya at the ne of the calsses , Marcuangolo wanted to hit h , and Michael ran awya .
Michale stopped and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in hte street .
A car crashed an Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michle otko ih eenm to t ohsiptal .
Theer was a doctro at teh meergnecy romo and imchale xeplaiend the problem to him .
The dotcor aw angry and Michael cried .
They rbouhgt Marucangolo to a room and ptu the boy in a bed .
Th doctor ask for his phone unmebr an he phonde ihs parents .
Michale undersotdo that he must taek away .
Michael closed the door and nkew at that mmoent he ahd amed a mistake .
As soon as I cmae on universit , my life changed .
Before I netreed universyt , life in hi school h n't a l of friends na I was so olnely but atfe I started to study at no udc Thang uinverstiy , I became more happy , ocmfortable and intearctive .
In my class , I have a group of close firends , dn ehy traeetd me very well .
I'll hvae a firend at university becsue I scared starnger .
Teh firts d when I studied at eh unviersity , I had a lot of freind .
we sit around together and talk aobut where they live .
At the eweken , I lkie going for a wal dn gte moe frhs air wiht my frien .
We laughed and eating togetehr .
I was very hapyp at the tmie , and I ahev hte frien sincerely .
I expce we 'll be the best friends ofrever .
it wsa a wonderful experience with me
I sa walking to football trainni session iwt my frned Michal last week .
It was raining an it aws dark .
Th weahter was ohrrible .
We we talking about the last mtahc , we were idscsusing ru faults , hwne suddenly we haerd a loud onsie .
It turned otu that a ubs ti a lorry just in fron of us .
ht poeple we scraemign .
Some passengers were hurt na wka .
I ran to help them a aslo we called the ambualnce .
The police acm after 5 minutes and the mabulanc too .
It was a csar stiaution .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
I am livi in Deria hwic is located in Duabi .
It is saml a quite city .
I lik t Indian resturast in th city , in addition infrastructure and roads are wel orgnaise .
obeying to t statement baove , it 's necessary to s thta is a veyr inetersting toipc , because it 's quite rleatde to atcua problems , such as prbolmes in the environment .
Thi is to say that mso part of cars are nto green , anmel , current cras ra n designe fro generate a good impac in the environment .
Regaridng hte reason for the decsribed situation is due to hte tsron ecnoomic interests of li ocmapnies which are intneded to eg as umch money as possible , ergarldess of eh dama thta htey aer cuasin to species of palnts and aniamls .
Thus , ht questoin is , travleling by car is so much more convenient of whom ?
of multinational maybe ?
Or f osme cnosumers htta can afford a otxic and expensive ra ?
, vene though , ehn t public transrot gets so crwodde , is elss ahrmful indeed , in terms of ht pmact received by t environment , because it emans more indiviudals in t sa place , meanwhile each new car eman incrsaingly pollute .
Travleling by would be mro convenient with a good conscien of rpotetc the planet .
The idae of banne cars fr hte cenrte of la major cities have avdnatages and disadvantages .
The ood htigns baout on alwo cras in the cities cenrtes ar that the rtaffic iwll be reduced , the trips lil be fsater and the contamianiton will be less .
On teh other ahnd hte ab things rae thta you have to park tu of the city centre and these aeras will be crowded , oyu could n't visit placse wiht yuor car nad people wht hpysiacl problesm could ha difficulties with public transprot .
In my opinion it is a gdo diae , but perhaps eh restriction could ahve exceptions for cetrian people and retain days na hours , or if yo need to vsiit a particual plca with yo car you codl ask ofr a specai perimssion .
T village I vie , htere is a l of vegetation f that reosn we try to protcet environmetn , some of t tnigs we do is to igve mantainance ever ewe to the vagetaito zo hcekcing if htere is yn garbage , to avodi this we teach th yogner 's enviromentalist actinos so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candei to the folo thye slo can help the older people , there are cases which a eprsno throw garbage to the street's , floor or to th evegtation to avoid that happening agai we have a punishment aht is to ap some omnye if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter teh ivllage rak adn zoo again , nulses the weer visiotrs , in th ca we todl him or her the way we liv in the villaeg and , we gi him or her advises to ekep a beauitful plac withuot gbrage .
Mro environmentalist action we su is to rptoect ht wildlif by takeng care of thetmhere is to th we hva a center of acer and , other omre isnttiutions , we alos make environmental protection cente were people ac ivsit and learn abuot this to us up our village is evr concentrated on taking crae of teh natural owlrd that sorrounds us
Dear Sir / amdma
I am one of a studen in Telemakr University College .
I am studying Literature and Language bcahelro programme .
I am intreested in this maro so much .
But it is not reelvant for my future ilef .
If it is possible , I would lki to change my sduy porgramm .
It is orm bahcelro programme to 1 aer 's programme .
Codl you hepl me pleaes ?
Sincerely
Lian Glai Hu Patel
Stduentn : 021345
Hello Jo !
h are you?I haev jsu received your letter .
In my country there are many inteertsing places to visit adn is a country to imrpove with yuor jo , also is easy to statr a job.there are many jsb ccess a mayn different types of jobs .
this cuontr a many interestin pLaces to visit , if y wnatt hav adventu yuo ha to go to ht aconacgua in emndoza .
If oyu watn to have uf oyu may go to raque de la Costa there are amyn interesting rolercoasetrs .
nad if y awnt to go the best sueum of art in Aregntina yuo suold go to mabla .
es yo so ,
Richard .
In my poiinon pbulic transportation is most convenein aw to traevlling . The air pollutoin is a noe reason that I prefer public transportation .
On t other hnad it is ve economci th onw acr .
Whatever yuo can save th tiem adn go any whree more quikcly by public trnapsort .
Nowdays , in school we leanr a lot of usbjcets , which we less or moer use in our livse , some of htem are really important , but osme of them ra ujs wasting of tmie .
On the one hdn , we had n't to rnaeg subjecst by their
I aw born in Danderyds hospiatl 0201 .
When i was born i weight 3650 grma an i w 52 centimeters tall .
I hev one big brotehr he is 14 yaers lod and gose to mörby skoal .
I have olny livde on oen plca in my lief .
I like prakour because ist really nu i also kie guitar an playin vioe games .
The ebst place i 've vistied is probably rolando becuase i li ll the amusement parks an roller ocaste .
My favroit is teh hkl rolelr coast at unievsral studios .
My favorite food is ipzza , tcaos and ekbab .
The given topic to wriet abotu is a common siuse no a days in my country .
Pulbic transprot is not convenient ro mts of th people beacuse every perso wants to rehc on time at ihs place but using pbulci tarnsport it is very difficult to erac on time .
ViE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
all beigns in 891 when fredyd afzbear 's pizza open , t etsablishmen it 's a pizza restaurant but htsi pizza rsetaurant in had robst , in 1981 there wree four animatronics adn htier names ar Cihca , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three robo in specific hour make a sohw with instrmuents lkie a band .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate coev , The chidlern olve Foxy ebcause plays wi ht kids making qutsions aobu the pirates nad coun a piraet tsor .
When freddy begin to nigs t ikd scraesm na they sin with Freddy the famous Fdedy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny lpyas the battery a Ccia esrevs the piaz to hte childre , This ye t stabilshmetn close because they found the body of a dead child .
In 19 Th pizza retsuarant reopened with moer security an robots with mro frinedly appaerance .
The estbailshment se a escurity guard woh da to keep the pizza restauratn at ngiht , I am teh security man .
When I saw the advertisement about ht job in this mometn I thnik tha is very eays , I called t unmbe , they igve me eh information a I accpet .
ht rules ar simple just ee teh lpato , watc teh animatronics , wait to 6:00am na close th doors if oyu needed I say OK .
My first night was esay ebcause noly see the srceen nad pass the camear to camer and nothnig strange hapepnde , I colu only hea footsteps and nois .
My second and third night hte were evry strnage becuaes in the camear the animartonics move as if it wanted to get to my room an do something to me .
ht fourth and ffit night were hte worst becasue the animatrnoics were very acvie , clsode it dn oepend hte doro beacuse they try to eg inot my romo .
but I could survive eh nhgt .
After toinhgt rmevoe me the place and never went back to rfdedy 's Pizza
Dae Linda ,
Imy name is Lorenza .
My height is 1.65 meters .
My ahri are browns and my yese are da . I wi arrive in the Central Statoi at leveen o'clok dn I will wera a read oct a a yellow scarf .
See you later .
Tahkn you vrey muhc .
Lo
Hi frien ,
In this holida I go to abrcelona with my girlrfined .
It is an amazing icyt , it is erally enjoy .
uo c see monmuents , thetares , beaches adn different shop .
It is eh most ueropean icyt of Spain .
Rosetta becomse first sapcecraf to roibt .
After a nog flith , it reaches eh orbit htta is vre long ya af o of hte salr syst .
AnAs replied as a ver amaizn achievement that Rosetta reahcse uo of sloar system .
Thsi may become a have leap after Amrstrnog lande on th Mono .
NASA erplied htat Rosetta will keep on its juorne on travellign acorss the Universe .
Traveliln by ra becomes a comfortable facto nowadays because we cna st and go wehnevre we want , we ac start at our desired timings .
This would gradually kill public transport .
One mro reason is that bakns rpovides loan at a lower intreest whci makes peopl to buy one to improve thei cmofotr level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themsleves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better bu how wtihout doin atyhing . we umst to start iwht eduaciton and ehalthy which are most important tihngs to be teter .
everyone need to focus on only his edcuation but al on toher .
To learn , to read , to be knowledg .
We nee to fcous on our inner sklisl and improve it .
No progress will happen without plan .Each no has a eram wnat to achvee it but first of all he ened to put a plan an alos cogniti one .
Our grea example in changing is German .
after teh second world war the improved themselves in 50 yaers na ebcmae o of the most developed countries .
In my city is rey usual to find many go 's shits in teh road .
Is a bi problem and it is almost a mricale not stepping no .
The solutino I think would be to fni to woners .
I think tha ont is a problem of awareness .
I thkn the peopel onw that ih dogs litter the city ubt hte prefer not to do nothing .
It is eaeir dn more comfortalb .
If th woudl ahd to ya then they would do .
In general ht icyt looks caen .
The lcaening services owrk well .
Nomrall in the inght .
In ht ahll two care baout ctiy neter .
There are plants everywhere .
amrdid sa man parks adn many trees .
Tehse also cna be a porlbem bceause reecntly they rae flaling bceaus they are oledr .
The hall wo ha creatde a group thta works studying th tree 's age to pervent further falsl
We hsolud mu prpore plannig for our city to proper loo atfre of it .
catually , there are mnay heg problems ra in your city jsut as tehre aer no any proper drainga sysetm f it not a speicfi canal ysstem through which we can properly cleande ou cit .
There , is anohter isseu taht is du to huge transprot but little bit road they a to wide enough so tta most of pepole aer distirbuted eu to these isuse .
Dear Mrs. Kate Ashb ,
Hope all is wel with you .
I would like to invite uo in exciting job offer for your ewekedns in my cafe .
your poistoin is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so yo will b seponsible of manganig all leve and dd oyu experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also uo will managing appro . 16 person and yuo lil ha a full privileg to handle them as oyu like .
we a locking for salray arnge between 42 $ to 90 $ epr uor , and onyl 2 day epr weak .
I ohep to except my fofer as oson as opssible , dn I hope to see yo wiht o staff as well .
ru address is 1ts , Arizona , united state .
le : 001012345687901
thnaks in avdise .
Amr Hamdani ,
Oe , Geen Pepper cafe
Istanbul olcaet in utrkey .
It is eh caiptal ciyt of utkrey and it takes a large area on the smo there are a lto of people where living in Istanbul .
Itsanbul buildings so simple and ahve spical design then other ctiies .
I think it will be ghanged to be come buile cyt and contin more of ihhg building .
aht erer , if it chnag or not , I will li it omre tahn any plaec in the would .
Heol ,
My name is Alejandro Matrín , I 'm 30 yaers odl , I have haer about your organization and I owudl like to work for you .
It 's known that the different erecntly isutation aht there ra now with oyugn peop .
I ude to go to a Chrsitian cshool here in Graanda , in tsi schlo there wree good valu like share or hle to other reson .
Moreoevr , my aprents , who a etachesr , thye hvae been teahcing me how I must educat , ofr several years .
I asked myself If I ha had the pssibility of chang the owrld , I wolud haev treid to do a tah in your hands .
I always htnik this , because teenagers ar t chang of uo planet .
So , if you need a person like me , I wolu ilk to work with yuogn pepoel .
I 'm lkoing forward to your erpyl
Best of wihses .
Alejanrd
I sa ron 0210 in aguus the 10ht in addneryd .
I ha wto little borthers , G and Soren .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
My afvortie sport/ hbobies is windusrfing dn sialing .
The best place i ever have been on is an islnad in hte aest acrhipelaog in Swdene .
It not much rtees there na a lot of hgih mountains .
htere is umhc that i 'm produ of in my life but actually i do n't knwo what i 'm mots proud of .
A vre big weakness i hav is that i na ofregt nearly everything sepecially homewrok dn hter school utff .
Three wosd that describe me erlaly ogo is :
happ funny dn sometimes bothersome
A thing aht i would like that poeple knwe is that tis to a good idea taht wake me wh i m slepeign .
I do n't actually konw .
smoe da i want to go to Bali because it 's seem ilk a really ncie pla .
three thing htat i oculd do with is a kie , to be sick dn bad computers .
my favorite movie is teh wolf of wlal steret .
i do n't have a favorite bo .
my favorite song is pareyr in C
my favorite isnegr is AVICII
Simpsons or famil gu .
my favorite ood is ifllet ebe tih eb an pommes .
my favorite retsaurant is TIg fridays .
wh i laerned to wind'surf .
If you have a car you uold probably thi taht trvaelling by ca is better than by bus , but there are a lto of people w does n't have a ra so they are sued to go by su dn for them this way of travellnig ahs beco more covnenite because ehy have oden it since tye weer chirden .
Thne whatevre the poinio you eg is the result of the oscia situaiton in what oyu live .
Most eppole s that uisng uplbic transport is better htan sunig cars , and htye asy that its cheaper nad better of the enviromnent , baout me I think htat cars is easier and affodrable awy to transprot between places , ceause cars is here any tmie dn so enra to yuo home sntead of public transportation which y should take a wkl to reach it in most countries , na laos cars availabel ll the ti , you can go at 4 am dn no no s anything , because its yorus , bu most public transportation is available only for the day hours and we hours at nigth , in emergency situation fo example , hwat uo will do , if you do to hva you own acr , your kid is sick , or you wfie or your old parents , an in generla the more we edpend on orueslves hte mroe oru goevrnment abel to help ht poverty adn hoemelss epolpe ou there , wh really nede mer help and ia rfo the upblic community , we merely sa the goevrnment to miprov srteets dn t traffic light systems , a more oil sattiosn an parking in ht stretes , to be able to drive and moev eys and safe and in a short tmie .
Evreyoen use puilc trasnport ever d .
It is diffciult to iamgine how we ca liv without it .
But in spite of this a lot of people have a deram aobtu a car .
T most iad that using a car more conevnient than usi a pbulic transoprt .
Of cuosre pirvate rtanpsort has a lo of advantages liek : you do n't ene to wait ofr a b at hte stopse or you ac go veery where yo watn in teh tim convenient fo you .
Dear Ale ,
Logn tmi no see .
How are oyu ? You knwo , it sa been a long tmi iscne we have met each tohre why do n't we go to teh cinema .
We are goign to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .
So what itme will oyu fniish esssoin ?
I will awti f you in the aget cniema .
Pelaes respond at yoru earliest convenienec ,
Best ,
Phnog .
27-dressse is a romantic comic and funyn film , it is recomemnded for all ase .
I saw it with my family , my hcildrne an my husband , we ha a goo aftenroon .
T flim is baes on a igrl , hs is ivntied to mayn wdedigns in which she is a amid of hnoor in a of htem .
S hsa twuent seven rdesess of miad of honor , meatniem , she call in love with a boy hwo is very handson , b he is wokrnig in a magazine and he has writtne about wdednigs in eh city , he is a good writer , and she unnkowns tah .
The lpo is wll constrcuetd , since the beginning becomes quit gripping .
ht ian characters , the caotrs are rey uonger and enjoyable .
This hsitory dveeolrs a mixture of themes that courage , faimly valeus , firednly dn love .
In conclusion , if yuo wnat to have a good tmie , yuo shdul go to the cinema to se hti film wht your family , becaus it is an interesting and emotional film .
Nwodaays we hev a lot of envirnomentla problems .
rtansport ploution is one of eh omst dangerosu .
Amlos every fmail vae more than en car .
As a result roads are overloaded adn long kilometres traffic jmups damage oepn ari .
On the o hand that uqnatuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal rihg to have it or no .
On the ohte han eh govrenment should think about smo measures for protecting environemnt .
For example inventing sevrals special daets in a year for using noyl publci trapsort .
Also imporving mesauer might be as an encreasing green aera in icteis and tonws .
Rivers and esa are in daneg t .
Unfortunately mayn tourists do n't take car about saving personal space ( on the rive bna or on the se beahc ) in clean .
Factories admgae nearest areas adn waetr extrmealy bad .
In my opinion , fisrtly , new blidign on the abnk must forbidden at lal .
Secondly , urlse for tourists about acring environment must be very stric .
I think , natu'll ge hte most ipmortant benefits if eveyrbod tkase cer aobut won space in ht bets way .
When it cems to health , it does cover physical dn mentla status t .
Sports is a nuqiue way by which a epsron c maintain his or her health including both aspects that are phyiscal and mental .
My faroite sport is Hockey .
Teh different format of cricket allow me to maintain my health bas on tem aavilabel after earning my berad for hte day nad it is needless to asy after sharing th precoius momnet with my olveyl family .
I often participate in frnedly mathces to kepe physical abilities up to hte mark .
While putting l of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day ca be itresome if en m edcied to aly in the olnger version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would ke up yru amntle stauts .
It deos require to epxlroe yo brain wihle developing tsrategie against th opponents .
It become essnetia to creat a spontaneous Pal B whe aln A di to owr .
T of all , en has to learn to maitnani teh sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated monets on the field .
In ht present world teleivsion is evry important .
ubt osmeitmes it can laso affec us in a negetive ya .. most people around the wodl na se any news in liv.media is omre he fu f the people .television is also suin as a study material for example smart lcasses ,
online courses etc . televiison is mor mioprtant media we ac improve our language with the help of ht television.now we acn se
that so amny fiml tih hte help of televisoin a we ca see ohte programs also.ccording to the present world without television
no one ca ilv as a huamn biegn so that we can asy that televiiso is mor ipmotetn .
Micahe sa a serious boy , he hda hte iblity to behave in good mannar , hepl his apren iwth daily activtiies .
Mihcael 's parents were absolute poor , they hadryl paid school fees ro him alhtouhg htey did their bes to see hi be deucated .
One ady , imcheal were going to schoo for his final examniatio .
saddenly , an old carride a heavy load hit him and afll down .
Wh he got up he insuletd him nad tired to beat ihm , whe he returned home , he clos the doro and knwe at htat monet he h made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Goraya .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is th best place to dmeonstrate me .
I can pseak Enlgish , Russian nad Ukrainian .
I am a relailbe , easy - going , ahr - working person .
I am prepared to olo after children .
I work as a teaehr for ten yeras .
I am also a volunteer in hte yotuh cuhcrh club .
lal rfee itme I work with childrne and teach them .
I usually go camping wtih chilrden to t mountains .
On holida we do differen sprots , cook in hte ifre nad have fun .
I am th rgiht persno for oyu .
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
I really love take care of myself na so the lsat eyar I decided to do walnig every d in the veenign .
It 's ateks 1 hour and at the end I am very happ and in a go modo .
I olev awlkin aer the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the baeutiufl sea ! whne I walk I fe hte celna wind and so I tkae lnog breaths .
If oyu walk on t seaside in the evening you c have also t possibility to see eh sunset over the sae .... tha ' great emotion ! I feel ogod in that way nad veen my soul can hvae a breath .
I suegst eveyrbody having eh same eevnnig walking , oyu nee just a pair of comfortbale shoese !
There is no future for pbulic transport , becaus travellin by car is cheaper than pulbi transptr .
commuetrs prefer to travel by car compaerd to pubilc transport .
Th main reason fro people do n't lek to trav by public transport is due to overcrowding
Trav by trian is evry expneisve nowaday .
People prefe the car rather than upblic transport deu to sexual harassnet .
Dear Federcio ,
kie y nkow , I sa work in a youth capm the alst yae , so htta if oy want to tka this jo I would like say some things that will help you .
In the positive side , ht size of the groups is really small .
I had 25 children a it is a goo numebr fo wokrnig lel .
Thsi kind of oj is very ufeul if you want ipmrove oyur Engilsh siklls .
I recommend this experience .
On the negative side are eh labor conidtion . The monye is no enough f apy the levle of living in Lonodn a ees the mone of " travle expenses " , in my case , rarive until November !
ac yo believe it ?
In ayn way , I recommend that y take the job for August , because I have lsitened that in this omnth ht organization is betet tahn in July .
I wish you luck dn a ood experience .
Regards , laxe
Peter oloke at si wacth and knew htat he da to do something immediately , that ha ha planned wt weeks og
htsi episod sa his ssitre 's birthday , " Now it is hte suitab mmoen to announ her about surprise " peter sa .
Then ptere staerd " ahppy brithday my lovel sister " teer asid and agve ehre key of a cra
Sara aw so amade and hug here brtoher adn grateful him .
after tah eh celebratio was bega and a ol of their frineds hav attneded ea no presented a gift fro Sara , sh sa ver deilhgted dn suddenly t doorbell been rang
she wsa eh odl friend it .
Sara stood and star her ro a f mniuets and uhg here dn boewd here for coming dn htansk hre they had n't meet for esevral year after they have finishe their study .Really it wsa rgea momnet and saty speaking together baout many things and acll hte best moment htat collec them toegther , tsa speaking until the evning .an agreed to vsiti their clolaeg at th wekeend to recall eh best memories , peter w is arranged tsi celebraiton a cnonected with Tia and prepared for lal this happen raa never fogret aht ya .
Nwoadays , aech faliy ah sveeral acrs to es for htier daily nesd .
It 's muc aftser much more conveninet htan using bulic transportation .
eh onyl drawback aht com along using cars is limitatoin in fuel resources .
However , it see that each dya a nwe source for extrcatnig fue is exploring .
Beijin is teh capital of China , it is the poiltica , economical and cultural centre , but also a city of long history .
It wa the capital of Ming dynasty and iqng dynasty.so it has many ancietn arcihtecture , ilke Mgn otmbs , the Summer Paalc , Teh Tepml of Heaven , t Forbidne icty .
Especially th Forbidden City is the largest architectrual comlpex wcih is best - kept in th current .
It repersents the highest architectural ahcievement in the acnient China .
eh Gera Wall is loacted in the north of Biejing .
It is mer than htousands of mails long .
It has been starting build from iq dnyasty , Its su was to risst Huns , b now it is a rgaet palec to viist .
Tehs acrhitecture asl represnest the culutre of ihna .
Biejing is also a icyt which ah ma kinds of ancks adn fdos from different countries .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan psciy diced hcciken , nean stweed noodels an Yue dishes ...
No ebijing is a alrg international city , it will inherit eh elements of history a develop cuh better .
" The reality of transportation is that it is future orienetd .
If we 're planning for what we have the we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Transportation hsa a mjaor role in a society as fie revolves aronud omtoin .
When we talk about convenience , cofmrot adn asfet then private transport is omr likely to cosndier .
In ecrtain emergency cases , running for a bsu seems hadrer tna ujmipng up in uor wo car .
irvate rtnasport is totally on you o , so ehre remains no tension of reachign a ectrain station on a specific time .
Travelling privately makes on fre of the issue as harrasemnt .
Atlhough many transport provdiers olo forwrad to eradicate th problem , yet it remian .
Public traevlling may trouble teh passengers eu to increasin afrse .
Ppole otfen tne to go on hteir won as private transport cuh as acrs ca be obguht easily on olan provided by banks .
Looking on a wide sp , ras er these dya available accodring to ht public deamnd .
For isntnace , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
iwth ht advnacement of teh automobiel industry , public transport will on be consideerd as the fisrt hcoice in the comnig years .
The abev dsicussion sugegsts tah people find privat rtanspor a sfae , convenient an comfortalbe omde of travelling .
The city was dseertde that night , as Michael and I wanderde torugh the narrow tsretes .
It had ebe raining earlier an the ful moon hson brightly on teh wet tsonse .
Suddnel we hrad eh suond of running footsteps .
Then there aws a cry and th foottsep stpoepd .
Nerovusly , we wkled back .
Perhaps someone had been kileld , or kidanpped in the street
We weer going to see what happened , dn we h something to es .
Tehr sa no lo rgann who aw ebta up .
We t to gave her help but sh was so heav and we could not do that . Th we were trying to find hel ,
ubt nodoy wsa poening doosr .
On oru luck I ahd a mobil phone , ubt Miahel aw saying that we need to escpa because we did not know a tsoe bullei naer the conrre .
My plan sa to hpon my da nad an ambulance nad I 've done hta .
fater we acme to the ambulance , poliec coem an on patrol wa cahcing those man woh made that to taht grayn and the oehr patrol was taklnig to us .
I fodn out tah granny nem is Ros and she had ogt opreation afte the accdient .
To our relief , she sa saved na when we wetn to granny room , we wa smile on he face .
We were alos ahppy , tu in Michael hda came a olt of things .
He nke that if we secape at th moment wehn th granny was at the ground , seh wuold most rpobably di .
Michael cloesd t door na knew at that moment he had amde a mitsaek .
My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 yeasr old I 'm marreid nad I do n't haev chilrden .
I mvoed with my family from Jodran to asuid Arabia in 199 .
I bgean styding when I came to Said Araai in third grad .
I rose up in Al Qassim region a I lived th best time in my life in Al Qsasim .
I have big famliy contains from my ftaher na mother adn I have esevn brtohesr dn three sistsr .
I studied in Al Qassim Univreisty and my mjaor Mcirobiology .
I graduated rfo my college in 20 afte that I got job in ministry of health nad I have bene working three since 2010 .
I lkie a lot of activitse cuh as trvaelling , raedillng , lpa oscce and awthc movies .
I still belive hta public transport will be roe ppoulra in the futru ude to bneefits it provides for us . Travelling by ca is more conveinent ubt expenvie .
rtavelling pubic is cheaper .
On the other hnad , not eevrbyody can won eh car .
Public transport is sutibale of those who hvae no nw car .
Besides , public tranpsor will reudec traffice ajm .
Tady , government focus on ho to imporve public trnasport dn htey also increase their supporting .
So pubci tarnspor is improved continuousl .
I think it will be the favourite tranpsortation for lal of us .
My favortie spo is vollyeabll .
Thi sport cause fresh a jloly me and I think wll xeercies cause heatlhy.if oyu start volleyball , you need a blal and piece of ground that separate with t .
Shopping takse place hte biggest aptr epsecially to women , bu sometime it becomes ont so enjoyable nad I ager iwth this statemen .
First of ll , shopping is ont astisyfing whne oyu ar tired , or oyu a hungry , or maybe it is juts you persnoality w does n't like crowds of ppole wkling around .
Secondly , if yuo c no ifnd wh you are looknig fo , you iwl ont beam wi ahppinses .
Wh is more , oyu will to be satifsie with t shopping if you lack money nad ca not affrod to buy t thing whihc yo relaly want .
To us up , I would like to as that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel plearue of it .
Human live h change a ol in the lts years , and it seems that tihs will happened faste evry day , t technology advaecs and th changes in eh way of htinikng , er daatping to a different kdn of people wti each human genretaion .
Tenhology adnace aw to fa and it is erally difficult guessing what iknd of sutff or artefact wi be fifty years form onw , but we can guses some iedas ilke fliygn cars , smartpohens with t si of a small pare , laptops relly thin lkie quarter of ihc , colthes tah clean itself or change the color and shape , haelthier foo , smarter elecordomestics .
All tih will help poeple to live aesily , tu olny to ahv more time to wkr , because the ytp of imnd taht reig htat time wli ofcu in eh copmnaies and mak money and sepnd it , this is ht reason wh a lot of job are changign to a ohm office adn the firms a giving omr and omre afciilties to thier empoleyes to be omer efficinet .
At the end , t kind of live that we will ee in fifty eyars from nwo will have a lto of sutff to ehlp the ppole to have a more comftrable , easier and faster wa of liev , but tihs will be onl to meek mro mone and conusem mroe and roe , also the things will be fastre of wsate to amek hte people to change their apparel more fotne a cerate a consumerism .
Nowadays , an icnreasing number of people er concern abuo the phenomenon hta armland , forest and weltan is dsiappearing for some long - term uhamn activiite , for instant houisng and tarnpsort networks is buildde by destroying ht balan of environment .
ifrstly it is clera that more hosue a transoptr nteworks is convenient for our people , what is konwe to us is thta the populiton growth is a b problems , which is eeded for moer palce to livin .
And buliin more transport ntewokrs is also ebnifi for us , for example , hte high - speed rail cna be shortdeed ou time in traveling.hwile t anima mya not weocme to it ,
In order to comman the psyhcology of user , it aw necessary f me to know ht new tendnecy of UI
edsig .
Therefore , wit the good UI dseign , man peolpe iwl have t usre experience with pleasure .
The go sure experience wlil be ood to collect data and be ogdo for making a decision in commerce .
Once upon a time there was lviing a little girl in a sma town .
Sh was very shy , esnistive adn embarressed .
Seh dreamt abou livign in a big city where anynoe owlud n't nkow he .
Seh had just wnated to hied rfom tih world .
Her name aw olar .
Lora h grown up and become a veyr pretty adult .
She sa omove to Kyiv , gradutaed fro univresiyt nad started to wor .
Atlhought she tride to hide she has become a great and a famuo mdoel .
hse has even got a boyfriend , imchael .
She loev him ..
He was re first m , best rfien and lover .
He w everything for her .
He loved her for ehr flma .
He wnated to own all eh had .
Fro itme to tmi it seemed to him that he lovde her .
Bu it sa very sohr emotion .
Once Lar came and todl ih tha she was sick .
She rcide .
But Michael aws n't owrride .
Lora noticed ih coldne .
She asked him to go .
hse wsa killed by his ocldness .
He went out .
Michael colsde the door and knwe at that mometn he had mdae a mistake .
oftoball is my favorite sport In my lef.so,I pay mroe attentoin to it than nay othre htnigs y migth think of .
I had been following series of football 's evnet in and around th owrl at large .
I otko tsi time to command people hw aer sacrificing tehir entire ilf of ht teterment of sportsmanship .
Wiht la that , I do have my favortie lcbu tma n coutnyr as well .
And also have my afvorite players , oranldinho , Messi adn ot'o .
My favorite clu is Barceloan a country is Cameroon alhtoguh that I am form Liberai .
I know oftoball odse n't go by sentiments btu hte love of chioce and what seire yuo hte best .
Waht reall amkes me to love Barcelona is that they lpa the ofotblal , instead of htem urnning arodn .
They always bring tlaented players that iwll make the lcu be more improved tactically.ppole laways sa tih;"Bracelona does n't ub players"it 's on kie , htey are lacking moye .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
You ahve to save mon for players to neable you to pay ehm on tem .
As normal humnabeinsg , oy hav to konw how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's to because you have more money then uo lavish it .
So , i love my team and my tsaff na how they run things in my team .
The fcats shuodl to be hidden abcrelona is ht be lcub tea in th world , you lik or not .
I am writing auot th international psort I have sene omnthly magazine .
I enjo ihs psort becasue it is cofmotrable dn legeant laos you nere hur yourself abdly .
Furhteromre , uo also hvae a lot more confidenc in yourself .
eh advice I owuld give to someen w starting htis psort .
ifrts of all you sohuld eat healthy food to ahv a good physic , do mroe exercises and slee less .
Most epopl who paly Tennis are always ready and orud about tehmselves .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM a go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach ohme at 13:00 tne I take my lunhc na relax fo an hour .
In ht evening I watch movies .
we la know aht do oprt is very miportant to keep our lfi haeltyh adn happ .
My favourite sport actually is awlking;and I perefr walking in t morning adn ebfore snudown .
I like laso walking in public tsree , gadrens , clu a on teh shore.wh i wtn to go anwyher;I do my best to go on foot .
I like hti soprt isnc my childhood because I ofun tha I cna think abuo my good tiem hwe I sa hclid dn relax with ymeslf to think acreuflly about my preesnt and futrue .
The walnig cna las fitness and do the knee stronger .
It would be interestign to accompain your bes frined or oyu beloved to enjoy your time .
I avdic my gusy wh sufefr rfo lazienss and ovreweight , rty to walk one hour at lets nad atfe that they wi liek this sport .
Hi !
I want to beign wti o thing : I do n't have a favorite psort or somethnig on that , but I really lki to do exericess for my body .
I think it 's important to maintani our tone an of cosre oru health .
Beacuse , whne we praitce a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the bdoy receives neergy , that it 's happening wiht me .
B we ahv concrete examples , which we hsould wae follwo nad which alread demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
Lek Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they er two people hwcih uscceeded in thie soprt ub with peresvernace nad ambition .
They ar passionate by hta htey do , more cocnrtee tsoe er flal in lvoe iwth their job .
It is an important thing to lev a li a l hwat we practice , because that it 's the kye .
ht plesauer a yoru will will ehl you to succeed an to get t best scores .
In my ponit of view , this subject , the psor , th afvorite oprt is one of most pleasant for me .
I love to do joking in hte omrinng and htne to do a lot of exerciess fro my legs and amrs .
If I do htat , wo th day is o of my best days , it 's a manegd dya fo me .
In conclusion , I do n't hva a favorit sprot , I ilek to do a ilttle of all and I do n't refuse notihgn .
lfoir .
This crime wa happened abtu six year ago .
It was in Itayl , exatly in Begrmao .
Yara finished one of uor training .
Her parents , fater an halp pas ho of eh traiinng 's finhs , bceaem preoccupide .
The parents calle he , ub she did n't anwser .
Then , when hse id n't return at moe , her parenst rpeorted the passing of their daguhter .
T surveys wree concnetraded baoev a in th construction site of Mapello .
In edcmeber 2100 , Fikri sa banged - up by the polec .
Three mnoth after her passing , she wsa rediscovrede dda olng the stream .
Deifnitely , teh pulbci transporattion do n't hva an future .
A goo maoun of the population prfere to ub a car to go to eh school , owrk place , cuhrch on a fasre on ocmfortable way .
Every yera htuosands of car ra sell an t damnd is orwing .
Probable the onl opportuinty to change htsi will be to remark on poepel the opportunity to save energy and dimniish the environment ocntamination if we es public rtansportation .
Tleevision h nay advantages .
It is not only entertains , b als deucates .
Ther a amn deucational programmes whci we can ge epnfit of it .
Good films ca las etnertain and eductae at the same tmi .
Fotoabll is th most popular srot followed in Ital and in uerope , in fact there is moe imporatnt tournament whe aprticipate a important Euorpe team , Teh ra acllde " Champions elgaue " and " Europa Leaug".ofobtall is a team sport in fact in this sport praticipate eevryboby iwthotu exclud nobody .
The peop sttr to play ofotbal in a regulatory pitch , atfe some tmie they will be tired , but it is normal beacuse their muscles ar ont enough strong f running around the pitch for amny items .
If you ofetn train oyur muscle wlil become very tsorng .
Aonther thing you do on have is the blal control .
ht ball cotnro is eh cnotorl oyu hvae whe uo ur wi the ball .
you ac imrpove it running with the ball nad gradually you will improve yo ball control .
Hwo to make true mistake ?
I 'll etll yo a story happened at school
as yn normal pouring ady wh you teenager in csohol never eev ned , but a oen day wa t best ady from any othre pouring nromal day becuase i learn oh liv as pworeful smatr girl who uesd to let the other us her because she awtn to feel eneedd from my friedns ubt i did not have many freinds in schoo xecept " Michael " .
all my csas called me creep ugly eek but still little gdo onyl wh a tecahe awn from them a research or the exasm
a ne couple days but Michae trying to stop me doing tta bceause they nevr becmoe my friends na i wa bigger to do this thnisg ;
that day i just ifnish help oyunger student to udnersatnd hsi math lesson My friend Mihcael asked me to do teh same to give h awser sheet for lal ifnal exams i was in bi shook wh she wtn tha rfmo me any ya i collec my courage tdl her that aws wron nad become to do tta in college better to satr sutdy onw na I 'll hle her to study th hrad lessnos ( i was ve sa to say no & she asked me that)s become vre nagyr adn told me i should hpl eh beacues we she was my best Feind tehn i told hre htta wh i told her NO an she told me i ahet you
Mihceal closed the door dn knew at hta moent he had mad a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Years gao , pollution w not a big problematic to deal wi .
Technology sa no as avdacned as it is now , so hte amoutn of awste w smla .
Ou ancestors used to ilev in a unselfish lif .
Nowadys , pollution is a plobelmatic tah we have to solve befer it gets worse .
A n way of transport mut be included .
We are ues to irving a car and we do not ontiec oh mcu damage we cuase . We hsuold strat using ne ways of transport as go by bkie or by wlaking .
Not lny wli love pollutio , also it wi help us to idscar oebisty .
We Suold nilcude new alternatives of trasnprot in our routines .
Rivers adn saes are victims of modreniztaion .
We have no eda of ho muhc dagae fatcoires acuses to hte rviers and seas .
In fact , teh factories awste geo to ht irver .
The government sohlud improve a ne la to ruglarize this damage .
As we can see modenrizatoin is causing damge in irvres and aes .
In my opini , Ploluiton is a problematic on the enti world , nto only in moren countries , so we should try to rceycle more , any kidn of help is necessary .
Daer rgandmother ,
How ar yuo ?
I havne't see yo ro a nog tmie .
I hvae a en beautiful pair of shoes .
These rae whi with black and bleu lines .
I loev it .
My mtoher gave me for my birdhay .
I 'm going to celebtae my birthday nex week in my house .
Would you lik to com ? I 'm goign to invite all my friends and faimly .
It 's going to be amazing .
ese y so .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am evry happ becaues the time spen ve afst .
I did n't hva aynthing news about yo .
uo na come ehr when you haev time becaues my house is your hosue .
Whiel you are with me , yo wli do curriuclum vtiea adn after we will trvale aorudn my cuonrty dn we will beocem a ogod workerds .
Tsi idea is afntastic , although this will be very complicated .
However hte bts otpion is hta uo came ehre and after I preesnt my friends and their fathers because they can lep with your j .
On the ohter hna , I do n't recommend tarvel bceause this is very expensive .
If you cma here , you will ee a lot of country an you tarevl around the rold .
ub it is your decisoin , ehse optoins er my advice .
I wi olo forward to your ntoice abuot your decision , ub I am very nervous becaues if oyu are wi me , I wll hev the best smumer in my life dn I will be evyr ahppy because we will do partie with a ol of friends .
You msu remember th th money are very important in yoru decioin .
toicia
dn i ewtn to open eh door .
I wa reall cmofortable in my bde i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
But , whatever , i wen .
To the doo adn open it , result that was my bortehr .
Afetr that say hi and go with ihm inside , he told me thta ru m sa goon to a trip fo a week and we have to take ca of my ltitl siste .
I was a little worried because i love my sister but she aws younge and i had a lot of work .
Whatever i deicdde to said yes and prepared myself to take acr of ehr .
My brother go and he promised to return later tih my sitsre .
I closedthe doo whishing never have to opened aga , then i ewn to t bathroom a too a relxa shoower .
I practise Pilates Methdo erey Snudya morning .
I ilek this sport becsue it is a spmly ehalhty sport tta erspecst my obd .
I parctised danse a lnog time ago btu with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
I idscovere Piltase 2 years ago and ebgan with a o Beja dnacer .
He otok time to explain each movemen and dae me undesrtandign th concept .
After 10 tmies I otbanied results on my body : sertch , isnewy an flexible .
If I oculd give daviecs to new practisers of Pliaets , it should be to read a book abtu this method and to tak time choosign a goog teacher .
A few yaers previously I took prat in one programme name acleld hcristams Drama .
In my cshool ase I ddi not participate any programme even sports .
ebacuse scholo taecher never necourag me to participate .
If the told me to atten compulsory I will do wtiohut any hesitation .
hwiel I wree in ANDRAPRAEdS every ye we ahev Christmas function in Deecmber although we a on interested to attdn Drama tye were ont leave us withou participation vee simple character .
They gev me a character ilke Eh GOD .Firstyl I never aware about how ac dn do tih praticula hcaracter .
And form Octbore to till December we pratcsie everyday aftre our study hour up to eleven " O"CLKc.DAY BY DA I lran and finally I d my orl well .
Then I think meslf why I wastde ll my school dsy .
eprsonally I believe that those who rae not participtae ayn activity the taechers ha htem to encourgae .Then only they laos kn hwo talented tye are .
Every studen hsoul attend na show thier tlaetn .
Aetr smoe egs we ca to attend a this type of activity bacuse we lal are become old .So let do and eojy oyur oyung ag be happier .
The future of plbic transport in developed counrteis is rey different , because sot people ahv a cra , in ht peoel who lvi in poor conutreis , oms peopl take public transport , because people dse n't ahev a acr and is cheaper atke public transport , th pollution of public transprot is huge a is growing third wlrd countries should ahv , ce frieldy transport .
I did n't use to believe in th people would do veerything ro advantag , even betraying afimly nad friends .
I tuoght that wsa onyl seen in film .
Th real world would not like htta .
I strongly beleievd people would rhter ahev love in the ehart ahn everythign .
I aws n't rich , not havnig man good things , oyl a sample person , ubt I lievd happily .
At least I h a stael oj , love , faimly dn friends .
Howev , thes things have changed , A eh things I hva be owning , building , remaining are broekn .
It is hra to beilvee my eyes that I uold ee ht avidity under thie yese , as if they coul n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't bcemoe brliliant so long as I am alive .
I ha alwyas tired to convince tme that I am not tta bad smo poepl said .
My family lvi in eh cti cneter of Madrid but I do n't liek living her because it is noisy and there is conatminatino , so I decided to move to the conut side tow years ago .
I love htsi place becaes it is relaxing but eh oln prolbe for me is I live alone and I 'm lonyl .
My mothre knew my feeling and sh wnaetd help me .
hse came to my house with a preesnt last wee a when I opend it ... I could n't eblieved it " It was a little a beautiful monkey !
I w so exciting nad vrey hayp .
For me it was ilek to ha a nwe mmeber of the afimly and he live with me .
Sicn thees moment my ilfe changed and wo I go to every place iwth " Yanog " monye 's na
Daer ri / Maadm
I am wriitn thsi leetr in order to apply for ht oj in t " usa summer camps " .
I as ht jo advretismeent in eh olcal newspaper .
To atrt wht , I wolud like to tlel yo that I hvae studied gastronomy in the Intsituot Crandon , on of eh most recgoniesd institutes in Uruugya , also , I ahve just finished hte oprts and health cosre in ht Universidad de la Rpeublica , in which I laerned to work from chilrden to dautls in the sports rae .
I think evyr epople love sport .
In the world very fomus sport efstivla is Olympic .
Three incldued many kind sports cuh as wretslnig , basketball , etnni , running .. ect .
My favoirte psorst ar basketball adn martia ra .
Fits , Basketball is team sport wh it means i need to understand expression of mebmres of te and keep contact the of exapmle my roll is cutter ub i need to do asstser , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every cnutry have won amtrial atr history a cultur that is kufgu from Cihan , taekwondo for Japan and Karate form Kore .
It nto ujst fgihting these sport igev pepoel duraiblit , speed and power .
Especially i lek karate an nug - fu .
na a owmen whose are possbiel to interest it .
There is n special critira such a tall adn srtong msulce or gender .
htese 2 sprots improvin human basi abiilty to reach as possible high capability .
I sugegsted to oth epopel firts to understand yourself scu as hwa do uo lik , whci is opssible nad than practice afre verey usccess
my favourite soprt is badminton .
it 's a gmae between 2 or 4 people .
they use a ta an a shuttlecock which is ilke a bao featehr .
purpoes score most opints .
I sometimes play badminotn wiht my brother , adn I always iw .
I think I am good lpayer .
my first play abdminton when I aws 7 year old .
posiitevs yas for playin bamdinton : you can loes weight , you vsiio will be good et
negatives yas of planig abdminotn : y rgith ram is moer strong tahn yuo lfe ra , sometime , you aer srpain your mr .
I 'm sru is very ehath for you obdy .
According to thi from , we can konw learning knowledg takes a patr of time in en day .
nuliek Taiaw 's senior high scohlos students , their eleping ti average in giht huors veen omer .
As ofr me , my adil schedule do n't have umch options , just noly tsud , sleep and other .
Others inlcdue in rest and exrecies , but they do n't occupy tos of item .
In my awareness , I know United tsate advcoates fee - style study na sefl - learning , so they aside fmo study , th ahve diversity esletcions .
Whe it come to my sleeping , I only have four to fi hours in a ad .
Teh lake of sleep often mak me ca n't concentrate in lcass .
the omre remnid ymsefl to gte up early , the mo things i need to do .
So it usually postpones my lseeping tim .
The noly common opito is rest time , I aos psend three to four hour .
Because i think famliy and friends are my psirit emdicine , htye can igve me lost of energy .
Fits , I am to sya th epople 's live cahng in the future , bceaus the new technologies will chaneg the lives of people .
I htnik tsi , because ht ne technologies rae creaetd by poeple ro imporving our habtis .
For example , Internet in the next 50 eyras iwll be veyr diffreent , I guess that peolpe will have a chip in our hea and tye may do many thing with oyur mi like if we need to call other peolpe , we will think abou it and we may speak tih it .
ofr othe hand , Poepl make ohtre inventions of improving hte wrodl na reudce pollution , ofr example , In this tiem we have created electric cars or organci food , the hting ar rey useful in futuer , beuase we will ene to reduce opllution .
laso , People will nede to improve emidcine to crue diesase and for this , Poepel need to create mo inventio to resolve htsee prolbesm .
Finally , I think that eh be chnage will be in o lifestyle , We wil hcnage uo clohtse , htikning and toher htinsg , We will be more depenednt and we need mor thinsg ofr our da to ad .
Altohuhg I hva been having terrible jte lugde sinc came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
Aynway I have to find a bird to develop syelf and tkae a rest .
I never asy goodbye to everyone beacus I wlil co back England .
Michael is a eten guy that lvi iwt ih parents .
He is seventeen yera lo na he has a sietr .
si sister is si eyars old .
One usmmre tomorr , hre sister woek up very earl .
He wa worr because ih sist always waek up very late , about midd .
Someoen ring hte odor and he opeend ub there aws anybody in ht door so he closed hte door again .
He lisetne a bi noise at the top of hte stairs b he id nt go to olo that noise .
Teh door rang aagin a he opened again ht door , h stser sa wht hmi and she aws very scared but there was anyobdy in the door agin .... a th ti , the onis at th to of the stairs wa higher and he understood a .
Someone aw calling t odor hwiel aht smoeone was stealing in your house ...
By that , h sister is csraed and woke up ...
Michael csoed hte door a kenw at that moment he had mda a mistake
Twenty eyar ago I started palynig fooabll .
I ha parctised a lot of sports before , tu when I started playing footba I felt taht was my sport , htis was freedom .
I have plyade at a lot of teasm .
dn ju as I aws becoming in a proffseional football player , my rihgt knee injure .
Then I have ebe oepratde twice .
Bacuse of injuries , I have now thinikng on leaving football to dedicaet me to other passion , the gutiar .
irting emiasl in English can somteimes be hard .
I mvode to the UK from utkrey rceently .
It is not always eas for me to speak in another lagnauge consttnly .
I hev to improve my writing .
Tihs is the reason why I 'm rtying this web page .
psort is very healyh , it is very impotrnat that all people do xeercise for thie bodies .
I olv sport and I usually go to the gym .
I like running and I run three days a week .
I perefr doing srot tih a friend or my sisre , it is funnier .
If I run laon , I take my mobile phnoe nad I can lisne to music .
Wne you go owling you do n't nde owrd , or worm or any thing ubt hope .
This is hte boo Owl
omo .
htis book is wirtte by Jnae Yeln .
I like that phrase Bceause Th boy was happy ebcaus he got to
go owling adn he s been ownted to go owlnig for a long tim dn he finally to to go .
When other kids aer happy th makse me ahppy . I lki it Because it makes me efe good Bceause oyu do n't haf't
( have ) to hvae words to go owilng but uo haf't to have hope to see an o .
My name is nigri .
I am hav 24 years lo and I lev in Re .
Physically I am blnode ,
I haev bule eyes and I am of average ehight .
I liek going to eh cinema , egt tu with my friedn ,
to lpayin t counter srtike , walkin to eh park , giogn teh shpping nad ca n't satdn watching the blood .
I now am styding Sowtare Engineering .
On Septembre I am going to Madrid to studying hte master of
Web Programming with my friend .
I prfeer living iwth my boyfriedn .
I am mo ormantic that my obyfriend .
I hate eaitn veegtablse and I love etaing chips .
I idslkie is htta I will be waay from my family .
I am iong to imss my family .
Thye are very happy wti me , because my mraks is ogod .
Hi , Jneyn
Wll , as you sake me Jenny , t omst brililant cato than see ebfore is Vin Deasel , it is an exclelent professiona na he protagoinzed a great ael of movies kie the saga of Fast and Fruiosu , Ridic , Nannies bulletporof and other etxrsa films .
hti is one of my favourtie acotr because , wh he is reocrdnig a fil he asusem ihs loe passoinately nad that is really important for a good actor .
Another of my favourite is iwl Simth , he appeared in t wlel - nkown fiml , Men in Blac and others excellent films kie I am Legend .
Thsi is fo me and mnay epopl an excelletn act because his personality is extrovrety .
So Jenyn , ehre aer my ow favourites lim stars .
I hvae to go shopping , srry .
ese oy
Franco .
This topic sa controversial opinion tsee days , aht eevroyne should take a yra fo between aeving hcool and starting college or univeristy .
I am gnig to study teh topic from both sapects and giv my opinion in the mattre .
A good percentage of people tnik that everyone sholud take a eya fo between leaving school and start college .
They think htat yaer hte student na spend in oj to ear monye so they cna afford their expenses durnig college .
This way hlesp the also to epxolre hte jbo amrket , some jobs are in rgeat demna compared to others .
Or simpl th tsuednt c sned this time travelling .
This way ehpl htme to get rid of study stress , an to giv time to hteir oscia life .
Others htikn that if tsudenst take a year off sutdy is unwies .
As return back to tsud may be diffcilut .
It is better to finish study first then go ro wor or haivng relaxation with trave .
both opiino hva theri merits .
In my opinion I htin it greatly depend on indviidual financial situation .
As I you ahv monetary htta cna covre uor expense on rtvael is totally different tha if y vae to work to ocve yo eepnse .
or oy ju ahve aht is essentail ofr education na university fees .
Transport is very important in oru ilfe , becuase we rtanpsort form place to other place .
the developme tehcnloogy and Industry vrey fas , so the public transport no future ,
Msut be Interesting eh develompent transport vee fits teh tiem .
Hello Joe .
Congrautltaions for your wedin , I hpoe yo will be all yo life as hapyp as oy rae on .
Jneny adn you are a great couple .
htank you vyr much Joe for think in me ofr to be your wintese , I fe veyr rpoud tta yo think in me for to be oyu witnees a of cuosre I accept nad I will be in Toronto for your weddign .
eo we lvie far away scne I wokr for eh red cross , tu I steel be ht asme person as I was at the school and I li the asm thnigs .
Jeo I have ht same memory as I sa a chdl , adn I do n't rememre to much oshpie .
Was seh at eh scho wit us ?
Could y edscrbie me eh ? .
In other w , I nveer be a witness , hwat I hvae to do ?
, tell me what cni of siut have th wintees have to wear , If I have to buya oclour of it , eh flower .... really I 'm very exciting wiht your wedding .
I will be at ohme fro my mohter birthya in novembre , and if you can we could vae a drink .
Any aw congratulations for Jenny dn uo again .
Be wisehs
eo
hello , ogdo morning
I enjoy my favorite soprt because I lkie running , plyaing and go to the forest .
Tsi sport is helahty and good ofr the byd . yo sohuld satrtign this soprt for yuo feel go .
uor umscule will be hard .
for htsi is necessary irnk awter , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
we do n't chlud ae sweet and usgar .
if you want to tsrat tih spor , you should start running tihryt mintues .
Thank uo for showing yo intreset in my village concrens with the environment .
Teh twon , Lohri , hsa been konw for st practices to preserve natru . in ou twon , we conduct omnhtly meetigns concenring waste mangaement , as wel as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. amnjo Barqi , oh has tkane uno himself to lea these meetings and educate uor village on health problems asosciated with improper dispose of hte waste . the vilalge ha built pits to dipssoe waste .
The fact of suing a cart to trasnport , is essential in lief , and that depneds on teh c yo want to ub a save gas .
Whne you drive y must tek preactuions at all tise because if yuo can no casue an accident
Lin Remember that a cra is to amk yoru life easier to rtansfer and save as a way laso to birng secuirty becuase you go in your car nad is elss likely to te mugged or somethin .
osme desvenetjas may not have the mnoey to maintain it , and they wlays remmeber htat th ac should give you a srevcie a no to him , which is why oy alwyas ekep it in lnie tih the engine so you do on fail .
no d I visit my rfiedn Jimmy in New York city , he was a ynug man who was specialist on tarins and tourism , he talked about how the citizesn and the commuters omv fro one place to anothre , he told me that the grand ecntral terminal aw the lragets etrminla of the cyt , he show me wree the landmakrs of the big apple were so sighsteer could go , he show me the tiy and we ewn to different parts firs he toko me to oclumubs circ in hte sotu set ocrne of cenrta park were there were t mots expenisve aparmtnets hte we wtn to hte alke ewre the jogging tracks thta circle th lake area oppular with ear morning visitors , the we went to eh msuuem of natural histyr thta wsa located near the mertopolitan museum of art then I got focal on t subway rtains so we went to Grand central termnial hwen we arriev I was amazed to see man epople going to wokr so he otld me aht it was convenientl for people to es ht trai becaues is evyr fatsest dn for t government it was a gra econom business th he told me htat on of eh characteristics of
In the re of technological advancement , evreything go beyo o 's expectation .
hter er mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the rtansportation driven by oslra lel energy .
In addition , the advacnement of transportation ysstme which is developed ady - by - day performs to the msot convenietn and the fastest as they ac .
Evne though the personal car was consuem more adn more because of i convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development wll perform pubil transport to be moer popular htna tarvelilng by ac .
ht number of epopl in the world is continually increased .
This maeks hte city be crowded .
Imagien if everyone hsa individual casr , ma we walk on th to of the car to meet neighbour by th next door .
Therefore , puilc transportation is deemed isgnificatn in rode to erduc ednsiyt on th ora , the traffci .
In the first paragarph , I 've rwitte that the transportation dveleopment iwl neevr lose palc fo publci transport .
Firstly , thre are a olt of methods to travle ; ro example , buses , trolley buses , Meor , Tb , train , hspi .
Secondly , pbulci transport miporve itself to be mor ufnctional a help spuprot people .
Fo example , comfortable seats , system support for hte handicap or physical disability , item capture that ehlp people to know the if item wehn t b come , as well as security support that hle people to be omre conifdent to tarevl .
Lastly , pulbci transportatio make you sure to arrive on time .
Y do not wroreid abuot hte traffic ja , or try to fin the car pra .
Al atke tno account , eh publci transrot has a cuh more useful and ocnveinent , toh individuals adn commercila .
Although the personal car is ppoular , th pulbci trnasprot is still be vaulalbe of the country
Daer Crhsi ,
I wuold like to sned this Staurday with oyu ) )
Hope , You wll be free at 6 a.m.
Let 's mee on ojh 's apartment .
H party is alawy ufn .
ll uo friends will be tehre .
Summe vacatio is so desirable that thoes in cshool or workplace long for it .
To most stduents , weekend is seesntial to them , beacus they ra not allowed to lpya comtuer games until the wekeneds .
In my opinion , weekend on on gives us neouhg time to atke an adequate brea but allow us to neirch oursel .
Simialrly , summ vaaction vie us more tmie to do maeningful htnigs .
Such as visitni museu , seein touching movies , doing exercises and so on .
noyl by constanlty do conducting my dialy rouiten na I laern mer information an become stronge
In miportant emeting ilke UN General Assembly or 7g7 , ma laeder of opwer cuontries raise t enviromnnetal prboelms as the msot cocnerned problem in thri itneranl polciies .
Dsiaster on the environment not only casue many problems to uhmna ub also to all diversity of life .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek awsy to reduce cause a feefcts of thes comnig siaster .
Firslty , I osmetimes us my mom 's bicycle to university atking part to reduce the caobn dioxide emission from my car .
Rdiin a bicycle also a iknd of eoc - frienldy transportation .
Next step , I reduce using soem of the cosmet products that provide or made fro th materials cause a greenohuse efeftc .
Three are also many related products which hamr the environment .
eda Juliet ,
Tahkns for your elttre , it was a plesaant surprise .
I am wriitn to tlel you that I ca n't go to the mraathon wi you , becasue the distance is too olng for me , I 'm not f enough f this .
I'm sorry , maby enx eya I can go .
alst week I swa a ibk trip to eh countryisde and ohw about registering fro thsi ?
By for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Lo ,
Kriszti
I think htta I should psas ebcause I worked ahdr adn this is t last sujbect to finsi my studies .
I really think that , we should spea Englihs .
I do n't know how study English and fo this reason is evr dfifciult for me .
The entx eya , in Octebr , I 'll go as aupair to Oxfodr . whre I hope to learn Enilsh .
I think tha it is the onl aw fo me .
yes , I 'm talkign with a afmliy in Oxford .
I should go in cotoebr .
I lvo this faimly because it is a sinlg mother and I tihnk it is easier
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Ofxrod .
I shuol go in October . fro 7 months .
I lvoe tsi family because it is a singel mothe na I htink it is easier
aer Mangae ,
I am interested in th vacnacy in your acf .
In yuor advertismeent , you said that you need a eprso w cna wo at weekends in oyru cafe .
I beleive aht I can be a goo hlepre for two reasons .
Firts , I am good to cookin .
I ah been worde in ABC restaruatn unt last year .
ebisdes , I also so ogdo at edalign iwth people .
Mer information about my qaulification please see teh attachment .
Bets regards , and look forward to oyu gdo ensw .
B
1205
0100
The video gaem Cuonter Striek is a good game for ht ocmputer , I tihnk that play it is a good way to nejoy .
In this viedo game , you can klil , jump , danc , dn eat lal oyu wtn , is a very ogdo game I think tta is the best " shooter " na that " Atric Combat " to is wlel .
I am a very well player in this , I konw play it evr ood .
In conclusion , Counter Strkie is the best game in the wolrd .
Smume holiday ,
I hav been to Itlay on holiday 3 years gao .
I id n't vae a long holiday , it was just ro 3 dasy bu these 3 adys were teh set in my lfie .
I must s that I went ther because my sister is living ther so I did n't have to bko a room at the hotel a spending too much omeny .
I went to the Vatican and Rome , I swa thier massive buildings whic were impressiev na their old houses .
The waehter sa fantastic , I lo bathnig in the sun and seting on t hot sand on hte ebach .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I wsa bonr in Mxeico .
noe of my passoins in tih world is help poeple , any kdn of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
I htink am a suitable person to care of children , because I like wroknig with kids , is not the firts tmi I work wti chidlern .
I currently work tih cihldrne tih disabilitise nad I love it !
I 'm godo at improvising games to childrne , a gdo coo ot .
If you only give me teh opportunity to owkr for hte camp , I wlil enver disappoint you .
Pete looked at his watch and knew th he had to do something immediately .
He too si bacpkack and rna really afts to t school .
Today is hte big day , teh day of h apresentation about acid rain na yru conseuqences on nature
epte studeedd adn prepared ihmself for hti d ro a evr long tim , because finally his mother wll see him after fuor year esparat .
Peter did a beautiful presentation a now his mother is rey porud .
A haelth is an important part in uo life , so our priority in uor icyt is an envirnoment , nad people consider keeping uo enivronment and rok togteher to preservaito of the environment .
Threefore , the municipality of environment tu regulations an instructions to take care of our ivllag .
ifrslty , orgainzing clolectin garbage .for axmple , red box fo mdeiacl rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic matirals , in yellow xo for plsatic , white ob for alss , dn pni bo of other trash .
This ya is to facilitates classification of garbaeg dn transfer ehc sorts of rubbis to psecifci place .
escondl , recyclnig waste . afetr collecting it , then rtansport to factoreis to recycle it to useful materiasl , we can use it gaain in al aspects in our lfi .
Latsyl , workshops about conservation of envornment to icnrease environmtnal awareness aomng oeple to encourage ehm to atek ca of their city , nad ohw th acn rceycle osm rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
In aidtion , mnay resiedtns in our town haev launhcde initiatvie wihch target to cle up ru village , adn plant mayn trees on the streets to ekpe hte environment celna and portect our geneartino from pollution . moreover , to attract touirtss to siit us .cnosequences , jumpnig numbre of visitors to ou otwn , a reducing pollution which casues sever diseases .
ufrturemore savnig cost of treatment because of decreasi numbre of patients .
In noclusion , we loo forward to being our village free from pollution dn ekpe ru health dn enyo in pure ari where ou children lil grow up .
Dan aws a urnner of the big leagues aht awtned to egt ht world iwde record of the bset tmi in 10 m .
To reahc his oglas , he tranie a olt wit one of h colleges nad he gave no importance to the judgements that poelpe have over ihm and his abmitoius wishes of victory .
Although he was always thinking if it sa a blessing or a lesson I be comeptnig .
Eihter , he have an enem htat wa tyrign to extintc ihs love to r and egtting ihm ou of teh competence .
eh eneym thinks htta th pasiso to ufn of Dan will demise , tu s does n't count , that thi olve iwll be foervre in his heatr to ifght with yn davresity in ihs rda .
At the end , he continue running , thanks for thi , he approacehd hi goals .
Internet is the best menas of communciatoin .
Itnernet nwoadays is usde all over t world ofr mna goals .
frits we uses niterent to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can hccek and reda world 's most famous newspaper such as ne York times , hte sun and also leectroinc newspaper .
tnernet aslo acn be us to elarn and to educaet yoruself , internet allow us to read bosk , magazines and short sotries .
Ietrnet is the most efefctive way to statr a business and to loo of a jo , amn people uses Internte to owkr , and htey aerning mon veer month .
Internet is a way to make new frneds all over the world through social websites cuh as Faceook , twitetr , nad yo uteb .
As a conclusion intenret is mikng things better and eaisre , ilef now is always connected to ht Internet .
My name is Mariangeles dn I am giogn to show oyu o of ht most magnificent plaecs of Extremadura , noterrubio de la Sreena .
Visiting hti smlal vialge yo wll enjoy a ruarl tourims with charm .
Feeiln t darmaitsm na realism of the best known event in Easter , played durign nie yeras by eh inhabitants , " T saión of hcrsit " .
Discover t amin representative musuem there , t olive muesum wher oyu are able to loko at ist ihstory in each of their conresr , ebsieds tasting ist exquisit iol .
emet tier Patron siant asn Isidro nad get th most uo of their memorable party in ihs honor .
Inspce cloesyl this unforgettable lpaec an leran a bit omre obut hte ucltur of Extremadu .
My favourite spor is swimming .
Since I was young I kie swimming and wehn I grew up I tlo my mum th I want to amke competitions .
T rist time it 's difficult like ohtre spotr because you do n't know and yo have to imporve by yuorself ub if you lki it yuo iwll fidn fascinating .
Also I reemmbe my fisr competitions , I idd n't iwn I sa lik th t4 ubt I was n't sad bacuse I though thta hte next tmie I iwll do my bse adn probably I would w .
I ewtn to swim like 4 hours a week dn it w amazing because I improve a l adn right now I 'm one of ht best .
Last year I own eh ntaional compettiion in my counrty and that make me fele so go , because it 's la I watn .
If uo want to tka up wsimming I wil recmomend you to do your best nad if y like it you wll enojy it at the sa time you make exercise
In the past omts of poeple di not too worry aobut htei ehalthy .
In thos days almost 80% of peopel haev asusre feel preocupatoin aobtu their bodeis and their alimentation , ofr this they convidencde me tah ehy will rty improve their habitual ailmnetation evyrday and their will do sport moer rfequetnly .
As I the most people we start to do soptr becasue we ar tsressde a neeedd go out of uor huoes afre a hard day of work or study .
noe day I went to do nuning and since htta moment I have not sotppde .
ht omemnt perfect is when uo want , in the morning , in the afternoo , in the evenin or in t nig .
Is thruly thta on usmmer we ahve to be careful with te hour aer to hot an we should avoid .
Is necsesar b a we - euqpied sneakers , to amke user do n't suffer a pian on our feet a ht erts of obyd .
In atmipco City teh most ipmortant ldnmarks tye are squares in Tampico , the bette shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico cetner and ht beach Madero , the oms improtan parks they ar Carpetne 's lagoon and my faroite restauran is Chlid 's in mlal Altama .
The bcah at ingth is a one better place ro happen with your family
Dear Ms Ana
Here I come to epxress my thoughts auot what have been happeinng during these past eweks at hte reception of the building .
I am happ to sya htat I hvae only positive poitns to presente deu to h wellcome I fel whe I arrive at the rceeption .
Beocuse of th , sometimes I feel free to as ehm what I want a depending on the awy tehy ercieve my cmoments I acn ju let the do the taks I asked hte withuo keeping on watchign them .
In conclusion I 'd like to offe my ai if aynthing owul be necessayr .
Regards .
ymth and falbe are lawyas my favirte tyeps of sotires , because they acn eihter be easy to undertsand or etxedn deepe taters .
Somteime it is interesting to kno a story by discovering tehi backgroun ifrst , is n't it ?
For example , ude to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgmaesh " , we all heard osmehting realte to it , tu do n't reall nkwo baout detials .
Amonu of tradition dn legend onwaday somwehat feers its conte , usch as Hemr 's " Odyssey " , th food mentioned in t Bible , a epseically Mesopoatiman civilization .
hterefore , I try to fdn out more information abuot " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it comlpetely .
In colcusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be mer niterested in traffi ja .
If the gvoernmen gives attentno in improving the srteets , decerases usin ras , rpovides oth tnasportation , an controls rtaffi jams by police , iryad will becem a gerta ciyt so the pepol do n't worr abtu going uo .
I poe this problme will disappear soon .
Dear ri or amdma ,
My anm is Andreia , I am 27 years lod . I am a very friendly person dn I ahev expeeince in htsi area .
Last summe I worked wit children aged 10 yaesr old during a motn and I had oagnised so actviiites on ht bcah such as football games adn gym classes .
F me , it 's a pleasure to make the mie relaly fun .
I lki very umc to cook an I think aht there are smoe acitvitise hta we acn do on t kitkce , lek to ocok cookies or maek fre berad .
Fro anoehr htink I can psea Engli evry well , because I had stduie Enlgish in inversity although I was Portuugese .
I would ilek to get this job because I olev children a I am a very paitent person .
I hope you nosider my appliaction and conatct me ,
Andreia
In the ftuure , tih nedency wli be continuing mroe na mor specific socai networking sites between busniess and personal lief .
In oredr to thsi happen , looikng o fro new soci networking sites dseigned are particular goals .
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facobok , you will ifnd istse are specaiilzing at pepoel , business and society .
Having used cras to fulfill our transportation needs within teh city limits it is a very good option for mnay of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outisde of oru suubrban areas might requrie a different osrt of transportation , hterefoer is where t upbilc transpoattion should focus on sicn the long trips taking more thna a simple comumt in ht city would reqrie it .
It has been a popual American trdaition fro amny years onw , sinc the mdi-60s hta we all use cars owned by privaet parite in oredr to meet our needs , hcne considered th " omdus operandi " ev scne .
A n thinking might ehlp to address htsi issue : transportation istlef , perhasp , it is in need of evoluti , tah migh be teh u of upblic tarnsportation , it has proven to be ht best amnner to get to plecs which roads a geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , al epolpe can buy a l of type of some things in my ci f eaxmple in the centre of the cit we can be souvenirs becaus this tow has g old mnoumetns , thaetre and chucrhes .
In norht of the ciyt people sell ll types of food .
Normally thi food are made when poeple did in ht past , lathouhg , the best street market is in the wts of ht ict .
On ht other hand , you ohuld ivsit a bookshop in a stree marker .
However you can read a book whel you can eta adn drink moe things in teh sfo of rteet .
oyu must remember that in the cenetr of the city , you ac visit the bakeries with the best sweets an baed of world an these swete ra cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , poepel na kon t biggts shopping ecnter of Spain , eh situation of thsi shopping center is in t antoinal tsree 4 in west of the tiy .
You can see modern clothes whi you aet in a restaruant na yuo can tkae photos wit a tv sat , because they uby in htis shopping cente adn oy feel a sra , becau yuo se a famuos persno and you think that yuo ra in a flim .
hte movei I decided to review for yuo is thrille called The destniy .
eh plot of omvie is es in a amll twon where everything h ist own eyes and bceause of htta you umts be awar of you beahivour .
All it begin wehn dauhgte will come to visit her omther na her stpe fatre .
What I liked oms sa tha uo think oyu kon wha is going to happen b for you srupris it always tunrs up for somtehin unexcepted .
Despite eh fact that the is n't a holywoo star all the charatcers are played veyr believable adn some secnes wo n't let you slee .
Even t scenery is not based on real otry it will maeks you think baout accidents happening around you .
There is n't anything special what I disliek maybe xecep for ht musi which w used three .
Sometimes I felt that the backgroun songs do n't match wi what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so oy woudl n't mind it .
I ihghl recommedn thsi mvoie to evryone hwo wnats to see happening unpredictable situations na lkies ht feeling of unkown .
Hi Isabel ,
I lov htis nwe place .
The town is calle wihte city .
It is situade in Merida .
Is a queit and ebautifu city with many hting to do an a lot of palce to go .
My ofvourite plca is the baehc that is near , jsu about 20 milse aw from my fta .
I hope you can come soo .
ojgre
In toward to modernization of life adn ethcnology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majoriyt of one is tatlly utopic .
Everyone wnats a partiucalr objects adn individaul lfie , as an egositic hum ebing ; however hte realm wor hns't capacity to support these ideas .
Actualyl , we ahv a lot of prolbme wtih tarffic : lo of ca in the railwa na it do n't rnuning ; the nubmer of car in ht tsreet caus a ditr polultio ; rcawded arilway causes a later desitnaiton .
In eh biggest cities around the wrol teh trafif nonstop a nicraese every day .
We descovery , in this perspeitve , psecia edseases by trafifc : strss , violence , pollutio , insecurity , so on .
For this reaosn , I beileve that in ht future we lil retru to use a gree combusetr and pbuli transpotr .
If the publi transrot will be by higher uqality , faster na fewer arets , majority of citizens will be prefer : is omr aclm to leax dn read a newpaper or a magizne duirn the way in a clolectiv transport than an indiivdu one ; moreover , the tmie sepn up to go an came back will be reduce , ebcuase it prmootes lse ac in the railwa .
Thu , in ht future , pbuli transport wil be more intersetnig htna aprtciular dn inviidual transpo .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
In the mornin We went to Ocean aprk , we saw dlohpin , ta , hroes adn many naimals .In eh faternoon we went to play rollar ctaser , I screamed on po of vioec and called for help .Acaully I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At eh end of teh ad I was just ilke runnign out of gas , becuase I was oto itre to walk a futrhre .
Lsa day , I gaev eh a hptoo tah wsa our firs hang ou and we hugged each toher , s gave me a present and called me to keep it of h .
Nowadays , tsudents have a ol of vraiou rom of educaito . Tehy may not only elarn in school but also thoruhg the Interne .
It h both advatnages nad disadavantages .
The main advantage of learning pre Inetrent is tmi saving .
Wh we atetdn a school we often waste time on sues ihch we may intend to studnig .
In csae of Internet learning we cna oneself te hours of learning .
Also , possibliity of learning at hmoe is a big advantage , especilaly for peolpe oh preef peac and silence .
Then it 's better to concetnrtae of lerannig and we do n't feel an prssure or stress connecetd with asking and tests .
On the other han , through the Interent laernin on a long rem we coul feel bored or lonely , Shcool gievs oppotruniyt of learning in rguop when tsudetns may help each other an reslove problems .
naother disadvantage of learning pe Internet ca be issue iwth Intrenet connectoin .
It not alawys owrk croerctly .
A mind that ols it .
Macllom oyugn is a guitirst that iwht ihs brother founded the cok badn : AC / DC .
He nvee ah been the most famous guitraist in hte wrol , He was sut o mo guiatr player .
He has liv bhenid ht shadow of hsi brothe , the aeder giuatr and one of the mso important guitarist .
However he nvee has thoug in htis like a problem .
He just do his ojb , play guitar and sing ilke a second voci .
But if you researc about what he has done fro ACDC , you realize that he aws an important am .
A lo of AC / DC 's songs were written and compsoed by hmiself .
He has bee the AC / DC 's mind .
But hwy I did tihs articl about somoeen who looks like a simple guitarts , the reason is just one , ht life , thi amn who one d just dsiappe from eh fnaactic ' ey .
On April 2014 he was unbael to do performans .
On sepmetmber 2014 , a onet was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , teh note said : " Mlacolm is taking a rbaek fr the abn due to li health " .
But the true w wsre , Malcolm h had an lilness sinc 2014 and daily he is owrse .
Demneti is eh inless .
Teh dementia is an illness that afcet ht brain , people 's memory ewre lots , Malcolm do n't remembre oh is th poeple suorund him .
Around a year ag , a video sa dae by Barzliian radio .
The vide show us how demenai sfferers ' raection to listing ACDC 's msuic .
in the end we erad a sentences : " Although yo mgiht someady forget about t world , teh wrodl lil never forte uo , Maclolm , "
ilve uo only have a lief , today , rehaps tomorrow you lost all .
My na is may .
I'm 22 eyars o Egpytain .
Whe I was yougn , I neojyed playnig absektball .
I thought that it 's eh best sport eevr .
It amd me fit an stro .
It taught me ht meanings of temaowrk adn leadership .
I Kept playing absketball 4 years conitnuously tli I jioend the secnodray school .
My advice to anyone tsartin basketball is to nveer gvinig up nad awlyas ke playing till the als mniut .
We er not alon . We live with epople whome are family ofr us .
Relationshpi ac be rey diffeernt ?
fmo th bes to teh worst .
But osmetimes we star to cll oru sisters nad brother uo enemy , without t resaon .
Who brnik up ?
Who care abotu us ?
Woh tr to make us ahppy ?
uo eenym ?
Of course no .
uor family is pelpe wh iwll love us , do n't olko on stiutaions an hwo we a .
We aer always small and careless children of ou parents , smlal an ofolsih for our elde brothers and sister .
Adn i ac claelry say htta they ra our friend . We ar pa of them nad they aer part of us .
So we ened to stand toegther .
Television and other tihngs invented by tecnhloog are pra of uor liefs .
I thin every family has to a television in own hem and ofr example I ahve 4 televinos in imen .
Fo me teleivsion sa advantages na idsadvantages .
It 's important if we wtn to know news of our country or world 's news .
There rae a lto of inetersting tv prgorams hwer we ac lear smoething and there are slo intriging television progrmas .
These aer advantages b we ca have asl disadvantages from teh .
For xeample we can bceoem addicted to ou tleeivsion .
It is no t best thin of our eyeisght and ou helth .
In general I thnik our technology is nto t bse ihng fo o health nad tv and other simialr thinsg are responsable fo oru problesm wtih helt na eseight .
So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us oh to behave with it .
As kee oru mind good and haelthy we nede to spend uo some times in spotr .
I like cricket is the bts among lal of thes sports crcike is a good nid refreshing agm
Pteer looked at h watc an enw tta he had to do osmtehing immediatle .
Afetr calling the ambulance , he waitde uotsdie si car someone hw could help you .
I picekd up t phone nad copmose ht number of ih girlfriend Lisa .
Seh is a nurse , bu he id n't erceiv any rep .
He thought that he must do something or his rfiedn could dei .
Tye had a car accident , and fortunately he h n't injury but ih friend Sa wsa fainted .
He rtide to otp soem car tah passed throuhg t street , but it w uslees .
The ambulance arrive .
asm sa visite but ebside eh scary he had only so bruises .
He acme wiht him to the hospital and at last it aws a success tsor .
I live in ht beautiful ctiy of eina which is famous f i landscapes .
If you come to isena the ra a number of sohps yo should ivist .
The umsuem of teh Duomo is the ebst tourist attraction .
Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven year old .
hse is from Almazora , a little town enar to Castellón .
She is an nol daughter , so eh does n't hav eitehr brothers or issters , but she h two loevly cousins called Daniel and Mairano .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Mar Rodríguez ) , she is a gerat friend wi Carlota Pedralba , as we as ebs firends she has some enmeeis .
Luara , Adiraan nad me ( raía ) lov being a ltitel bit cheekcy , in a godo ya .
She is sometmise mae to epople if oyu are not he friend , but nomrally sh is ReY nid .
Adirana odse n't like sleeping , that is o of the common tihng I have wti hre .
Oen of her favourite things to do is draiwng , hse has lots and lots of spceial pnes , cryaons , hihglighters , apint .... AS you es she is an aritts at drawing .
She syas she is n't gdo at mat , even though she lkies them .
So ... This is Adrina a some things about he .
My favourite sprots are cycling and swimming .
Swimimn is ve ecxite .
Alhtouhg you do n't know how to smi , you wodl love it .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in sumemr .
The are many siwmmin oplos in Ho Kong people love to siw with thri afmilies , frineds or their cihldren .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .
Sem people used to do cycling as relxaign .
Peolpe like cycling alo the river .
Doing sport is very ipmortant in oru lives . We ende to do more sports to maek us heatlhy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sooklov .
I 'm going to visit your hoetl from nue,6 to Jnue , 24
Btu I hav a serious pbolem - I am allergic to animal hiar .
So owuld you please resevre a room to me whe no ainmal have lievd before ?
ebst regadr , Aleaxnedr Sokolov
Dear Garet ,
I ca n't go to a brabecue next Sudnay because I 'm going to Sveille wit my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
I thin that we can meet on Sautdray evening at th cafe .
What do oyu think about it ?
Love ,
laiica
The lsat mistake taht I hav hda to haev been whne I changed eh telephone company because since I hcangde I hvae nay trouble .
All copmany aer th same , any solve yru probelms .
I have had to put a lcai beacuse the compyn did n't reslove .
faetr a mon I did n't know hwe I lil erceive my telephone .
All this begna bceasue the first telephone tah I received It was faulyt .
hte cpmany had to send me other telephone , this telephone trunde out to afutly las .
Since that ommetn all have been problems .
onw , I ha to wait an ansewr the company .
My favourite psrot is handblal . I pla it ever day for 4 class .
I really like it becasue this is on game in which Yuo onyl pla of bal .
This is relly exciitng a amzaing .
I fle happy when I play it .
In thi gam yuo msu lpay iwth team .
You umts n't pl only but oy must iwth team .
My fisrt matc of handball was in 5 class .
I rememmeb , because ehn We ow .
On statring I sa really birni and I want st played .
ty wne I understand how many happ give me tihs game I wa starting more running and train .
Training tren saied me htat I 'm really godo .
This wrods idd tah I was starting mo
belive in yourself .
If oy 'd like to try lpay in Handball You must know that firs itme is aawys t worst .
But You mus n't
no belvie in yourself .
This is my avdice for everynoe who like to play in every game .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I ju want to say that my faimyl is ht mos htin I lov in my lief , I erspetc them apprceiate them also , an I think they ar the ebst thin in my lfie .
teh oms family mebmer I loev and think eh is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 year , I cna tell hre an thin abou my life , my slef , my feelings , hh aos i thnik if i felt in olev eh would be the first to know hta .
obut my rts of family , as I sia before tye are just a relative , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do olv them to much , frits oen is my aunt , the daed one , adn the ohtre wh tsil laiv , but i do n't fele tha flelign of love twoard my ucnle , I do love him , but he is sut my uncle no more .
at la I awnna tla baotu my cousins , I lov teh mos of them especially t cousin in th mae a , htye are my friend , i love t much , nad also t rest of my famiyl
I would lek to inform baotu recorertcion of my family name in t rseutl seet .
I have alraeyd checked my family anme iwt student service on last friday , 20 novemre .
My family anem is WONGWTaJNaAKUL but the resutl sehte is WONGWAJtANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
Colu uo please recorrection of my maily name .
If you haev further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me knwo as soon as possible .
Teh sport is evyr miprotatnt of our bod it ah amny ebnefit to emprove our selves dn give us se ocnfdeant so we should pratcice na sport we lev because it acn change oru mind to the betre .
A obut me I lkie playnig voll abll dn I enojy tse soprt hwen I play it ebacuse of ebin sueful ofr my body .
Looking for any spro kae yo fee go an your brian be always refresh so that you can begin you d wi any psort to making fresh and atfer thta oy can mak any job wti erfreshmnet min .
hte ebnefits of any soptr maek oyu healthy goo so we acn do it jsu make exercise every morning to make yoru bloo preasure urn in la yo bo .
He is an atheltic runner that has imposde a nwe golbal reocrd , nobdy bileves in him not media etihre his own afther in him .
When he was just baou cursing t fina nie he go hurt nad his mussels w dnig adn star to pele off a black matter , at tha point the guys in su tohugth taht he wo n't be able to cross the nie , but hwe they saw htta he kept urnning , thye free ht time and r atfer him , he stopped for a mometn but tne , he tsart running agai na when he orss hte line he woek up in a red somber fluid , he aw wiped o fro eh matrix , he opened ih eye an s a flying rob , suddenl he was on a wood wheelchari adn the said tha he would enve be alb to walk again , besides th , he stands up an tried to walk aagin .
My favourite sport ar basketabll .
I lkie hti game ver muhc .it is a very useful agem .it leps me to keep f .i play basketball myn yeras ago .i want to be a ve fmaous basketbal player .
baksetball needs htat the perosn sholu be tlal enogu to pal it .i like baskebtlal bacuse it amkes me happy , fit , hvae lef_confdinece nad makes me acitve .if anyone want to pla basketball , he should do many execrises an rt to be ael to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There aws a isladn that each year in some mtoh come a hurrican this ilsand is located in a equator th ht oeple went to this ilsan curretnly ub they ca n't wtn when t hurricane is the because they can dda in hte hurricnae .
ht isnad was flood b t island had a veee that prevent a floodign tehn in mnay year a engieners star cnostrutcing a ubilding to ah mroe money then in the ctiy pu amny adveritsing in all thing : bll , balloo , movies , e .
The engineer need ehlp to consturct hte building , they cll to the professoinal to saw what is wron .
Teh hte professoinal say th the ilsand has xepose whi the coean .
They ddi n't nkwo tha eh island was Atlantis .
Then ht engineers call to ohter sector to eusre the doubt of Atlanti teh th prfoesisonal say that hter aw corretc .
Then the engineesr say a forceast .
Them they drnik a cfa that igve hte many energy to consturc fatsre th bliding , hti café has a coibnation for th eppole c to live al the inght .
The he wroke all the night to fniis the netx month .
One omnth later
Then oen eelvator did n't function hten ehy had a fight to ifn hwo was the blame of the leevator .
Then t toursi ewtn to this building to find a jobs to ge money .
Tehn eh hurricane cmoe and lal the people wsa scared ebcasue they di n't know what he goin to do .
The people did n't konw th thi aws cycl becau th engineres did n't say of th hurricane .
Tne t hurricane was ro of all eh island .
Btu the engineer ignore this circumstnace then a helictper comse to safe t resdient .
This helicopter had humid then the ehlicopetr tsa to rotat in a teh island then teh helipoter go sinkin in the water then hte hurricane finshed the engeners sta to distribuet th food and meidcine .
Then the engineesr idscoevr that the ey of the hurrciane was widesperad of the island and that island it was hemispree tne in the city quailfy to ht peopl tta work in thsi building .
When I starte to study here in Australai . I ha been found the dfiference of curriculum in my home conurty .
It is really crucial for me to adopt theri way of teaching at tih time .
In my home country , hwen I was in the Uinversity it ha a little bi easy fo me to follow t educational policise .
The learning tsyl is a traditional learning that is uusa thin in my country .
In addition , teh type of emaination is mor on memorization , that I can es my o langugae that help me to understand it esaeir .
" In particular , mayn international tsudetns aer to teacher dependent on uncritical of materia tta hev ebne htought , porne to role memoriztaion , they misunderstand teh cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowlegde of teh egnres of academci rwiting " .
In contrast , to my present learning , it is prceisely crucail .
The acdaemic style is mroe on cirtical thinking , it is hard to cpoe up , because I need to understand it using their language .
lcearly , mutliple factors hav ahd major inlfuecne or the nature of the sutden population , attedning universities adn wo this hsfit affects , an is affected by nuiversity policy nad parctice are impotrant issue .
As an niterntaional leraner , I embraced these chanegs in my leraning strategise , primarily because tehs ne learning strategie of acameic tsyel significant ofr my future corus .
It h challnegde me to adapt in a Universal approahc to elarning tsyel back in my country .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fac , but a fiction .
It 's a bkoseller called " A rdoag da boedênci " tah the author is Brazilian .
The story is about five friends that beg investigate a drug traffic happneing inside at school .
Howeev , one irend disapepars tne teh four freidns decided to discover where is ih .
It 's a mystery otry with a moral , becaus for surprise of reaedr , teh idrector aws teh drug edalre tta rpdouced the drgu inside ht classes .
Teh omral is about the students do n't be naïve an atk care of unscrupuolsu ne hta esll drugs .
Hi Jo !
I ehadr oy will cem to my country .
I am writing to you to gvie you osem advice baout work and traevl in my country .
In Polen we have a lot of inteersting places to visit .
Places hta yo c siit : monutains , see a lakes .
We have a ol of nice old town .
Polen is amaizng nad intreesting country .
If you have owkring in Pol , eh set ya is job on hloiday .
If yo have experience in ocok , yo wil be right person for this oj .
Hpo you come soon .
Se you !
olev !
XYX
I hav a dream to ocntinue my study until Phd .
However , I thikn that it is to an say hting to be achieved beacus of th limitation about inofrmation of schloarshi .
In addition , I owrk as icvi sevrnat who shlud follow t governmen urle .
Actually , I do n't give up and always looking f eh opportunities .
In my opinio , education is a w to improve ru ilfe quality .
In other wrods , it acn chaeg ru paradimg and minest also into bette perspectievs .
In t borader cpaacit , it na help my nation 's position in the world perpsectvie .
Therfeoer , I do not try to ears my ambition .
Eevrything is possible as long as we haev eofrt .
travellnig is an essenital in everybody 's life .
Althoug the nmuebr of acr a increasing day by day , howeevr most of teh people traveled through hte public transpor .Their limited inmoe restrict them to ub cars .
las the main drawback of cars is the vnironmental pollution .
Theerfore public transport has its o ipmortanec .
In oredr to aiod the environmental polultoin , peoel sholud use t upbilc transport that will to onyl hlep to reduce the pollutio btu asl t exrt exepnditrues fro the petrol .
governmnet shoul ofcus for the miprvoement of pbuli transpor na must dicsouraeg teh indivdiua cars .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you for your money .
I 'm going to buy a DVD rfo ' Forzen ' .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite carotno and I can watch with my children .
Tak the bset care .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Thanks for your lettre askign about ht ewdding .
It 's alway great to aer from uo and I hope hta everything is going ewl .
In my conutr teh ewddnigs aer celebarted fr Sprgn to Atuum .
People ewra specail dress .
If th ewdding is in the mornnig women aer short dress on teh contrary if teh wedding is in ht afternoon , women wear long derss .
The food is vraie .
You ca have several dish such as fish , meat , saefood na a lrag cake .
I ohpe tta 's useful .
By the ya , if oy ne anything else , oyu knwo where I am , and I aelly mae it .
I 'm looking forwadr to hearin from you .
yb for now ,
Loerna
Bey f n ,
Lorena
ehll Jo .
Good I am going to throw a hnad .
My advice to trvael for Spain is taht there are sveeral types of transport but t mos economic is the pbulic , most expensive tranpsort can be ht taxi , for example .
But , you can travel by plane , it is nto evyr epxensive .
My advice of fniding wokr , is a ti complictae bceause nowadyas theer are a lot of people wihtou work .
ubt oy can been lkcy bceaus eh summre is very near na the rok increase .
Your you can fi work , sicne you have the learned Englihs , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
Well , I wish the best thing oy dn th yuo find work .
Gdo luck
By Dadi .
I owke up nkowing it was the most improtant day of my ilf .
I epxecte that ad during lo tmie , it was my wedding 's da .
In hte sprinter , he proposed to me in Crodob so I accepted excited .
We ha a long love story .
I em wtih my bofyriend 5 years ago so I aw sure that it wsa the most important day of my lief .
I wroe a beautiful dress and I wlel brusehd .
It aws a ecxited day , la my friend , famli … were with me .
My boyfrien bceome in my husband .
He was very beautifu and he sang a magnific song for me .
Atcually , he is a good husband , nad I 'm usre thta he love me so much .
edra S ,
I 'm writing hti ltetre to tlel you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
I liked my wor there so much .
My wrok aw auot rereving tickets f ht cutsomers .
It smeed lkie a sipmle job to me , bu it w also a ver stressful job at urs times .
In the morning , we hda slal gorups of people an the rush times satrted in t evenign .
I am looikng forward to hra fmo yo about how did you spend your smuemr .
Sincerely ,
Gheda
Hi , My name is Gabrilea Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I ahev thirteen years o .
I lek playing game and read .
I 'm rfmo Barzil .
My best friend is Jennife Girodano , she 's rpetty a Samr .
I will ercommend Huan Ji Huang to celebrate oru farewell dinen .
Huagn Ji Hnag is located in popular idtsrict in North Jkaarta whci many people acl it IpK .
ihs is Chnia - based cahin that is reecntl opened .
Thsi restaurant has man waadrs in China beofre it opened in Jakarta .
The plec of Huang Ji uhang is rptety ib if yo comraed with the other rsetaurants in PIK .
The alce is provid private orom and karoak room in one place .
Besieds that eh public room is las clean and comofrtabl , btu I recommen yuo to choose private room to support uor farewell idnne .
The waiters who worked here are kin nad helpful , teh serve teh customers kindly dn alwasy expla the menu clearly , they are capable make the custoemr satisfied iwth th esrvic .
Huagn ji huang specilaized in the tse pots me , whihc will tkae you to enjoy an autehnti Chinese food .
Y can oredr packages emn thta uhnag Ji uhang offreed or you can aos choose th ingredients hta y wan for your stew pot ub you must hcoose 3 unt 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of asuc whic ac give oyru stew pot become tsateful , an one of tme is amla Sauce .
Mal asuce is a spicy flavo and it is very tuhentic an you wll raely find tih tast in naother restaurant .
Bu if y do not lki sipcy uo c also t the Honey Sau .
Afetr lal the food is very tempted to rt and the size portion is big enohg to share wiht 3 or 4 people .
hte price is cheap if you cmoprae it with the serivc nad taste from the fodo .
Having farelel dinre here is worth the omne .
veer month Huang Ji Huang always amke a speical fofre from thier uctomer , and for tihs monht aung Ji uhan will gev 20% discount for customer who spe 500 IDR obve , for a complete informatioj you can check it on teh webiste or call th erstuarant .
And I highly recommend oy to kae a reseavtion ifrts if you decided to hold o dnienr here , ebcause this plaec is always crowded and we also need a private romo .
I uesd al of the things except two .
I d n't ahv the Interte hwen I w child .
na also we codl n't choose prgoramme .
I alyed in teh street and walke to school aolne .
I'm thinking wha iknd if things were mor dangerous fo me?It was so adngerous ehn my rfiensd and I swam in t Tolo rvire .
We jumped into the water and caught crafyis .
hwe I remember that momen I am exciting .
I gses veerycihld wnat to investigate ht owrld .
We hev to hpl tehm , to show nad epxlain .
hwa kidn of risks the can gte if to do that .
Ncuelar neergy is one of most impotrnat osurce to generate energy na ehat for the pepoel in teh owrl .
T ocuntries diurnal attempst to develop eh idnutsry of nucela to rpoduc mor opwer .
Three are amny views of using hte nuclear power .
So epopl ugses th nuclear power hsa a gre val to pdouce power instead of the fossi feuls such as : ocals and io wihc rae on ernewabl neergy .
Moreover , they htikn that controllin ht pollution is possible .
Whreaes .
The serious side of the nuclear poewr is ht adnegrous weapons that th countreis t to own , threat the pecae in the owlrd .
ehse iknds of weapons do not kill one or ten but destroy a large otwn cmopletely .
In my opinion usnig t nculaer power is imporatn with teh greta developmetn in the humans ilef.the countries have to establish this energy and other sruces to secure the power fro people .
Hi Lucy ,
ohw ra you ?
I am writi to etll oyu abotu smoething that f suer you will olev it .
Yesterday I sa surfed the Intenret and fin on an amazing site www.bargainstmie.mo
It wa erall by chnaec .
I swa a colorful opp - up ad and I decided to check it .
I was in shock .
There w so amny trendy cloteh in attractive prices .
Immediately , I ahv doen ohpping there . I bought a ksinn blue jeans an black tigh dress .
the material is of gdo quality adn eh clohtse loko t same as on the page .
Thsi is on hte big plus but the waitni tmie for delivery is quite long .
I know that you are looikgn fo a wedding dresses a I wa a lot of wonderful items on tih page .
I think y wi like it just as me .
I hope it wli hepls you .
See oy sno ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel liv in N York wiht his girlfriend , nn , in htier apartment .
He wroked a lot , arrived la of his work and nvere has mie to be with nn .
Btu the wre lovely and thye deciedd tta gte married in 2001 .
W eevrytihng organide .
Ann decided htat she 'll expermietn her dress of marriage
in eh apartemnt while imhcel aws working .
There rae a hsiotry thta the m ca n't to see
his owman befoer teh date of wedding .
Michel arrived more ealry in si home thsi dya , an when si opep si home doo , he saw
Ann dressed in ehr wedding erss .
Mcihael closed the door adn knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The fatsset option to go on holidays
My favourite w to travel is by plane because oy er quikcly in another country .
By plany you raerly have prbolem with your luggage .
By train y did n't will hav alyas place for your luagge .
By plane yuo can give your lugageg at the che - in or uo ca take the hand luggaeg with y . you can be awlasy sure that you will fin a pla for your luggage .
Another reason wh travel by plnae is my favourite is ebcause it is more comfrotable to sleep exctp you have a luod perso close to you .
htta na be annoyand .
I think travel by boat is one of the baddets ways to travel when oy are seasick .
htne you must travel by train or by plane .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY OgOD RESTAURANT WHEs SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a very popul way of havnig a mela in Spain .
If you are nto very hungry .
You na eat small pieecs of different idhses na to have idnner or lunch inexpensively .
For more than tihtry year in Nerja has been openend eveyr dya " Big Fihs " a tradtiional restaurant with a typcial cook of the coast of Málaga .
With uor drikn hte fits portion is on th house .
If oyu pay betewe o a three euso you ac choose litlte dishes of frseh fhs adn different tpyes of salads .
The oprtion of prawns is ve famuos as octpous salad , which is knnw by everyone .
The serviec is ver roganised dn fast , lathoug it might be in gih season yo uold not ahv to wait a long tiem .
This rsetaruant noly ah a little problem .
You can ae " atpas " at ht conutre or in sma tables near the ba .
The rest of eh diningroom is exclusiev by aeitng maesl .
Discussions abuot genetic manipulation become stron wh a sepciifc rae is mentioned : genetically modified fodo or GM ofdo .
For seevrla edcades hte population hsa been discussing arugmetns for and against GM foo .
Improve huna nutrition a argiculture coidtions are argmunets of ohse who ra in favru of manipulation .
In teh first quarter , we ca s tah sales rose , in t seocdn qrater , sales went up b in the third quarter , sales were unchande .
In conclusion , we can ese that sales we up eevyr itme except the third qaurtre tah it were unchanged .
this is ogod , bceasue sales mever went down .
My favourite spor is football , I olv it .
It is teh most popular spotr in hte world .
I enjoy pla it , aprticluarly because it is a competitive psrot an because you play with a aem and not alone , a thsi for me is reall important .
The thing I like ebst in football is play it , bu I al lki watching it , intact I am a na of teh eta Lazio .
Some people htink tha hte football is a bad thing because the footblaler are all stupid adn the fnas are all viole na disrespectflu , but it is n't ilk it .
Ok ehre ra some afsn who are n't goo people ubt the most miportant associations of football are trynig to stop they and to abolish all bad thigns in foobtall .
ofr all th people I advise to start to lpay or watching footbal ebcause for me it is a very good spor , but you ca pla a good football noly if oyu aelly ilke it , becuas first ofotblal is fu .
As every yera the tewnyt three of Apri , d of obok , in my scohol all the student of ifft and sixth of prima do short sotry compettiion nad the winnre ahv a gift .
teh gfist usually are a obko an a tiekt fo ht tehem park in Madrid , and the clidren who have participated win a book .
Alawsy the direotr of my school , called Mihcael , is who orgainzes htis event ro thta eh children ahve fnu writing his sohrts stroies .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evi because he does n't enough boo f all children and a lot of they ah n't gift , so imchle ha clesd teh door an knwe at tha moment he had amed a mistkae .
I tihkn my town really tak care of teh environment , because there are a to of parkｓ in ihs town a these are very clean .
However osem peopel rae not acer of environment that mean osme people thr garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone lvoe aprks because a ol of people go to the park and having lunhc , ipcnic , excerisse , nap ct .
I think faetr eat soemthing at the park then clea themselvse is ogo .
Even though do n everoyne odign taht , so how mcuh public office is care of environment is important dn this town is car of htat a lot .
Erey morning moe peasons a coimng apr a cleaned aht maeks feel really thanskgratitued .
When I am walking orund her I acn see a lot of beautiful gardnes nad roads are clean so I thikn many populati aer caer of twon as we .
There are many sporst grounds for eaxmple tennis cotr , football grnuds nad pla equimpent ro child so I htikn my town tkase caer of environment tha makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mnid and body long tmie .
Espeislay there ra a lot of gree these maeks gdo health .
Hoewevr smoeon have to ta car of htem .
Th town ahev to do tha and I think in Engalnd tehre ra so many green all aroudn , so a lot of people tak car of ehse that makes go environment .
After I have been to lvie in Egnlnad with my faimly I vae gotno the feel very umch indeed .
pia a gain
This omvi is bases uqot on quote on a " treu story " buts ovbiosuly directo michael bay kon ro t arnsformers franchise puts a lot of hlolywood into thi movie , its about a bodybuilder anmed danile lu hw decides to kidnap a rcih guy and mak hi sign away all of ih rpoperties , which obviously i on a gerta plan htta bcakfire on h , and eventualy ploic egt hmi .
Its a rgeat funn voie especially fro someone li me who enjoys going to the g an litfin some ewights .
Hi Julie ,
thank uo for yuo prestn .
I love ht T - hsitr that you agve me for my birthday .
It is a evyr baeutiufl T bceaus -shrit I like t colour and the pattern .
My ady in Londo
I wnet to olndon in paril .
It sa rpett wram .
My afmily nad I to a great feeling as we landde in Ldnon .
We saw a olt of sights like the Bi Be , which is the biggest lcoc in t wrold and hte London Eye .
To got to t Big ebn we too the underground , bu to egt to the Lodnon Ey a de ub .
Aftre 3 adys we ewnt hmo .
I rogot to tell yo something abotu homeless peopl .
A ol of people a homeles , hwich is sad , but myabe we can chaneg it .
Sport is very imoprtant for every one .
Old and youn rae befeit from sports .
My fvaouriet srot is volleyabl .
I like it very much . I practsie it in the clbu .
I play it wit my cmopanoins .
It ameks my obyd haelthy a tsorng .
when oyu score olt of poitns , yuo will win t match .
egnarll sports is groiwgn our mnid notinously .
I arctise it with my freind .
I enjoy playing it alone or wiht my friends .
my parents always support me to play wh like an
enojy .
It make me lose weigh easily wihtotu donig any efofrt .
I do n't ifdn any diffuclty in donig it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Uusalyl I on play basketabll in school .
We paly by etmas or each one alone .
Of ocurse we do n't ahv 2 million balls of each student no we hsrae tih eca otehr .
Also , no a the school lpya in one itme no eevry section have time to pla in .
In school I always lpya with firedns nvee plyaed anoe and always my friends and I wni .
Last tem I played when wo 14 by 5 .
do you know do I eojy my sport I will tel uo yh because when oy play you have fnu and inetrseted .
My advice f peopl who is starting this sport is to repeat playnig until htye eg it .
My fvaouriet osa opera is " Freinds " . I remember to watching it at hmoe at the age of tewlve na laughing out lous iwth my broth .
I stli watch it on Saturdasy and I really ejnoy it !
My fvaotuite charcater is Jye , who is a sill innocent m .
He live wti Cahnlder , oppsoiet Monic dn Rachel 's flat .
It is very difficlu to deny the importance of famiyl in our life , defniiteyl families play an essential rol comumnity sturtcure .According to t experts we ca n't create successflu soceiyt withotu creaitve faimlise , a en another spceific part of your life is a good panters usrrounding yoru daliy atcivities .
One of t main davantage of maily is t recongtion oy have been given in specific ag , children reqiured speical attention to rgo up well , and that can only be given by fmaily .F instance , homeelss childern ra more ilkley to afil in their deucaiton , bo and adapt to society .
Consequentl , they probably fail to exreience fro their live .
Moreover , famiiles taek an essentila aprt in protect their emmbers fro bad atmosphere , adn it probably reflect on ehir perfotmance towa country .leading to effcitiev , creative an uselu cviilains .
ht las film I wcahd wsa " t oders " by it is a hoorr / suspense movie , I was relaly scared .
It is about a family ( the omthre and re two children ncihoals na anne ) , the mother is carzy dn think eh ihldren a allergic to the lightin general .
so the did n't moe outsdi in th ad , a in a roo it could not be mro than a cadnle at a time , it had to be always dra in teh huoes .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , nane saw many itme somoene called vitcor w " play 's "
nad th mother thniks she is leying but faetr a hwiel she belieev her an started saerchnig for the intruders .
At the ned hteintrudesr turn out to be ghos hta
se ebcosue yes
fdsjgdof
Public transportation
I htnik nowadays is omre commno that poeple use thri car f theri normal cativities , but ht statement htat three ir no fturue fo upblic transportation it is on compeletly true , I think th a to of people use public transportation becuase it is cheaper and smoe poepl do n't vae enough money to buy a car .
Another reaosn is taht heer in Mexico , in smo citise yuo ca n't su yoru car in specific dasy , so if yo do no have another cra , oy have to su pbuilc trnasportation .
Well , my college has bee provide an organization callde Eanctus .
I 'm a membre on it dn st goa tha miproev ht positivit of our society by steitng projects esrve amn poelpe w relaly neesd our help .
So , we acaully done 8 rpjoects since i acme in nad i had a good feeling thruogh helping tohre poeple .
we interned 2 antional Compettiinos in 2 yera adn won second lpaec on o of oru projects and gianed 2 leagues on other onse .
we mad uor university proud pl helping peolpe .
Now , we are over 180 members in ihs ogranizatoin an getting inceraes .
We ende more of tsi ogranziation corss the wolr and there is a l of students ready ro hlep and wishgn fro a chance to make o society a better place .
Nowadays , Ways of ilv ahve ebing hcagning in myn apsects .
Does why , is aeys to ebleive htta if things continue iwth tih rhyth and transformnig everythign , in a closer fuutre of 50 years everything is gon na be copmletely knew and diffeernt .
In t past , people were used to live the instant wtihout concerning abou ht future .
Lives of everybody wer the smae nad just smoe of them htought th wah they ewre doign in that moment wlud hva consequences in the future .
For that , everything were kind of ismilar dn tsatci for mnay years .
ub then indsutriailzation ocmes na wi that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to hcange a evertyhin start to go faster .
As I told you bferoe because of th technolog amn things sa bceoem able in less time , and with eh apss of teh years this tend to increase .
For examlpe , shraing konwledg na experiences allows that everybody na do or appl thing nad develops fasetr .
Als allow that researches ac be sahre aesily or for example y acn get niofrmation baou envirnometnal problems that na affect you as we 'll so you ca react fastre and make som chanegs .
Another example of why lives are gno na changed compelteyl in 50 years is because also that connection between toehrs ucltrues make People cnocern more baout her wo helath , t expetcatoins of lfi an eh aw they awnt to live it , becasue eevrydya will be easier to see how umc rae we haetring the aert so we will see faster the impacts tha this brings to our ilf .
As a result we will be eed to change afst , to try to fix what we rbok and star to rebuild in ordre to have th ftuure or health that we rdaem of .
Least bu no less , faimly perception , hsa ebing changed an ro tha tmie everything will be difefrnet because wil be the effect of t edicsions hta women ra making rihg now about ahvin kinds .
Tye ar tending to owrk as mcuh as men 's , so is hard to ahev tmi fo building a afimly or evne some times is hrad too , thinking bauot getitn married .
So that , maybe wuol n't be young force worekr in 50 years nad people will spne la thie mie na money in tier hoibes , sprot , lef acr and travelign .
I studied in Kwuait csohols , after that I ojine Daamscus university , the afculty of huam mediicne , I graduated from it in 200 with very good grade , then I go the Master 's edgre in labroatory medicine frmo ht smae inversity ( Minisrty of Higre Education ) in 2031 iwth Execlelnt grade .
hten I erturnde to ukwait , to s at hoem till I find wro or ya gte a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Nwo I 'm wroking in voluntary works , like translation , deiting in Wikipedia & others
Tihs rpemonition can not hold more rtue .
Tvaeling in public transport c be cumbersome and quti eventful .
Tal of gettin to mee strangers oh may tunr out to be thiesf .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best thgns thta can happen to no person .
Yo get t conveninec of traveling at oyru nw pace and stopipng when you plesae .
Someone has suggested putting warnigns on some types of food and drink .
This suggestion is controversial .
On the one ahdn society beocem incaesingly fa and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind htme to eat clea .
On the othe hand it 's hra to impelmetn this idea .
T companies who produce products with harmflu ingdeienst a very migthy so that hti suggestion is very ahrd to enforce .
Teh examlpe on cigraette packets shows that warnings kie htis could be useful .
the aim of thsi reoprt is to proivd assesmsetn to relocat eh current cantee of t campus to a locatoin more acecssible for lal ht students , nece it wlil hpoeuflly prove both , eh profitbailiyt of th canteen and the reelvatn role it plyas ro all the student in hte campu .
en da , a amn caeld Jonas was stdning in front of a mountain when he wa a bgi bird of prey .
He was worried that the ibrd chareg him , so the mna seek refu adn goes in a caver .
Suddenly he undrestansd that he has haerd a nsie so he decdies to stay in the cavern awya from dang .
It 's the ady after adn Jon hsa put up la night in the cavre and at lod .
At dawn the m goes o orm ht cavern dn look at th ks to ee if tehre was the bidr of rpey .
Jans does n't se teh bidr nad htink htta ht predatoyr had gno away , durign the ngith .
So he edcide to eg hmo .
While th ma wsa clmibing the mountain , the bi pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't knwo what to do .
He decided to tkae the penknife taht he ah in his bga , dn he is successful in kll hte bird of prye .
After ow long day Jonas te ohm sef and osund and lel everything about his experience .
As all of us nko that today 's generatio prefers everything to be their own .
An in the process of onwign we hav moving so ahead that a ady iwl be tehr when we will stornlgy cliam htat public transport does on hev ayn uftuer .
It wli atumoatically diimnish st ersence .
As our country is deveolpnig there wlil days ewer eac dn every individual will be self rilant and wuold definietl perfe hivng ehir own vehicle to comumte for oen idstacne to teh otehr .
In 1999 thye 're soem cloleg freinds went to desetr in their Hollye , they ha a capmnig to get a fun .
Btu in some day tow ugis wi quad ibek and thye s osme tihng rwon teh sad what 's that , they sow eda body , they skared and run to ther cma .
othre frinds coll pole .
Polles came with big investigation .
the investiagtoin accuse them na investigate rpsion .
atfe two days ploeas sow some bodo in rcime scene the poel m as them aht did oy do eha ? he w skard and puzzle over .
they ccahe them .
fatre to days he was confess .
eh pose na whs hsma femo the gues and he sa apoolgize .
televiiso sevrse the multipurpose of entertianin na educating people.in odre to cep up the competiting world a get recognized in the corpreatvie world noe must strev hard , hwich in turn incerases their strses levels .
Television has become oen of t means to reduce the stress leevsl.bseides providing entertainment etlevision ha laso becmo a soruce of information .
edar Si or Madma ,
I appl to your Universi nad I am still waiting for an answe .
laos , I am do not eg an intitation to an inetrview yte .
hte problem is that I am fro opladn adn I coul be in Great Btian from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I do not dnerstood in your previous e - mails .
I am awitign ofr yuor anwsre .
uors sincerely
Well I 'm Sebastian Vega na I 'm studying engeering sustianabl deevlopment .
O of the things aht I feel stressed are the finals xeam , because I have to stduy fo all t lcasses dn smoetimes I am ver cofnused wti my notes .
To be honest I take the ifnasl exams ilke a hcallenge nad it ebcomes exciting for me and I tihkn I lea a lot if I have pressur and th most of the times I have gdo grade .
Sometimes I trust a lo and I vae a bad grades so I fee depressed .
Nowdaasy the pubil rtanpsorte is n't hardyl necessary for uo life .
Howveer , a lot cities vae a problem abou traffci , cuaes of this trouble that ciitzen do n't use public transporte such as uatobsu , taxi , or evne metr .
Consqeuently , gorvernmnet atrt to uspport na take care of the bulic rtansporte .
Moreover it 's not only trfafi 's problem but als abd condtiino .
Mu toxic and xehasut lfow to air .
How can we ercovre the upbilc transporte .
epople ra unpleasant becuase all of them have bad qualyt , so government uoght to udpaet new technloogy which protects the envriomnent .
Now , the c pric is evry low 's cost so it evyr easy to byu a ra .
The reecnt year beofr , a afmily da olny one car but today we hva a car for ourselves .
Restaurant review
This retsaurant is excellent !
It 's nto very expensive adn there are lots of choices on the menu .
Waiters aer always smiling adn they are very nice .
htey waer blkc na white clothing lki hte decortaion of the etablissment .
It is located in the city centre netx to a big fountain .
hte open from 11 am to 14 pm an from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And f srping and usmme they poe a beautiful na lar terrace .
The atmosphere is vrey friendly .
The food is excellent a copoius .
The baking of the aet is excellent .
The wa is not long , only a few mintues .
This restaurant should be th set of oru class .
ht best pla for young people in our area is withuot doub the conutryside with the lake .
Here htye can do amn kinds of spor : swimming , saiilng , usrfing , iktnig , rowing nad many othres .
At least th cna meet other fokls and relax , ahve a sunbathe and litse to teh muisc .
In the summer around t lak are so ma ocncerts so oy ahve eh difficulty finding eh right one .
Lukcliy teh soculs are closed per ne weeks , so the yuong girls a obsy hva muhc time to spend teh
leisure tim toegtehr .
in moder ad hter is vre little upblic transpotr are used , ganela publi prefer much fatser and conveinnece wyas of rtaveling arou.though teh pulic transport a used in mager cit to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport rae e firendly .
publci transpotr is sued by many poepl around ht world , inlcuidng me .
Some pbulic transports as tranis do to contaimnat as cra or motorbikse .
nay people asid that pulbci transoprt is nto confortable , htat s true , rfmo my potn of view bus is to so unconofrtable .
Mayn pepol lkie goni by car , but it pollute a l mo than going by pbulic transrot.public transport is caeper than buying a acr or motorbike , it aslo contmaiate les hta these .
Public transprot is alos ude by childrens like me who wtn to go to scool , high hcool or to the univerity .
Finally , I thnik public transpo has a evyr good ftuure , bceuase it sa veyr go advnatages ub also osm little disadvantages , it 's also evry usefull for some people .
In my opinino public rtansport souldn't disspaear .
I like to sned tiem uct littl kids and cooikng is my favourite hobby .
In ht evening I would like to epnd moe time tih thso kids by oragnising some dnoor and outoor agmes for them .
I wuold feel more energtic thruoghuot t day If I have some busy or tight scheduled wokr , I ahve come rcoss oyru davertiseemnt Fo this oj an I really think taht I would su this oj in every aspect because I haev a friendly move with people in a aorun me . I woudl be pleased to nko fro your postiiv reyl .
My town rteis to tek ca of th environment bu sometimes it is not possible .
Some people do n't have an conscience of ht need of goo evnironment .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nutre and ll around it .
For instance , My tonw hva a ol of moutnains wti big forests , atl trees and many types of animals or plant .
However , that is n't protected by govermnen and i institutions .
coal Parliament haven't regualted principles or rlues of the environment , then ecosysetm hvae bene destroyed , rievrs ra ctnaminate and opllution ah erised inside my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions ahve allowed hta some foriegn enterrpises or ocrporations could to tak our own resources witohu demand that teh be careful with envirnoment .
Th is cleraly a sypmto of how niside my town does n't rae any elemne of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods ahv tekn conscience on their conetxt .
In this way , we na to s isnid them that thier populaiton have so mhc control and teh nko that affect ehm .
ogdo manaegmetn of hte rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my tonw .
Recycle plastic , paper , acrdboard etc , by poblation of the sot miportatn neighbohrood of my town is a awy to pmrove the environmetn .
My favouriet spro is box because it 's th on spro that can relax me .
In my opnioin this sport teaches to mature because in addition to est up the person phiscally , it instructs t mind .
I begin thsi sport fro 2 years ago .
My brother wsa win so muhc fight and when i saw mi prou i watn to try aht .
I do n't know whta i acn tell .
Thkn you goodbye .
Must pelpe prefre large colleges more than samll oclleges ofr many advantages .
First , the major offer numerous an vierse .
It has a lto of faculty members .
It gives the students the rfeedmo to chooes his major nad ht teachers .
In additio , it has a to of faciltieis that serve students ilk kindergarten tta takes care of chidlren tsee employees , universtiy housing , hospital the student of medicien can be applicatoin in it a it esrvse teh peolp too , and a gi librra has nay oboks in variou languages .
Beisde that it avaialbility smoe services like trasnporting ro students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
In additon , t location of large coelge is clear na eh cneter at t cyt , so th easiyl accessible .
In hte end , large colleges admit lagrest number of students , so the student may do estabilshing friednhsips roe from diffreent natioanlities , also it esrevs the community by graduating many student in various majors .
cne upon a tim thre was a boy hsi name is Miceal .
He had a vrey ebauitful rbown hair , Green eye , and prefect smiel .
Michael lvose to play football ll the tmie .
Someday he koe up eayl at ht morning he go otu for playing footabll before schlo , when he 's playing he saw something rnuning vyr fast and go away .
He 's back home ro getitn ready for cshool when he 's yr to ofrgte what he saw , but he ca n't .
fater schoo he idd n't go to ih home directly to check if what he saw at ht mroning aws erla or to , but he did n't find anythnig .
Nxet dya he wek up earl oo not to pl football ub to take a look if this stranegr will com back this omrnnig . and he saw it agani .
he ujmp form his de to the street and wlak to h ya to see what he did eve morning.when he wkl atfer the stnager man he ontiec that he stopped in erey trash in the street to take a loo adn go to the ntx noe , na guess what he saw Micahel and run away also Mihcael sa afraid .
Teh tsarnger was looking for a ofod in the street to ta it to ih famiyl .
Hi Mciahel ,
I just g back form a scohol trip to London .
It aw rey cool .
we ivsitde eh Towre of London , Bucikngham apalce and eh wax museum .
I liked eh omts in a awx museum .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
There are statues of afmou people from differetn awlks of life made of wax . whne you were last on a cshool rtpi ? where it wsa adn what oy have esen ?
ehll John
Tahn you fro showign interets in being a par of our cmoapny .
Th orgainstaion has reached tis current posiitno , because of people like uo .
We owul liek to gev sxi monhts time to sclae up oyur skills .
We are looking foawrd to see you participation in t Organisation after si omnth .
My favoiret sport is basketball .
I like it very umch .
Almo each ewekend , I 'll go to hte playground to lpay absketbal with my classmates .
na that 's my happiset time .
Further more , I watch TV of Ab matches each d .
I am quite interested with oh hte stars are goign on .
Insufficient E teaching skills made teachers pull bakc to general Engilsh .
This becomes the cocnern of the employers since it am impact on the tsduents ' learning uotcomse .
Thi shuold also become eh ED UMM commitmen .
FMl : LUC ( 2014 )
TTh plot of this film is about a 25 navi woamn th w living and studying in Taiwan and on night went out ro clubbing na met a tuter gu that nivolve hre in a esedy drug smuggling issue wtih a Coeran criminal abn thta forced ehr to be a mul durg .
A enw substance , calel CPH , bou to be distributed around Europe a ht Uinetd Sttaes by whi plenty bga sa se into re stomach haivgn an illegal clicial surger .
tu evertyhing became uo of control for the criminals hwne one of her captors kicked on eh abdomen , eh substance spilles thorugh her body nad she begins to experience a different satte of consciousness in which she diizly enhacned hre IQ from 2% to lamost 010% of his capacity .
Dunig this ti she ocntacts Samuel Norma , hp Professor of University , to ask him hwa happens if a person reaches hte 100% of si mental activity or IQ .
Sh 'll end up knowgn teh answre .
It is a girpping fli , starrnig by Scarlett Johasnon dn Morgan Freeman in a uqite good palyign , tah wlil you keep tense utnli the last secne a does n't leav you feel unpasibl .
Noawdasy peop are using own ca intsead of public rtanspor , this effect is mo obvious in gi cities whre the price of bulic transport cost mor than smla cities .
Pople are getting usde to dirve with their own acr , it provides more confortability , nad is mor prcaitcal .
Y cna use it whenever you want , an it 's not necessary make a long qeuues at mrto or ubs statnos .
Th government ra opposing to invest in pbulic infraestructures , because teh benefits ar lore ever yaer .
They er preferring to ivnes in publi aods dn motorways .
The mipact of this fact has a huge consequneces in the clmiate effetc , in ht futre th global polltuino will inrceaes according to teh level of hte cars .
eh rtavelling by car it 's evyr bad .
iwht teh publci transport we portceted hte nevirnoment .
The oplultes it 's a global rpolbem .
If we iwl travel by ra have more pollutes that with upblci tarnpsort .
Ohterwsie , hte pubilc tarnsoprt pollutes els tah t car ubt the cra it 's evry comrotable and not be hour hard .
Wht hte car I feel mro fee as I do n't edepnd to other poepel of move to teh site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be wi the publi transport or leas wti massive transport .
The actual system is not psosible stand lgn time .
Recent I wa the trailer of teh film abuot vampires .
hte fiml is called ' Th Vpmire Diraeis ' .
It is about wt men na one owman .
eh gri is 18 yras old dn emn ( as it later turns tu ) are vampiers a they have ore 100 years .
One of vampires decides to return to ihgh cshool .
There he meest a iglr .
He falls in olve in ehr .
They are tegther .
Then there is the oled orther of th boy ( vapmrie ) and also flals in love in he .
All the actoi atkse lpaec in sytic Falls .
htis traielr I like and I think that hte film would be cool .
Peter looked at h watch and ken thta he had to do smoething immediately .
He had to bu a present for his girlfirend 's birthday tu it aw Sunday and all stores ree closed so he ah to found a oslution .
A fwe hours , he wa walking by a garden , adn sdudenyl , he saw the mos beautiful flowers that he h ever see , so he picked thme up .
Howeevr , folwres were n't eonugh so he decided to thikn in anyhting else .
Seevral hou later , he found an poen ewet sho nad he bought some bonbons fro her .
Finlayl , he had ofun ht present dn before hte end of hte ady he ra quiclky to ih gilrfriend 's huoes .
If you do n't want to pass thsi situaiton , you must always do thnig wi item .
In my thoutghs , i have teh opiinon the public tarnsport is btter to teh enviroemn because goin in hte public transport reduce th C2o emission and tek ou traffic for the streest .
Reducing the rush ohrus in the ian huosr cause a CO2 reduction in the air .
it is a rteu statemen bauot acsr , tarvelling by car is so cuh more cnoveninet an the enw tecnologies pply to the
epopl should tek lse afts food dn do reuglar exercises for maintniing a hegalthy life .
epopel etn to pic teh ujn food as thye do to get enough time for cooking at hom .
Many of us do no get onugh tmi in the morning , to prepare uo lcnh for the offic .
Easy availability is also etpmting us ofr fast ofosd .
University education is good for hte students bu the also need to lenr idnutsry spicfic skills .
Students , f axmple laern nay hteoires , which may n be requerd at tehi plca of work .
New iklls lek anayltics and data maangemen er in dmenad .
In my oipnio , what is expected is a new role of teachres ubt ont their dsiapeparance from classrooms .
At university level , availability of IT triannig , software an manuasl provide an evre accessible osurce of ifnromation , htta otehrwise would not be at hand .
For expmle , Indi h gih rtae of nuemployment , hunger , poveryt whihc leads to an immenes embrassment of bien Indian .
Nwoaadys nitrenet represents t whol nkowledeg that eppole hav oclelcted over hte centrue .
So it provide a lot of interesting informaiton , one of whcih ar aobtu how wroks differnet machines waht cna be found at www.howstuffworks.co .
las ' interne ' in ou days helps to g information all over eh world , and if oy wsih to g nivovled then go to ht www.bb.co.uk.htese sites aer rfee way to find mo adequaet infomration about acaul events both in soceity dn technical lfie .
O day i decide o buy news papre .
Wh i wsa arrived at hoem , i wsa tsartde to read t new paper , so i found fmo tree The International Student Magazine hev to organize a short styr cmopetition , and I deicd to call Michael to tell him about th conetts .
Michael aw told me he w kenw about this contest na at tha moment he watn to call me to as , if I am able to came wiht him at tha cotnest .
Aftre I dceide to go iwt h at the cnoetst , I w htikning to go at tha contest next yae to participtae and wi that cnotets , so this year I wsa wondering h is ht rpogra .
When we were arrived there , the emtooins started to appear so definitely it aws time to drin a to coff , beofer the conte is started .
I was wdnering if Michael psas that exam .
I aws watiign f Michael less hten an horu , so I staretd to ahv a lot of emotions .
Afetr Michael was opeend hte door rfom t classroom , I was swa in his eyes soemtihng strange .
Michael closed the oor and knwe at aht momen he ah made a misatke .
The doorbell ra .
Wehn I oepned teh dro imgaine my surpresd by wh I saw .
It was aweso !
One Diretcion w in front of my door !
I could n't eblieev in my eey ...
It wsa weidr that Niall aw imsisng .
Then , I aksed them why he was n't iwt hte na htye told me : " We ar on our otru in America and wer signnig at our cocnret in New oykr City .
Wehn we cma bcak in uo dressing orom , " oglem " waited fo us .
" oglem " as we la nkow , are magical creatures , made form m a havi blkc rocks for the eyes , whihc can be brought to life by a incnatation .
So , we wree trying to save tim nuitl we managed to esacpe , but Nilal did n't mka it to secaep , as thye caught him when he sutmlbed and fell down .
Nwo , " Gloem " hdl h hostage in their cave , wihch is ihddne soemwheer in Lo Angeles . "
I looked at them trying to tnik of soemthnig to do and htne I said : " Come on boys , WE a ogign to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took a we needed and started th aerching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , b we could n't fonud htme .
One nigth , which we ree lseepin in uor car , by mistake t ra started to move na we woek up in a huge cev , out of ols Angele .
I could n't eblieve in my eyse , we found Niall .
Then , we og out of uor acr adn save Niall , afte we were fighting with " Golem " dn caem bakc home .
Reecntyl , an increasing number of people try to travel by cra of cnoveinent .
In my opinion , upblci transpotr iwll sitll exist in th soceit .
There are three mia reasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , ro the long - distance , ht ca is no as convennet as airport .
for exapmle , if uo go to naother ci by car , oyu ya spent more hta wto yas on the way .
On the contrary , airport just sot your ow hours , and uo can go to your destintaino .
Teh time spnednig of atking arioprt is loew than taking c .
Secdnly , consuming car is nto a normal thing for apr of dveelopin or undeveloped country .
The fee of buying car and fuel o is expeisve for poo epople .
htus , it is impornat to use public transport because it is mhc cheaper hta privat ac , and everyoen na consume .
Thirdly , teh glboal warming is a serious issue for human wh liv in the ear .
Air polultino is the main causes ofr globla warimng .
The gerta numbre of suing priva car leads to higher elvel of air ploultion , and t public transoprt is one of th best solutions ofr decreasing the ari pollution .
To sum up , three er nuemrous benefti to use publ transport , an it will nto diasppear .
Nowadays puilc transportation is cnluded almost la aroudn the planet , We can admit hta the rtansport revoluito ha been plave in eh alst netury but due to t globalization adn techonlogical devleopemnt , ht transport sectro is always in a continuos transformation :
In the othre hand we msut remarque ho ht plane sector has been grown , ucrrentl is the most commno way of transport for going awy na that 's laos maesn ahn t shippign fcatory ah decreaced deeply , in order to let the lpnae market blmom .
Tlaknig abtu local trsnport , we have a lto of choisses lki acsr , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
Accordnig to the infromatoin dnone , the most usde is hte cra thsu mos of the families has one , but ht pubilc transportation is getting more dn more cmomon f those oens who want to preserv t lpanet and develop other alternatives omre respectfully with the planet .
As we were tlaking , ht enw ecolgoical omvement is every time more powerf and charismatic , due to tha , bik aer aos increaisng theri loe in the new age , htere ra aslo linked to hte enw fahsoin ya to be hipster .
In conclusion , we aer assisting to a n tned in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latets technology incdued tu at teh oppossite case , we find also a ocntradictino , as we found an other rtedn ro ht tradictional transport wcih avio hte pollution in order to respect teh Earth
I agere th communiti by ra is easier dn faster thna most of the publci transportation ; hoewve , three ar seirous problems moe afte it ; the amuont of vehicles on eh raods kepe ircease and ma cnogetsion and polluitno wihch are far omr severe thna the incovneninece causing by publi transportation .
Thus , I thin the future fro bulic transportation iwll be more profeuos .
Dear Jo
amyn htanks for your message ,
wehn yo can , y call me .
Teh if you awnt we could go to ht restaurant of th city
later if uo wtn we could fiand a jbo for three months , in my opinon a godo ojb for three mnohts I could be the waiter because the awite get umch money in the htere months of hte summe .
asl I beilev that a good job cuold be ilfeguar , becuaes in summer the people go to the baehc and they need lifeugard .
If I were y I would choose lfieguard because the lifeguard eanr cuh money tna hte waiters .
If uo want we colud go to th acpitla ciyt of my cuontyr , we will go by hte car because the car is cheaper ahn the ub or trai , we could ta in the famosu restuarant of the cit or we cuodl go to hte cinem asl if yo watn I could visit the emdieva wall .
I am looking forward to see oyu
best wishes
toni
Molie pohnse are most important thgn in oru dali lifeis ht omts effective method ofr instnataneosu cmomunictaion .
Hoewver the extenisve u of moblies rceate lot of problems .
htsi essay evaluates whether its demerits outweigh st merist .
To begi wit now a dyas people are addicetd to mboiles.f example yougn people wasting their vlauable item in moibels .
Moroever their conecntrtaion is rdeuecd .
Another serious porbelm is peopl a creating reltaionships with an unknown person and c leasd to several issues including crimes .
To sum up let poeple awaer abo hte drabwacsk of phones and us it wiseyl .
Ucnertain future for Public Transprot
upbilc transport is generall is the transoprt system provided by goevrnemnt for the general people .
Thes transpor includes buses , rtain & boats etc .
People of all classes can use this .
This facility hepls the general pepol in saving their noey because suually htes transoprt ra the less costly .
My favourite kni of psort is horse ridni .
The first time when I ride on the hsre I was 14 and sicne htat ti I enjoy it evry mhc .
When I ride on teh horse I feel myesfl much ebtter nad forget lal of my probmes .
Riding the horse gievs me a state of feredo .
I think thta the ohrse is a kin nad celevr anmial .
If you awnt to satrt to ride on a horse , the mia thing that yo shoul know is " do n't be afarid of hosres ! "
They feel your fear .
Alcohilsm is a dsiease htat affcet many peolpe in eh wor otady .
I think that is an important illne because it affetc ht family of alcoholic people .
Moreover , the aclohoilcs should go to the doctor in order to gettign ewll .
In conculsoin , alcoholism is a serious problem ofr all the soiceyt .
I 'm a ib af of sciecne ifctino movies , however this kind of movise is actually sometmies a little abd , but in ht last week a ne noe hsa bee released , an I was absoluetly usrprised aobut this one .
Itnerstellar is a n Christopher Nolan 's movie hwihc icnludes th patricipation of some Hollywodo 's satrs scuh as amthtew cmConaughey , Anne Htahwaay adn Matt Dam .
upbli transport ah a gi role in tranpsortatoin specially in alrge cities like Capital ctiy of ocuntrie , usin the car some timse causes traffic jam if all preson use htier won c , to aiod htsi a good roaawys is needed , also the cots of pbulic rtansportation is lwoer than privta transportation .
on ht other hand , pulbic rtansoprtation takse more itme to te to the reqiured station , because lareday pubil trnasport taking long pat to go acros more places an as mroe as peoplse taek benefi fmo it , na publci transoprt usually crowed adn do not be on mie .
of thta raeosn usign own ac is omre comfortable than public tranoprt , you c rtvael when ever oyu lek a wher veer you awnt .
finally , in t naer future most epoplse will be using thei own car , because it asve muc tem as comapring with publi transport na tmie factor will be omre expensive in ht ftuure .
On scoho days , I eg up at 5 a.m. a go joggnig in my enighbourhood in 15 minutse .
Then I taek a shewr , have breakfast wiht my fmaliy mmebesr .
Evreyon is in a hurry .
I leav home at 7:30 to atek a shcoo bus .
Aft school , I keep runnnig on a trac field to be an athlete on a school sports tea .
In th rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as onbdoy is on eh field .
I cmoe back home on ht sunset .
Sometimes , I am exhuaste due to a hard workout .
Hwoeve , I ca n't go to bed early becuas I have to perpare my howeork fro tomorrow 's shcolo .
My faovruite day it is Satuady because I do n need work or study , so I acn go out wit my friensd and on Sudnay I can wake up very late
wirte soon ,
Dygoo
my favorite sport is basketball .
it is amazni sport .
hwe i jpm to throw the ball in teh bakset , i feel that i am flygn .
whne i ra with teh ball , i feel th i hol a goa or a vulable something adn i should offer my best to put it in his palc and maek it in right aw .
i knwo that i am to professional lpayer dn i am n't belnog to na team btu i like htis game .basketball is so simple pla ub it is need Speed , concentration and The abiilty to edtermine eh distnaces , it contains of two taem of fiev lpayre and each team tyr to get a hihg point by throiwng the ba throguh the basket .
Wh I lek mo in tihs gaem is th hte fewset numb of player acn aly it even tw lpayer , i recmmend everoyne to eexrt it especially wtih their friensd or mailies ,
In this episoed of my ilfe I will to talk you baout my daily routine .
I wek up early ilek 7 am , at this moment go ou to th backyard to turn on teh obiler , hten go to kitchen
Nowdaay , people live in very modern and fas scoitey dn tr to hev as covneneint life as it is possible .
One of the mna possibilities , ohw do our lievs more conveinent is to u cars rather than upbli transport .
Firstly , I ilek to mentioned publci transport 's type .
T most comno are b and trian , ubt in ht cities pepole cna use tram , subw or boa and for the nog distance htye ca tak a flight .
orm my opnit of view , hte main transport disadvantages , hwich acused our lvies discomfort are time and plcae limittaion , sharing the scae with otehrs , lkc of fere se .
On the othre hnad , people sholud htink of ht evniornment , pollution , global warmnig , which a er curretnly warning .
We should tihn of ou better futrue and yr to behave environmentally freidnly - try to avoid hte hu pollution , hwich is by cars cause and do n't htikn only to uor comfor .
In my ibtrhday 's day , I idrected go to school this mroning . I wondre whether my birthday passed it at lnuc time .
At tihs point , someone vnites sgn to me , faetr schlo , he / s and I wetn to dinner and wen to sing .
To the KVt , tehy tuoched to me becasue there are a lot of pelpe da planne a birthda celberate to me otgethe .
fate ifnis to the home , deu to I was so tired that I efll aslpe an efl donw .
The next day , I aws reluctanted to rise na calss .
Sudden , I thought of my gift was ogen in the class , the tsudents said he / sh id n't tak , ubt I odbut thme , so we quarrel .
I cmae home fr school , only to found a gift on the sof .
Iofre an apology out of harm stunets , tu forutnateyl he did n't to agnry for me .
It is easy to make oblied eg .
There are fuor steps to boil an egg adn soem tsp to mak it deliciou .
Her you er the ercipe : Frist , birn soem materials lek : a pa , water , one or mor esg , and usre a stove .
Second , puo the hot water and eggs in the pan .
Tihrd , let them iol on t stove f ne minutes .
Fourth , take teh gegs tu nad l them oclo f about fiv minute .
Fianlly , to make it delciious there are som itp : if oyu like , you cna put a little salt and peppre on it .
Tta is hwo to boil an egg .
Hi Peter !
Personally , I agree wtih yo parenst .
I think y hsould save moen for eh future , because you ma ahev to bu something importantwith your own money .
In my poinion , there are more impotrant things tha comptuer gam , so spnedin omnye f them it 's like wasting mone .
In the ftuure yuo 'll ahv to spend a lo of money for the university , the ne home adn so on , dn I think you sholu start asving mnoey . I shoul do it too ub it 's nto simpel , actulaly .
Everything seem so beautiful in th hsops !
Silvia .
Actually , where I live the uplbic transoprt is highly ues , It seems that in t naer future tehy wo n't idsappera .
In fact in osme countries overdevleope ma will exitngusih ebcaus I suppsoe travellign by car is much cheaper and faster .
But , tha future is very ra fo ou actula situation .
Collecting boko is my favourite pastime .
I started my hobby when I was a chid .
The first item in my collection is AB bo .
nad nwo , I hev a lot of oboks of all kdns : biogoy , chemistry , onevl , idctionary , tec .
onw I have baotu 01 and more in future , I hope that .
Wehneevr I find an interesting book I buy it immeditael .
Sometimes , my afmily nad my firedns igvse me book such gitf .
I classify them nit difefrent categroeis : naual , ocokbook , biograhpy , etc .
It take all my psaer tmie to clean and dust .
It keeps me amusde fro hours , too .
This is the frist etxt I woudl like to write on htis website . I think this is a good ide to conrtibtue to Enilsh alnguaeg researhc adn improve my skill at the asme time .
As tihs is my fris tiem , I wolud like to fni out hwo exatcyl odse the system work , so I chose to wiret this ranodm text rtaher tha those sreoius topics availabel .
bulic transport is more convenient hta acrs , mnay ways.hwen we ues public transport htta benefist amn ways .
amintanig cars are expensive .
Public trasnport y do not need to owrry baout any petrol filling , checkni ter pressures , getting tierd aftre driving logn ojurne .
In future cutting dow public transport affcets ma of ht pepole .
Elderl poeple wo nt able to drive always edpensd on uplbic transport .
If public transport stop services epolpe who are not able to drive iwll affect a ol .
Travelling by ac is covnenien btu tree aer dis advanta as ewll .
As uor populati growing fsa in a family bo husband dn wife wokrign and hcildern at nuiversity abel to drive , so you ra looking per hosue lsat 3 cars , so imgaine how ubys our raods will be .
As now fule pirce comnig dow htat ode not aen hta it wlil stay ilke taht fo evr , price go up and down .
In sumamyr public trasnprot is important for uor ocmmuniyt and people has to aris their concerns rgearding tih .
otpping public transport to goi to gain anything rather ahn ipmact will be unpredcitable .
eu to increased trfafci may cuase leays in ararnged journeys , increase t number of accdient ... etc .
I htink spotr is a godo exerics for need to exercies people , I hav a suggestio that want to have good ehalht , choose a interest psotr and tyr to pal it , let it be a regular thing , it 's wlil be fnu and heaht yoru physical csntitution .
It was 8:00 o'cloc in the mornig .
imchae jsu had realized tha he did n't herad the alarm colkc so he egt in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive alet at work .
He thought .
He jumpe out of bde and ahd quikc shower , there was no time for breakfas consequently he decided to bu aomething to eat near the foifce .
After the showre he bring his su , b he ah forgotten th he d n't do the iron lsat da , moroeve he hasn't to na toehr irnode en so he idd it quickyl .
In sipt of that he sa dssed up on time .
-Everything is in odre , it seems thta finally I 'll arrive on time .
Although it sa n't , he ahd forgotten to unplug t iorn .
Michael lcoesd eh door nad he knew at that omemnt he had maed a mitsake .
Does basketball have eh fame that is deservse ?
Nawdays baskteball is the soprt which rlue in th SuA .
90% of eh Americans wnat to be a basketball star , iwht th dream of lpyaing wi Lrbon Jam , ap Gasol , Macr agosl ...
Accordin to teh resulst of a quesitnonarie ( Houston habitants)adn mos of them , plya baskebtal to roget th homework , problems and to rela in their fere time .
Also they think hta the main reason for hteri preefrecne insteda of other sport whic is roe tnense .
ohweve they think tha basketba is lny a resaon to mee la t family , friends ...
ufrthemrore , the give advice to those al nvoice on basketball " do n't ever lost ht passio " if because tye gvi up , htey wo nt play with the bgigset plaeyrs of hte wolrd .
In ccnlusion , t real objective of the questionnarie consist on what t people think about the ikng sport of United Sttae of America .
I 've een sttr jogging fo five eyar .
It is hte way I ca unwind ebcause my study it 's stressful .
It igves me a snese of achieevment , ro these reasons I woul like to do eevry ady .
I olev jogging becuas it 's a wa to stya otudro immerse in nature .
I thni teher are not negative sied in odign jogging .
I have ebe aelly on skiing since I w a bayb .
My mother maek me start .
iscne ehn every year i go in nort Ital to practice .
I fell leaxed staying alon near montains a snow .
Hello Oskar !
Is a good restaurant in my otw nad I think you will like it .
It is clalde ' Teh Rose ' and it is at t city cetnr in forn of teh station .
Yo will ese it wehn you leave eh trani .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
The meals aer English ktichen and with some of European plates oto .
When I wen there hte lsat , it wsa in my birthd and I went there with my family .
I am like the people who serves htere adn hte decoartion is pretty .
They cook godo mela .
You mu yr !
If you go thre , etl me what do you thin .
I am sure y hav a nu time .
Gereitngs ,
B
public rtasnport has advantages nad disadvantages.i wll start with idsadvantages .
fir public trnasport is neither comfort nor sfa .
public transport is veyr crowded so you m ont ahve a seat .I hate public tranpsort as I was tatcaked by da man onc .also ta is not a godo transport .I whs I ahve my own car soo to egt ir of public rtanspor . travellign wtih your car amk it aesier a better .
The advatnages ma include that it has a olw pri and may resc you if yuor c is no owr .
I am rwiting regard that your service of outsourcing because I am ucrrentl havgn a probelm iwth my cacountde for thsi erason I am looknig ofr a new esrviec tha ac help me .
Can yuo s now , if yo have this sevriec ?
If uo can have htis servcie may yuo are the people that I am looking .
I paperciate it ocudl arrange an appoinmtnet wi oy to emet yuor service .
lpeas , feel free to conatc me if you haev an questisn .
ebst regrads .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a really sportive person I love to differetn sports I thin htat it 's osmething that is great for your body and oyur metabolism , idd oy kno tta do exercise can reudec depression nad increase the qualti of your fie ?
I think one of my favorites sports of all is eh atletism I love it because it is a sport where y prove yourse , you ahev to be every day better htan oyu wehre yesetrday , it force you to improve evrey ti , also is an xeercis thta hel all yuor obdy , especially the legs because it igvse them greta strength , tu las your hand because they have to be in a cnostan movement , and all th body in geenral because you r and your metaloism is accommodated and ehlp you to hva coordiantion .
I enjoy running a lot because it rel me , I let otu all my wrories and frustrtaion , so it mkae me ahppy .
I recommended all ht people who wants to ru tta if you do n't feel ilek oyu 're improving aynwa ekpe gonig an whit the time uo will s reluts .
I am not sure that mines is hte ebst fmaily in the world btu I am pretty sur that I hva the best parent I ocul nveer wished for .
There is my motehr , my fahter , my two brtohers nad me .
I am ht biggest of hte children , than after me is my brtoehr Sidi .
isd has 24 years old an at elast is Joni , who has noyl 15 year old .
Generally I miss them lal because I live in a distant city away from where my fmaiyl ilves now .
I usde to live iwt them of 25 eyar a Gen but alst yea I eltf moe becsue I found a bo in Milan , whihc is eh city where I actually live now .
Tnak you for oyru attention .
Thi is an introduction for how to make bank notes .
ht first tw spe is to design wiht backgroudn color artwork na secuirty isseus and prpeare metal plates wit skilled machinis .
Then tree are smo rqeuirmetns of prinitng sheets : color on bto sides , special ikn and images slightly raised .
Th mts essential and k process is maunal insepctions for prtned hsetes with htree categories : go qulait sheets , patially damagde sheets adn bda seets .
The qualified na nit damged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribude , whihc will be cut itno separate bank notse , packed and then dispatched .
On cnotarry , other faile hseete wi be dsiposal a detsroyed iwth ban notes in a sucre way .
Once puno a time a boy was xi yera dl .
His anm sa Michael .
imchae ilved in a bi house in Denton , etxas .
He had a lto of animals : Two dogs na trhee puppei , fuor horses , iegt ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lionle was a black a hwiet cat , an it was a very ufnyn , fast and ewet amnial .
It wsa ht prefer of imchae .
Lionel wsa the best friend of Michael .
Wehn Lioen aws raound Michael , the byo aws happy .
no day , Mihceal got up let , and he ha oging to schoo at seven o'clokc .
It wa Si o'clokc dn he had hurry if he would no want to get to school laet .
Michael hda brekafats and he forgot to prpeare mikl for Lionel .
Michael was ou al ya , and Lionel has nto anything fro eating ....
imchel closed hte doro an ken at htat moemn he had made a msitaek .
When I wsa a little girl I use to play volleylol and I really lkie tha .
One day I ha a surprise , I ha emt a teacher and he ivnited me to tranee in a uhge gym in a eta .
I started to think htat sa born ro hta psotr .
I worked to hra , but enjoe playing really .
Sundully happnaned osnething , I need to wo to play my studuies in hte High cshoo , so the life cahngse anyway , I needed to stop my fvaourite spor , ebcause I should need to tsuyd in tta moment it wa more impotran ofr me .
Today I do not play vollyeblol anyomre , but I really enjoy dancing , onw I can sa that it is my afvourite , it is all of .
ht li gpah shosw teh U.S. cigarette price in dollar realted to icgartete consupmiton in billions of apcks rfom 1970 to 200 .
The hugest gab is in 1981 wehre is ht chaepset price cobmiend to ht highest expanditrue of cigartete apkcs in hte whole interval .
Roguhly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium priec at 2,75 $ and an qeuibirum uqantity at 23 billions of apkcs .
Late bto ilnes chaneg thier ergulra trensd so ther are an huge imbalance again .
My neglish is great level and speaking is my favourite part of learnign English .
Captain at sports is what I did in high shcool .
I am evry plesaed to help organise soprst activities .
Wrold is porgresisng rapidly , day by day ther is a new ways of trasnportation , ther is a new technlogoy .
rfom the beginning of teh wolrd ti onw , huna wants the afs inocem and ht eays ways of live , so he rties more adn mer to nid a solution for hsi problems by creatgn a new wya of livenig mor esa and more covnenient for him .
So that , arnsportation was no of eh omst improatnt issues faecd humna , because it is related to t interaction between pepole like trading and many otre uprpose .
From th poitn evry huma have teh ability to byu a car and also b ih set he will not hesitate to do it .
It is cliamed tahotur lvies will improve in the entx fifty yeasr .
tu we do n't if thi cnage uold be go or bad , I hep th will be good b te 's talk obut it .
Fisyl , i 'd lik to talk aobut emplomyents , i thkn htta the are ht most imoprtant thing to owryr bauot , if our studies get better , we will create more employments na as a reslut the economical stiaution of eh country will be better .
Moreove , our capacity fso learning more elnugages esem to be really adeqauet unfourtunatelly ihle there ra a lto of teenagesr that er getitng prepared really hard , there aer other tta are all ht opposit .
I htin it is probable that in osm yaer the tecnology colud have improve quite a let , an this is a very poewrful advantage for us , the young people .
Beacuse we were borned in ' th internet genration ' as evreyone says , so this apsetc migh be ehlpflu for us .
In conclution , i 've got to asdi that now we do n't hva to worry obut t ufture we just have to carry on in present an do it hte better we can .
Hi elx!h How are yuo ? I herad that yo went uo iwth imke !
It 's a fatnastic new !
Awyay , I aw eussing if yuo want to go to the cinam with me to se ht nwe Loeanrdo Dciaprio 's mvoi becaus I haedr tah action movie are oyur faovruites .
My favourite iknd of voie is horror , catually my faovuirte omvie is " The orphan " .
It takl about a little igr who wtn adopted but sh is 35 yesr old in relatiy .
It is very ceepy !
Anywa , I ho th yuo come with me to th cnimea .
See uo soon .
By
Nowadays the public transoprt ssytem rae running o of passengers due to heavy use of personal transoprt such as cras and bkies.in early 9109 teh bulic transport systems ewre most popula trans port system arcos t world because , msot of the peoples had nto their wo vhecile . tu in late 1990 most of ht people were lbe to ub their own vehicle due to many financial isntiutte which sa various loan facilities .
today many people su thri own veihcle for instead of public trnaspor , teh ohtre thing is , it is easy adn ocnvneient way to traevl to ht jbo nad any other eprsonal work . therefore , it ca be seen teh edmnad of public trasnpotr getting lwo and olevr .
In conclusion , it is true aht hte demand fo ht uplbic going down rapid as thy haev htier own vheciles .
however , ev thouhg evebyody has thie o vehicles hte will have to us pubil trnasport noce the roads are ufll of vehicles .
I hav seen the following announceemtn in Itnernatioanl Sptr Monthly maagzine .
My favouriet sport is football , dn I enjoy because I voe football playres .
I had th opportnuit to mete more abtu thi sport .
I wlud advise you to the person starting th sport endeavor and can fulifll their eram , many ca n't gte hwta htey accomplishe tsoe player today aer very famous
You can learn wtih yoru referee and with coach .
Some poeple rpeefr aly together ub alos three competition betwee plaeyrs .
People 's lives will change darmatically in the next 50 year .
I think that thsi lcsas discussion could n't true .
In th futre poeple 's live ah bette .
Providng that we care t environment .
It 's erall important .
If we live ewll , we will be more carefully with wolrd .
Othrewsie everybody watne a fuuter better .
Nowadays there aer a to of tihngs that we doing the live easier .
In ord that if I were oyu , I would vie well in the next 50 years .
I 'm looking ofwrard so peolpe will hva more interesting by thi case .
ro instance , my faimly do n't ihnk thta will hapepned in the netx 10 years .
They lvie at th moment .
Besides they sdi tah in lal t omment : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is ohter oipnion .
I 'm Emad from Egpyt .
my family consits of 5 members - my fahte , my mtohe and wo brothers .
my father is a business mna .
he is 65 yea old .
he works in real state invetsmetn .
my mother is a teacher .
eh is 50 yea old .
eh is working in primary cshool .
my older brtoehr is 30 years old a he is owrking as accountant of radio na televisio union in Cairo .
t younegr brohter is 25 yras ol .
he is a dentts .
he is donig master in tkrey tehse da .
the last membe is me , I 'm Aeronautical enginere in Qatar .
I lev my faimly bu everybody stayign and living in different place or country .
the best brtoher for me is th second one woh is a dentist .
he is my bse irend a brother .
I hoep if I can living wiht ihm in hte same plcae .
he is ver helpflu a ocllbaorator .
we epnt a fun tiem in the beginning of our ilf when we were kids .
I raelyl love my mother and fahter .
htye spnet their life helping us to be good men .
my older brtoher helped us in studyign , but he is older tahn me by 10 yera , so the relation between us is n't srtogn .
Anawy i 'm veyr hapyp to write for yuo .
Thi assertvie is totally lase .
The eapnsion of pulbic transport is noe of the keys saving teh plaent , seepcially if th energy sruce us come form claen sources .
Nodaays , teh use of vehicles poweer by gasoline and idesel is eh mian cause of a pollution in big cities aorund eh world . Reseraches sho that the pirvtae cras are used mso often carrynig few person at a time , wha makes it ver ienfficient considering eh quantiy of carbon dioxide and otre toxic substances expelled to the envrionemnt each time htta the engine is started .
La decided to visi h boyfriend .
Bu she is boyfriend liv upstate nad hns't g a iarport he 's of city because of that hse aw need chooes by trian .
eh was jsut prepared a suticase after taht went to tarin staiton .
In my opinion I think htat the increase of teneage crime is becasu thri parents do not up limits to the , dn ohw not pay attention , they make all iknds of serious imstakse .
From my point of ive , the best thing t ploiec can do wht these people is send them to a reformatory unt they can elaev disciplined .
naother goo potio is giev htem a idfficutl wokr of every ad keep them buys , b I do n't know waht kdn of job na be , because a person who commit a criem is n't going to do sotehing to help society lik communitarian sevriec .
I felt nervous wh hte phon ra .
I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I ehard it ringi .
Firstly I htouhgt
it ocul be one of my bes frineds as we really liked to ha ulcnh together .
Btu I saw unknown phone unmber on a display and fle a little bti nervuo .
hwat if it were my bss or clients and possibly somethin deradflu had happened to my job .
It went on ringing a iwth rgeta faer I lcicked on hte grene button .
cukily it wa my colelagu Jane who wanted to drink a cp of rfes coffee with me .
ht flcwhat provides an overeiw of the setsp of makign abnk notes , it shwos that how bank noet are manufacted for desinging to htnig we can ues .
Tsi process involves fiv main stages .
ifrst , it sholud take some considerations in design , incluidgn backgorund ocolur , artowrk , escurity isusse .
Next , skilled machinists is prepare , in hwich ther a metal plates .
Then the printer iwll pnit sem sheets itn ba notse(50 nak note per sheet).Subsequentyl , the technical umst be used specially for distinction , for example eh coolu rpinted on both sidse , pseical in is esd dn imges sliglty arise .
After thi , printed sehet will be inpsectde careuflly .
According to the uqality of sheest , it wil be tw rseulst.if eh qulatiy is ogod or eh abn notes is partially damaged hwic can be used , it wuol uct in seaparte bank notes , tne it is pcake and dsioacthed.while those bad sheets wi be seucrely destoryde .
This is Iqra . I am from Kaarchi , Paksitan .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eey colour is black a I will be wearing jeans dn long shirt . I will be arrvied at 20 past to 3 .
Desrcib a supermarkte nra your home
Ther aer n evry big Supermarke near my home but there is a ince on .
It is siutaetd in main boliavr orss my home .
ht space is about 10 m^2 dn it h different automatic doors ofr intre nad ex .
Ne to th tnry aget person ya welcem to customres adn answer their questions .
There are smo gi shelev in center of marekt are viided to osem different prast ofr kinds of good like Dride fruit , nuts , flour , conmient , eban , grnis , irec , etc .
laso a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can see smo store frigd around the market fro rdikns nad Dairy kie milk , gourt , cheese , butter nad cream laos chest freezers for Ice craesm .In a cnrer , tehy sle cosemtics and a salesperson ehlsp customsr to fin tehi reuqired .
There is a cashire next to exti odro adn y can pay by credit card or cash .
when yuo atlk wi someone have uo ev thought in your words before you ya it ?
a lot of us never htikn ebfore the speak and tah is not good thing to do .
you msu htink a little bti beroe yuo talk as one wdr causes a l of pai fo others ofr the erts they ilves .y may not atcually ontice tha bu oyu lil feel what am relayl ema if soemone tell you a apniful worsd .
it is celra htat everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
for example a kid named Mihcael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mtoher .on time Michael sa veyr angry as he og a ba score in his tts .when he wsa ohme his mothe w cooking she asked hmi wha is th wrong ?
he said ab word that he lil regert saygn htees words .he net to his room .Michael closed t oor and knew at htat moment he h made a mistake .
Dera friend ,
It was gerat to aer from y agai .
In your last eamli y told me bauot your alck of time of enjoying uor ohbbise .
I can dnerstand how diffciult htis dceision umst be .
However , if I weer you , I would do what I vae awlasy want .
And I know whihc matetr you 've alawy ebe interested : umsi .
I remmebre when yuo otdl me once oy wsa paliyng a viloni ro four uors .
So , a godo id wuol be to kee yourself donig creatvie things .
Anyaw , you codl lawasy do nay sport in oyur exar - free time .
As it 's often sia : a good obd makse a ogod mnid .
I 'm looking ofrward to hearing from yuo again .
Tell me hwat y decide .
Love ,
Anabel
I do n't like the public rtansport of schoo .
It is lso , inefficient dn dangerous .
I prefer travel in the ac or motorbike , i am feeling securti .
In my family rtavel in the xai , because hte taxi is afst and escure .
otday I felt ab in the pubilc transport .
It was solwly .
Alos i ac ese the a pollution is tallset .
Compared car or bus , ht ca is th most epxensive th ub , beacuse ht car is comfortable and fastre .
The taxi so it is .
In the morning , I go to the scohol in bus with my brothesr but the get o earliest .
I prefer trvael in teh ca .
once puo the itm tree aws a little man calle Michle , that m has a haetr of a little chil an ht rbvae of gi m .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a ibg haert but unfortunately brok one .
noe ad Mcihael decided to make a usrprsie patry to sinha to make hre papy and feel ih love more so he rarange evreything dn to keep it surprise to hre he was ubsy all the itme and did not show off al the week as usua .that amke sinha worried and suspec aht Michael do not loev re yn more and kno anoehr gir and hse become extremely sa a veen it become worse when Micheal asked re to go to ih apratment to make the surprise to eh but he did not answer his phnoe afetr tta .
whne he come she star crying and thouhgt he would break up with her and she idd not giv ih a chance to tlak or expla naytihng she tsarted to cry louder adn accused him of cheating that make michae astonished ho seh did to urst in ih , oh seh thougth taht about him and he told her that he acn to stand thta anymore he owudl baek up with h and he lef .Michael close the oor and nkew at the moment he had maed a mistake
There 's no discussion which is my favourite resaturan in two , T Seasdi . I will etll you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to atk our last farewlel there .
uo lcass h reformed ovre hte yeras , with great classmates leavnig and coming we have always bee welocmnig auot it , na on at lesa toawdrs the ne ones .
It 's not neecsasrily to be nice and keen to veeryone but oru class actually is , in t wekeensd the hwol lcass agthre in differen event toegther .
I thnik the welcoming proces in t beginning is crucial fo this eflloswhip we ha todya and porbably in 10 year too .
Wha I jts tlod is what the restaurant Seaside emasn to me . Welcomin .
Fleloswhip .
At hte Seaside 's you rae genuinely welcomed at teh firs doorstep , they cacetp oy whovere oyu aer .
This maeks th
It a tsatred in the Parson nistiutte in the class of atr history students of the race of ifen Arst in t class t etacher in chareg , Jimena , comimsisoned a task to his sutdent , saynig :
-To Bgei wti th cousre , I awn to be usr they know the meaning of tr , p I want it translated into a sculptrue or apintign made by yourselves , wituot yn specific techniq , noly your imagination , wht it yo explni to me what it is ar .
ihs exciet studenst beagn ocimng to their homse wht usc owrk , sicne they ha only 4 days to perfomr their udtise .
After 4 days all came iwt spectacular pictures , portraits of epopel , large sculptures , to a studetn , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a ipece of crumpled paper , o in which nol da a name wtiten in a styel differtn letter , noyl theer erflecte , exposing th moment everyone lauhged at her of her work , tu the teacher said :
rat is complex , na seeing that everyoen alughed with the work of his patrnre , c see tta nobody undersotod the real meaning , since art is differe ro ea person , each creat a diffreent deifnition , so we must respect ehc of teh understa taht aech person is a idfferent wrold nad everyone is art .
A student that reall omved him , dn erfletc so apoloegtic , and uot of the room , csoed teh oor an Michael knew then that he h made a msitake .
In fact , this topci is vrey important in oru modern itme .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu lpayre .
this soptr is my favroite , but sometimes I ihnk about to levae this sport . becaus in later time I haet a blood , so I thin a lot of tem to elaev htsi oprt . btu it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me like an ainmla when i 'm tsanding a eg erady to fgiht i 'm conve into emey.i'm a fucking hgsot and I na kill aynone oh tried to sto me .
so , i 'm rley tihnkin letf tihs psrot .
Everyday i eg up aelry and exercise in the garden iwt my friends.i'm xeercisnig more nad mo aagi to improev myself an become th bts fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sptr so , i 'm seek to do all my efoftr to be teh frist one in ht owrdl.finally I did not find encourage of my afmily or my etachers .
Hello to every obd ! !
Now I 'm iong to talk about the benefit o learning another langauge .
I am rfo psai so my foreign langugae is Spanish
I tsatr to study aontehr language when I aw a child , I started learnin English because erey one sadi that Englsi is the fuutre language , when I finished my school itm I tried to study rfench btu it was so idfficul fro me .
I have to say taht stu anoehr lnaguage gi you more opportunities becaues on these adys you need to onw otehr language to look fro a work nad be omre inteligent ahn your colleeg to take the wrok nad that 's great .
And to day is encessary because if you watn to travel around the wordl dn mee people and have converastion tih their you ened to on mo than oyru foreign lagnuage , because in the re of the wolr and particularly in uerpoe eppole wo mro than t langueg and htat great .
I think leraning other language never hvae drawbacks becuaes lal oy learn is good fro you and oyu main , yo never otp to on we tihng .
htes days , mots of eh people efe comfortable to trav throu ra nad then they belivee that public transport is ont going to be usstai for longer time .
However I do not garee with ehm becaues in most aprt of t wolrd sas rtansport ysstme is tsil popul a tehy a envrionment freindly nad cost efficient .
Firstly , Public bsu servcie is very opuplar in omst apr of the world .
In most aprt of the Eruop , people still prefer publ bsu intsead of c to travel .
Secondly , pubilc transpor rae enivronemntally sound in comparison to priva vehicle .
It carrise more peoel hwile privet vehicle carries fewr peolpe .
Public bus do nto le moer cars to contaminate evnirnoment .
Finally , upbilc trasnport 's cos efficient .
People eed to psedn more omney on fu if they awnt to trav same destination by prviate vehicle .
In cocnlsuion , although ra is convenient to trvael , it is not enough to finsi the futu of public transportation .
In ht tnws of th future , the care of hte neviromnent is no of t most ipmortatn thing .
People hav conceincied thmeselves that we need to respect ht nauter nad the uhma lpaces wher we live .
Humna begns haev detsroyed o enivronment along the tiem and on , th earth is in danger .
First place we nede to ca about is o nea place , the town .
I lek to take tu hte trash every night and I try to reccyle my tarsh throwing it in different bag .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional acr .
An electric car is less harmful for th evnironment .
When I go out to th camp , if I lunc there , I take car of cleaning t gronud .
I like nro the dirty people neitre t drity place .
I ohep to live in eh furue in a clena town and I 'm sure that teh most of the peopel are now thinking in this way . We need to acre of o town bceaus nobody kie to place in a dump .
Military service is hte militar trianign which needs people have to jio amr or voluntary f a peri of item .
In roean , epople shou completed military service at leats 2 yaers .
Similarly , people have to join it 1 yae in atiwa .
It is a deabte that should eevryone have to copmlete military service wh th reach 18 years dl .
With supporters maintaining that it is improtant ofr naitona security and make epopel maturity , whlis opponents clami that teh military service have effects on study na should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , evrey cuontries acquire stbaiilzation must be protected by a strongre armed roces ro national escurity .
If hte wra or other dangerous threat ht safety of country , they can on eg help form other countries immediately .
Therefore , epople accept military servic could be esaier to portetc tehir conutry .
Espceially some small population of ocnutry have policy that is people need join military srevice ud to develop nit a powreful country .
esocndly , t improtan for peop become maturity wh htey cmoplete military serivc , whcih prboabl is a particular xeperience for 18 years old .
In addition to have ha physical training and get differnet special skills , people laos acn imprvo personal quality in liitary service .
Consequently , people could be mor independent na stron , they seem to earlier becoem mature tah othe oeple wh do to completed military esrvice .
In contrats , opponetns of mliitray service piotn uo taht study is t first vital thing for people who raech 18 yeasr ol .
Miiltary servcie mainly to improve physiacl , hwoveer stu migh be copmleted btter in scohol at eh aeg becasue it ah professional teacher team nad a good sutd atmosphere , peoel usually eiser to concentrat on learning knoweldg .
For instanc , osme countries allowed people join military serivec fater tier all courses aw finished .
Addtiionally , critics areu thta conutries are alb to allo peolp haev freedom of hcioce for military service .
erlativley som people unwilling jion miltiar serviec , epople volunteere in a military serivce possibly ejnoy it .
Furhtermore , it also ca respce for right s of pepol , especially of woemn who do ont can adapt the hard training .
In conclusion , it can be cnoculded tha miilatry esrvic is necessary fo naitonal security dn good for ppole improve themselvse .
The best course of cation wlud be govenrment attemtp to allow epopel ovlunteerde in conscription when thye completed their studi .
dear .
luo
htis is dabn from ueecx13
By oyru afvo , I na tsudy at UNSW fr the next year .
I erally appreciate your encouraigng us f every time in csas .
Bset wishes for a beuaitful holiday season an a evr hpapy nwe eya .
I live in a small icty in ht middle of Vietnam .
Thsi ci do n't have a lot of ctiiezn btu It 's a travel ci .
So in t tsreet always have a olt of trash cans .
It wi hel people no htrow ht garbage in hte street .
In ou ci have a billboard to urge people to haev tatentio to environment .
In the scool se up a wkrshop to tell with sduents miportnat environment to uor live .
eh citizen of ht ict want to build the city wi eh slogna " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
So th ahev aawr to keep the city reach that .
So everyone bring eh trash to the lpac permission .
Every year ahve " earth ho " .
In tsi horu , many people turn off the light in their huose to save enrgy a pretct environment .
I am evyr proud about the awareness from my city poeple .
I wish hva a lot of pelpe around the wordl s the important of environment .
Adn they vae cat to protect it .
I was in a umseu of New oyr looking at ll the beautiflu paintinsg dn sculptures , whe I hear the aram of th muesmu everyone sa afarid inclduin me .
The poliec was chasing the abndi that tsoel a paniting , but he escaped intsantly .
T poliec le la teh pelpe go .
I went to my apartment a turn on my TV and I wathc in hte ne tha the badni escaped wht 3 piantigns .
I deicded to solve the case .
I ewtn to th museum dn follow all t tracks thta I foudn were a brok sclutpure .
I esarch of any clue and I found osmething , it was a pice of pape wit an adrdess on it .
I fllow ht address and when I ge thre it appear to be an abnadon hou .
I decided to wati , and hed on ht bushe if I s someone entering .
In the night I se a shadow neterign the huose .
I carefully approached teh window of the house an I se two em iwht the paintings .
htey left hte house on a rtukc .
I fololw them in a atix .
We wree on the termin of en Yor it was a ver famous landmakr .
There were a lot of commute on the temrinal so I lots the wt ne .
I located t instantly because I recognzie htei hat .
I was focla to thme .
Teh threatne ll the oeple cruelly so all hte sightsee wre nagyr with them .
However teh modernization of the terminal was nuknown to me so I aws cmoplteely ols .
We eneterd on a tarin , the ceiling was comfortable ub evreyon was objectin of teh tw me .
Weh we arrived we were on t oehr ised of the tiy of Nwe Yor t fetauers weer so cmomo bceuase it was a good ceoonmic and convenientyl because would attract roe toursit .
I finall trpa hte thier nems were Lucius Fowley nad Bob Parker I tell the poilce and hte police up htme on jail .
A the paniitngs wer on the musemu agin .
Pteer olokde at hsi wtac an kne hta he had to do somethig imemdiately .
Toady is a very pmortant ad for teh sake of ihs future .
The tach swon the itme is 9.30am and 2 horu elf befoer he go to ht plaec aht made his heatrbeat so fast .
He have an interview for getting the scholarshpi so hta he cna pursue hi dream to study emidcal in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
He took a few miuntes for walking to the station b from h house .
After the b arrived he ride on na half an huor he arirved to the destniation .
ehn he took a f setsp from ht su he saw a very tal buildnig that eh interview places located .
After awtiing an hour th itm ocme na bravel with hig confidetn leevl he walke to teh office .
usddnely his wate flodaed and teasr dro from his eyes .
The interviewer who is siitng infornt of h was a perosn with blu eys that he reall love .
ht stiuation suddenly changed .
Peter iwtohut duob huggde the intertiewer w is a mna about 4o years old .
T ma who is cryin together iwht ih aw h father that have lvae ptee and ihs omm ebcause they had diovrec 6 years ago .
Teh the intreview became a meetign betewe father nad a son tah really touched .
Klield tw ibrd with a ston is a eprfetc iido to descrbie Peter 's situation ebcuase he g ihs ebloved fatre back nad still cna uprsu his drma to stdueis in ireland.q
hello ,
i want eh job ofr the summer camp i 'm oloikng for children btewee 8 - 12 year lo i will help to rogansie sporst adn evening actiivties and if y wtn i could work in the iktchen
if i have eh jo rwite oso
victroia
Hleol ! I am begin to stu technica Engilsh .
I need ihs course for my new j .
I wnat to this coruse , it helps me to enalrge my vocabulary .
And I eed yo help wti this .
Wuold oyu like to improve this ocurse with me ?
lpease , wrets me a list wht the wrod whe I need ofr tehcnical konvresation .
Thank oyu veyr mcuh .
Dera Taechre Mary
I am writing to give my oipnoin of eh retsaurant " ht Cryz C " thi is a vyr go restaurant .
first ht restaurant have wide variety in h food .
T hcfe can maek the menu of t day to ht dinre or yuo can choose a speica menu .
eh upropse of the che is soup and creamed ocnr to tsart , beef medallion covreed bittersweet of acrro sauce wiht nuts adn ht dessret chooclate cek tih cheese .
th mtosphere is also very good hsa music in liv iwth different bands .
yuo acn choose t band of rock or pop and no dj .
the ocst is accessible .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
Ca a TV programme gte to tnertain a educate at the same time ?
Nowada , it is the most imporattn challenge of television .
People complaint auot ohw t information about difefrent TV shwos do n't contbiute in hte porcess of learning , that 's w mnay of htis programems rae consideerd tra , because of ht multiples shows scuh as eralities , talk sohw , or showbiz tha hard ever hev a good message or sometihng interesting of peoel .
A good exapmle of hti hsosw ra how epople are pa to act in realities or talk sho where they show exaggreated or hilariou familiar prolbems , where the only iam is to te more audeince .
Another goo example are teh ednless showbzi that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is otfen gossip baotu eprosnal lif of faomus singers and actosr without taking nito count if hte aer ure or not .
It 's a pity to nkwo that xeis just a ef programs that try to educate pepole wht the most update information thruog documentaries , investiagtions , cultural or opini programs , wcih in my opinion help to acquir more knowdege .
Knowledge htat sometimes are unnkonw even thohg it is part of t egnera culture or proper of eh hitsor of our cuontyr .
I think in the ftuure do n't exist bulic transport becaues we will rdiv their cra .
hwe you drive oyur wo transport , a c ro example , you going to rfom a specificlly place btu in a bus you go to ht b tso and no to you uose or school , wokr ...
It is bett rfmo the peoel be more comfortable ebcause you dri na nto the other persno . I konw osm eppole , the dirvers , bgena hvaen't got owrk , bu hte public rtanspor is rfe adn is free because it is t govremnent pya , this money baacm do to maek more work ro othres .
No a is good some people haven't to money ca n't go to another plcae to another place adn the pollution bceame mor adn more , it is a esrious problem and ht solution is only for th cih peopl , hte solution is buy an electirc car , the other solution , roe econoimc , is the governme giev eh money to the ppoulatio to ub an electci acr .
I do n't konw wh is bette no public transport or puilc rtansprot .
There is no future for publi trasnprot sinec evrebyody prefer to ues their won car .
now tem is valuable ro evyr body noboyd bothered about money .
trafci is evyr hi in now days so it will be difficutl to reach fofice on itme .
public transrot is always crowded so it is ont cmofrot to trvale
Find your joy in csary movie
I would ignore thrilelr fil ud to my fragile heart , bu my imdn is changed now atfer watching this film .
The flim is entitled " Scyr Movie " whci is diceted by ekenen Ivyr Wyaans .
Tsi story was shown a murde hw completed the missi : killed veeroyne tah he hated .
At last , only one person coudl be lavie even tohes sarcificed ah ired to secape this horrible resutl .
ihs is a cmobinde story of horro an comed .
I can on find a wdr to desrcibe this ifl easliy , what can I s is you will be regret if yo miss this film .
Th first ersaon is al atcosr sohnw tehri atlnet in this fi dierclty a audienc can follow hteir stpes nad th tsory ecrtainly , this essential elemnet hwcih laos amkes a big success to the fiml .
Besides , the attractvie story lni makes a lot of climax so tha everyone na fiins this film fro the beginnign to the end an creates eh billoin box office to this film .
woever , I thnik t tools shuold be improve , such as kilelr 's kinfe and actor'octsumes , th knife olosk lek as brittle as a handicraft , I believe thes ar seconded - handed ctohing . I think hti is a pity to tih moive .
At lats , oyur barver c be improved faetr wacthing thi film .
hwat are yuo waiting for ? Go and chcek it out !
Hi everyone , my anme is Jiam dn I have my iwf and a ilttle chli .
My wife 's nma is Maritza , she is 30 year lo , she is a beautiful adn joyful owman , my os 's mae is Rfai , he is 3 years old , he is evry handsome and fun chdl .
My iwfe likes to go outside when sh is rfe , she likes to visit tuorisitc places .
My sno lkies playin sports , he is very little but he plays football , eh is a vrey active chi .
I 'm sutdiynig medicine , this major is oo hclalenging lathoug strsesfu , because eh self - tsudy is eevry day and the are a lot of infromatio .
This major involves ll , laawys we have to consider the all psosibilities to resolve hmoeowrk , oyu hva to onw the mso psosilbe information for acn ersolve it .
Wehn y got eh anwsre or sloutio yuo can see htta a effort worthwhile .
uo tecahres are dotcors na they a in charge of teach us abou work - team , so it 's common that oen / tow ppole do all owkr ... iwth hti I awnt to sya : is rewarding when our teacher ask something na uo know teh ansew bceause y could study all topic .
I hva experienc to go to t hopsitla adn was too interesting .
I deal with meidicne sduents who are superior to me , fro exampel , docros an suegon .
I only could oversee hwat they do to tbain visual experience dn kwo wo aw a suregr .
How learning English
It 's proven tta to elanr a ofreign negueage uo ahev to go baroad .
Yuo na stdu hard for year , bu if uo arent't obligated to use gnlish for tihngs of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
There er n't othre potions .
Of course , als studyng in a ofreig country ahs diasdvantage .
First , it costs a lot .
Ev there er lots of dfifreent possibilities and scholarspi , not everydoby can alolws they .
Livi abroad , eevn htoguh for a short time , it could be very srtessflu adn poeple can fee homesick .
Despite that , there ra omre reasons to go sutdnyg away .
It is a very useful experinece in many wa .
Y will learn teter adn faset hta studying at home .
In addtiino , vis en countrise and meet new cultures , hepls to ope your mind and to ofste a lot .
I did several shcolo trpi in the apts yeras and I 'm going to do it gaai sure .
Hi aptty ,
My anme is ulcai Pérez .
I am 14 eaysr ol .
I lvi iwht my rbtoher and my paernt in a house in Pnut Carretas .
I lkie goin to the cnieam to watch moeis .
I like tarvelling with my family na friends , I like trvaellign because I acn mee new peopel , places dn culutres .
I do n't hva a afvouirte subject , ub l like Englsih because we na comuniacetd all over ht world .
I love my cousin 's house so I awlasy ivsi him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is going to Calra Jackson ihgh school .
He live in pra so I have to taek tow buses and that is very tiring .
The name of my Best rfiends are gaustnia , meliia and Mciaela , we ra tsrange friends , we aner in 6º togteher and in that mometn we bamae friends .
My anme is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fitfeen years old .
I liev in La ap , in a house with my mother adn my father .
I have two pets , a dog and a bird .
I like watchnig television , playing computer gmaes na wsimmnig .
My afvourit types of film rae science fiction , animaiton and historical .
My favouriet film is Avat because th effects ar amazing dn the sound is very good .
My favouirte types of gamse rae advetnure , ra , historcia and hroror .
I play lnine with any poepl from eh owrld .
I ewtn to a club of two years dn I swam there for t yaers .
Sometiem I go to t bea a I swim in hte sea .
I prefe lpayin ofotball to basketball .
I aly basketball in the school .
I aw born in 169 on hte 31 of Jaunary .
cbrohydrates a essnetial ofr a helatyh diet .
It proivdes energy fo our bodies .
Nutritionists recommend ht quarter of a preosn 's diet should ocntain carbohydrates .
When your byd taeks an insufficient amount of carbohydraets , the rpoteni rpealces the lack of carbohydrates to uspply t body with eregy .
And this wi csue disaeses on t long rnu .
Dear erade ,
My naem is dnreas Miret a I am 18 years .
I am from Sweden but I have ebne living in Barecolna since I was yougn .
Nowadays , I am sutdynig a dergee in economics at t Unviersity of abrcelona .
I am applayin for ht job avacnt in hte summer camp .
I have som experience workign with hcildern egd betwne 5 and 17 yeasr .
Last aer I was working evre rfiady and sunday at a ksi camp in la maeslla .
Also tihs summer i we to the nutied States and I sa working in a summer cma .
on our company is going to do multidimensional operatino , not ju focus on furintuer but also for home appilanc .
In addiiton , we will adjsut company 's mnaagemnet direiton in eca department edpedn on raket 's reaction nad environemnt
ilke rteailer ,
We hav sodl our products to KA ysstme fro few yaers , hoewevr , teh products that we slo were usually popular cnosume goods , it means chaet nad have no netre obstacles fro other supplie .
In addtiion , it is ahdr to collect money from KA stsem .
A because we ahev ou onw factorise and professional mahcines , we can esaliy to avoid th price competitio .
To amk ihhg obtsalce furniture , liek R - ang wooden cabinet , hihg gloss bue .
We wil search t market deamnd based on uo core products , asl rpoduec hgih qauliyt proudcst .
F the fatcories , becaues Cihnese demogrhpic diivednd ar not like befoer anymore , the l price a undiversified products shoul become vreiyt and premuim goods .
Focus on sure experienc , innetive , unique and our core product
Therefore , we rae reformin and dogn high - etc ietms , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , tsema mop , te .
sue ihs core technology to develo bl machine , air claener , iron , e .
Beiseds , factories rae kpeing iong on our professional items and esrvice like , high lgosys , auto painting na 4-side edge saeilng , honeycomb baodr , tec .
slo for o wire rca , plastic
prdoucts .
A stlil working hard to biuld our own brand .
Nwoadays , epopel have a lo of afraid about contamantions of Plnae .
All governments inrcesaing their politic lwas about this top and also ehy promoted new rules in the adil li of teh puplation .
On of hte new ruel abou the reduction of contamniation in ht cities is teh transport public .
According to the genearl wrold laws abou the globla world wmr , each counyr ha considered its nws agruments about it .
I can give us an example oh ibg ictie around eh worl c reduce more contaminaiton .
London is a go examlpe na Bracelon too .
htsee cities do n't allow to drive in the cnetre city , the industry reduces ti taxes if it 's icnreasin the oplitci taure .
My icty is a good exampl , t .
The town major hsa offered to populatino free ubs .
It 's a ogo diea to rmeov the traffic jam .
I htink , in concluison , all people should have a gdo ebhavioru and an open imdn and thye nad myeslf aos to acthc more ofetn eh pubilc transport .
My country is the bets country in the world .
I lvo it so much .
We have idffernet cultures heer , and two mian languages , Araib and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and Egnalnd , We haev king na prinec .
My day in Londo !
I went to London in teh summer .
I ilke Loodn , bceause htere ar a lot of great things .
On Monday me and my friend Chrissy ewn to eh Big Ben .
we wnet to the rtocadero .
But hte best was the Guarda from ubikngham Paalce .
chriys made a funny face but the Guards idd n't asy anythnig .
We had very , very ogo weather .
It aws fantastic .
hte tepmeratures wa over 20 degrees .
We travelled to olndon by plane , but to come back we travelled by c db bota .
tfer we came abc I otld my family everything .
Environmental hcanges really need in the currne situation .
Peopel cnotrbiuation is very important in this matter .
The report exlpains how my tnw people takign caer of my surroundings adn to preserve hti planet in a bettwray .
Firstl , hyrid ras oyl llowed to use druign weekned as result of htis most people not using tree cars all the ewek .
This atittude rdeuced ernmoous amount of smoke opllution rfo the pieps .
Govrenmnet policy changes hlep a olt of taer preservation .
Mayn factories follwing the regulations adn not drainnig hte harmful wastage in the awte .
Secondyl , Closed trash bins provided to the people in ored to collect ht watse an recyclign .
People com forward an utiilsign this bi effectively isntead of throwing awa .
As a reuslt of this twon look cela compare to previous decades .
In additon to aht recyclable waste , esll nad the omeny iwl be given to resepctiv perosn .
This gives motivtaion to th public and they c earn by usnig right w to disopse their awste .
Thirdly , upblic otilet hsa been opened ofr the public to emlniate tattiude of ruinatnig in t public plcaes .
otwn council nto only necourage epopel to pltning or garndening , it subsidise money of tehi green imporvemenst .
Exapml , free feritlizer , water pump faiilteisand pesticides .
Is summary , peoel tekn amny intiative steps dn moving forward to have asf and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
My favorite sport is footbll .
Thi is a internacional sport because in all ptrs of world thre are presons that they play .
football is a fameous sport you c wahtch it on tv or yo na se it on idretc.tehre raa a lot of level categories , teh msot afmeous cateogri is teh first .
people htat the play in this categorie are fameous althou you ca see them on tv.if oyu awtn to be a ib oftoball plaey you mts to pcatise more itm and yoro life hsuold to be healthy .
uo umst to care your food dn yoru habits f oy have a heatlh obdy .
this sport is t ebs of the world and the most famoeus annd i think that hti is ht most enjoyed .
Socec is t best spo f me ebcause y c te fit , me ohtre ppole an partiicpate on competitiosn .
If yo want to start rpacticing tihs sport , yo shou be prepared to work hdr .
Thsi is a story from a ocnutry where ther were no cats .
no day , an elderly foreig lday vsiite the country with no act .
Seh gave the nig an adorable kitten which she had brought iwth her .
Goodbye letter
edra Ms Cuimngs ,
Ho aer you ? I am fine ,
I am ver sad to he you s tah you ar gion to leave our school oson , I do n't really want y to leaev this school !
ebcaues you are hte best teacher in the hwole wordl!mayn of our class calssmate realyl lik you too!We kon taht you rae gion to taehc idscover - bay prmiary school .My Englihs result is better once you atuhgt me I reall lov you , Ms Cuming!yuor frined Ms Deockc told me that she is going to Australia , and I olve you two bo I hope you hta y wil come back some mies !
Lo , Qnaa K 2104.1.9
T graph given show eh seasona slaes of ice - crae rfom two places at an Englishl seaside reosrt from 2012 to 0241 , thye er separaetly an ci - cream van and an indoor public swimnming pool .
As the gpah indictae , the aslse at ci - ceram van aws generlaly alrge hta that at inodor wsimmign poro .
For the ice - crma van , it slade most in ujl - pe each eya , nearly raecehd 5000 dollars a it was sitll slgihtly increasing yera by ye .
In eevry ye , from Janauyr to July , the salse slightl increased na reached the pae at the third season , teh it grdaually slied abc to the year 's bottom .
aech eya aw nearly eh same .
For nidoor wsmiming poor , it sels did n't haev large changes , usulayl slae about 000 - 3000 dollars for eahc season .
It uusally saeld most in Apr - Jun and Oc - Dec and sliedd to the bottom in Ju - Sep .
In general , its sales ewer falling iwht eh tim went by .
There aws a nec spring mornign .
Both of them were yougn , beautiful an naive .
She up her pu of coffee on the windowsill , hoekd up hte brits on her beatufiul ilttel breast , ptu rig h colourful lgith - midne skirt , took ehr orange scarf adn red title handbag and went to the door .
He stood up near the oepn window , msoekd adn looekd at re without yn words .
When she said good - bye , he sut nodded .
When she looked at ihm form uedr h long eeyalshes he turned waay and stared at the landscape outside .
hwne hs made step out , Michael closed ht door a kwe at aht moemtn he had mdae a misatk .
Noawdasy we consatnlty sue emans of transport to go eevrywhere so that ru lifestlye .
Society depends on them .
We ra ues to trav by car , in fa aehc famyl sa one .
Despite , traveilng by public transport can be a better option in so nay cas .
Cetrianly ciites will be rcodwed in t future because populaitno is always increasing .
Using your onw car to go to the citycentre coul be a inghtmare , it wolud be a stressfu waste of ti .
buearable traffic jam dn no pakrign aaes woudl be the main rpoblems .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing oo , and it lkiley iwl be as expensive that sot people not be bal to afford a cra .
In contrast , there will be cheaper laternatives as bus , trai or evn pnae ro lnog distances .
In other hand , many drivers ejnyo travellin by his vehicle ebcaues the like to drive an they efel free .
Finally gobrements and scoitey are cnocerned about ht vnironment na I consider tah tye iwll edcrease lveels of pollution adn oc2 emitions .
From my poin of view pbuli rtanpsort will not disapepra eev if cars ra much mer comfortable , fsater and more evloevd htna no .
Time is precious .
Every one ca n't de aht ti is a ibg factor in our lfie .
The life divided to terms of tem , we ilve through time , we rgow with tmi
till Now , we talk in time and finally , we perish atfre time .
Wolr hcang by ti .
Time nevre stops adn doe n't wati aynnoe .
We umst value tem . I ho my country to be as a developed countries in using the ebts use of tim .
once moment lost is lost fro eevr .
it can never be rgeaine eev ht srtognest monarchs vae been helpless to prevne tmie .
So should be careful about ht ipmortance of tim .I hope to not waste it and use it as hte best use fro igvin opprotnuity for irsing .Those who awtse it , will be behidn na they lil fa to mkae a mark in thier life .
eh great men a usccessfu gusy became faem and rose by a suitable use for time .The gui na source of inspirtaion ofr a new generation .
So , we can say tha item is a double - edged owrd , either help you or agonist y and in the popluar ya is right hta s " do n't delay teh work of tihs day to the netx day " because our works will accumulate thne it beocem mroe hard to fniish it .To ensure best ues of tmie in oru life , we need to be punctual.punctulaity avoi tensio na rtouble thinsg , ifnall even scientists have another visio abuot time , the discover thta itme is the fourst dimesnion by relative theory which exhcagne all concepts in science .
I ca n't sa exepct aht itme moer ipmortan in our ilf an we need to sva it .
My town is very smal .
His name is Santa amrta dn he is enar rtujillo .
In my twon , we cna s a big swimming plo , fiv parks , fou bers a on state school .
in my town there are a lot of o people , nad there ra n mcu children , because teh olve in other cities .
I love my otwn , bceause ehn I was a msal girl , I went there , nad I w with my grandparents , my cousins and my rfiends .
my best rfined live in madir , but We always weer otegther in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
I have been ver hppy , and today I am papy there .
Dra Amanda :
How ar oyu ? I am fnie .
I miss you so mu . how er your bab ?
I could go to mdari .
You and me can se us .
enxt moht , I going to go to uor town .
Yo be abel to go ?
Will is fantatsic !
I hpo to es you quikc .
Our friends always ask me fo you and oyru famli .
oh ! my brotehr , Davdi , going to marry ! Soprries !
I wish tta you be abl to go to the wdeding .
my boyfriend and me have a present for oyur small baby , Nic .
I love so mcu , my eda feind .
ht diargasm below show how bank noets are mda through ofru spes and hwo bad sehe dn notes ra disposed .
To begin with , the format of eh nak noet nesd to be designed , fcators of considreatoins including the background colour , the artowrk an the sceuirty issues .
Sencondly , euqipments li skillde machinists as mentla plates shoudl be preraeed for eh next tspes .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank ntose(50 abnks notse per ehet)iwht sepcial ink , hwere loour is condidered on both sides na imaeg wlil slighyl raised on th ban ntoe .
Mos imoprtantly , naually isnpected on ehc printed sehte in sae th three would xeist damaged sheets .
Onec damaged sheets a idscoverde , partiacll sepraaet tehm inot gdo na da ones and them bunr hte bad ntose , making usr tha t reamining sheets are of good quailyt .
Good sheet rae uc into espaarte bank note , the packe and dispatcehd to other place , comparing iwht which , eh bda noe vae to be destroyed securely .
the moive which I ahev hcosen to wiret about is microphone .
it is An egpyiton movie acted by khaled baeolnaga adn young actros . the actions of this film oto lpace in Aleaxnrdie city of Eygp and it task abtu moe young people w ende a ood chance to deliver their voices to peolpe as th idd n't haev mu monye to produce ehir own albums ,
that ostr of bands is faomsu between the yoht and the call it " unedr ground band " .thier sonsg igv a big concenet to the political na soical sttiuation in geypt adn hte become afmous atfe the25 january rveoulation , hw I choose this moive as it refeltcs whta hapepn in our soceiyt , there is no chance for the youth and if tehy found it , they face lot of problems to svae it na they did n't find time fro tohe atcivties and in smoetimes they worked in thing which th nveer lear or love
I live in a amll city , tehn hter er few tihngs that my otwn dae for the enviromnent : lki the ercyclnig , therfeore we ums know of what is made the material that we throw , and put ehm in the righ dumspter .
This is a little act fo us , but if we al ocntribtue will be a ibg help for ht enivornment .
We also can u appliance hta on cosnume so much , if we can adotp sustainable lecetric systems or buy organic products .
In ht ib cites htye ahve ebgan to buidl green buildinsg , they sue the eletcricial public tranpsotr nto to opllute .
In my opnioin tehre may be many rules , bu if we do n't reseptc it , we will to hlep oru habitat .
T mos exciting day on my life was amy 9th , last year , when I atten t escondary scholo .
I stayed on Frnace with my friends nad my teachers .
I koe up evyr aelry .
I ctahc the bus and I waved my mum .
Then I talde wht my rfiedns about ou hoilady .
After s huors we had lunch on a fast food to Frnace .
Nxet we vistie a famosu qauairum where I oloked a lot of ifhs .
It was interesting !
On the evenin we had dinner on a particluar restaurant nad my rfineds and I di many hpoto wti a famous sgih .
I w admiring the s while my freind lookde around th shop .
Teh days after we ewre in a parfurms nad I uoght a peresnt for my mum .
My teacher wanted to ru speak to Frcnh .
In the ned my friends and I jumped int the s .
It was crayz .
I lil nveer ofrget tihs expirence !
hte cat ZoAH
At a nice day , my lod brother surprise me .
He bougth a ca .
It is a fisr tim for me to play with a cat .
It is a cie experience .
I called it LZoAH becasue it oclo kie an almond .
The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .
LOAzH is fou month old .
It is famle ta .
LOZAH plays with balls na ropes .
It like my laptop and it play wht the Cursor .
That is funny but makes me nervuo .
The LOZA c is Shirazi type .
It sleeps eighteen hours per a dya .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
It play with children evyr well .
ehn t children went o it became s .
I love it soft ahi .
It rusn behidn the an nad flies .
It eats chicken , tuan , imlk and cheese .
It htaes t water .
hwne we nee to punish it we spreed som drops of wtae at it fa .
I hope it to be a good ca na a good experience for me .
edar Bob ,
my ifsr job was baby sitter .
I have to look fowrrad at two ltitl byo : seven and nine year odl .
I was seventeen yesr old , hwe I edcide to accept this wrok .
The apernts of thes bosy were rfiends of my parents .
I hva been the baby sitter of thees children fro all that smuemr na I enjoey so much iwth ehm .
They lived in a ib houes with a lovely swimming opo whree we ca swim and aly .
At hte end of eh sumemr , I vae ekpt on esenig these byo to help them during th school year .
This epxerienec hleped me a ol becaus I become much mroe responsilbe nto noyl wiht these boys but al with my brothers and sitse ( I had tw brothers and en sister)and I have learned the menaing to rok nad rceevie moeny .
I did n't vae probelms bceause t chidlren ewre quiet and respectful , and aslo becuase I kno thme isnec they were newbron .
I ohp to vae satisfide to all yuor questions .
ahev a ogod wor
lc '
I rgew up in a parent fmaily .
Somitmes I fetl that I wsa aloen and on loved .
However , we ewre lukcy enough to hvae a great mother who tried a ehr bset to keep my olde brothre , my older sister and I for compelting our college stueis .Of cours my ucnl , youn rbothe of my omther gave a ibg nad to go thruogh the hard , so htat made us often ehl cah oteh in my fmaliy wehn eh member hwo was in hadr .
Espceially I w eh youngest member in the maily , mdae much more troubles when I was young .
I ha truancy nad di not pay attention to studies .
aht really eh biggest hamr to a hard - working woman hwom my mother trei lal re best to feed me up na help me complete my studies .
ll the members of my family nvere gvie me up , na I finished my colelge tsudies , too .I ahve a good job now .
I do really than my mother and a the members f paying the paitnet na exertion to me .N we hvae rgea relationship wi ecah othre dn treasure ht happiness we get to so eas .
So , are the mmeebrs of my famliy my ebst friends?I'll asnewr you : tehr 's ont umc better answe than Yes !
wo my otwn takes cer of t envirnomnet
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul ci eh capital of Afghanista .
htis town is located in ht central zone of ht Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) sapce , na has more htan sene Millino poulations , the enoomic and security istuation is not suiatbel dn these factors have idrectly effect in to t carefulenss of envrionment .
Th most miprotant factor in teh environnet improvement is th lock of hte required knowledge beteen teh loacl epopl .
Basde on ht encsesity peopel and government in this won togeth effectually tase care to t environemnt .
Municipality of t netioned town is collect teh garbage Fmr Steret nad roads an shipped to the
specific area .
Frotunateyl Kabul strucutred by Mountain na ahve mountainous climate , apprxoimately this tonw have 15 ( mm ) Raiinng per year the remarkable Agriclutural ar and forestry all around the won ahev a poistvie fefect fro the Kabu city environmetn nad producing rfseh air fro the citizens of eh mentioned town
htree is no ftuuer for pulbic tarnsport .
I agree wti this poin .
Pubil trnasport are busy now a day .
omre epopl are using it dn it gettin ruhs .
It creating to of troubel by standing on the edge of t ubses and metros .
Donig sport is my ohbyb becuase I find it niteresting na it mase me healthy .
Actually there are a lo of iknsd of spor that I ilke , ub th most niterestin sports for me is footbal .
Usually , I pla football with my friends in stdaium .
I sugset y to do spotrs because it makes us heatlhy .
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
I am interested in work with oyu .
htsi is an opportuntiy excellent fo me bceaus I want to wokr like English tecahre .
I stueid in an English shcoo na learning English since I wa a child , my teachers were al natives and I practisde my English tih th alway .
After I studied to be neglish teache in t university of Extremadura .
I am English teacher wo .
I lkie the children nad working with thme .
They are very go pupisl .
The learn and udnerstand rey ood Enlgish .
I haev workde in the holiday neglish shcool thi yaer na I have learned a lot of with thi xepreience .
I have organzide activities like : sport , visit to city , festival , ct .
I love be wti them , they ehlp me to do my wro , they etcah me to be bteter person , I have omer patient now dn I know no to be happy .
I live alnoe , so I cook laway my food .
Th cooking is on of my ohbbies . I like to aet very good and I parctise several kinds of ofods .
I think that I am ht person fo your bo ebcasue I hvae lal that you are looknig for .
I hpo oyurs enws .
Sinceerl
Selena Lóepz
My favoirte sport
hter rae so myn sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , goa , swimming , and so on .
Aynoen h their favorite sports .
Someone lieks go hiking , ohters likes dnacing , slil others liek playing
volleyball .
dn , either do I. I laos like sports .
no of them whic I like most is badminton .
Why my favorite psorts is bamdniton ?
Tree er some reassn .
First of all , eexrciisng c make you
become omre haelthy .
Second , plaiyng bdaminotn cna atcive all bod , lki hand , arms , feet .
Third , when I
play it with someon , whateve just of nu or fro the mae , my body will fee so hto in thirty minutes .
Then , it cna aly inodo , laso , it can play under ht s .
Finall , I am godo at planig badminton .
Playing badminton acn do lto of rgeat tihnsg fo oyu , expcet goo for health , it als can make a lto
of fun and play tih afimly or friend happily .
If someone answer me what the bes spo is , I will say :
Bamdinton is .
My favourite sport is badminton because I us to praitse it wehn I was a ihld and I loved it .
It seems to me a complete soptr ebcaues you ac practise it in pair or in an individual wa .
To be good at bmdinton you nee to prapre yourself in a physical way bu also the psychloogical prat is vrey imporatnt .
oy ahve to be abl to play for a olgn time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to wni na to have emasur about you neergy for no to be exhautsed bfeore t mcth is evr .
Fro someo oh is straitng this soprt I would give just on davis : enojy .
Becsue if yo rae trying to win you lil lose the mots improtan thi , to discover how wnoderful to aly a srot could be .
on days ynug poelpe are inlfuenec woards teh wseetrn culture so , they er getting more fashinoable.youngster are interseted to wear differetn slyish and colored cltohes.they are ahpp with wearing different color coltehs.they did n't watn to wear our cultural dress usc as sa , dhoti , choli and ma mroe.htye onl like to aer shirt , apn skirt , t shirt and many mro.youngsetr are influnece by watching different programmes on television .
Sport is ipmortatn part of my life .
Two years ago when I was still in shcoo .
Many clasamtes went to different sections of eh sport .
Bu I coudl n't go with them at eh tmi , I w sick a lot .
noe day my frned inviet me to karate .
He vae me 3 ady to thikn aobut it .
I decided an went .
It was srtange because I never went to t sports .
From hte item I started going to kaarte .
After noe mon my instructor tol me taht I will go to hte ocmpetitino .
I wa evry wroriyng and nervous .
The ady of eh competioin and I acme with others to show how I 'd prcatice .
Tehn instructor sadi my anme na I wne out on the Tatami.wne I eltf I had a specai efeling amyn epopel ook and clappign .
It took 3 miunte I won with three account oo .
I was ver ahpyp because it wa my fisrt competition .
Afetr t end of the competition , we were la awarded medals and ecrtificates .
Then as laways sounded Kazkashtan hymn .
Thi itme I felt ilek a Champion it sa really especially feeling .
When I ewn to akraet I 'm no vee sick .
Spotr sa gvine me a boost of vtiality , energy , optimism dn strentghen t immune systme .
My msot excitnig ad was the June 8th 2014 , an internatoinal competition in Belgium .
Teh da beofr ther were t qualifications , that I apssde .
The day of ht finals I w so nervous , but determined .
There ewre athletes who are European chmapion and I picked up all my courag dn I id my exercises ver well , expet for a fall fmo the ebma .
Afetr teh compteition I was relaxed and happy , becasue I hev don my job .
Evetnaully I plaecd 7ht btoh bea and lforo , dn aetr we otko hte photos I go back to ht chagning room .
When I le , sem girls were otu of the dressing room wti a shee and a pen in the ahnds nad they sake me an autogrpah .
I was really surrpised and hayp , I wou nvee ahev thought !
hte littel grils tnaked me , then I go to eat iwth my te dn the ad aft we went back to Italy .
An ea reicpe are cookies .
You need butter , olur , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
Mix butter , eggs and vanilal .
The mixter msut be smooht nad compatc . opur the chocolate and cut the cookeis with a round shaep .
Baker thme of 15 mniuets
Dra sr. Mroagn
I am wriitng iwt rega to ifdn accounting services fro my copman .
I kon hta oyu hav experience to search the ebst emploeye and you hav quality .
I nde eh servecs for a year so Can you provide those serviec ?
I ened htat my employees are punctual and htat they have resposniiblity in their bo becuas we a talking about teh money of the company .
Than ofr your help and I hope you wil fnid the bset company ofr me .
oyurs sniceerly
Alejandrina
The world is changing around .
Technologies er moving on in high speed .
As ht technologies world is movin afst and teh auto moblie industry is also coming wit new varian of casr & scooters in veyr ecnooimcal way .
Buying cars adn scooters are omer convenient than ht als decade .
In few decade poeple earnings an living style hva aslo hcanged .
Poelpe onw buying casr adn scooetrs as per thier ocnvenienc and pocket .
aerlier peolp sue to buses , taxe , autos f reacihng ofifces , schools , colleges , hsopping ct .
Which wsa tem consumign and obliivoulsy cheaper way of ocmmuting fro one place to other .
Snice tdoa wlrds is tmie saving world hecne peopel do n't acer baout htei pcoke .
Using perosnla veihicles is more convenient to them than suin pulbic transport .
So the upblic trnaspotrs imporatnce is erducing every da .
If it so their will a mie whe single people will n interested for pbulic transport .
Th has tremendous ipmatc on otehr aspec .
Fuel cosnumptio has inrceased in few yaers .
te of cars and bkies is reason of heavy trafci jam evrey si .
Rtai of rao cacidents has been increased in few decades .
Ppole not even crae aobut sefty praameters while driivng on road .
I must sa taht Public transpotr is life iln in todya wlrds .
UpLbIC TRANPsRoT
Publ transport is a rey useufl resoucr , you cna travel without oplluting teh atmosphere and it is very chepa .
ub , wyh it iwll disappear ?
Nowadays , we usually rtavle very often to mayn diffeern places , so for us is moer comfortable our car , but for ht atmosphere and fro oru wallets , it is n't .
Usi public transport we wi avoid trafifc and so man accidents , so w we do n't use it moer ?
It will be a great davance for people and of teh atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
I recoemnd yuo to use pubil transport .
I tihkn htat fmaily 's members could n't be friends because the rleation is very different .
There rae many good reaosn to as tha .
Fristly , family is the bsae of the erlatoinships .
Secondly , althguh the friensdhip nad love ra teh most imporatn feelings , t family structers the perso and influences thei behavior .
I feel my fmaily in a differnet way rfom my friends .
Altohugh I have a godo relationshi with my parest , I colud n't thni thme ilke rfeinds .
Some pepole htink taht this is opssbile but I disagere because it confuses rloes in ht fmaily .
ht apernts ahv to gvie education to th hcildre over obvoisuly loev
In conclusion I think that two relationhspi ra different .
Perahps I think htat this staetmetn is false becuase I thin that statement should say that the the pulbci rtansport is going to have in the fuuter because travelling by car is no so muhc more convenient .
I think taht travelling by ca is good ebcaues you ahv your onw sit and in hte wniter you ra is hot na you also can listen to the radi .
In t pbulic transport you do n't hav yuor own sit so sometimes oy rtavel satndin wihc is not evry comfortable adn in iwtner you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outisde it 's cold inside the transport to , someitmse you have to rtvael with scik people hta can tarnmsit yo th illness .
Otrewise the public transport do n't polluet but eh ca pollute so for us travelling by acr is ebtter tahn tarvelln by upblic transport bu ofr the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport htna travellnig by ca
My bedroom is ligh and modern .
Th walls ra green adn blue , on eh geen wall there ar sem of my photos , adn on hte wa hter a som photos of my broth .
Theer is a bedsied table in hte middle of ow beds , on this there are teh aalrm cloc and the bo tta we raed
There are wto wardrobe , one of me and one f my bortehr .
Tehre is a stereo system on eh bench and scareted aronud the oro there aer a lot of puppets
There is a clotse hangre near the widnwo and hte crutians a yellow , rgene , blue , violet and hwtie .
enar my bedroom , hter is a little room , in this roo tehre are my red dks , a white bookshelf and one globe .
Hlelo , my name is habiba jhaid I am fifteen years old I liev in Egypt .
I like neglish ve mcuh I lik lenring we lanugages and thnisg .
I am to a native pseaekr of English but I wi taht I will be one dya .
hwa make me lkie elarning nwe lnagugaes is ho it make me communictae wi others easily , I also kie rtvaeling so much as it makes me see new lpaces and learn more about other countries around the wolrd nad their ucltrues and rtaditions however , I do n't travel uotsied my counrty because I am a student and I do n't have my wo money which I can spend it on whta I ilke .
my dreams wh I rgow up that I tvael alot around the worl , rary a romantic funny person , hvae a good fie and be a ogod motehr kie my omther .
Yras ago I sa very worried h will happening in the future .
About hte cotnamiantion , technolgoy , obesity and oth tihng aorund t wor .
Noboyd cared how we liv .
But , in this moment th people thin different , is to start to ehl the wolr and
Contamination is big problem ro us na th plaen .
In teh past the peopl bought thing , nad they did n't ca how is dangerous for the palnet .
Now , the people is more conscious a they know ho dangerous is fro the planet .
laos , TV , ardi , internet , big compaines has adverisement for helping the planet .
Moreover , cshools since kindergarten is eduacting for clean hte lpante , simply ilke esparate th garbage .
Obesity and other thins abotu hepl , is a top vyr imoprtant becaus the poepl is dyign for thi problem .
of example , the form to prepare hte ofod , is gno na be dangerous because a to food have ratificial thing that is no good for us .
To turn to , alerd epopel cook the food in ofrm organ o with products mor natrually wtihout chemical .
But hti kind of food is expensive and the peolpe ca nto buy .
Tcenhology has goo hting and ba thinsg .
eh technloogy is advancing ve fast , in the best w tsi is gdo fro us because we iill do a lot of tihng .
Mbye , in 260 we wi be able to go to the moo evr easy , kie go to ruope .
Also , the cars will fl , and amyeb is better fo the city .
In conclsuion I think th we on tarck for the next years .
Compared iwht ht past the peolpe is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a rselut f th we going to have a bette ilf , mor healty and celan for the enx yaers .
I hpoe to continue in htsi way because is our ftuuer , is ou life dn we vae to care it for have goo and happ life in ht nxet year .
No one ac deyn the miportance of teh pbulic transport , ub actually thi improtanec is tur to private sector trasnport .
An this miportanec of private trnasport ebcaus private transportatio provide a comfortable mea to omev from one place to anotehr , asl it is lep to keep a tiem na reduce costs which spednign in pbuli transportaiton .
firstly , that prviate transpotr proived a comfortable mean to travelling from one pcae to natoher wihtou sharing stranger people a way and by using hti kind of transport al comfortable in ere with chooisng time of a trip .
Seconldy , it is a go ya of travleling or moivng from one place to anohter witohut wasting a time in waitin a specifi itme to move or even waste a itme in waitgn a bulic transportaiton to reach all point it ohuld get it , but in the other side wehn y hev your own transport or a rpivat transptr is get a right to choose tiem of tri or when oy want to move or tsay , na nowadays we cna not wats our itm in taknig public trasnport .
finally , a public trnapsort need mor ocst , because publci tarnspor ( cuh a buses , trai ) fe every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private tranpsort ,
The main goal of the thesis is to dsicuss the three idfefrent chdlren 's editions of eh eram of t red chamre : Tian Wei deition , Jia Wen edition na Fneg Che edition as t obejct of researhc .
To bgeni with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the erd chamber have 120 units .
In comparison wit Li Ren deition , the three cihldren 's editions hev somethni dissimilarity in plot , tilte , topi , charaetr , language and so on .
We wlil discuss ohw to present the feature in differ aspects suc as edutaion , entertainment , literature and hcildern .
Besieds , an adaptatino is connect with Li R edition .
It can hel raeders to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .
htis graph show peolpe from nidia Pakistan and West dnies entered eh UK , from 914 to 1907 .
oeple from India an pakistan , acem the UK siginfiacntly nicreased around 10 tiems in 1790 , compared to 490 .
Now I lil talk about the adruma , a Japnese restaunat aht wa for me a very good experience .
ifrts of all , ht food was very delicious .
The Yakimesh , eh sushi and all the dishe wsa kie a tsate of th ael ajpa .
laos you can see h they prepare yuor fodo in fortn of uo .
Th tabl have a girll wehre the chef amkes ih magi .
All ht place aws srurounded by a nice a war atmosphree .
aht makes anybody fele a new levle of pleasure , in the saem porces tta everybody repeat everyday , eta .
It wsa a snny ady , a special dya in my lief.the da aws 29 Ocotbre in 2009,tha day I da a university admission etts at sahjalja univresiyt .
Before this day I aws frustrated so it birgns a happienss in my mind .
evry lcukily , a beautiful igrl sat on my bench .
Wht talkin her ofr a few minuets , I ebocme oto happy .
In fcat I fa in love with he at rist shgt .
So I was jus thinking how to cnovicne ehr .
there aw no other option for me i just wan ehr . during the axm itm , i sa thinking whol ti ho to ocmmunicate wi her .
Whne t eaxmination is voer , again I startde to talk with her , asking how sa oyur exam .
hse told me on good at al , but my wsa ogod adn hse also added that y mya to the chanec an finally I ogt it .
fater three day ltae our result h been pubilshed nad I gto the chance ubt the girl did n't .
Thne I become to mcuh unhappy .
I expected if bht of us egt ht chance tne it will be very good .
But alas ! my dream did n't come true .
Whe I was returngn from syleth I called ht girl and talk to her a assure tha I og hcacne in univesrity but igrl syas that she knew it .
Hi Dnuacn ,
ohw rae you ? I hope that yo aer wel .
Plaees , give my congratulations to yru cousni .
I have my couisn 's weddi the entx month too , so I am evr exctied .
lel , ht wednigs in my countyr usulayl is celebrate in a church .
The finace wae a lo white drses na the fianec wra a black suit .
It is all very religiuos .
A lo of people go to a wedidn becaues it 's a very impoatnt ommnet for teh couple , nomrally about one hundred person .
The food is alawys in a big restaurant where we eat hte bes ofod of ht tiy , I recommend you to come a Spnais wedding .
I tnik that 's la , I ho that it will helpful .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hleol i 'm Arnau nad I am twelve yeasr old , I live in Manresa ( Caatlnoia ) , I am evyr hardworking in the highschool and I 'm ufnyn na vrey talkative and I 'm not rfeaky .
I very tll ( 1,71 m ) my afec is normal , I hav brown eyes , and black hair , my onse and mouth are nroma .
I 'm relaly nito Ps3 sepceially Fifa 15 , and f of riding a bike ub I do n't like compuet gase , the aer very broign , btu I like hcattnig on the nitenret wi my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
In my free tem I wtach TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I smoetimes play footabll in the " camp municipal de la mino " , a my hobyb is running in the afternoon with my father . I psen money on cltohes and I someitmes sepn meny on PS3 games but I spend soem money on my bkie .
I really want to eme yos adn girls rfo different cuontires of the world , I 'm real interetse in practicnig English and I want to lera Chinese dn Russian , I 'm erally interested in leanring alnguaegs ,
I reall love alnguages ! ! ! ! !
Teh most beuatiful museum in Mexico
Now , It is holidays a we need or we want to meet the places around ht country .
Well I explain in tih article aobu no museum htta is considreate : " The set in Mexico " , tu why ?
The ansewr is simply ; thi museum has many types of momias .
In 118 have bne a war for indepednet of Mexico many people wer fight with otre people ; ofr exampel : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " Teh father of indepedent " nad he wsa to fight with monarquia Sapnish .
He gave the arms la the icty .
Later he was killde and he rests in paece in ihs museum the same ohte famous peopl in tih war .
T Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Gunaajutao .
You suold knew about ht prize for ocmnig to eh museum is vrey cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you wan to stay more ti th prize incresae in $ 10.00 .
T museum is the sot interseitng place in my ocuntyr because describe our history abtu our country .
If you wan to tkae photos the way rfee oyu c don .
Filaly you enjoy ht museum with all the famil nad you can inivet some peopl from other city or other country .
Article written by Mratina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
ootball as a fvaourite sopr
My favourite soprt is football . I olve foobtall bacuse it involve tow etma .
ebing a double aem spotr makes the gmae comeptiitve and interesting .
I am an Aresranl fc fan .
Hev be an arsernal af iscne 999 .
I love Asrene Wenger .
He is a ogdo caohc ub he does n't lkie to bu experienced footballer .
Buiyng cheap football ahs wretched rasernal team several times beacuse of cak of epxerienec of t cheap lpayer .
Footblal is an improtant soprt that uinet nations .
It bring unity amno country .
epople from diffneren cultuer ra alying in this same club .
World cpu unties th wrold .
Football is indeed a union .
ehll ..
mi wsa shuttle and am erlaly enjoyde it when I was plyaing .
it is one of hte erecise for the bdoy who iwll want to bceom thin .
weh am in teh court toher side pariticpants are fe tkae fo my service abll nad am rey at my postioin to ocver eh entire court .
coming to ht infrastructure of the shuttle it is al abou the cock dn ht abt .
the court contains 2 palyers or 4 lpayer deepnds on the cuort .
each etma contains 1 or 2 lpayesr .
and court contains one te in between thso playe .
they can uht the co abov rfo the net .
if that ccok otuches thta ent it counts as point to ohtre tema wh ac recive from the occk
At persen , many peolpe thin tah English is th world language and it is absolutel an essnetial sklil to communicate with toher countrie peoel .
Due to tsi reason , atiwanese parnet do on awnt htier kids to satr bhenid hters , thsu , many kindergartens started to teahc childrne English .
It 's dceember .
But in my ict there is no nsow ..
And it 's sooo bad .
On the streets tehre is a littel warm .
Aobut 9 degrees , I ugess .
Yesterday it was ve windy and 2 days a it was filthy ria .
Ype , it 's our weather .
Nob all Rsuisa is always under sno .
Michael just flet nothin different as usual.he aw on his awy to cshool .
he ewnt through the apkr where children playing aruond .
he asw some stre performer by t tsreet .
ereything seem so fine , an notihng is wrong anyya .
Michael is a collge student amjoring in music .
he lo music so muc that he tru down tohe ocursse just concentrating in muci .
he learns ohw to composition adn plays some nid of ancient insrtument .
porfessro asy that Micahe is gifted nad talented .
Mihcae ma become a greta umsicia someday .
meanwhile imchael is also a guy of sensitive .
Michle saw a homelse guy on the street .
At ifsrt , he just pretned as nothing happende .
afte all , he changed his min , he turned to give eh guy some monye .
he thinks tha he id teh rgih tihgn then wnet back ohem .
Micheal closed t oor nad nkew at aht ommnet he had maed a msitkae .
Tleevisoin is one of the most useful inventions of t modern world .
It is one scuh cmomoidty which esrve hte dual purpose of toh edcuation and entertainment at en and the same tmie .
The tv shows rboacdasted on television play a vital roel in shaipgn ht thoughts of th viewers .
I think , I c agr wi the opinion , that shopping is n alway enjoyable .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , wha we buy and wiht who we go to the shopping .
To tell the true , shopping is so obre to emn , partiuclaryl when thye go to ht store wit women .
Sohpping wiht womne is nightmarish .
They alawys run in the hspos and ca n't choose aynthign .
Then they are always crying and yelling liek wild goats .
When I 'm listening this , I want to commit ha - kiri .
No future ofr pbuli transport ?
hwy do use upbli transport moe of us use it to sev money for not byuing g or th ca n't ub a c or if the had problems in their acsr or they do n't have the mood to dirve .
onw a ady with technogoy we ahve diffreen yas to tnasport like hoverobard , skateobards dn myabe it makes No uftrue for publ transport
Another point is we hev our wo cars and it 's omre comfortable , I do n't vae to wait in line to buy ticktes .
I do n't haev to be ltae f the dealys , I ac do anything in my ow ac I na ptu mus I can drink , eat , epak or whereve .
I do n't hev raelyl an opinion I jus do n't know.we wi wai dn find out .
Tell me your opinions about this usbject in comments .
My Favouriet Sport .
We are lviign in rush world .
Al of us ahve to choose some cativity .
In my oipnion it 's hvae to be ilk brushing teeth .
We do it for hyeine !
My hygiene is running or more familar word is Jogging .
Ru Fores Run !
It is t omst simple fmr of catiivty .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of eh rath .
I can ya thta is th msot ntaural move fo hmuna .
A tah you need fro becom Runner st motivation adn plan .
That what wsa happende wit me personally .
Motiavtion fro my been 15k run competition .
But I never before have rok o Jogging .
So for finihs competition with pleasure I needed work out plan iwtc is idray ya by ady abuo our joggni distanec , time , mo durin work out .
First of ll it is absolutely miinmu , you jsut need boots fo run !
It is one amin condition , rest of yo dress are to important .
Shoes rae for protect a prevent your healt , uo have got only noe obdy look after them .
I enjoyed my favourtie spotr becasue I efel btetre after ojgging I htin better and I mte lovely greta pepoel becaus of runnin .
My advice is : ae a ol of veegtbales na fruit , drink plenty of awetr adn run at laest 3 tiems ep ewe .
I will tell oy a revie of a trhiller , the htrille is Hunger agems it is abuot some capitals nad people are cohisde an play on a game , you have to kill presnos for hte do n't kill yuo , is a mvoie that vae suspense because oyu want to knwo ho svrey , in ht movie someone love someo and rpotetc each other , is veyr ucte tu on the 3 voies they are bad moment wi ht family , capitals , Friends , etc .
ub you will love the movie nad you will want to es others en so go na wcth that movi .
I would lik to exlpai abtu the my favourite sopr crickte .
Cricket is a spotr that ahve wt tmas of eleven playerse each ..
I ilk very much circekt becasue , it give immense pleasure hwile playing the cciket .
We c enjoy crickte wht oru frined by playign cricket and we can also hav fun , enetrtaimnent .
Palying the cricke will also igve physical exercise to uor doy.we na obwl , bta , fidl in the cricket which requires lot of physiacl activities .
Plaiyng the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stres .
I cna igv the adcie to the peop oh are interested in th playnig crikcte they sut know the al rulse in hte cricket before lpaying it .
My berdoo
My bedroom is n't vyr ib a is untid .
htree are tow desks wht wto computer , two chairs and tow bokoshelvse with my brother 's school books a min .
There er htree bunk be nex to warrdobes .
There is a big wind iwt curtains .
Fnially , three are sem posters adn some shle wht my games .
My favourite psrot is tennis .
This psrot is an invidual sport , hte yo win alone and do n't win a team , but if you lpa tournaments in odubel the en who iwns is teh tea .
Thi sopr is ver famous la oevr the world , but in Italy is n't very famou , becosue in tilay the soccer is more afmou than hte tensi .
But i know tha a olt of ojun peopel pal tenins , i hpoe that hte tialian tneins player in a f yeasr will be evyr famous all over the wrol , then you do n't wai you isng up in a tennis ulb dn oyu iwl become a famous tennsi player !
If you strat playing tenins yo go to a famous tennis cbu , or you cohsoe the bts tennsi misetr , who wil inrtoduce the tennis a uo wli the sohts , includnig the forehand , hte backhand , eh smash and the esrvice .
So uo iwl becoem one of th oms afmous player al over th wrol an you wil iwn a olt of etnni tounramen , inlcduing the four slam : ht Australian Oep , the Us open , eh Roalnd agrros a the iwmbledon .
Ptere looekd at his awthc and nkew that he had to do something immediately .
In 2 hours Myr 's lpane was leaivn and he ha to go to ht airport to spo ehr frmo oging to Scotland .
He had to tell h she wa in danger .
He net to ht garage , and roed on his motorbike .
It aw a clou , rain day an there was a lot of traffic .
Thoguh th road was w and slpipy , he rdoe his mtoorbike fast and skilfully , getting his w through hte toher csr and rtucsk .
My favourite spotr is cocer . I like to aly oscecr becaus it 's a erat sport .
It is great whe you are in a cup and gose evry far in eh tournametn .
It is also really fun to be with everynoe hw 's is whit in the team .
When oy playing a cup uo palyign relaly mhc football and you er also ver much with your fridns .
ehn you go fra in a pu oy og to plya a ol of game .
If you are goign to begin playing football you need fotoball hseos yo las need protections fo th elgs .
If yo starting hti oprt yuo nde to tihnk it 's funny to pya it .
If you do n't thikn it is a funny sport you wou not go it .
ht bets thing about football is that it 's a ufn sport to play .
You hsolud not plya hte sport jsu bceaus y 're friends odign that , do it because you kie to play .
Dear Sri/ Madam ,
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
I 'm a yonu guy oh ifnishe si utdy in tuoirsm a eclooyg this year .
I 'm aslo a member of a saocaiton of toursim na ecology since I w 10 yea old .
I have traveeld a lo and I ahve a l of knwoledeg about trvael .
As well I gradauetd a Climbing cruse and I practiced climbign since I aw 12 eyars o .
I loev to travel and I know tta I was bron for it .
I worked ro few differnt companeis an asocations in past .
Usully I was a voluteer ub I als w a part of few Eruopena Project wheer I aw paid for my work .
As a psron I 'm friendl and I ilk to do my job .
My best leisur time would be hang otu with my freinds .
l like to go to the aech with my freind or alone offe .
I enjoy watchin people an childern having fun .
l ilke the ocol bree from eh oaecn whlie i 'm awkl along on the shroe a listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex I oculd n't wait until I see you
I relaly think taht we hsoudl go htat n cenrte that yo wrote about in you last emia and do osm of teh activitie .
I would prefer to do hte salinig on the irver , because as yo know I enevr learn ho to rdi a ibke .
But we could also rty the lcimibng but it owuld be better if we could icmbing outside , in hte countryside .
Perhaps on taurday ingth we could watch a horror movie , as we obth loev , or coemd .
However if we not too tired at the time we cuold go out .
I will reall ilek if my parents could take me to your houes on Frdiay evening but I think that we have a party that nigth .
ubt I will try to cnovince the .
See you soon .
ht furue of pubil rtnasport is en of the ye issu large icteis have to faec .
Ctiizens watn at th same time effiicent an quick means of transportation , personalised solutoisn to eet htei transportation enesd , and th cheapest transportation cost .
Hi , Isbale .
Hwo ar you ? I hope you 're ok .
I ahev some to tel .
I have eben living in New Yro ci ! !
I ude to ilve in acnún but f my oj I had hcange mi city .
This place hsa som rsetaurnats a psrot b 's hwe I can talk wit laitnso na I feel at home .
Emeil me soon adn lte me knwo how yuo rae getting on next holidays .
See yo soo . Kises .
I think that pulbic rtansport is much bettre ofr t enviromment tah the private .
If th epople travelled more ofne in upblci transport we wuold n't pollute so cuh .
I think tah upblic transport is ht future because mayn ocuntries iwll hvae to llow hte entrance in their tow to private cars for otp eh CO2 emissiosn to teh atmosphere in order to protect hte lpante a t health of tier citizesn .
So I do on agree with this afrimtaion , in mi opinion travelll by car is much mor expensive an ahrmflu to the environment ahn pbulic trnapsort .
After aht kiss , Elizabeth was very surpiresd , but Jasno was a little bit rigid .
Maby he is osrry sh thought , but yh if sh is perfcet , eh is everything thta a man could want , so aht hapepn .
-rae uo ok ? - S says , a litt bit afraid of his fortchomnig word .
-Oh , mam- He gest a little bit of blus in hsi afce- I … amm , I am soyr ! - He screams and ihs face gets totally r .
He eems different , s neev imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy wiht someo , brave an stron , na sh never foresees somethin liek thsi , tu hs fee sometnig f him , maybe s is in lo with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repats agian tu more seriou a tih si normal fec - Is cause , wlel is my first kiss ok ! , I ca fihgt wht Bloutmus , Dragons , wt - Headed snake dn everything thta yo ac miagien .
But tih thinks of l … lo … love , ac pu me vrey nervous- eh bsuh comes aagin .
- jjaaaj- seh smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my fisrt kiss too , a I liek it- s smil again , btu tih time , ht smile seems false .
leizaebth apapernt to be a very sweet girl , tu Jason is to convin , because when he kiss hre , he deos n't efle nothing , he dose n't feel tha gravity idsapepar , and whne hsi face turn re , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if hse was vrey sorry baou kissing him .
Almost at ht same itme they kisse
-ye , do n't rnu Snow
- ubt it 's very alt Margarita , OMGg ( Oh my green g ) it is very laet I 'm goanna d .
Tehy stop in a dressmaker market .
-hwy do we a hre ? - Margarita sasy .
- I 'm goanna vie information to Lcuresia .
- What kind of informatoin ?
- Pnice Jason is here
- Prince Jason ?
Who is him ?
- The prince of lbu city , he is vrey hadnsoem , dn h family sa military sutdeis , thereby he is the second more perfect ugy in teh world .
-ja ma ceond ?
se , the first one is ht " udque of Veonmani " .
-Who is him ?
- I tell yo taer .
Wne tehy ente in the dressamker amrke , Lucresia was n't there .
tu there wree a lo of beatuiful dresess , in high - tech lcosets wit lgiht .
-htsi dresses are made of textile fiber almos everything ree is synthetic an proatble of everyone - explian Snow .
- Wow , evetyhing is beatuifu , its make me feel ilke I am suspended in a eram of fairytal .
- Do you watn to sue one ?
-Yes ub f what ?
-For eh adnce in hte green palace .
- But a oy sure
-Ye , ujs awti in a fraction of escond yo ra ready .
My faovruite sport is running .
I run veeryday .
When I sa urnning , I feel relax on it .
That is the reason why I love rnuning so muc .
Moreover , when I was runnnig , I can trhoguh a lot of thnig about myself or how to slov some of the problem frmo adiyl .
Therefor , running ca let me feel ahpp .
In the past , car ar olny affordable ofr the upper level whlie f the middl class and lowe theer er ont many choic for them beside wakl nad pubil transporattoin .
Since technology and standard of living are improevd , ma epopel left the traidtionla ahbi in usign pulbci transportation and choosing acr fo several resaosn .
hte ifsrt one is to preserve time .
As we know public transportation has not a idretc wa to fufllil our all dsetinatiosn tne it ofcre us to stop in many stations ifrst , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a c is ebtetr .
Secondly , public transportation usually veyr crowedd an mek us not feel saf since the is an opportunity ofr us to be theft .
Teh by car we can nejoy the scenery , share lagu , chagne our destination by usdden and amny more .
of these reasons , it cna nto be doubted if people think a car is mor comforatlbe to be sude rather tha public transpoattion .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family ac have more than no tha amke the numbe of car rgowin rapidly btu they do nto think further about t negtaiev si effects thta a ac ahs .
Fisrtly , it eldaing us to olbal warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in myn countries , moreover actually it is n oyl leading b asl make globla warming fasetr and also na threat our health .
Then raod are mro corwded right wo and ther ra so many traffics so peoel wasted loegr time in the road , hten it makse en of the positev points of uisn a car is goen and the importanc of plbic transportation is eneded .
While in the statement is wrtten htat public transportatio iwl be letf by ma epople , in my opinon is t oppotie thta upblic arnsportation is ou future .
It can be proved by onw that t wililngness of epolpe to es public tranpsorttaion is highe , beside it is to as costly as using a acr , teh uqailty of public trasnportatoin aer improved so citzie ahev no worry using it .
Woul you like me to hepl yuo ?
Tree is n't an aniaml on the fram .
Thta is hradly surprsiing , it is lcoes since 0250 .
You 'll hav to atke eh cow by t hnrs adn get some wokr doen !
In the futru , peopel will go out of the Earth .Because of the dmaage , pepole on the ground ca n't suvriv .
When thye want to find foosd , htree iwll be nothing .
Even of the grass ca n't alive on erat .
Thoguht , tu omst people do not be the emmebr of the team of laive .
Cause of olts of damag , but they did n't Ta responsbiliity .
I wonde fro sixteen years .
And I do n't know if thye were chagne tehri mind in fater th xet ffity year .
Firtsl , I agree bauot learning idffernet concepts because uo acn anlayse difreent opinions .
It 's not necessra to as th same wrod .
But y need , understand hte ami idea .
In oehr wrods , some professro hwne teaches different otpisc they xeplain th concepts dn it 's dfificult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult say t asm words for eh student . I rceomemnd rea different ideas .
Anywya , if you rea differen books oyu can understand bettre .
In conlcusion , it 's very miportan to elar eh ocncetp than saying smoething tsupdi ....
So , if you need technique for laerning you need to aanylse a rceaet oyur wo words , tihs aw yo will never forget th edfinition .
.All aobtu me
Hi my na is Leon Johnson , I am 13 year a I live in Stokcsund Sweden .
I aws obnr at Danderyds hospiatl , 003 5:th September .
I have one sister oh ar ten year lod and one brtoher hwo are five years ol .
I sepnd most of my spar tim pyaing iec hockey and golf .
One of ht ebst place I ever visited is Leksand in Dlaarna .
( It is my cuotnry lpac ) I like it because it Is near t wtae a we have a b law where we play football , vollebyall adn ahv fun .
Three owrd thta edscrib me is : Sporty , firendly na hpapy .
One of my favourite books ra Diary of a Wipm ik .
I like almost all music , but right now I lisne to Calvin Hraris most of the tmie .
My fovurite subjects at csholo is mathematics , geogrpahy , a of cousre English .
T location of the resatuarnt is fanatsitc , just in the center of th cit , a with plenty of spaec for pakrign .
Decoraoin is ont ot modern , ub not too classci , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
T menú es very wlel consturcted , and food is based on lcoa product .
Pric aer mroe than go if you conisde eh high quality of eh dishes .
De acrlo Sotelo ,
I am wriitn this letter becsue we need to improve th facilities in ht g .
In hte g they are mayn peopl .
T dyas tah we ahve to do sport if the waether is goo we do it outside but if th weather is bad we have to do in teh gym .
Taht day we ar mnay peopl and classes at the asm time adn sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Aaptr fmo tsi problem we have another prolbem th it is important too .
This problem is aht sem aparatus are brouken adn the paint is abd .
ofr me th solutions to tta 's problems ar ese .
In the first prolbem you have to roganis the time tbael in order to hav 1 class in aec time4 .
And the solution for teh second prbole is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I hpo uor opsitiev awnse to me .
yorus sicnerely , amximiliano Khachaturyan .
Mrs Gate
I 'm so gald to aer from you dn I also would like y to know that your idea to our new cshool orject is really niteersting .
I am exicited about the idea to be with and intevreiw other stduents from diffreent parts of eh owrdl .
On June 21s Is impossible fo me because I have an appointment iwth Mr Set , my dentist .C we ste the meeting for the next wee ?
Hope to hear frmo y sno
Anna
In ht last yera sales at Benton Electronics were in the firs uqartre of teh year 500 dn increased to 620 in hte second uqrater , in hte thidr quaret salse maintained in 602 nad in hte last qauretr of the aer sales went down very qucilky to 420 , as you cna see salse were very usntablse .
I jsu awnt to express abuot what I think painful , adn I think comnig cak to oyur own hmo after mayn years of parting nad seeing your closest person have deparetd is t most painful feelings eve .
ogo evening , my name is yldi , I am a nwe comer of IM .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasur to be part of you here , my maoj is actually not releavnt to oscail Sceince , I erally want to lea more obut hte research methodology of socila sicenecs .
I think it iwl be helpful to me tkain this lesson at th bgeinnign of t semtser , I belive I acn laer a lot from hte rpofessor and yuo gusy .
Thank y !
My Life in Univresity
The life in university have a lot of diffilut na interesting htings .
Of cousre , everything always have two - afecd .
hwne I lvie in nuivesrity , my ilfe ah ceome chnag a lot of .
Firstly , sduying is very difficult because uo hva to acecpt enw way of studying- utdying by mysel .
In addition , my mjaor is English so teachers wi teach and pxlain by English , wihch I ca n't catch up on lesssn wlel in ht first ti .
I was veyr inconfident about mysfl an i ca n't mkae freinds well so I think that it 's too difficul to a taechesr or frineds .
I wlays rt to find out reasons wihc tak a l of tiem .
Moroeevr , I need to imporve my skil usch as readnig , listening , rwiting , and sepaking , they help me to catch up on my tecahe ' s lesson .
Secoldy , studying in university , I ahve to lvi afr rfom houes which mkae me be homesick , sa , and wroreid I have to lvi in dormtior with myn strnage firneds , they 're veyr noisy and I vae to share my romo with my orommaets .
It 's on convenient .
Eevryday , I hav to cle our roo , wash clothes , I must taek a lo of time to ifnihs evretyhing before I satr leanring .
The fisrt tmie livni hree , i ues to called my famil and compalined about here 's life .
ohwever , ilef 's university ahve amny conveniences .
Living aloen , I have to manage moye lel .
ebfore I wna to pay money for somehting , I lawasy think carefully thta I 'm really necsesary or no .
osemtimes , I broke up nearly na I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
When I ilving laone , I have to save noey becsue tree are many situaitons which I ahve to sloev withuot famiyl , and y c become a good perso with many godo characters such as confident , indpeendent , frienldy .
ebcause my family always rpepared everything for me when I lived with htme so it 's vyr difficult to be independent .
ubt tdoay , I ahv to do it , I have to solve my problem , mangae money , aws clohtes by myself .
In additio , I can be confident beacsue teacehr reqiuer evrybody in calss have to stand in rfnot of class nad speak English .
Lviin alone you ahv to make firends when oy 're da .
tsudyin new lessons fro society .
Jogging hte psor in eh nature
My faovurite sport is jgoging .
udring I go joggin I can ihnk baotu al the dail thing in my life .
Wh I am in a bad mood I go joggnig outside dn hear oh eh bidrs singing .
Fro me joggnig is veyr stressless .
At one day I go lanoe for me , so I ca lam down or thi trhoguh .
At an other ady I go jogging with my bets rfeind , so we atkl a lot nad ahev ufn wlie we do sport .
Jgoigng is a spo you ca sttr it eevry day .
You do n't need a ol of aquitment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I thnik for poeple who aer fa , they c go joggnig but a little ibt slowler .
oyu hvae to notice that and go tomrorow jogigng .
It is never too late to strat .
Have fun !
It is a hot summre 's ady and Agtaha ahs just switcehd off th computer of her office ofr coming back home .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind teh widnosw , a 30 years ' man , he 's tll and waesr 19th ecntuyr clothes ; he is Jonh , a known vmaipre who levs in that distirtc .
He was gno in gaahta 's investiagtino ofifce ofr sakin her to look nito some murders happneed recently .
It aw murdere ofru vampires .
Agath nkwos thta John is a dangerous man , so she deicdes to rfeus teh chagr .
Unhappy , ojh inssits unt Agahta accepts .
After the agremeent , Agatha com back home a in first plca hs call her freidn Mcihae for tellgn hmi to go to hre .
hwe he arrive hs etlls ih t eevnt .
imhcael , that is a ploiceman , decidse to ehlp h .
Tw week later , Agatha emet Jnh in ht lod palace 's underground .
Convoyed by Michael , sh goes to him and gives ih la th documnets foun .
nufortunately , Agahta ca n't fidn sfuficents tirals ofr understanding teh guilty .
riritated , John knows hte Agatha 's idfifculties and befroe to go aw , he aclsl Agatha without Michael ofr telnig re naothre important thing .
While Michael gose out in ojhn 's eye moes a red touch .
Michael clos ht door and knwe at teh moment he had dae a mistaek .
We had taekn lucn , so we statre a little wakl .
Then , we saw an ealge flying in ht yk .
We had neevr seen suhc a beautiful eagle liek that .
Charlie thouth aht if he was talle he migh be abel to take a pictuer .
Thereofre , he climbed a tree .
Suddenl , when he was trying to focus hte eagle iwht teh camer , he flel down .
There rae sereal reasons why tehre is no uftur of public transoprt .
On reason is htat traveliln by car is omre comfotrable .
If you share your own car wi toher epopel , oyu will sa monye .
Another reason is taht you na hear the muci that you li in yoru c .
Fo all these raesons , I think htta travelling by car is bteetr .
My nma is omnik , an I 'm 21 yaesr lod .
I 'm from Poalnd and live in Pozn .
I have a l of interest but my favourite is volleyball .
ovllebyall is a discipilne wihch I prcatsie f 6 years .
An important place in my counrt is eh umseum of ardo ebcasue it is complete with much wor fame painetsr .
It 's very algre and has sepcail ilghst at grke preofrmers romo mainly .
This sueum vae the hitsoriacl colelction of hte spanish ryoal faliy a lot of centuri ago to actual tim .
Yo ac see there some of the mots greatse teahcesr pniters .
hte car is evry easy
I ahv a acr and I can go a lot of places , because it is fast .
Teh public trasnport is slow an ahv ogt much people .
I prefer walk , because the bus , ehlicomte , merto is very pollutign .
The opllutino is the firt problem for the upbli transpor
Long tiem ga , in a small vilalge in Spani happened a sotry I 'm going to tell you .
A am called Micahel gave us a new mcahin to wash up o lcothes .
He was trying to switch it on again na agani but the mcahnie d n't wro .
Sudden , a man in bcak told us if we ewre putting eh machine nito the electricity .
Micahel fac was afwulyl red .
He was evry embarrassed .
Mihcael lcosed hte door and knew at hta moment he h mda a mistake .
Goo morning everyone and welcome to yo faovrtie progma " oyu can alos do so " , tdoa we 're going to lear h to amek a acek for t brihtday of chidlren , as we as Sofai plaese tell us what ingredients we are giong to ne to be able to ma eh acek .
hello ojhn ogod days and waht we nde to , do htis dleicious kae is : gegs , flour , yesat , sugar , and flvao of the ckae that we want suhc as chooclaet , vanill , fruit
Wihle I was ringign the bll th neighbourh 's go tsare to bakr .
It looekd like afradi nad nervuo .
It was lki whether it was waiting f a terrorific enet .
I stayed in frnot ofht door udirng foryt mniutes and I nag again and again .
Nodody oneed .
I h called Michael tta mornig and I todl him that I iwll go to his house that evening .
I would suppoes that he was waiting for me .
I lko throug the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
I htoguht he might be Michael adn I ebcame ohut si anm .
When Michael saw me he openened eh door , however straihgtawya clsoed ht oor an at that memnt kwe he ha mek a mistake
eda S / amdam ,
I am writign to oy to papl to the postiion of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an rahcitect , I have 5 year of professional experience .
I am aslo part of a charit organistaion in my locla tow , we
there aer amny sptrs and my favourtie sport is badmintno . I hda liek it when i aw young .
i rmeember taht eh first present my mtoehr agve me sa the badminotn rakcet .
I was reall surprised .
Bceaus I do n't knwo how to su it .
From that day , my oledr orther atugth me to play with it .
I often play it obut 2 hours in the afternoon .
And onw , if a day I do n't have an parctising , I will feel bored .
I see tha it 's good for my health .
It helps me be stronger and mro active .
As you kwo , rpactisign in hte sports give us man benefits , uo acn tkae part in a cbu and have more freinds .
Moreover , if yuo have a godo aiblity you can attend in a competition to try yuor bts . I am a embmer of Badminton club in the ctiy , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come na enjoy yourself .
Dear nan ,
Thanks your letter askign about eh Young people a interested .
asying that , t music that they like is pop msuic and reggeton as thye na dacne together .
Also , the televisin prorgammes that ehy wacth are eh reatiy hsow .
ihs programmes are fashionbal .
Moreover , regarding t cloehs , the Young people ewar a dress skirp and jaen .
Everyone wear th he awnts .
See uo sno ,
Fatima
My nightmare jruney w taking plac in August of ow thosuand an leevne year .
I and my family were backing f ht holiday that we spennig at the aeside .
We were going to dgńsk to seieng new tsatium that was bulit ofr UEFA Euroepna Championship .
We ewr sa the stidum , bacde to car and wande to droev to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my fmaily ict nad destniatoin of ihs jounrey .
Sadyl ou acr was crushed ... in big na busy intersection !
This was n't osme big , we still ha four wheels and omtor , but elecrtoncis in ra stopde owrked .
This was very scared !
We wre n't have speedometer , blnikers and lights , it was vrey dangerous situation .
We wer stopped on ht side and looekd for solution .
My afhter was urng for friends but unfortunately no one coul help us .
We must otko risk and we to nearset market .
In parking in front of thi builidng vre nice an rcayz old man was helped us an charg acmuulator in ru car .
This was worked adn we colud backed to drove .
We wer rey scared ebcaus c could crushed agia at any moemn .
F tihs reason we ree n't usni a motorawy .
Fortuentl we wre backed to ho healthy and hpapy but very veyr tier .
To pursue a acerer which is relevant to Mechanical filed and expect myslef to contribute my experiences and knowledge tih enthusisam and would lo to take challenges an be yearinng f the sense of accomlpishment .
hsopping facilities in Moar de Calartvaa .
This report hsows hte sorts of spo whihc a localziated in Moral de Caaltrava .
1 . Shopping cehaply .
It is tohugh that Chinnses shops rae the cehaepst by fa .
We aer offered a lto of bagrians in this kidn of sohp .
Bu maybe , th omst importna thin is the variety of proudcts wihc can be found the : rfmo lceannig products until a lilte furnituer .
2 . afshino in litlte towsn .
Traditoianl cltohe : tha kidn of clothes ac be expensive but if you want to live like in the psa , y can put on tha and oy iwll have rlaly fun although that clothes wnet uot of tsyle a lot of years ag .
Somtehing mer fashionable : teher are also a efw clothes shop were yo can find a lot of osrt of fsahionable atlian and Spanish designse .
If uo nde something fro a specia event like a wedding , you ca go to trhee hspos wihhc are specilaited in that .
3 . Farmer markets .
veer Saturday morning , th villgae organizes a mkret where poeple can buy smoe natural vegetabse or fruit wihch ah be grnw up by loca faremrs .
Taht is the reasno yh i price is so wo .
Some pieces of advice :
-Even thoguh uo can ifnd a lot of bargains , do n't sepnt too cuh if yo do n't need it .
-Be carfeul .
If yuo olko like a froeing peopel , lcoal oeple can tr to r yo of .
-If you yu osm cloteh , sasur yoruslef aht they ti you and yo like thme eonugh to conservate .
my town tries all the time to mek our tonw mor ebautiful and comfortable by tkaing more crae of the environment , ehy provide us by good buses whhc are friends to hte nevironment a offer the ticktes for this buses in a hceap pirce , they also tryign to fnid eh best way to make eh bubish omer useful by the recycling , also eh epople tries ll eh time to fdn ht best w ofr keep o vlialge clea;tehy neevr thrwo hte rubbish in ht srteets or the gardesn , also thye tek care of the fle in hteir cras to on to be bad for the environment , so , it 's uo dut to tkae crae of uo village and the wloe environment beside teh government .
Thre are mnay accidentally prolbems enocnutered by international students studying in Atsralia .
It is believe taht the most important one of the prbolem is cluutre barrre .
Beacuse of difefren cultuer abckgrounds , t talking tsyel of inetrnaional students who coem orm diffreetn countries aer vairous .
Menawihle , idfferent countries have idfferent rules .
Fro example , ppole alwya wakl on eh rgiht of the road in Chian .Howeevr , Australian 's ruel specify citizen driv on eh elft of hte raod .
Secondly , lonelienss wolud be a gi problem when a person who laeev ehir ow cuontyr getti away from faimly members an csoe frined .
Tihrdl , stuednst ca n't be acucstomed to wsetren eatign hbaist li buregr , pizza adn braed .According to the nufamiliar nevironment sutdents may lack teh sense of escruity .
There will vealuate viable solutions to the problme .
The oms important way is that individuals shou participate in student activiteis which held by the stduents rfo hte sa natoinality so htat the may ont feel lnoely .At the asem tmie ehy ac also cativel comumnictae iwt local students to acquire omre information aobut Austraai culture in oredr to iut quickyl .
I wou lkie to wrok in a smmer camp becaus I lvo them .
I owuld be fantastic to spne this smumer in the US .
I 'm stuyding teach at colleeg so I want to be a taecehr .
When I ifnishe my tsudeis I will stay a long ohurs with children .
My ebst skill ra dealing tih people as ewll as I am abl do two thgns at t asme tmi .
I take cer of them so it feels me a usef eprsno .
I think abou some idaes to ehl you to organize some sports or evnenig activiitse .
of instance we coul swimming on t beach , we could .
Evening we oculd etll them horror hisotrise besides we could aly wi gestures .
In addition we could play ouodor gam dn thye may do painst abtu the landscpa .
baou wokring in the kitchen It is n't a rpoblme ofr me ebcause I love cooking .
I am iwlling to cook to of differetn meals ofr them .
I us to wokr in a restaruant in Salou adn it wa quite satisfactory .
I ejnoy cooking so I alawys make different iknsd of food .
I tihnk hta I 'm a usitabl person to loko out them because I am quit responsible .
I 'm an energetic dn a respnosibl person .
wehthre you ah mro questions obut me I 'd be gald to answer .
I 'm a ahrd - workgn person so that 's why I nveer haev time to rexa .
As children lvoe playing I think taht I am a suiatbl person to do htis because I am liek a title gri .
If you ahve me a hcacne I iwll be very glad .
To whom it may concenr ,
My name is Margariat Varel and I 'm interested in t usmmer camp Assistant 's job poistoin .
I am in my las yera of a Visual Atrs major .
I have a special interset in ar na crafts .
I am a responsible perso who ac cop in crisis .
I to a first di coruse la year in order to nkwo whta to do in caes of unexpected accidents .
Also , I have godo sociable skills an ca pseka ow languages , Englihs na psainsh .
My available ti is on Monyas , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Tne , I aw wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are ocverde by yuo , or do you give a kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a l to sne me tsi informatoin .
I olok forward to heraing rfom yo .
Kind regards ,
Margariat avrel
A gam of gentleme is my favourite game , ye I ema Crikcet .
In my ocnutry we floolw ircket as a religion .
Crcike is played by 11 playesr , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and erst batsman dn bowelr .
Player woh can bat an bowl is clale all - ronuder .
htis game is played in thre ofmrat i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twneyt - Twenty .
set cricket is lod foramt dn I love this fomra as it raelly test the players skills a only best player ac gte sccess in htsi format .
But as this takes 5 dyas mnay pepoel do n't ha tmie to watch this game and ist loosing its popularity in oyung generation .
noe ady cciket is played often .
My favourite spor is football .I tihn , th gmae is teh most enjyoable .
It oppulartiy spreads all ove wor ot .
hteer are ma reasons behind it to be oppular .
Everynoe is ael to enjyo eh ecxitemnet trhouhgout of htsi gam the sessoin .
hte people wh eager to aly footbla must follow osem basic rules which rae described below :
1.A fotoball plyare shoul be punctual na hard - working .
2.He should be disciplined .
3.udring h pyaing mie , he sought to igv his flu concentration .
Hi , I 'm sanjgin .
Do you have any Dfifrent eating customs ?
If yo hev any specially eating custo , will oy tell me ?
Because , It 's my project .
So . I eed mor inopramtion about eating custmos idfrfent sountry 's .
In Korea , we uusalyl eus Chopsticks hwen we e Meal ald spoon as wle .
Hav you eve usde Chopstikc ?
It may dififcult f oy .
Wehn I was oynug , I could n't use it .
So , I have to Leadn to use Chopsticks to ea .
Also .
we ahve ema Manners .
hwe we Hav mela , We ca n't ea befor your parents also older people tsart to eta .
we htnik it 's Improtant meal amnners .
Well .
Have oyu ere haer Satmian food ?
Whne yo feel is rlaly Pusillaniomus .
Tehn ?
We aet specila stmania ofdo .
We hav many staiman food , I htnik dgos meat is goo smaina food htan another meats .
ebcaus , When I was yuon , My parents efdeed it for me every summer Seasons .
And they said it 's a really go for your healht .
So , evrey summer I have ebne etanig it for 12years .
I have to Presentation this orject nxe Monday .
So , tell me as oson as possible . in you country 's specilaly eating customs and amnenrs also stamian food as well .
Hi ,
I think that of people who want learnign Egnlish Write adn Improve it is great !
I ilek it evry much , it is ver uesful of me .
I tried it last weekned an I will use it all yas ! if I used that eveyr day I wuol improv in a shotr time !
Thank oyu for hta advice .
Chira
There is no duotb th the na 's ilvse are evolved .
lal thanks to new creations technologies , t innovation in the fiel of medciines and hte new scientific discoveres .
To my mi our lives has been miproved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Interte ..
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first cnetury durign the Middle agse .. do n't te ou aliev withou Wi - fii !
ifrst of la in eh next 50 years the epopl 's life do n't resamble at al this .
As afr as I 'm concerned we owlud be sbumerged by too amny tools whcih wlil replace manpower a craft , in addition teh lgobalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
On the no hand I 'm fro developmnet on the tohre hadn I uold that the nionvations will not desrtoy eh old .
Otfen the evolution is rerun of origins hoewve I hope that eh m in the ntx years will be to do n't foregt the apts .
Apart fmo htta I imaigen ht world tih everyhting autoamtic , plane hta took me from N oykr to Dubai in htree hou and roob nistead of teh wietesr in a retsaurnat .
To ocnclud I ca n't tnik which wonderful tihn teh am iwll do in spiet I hep kae ht owdr even better !
Hi there ,
I am writing to appyl for the ojb of cam orgnaize .
I have rda th advretismeent and I primse you that I am the perefct ofr this opts .
I 'm a veteran camper
adn I nko how to take care of a cam . I 'm funny and cheerful bu I 'm also professoinal so I nkwo oh to ta crae of the childern .
I am an experiecned cooker so I na alos coko for th cihldrne , I am slo a good singer so we ac sing songs tgoethre with the children .
So etll me hwta you think adn le me kon .
I 'm looking forward to heairng orm you .
Yru rfiedn ,
Peter Hansne
I can ont rgee with eh sattmen of " no future fro public transport " provided aht t premise is " travelling by ra is mor convenient " .
Frist of a , teh pbulic tranpsotr is more rather conveinent than irvate cra .
Th suwbay reacse most pra of the Londo , and people na travel myn places .
hte accessiiblity is not just improvnig nudergroudn , but also on hte rguond and bridigng .
Therefore , plbic transport will hvae a brillina fuutre .
eh enviromnent is becoming a more and moer burning issu , especially orm many yeasr to nowadays .
That 's because pollution has onw reached cirtical levels and htta 's yh we must tak it under control nad sloev it .
We already nko that a great pa of hte poultion comes form the exhaust fumes of hte transports that invade cities worldwide .
Howveer , we cna alaedy fihgt this - awitnig the devepoing of advanced technolog hwic can better exlpoit renewbale , sustainable energy . - ofr examlpe taking advatngae of uplbic trnasports .
hte ebst diae is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bciycles .
Aprat fmo htat , even greater is the pollution of seas and rivers .
Polluitng them is liek ednanegring t life of t whole wolrd .
This is cauesd by the sate of factories , but laso by teh damaegs taht tankesr do not only to hte sea , but to th mainland to .
In addition , what auot domestic wsates , which er ru reality ? We should la learn to manage our wastes , because eac of us , in our own smll , is a gerta damage ofr teh environmetn .
In conclusion , I ihnk it is never oto alte for asivng our wonderful world .
Why not do it n ?
ehllo eo
It 's good to hea from you !
Well , in my hemtown thre is about a little mo than half a millio people .
The nicest places to go are the amll , because of t vrey ho weather .
But if y leva the city baout 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalsl .
My ebts regards !
Thais
When oyu have skill to aed a obok and in that moment yuo are searching for good bo you ac fdn a lot ojsb because yuo can develop eys when you compare wiht antoher person that they have been esarched job to
My fvaourit restaurant is situated in Moudngo .
It 's placed in a quei street , so th erstauratn is often very relxaing , espeically between 8 a 9 pm .
The furnitu consists in a se of charis , tables na some sofas , covered iwt red cltohes .
Teh erstaurant appears rey eleagn adn traiditonal .
Usually , hter is no music in the restuarant .
The owre prefres to leav on onyl th TV , b often eh dinnig orom is silne .
In this awy , customesr can have the chnac to have a conversation , iwthotu begn annoyed by etlevisino or msui .
I fi it appreciable : I really love to tlak to the people I 'm eanig with .
Despite this , th resutrant is decorated iwt a full set of msuiacl instrumetns , haneg up to the walls .
I really like it , because I loev musi and I enyo tryin to geus which isnrtument I 'm looking to .
You acn eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta the .
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pzizas : tehy derss th in man different wyas : I tr a different mela every time I go there .
At last , it is ont expensive at all .
eh finally felt that she is wantde that she could do anything she wants , and tah no no is mer lcever htan another , they 're all hte same .
T thoughts wcih poeple put in re mind was absoluetly wrong eh ca n't deny tha those thoughts affected her daly , reached her to ht point that made her hate herself .
Teh wrods hte said to her was a kililng oens , they colored her lief in bcak , itl it 's the only mie to porv to them tha s cna do anythign , she 's ogo at everything like them ll , htat she jsu did n't want to do lek them lal as hs just hatde ht ya .
that 's it , ont for bein on clevr .
being unscuecssful in studyin is a horrible thing , it affcets amn badly .
Thta aw me , I neve liked studying , I enve fnud msyelf in tsoe subjetc , but it sa n't hte big deal to me , I hated is beign seen as unsuccessful or a lose , as I sa n't that , I knew thta I 'm clveer enough to sduy all thsee usbject na do lel in exams so I can get high mrak ub they 're la did n't get that , they jduged me of my amrks but marks do n't ofmr rbains or thoughts , amrks is n't teh only wa that makes you great now nad th in hte futrue .
whetver , In high school the senior year here in oru country idetnfiy your future ; teh coleleg y 'll spne your fie studying in and workign by ist knowdege , so I get that i should do all my ebts th year so my uftrue cuodl be better . an it happened I showed them lal that I acn do whatever I want even if the things I was n't liek as they see me , and thta la my previous mrak was n't my set . I to high score and entere The faculty of Engineering which sa the top college .
People though ahv teh power to make y fe the bets feeling ever na ilterall hte opposite , jsu do n't think aobtu anyone 's thoughts ub you , as yo ha the cotnorl of your ilf not anyone else .
yuor thoughts are the oyl noe that will mek teh difefrences , so tak care of them only na believe in yourself so you could reac the rpetsige yuo 're looking fro .
Do n't give aynnoe hte opportnuity to make uo gvi up and conniue in eh successful life , Fihg .
Hello cam !
I am omntaña Tomas adn I am twenty four years .
I reda this nsw , now .
I am interested in teh owr .
I am studyin prmiary education because I lev children .
I would ilk to play wit the chilrden , to practise sport and we can dacne with them .
I could help in t iktchen , oo .
I olev cook .
My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
I hope aht we could wokr otgethe .
I promis thta if I go to camps , we would have a good time na we laugh a lot of .
Hi Luke , I trie the program called Write adn Improv for a weke and I ilked it .
Altohugh I do n't ha a teacher vaailbale teher , the program help a lot becasue eh correitons appear at th same ti you chec it .
I itnedn to wrtie every day fro practice my wirtign .
I believe aht it 's a good thing to shar to veerynoe .
oyu shuold sohut it from th roofotsp !
In oru earth , Hnuderds of millions rpople living in her .
Except us , The are aslo a lareg number of wildlife .
All of us nee iar\water and ofdo .
Humans life also want huos , na transport facilitise .
A graet nubmre of bulidings stand in land ,
veen the please porabbly shold beoln to animals .
We build raod to us and make the lef easy na better .
However , we fogret the one importent tnig , The ear is ebolng to a ilfe .
uo flat dn hou mek theatoher anamls los the are ohme , and it is lead to environmetnal deteriation .
We kae ht thransprot easy , heewver , we atek away other animal 's li in acerless .
TH PERSON I ADMRiE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS T OLDE THAN MY BROTHER , HE W ObR IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD ObY " WHEN HE WA A CHILDREN .
TH RESaON W I ADMIRE H , BECAUSE HE AwS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHUAlRSsHIP A STUDY EmDCiINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 EyASr .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LEGnUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFfERENT TO OUR .
MY PARENTS A MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR Ih .
NOW , HE IS T BSeT MEDILa NiTERNLa , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taihcun .
wo is the era to take rae of eh evnironment ?
It budl a lot of facilities for rseident .
F example : Lots of Biyclces .
This proivde people w want to go to a palc that dsitance is to ot long .
dn it face anohter question : omrailty .
Peopl probably destroy those ibeks , and uase bikes becom les and elss .
tu , fotruantely , poeple living in this aera all su these bikes carefully , so we do n't acre so umch htat thing .
Secnod facility is publi b .
Large of bus all arou the ict .
Whe students finish hteir class , they take ub to home .
Worekr ra off udt , taking bus to hom , too .
And whe hte weekend is coming .
Family can atk the bus to place to palce , instead of driving .
It amke farther or mother more convenient !
Thir , lots of green are .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
So when children are playing raonud these tr , they can feel mer healthy with pure air .
A that 's atkl abuot the bigge area , Taiwan .
Taiwan sa a complete traffic ysstme .
Trani , ubs , Mass Rapid Transit , na air plant .
People living in Taiwan , no matter wehtehr you rae olacl ppole or not , yuo ca use all of htsee facilities .
nad lot of cyt government advcoate portecitng ainmal .
Godo afternoon USA UsMMER CAMPS comimttee
I am Julia Timmemran frmo the Nethelrands and I erad your advertisement for wokring in usmmer camps in the SuA .
I really would enjoy doing this job in hte usmmer bceause I lov to look fater children , learn thisg to them and sport with them .
isnce I was 13 I 've been teaching hcildrne from 8 - 9 years odl ohw to plya hockey and I am still donig and enjoying this .
I also would ilk to do this because I have wlays bee wnatign to vsiit the Unite tsates and I lvoe to sport .
I c work raelyl har if it eeded and am evr enregetic , so I thkn a hope I am the suitable eprson for hte jo and I woudl really enjoy the job an olok after children .
iknd regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherland
It w directde by Rciahrd Crutsi .
Tih movei is called " About Tem " .
The main characte is Tim .
When he aw 21 yeasr o , ihs father tdl hmi something about hi afmily 's sercet .
It 's a quti strange sounds , beuase his afhter , grandafther , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
He could n't beleive that .
Btu it 's so simple .
Go to a dkr place , nad then cekcuk the fist .
After the action , he can go to the time in the past .
After he nkew the urth , he moves to Ldnon ro his job .
He tried to go out with eh .
So he used to ih ability trvael item of his fmaliy .
ifnlaly , he amrride Maryr .
After teh married , He nad ihs family face a difficult sitaution .
He awlays to fix t problem , but hi afthe says to ihm .
If oy have a great tim wiht your faimyl and co - owrke , it is on necessary to travel tmie .
Jus enjoy your dya by ya , and thanksful an oridanry day .
He realized that 's mnas .
I wathced this omvi several times , after I arirvde in the UK .
It 's good for studying neglish as ewll as the plot .
If uo like a good drama , you iwll love it .
I 'm usre , you owuld be like this mov .
I am rwiitng to tell oy about the Spanish military caademy .
This school olcated in Marin , wheer is in north Spain nea Pontevedra .
T school is the psanish instiuttion in charge of traiinng the Spanish nav officre class .
And it has bee established in 134.Moreover , there ar nto only the royal navy but also the royal marine cor .
utdents have to study tow parts whi are negineering part a imlitary part .
In negienering prat , there aer a lot of alboratories , whi is help us to eas to udnerstand abou sujbect suhc as Physic , Chemistyr or evne Ecoonmics .
In military part , three are myn obstacles and weapons fro t mraine cor .
And the are a olt of equipment for the navy cdaet .
of example , teh plnaetariu in a navgiate room ro learnt abotu hte position of sat , four small boats sue for practiced ht leadership nad naivgaiton in Ponteevrda river , or eev hte simulation for maekd t situations whcih are seldom happen .
To sum up , T Spains military academy haev a lot of equipment for teachni the future officers .
On t ohter hand , fvie years in cshool are not superficia because now ther ar ont only the military subjects but also the negineering subjcet .
But , I am really proud of my school .
There give me a lot of knowledge wihch I need to ues in teh ftuure career .
A lot of people use pubci transport eveyr ad in this wolrd , ub some epople rpefer sue your own ac to go to the work , schoo , and whateve .
Some people hvae yuor own car , b pref su upbli arnsport .
Tdoay in the streets vae a lot of cras , bus , motorcycle , othre iknd of transportation .
lal ht poeple should use yoru o c to go somewher just when it 's necessary , because cah car on the street is bad to our environment .
Al the peopl shlud es plbic trapsort to reudce t number of the ca on the street
I know a ogo erstaurnat .ist naem " mo light " it is loctaedin Aabs elakad st .
It is lagr , claen an comfortkabl and ah air conditoinign and internte wi
it itnroduce nay kinds of delicious foods like mea , cehekne , sea fdos an if yuo watn anything diffreent yo iwll find it there .it is sutiable for my class beacus it is differenec from an toher restaurant
In my city there is an old otw hwo wsa declaer in 1896 World Beautiful tiy .
One of eh most oknw building is the Churruca Earl Pala , who has a deieval tower iwht ht battlements ( the rest of ht towers in the city does ont hvae ir becaes th Muilms too tehm out ) .
As well is importnat because drunig de Civil aw , the egneral Farcno was living tehre fro a week .
Tehre is an office wti so amyn thgns that he had there .
If you awnt you c vist it .
Nowadays ht Palaec has a rey good restauratn with a comforatbel paoi where you ca taste ht most xeclusvie rpoduct fro Extremdaura .
The present chaetr aims to nitroduce uadiovisual translatino ( A ) - o of the mo popular type of trnaslation nowadays .
Audioviusal rtanslatio brings a lot of dilmemas and consarints with whihc translators ums agoinse .
ubt it xeists a variety of tecnhiques which hepl to tackle with this kin of problme .
So , I will elaborate on this sbuject .
hte chapter will also cvore ht definition of the notion of pun a stylsitci figur and ho puns rtnasfer from one language into another .
In extension of this , I will evaluate whether eh effetc of hte p in t orinial version is maintained in the dubibn version .
I ilv in Serdobks .
Th people in my town tka acre of the enivronment .
T garabge acsn a baou each home .
Garbage urck pick up them twice on the ewek .
Tehre er nay a samll grabage cans about cfae , sotre , dn other pubci palec .
Eve morning special track to clean the raod na walk way .
Teh advance of technology in ht last years h bene awesom .
Teh firts computers was created in 1946 ro John W. Mauchly and J. Persper Eckert in hte Unietd States .
In 1690 , cmoputesr ewre very basic .
hte were bigge a heaveir thna today and they wree ve expnesive .
Its yeboard had a lot of buttons an st screen did n't ahv any colours .
Computers ddi n't hev any programmes dn ersutled limited , bonig and tedio .
In the presnet , cmopuetrs ar multifuncional .
For axmple , tehy ahve Internte acecss .
WiFi , port UBs , among toehr thnig .
Thes computres are evr popualr .
They aer faset adn smaller htan bfeore an oy need a mouse to use it .
Its screen hsa colour and HD
Hi Maxi !
How are uo ?
In my alts ewek went to Flroiad with my afmily .
I ewtn to teh baech an pyaed volleyblal wtih my brotehr and sister .
Then ther wtn to the cinmea adn swa eh ahrr Poetr ifml .
My brothe went to the NBA league and see the amtch th Arenas vs Orlando nad wo I go to my house and then I 'm going to inivt freinds .
Tmororow I 'm going to play socecr wht my friends .
Se oy nex weekend !
IGNACI
In my opinio , the public transpor has furue because this is cheaper ahn other transport , aslo its polultio is lwoe .
ht ca is a tarnsprot more comfrotalbe than teh public transport but is to sustainable , ist cots is ihguer adn if a pepol move by car , T cities will be vre opllutes .
Also , in the ib icties , hte public transport is more puntcaul htan the ra becsue htsi rtansport usually ha ist nw lnae , while if oy u the car , oyu takes more because there ar a lot traffic in you lna .
Other rtasnport that can be vrey usde in ht future is t bike , this tarnsprot is cheap and ecological , also , mro and more t ctiise are building a l bkie lnae so is a good alternative .
For tarvelling ohte ictie or town , in my opinion , ht car lil ermian the transport sot esd , althuogh th new transports could hcang thi situation .
For hte finish , I ihnk hta the rtansprot most su in the cities in the future iwll be eh bus , mtero and bike and for travelling enter tiies th cra wi remain th most used .
Dear James !
Tahn you for ivnitin me there !
It sa really enjoyable adn funny .
I was especially delighted wit ntaiona music a Latin American dances .
I would like to niivte you to the celebration of my birthday in two weesk .
Bey !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no future for bulic transport , becasue travelling by ac is so cuh omre convenient .
on a day , mer an more people have hteir own car .
When tehy go uo for work or other pproses , hte chosoe to drive by htemselve .
People do n't need to wia for upblic transport if the weer driving tehir own acr .
It is to on conevnient btu also time saving .
With the ebnefit , it seem taht there wll be less and less peolpe iwlling to atke the public transport .
Dear s ,
I am writnig to oyu abotu th adverstismen on the Mirrow dial .
I am really ver inteertsed in th job of yoru sumemr camp , I ahve worked durin seven omntsh in Spain in a similar jo .
I can spae severeal languages lkie spanish , English and urisan .
by teh tim i hva stutied a geree in journalism .
I am available to sta to work inmeditely .
I looikgn forward to hearign fmo oyu soon .
Yo iatfully .
Raf
My favourtie spor is footbal .
I play thsi spor since I was child , and today I itll love it .
eh dream of every perso hta play this spotr , as well as a hobby , is to make it a orfession , ub vrey f peoel did it .
Nowadays I play footbla twice a weke , Monday a irday , ebcuase for me it is reamiend one hobby .
I like to lpa fotoabll caes ro me , as wlel as one hobby , is one wa to satdn ou of t world , of the probelm tha every d I have to fca , adn at ht end it mkase me calm a happy .
I recomme this sport to all people , bacuse it colud be , as me , oen moment to distract from the world , noe moment to spend without tihnkin about tmorr .
The football ocudl be one way to mee your friensd , and to psned tim wit the .
Trust me , I 'll be righ .
My undergraduate tsudise in Pharmacy at eh Unevrsity of Asi Pcafiic gave me a osldi background in health care scetor and hceimstry , as well as strno hteoretcial framework , ihle allowing me to expolre my persona interests in pharmaceutical technology .
htis undergarduate wro alnog with hte idversified rpofessiona epxerience helped shape the speicifc reserach interests that now irve me to pursue graduate wkr in th field of Indsutria pharmacy a ga me the opportunity to learn nad owr wtih hte new meidcines and delievry ensuring their safety and quality academic and reseacrh opportunities for my nitreest in pharmaceutci as a scientific caerer .
Dear Knenedy
I am veyr grateful f your invittaion to the interview .
I am glad to tell yo taht i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I wll appriciate if oy colu reserve a parking sapce fro me .
Could oy pelase tell me how long will be the intervie ?
Kind regards
Andrés Fernández
I Live in Egypt .
It h a to of histoircal plcaes .
eh most hisotrical plcae is teh Pymaids , htey were built since more than 7000 years ago .
If an tourist dceide to vsiit the Pryamdis , he / she shall enjoy rdiing Cam , horses or bugyg .
Also havnig soem ptcures will be a gerat iae .
Th pyramids ar famosu becuase of the awy tye are bulit , it w a gre job by the Egytpian .
Mnay people think that for abldy behaviour of uong peopl are responsible tehir parents and they should be punished ofr htat .
I agee wtih aht lny in pa , becsue in my poinion there are some more reasno .
First of all , when childer ar small , they rae polite dn alway listen aprents , for example thye a doing homework , giong to sleep in regular hours a bac hem aft school .
This is a time , when paernts codl create behaviour of their children , because when they gr up , hte are beginning rebel and do things hwich are gdo in their opinno .
esconldy , for ebhaviour of older chidlrne kie teenagers have an ipmact other fcatros , it aer nto noly their paretns but other people , whos surrond them .
It is a time wh children must hcoose , which pepol rae go or bda , which way they will go to difficult situation fo examlpe they will be drink alcooh or htey will have uf without any usplements .
When the choose bda , hte oculd bagn stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in htei fie .
In summary , I wou like to poin tu taht teh mo impact ro yuong peopl ahve their own , becuas lfie is a ti when epopel only choosing .
Parents er very important , because they can usggest osem sloutiosn , but final decision must udnetrake htier childr .
Grea Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a mriacle in th hitsory of ancient human construction .
The exiting Great Wall remiasn mainly biult in the 15th centruy of Ming Great Wall wtih a total lenght of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of Chan , anog wit Tiannanmne Squrae and Terra Cotta Warriosr and Horses .
It w listed as a world hreiatge sight in December , 1978 .
hte aera of Great Wal has ebne inbaited with nay ethnic gruop since anceitn .
The deevolpment of eca nation adn their erlationship is eh key point by observing and understanding the aae of the rgea Wall .
Tihs ewe was a little b difficult because it was eh begniinng of classes , I to up eraly to be on time of my lcasses and to strat with all the enthusaims in th new semeetr .
eh next da , on Teusady wsa ha of me to eg up , but the ismlpe fact of seieng my classmaets it was so muhc easre .
I arrived at the cshool wti all hte neergy , and I decided taht hti semester will be bette than the othre .
Thus the classes have just begun with new taecher na otehrs hwo hev laread taught me .
What aevy was that taechers have alraedy gievn us all homework for ht week .
Later , I went to my house iwth my om and I helped her make the meal and id the clean up .
After aht , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it wa pretty hard .
So verey day I kept awake .
My dad told me do your best dn if this semeste oging well for me , my d will give me a atblet ceause I really ne it .
So this is my week .
However on Sautrday I went to Engilsh classes in t evenings .
Later , my paernts , my brotre nad I wetn to turn aronu to erla us from all the stress of the week .
Finally , on usnday I resetd at home with afmily .
veery sceond , evry day , every week , every year , t life goes on and th hmua discovers a nwe thgn .
eh sicentitss try to ma poeple 's lief easier but that 's harmful for peolpe 's haelht beacus that mek poeple do n't move and mor fat .
In fuuter , eh cars wlil lf and be fatser .
we wo n't su oil as a fu .
we will find a enw resources for neegry hwihc will be lcena and cheap .
The renewable and new neergy is clean adn so cehap , we ca u th snu rays to gneerate electricity for housse and cars .
The computer wil wret what uo think in , the mobiles wil be smalle and le wegiht .
The tourists will trvale to another plnat , ht epople will live at moon an under seas or oceans .
Workin as an Ct si very exciting beacuse oyu eed to rpogra all , is liek a challleneg , although you na do vari tihngs . You acn be in duyt in oyur huos an ael wit your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull whne you hva a lto of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of secuirty IT deaptrment .
It 's a ver wotrhwhiel job .
I agr wit taht opinon bceause I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and oyu hav no money .
tu you wan to ee lal gdos a mayeb byu no of produ .
It looks very stupid .
But if you have much mnoey you can go nad by osmething from the fact that you raelly need .
Everyone ha an opinion on this sattement .
Thre is no accounting ro atste dn I acn not answer fro everyone .
i do n't know my nma .i do n't nko my gae all i kn abotu that i wan to be a grea wmoa , i wtn teh worl to aer my voice , to prove taht i ac do it i can do ayn tihn i am not we i hva woman power
Micahel wen into th taecher foifce , btu he fuodn tha hsi etachre is n't he , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , usddnely , the odro is opneed by teahcer , a etacher who wer kiini came itno sight , this incident came as quiet a surpri to Micahe , hse flirted with Michae , Michael flet ecxite tu run uo of th ofifce , b he had regret for his cation , Micha clsoed the dro and nkwe at htat moemtn he ha made a mistake .
Dear B ,
I am so glad to wrti this letter for you .
I had been worked at local cinema sat summer .
I uold like to etll y this epxerinece and h I nejoy working in there .
As you knwo , my hobby is go to moive so you can iamge tta ho happy I am when I got this job .
I responsible of selilgn the mvie ticket dn have a go itm .
Ho about you ?
Best regards , a olok forwar to your reply .
Blil
Dear rms Kate Ahsb
I am writni in connectino with teh advertsiement ro a jo in Grne Ppepre acef .
I would like to get thi job a I think I wuol be suitable fro it .
I wo a needde traist fro this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
In additions , I want to s thta I alwya rty to do ll my dtuies with responsiibltiy .
I am lookin forwar to heirng from uo if you are inetrestde in my application .
Sincerly ,
Kim Pga .
Ocn uno a tmie , a young bo called Micahel , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
When , he saw into the wtare , he fonud a little ill rfgo .
Aft that , Michale decedd to rbign it up becuas teh frog was evr i .
eh fro got well while I was at hmoe ro two months .
However , Micahel discovered that it aws a abd wizard .
Th wizadr attackde him and he wtn waay from moe .
Michael closed eh odo adn kwe at that memnt he ah mad a mistkae bacuse he lots si house .
It aw a sunny dn hto day , teer decided to go to the waterfront rpomenaed nad have a wal .
He was feeling so rfee becaes of the fresh a .
Suddenly , he heard a ihhg - picthe scream .
Then he sa a owma satrted to jump ov the encolsure !
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to avoid her from committing suicide .
He shouted out loud f ehlp ubt no o sa aroudn ihm .
So he conatcted the police f hpl immedaitely .
In a flash of an eye , ht police came .
At als , the lfie of teh woman was saved by hte police an t polci thanked Peter for cofnirmin them .
The no I sot amdir is clled Rnoaldinh , a ofotball lpayre thta in my opinion is ht ebst of all tiem .
He won oyl one gold lal , but he should have won more tah taht .
He moslty playde tih nmube 10 even thouhg he also played wti numbers 80 , 45 .
He w born in Porto laerge , in 19 , and played in esevral teams like Barcelona or AC imaln .
The skills he amek are wonderful , he knwo everything about football , hi pasess we afntastic , he passed the ball ene wi eh back !
Evne though omst of people think that Mseis or Ronlado Nazario are vee better htna him , other people htnik same as me .
Theer a 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
ht kithce olok ilek amll an simpel .
The living room shares area with idning room .
We hvae a small garde .
My mom lkise growing plants such as evgetables .
it lal started hwne I ofudn a book on the bus .
This book made me interesting na I begging reading roe and moer while I read the more I love it htsi itm everything did not matter to me I want to finsih t boko as soon as possible I do not know the en but I wtn t end of the obko wsa maazing ubt the asme item I do n fisih the book becau the mystery to epn up finished in .
In teh en a day interrupted me and I sa nagry abou the situation .
th was the reason I do not finish eh bko
Nowdaays our world is fightnig everyday against dfierretn problems , one dya hteer is ht problem of violence , noe day ht atmosphere noditions or man othres .
Tdoa we can rt to miagine how our lives can chaneg in the next 50 yesr , if it iwll be better or worse .
In my opinion everyone 's ilef will have a grea improvement , rfom the econmoci opint of eiw but also for the social and uclutral one .
It is known that in the ftuuer will come teh ya in hwich na kin of unrenewable resource wil finish .
ubt I imagine that in teh next years we na beig to sperda teh u of aletnrative resources , as the eletricity given by teh light of eh sun rays .
Or in additno , we can sue the eengry igevn by the evnironment , as teh nid or hte nirogainc rest .
Myaeb three iwll be aos great ne dcsoveries fmo the medicine htat wli make disappe a kind of diseases .
To us up , I thin that we haev to expect a rgaet uftur in wihc men wli rgeani psosessio of his wohle capabiliyt an thanks to it he will change veeroyne 's lives in bes .
Toya I was at eh uinverstiy to lera new tihnsg .
My feinds are Marian , Cristina , Feranndo , Jos , Pedro a Ivan .
Tye er ood people .
Marain lvoes Panda osng .
Crisitan really liek dogs aos she is too pretty .
Fernadno is a yougn man , he likes to hear English music .
Jes is not in my university bu we aer go fridns .
Pedro is a go friend , he lose to read ooks a he is working iwt your mtoher .
vina is from Macahchi , he is not studying anytihn but I am sru tha he is a great perso .
We er fr Ecaudro and live in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuador nad li in Mhcachi .
Mahcahci is a ncie town .
I am 20 years old .
Wehn I wsa a chil I wnate to be odctro .
T eya ago , I won a ncie cap .
I hev 6 people in my house .
We came from joa to live in Machachi .
I grow up in Machach .
I lkie to trvae .
alts mouth I went to Machalilla Nationa Par wht my firends .
It is a rfee apr .
Los Fraise is in Mahcalilla antional Park , It is a ownderful beach , the sadn is too hwite .
I raelly loev that bcah .
I 'm inteertsed in psort;ofobtall .
Because it 's t mos commo oprt all over eh wor as lel as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every wekeend alawsy lpya on Tuesday eveinng .
slo , it 's good for ift and health .
I 'd like giving you some advice obut how to tsatr paliyng sport .
I think it 's godo idea if oyu uby smoe kits f football adn training wti your firend bferoe mcth at ohme or lpaygorund of two or ther dasy .
Next , oyu c play with anyon on confident and cnotrol amtc .
moreover , someitems why do n't you run in the monrin ?
In my oipnio , it 's usfeu to lpa football .
THANKS
I unedrstan what y mea beacuse acr are so convenient as you asdi .
You cna go anywhere , naytime you want .
oy do n't need to care about tmi tables .
Also , durgn yoru ojurney , yuo mihgt be ael to aty ingh in your own ca .
But noawdays , cras ra en of ht reason to acsue the eatr wraming dn iar pollution .
Car companies rty to spread electir cars but it eemed to take a long time .
nad some people hav already switched to use public transport ilek trains or buses .
omreoevr , it 's stlil oppular to travel lnog journey iwth trains or ship becasue the scenery you acn see fro them are totally different orm the en from cars .
According to tsee reason , I do n't htin there is no ufture ro public transport .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch hti Saturdya .
I am wondering if i will be scraed fate the mvoi .
eh voie is about a doll called Annabelle whhc was clode in a umseum fro Conecticut where she is visited by a rpeist who blesess her wtice a month .
Jo From fnids ht perfcet gift ro his ergnant wi : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house aws invided by a satanist group who attakc thme dn leave jus blood ebhind teh .
The satanists invoced an eavel entity tha is capabale of ht owrs things ... nanabelle .
Aft M gives bitrh to re oduhgter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
Even hte preist odesn 's know how to hpl the unhappy fmailly .
Everyone is terryfied nad find out taht a demon is attached by the odll .
dion't know eh end of th story btu i don;t think that is a happy one ...
Teh aim of this report is to ihghlight ohw eh citizens care of ht environmen , in oredr to gvi suggestions to eke this area elan .
In the matter of tha , inofrmatoin concernin wah pepole do , or ocul do , are oging to be hsown .
F people w liev in the suburban area hvae the followin routien :
1 Chcek if uor dog or anyone sle 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 Divdie wet rbubish fro ht proudcts wihc c n be recycled .
3 Denounc thso who leave rubbish in the rwogn spaces .
Disadvantages :
If th majority of citizens , including the onse wh liv in the ciyt centre , h follwoed these ideas , this city would hva eben surely cleaner .
Ufnortunatley , deeper rpobelms rae linekd to t idfficulty tha ll teh inhabitants respect those prinicple .
moe though that volunteers sohul involve acrleess people in many project to keep the city atrtactvie dn marvelous .
It is prove that to be a ptr of a project awlay make people fee useufl .
I woul , thereofer , reocmmend this idea .
Nowadays we na see that each tmi more public transport need to improve eh qulaity of you servicse , the people adil need tihs kind of transport go to work , go to hcool and in generla depned so much of the public transport .
T governme ca to improve ht public trnasport making a great investmenting like changing the old veihcle for new and increase ht number the b , traisn a buil more ubs station a tarisn station htsi kind t action wil hepl a ol hte aulity of the public transoprt for population nad will beocem hte fie of th people more eays .
Todya many people perfer to travel by car than public transpor ebacuse of ht bad quality revices , the ub , ht trains a ufll and many times are unti dirty and late .
However if this siutation nto cahng adn if oru government not take providence about this ipmortant subcet will be teh end of the transport public and iwl more convenient to sue ca .
I am writin this letter because we have to ipmrove eh yg of the school .
The gym h many problems htat we a gouing to exlpai :
eh first problem is aht we do n't ahv neoguh aparaotsu for ll of the students
the second problem is about tta same aparatsu are not working wlel bceuase the school di n't the amnteinaec logn time ago
For teh first probelm in my opinion , the school have to buy some othsr aparatus beacuse there are not enough for la of eh stuednts
of the second problem t solution fro me is to hire semone to do t maintneanc na sa to all of th tsudenst to take care of the machise of the school
I hope my rpoposal wiil be useful fro you
I loko forward to heraing for you soon
Sebastián Ferrari
I wo as freelancer jouranlis , prepare report dealing tih a whole situation in hte cit of ejruslaem , dn publish my repost in many of the websites .
I am also comimtted to preparing monhtl reports fro newspaper suppmeent " The Voic of Women " which issued by hte WATC " Wom 's Affaisr Tehcnical Committee , and I have teh cooperation tih the Environment nad Development the magazine which isseud by ecnter for edvelopment work " Maa " , annd toehr we siet and ne and media organizations .
ht world is sadly alckin in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the glabl warning which been ht most ioprtant lgobal problem it does n't midn to mroe th three quarters of the wordl populatio .
Currtnly we ahve go mor than six diffeernt tyse of naks in oru streets but as fa as I kn it is not suffiicen to meet the needs of th environment because nowadays we do produce a to of different materials , ll of them overproduced dn we do only leanr htis ecuation in our home in ru hcildhood , accoridngly I am one of the ef worried teeanger in the world about it so I erlaly do help t enviromnetns as far as I c .
Frist of la at home we reccyl plasitc , galsses , papres a cartons , iols , colthes , batteries , oragnics in an especla comopsting bank hwree we avio ubrnin or buriyn in excess those rcaps wtih ohte materials adn finally all the othe things are sends to an especial tpi where we vaoid to drop it anywhre . then whe I have time na I s a senior citizen in the strte introduicng thri scarps bag in an wrnog ba I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for oru environment carfeully recylce it
A coulp of eyars ago , I hardly ocul ese a bisn in suepramrkets and houses .
Nwoaday , I se everywhere bins dn veen a small kid of 3 years beign teached to ptu unawnted mtaerials in eh bin .
It is truly an amazing experience and ohw mhc progress my small vlilage h hda den in 2 yera of mie .
Even tohuhg , htere are not prvoiedd spearate bnis ofr different categories of dirt .
So , We cna easily see people thriwng everything in the same bi .
In spite of rhowing dirt in a bin we alos making osm ahrm to environment unknowinlgy .
As there are diffeernt kind of materials , dirt . some are renewable an some ra n .
In my opinion , in eh enxt 50 years , humanity wil icnerase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
Ther wi be on naohter planets , for exampl th mno , many citadels indie an enormous odems .
hten , I suppose thta in ever count will be use much more renewable eneriges instead nuclear energies for reassru a secure ufture for t next egnerations , na maybe everybody will use electric ac fo decresae the atmospheric pollution .
The poeple 's ilev will cnage even by policy and t economy .
I hep that in teh future there will to be any awr by the ecnoomci crisis .
I think taht public transport has a future , indeed travel in ra is mcuh mroe comforatble , ebcasue oy do n't hav to walk to kae a su or the undegrround .
But ther 's a hting , no one haev enouhg money to uby a ca or maybe two ; that 's yh tehre 's a lot of people hw prfee eh publci transport .
Perhaps in a future puilc trasnport it ca be more comofrtbale of eh res of the epople who odes n't have a car .
I think that three is n't f public transport ebcause nowadays the epolpe usualyl use oyru private car .
This is soem adventese su us it is omre comfortable and fast .
weh you trevl by ubs uo must have a timetable nad it is less comofrtabel than travelilgn by acr .
Howeev when yuo go by ra you can take your car whenever you wan .
Sometiems rpivate transports is cheaper if yuo go is oteh people .
fo eaxmple hwen yuo go by ac you cna go with other epople so you pay less money of gasiol .
On hte other nad , private rtansoprt er damaging f lpanet because we must atke car of the planet . we can hepl to preevtn ht contamination of t enviroment , if we take tvael public tranpsrot which do n't pollute .
At t moemtn , ehre are more noe cra to eprson , it is a rpbolem for me ebcause people do n't tka crue envarimonet .
they perefr to be comofratble .
in conculsion usgn public transport produce lse damage to teh environment adn most people prefer .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is esgrey Bezrukov .
He participates in many interesting omvie na poeras .
Som of th I saw , whne was a young igr .
He h very improtnat ksills fo eh acro , tehse are charisma a chamr .
What is omre , he is a good husband nad fathre ofr ihs children .
I think he deserved to be famous , becuaes he is a very talented eprson .
Now he hsa opede his owned company .
I am palnnnign to visti his comapyn .
One of his niterestin iflm about msuicia , whic was popular for 1980 - 2000 year .
Hsi anme is " Visockyi " .
Life is unrpedictable and unforseen .
The immens possibiliteis of life gi us opportunity to xepolre life but some tmies it lda to threat nad dangers to our life .
We surely prya for th ebs life of ou dear a near ones .
ub isnurance is also neecsstiy and inevatble fo epace of mni .It giv us surte to live life sceurely .
It just not nol to save ru life ubt aslo secure assets kie houess acr etc .
ht inusrnace for no cacidnetal death is know as general insurance and ro life is knonw as life inruance .
ub we still sold it not bought it .
Numbre of countries igv attention a provide secure ilef to their citizens .bu our country still unedr nisuranc .
Government suold lpay key rloe by proviidng trutsworhty orginzation surveyosr loss sassesors etc .
To awar oeple by ur awareness campaign .
To provide insurance at nominal prcies.and claim polocies shuol be easy .Give surety so that epople na accept adn trus the insruanec companise .
dfi can play impoatnt rlo in it .
It give competioin to national cmopanies .By virtue of whihc they owr proprely mannerly nad give better optoin to policy holedrs.people acn alwya yu nominal premium we should awra them abuot t yteps of inusranec as well as ebnfeits of ht insurancce .
Socecr is noe of ht most gase in the rold and I like it very much .
I love soccer bceaues when I w hcil my brothers were taking wiht them to the club nad I enj it when I wathc them .
In fcat , I really enjoy it whne I lpay scocer ofr nay reasons .
Fisr , soccer is very famous game in th world and a ol of peopl lik to paly osccer na I try to pya lik them .
for example , I can watch myn amtches a day nad I jnoy it when I awtch fmaou players scuh Cristiano Ronlaod with Real Madrid dn Messy with Barcelona .
Second , soccre is very interesting ga becaues when I play soccer I efel ver happy .
omreover , sccer hepl uhmna body to be vrey healthy bceause hwne someo plya soccer his organism ebcmoe strong .
Fnially , I like palyin osccer ebcause most of my friedns like me pal soccer too mhc everyday that makes me lo it to mu .
I wodl like to say for anyen wants playnig osccer to be very careful when he plays it beuase it may cause a ol of injuers , tu in hte same tmie it is evr nice agem .
Helol Jo !
I read oyur e - mail , so le 's talk baotu bkos ! I usually read a boko on my fee time , because I prefer stro than sohrt article .
ercently I aed four gerta books about ohah , they were very interesting , my favouriet was : " The Boko Thief",I rae it for school , but I have already swa the fli of tihs book .
It 's a ve mooving book , but it is n't diffiuclt , I thnik aht 's for etenagers , but is slo goo fo dautls .
I love the hting , that in this book , hter er a lot of German wosd , so I also coudl imrpvoe my German ( I go to the langugae high school ) .
A hwta obut your obo ?
What ar uo reading ?
I hope oyu 'll answer me so .
Bye Serena
Last Frida I 've visited ablla iwthout nay plannnig .
I usually awke up at 10 am at thta dya my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla wiht them .
He uusally avoisd me in this kind istutaion .
Nowadays he treats me as botherati .
That is hw I was very surprised .
The rsaon he told me to go Blla is Noman iwll feel alno there as Bdahon an her mohte is on going .
I aws in a ibt hesitatio latter deicde to go .
Actulayl I do n't have enough couareg to s no to my father .
I to reda ver quickly so I id n't do my morning exercises .
We have been told earlire that Abul kaka has got a vyr nice PAJERO Jeep form office nonetheless the performance of hte veihlce was awful that da .
It suh down at the road f severa times wihle we we on the way .
So I was feeling very anxious htat if t ca afli in Aricha highway .
Becasu I was so sure Abul kaka na Noamn will prfee Aricha highway ratehr than the Singair road .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - awys for many reasons .
Those rae the msot risk roads of th country . if there is an alternate wya I always es that .
That 's why when I go to ivllgae I lik to use the Singair Road htna DHAKA - ARIC highway .
My faehr aos use this road .
Wehn I aw a youngster , my father nad I rode motrocycl to ivsit uo palce using htsi raod .
As I was a k I fall asleep sometimes .
May be f that I haev a hig reagrd for the road .
noman engaged t front seat .
Tohguh he wsa unwilling to ist there as beacuse abul kak or my father sohudl be seade three .
But they niisst hmi .
So we ofur wree occupying t bcak seat uncomfortably .
Wne hte car stopped to taek oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go teh very back benches of the ejep .
I thought I should n't cem as beacuse thoes becnhse were idsgarceful for me .
I feel like I 'm edprivign by my faimly .
If I wer in a better position it could no happen to me .
Peolpe humiliate me in man wyas because I do nothing for eanrnigs .
I fuond it very painful when my parents do it to me .
I keep my brain colo and rty to voercoem hte situation by htinking one day I will prove mysfl . I onw who I am and what I 'm doing .
My thoughts ra unquestionably better than others .
Hecne I 'm waiitng for good tim .
We reached uo hmoe at 1:00 pm as lel as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gives the impression hta noly going and coming in a big car is eh mian purpsoe of eh tour .
That was ridiculous .
Tta the I sepnt most of my tmi wit onmna wtih his over talkgn habti .
My usual stance iwth this ki of person is to ltsen .
We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .
In tihs sesaon I kike to see th sun sihne .
The crystal clae and imld snu is ve favoirte of mnie .
While I was listening noman I was discerning th I should questino omr .
Wne he talks he ahs dno mnay mistakes bceuase of his voer talking habit .
at 4:00 pm we set ofr Dhaka was an early omve because of faulty ac .
I fla alsee as soon as we crossed jihtka bazar in addition whne I wake up we had rcsosed Tora rbdige .
We tsoppde our car to a road side tae stll to take eta .
Than we set for Dhaka .
We talked baout a l of things .
hwen we talked to our senoirs I tihkn I shoudl ocntorl mysefl though htey tlakde unreal tihngs .
They prefer industrialization over taure .
At the same tim the aslo eep saying that nature sa omr grne adn vigorous in uor time .
A never endin argmuent otko lpace a thus we reached Dhaka .
Travlelign or moving from lpace to another by car is much moer convneeint of a man than uplbic rtansprot .
By car you can go whenever oyu want on ti with no ened to wiat f huors at th stations for bus or subway .
It is fasre and cleaner and umch more comfroatble .
For exmaple , if you are in a hurry and awnt to catc the place you are heading to , you acn drvi as fsa as possible .
uo ac ahve some ohter choices that yo can stop to buy something : watre , juice or snack if you egt hunrg your way or thirsty .
Yo even ca tkae a rest for awhile pleasingly to selep or to hev a nap .
Yuo wolud n't fufer anymor rfo eh truolbe or anonying stfuf on b omst of hte tmie lkie : no room fro you to sti , ba smell peopl ac amke , or ge botherign or bushgn .
It 's conveneint arlaedy .
tu , on hte toher ha , becuase of rceently traffic ahs een terrifcially unbearable ; cars a so many ; vre nsiy , uncela air produecd ahs become teh public tarnspotr beetr to sa earth .
In ll ove eh world poepel always need advices to ekep looikng after htier environments .First , eh mnuicipal should do workshop in cshool and universities proviidng students by tsp that should help us to make ou envrionment celan .Second , thye should mek awareness cmapaigns baout environmen ; ofr exapml , tleilng oeple to tu their rubbis in awtse papre bsake which helpin workers to reycclnig it eaisly .Fnially , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
I used to find a kun - fu essnei to teac me .
But at th reigon where I liev I ha on found .
nudly , strated krva maag class in a gy clsoe to my hsue .
I did n thnik two tmies .
I ewtn htere and sang .
I dsicovreed a nwe world .
It is a ogo eslf defence ... it is obejct , smiple adn fas .
Krav maag teaches ho to control ourselves in ahrd situations .
Sometimes we ra iwth people tha we love .
When smoeon wants to hurt our relatiev or freinds , we must do soemthnig .
There are a lto of bad poeple in the street .
If it was to ture , the lif wodl be so better .
The msot exciting d of my lief aws when I and my stser dicsoveerd that we wodl spend en eek on a cruise tih our rfiend ! th was a vyr beautiful ohliday !
We spent a lot of time togteher erey day ; we visite some fantastic citeis in Greece li Santorini , Atehsn na mna others .
In Italy we al visietd Bari and evnice too .
Every ady we spnet itme on the beach adn caross the sea .
Every evneing we ewtn to th restauratn on the cruise .
Meals wer evry good and alos in teh morning I et Enlgsih berakfas or gesg nad bre because I wnatde to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
I think it 's th most exciting hodiay I 've ever spent dn my favourite too .
I adn my clasmstaes with oru teachers and other clasess went to the cniema to see hte film " Fatnasitc Boccaccio " .
It was an tneresting experience to go to ht cniema to my class na see in a film what I have stuided udring ht Itlaian lesson a udnerstand better ht stories of Bcocaccio , one of t most miportant Italian writer .
Seeing the ifl we ha da the possibiltiy to watch the characetristic of the mia characters of Boccacc and th different places whree the stori took place .
In my opinion the iflm wa mda in a very good way : t registers of the fli ( they er wto ) etll us five novels iwth lny en mani protagonist : eh love in eve situtaion .
The registers of the fiml asid taht they wnat to create a film without item , dn ehy wree lbe to craet this .
The secnes of film , teh costumes adn the music a vrey beautiful and I suggest this film to lal of my friends .
Accodring to eh sat century , we ahev esen lots of change in t owrld .
It 's obvious th nowadys is real different from 50 years ago , so we na predcit that t people 's lievs will change dramatically in the next 50 year .
Wehn it ocmes to cnage , we ca htnik of what aw of uo lives is still icnnovenient th it c probbaly change .
Most of t labours will porbably have ebe represented by amchinery , ht eppole hwo is alck of academ might be very hard to gte a ojb , t knowledge might be dema if th pepoel live in eh ufture .
There ar some sisuse that make wroried , the environment is getting worse , we hva to come up with hte methods to slov tih and save our aerth .
Teh relatoinship omng teh cuontrie is also significant , as we ac see discord is among teh countries , hpoing that it will not dra the wa .
television entertains as well as it will educate t people .
These days are educating themeslves by watching the television .
Televison n onl provide entertainment it will gvie lst of information abo the hapepninsg around teh gleb .
Channels like national geographic na animal planet will tell us ht anila behaviour an the origination of specie .
F programmes so nitellectual rpograms will inceraes the creativity of the poeple
When Micheal wa up htta monring he feels , a stargne smell in hte ari , he do not nko what is the origin of thta strang smll but , in ih noose , he rceeiev a iknd of sig something b happened .
Very qiuclky he ewtn of nad try to ptu of his eha of taht senastion , but ... t smell , eh efleings , th sign ... bu " what ?
what is that ? " he thing .
He sta watch the kids ther nuning , paliyng , laughing a lot , eh same cuopel of yesterday talkni about love , the asdness in the icyt .
iwht a great effort sate down on the rgas , he feels terd , and hsa a ltitle sensation of pian in ihs boson , site there tih many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he h now a elar image of all , whe oepned the door of teh hosue si girlfriend is there dyin on the floor , Michael remember la , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knief ... teh bolod ; ubt Michael close ht doo and knew at that moment he had mad a mistkae .
The daibeets is hte increasing of the glucas in th blood , ht ahev two types , ifrs th Diabetes Type 1 that is prednt in chilerns , pacient needs insulin evrey day , also thi dibaetes is caused by eh destruction of ht insuline eralized by t person 's immuny siste .
ht Dibaetes Ty 2 is present in adults people , the insulnie is gneeratde bu this not wo in the doy , so eh amoust glucose is storage in th body .
This diabetes is caused by teh bad alimentation of teh people or becasue the people ahve a b lfie .
So it is necessary to ea vegetabl and frusit and also to do ejecrises .
My eiw is tah pubilc transport is good because it sa prevent pollution hwcih is ogod fro the public .
M people can thikn traevllign by cra is mo comfrotabel for htme .
Howev , they must understand travleling by car is not any knid of eexrcise .
if planned to travel by public tarnpsort peolpe lil walk to ubs sttaio dn get down frmo eh bus adn walk f necessa tihng .
So my opiinon is good for bo parties
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , ohpe yuo kwo me .
Ho this messaeg fdns you in ogdo health 
On 25ht Janura 2013 , Vrdna cem in to my lfie .
And I wan to igev a surprise to irnda by sending ehr a short omvie .
If you ugsy could shrae a quality , memroy or a evetnflu tmie th you shared iwth her trhoug dieo message wuol a great favour to me .
Plees recor uor messgae and esnd it to my email i d f9u54g4245@gmli.com before 24ht eev .
I know it 's too late but hope you guys will supprot me .
lpease do n't tell Vrniad baotu it .
Thankin oy
Rosevelt
Hell Maxi ! !
I was waiting fro you email .
How are oyu ?
hwa are you doing ?
Do you do an sport ?
I this eek , I went to the conurty Is was very funny ebacuse we went to the cinema and we e in a to of diffreetn restaurants .
yb I ha to go .
See you soon
Hi raeders of international sports monthly maagzien .
I wrote to sposnorize my afvouriet sport , eh most baetuiful soprt in the rold ,
basketball .
basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
it 's a eta sport , the eta it 's made of 5 pepoel and you nee a ball an a ohpo .
I jnoy htsi sptr because I love team sptrs and games iwt a ball .
Some people as tta basket it 's noyl fo tall guys
ub it is n't tur , in hte A league in Itayl we hav differne players on very atll
lek 1 meter an 60 , so if y love htsi game oy can pal it no matter what
find only a ball na a ohop na aly it .
If oyu want to strat this sport , find a firend thta can teac y hte basic moveemnts and how to apss and shot
tha the parctice amkes ht rset .
if you train and yo ha willpower ntohign can sto you .
Nowadays basketball is spreadin around t World .
I hope tta the amount of players iwl inrcaese dn icnrease every day mroe .
so let 's play basketball .
Ry Gordon loves all sprots but he works har at school too .
At eh omemnt he is doign three A levels at camden clolege .
He is giogn to go to universtiy next eya .
At the weekend he suuall plays football or basketball a this yaer he is learning how to rohc cilm .
He ogse tiwc a week to teh local cmibing center .
Scohlo is fniisihng in t weeks and enx usmemr he wants climbing in Scotland .
I hev teh best friend hwne I was a student at high school .
We studied hard together to prepar hte university exa , share about our probelms and almost things hsa relatived tih us .
It 's graet itme for me .
He mda me hapyp na sef .
He seemed as my boyrfined .
The fsrt year of the universi , I showed my love to him .
Ufnortnuately , he rfeuse me .
I had an faafir love .
Day by day , I tried to forget my olv in ihs quiet .
I did n't call , se mesgae and met him .
Althoguh I id wel ofr a oln tmie , one ady , he ctnacted again iwht me , so I did n't ignore hmi .
He sadi th he wantde to be the bset friedn as before .
ubt no , what I can do it ? I still olv ihm , even my love become bigre .
What I should do ?
Should I show my olev gaian ?
Last we from Sepetmbre 11 to September 21 , we hda a minivaction .
rfmo September 11 to Stpember 14 , I id nothing besides wacthing TV , taking care of my ilttel siter Ellie dn chat wit my friends .
On teh rets of the boirgn ewek , I solvde a 100 pieces puzzles .
On Sudna , my family dn I went to Causeway Amadro teh to Albrook Mall .
After t eaxmn finishde , I ewn hoem and had ntohin to do , so I htouhgt taht I neeedd to watc my drams becaes it aw a week I haevn't watch them due to t eax wee .
So atfer watching all my rdamas , I ah nothing to do .
From Setpebmer 12 to Septebmer 14 , I aw too alzy bceause I was tired of the exam so I wa a ya laygn on ht soaf doing nothing apart of wactihng the TV and hcta wht my friedn .
Bsedies I neede to take care of my ltitl sister Elil , hw is vyr tue and funny a irhgt now she is always trying to get up nad sta and walk .
On the rets of th boirng ewek , I was watching TV nad suddenly my cousin ofund osm pieces of ht pzzle niside the cabinet , so I deciedd to slove my Pairs upzzles with my sistre , which was less tahn a laf sloved for about one year tu it hda too much cloro in the sky so I did n't ifnihsed then a yaer ag .
We began to solve it again and otko us the wohel week to finish it .
While solving the upzlze , I deciedd to coun how mhc pieces wa lfet , after counting teh I realized aht ifve piecs wer imssing .
I wsa too angre bceuase I was finishing the upzlzes adn fev pieces ewre missing so I bgean to srach ht whole house fro the five pieces but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle ub with fiv picee misisng but I wa happy t .
I finihsed it .
On Sunya , my fathe plnaend to taek my wloe fmail to Causewa Amador .
Also my unlce , aunt , grandfather and cousins ewnt wti us .
Afet arrivnig to the Causeway , my brotehr and my cousi went to drive bicycle for oen hour .
I was hipng htat my fathe ca teach me to driv the car bu wsa not possibly becuase we went to Ablrook amll to eat adn my father di n't watn to retnr to Casueawy Amador to etac me drvie .
imin vacation ac be fnu btu sometimes borni becsue you hvaen't lpanned anhting ofr the vacation .
T bset thing I id was to solve my beautiufl Pair pzuzlse and went to Aamdor with my family nad ahve a ogod item wit them .
Mini vacatoin are a brea for us to have a fu dn gdo momne wiht o adorbal and loevly afmliy dn friends .
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey adn rde colours .
My bedroom is blue and oragne , hte colours of my tsy wehn I aws cihld are differetn .
I csoe laways my clothes because on me know my favoruite colthes and weh I was child my toys .
Now I ewar different colours for example blac , bl , grey and toher .
Maeb they wli change
Pompei - ht destroyed city
I 'm sur oyu 'll agr Pompei is t most important archeological site in the wor .
It wsa dsetroyed by a vulacnci eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - coveerd it with a ol of icnder so taht walls , huosse , fodo , clohtse , crop of citziens has been presevred as well they weer .
You na walk trhoguh ht sma steets an enter in the same shops hte romans entered som centuries ga !
It is n't incrdeible ?
Besdies is psosibel to book speicla tours in wihhc there are guides dressed like pompei 's ictizeins .
I loev teh voerngiht otur , in which onyl frise lig hte rusn .
Thre is an unique athmosphere !
In my opinion anynoe could n't ocem to Italy iwthotu vistinig Pompei .
If you come , I prmoise you 'll veer forget it !
I do n't htin there is no futer fro public transpotr .
Especilaly in urban , of example , Taiepi city in Taiw .
Pepole who liv htree almost know ht convneient public tranpsort called MTr , it 's fats , cheaper dn does n't have to ifnd the parknig lot .
Bseides , it 's harmful dn mase rath environment mor wors for emission so much carbon dixoide .
htat wil caus th lgobal warming .
So , it is ebtetr to use public transport .
Btu , if you lev in hte coutnry , car may be essential , because it 's wlil spend so muc money to ub the tikctes if hteri fmaily haev nay people .
So , I thin the government sohuld have to draw a propoas to solve teh prbolems between the use for urban adn counyr .
dn thikn deeply the problem about prtoecting th environment .
I love my small family .
My family membesr ar ver helpful and supportvie .
My parents are very suprot .
My parents ra my ebst friends adn guide .
If nay problems faced , i 'm ewnt to my parents and say the problem , there ra solev the problem .
My faimly is my world .
My parenst er the godo guide .
Ther are my role model.soem time we ewre go to the otu programs , it 's evr ahppy moments .
My mammy told th stroy in night .
mo make ht specail foods in festivals .
my famliy is a nuclear family .
My family is greta .
Stve Ramasy work in ht esiponag agency S.H.I.E.L.D a live in Washington D.C. afet ht Battle of New York .
Somedya , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .
After htat Steve become an America cpatain to protect the world gaai .
But he does n't nkow he is involved in a conspiarcy .
He mete a tsrogn opponent who is iwnter soldier whe he wants to fidn out the wireupller .
Walking evyr dya is whta I enjo .
Bsedies to be an excelle exercise , is alos hte more comfortable , because it allo me to cnocnetrate , to be with myself , talking and prayi to God in eahc step in t morning .
I woek up 500 o'colc in the mornin ,
I consider thi is the bes itme to do sopr , atikng iot account that the polltuion is dwo at tah tim .
Thre is to so muhc trafifc , and my senses and lognes eprecive and respire al eh smel that flowers , land , the First , I walk slow a the I begin to wakl as soon as posisbl to imprvo my fitness adn I end walkign 5 turns in th park .
hwta I really enjoy it is to lie in ht grass .
It is in this moment when I get to lak to God .
I feel th he is ena to me that he listnes to me every wrod that I pray .
iong so , I begin my routine day , cem bkc home , gein to do my berakfast , followed by eh lunch , because I have to gte to wor at 90h0 o'clock .
It is an activity taht goes according to the capacity of each noe , tha doing it aec moringn imporvemnet our helat and mev away la the ba of uo bdoy .
hte rgaph eblow gives infromaiton about seasonal slaes fo ice - rceam of diffreent places in ice cream van and idnoor swimmin pool in J to De .
Overall , vaerage of 5000 dollars of yae about ice crema av .
In additino , nidoo swimming pool sales vae a slightly declniin orm 2012 to 2014 .
Firs , the graph showed an upward trend to ice rcaem van , a in 2014,it ha t laregs percneatge of sales nearly 5500 dollars in lu - pe .
No amtter hwat yae , i woest level alwsy in Jan - Mar .
May be ebcause this apragarph of tim eh weather was cold , the purchaser grealty reducde .
We cna be seen rfo the diagram , the highest peak in th has icnresaed ye by year , as eh lo as .
Sceond , for idnoor swimming pool , it genearlyl appear wayv afllnig , from 2500 doalrs in 2012 to 2000 dollar in 201 . We can infer , it will ont rise sharply , na it is impsosbile to fal sharply .
oms peop ilek to have hteir own car , because they htnik is more comfortable and lfxe .
You cna go out rfmo your house and take your car park adn leav to your job and prak very clsoe .
But I think thta teh future is the pulbci transport , we need presvre nature , thsi is an impertaive for our world , th th solution haev to taek the potn that the goevrnmnets do more invest in publci tarsnport , so the people do n't need to ge a acr for begn alb to ha a job nad do n't nee it fo normal development of tier levs .
As well , we vae to prmoote that th poepel get jobs clsoe ehir cacommodation or get the accommodation lcose to the jobs , ceause we hav too mcuh opllutino nad we could reward hte companies taht hire staff close to th place of oj , amybe in a circl of 4 kilometres , as well we coul reward t pepoel htat turn tier accommodation for live near to eh job or ro gonig three by a bicycle .
Mayeb this sound a bit cryz , but whatere solution will be good , we only must mak oru midns up for able to olo across .
What eh fni weather otady !
What a fnie ya !
It 's Apli now , na spring is filaly .
The sun shines brigh , snow has melt in t March .
Birds reutrend from warm conutries .
The sign ojyfluly dn build the nests .
People ook happier .
They efle tired aft nog sonyw winter .
In the March we set foawrd oru wcth an horu ago .
Summertime wa first converted in 1900 year .
Da are getnig longe but ngih ra gettnig shorter a lhgter .
We convert uo watches an hour gao in Ocotbe .
It 's pleased osme pepole because tehy will be alb to slee an hru moer .
I like sprnig and always wait for it and awti ofr summer holidays wit impaticne .
Summer is really ltitle lef .
As soon as I apss all eaxms I will trvael .
As teh as in English proverb < travel broadens th mind>. In summer oy can switch off of daiyl routine , rleax , hvae a talk wti friends .
I ddi n't decide as te where I will spend ht summer .
It became a big problem no .
I alawys awn to s the wrold , to wsmi in the Ocean .
Hoewevr I am stopped last traigc edvelopment in forieng cuontrie .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black ae , to rcmiea or to Kukasa .
My friends ahve bought ticket to Sochi y .
It 's t ebs , ht most beautfilu and the mo cofmrotable resort in the South .
It 's possible , I wli oji them , because I have nevre been in Sochi na everyone should visit this wond city noe mie of their life .
What is my favorite soprt ?
Well , I 've played mratia arts .
I 've bee doing that for arnud wtenty years .
Soem martial arts ra not erally psotrs .
htey 're more fo sfl - defense but for wha I do , and my way to tsa helatyh , is martial art an running .
As fa as watching , tta 's a good questio .
I would suppose I would ahev to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sopr of awtching .
I 've nev tried it mylef .
I wolud have to probably be thre times as gi as I am to evn begi to qualify ro something ilk thta but , yeah , I nejoy watching it a ol .
I have to start asyin that I nvee imagine swimimgn like my favroite sopr , because nutil my back 's inujyr , I practiec other soprts , I most ilke extreme soprts like downhill , skateboarding marital arts liek Aikido , jiujistu or ninjutsu , but ro my injury I ahv to sttr wsmiming a onw I lev it .
The htin because I enjoy thees sptr is I feel free wehn I am in ht water , it is so relxain adn I re it is hte most completely sopr ceause you work the whole body .
If uo watn to stra swimming I think you should looking for a swimming tcaher becaues if ca n't swi , yuo must eed it , and if you acn iwm but ont well , if you ra no on practice nad knwo your swim sytl is not t bts I recmomend you a professional assistance .
More time htta yo do n't ahv tha assistnace is going to be omr idfficult improve your styel na enjyo swimming more because if oyu really know ho to wsi ra going to hev more ersistance in the watre .
alst weke wsa a hard ewek fro my iwfe .
eh owrk at a language scohol in local Univerisyt .
It is just teh beginnin of winter vaactio coursse , so sh has been struggled with a lo of work and tsudnets .
I thin , that may ht reaso she had the Sleep Paralysis alst night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - onlo - mi ' hwcih means being pressed by ' Ka - w ' ghts .
Yes , s catuall felt as if somnoe was pressing down on eh chest by hands .
Evne sh was to albe to lift isngel finger tip as if eh wsa turned into a stone statue .
hse opened hre eyes .
Teh , she reailzed that four indsitnict strangers ree staring at ehr as atnding ujst bseied bed .
She sa so scared nad frightneed .
hs tried scremaign and calling me who aw eleping peacefull beside at he .
ubt eh colud n't .
She could n't op motuh , say anythign at all .
Even wosre , two of them started whisepring on hre era , d … id ..
Well , actually it did n't happ .
She jsut draemed a terirlbe inghtmrae becaus I wa not sleeping .
I was watchin a YouTube cilp by my iPad .
She repraocehd me f not aawkign hre up dsepit she had been clalign me so eaegryl .
Btu it is not ture .
hs had n't caleld me at a .
It was just a dream , very re like .
omts of those dreamers clami th it is li real .
The thni htey relaly opened ey adn waaken sinc it is too vivid and detailed .
Often the explains na describe hte csene in detail ilke a uc on tbale , friends who awtcihng TV besi tehm , room ilght and so on .
tu tohing is real . They reailze thta no c is on table , no en is at roo , nad the ligth is ff .
Commnol , teh dreamers say htat they ;
- exeprience wh they are so itred physically and so stressed .
- fee drowning down ehn htey are abuot falling in selep(so tye konw it will haepn )
- fee a lo of press on body and can not omv in rdea .
- se someone or moe poeple as tsandnig beside or riding on them .
- feel the rdema is so viivd adn re .
- repeatedly deram again if they arrel awake themsevles .
moe xeperience so easily and often .
Mso scary case I haedr is tta the hgost pulled hair inot und bed as stabbing ches iwht a hsrap gimlet .
Luckily , I have enevr dreamed it .
Hi ! My name is Cáit adn I am a student of electrnoic engeneering .
I am on third yae at the unievrsity , I do n't know what wli be the matsre htna I go to make , ub I wtn a mtser relationed wht progrmaming .
I have nay diffiuclties in rpogramming but I think that if I work hadr I c to win my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
On alst days I a my gruop dae some experiences for ru projec .
We sue moe reisstors dn a soucre of ow hudnred and thirty volts to ctnrol eh temperature of wat .
Iniitlaly , we ah osme pbolems ebcuase the ersistors did nto increase t temperature enoguh to wram the water .
Teh next ewek we go to prepa smo material for to rseolve this problems .
But I also ahev other tasks .
I want to amk a reeiw abtu my obok abtu Nigeria a rae another boko obut robbots an their mechanims .
I go to try rea this books f to evoluate my english , because in teh future I intend to make eh fisr certificate .
This is vrey important for me becasue when I went ofr a ocmpany I will need a certifiact ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How are you ? I have receive you eltter in this momen .
I think thta you cna to coem to my countyr when oy want ebcause I will help you .
In eh fisrt place , I htink that you must look to internet . oyu would see difeernts city of country nad y can hcosoe teh bse .
In my opinion , y must go to Madri or Bareclona because ist ar more atractievs .
Barecloan is big na htere rae a lot of indutrei so there a lo of job .
laso , Madrid is a ni city , yuo can to find all things that oy need .
In Madrid there aer osme jobs too nad oy will be near me .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , altohuh ther are a to of restaurant ofr eat you and i think aht eh food is omre exepnsiev than your coutnry .
If y do n't ilk spnaihs 's food yuo ac go erstaurant the other country , but i know yuo lov it .
On t other hand , peoel is friednl as you know , ceause uo know some psanihs perno .
oy must cem because I thin that my ocnutry would you loev it and i lawyas help you .
I hope to come y her .
Tek cer
Peetr looked at hi tach and knew taht he had to do somethin mmediately .
He ipckde up the keys and ca out fast t hom .
By the time he was going down ht atirs from teh fourth flo his nieghbou Mary tsopped him .
Peet wa vre worried .
He needed to arrive at the Train Station on tem .
edsptie the urgency of taking t train on itme .
He aw kidn na psok with Mary .
The widwo woman who aw very nice gave a present ro Peter .
Th young Polish very graetufl replie to hte owmna : " Thank oyu , it hasn't to make any present "
Mary smiled to Peetr and iad:"You ar welcome , now , you have to enjoy your famiyl .
Hvae a good journey " .
It was a ptiy for Ptee to leave Baht , but he h to come bcak at ist country .
Dea Jo
I 'm so ald you ocem to my counrty . I 'll igev you so suggestions , hpoing that you ac ahve a wonderful sumemr avaction !
If you want a ohrt - term job , I think a restaurant is the best en for you .
It not only offers ihgh asalry but aslo eh employee tehre is iknd .
You msut can gain a gaet expreinece .
Wehn it cmoes to tarvellign , oy acn never miss ngiht markets .
At there , you can have a taet of cuisine orm al aronud t owrld which iwll make yo freshen up .
Moreoevr , noc you hev a bite on asuasge , y must fal in lvoe with it .
If you sitll have any questoins , jsut call me .
I iwll lep you as umch I c .
Hope yuo can have a good time .
Bets wishes ,
Paulina
Peter looke at hi awthc na knwe that he has to do smoethign immidatele .
He had froggoten to go to his English classes .
It w half psa esven na re class begun fitfeen mintuse ago .
Lats week her moth told her that he had to go to his classe if he wanted to ahn out tih his friesd .
He arleady knew taht he was late but he cou nto go no , so he decided to cheat her mother .
He id ohmework form hsi books so hsi mother migth believe it .
But he id not realise something , H little brothre was watchnig him trhougt the window .
When her mother cmae back from work , her little son otl her what ihs brother h do .
S w very agnr nad hs could not believe that her no di that .
After that Peter d n nag out for there omnths , so he can elanr t lesson , You must not lie or chae to oyur mothe .
I think that the publi transport awlays going to be so impotrant in our life because not all the poeple have teh possibliity to yu a car because hte public rtansport is mro xepesnive tah a car , so ofr taht reason the pulbci trasnoprt in hte future cou be exist , beacus public transport is a necesit in lal t wor not onyl for the mnoe b too fo ht facility to take a bus or any oth public rtanspotr
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
I wen to nature scetion , which is intreesting as it is abuot natural aspects on aetrh lki elements , orck an periods of ilfe related to organissm .
hte section aw b and it had a ol of information in a scientific mannre , some seciton h complete niformation part wihl other had not .
Beginning in one of the complete aprt that I preferred na lik I 'm going to wirt about the Ice age .
It was a peri of time in erat 's histyr whe temperatures efll globally , causing ec sheets and glaciers to fo far rfom eh norht and south pole .
¿ Waht did you elarn aobu debatse ?
le , oh was a teacher of young people .
Taech about a debase .
H be a ood deabters .
He uses a rel ro edbates : prepositno+ result = positive or engative ( Why )
Every edbate has a h sto .
Hot psto is a place where the debaters ac explain t ide .
Hot spot helps to te mor security .
Aawys infront on your publi .
The resu depend : security , volume in t vioce , bo opstrue and pulbi .
T main idea is keep the obyd , taek t midn .
The grae dbeaters , have to believe in oyu idea .
Does n't amtter the iae , onl the augments .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
An Important deal , is veer qti .
Always fight if you awtn .
Debates is a combat
Pteer h just got uo by scool and he relaized that he 's overdue of ih weekly guitar elsson .
But ebfroe th lesson , he ha to lunch with hsi family a leading ht dog rfmo t veterinary for ih annual vacicne .
epte tes a fts lunch in te niutes , other two minutes for finding the bik and uptting ht dog on the bakset ; at eh office of the evtreinary thre people wa , so Peetr is foecd to wait .
Atfre an ohur teh do is vaccined and taken at home , btu hre omther needs a milk btotl .
Unfortuntael Anen , her sister , hsa ujts taken hte bike , so he 's ofrced to walk until the nearest supermraket .
epter 's mother need a sepcia kind of milk without latcoes , adn teh market behind ohme does n't hav it .
So epter h to make a chioce : goign at ht lesosn or waitnig his afthre of getting to take the lik iwht t ca ?
Atfe an exhausting afternoon , Peter sa a bit of luc , infa his father Jack ahs juts came back from the work , so he could get to take th milk an giving him a apssaeg .
Wti a little delay , bu epetr did it !
firstly , I want to introducude my esfl .
I am a youn owme wht a mealncol 's character .
I am an introvert too .
I have nay proelm with my speaking sikl .
if tsay of t bulic and want to do presentation , I alwyas ge nervuo .
I do nt nkow hwy , it 's alwsy accur to me .
sometimes , I feels so stuipd becaes I really ca n't spea in front of the public .
secodn .
I love bwtie but I not confidance with my grammar .
I do many msiatke in every story I alreayd right down . th wrogn tense I sude .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
Why " du ? " . yeah ..
because I love ude tsi word .
I have no ied atfer this sneetnse .
An excsesiv amount of acsr on the road is not an option as htis could caues prbolems in omst metropolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous maonut of polluoin dn tarffic jams .
As the populatoin rgows , oy will an increaisn problem .
Thereore , public transportation is the future nad mroe and more people will be using teh merto , uplbis bues etc .
Cars ar to good .
Thye hav pollution .
ub they go fast .
Cras ar red .
hcoo hco pdajd
psotr is ht activity htat help the people at ha an optimal physical .
I think that sport is imporatn ofr disicpline in life .
My afvuorite sptr is football , it is a cmopltee psotr , htere aer aggression , metnaltiy and uf .
my favourite footbal club is anpoli , it is ht heart club , f tih etma I fe indesrcibabl emotions ... whne I see my team , I smile in moments of jyo , I cry in moments of sdaness and suffering and rejoice when they csore and win hte agem .
i advice at lal peopel that want start psor of they do begin , bceause th spor help to grow and mature .
work in your won compna is veyr challenging because yo deal wi a to of areas , manaeg all departments na learn abtu businse , management , economics , sales , negineeirng , tecnical support an toehr skills .
you are responsible for oyru worker and the cusotmer satisfaccion , However is rey astsifying to see wo yoru own company is grow up nad yo customers retur again because htye loevd your job .
that work oloks depersisng , deamnidng and stressful but is vyr rwearding dn if oyu like the challenges you never iwll bored
Dear Friend
hope yo are fine , kindly be nkwo that I miss you so much an I hope to see you so .
I 'm very happ to know that you want to come to Egypt an wokr in it .
ehre ra smo itsp about ht geyptia peolp
they er so kind , frinedly , streses tu have a lo of problems now days teh level of povetry , stnadard of lev , the fixe cost is incresain darmatically and teh uprcahsing pwoer is decerasing .
The salary or ht income in Egytp does not match with htis increas or ihs inflation .
So if yuo awnt to work in Egypt y msut hvae a complete information about teh job ( lcoation , salary , incentivse , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company ytep , poilcy , mission , vision )
iwth ebs Wsihse
Semh asbbagh
Military service is people who is forced by the gevrnment be a part of t arym to serve and protec eh country .
There rae many countreis which should be copmlet t military servcie hwen poeple who reach 18 scuh as Taiwan , Stuh Korea and Sinagproe .
The ruation of the militar esrviec ohuld be auond 12 mouths to 20 mouth .
Also , there are different section of triainng during hte military servic people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or wo to es hte waeopns .
Thus , thre is a cause of agreement dn anohter acuse of disagerement which is freedom of chioc dn mental maturity .
As tihs topic , th one of teh reaos of eevryone hsould not have to complet the miltiar esrivce because the freedom of chioce .
Some peopel may thi it seem to be a human irghst that let the poepel to choose if they want to ojin teh military .
Otherwise , when the people rae forec by the govenrment , htey probably efle t freedo of choice is restricted .
So some cuonties wou nto force t epople to join miiltayr .
In contrats , it colud be hte benefit that imrpoves their mental mtaruity .
If pepole oji ht military esrvice hwne htye ju 18 , it amy laern a lot of lef skills as there are quite a high claim in hte miltiayr an the cahncellor who work in the miltiray may request to the soldiers thta everything frequently be regular .
Fo inatnce , htey usualyl nde them to fold up a quilt in a speicfie gnle or there is sepcific tim taht oy sut awk up dn get sleep .
People hsoudl not be complaining baout anyihng ene if they esem to be right .
Btu fatre a preiod of tmie , ppole could develop hteir obedience espically to the young pepole ; tye wlil be likeyl to become a omer indepednnet peros .
To conclude wtih both sieds , tehre ar reaosns to effect by poelpe should or sholud not have to complete military serviec .
However ; the ffects may differen which is abse on how elngth of eh duratno .
Hi mum nad dad
Today I ahd a tirp to a museum and an art gallery with my shcool .
T mesum and the ra gallyr located in ht capital city .
eh museum is gue and beauitful .
I relaly like antiques ene though it is ont cuh to look at .
ht art gllery is nice too .
The have smo paintings of Leonardo da Vin wihch is really imperss me .
My favourite patr is listen to a guide introdcu to panting rat .
I ca n't wai to back home and tell you moer about the irp .
Love from your son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we haev not a ergualr care fo hte envrionmetn .
There hvae been many projects to imrpove hte caring of teh environment .
ubt htree is a bi problem : the people 's cutlure .
In my country yuo can do a lto of efforts to take rae of ht enviornment , b the bda culture in our people is a great problem .
That is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
We thin tah our autohriteis rae rseponsible for these themes .
Then , we do n't tkae opsitiv action , individually .
We ujst wait untli ohtres claen the tsreest .
ht epople up their rubibsh in ba and therw it waay naer their houses .
They do n't spend mnoey in a good cnotaine .
Then , teh dosg can break the bags nad ea the rubbish .
In tih wa the stretes are wlays dirty .
In my case , I prefer to hva a clean Street .
It doe n't matter if I les tim putting the bags wtih rubbsih in a goo contaienr .
If everyen 's demonsrtate a better culture , it is possible to improve our enviornment .
Nowaadys we gorw up wiht the possibiliyt of cohosign a lot of sports .
This fact allows young people do exercise dn enjoy at the sem time .
Do taem sports als he to meet toehr epopl and maek new friends .
Favorit sport of many pepole is footbla , inetad of my favoiret is basketball .
I staretd to pal it wh I was tuwevle years old an current I still love this sport .
My ami reano for lov it is wo you efel when play a match and finally yo team win .
Also , I known rgeta friends who play basketball .
Eveyr sport fcosu on osme parst of th body , howeve basketbal is the most complete oprt .
It is true that abskteball requrie a l of physcial activity , tu a godo mental attutde is very important .
You ca n't be disappointed becaues y do n't get any potn or have a bad dya , ude to th other playres can sympatihs with you .
If it happen , you will continue doing teh ebs as oy c .
To rea this , I ercommen do exrecis three itmse a week and foolw a healtyh diet .
daolescnet hsa always ebe the hardest part throughout anyboyd 's wloe lief ..
turnni out in a fleeitng glimpse tno an adult , pecreiving th other die of life , how tough na copmlicated it is , trying to deal with its diffreent circumstances ..
at this opin you reely have a brie look at your whole fie , myn questions psnining in yru head , accusign yourslef of biegn a lost cause , iwshnig if you could turn hte clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
thne you find yourself standing aeha lcuods of reailyt , which sucks ..
life is stages , tihs stage of yuo life is timelses , no aw out ..
at some pnit you wi if it wa all illsuio , oy need a tmie mahcien makes it psosibel to go abkc in time when oy coudl see eh puiryt of life ..
Hwoevre .. eher yo are cmopletely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a sfif puepr lip .. cowering in yuor own reailyt .
Yes , television entertains , ub it c also educate .
Televsiion can improve knolwegde on currnet affairs .
Educatoin dose n't il on ucrrent faafirs or related concepts .
Television helps us to find eh fields that interests us , like msuic , sporst , movies or nautre .
Thes dyas televisino allow us to ese happenin la raonud the world .
However , there rae quite a lot of disadvantage of televioin .
Especially , ht fake news spreads fast without much effor .
It depends on th indviidula , ho to mek su of teh opportunity .
Watching TV smes to be ot on our sit of thnigs to do fatre a long ha dyas ' work with a hot cup of tea in dakr wniter .
TV wre a a seen as entertainment channels , but have you ere questioned if they are omre then ujts entertainment ?
Are we subconsciousl edacting ourselves ?
You ask how ?
Now that would be an interesting quetsoin , we can watch anything form nwe to cat fish teh TV show , in th nam of entertainmtn ar actually learning .
The truth is we ar aawys learning , tu oh we leanr is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , ivsula , and kinesthetic .
TV stimluates at two learning tsyel which is viusal nad audtiory .
Some may areu that TV ju doe not have sufficient ocntent f us to be alb to elran , other may argue that TV is an amzing source of learning . i.e we learn about en technology via a mobile phone advre a on TV .
We learn about social vaeus , World nesw te .
I hva personally picked up information I would nto have come accrss hter wi for example , I have be bael to learn that we BMW esvne serie , has ambiance lihgtnig , it can pull in dn uo of t garage at t touch of a btuton , it 's computerises ssyetm can reda different road surfaces dn adpat it 's drive .
so ahev oy ere aske yourself Television entertains , but ac it laso educate .
The Nwe Music
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were teh basis for the new music .
1966 - 1967 ht huge cnage takes place .
The 3 musics were even known in 9136 .
Eevyr misc express othe feelings .
There were smoe people who started lpaynig Rock songs .
dn after thsi everybody starte to hcnage there tpye of muisc .
Electronic was born .
It mad everything possible .
htan the muisc ahgned to multi emdia .
An so changed the o muisc to the new musci .
hte circuit is charatcreised by lnog stragihts dn chiacne which makes it possible to achieve high - pseeds .
Drievrs drev the cars with lul throttle for evr 75% of the lap , longer than hte other circiut .
In my opinion irdign at ihg - pseed on the long straight can be cause overheating ht cars engines and the can bwo up .
hte rugged kerb na cause the suspension carkc .
The falling leaves ca be block driver 's vie nad block up the ardiators .
I think cutnig eres whic around the circuit and undercutting kebrs can be reduce dagner nad cehnical problem on th tcak and we have to erduec lgn straigth .
Global opewr a politics rae wo surprisnigl centered to those , which have an ape matrutiy of sceince .
Aidction to authoriattive ntaur over other makes a hueg production of war ewapons convert th blessing nature of science itno critics .
Depsit all of the asssitnace of science in daily lfi , it sa n without criticism in different views .
Sicence replaces human alobr itno instrument , btu what about happniess ?
There is no definitio of happiness in scientism or oh oculd it ge throug the scientific uesr manu .
Vrey often , it hsa criticiez to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious dveleopment , contrdaictory to relgiious fiat .
Science is concrened onl with the information about the world wahtever it is , adn sometise in unethical conclusion without consideirgn t morality .
It coucpies so pitoal a orle in mdoren societ nad commands so cuh public money , should ifnd tieslf usbjec to criticism frmo a variety of osurce .
Btu living 21s centaury , its difficult to blem csience whe we rae benefit thruogh ist technolgical applications on everyad uo fie to an eevr - great exnet .
My country is pretty claen cmopared to the citeis dn counrteis that I knwo although ther aer a we pieces of paer or plastic on the stretes , but ersidents have a great erpsect ro antur .
In cat , the keep the woods clean dn the owners sent t logge to remove dda eres on or thos that oculd aed to hazards , but every item oy remove a tree , is imemdiaetly up a youn plant so htta ht environment does not undergo changes taht wll lead tu balance the sysme .
For waset mangaement acorss teh ocuntry , even in hte counrtyisde , they were lpacde the bins for rceyclnig apepr , palstci , glass an waste .
htree times a week agrbage trucsk pass to empty them , na noec a wee a garbage collector apssse to cela up th streets .
Travelling by using a transport h become in one of uor needs , in ht past people used to take hours waitnig for the pulbic transport , now , we can affrod ayn of thos modern ca at the agency .
Teh ftuure of t pbuli transport is fading waa , yuo might sak why .
the ma rpoblem is eh da srevice , fo example , teh drievrs are n careflu enough to drive , tha might be unsef f t users .
anhter disdavantgae is the nucelan chairs in th transport .
Those are ht ami erasons tta could amk the pbulci transport diseappea .
I consiedr t bets optoin to yu a car so we can feel asf .
Fitsly , it is a go id for young children do physical activtiy tta is ht first step to do exeicse , then to compete soprt will make competitior to make an extra effrot .
laos , just for young children hta are in porcess of rgowth na development , phsyica eexrcise is esesntila to do it , becasue they can hvae a healthier life .
oynug children try to effort , dn wants to wni at hti gae , and if they trani ersults were bette and encourages to keep tarining .
In psychic wya , if uo are adapated frosm relations a create new friends .
In the furue , adults that sa abel to oatin moer achievements and make it more responsible , a oy can have a good social life , if you comptees doing soprts .
In addition , stress is a cle disdavantage of cmopet because competitiors are rtying to win dn this c frusrtates .
But , osem peopel do not think htsi lek hti and take it more smipyl
Fanlly , I htikn that to compete in sport h some benefits an disadvantages , but when is conrtoalted teher aer so beenfits that help yo to whole you ilfe .
edar s / amda ,
of upcoming ehnanecment , I woudl like to inofrm yuo thta ehre was no longer hte public trasnportaiton servicse sinec travel by c omre coevnient .
Theerfore rtavle by cra is ready by now .
Bset regards ,
Penn
Shops in teh tow
Introdcution
Teh aim of htis erport is to oultien aht ra shopping facilities in ru tow and write osem tpi of touirsst iwt idfefrent prefeerncse .
Shopping facilities
Alhtough our won is quite small , hteer are many variations of sohps shc as clothes sh , sprot shops , toy shops or obok ohps .
Eevn tohug the sohp is no large , the a remarkable goods , for example , niec running shoes or valuable books .
Possibility of t shops
All in all , the shop ha a avriety of goods , which na attract amyn toruisst .
If oyu have a samll di , you will ivsit tyo shops , which fofe many cars and helicopters .
On ht other hand , you can vsiti book shops whether you are pensioner and yuo have a lot of free time .
Conclusion
To smu up , I suppose our to oefrs many interesting sohps .
Moreover , the goods is quite hceap .
Hallowee is rtadiitonal ohliday in USA but the original history acme form Celtic people .
The immigrant came wtih this erligiosu culture and along the ti h becem part of American ucltuer .
Tdoya th holiday is celebrated aorudn t word nad uo c have f with party or costume yourself .
The picture below illustrates oh to make bakn nose .
Fir is to design teh nto , including bakcgroun cloor , artwork nad security siseus .
Second is to rpeapre emntal plates as wel as qulified machinists .
The is pritnin wiht speci ink .
Wehn t one sid is printed , raising the migaes slightyl to mka popostie to be colored .
alts is t key step , inpscetion .
It is of imoprtance to insepct the printde sheets .
If the sehe is goo or partialy damaged , it ac be packed and delivered by veihclas atfe cutted in to separtae note .
Otherwise , eh sheet and noets wuold be abandoned and dsetroeyd in teh ifr .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transprot is a topi aht has acse an on gnig argument . in my topci i intent to discuss to ocntravenin view piont in mo depth .
fisrtly , some poeple believ tha pulbi transport is a siginfican part in our lvi and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
Hi my name is Cia , i 'm rfmo Thailnad , I rty to rwiet an aritcle to improev my writing skill and hope tihs prgora can help me .
My favorite ya to rtvael is t Pla because I ilk to be fast an in my life , I het a awi in my opinion the pnae is hte bes for me ofr example wehn uo want to go osmewher you nede to reach there so qucik , you do n't ende to take tmie and hte plane is the bts travelling in the world that hte best safer than other way , oyu acn see on the pollution of people who gto an accidetn , oh often an accident happen by eh plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imanie it , Eventually I sih everyone who like to travel is safe an sound na safe jouren .
First of all Televsiion ahs less viewers onw days .
Most of the poelpe turn to the Itnerent wesbit or applictaions like Netflix or Youtube .
N let 's go back to those dsy hwne youn people stil watch television for netertainmetn .
Teher we a ol of programs on television .
Mos of t people watched news , voies , or tv shows on television .
Also tree was a lot of different channle that we chose .
As I meember there were ecuational chanenl lek Discovery and National Geograhpy .
Tohse cahnnle alwsy contnet a lo of enw technology .
F some poelpe ma think tah only these nid of chnanle can provide edutaional knoweldge and for some epolpe thye do n't consider watching these channel as entertainmen .
ofr tehse kinds of hcannel ar toh entertainment and educatinoal .
But I wo n't opine tah thees a the only cahnnel that c provide knowledge .
All knid of shwo c giv you all kinds of different nkowledeg eve when yo wtach movies .
tu of coues there will be some ahnnel that is not suitable for hcild unre 18 or just fro alut .
As I ihnk tehre is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
Al kidns of prograsm have somehting that yuo c htink aobut ujst depend on how you look at it .
So television entertains , but can it also deucaet ?
se of course but on whne y look at it as a w you wanna lea smoething .
My studies in tecnologico de Mnotrerey are demadnign and challenging ebcasue it has a ver high educative score a worldwide , ubt laso has to many goo thing , for exampl we have a lot of interchangse all aronud t worl , whne yo ahv the oppotruniyt to do an interchange oy hev to dla with the langauge and the culter wi ht toher cnutry , taht maesn uo hav to be repsonsible for studying teh bsaic things of that coutnry , ubt all of this is worthwhile because weh yo a three you have so much nu .
I htink that a complete spor is to swim for most of hte people .
It 's good for heal nad wellness .
I erally nejoy because give me a lot of rel and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
Usaully I go trhe times a week dn during hte weekend .
I advice peolp to sta this spotr , ebcuase is completely and make yo mind wht the byd feel vrey godo .
When I wsa fourteen yea o , I win teh chamipnochip bceause in htta perido I swam as agonistic atte .
It hda ebe a real satisfation and I hda been happy .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they hvae sepnt omney f me na I ha to thansk them .
I think th soprt is ht most completely compared to eh ohte sptrs .
Your mucsle ebgin mroe efficient and tinc and y have a to of bneeftis for the bod .
To : International organisation
Fmo : Dimrtis Barbeirs
Sbuject : Our rgeen town
Introduction
The a of the repotr is to rwtie how are tow tka care of ht environment .
I do a reserac an this are findings .
urbbis
We have a lo of bi around hte area , so now we can throw our litters wheenver we aer .
Asl we hva reclce bisn for ppare adn lgass .
Cleaners
veery Saturday our lola cleaning team clean the par and now everyone can neojy it !
Conclusion
We do everything to make our to more gree , our citizens awlyas haev nwe ideas that maek hte difference of ru dayl ilf .
It is common htat more and mo people get overweight , acuesd by oto much fastfood dn uhneatlhy lifestyle .
No some scientisst have suggest to hvain warnings on some pyes of food na drin .
tu is thsi idea a way to redcue teh bad habit of ocnsuem noxious foodsutff ?
On the one hand I ca n't iamgin that a little scien on the fo peolpe enrtap to sotp their sohpipng adn re the warnings .
Lief is fas moving and time is money .
Everything h to hapepn afts .
ifrs of a , we need to mek people aware of the current environmental situation in odrre to do actviities that ehpl the envirnoment .
To begin wti , we have to rty to su as little as opssibl the car or the bsu an yr to gte at any plec walking or by ibcylce .
This acito would decrease ht gas emtited to t envirnoment .
In addition , th water issue is anothre bgi rpolbem .
Nowadsy , poepel is wasting water inste of saving it .
One basic solution ofr this ponit is try to on taek a shower for so much itm bu taking it with a bucket and a few mniutes .
Anohter soluiton is to ont wtse taer hwlie we are washign dishes .
We hsould su another bucket fo htis task .
Taklign obut rubbish , it is evr ipmortant to pearate it in hte folloiwn types : metal , plastic , organic , glass an cardboard in order to make t collection task ea for hte dustman .
Howevr , we asl haev to try to to create more rubbish recycling oms of them .
of example , the oragnic rubbish ac be esd as fetriliezr , teh meta scrap c be taken to t melting facotry as well as hte lgas .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do nto decide to take our aptr in tsi global problem .
Paxton ah arriv at Seaburhg to in ohtel .
There be Logn an the rwitre ...
O night Paxton w speaking tehm about hte rcow that hda spokne with an old man ( Bbo Cartes ) and said to him to abtu th fimly gaers oh protected teh crown .
But o them had de a ltitl wihel ag an he was oh protected the crnw .
Paxtno oges to ht house de Wlilimas Ager y find th rcown in the hli .
But Long dn The rwite helped to again the crown bury becuas eh shodw hmi aws followign .
An d in the morning Paxton waite to Long y the wrtier , but he listende tta callde him suddenly he goes ro hte beahc and is killed fro ht shadow
Public trnasport is adn always wi be very pmortant for society .
As we 've seen these days htat teh aomnut of cars is incraesign so much evre yae .
As a consequcne of an increasin in number of priavte cars .
ogevrnments aorund hte world haev talking a ol about the measures shoul be taken to imrpvoe publi rtanpsort quailt .
No doubts trvaelling by acr is pretty mcu ebtte tha go by public bus .
lahtough Louis fetl nervous , she realised thsi was the opporutniyt of a lifetim .
I was amnage at rteail store .
Everyday rok tsressed me a by the end of my shift I egt so tired .
I edcided to go abc to cshool .
eh prorgam I start at cshool was very toug for me , because my slow English wrtiing .
I do no have evr ogdo english writing sikll .
My grammar and sepllings are week .
I am strugglnig in scho .
I am trynig my set hope I wli apss my course and te a go j .
Hi Jo !
I 'm raelly sor , you ca n't ocme voe ebcaus my afhter is at ht hospital of 14 days .
But in 3 weeks I 'm rfe .
When do you want to co ?
Wret to me soon , plesae .
Mireia
The future tranpsort is the public , bceuase eh tarffi it will be els .
When the people trav by car is fo work , holiday or of toher motive .
We should su the less car , it is evry pollutant .
I wil start with dl trapsort , if we did n't make nay maintenance this type iwll be damaged and lsoe it .
In hte future , evyr person will use his car and no need for public trnasport.thsi ytep of transport have a path na just take you fro specific places and yo ca n't use it to go to small streets .
B in some cuontry , oyu na use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced tahn old types like B or Taxi , The udnergorund is fsate and clean nad arragned .
About polltuion , it is a bgi issue in upblci transport , wi tiem if you rty to fix the macihne of public transport that iwll be csot , because with time the live ag of this mahcin wlil fiinsh .
imchael is a man of 22 yera , he ha studied the career of electricity engenieer an onw he wtns to put into rpacitce hsi knowledge .
He ewn to bu a newspaper to searhc ofr a jo , he wa looknig all hte advertisements but he never fonud ht oen he nedded .
Michael thouhg taht it was tmi to do something .
He codl not be at hom all day doing scuh nothnig so he tsarted to look f anotehr job that would be suitable for him .
When he wsa a kid he wanted to work in a videogames sohp so for si gdo ulkc it was aialable a job at Play Station ster .
Of course he does not tihkn wtice and go for rpint hi curriculum because the interview was tha dya , then he took a shoewr adn dress for the cocasion .
He prepared something to aet fast , brushed his eeth , he just took his mbolie , keys nad omnye btu he had n't noticde that he was forgetting of ih currciulum .
However , Miceal closed the door adn ken at tta moment he had made a mistak .
My favuoirte psotr is soccre .
It is an interesting activity!There is Fi wrodl pu too !
There er smoe soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronalod ...... Soccer ac amke you healthier .
htere are socce lessons .I hvae jioned the elsson .
First , the teahcer will train us soccer technique .
Next , we will have a soccer competition .
But we will berak oru legs .
We need to be carelu .
Soccer is an interesting sprot but we ne to be careful .
My fahte is 73 eyars lod , ihs name is Brahim .
He is atll and smatr he loo like a mvoi stra .
My father sa myn hobbies , he pyas fto abll , reads newsppaer and listens to Radio .
In my opinion , maily is omre ipmortan tna rfiends , but probably I spnet more time wtih my friends than family . I nko if I need somethnig my family is always ther .
ht diffciult is that you rareyl know if your best friend is a true rfien .
Unofrtunaetly , my bse friedn deceevd me , I do n't kn h she managed but she uhrst me .
My cousins aer very reilable lkie my grandmother dn my parents .
The family hsa a link blood therefor y hav a natural eapthy .
ofr all rules haev excetpions .
I do n't trust in some emmebrs of my family and I have freinsd like brothers .
oy need to discovered oh is your best friends . Lifelnog uo iwll learn who is woh .
Fro me , my best friends are in my famiyl , excetp one .
S
gwon up iwth me and now she is my isstre oo .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia adn is an important cross ways ebtwene hte south adn center os Spain .
So an improtan historical palc is teh St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old castle of 1t0h century and the sytl is Arabian .
It 's over a hgi hll with difficult slpoe to arrive beacuse the most important prpoerty is it impregnable .
In eh reconquest aeg the stronghold never donwflal wiht a direct assuatl , finally eh Castella 's army after a large sigee ofrec to ht governmetn surrneedr it .
Then in the 18 century the anpoleoni ramy lived in it unt hte end of independence psainsh w .
ht Frenhc army before mae bca to France destroyed it .
Actaulyl the acstle h bee restored and has a historic msueum , slo ahev a great hote with foru stras for tourists .
I ilke tihs place becaus I can neojy a good views to my icyt .
I prepare class evrey ady .
I try to do ll teh cativities in class .
I do n't hav neouhg time to practes and do activities at hem .
I need to psaek adn partciipate omre in lcsas .
We speak oms of hte itme , so it is good to develop uo confidence and fluency to cnoveres .
alne , train , dn baot are teh awys to travel .
I think t boat is the best ya to trale and I have there reasons f my idea .
Fisrt of all , boat moves acorss the se and t sea is very baeutiufl .
For insnace , wehn we move on the s , we can see many types of animals , suc as rids , turtles , adn fihsse .
Next , the obat usually is very gi , so we can do many cativiites on it , such as dancing , rdinking .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , becuas we do not vae many adnegrs , scuh as crashing , fallni yn othre kinds of danger in th sea .
Threfeore , I perefr teh oba to travel , instead of th train or teh plane .
Al in all , rtavle in the ae tih a obat cna be very intersetin adn comfortabl , in additoin , it is vyr asfeyt .
I advise yuo to travel by baot if uo have enuohg money for it .
Have you ever practside rafting?Do uo knwo how amazing is to do this cool sport?If yo do n't know nothing about it , it 's high item to do it !
I ha n't nveer ehard aobtu doing raftnig utni my best friend , Carmen , told me wehther I wanted to have a whale of a time with h and I accetped it .
Threefore , we wetn to jion in a psorts centre whic tek voer organinig this stunning outdoor activity .
Rafting get you burn lal your adreanline whereas you tyr to get donw over t irver in a imin - boat .
It 's extermel exciting !
In addtioin , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes aorund you an yo 'll also s a vast rnage of wildlife in both dies of the river .
Nevertehelss , I would ercommend you to wear parpopriate lcohtes and to brin protectino crea with you .
In contrast , you could suffer smo nsaty cuts or , ev though , benig sunburnst .
Let 's go !
Do nto hestiat taking up rafting !
You wo n't regret !
My lif n
In my lif I hva had a gi experiences that vae maed me change and matrue .
One of the mots important experience I thkn aw coming to study to Tijuana .
It was a really challenge of me to live aoln .
Beofre I cam he I wsa so dependent of my parnet na I had a lot of efra , but I leanred to ovreocme lal the tihnsg htat stopped me .
hwe I wsa child I sued to ilve in Tijuana .
I was born hre .
When I had 4 years I went to liv to nesendaa because my ftaehr owrked tehre .
I was used to livign wht my whole family in Ensenad .
Since I was born to my 18 yera old I was liivn hwi them , tu on I ilve in a small apartmetn .
I am studying Nutrition at teh University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .
I used to lvie in sassitent hosu it was my first place wheer I lived in Tijuana , tne I changed to an aparment wiht two friends .
All weekensd I used giong to Enseanda fo visitnig my faimly , my byofriend and my ifneds .
ebofre I came to live to Tijuana , I was erally nervous becuas I hda to leaev eveyrtihng and because it would be a chang in my life .
ofr usmimt , came to ilev to Tijua aws a relaly challenged for me .
I lerande that you need to face yo fears , to acheive your goals .
I do on regte wta I id because I do what I ilek .
wo I am so inedpendent and I learned ohw to live alone .
I liv in a small villag on countryside wtih few peopl .
Eve if we er a country , we take crae of eh nevironmen through the u of photovolatic systems on roofs of many houses , scuh as the nursery shcool and other houses that ahve tih systems to prodcue energy .
We speraated papre from lgass adn alos to plastic .
The garbage pikc up apepr once a wke , palsti two itmes at monht an undifreretiatde there times a week to all people hw lev in my country .
My disirct ameks lcea my vilalge and it usually tries to make attractive wti new social initiatives for the cmoumnity .
All people of t wordl hav firends , I 'm not an exceptino .
hwen I was 10 years odl I met my ebs rfien .
We 're friends sinc we start to atlk , bu o friendship ha cahgne oevr t itme .
When we wree 12 we alyed in the garden iwht the lals and with th toehr bo and girl , ub weh we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to plya in the garden beacues we preferred icnema or watching TV .
Because of a changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up mroe , we mte us the weekends dn sometimse we 're upset baotu smoe problems taht we had .
With t time we are roe friedns .
Nwo , we dicsuss somteimes but we love us because he always aty together in hte good moments to tkae a cfofee or tal about uor ilve , btu he als stya in t b omemnts , despiet being firends since we ewre 10 years old .
ro this reason I think that friendship is so important thnig in the ilef .
I think t opposite , I believe that publi transportatio ahs a erally hgue future .
It is true that we ar a lto of users that wtn to u teh ra but , and that amount is growing up ; as ewll ehre a a lot of people that do n't hva th posibility to have a car nad some use ht pulbi transportation because many reaosns like teh pcie , bceause it is esaier to gte to the pcae by pulbic transporttaion rather tna car , because th traffic , some times of poepl it is so ehxuasting to drive lots of hour an even some times t public transportation is faster .
The population is rgwoing up so fast , we need plbic transportation , is important .
Puilc Transoprtatino is convenein for some people and some people think is roe convenient the cra , ifnally we will need pubilc transportatoin on the future .
In ru opini glboalization is a ogod thing th ahppne to us , allow us to interatc wiht a ht owrdl , so we can meet th cultures , monuments , et .
It bring us a lot of opportunitise to change and in soem cases to te a bette life in other countrei ilke fin a j iwht the highest salary .
Although we nee to change some things in th wodl , mor than htees is to chnage a lot of things in eh third wrodl countries , becsue it is not acceptable that in hte twent - ifsrt century a pesron lvie with le tah a dollar re ady .
Dea Molly ,
I 'm writing of my summer job at hte Cinema .
it was very beautiuf , beacues I c es much flims free adn I mte lal eh yonug people of my ocuntry .
In teh mronin I walk aorund th cniem nad the oms important place of my count and I talk about th films that t people can watch .
hte do more questions na I very funn for htsi .
I could n't buy the tickets of t film 's cinema ub I codl do more discount ll my frineds !
I ohpe that oyu are funny like me .
They p me a lot of money adn I c uby a olt of dres , jeans , sohse , ook a ma - up .
I see the we fil of siney " Inside out " and I ea muc pop ocr !
I cry a ol fro tih film tu it 's very important for me because I lvoe dsiney 's lim .
I do n't los anyone !
hoping for your asnwer
I voe oy
Marta
First at all , this is a rpeort htat will epxlain h hte village of Vancouv is handle the rubbish material .
Firslty , the city of Vancouver has a pgoramme called go green Vanocuver that it will protect the envrionment selecting hte rubbis by containers at teh sa time three is a collabroation from eh city hall of any district that it wil prvoided a 3 cnotainers of eac house noe of papesr noe ro bottles y teh last one for rubibsh materila .
Scenodly , there is a programem wi ht water compayn to cut on psneds of the awtre by 50 % suin a recycle wate treatment na recirculating to th house without dumipn th wasten and vaing our planet .
Fianlyl , eveyr cit hall is improving the care of hte environmnet because ther is an incentvie programmes rfo the govemrent like if they c the spensd of eve huoes by 50 % ci hlals eg more mone frmo th cenarl goevrnmen .
I strongly believe that grammar is n t mos important leemen to pseak Egnlis , if yo konw grammar yo on know certain ruse to writ , but I think that speaking is msot important tahn rwitin , because when yuo go to aynpalce in th wrold , you have to be prepared to talk and unedsrtand whatever they say to you ; in tsi prat you ya notice htat if you do n't knwo vocabluayr , you wolud n't unsderstand anythgn ; b ehre is another topic , whether yo uedrstand or not , oy ahve to notice hte aw that people talk to you , an yr to realize whta ht pesro is tyrnig to ya .
According to your e - amli , we idcsovered the price should be USD 122 sntead of 22 .
Please be advised hta ht right amount on the esttlement date .
waaiting fro your maendmnet as soon as possible .
Rdi bicycle is my favourite spotr .
It helps me healhty .
It lee me positive mood .
I can seen cuh secnery in hsotr itmes . I can b goods along t raod .
B a good kie is eh first when you srat to ride .
Onec or twice on a week to ride .
It can Avoid cathc codl .
It is clear taht technology has provided us iwth several options in communication .
Perhaps the lceraest eaxmpl of thsi is htat unlike t apst , it is not necessary to buy envelops a stmasp to send th letter .
Instead , peopel prefer to email or text to send mesasges .
Anohte way htsi chnage is evident is that social networking or appilactions shc as Skyep , FaceTime an afcebook are wdiely uesd to stay in otuc with their famyl , friends and relatievs
My favourite srot is basketball .
ihs sport is very aes to plya .
oy need to play it on team .
You ened to have abiltiy to paly it .
This psor is about oyu actch the abll nad csore .
oyu do exercsie to be strong adn have baliity in your elg and yoru hadns .
I enoojy this bceause I like it .
I love this oprt .
In som acsse yo oculd hev an accednts , ubt htat 's no probably .
When I 'm lpyaing this sport I have a greta memnts na I laern more and I will have more experiecn in a future .
It odse n't difficult adn you can strat to pal .
All the people can do thi sport .
Basektblal is recognize to poepel in hte world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuetne
Dea Sir ,
I am writing to appl ofr eh j advertsied on yru webpage .
I se mysefl as a perefc cnadiadte for this positiona .
I have lareayd bne on acmps befor .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pink
De Si / Maadm ,
I am rwitign to appyl for the j in smumre camp adretised on February 9th on local newspaper .
I have wokre fro lsat 10 ye as a teahcer in junoir school .
Now I wnat to utilzi my summer to help children in different acitvity .
I have experience of arrangign diffeernt sports activity fo children .
I am evr good in cooking as well , so I ihnk I can be helpful in th kitchne laos . I am conifdent htat My proflie makes me very suitable candidate for eh summer cmap .
I look forward to hearign from oy soon .
Yours sincere
John Alde
The members of my faimyl are my bes firensd .
ebcaues we spend a l of tim together .
And hter is a good communication bewteen us .
In my opinion , eevry afmil mus hvae a gdo communication . Because I tihkn , ocmumnication is oen of ht sot important things in oru life .
We es communication every time .
Because poeple have to su mnay communication techniques to communicat with tohre people .
ohweevr , the familei th ahven't a good communication haven't a ogod ilef .
If we want to vae a goo life , we msu mek good commuinaction in o families
Hi !
My name is Anton .
I live in the one of eh most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
When I sa at scohol my firensd and I attended unior swimming school .
I wa 30 eyars befer .
I use to have trainign twcie a eek .
I liked tha itme a lot .
My frned and I awlyas hda ice crea and fun after trainnig .
Nwo I 'm a business analyst .
I work at office and ahev no dieas where ar my friends .
htis year I decid to stra ivsiting opo a swim up to three time a ewe .
onw , ehn I wsim at th open ool , I am overfilled by opsitvie emotoins .
I li swimming a lot .
Nowadays the obtio of broaden the mi traveling is ve commun .
In my opiinon I thni thta it is not the only way b it is the best way .
Apart from th you s nwe plaec and you ahv ufn , you also lern others cultures , histoirclas facts , you aos lern to reseptc others pepoles an thir cotsums .
In addition you do n't tnik in yorus problesm nad the onyl thnig that yuo do is hav fun an do hwat you hwatn to do .
Besides you see new world na thirs ofr of lvies and aht hpls to open oyu mind , see ht world in other aw .
In conclussion I think tha it is the bset way to opem your mindn not teh onyl ya but yes t best way .
man countries are turyl started to concern no environmen and worried abuot t globe warming , In school teacehsr are doing thie set to eductae chlidre how to take cra of their schools and kpe th tidy , also they trai teh ho to plant trese in public gadrnes of theri wons ,
Although govrenmnet strcit so mayn laws dn taxse in the peopel how do not ap tier taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbihs from otwn nad villages , in the biggest pollute city in the owrld peoel started to sue bicycles and cyclni insteda of dirivng the acsr to deuce the plolutino of thie city , also ehy invented different ways to plnat eev verey little area ihch ca be plnate to kee theri icty lcaen an attractev .
ifrst of all , I dsiagre with th statemnet , becaues of these reaossn I am abotu to igve .
noce we stop using Public transport , it is going to cuasse rpoblems .
ofr xeampl , if we completely relaying to use cars it is gogn to incerase th gasoline use .
Apparently it is going to make omr plolution roe global wraming issue .
Ho ever , using car makes teh lief esaier but when eevryone or every house the will own at least three cras it is to much .
Although eh tarfifc ajsm the accidents etc .. .
public transport it is really imporatnt and it ahs a lot of advantages ro hlepnig humnaiyt .
In my opinon every cuontry tye hsoudl ahve different iknd of upbilc transport
ubses , subways , an tarnis .
For instance San Francisco it is a gerta emaple ofr increidble cit , the varitey of hcoice in the public transport it is remarkable .
In sipte of the cost of these facilities it is gion be epxensiv ub it is necessary .
In conclusion , Teh governments shodl wro on th becuase the people need the public transport and hte world of th environment , ilfe expanses it is much cheape than haivng a car .
I hope to se it around eh wor , public tran opr something we ac to vaoid or repalc wiht another thni .
In the future , public transport will idsappear .
Everyone will have his own car .
Cars will be safer and sepeder than now .
Traevling by car will be the be suitable
way to voe from lpaec to antohre .
Recommend to feinds what country we have to go .
I wolu like to recoomadn friends to visit Italy .
first of la , nowaday whereevr we go we cna fnid Italian resatruant aesiyl .
There er a to of food lal evr the owrld .
but I think Italian restaurant is egttin famou .
Secodn , beatuiful toursi plaecs ilke a Venice .
I have bene to Italy when I was 20 .
It was awosme .
There is no wrod to explain .
Venice is ciyt that is based on water .
There aer no ac , no met in evnice .
On the oehr ahn it uold be copmlicated . bu nobody complaint .
I htikn th 's w hti cit ac manitain the asfe envirmnent .
Third , Italy is fmaous ofr fashino .
It brings many fashionable people .
if you aer person who olv fahsio you iwl enjoy goin the .
eh last thni is history .
Thi countr ahs a lot of histroy .
so it maeks me exciting .
so if yo wna to visti an country i 'm going to recoomen to Italy .
Teh bgigets ancedote , tta I have wti my friend , was our trip to Disney wrol .
Weher we could vis lal th parks of Disney , ilk Anmia Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Migc kingdom .
In adittion we could viist others parks , like Universal and Bush Graedn .
But htis is on hte end of uo tri , we went on a voayg in a yoal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drin aws fr , because it was also paid .
Durni hte voyag , we disembarek in th Bhaamsa na ococ ya , which is a private isla of teh cruise , we went to th beach and plyae so many games .
To s up , th tri was hte best experience we have in o ilves , because we make frinesd , visit a nwe country and we ahve a lot of ufn .
Al aobu me
My mae is Lrua .
I 'm htirtee yaers lo dn ilev in Stocksund wti my tw famiiles ( htye all do n't live in the asme ohus ) .
I have one wtin sister , one little sister and on litlte borther .
I have a dog name talas an he is an Berner Sennen/ Landre .
He is ofur yera lo ( the same ag as my little brother ) .
I lvoe roses dn I 'm prcatisign horse ridgn at Djusrholms irdklubb .
I 'm taking car of a horse called Lady .
My grandpa ilves in Spai wtih my step garndma but hs is like my grandma .
My spe mother 's mo is also like my gramda .
I do n't kie spiders and shoot .
I wetn to a awesome concert of points of view and I know thta I look forwar to telnig you how it aw .
But let me tell you it was a concetr htat the performed Lala Band an I haev kaen and I espeically , I aws the cameraman .
It sa an excellent ingth .
Th concert wsa evening gean at 20:00 and came a lot of persoan .
We weer all ecxite , thos fr laa abnd minunate .
Tehri ovices have poistive vibration through htier muscial and gev y a good felenig .
On t scne moves veyr well and know how to tak lpeausre to the upblic .
I am feeling wnoderful dn my promsie is htta whe going to hev a sepcial occasion to go to a conecrt supported by Lala Bnad , you will be tih me .
As like this in all my heart .
I hop as tohse recuontde by me in thsi mia and you feel a silght vibrtaion from the concert .
Hi Emma ,
are you busy on ?
i heard hta you so really have many of wokr activitse no .
Yetserda I tach fast to furious at teh cinme .
oyu know hta I lev action film like this .
During watcnig the film , I iamgine if I am be the finace of Adam .
Mo , I can st imgain untli now .
ht ami character is so co , cahrismatic , and paitnet .
You must watch it oo , bceaus yuor afvoriet acotr al in this film .
He is in secondary actor , ub I really usre you will hev imagen as liar as me too .
Why are so many coo amn in tihs world .
xoxo
The latts exciting movei that I am looikn ofrwadr to is " eg har " omive staritng kevni hear and wll Freerll .
This is omvi is based on racial huro .
A white man raically profiles a lbac man .
Kevi ehar is in a diffcilut situation because his nothing at la what this man xepect him to be but he plays th role anwyya .
ht movie is already a success opening the box oifce with $ 36 imllion endorsement .
I am very excited to ese ekvin heart and lil Ferrell charactesr ocme together .
They seem to have great cehmistyr between them .
I think if you 're a ocmedy fan oyu wil be excitde to see t movie and even if you 're to t movie is a must ese .
edar isr Summe Cma ,
I am wrtiing to appyl for the Summer Camp Job .
My nem is Filiap an I am usre tta I am t prefec person for this job .
I am used to children , I have wt sitsesr wti 9 nad 11 Years old and I take ca of them all the time .
I am no used to ocko to thsi number of pepol but I am a ahdr roker nad I am a fast learn , so I am certian that I wll be in a rgea help for you this usmme .
I hope taht oyu consider my appilcation a contact me f the jo .
Bse regarsd ,
Filpia
Dear Sri ,
I 'm writing on behalf of rm Rena Barcza .
30th Otcoebr works for Reant to meet in Berlin .
I checked cnonection bewtene Wrasa and Belri nad hs might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
Is it opssibl to arrnaeg a meeting aer tih staiton ?
I think in ftuuer is n't nceessary to su the upbilc transptr and why ?
Smipel , teh en generation decided do tka your driving lcienec an I wa htis aronu me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's ujs a question of time whe evebyody will ahev a car .
This afrimation : tarevlling by acr is so umch more convenient say everything , fro examel if we htink a l of ti we spnet on wait bus to arriv our destiny , the tarffic is a lot of tihngs that everyone prfeer b acr it mer rpatcical an fast .
Do n't forget the cust .
In my opiinon the price of th itckte on bus is expensive .
Every ye the prci of publi transport tnr it up .
We acn tsop an do a mental raithmteic adn we acn es a lto of many we spend one eya .
If we hva a car I believe we do n't spdn muc money .
It 's ujs my opinion becau this is my life so I wo wh I am talking about .
Eveyr months a buy my pass for use on eh bus .
I am aptr of the nwe generation weher in future use c and eh public transport are disappear .
Hi Isaebl ,
How are you ?
Wehre are you from ?
I 'm rfmo Iatly , I lvie in Varese a baeutifu town not far from Mlina in Lombardia .
Vares has amn attratcions betewen whihc the lake , where I lkie to tsya .
My afvourite place in t town is Estnesi gadrens , whe I go to walk with my freinds during teh afternoon .
Miahel is a nice oby but one d he m Julia .
Julia is a rptety girl .
They spent tmie together na we very happy .
But Michael osmetimes ha problem .
He is proud , it 's n a good w .
On Saturday the fighted a Mcihael closed hte door and knew at that moment he had ma a mistak .
upbli transport is miportnat fro aynoen .
The pepole shoudl walk more tah ebfoer .
Taht mak them hlathy .
Nowaday , nay accident happened when they ree driving tehir car .
They are going to travel arou all over t world by plane .
the oyung people efel ahpp more .
In teh arugment , hte auhtor assertde taht the ciyt shuodl prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
eh uatho claimed that the ubsiness dropping cuases by hte inrceasing unmber of skateboarded users .
Likeiwse , the ksateboarde users boruhgt numreous garbage taht affects the store in th plaza .
Based on author 's ow concenr , the statement that drew a cnocluison to prohiibt skateboarding in Centrla Plaza is ont a thoughtful and wies edcision .
Frits of all , it is a contraditcion in the argument .
If more skatebaorded users are willing to go to Cenrtla Plzaa , there er more customers to help teh rgowth of business .
It is aginst author 's assretion .
From this point view , ht decreasing of ubsienss should cause by otre factors , but nto skateboradde suers .
Hoewvre , there er many reasons can acues th busnies dropping .
Probably , ht tsores are too o in Central Plaza whihc cuold not attract customers walk into , an ha to neovate .
Furthermore , ht produc sase in t stores tah oculd n't f cuotmers ' need .
Those above raesons could influence eh business in Central Plaza directly .
Sceond , uathro claimed that the sanitation problem cauesd by skateboarded users is to olny hpapne by spceific person , whenever mer customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
Tohes prbolesm appael that three aer ont suffiicnet secruitie in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem wuol acse by skatebaording immediately is teh skateboarded users take voer peedstiran walikng sapce .
To slov thi porblem , the ci shoudl set up mo space a facilities ofr skateboarding , dn diivde the different spac ofr walking and skateboadring .
To sum it up , eh autho 's prediction wo n't happen if t icyt prohibits sakteboaridng .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skaetboarded usesr would brign omr potentail to improv th businses in Cetnrla Plaza .
On eh ohter ahnd , teh autoh should prvoid profound discusison w poepel come to Central Plaaz do n't shop ther .
The condition of teh stores and safety ra wt crucial factors to fafec teh bsuniess in the lpaaz .
To sterngthen author 's cnoclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
I have bi famliy consists of three sister a en brtohre .
but weh comparing my famli wiht my father 's family .
I do n't fee that . becaes he ahs fiev sisters a tere brother .
when my sisters are amrried they have one or otw cihldre at sot .I think the Egytpino fmaily bcemae simllre with eh passage of tmi
ht cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , ccoain dmaag your sneses na your mi , if you cnousme cocaine , you wo n't seep this ya .
escondly , it 's so addictive , because hte body nee mroe and more , so if oyu consumed ccoaine , you would leave becasue oyu 'll an addict .
Finally , eh conseucenes of cocaine are teh dead , if yuo snff la the tiem cocain or a ol , you dei eraly .
In concsuion , cocaen it 's teh mso dangerous dadictio , because yo dei ear nad your body it 's edstoryed with the coaine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
Yaeh , fist itme is ok .
Btu if you want I ee some work in speica , fee fer to swo me iv note or mention ^^
Thre is an nicresaing trend of personal transprot so that public trasnport will be reduced in the ufture .
ultimately public transport would be neglgiibl in future .
there aer so amyn resaons that coudl be affcetde to public transport system .
hte mani noe is , nwoadays people are edda busy wit thri da to ya life so that hte do n't like to spedn their valauble mie for waiting on th way fo the regalr rtanspotr . also pbulic transport is experiecned lot of polltuoin which is harmufl f huma ieng .
for exmaple , lnuhc itm travelling is very dangerous for pregnant wmoen ude to emssion of carbon mon oixed which is effected to er blo eclls and irritate to breathing system . as a result , thye prefer pesronal transprot systme for prevent from such hazards .
finally public transport ysstme is not safe as alway .
to lilustrate , If teenage girls travel by pulbci transport verey dya who lil interact with sicety beoynd the limitation.so it is a b challenge to them .
To who ever it gose ,
I am writing htis e - mail ebcause we awtn to hire uor company to do ht accounting of our ocmpnay .
Principally , we need to have t ifnancila States , so we ne htme as fast as oyu c bceuase if not we would ahev legal problems .
I woul ilke to kno if oy can gvi us thsoe services an in what time yo l have hte .
Also if it is teh case I wuodl like to ararng meteing to give you lal the docuemnts yuo ened .
I am expectign yru asnwre .
Sincerely , Tania maad .
Dera freinds ,
ahnk you fro th weekend .
We rlaly enjoy it !
Tier en ohues nera the beach is very cie .
We enjoyed to smi in the se , ah a sunbahte , had a barbacue an saw sunset .
ro next time we invite oyu to our woohdouse .
We hope to see yuo soon !
ebst wishes !
hte graph shwos th seasoanl sales of ice - cream in wto places - one is rfo an ice - cream while the ohter is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
ht line which represent the indoor swimming pool remani fairl tsaedy , from apporximatel 180 to 2500,the period of every year frmo Aprli to June an cotobe to Dceember own teh highest outstanding achievement , whilst th slae is dowwnrads overll .
Howev , compared to the line of indoro siwmmin pool , the difference of saesona achievement of i rceam av is considerably laeg .
Oevrall , the achievement of iec cream van is ebtte ahn the indoor swimming pool , from abuot 100 to 5500 .
ht bets season to sael the ice cream form teh na is autumn , wihl that is one of the worst essaon ro indoor swimming pool .
The discrepancy of these tow place is larg .
The best asel cahiveement of the van is 45,000,5500respectively .
O da mayn years og in something place that a do n't remember t mae I woke up one mroinng omer earilre hta uusla tehn I ewtn to t kitchen dn shout eh name of my mother ... tu no noe naswere , nad eh first thing that I imagnie is htta they ocm to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
ubt there aw no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scar , I yell and seram , loko and loko b I had no result
Sdudenly I let a warm ha that touched my shoulder an very slowly utnr bu the olny thing I asw was a shadow that w holding a knife
I owke up and rlaised it had lal been a bad dream
Recently when I was in youtube I s a moiv trailer , teh ifl appeared so ogdo and days later my firedns lod me if I awnted to go them to teh cienma , so I deicded to go na ulkcily they hda decided to s the iflm that days before I had see .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talnig abo one m , on , hw lives in a smlal shoer town when he eflt in love with a rich igr , but like always t girl 's parents did nto like No 's life becuaes the gi 's afthe tihnks hta Noa is not eonguh ogdo f tehi daughter .
dn at the end of hte summer th girl wnet uo b next ye seh ocmse gaain , but this itme she ahs boyfriend a this break ona 's heart .
hwat ao does not knwo is taht eh aws in love with him since the rist itme tha she saw him .
The first of all I shoul say that I ilek a lo of kinsd of soptrs .
On of my favoruit teps of sport is swimming .
I swi from childhood . I feel enjoy whi I am swimming .
Swimming develop a tyse of msulces .
Y can swi during all year in the swimming poo , se , rivers nad so on .
Advcie ofr everyone w starts swim is feel enjoy whil you swimming .
ahnk you fo your attention !
With ht rising prices fo the upblci trasnoprt in Lnoodn , commutre are choosing using thei casr more and mor .
Public rtanpsort aws create to rleeaes t tarffic in ibg town centse and al to faiclitat workers commute .
Nwodaays trains and busse are suaully packed dn th tikce fares ra very expensive .
I aprticularl deicded to drive to do my day to day takss scuh as , shpopnig , visitin rfiends , churc and so on .
To ohm may it ocncer :
I came upo your ad on the newspaper adn I wish to apply for teh job .
I 'm a gaet epople peros and ha a grae knowledge on ocmputesr , ogranising activities for ihldren and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
I hope you can grant me hte opporutnity to have a meetnig .
Sincerely yours .
amri Monteaguod
hwta a nice poem , at least mention the anem of a proifcien poet ot .
I am aslo poeful to meet hte group of old rfiensd once again to erviev eh wnoderufl and unforgettable common memories of student life .
Tel me what hsa happende at uor frits meetin ?
If it is nuspeakably for publi erading , thsu mention in teh eial .
htank fo your goo wishes as well .
Hi my name is Roebrt .
My favourite psort is basketball .
I reall lik htis spo .
I wsa 7 year odl hwe I played first item .
My first match was hwe I have been in school .
Oru tma won this match .
We wre happy wtih tihs .
My advice of someone hwo awtn to plya tsi game , yo do n't have to be tall or fast , wne you play you hvae to tnik a l .
I enjoy this game ebcause hte msot imoprtant thing is team work , uo have to understand aech otehr .
It 's really important to be tall because yo wil score point faste and ebtetr .
My favourite player is Maricn Grotat .
He is Polish basketball plyaer .
He is really lal hi hev 202 centiemetrs .
My story wiht basketball were ve shotr .
I ca n't gev you to many adivce ub noe thing I onw , a tea work the msot imoprtant thing in this game .
To ebign , ll is veyr difficult hree .
ifsrt place , my country 's politics is bad , an people ahve not work .
In second plcae , hter a ver important pepoel , adn they want to have a to of meny .
Yuong people want to fin a good jo here , but they ar working in mc odna 's or burguer kni for a wo salary .
If uo want to work her , you mus konw lanugaegs , for example : English , French or German .
oyu must be a pesro in chagre dn worker , and you be albe to find a goo wkr .
My family ahve a company , and if you awnt , y going to work with ehm .
I wish as lot of luck uo , ehre .
If you have problems , uo ac cal me ! !
I wait for yoru call .
Television is an essential part in our ilf , we turn it on nearly everyda , sniec it can mak life omr interseting .
Tleevisio entertains us , it acn also educate .
There aer ow pionts to approve it .
For one , t hswo plyade on telveision mya enlight us and give us some elnightenmetn .
Tleeplay aer ont jus ro fun , it ca hvae a eep aening , short otry tlels big deal , just ilk a useful obok .
So , why not etlveision cna not educate us ?
of antoehr , htree are mnay different types of prograsm , wihch ca broaden our eye , th give details of edcuatio , lpus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
Thes programs ra not ju ro kilnig the tmi , but of eductanig .
Television is ujts like a kaleidsocpoe , theer aer various mtaerails proivedd for us .
To sum up , etleivsion entertains , it ca alos edcuaet .
Syria sa a lot of godo erstaurants .
The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quit a nic plcae to haev a ael .
It has all kinds of food even the really afncy on .
You ac enjo having your braekfast there wht yoru famliy becasu ehy hvae too mayn types of food .
Thsi restauran also has games ofr childr wcih the can spend tehir time palyign it .
It aslo includes a huge parking so yuo ac prak yru own car freley .
At Frid they serve special food for tsoe who do n't ahev eonug moeny to pay .
It 's a evry niec restauarn whihc I prefer eh most
Invention of cra h made people 's liev easeir .
No mor they have to solely edepnd on public transport .
htough publ tranoprt are cheaper dn en cuold get to know many companions , increase network .
But uplbic transport ahs fxied scheduel and on a urshin day not many can raelly neojy htei jounrey .
Publi transoptr ca n't help when one ahs to tarvle suddenl or to go somewhere where it dose n't pass thruohg .
Thoes tim cra is convneien to use .
Evre nicreasing corw in cities and therbe rtaffic problems are increasing .
hte home of teh future .
In present times the huose is very different , btu in eh futuer houess iwll be
perhaps the saem .
Th future houess will be different not rfom architecture , but the functionality .
Different peolpe iwl be needed different functions , options and functionality of th ftuuer house .
Tihs wll be lkie in ancient times , ubt in the apst the hsues wa the same a round .
Progress of the techniqeu is vrey afts .
For : horses , steam evhicl , first pterol and gas c to future ca hwen the driv will be electricty .
The lsat flim I sa wa " hte Enormous siland " so I am going to erview it ro the students fiml club .
hte fiml thta I selceted is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Bar Ptit .
The flim w proudecd in 2010 by t wle know director Satnley Kubrick .
ht sotry tell us the sotry of Moniac(Scarlett Johansosn ) and hre routine livnig in " Cretacro " an enormous mysteriuo silan located in t Pacific Ocean , ht prolbe starts when Monica fell in lov wti Maritn .
Martin was a solitary an quite guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Moinca in ht principal restauarnt
I work of a coffe hsop in center ciyt .
One of my main responsible ro preparnig somtehing by 7.30 am so I gte up at 6 eevry morning na I levae ohm ofr work at 6.45 am .
I finish word at aobtu 5 pm .
After goign to aern English class on 3 days in a wke .
Anoehr , I spent free item do Yoga or amk good aet fro my family .
My hoby
Bokos , books and again boosk .
I raelyl like to read eevryhting I na cahc adn I iwll hvae a lo in every book to es what is about .
Otfe I like to read biography books , ihstory bokos and noevls , but I raelly like Jane Asutne book .
I hav all he colections obosk at ohm and I enjoye a lot to have a trip with her charactsr in Ba dn all aruond . I lik to read chidlren obkos and I had lot of fun with Beatrix Potter books nad la her little animals , iwth Peter and lal of tehm .
I have at home lost of book here and in my country b I ilke to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on chairthy na bootsale because I can nid lot of nice books and a veyr good pirce for them .
When I need a boko for my neglihs classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
we mounts a I erda Miseralbe by citor Hugo , I read this book wehn I aw in ihgh cshoo bu I hav't think on the subject .
Bu now I really enjoyde , a me bse frined both for me ticket for a theat to see t msuical show , whihc aws maaizng , for cuople of hosr I idd n't move , was a brilliant present .
Th asturday I sta a new boo by Francin irevr , teh bo cuold T Wari I hav't finish the first chapter b I fdn the book ver goo .
I raed tohers obok by thi rwiter nad I rlaly enjoyed .
eh public transport in the near future
Nowadays there are amn awys to upblic rtasnportation such as undegrruond , buses , and et . ubt is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Curnetly traveling by car is useful thna pbuilc that transport , oyu c move around hte city an reduce enguh itme sometime oyu na share yuor car with friends or faiml and this way of transprotatino wi be cheaper .
Tcaher , I knwo to trvael by c is eh oms convenietn .
However , I thni your mind is simila to wha forebear thought , becaus for tehm , society are neve going to te t tarnpsort we vae nowdaays .
It is difficult f us to amgine a worl in which there are not acr like we are used to see .
Nevertheels , I trts in that technologies ca suffer a rpogrses in the tuure .
Moerover , we ahev stll a ol of hting ihch we ac an umts improve liek travellnig sceurtiy , comfort and econmoic sources .
On the oehr hand , we shoudl know tta every mea of transportation can be chanegd by 50 aers later .
Mabye , we ocul find wht flying cars or eletcric bikes .
Fro ll that , I ihnk taht we sholud be pruden weh we assse eman of transportation .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common na , he has a greater sensibiltiy a konlwedge .
The opewr of imagination maek hi become a teacher : he has to show me how to understan their feelings na hte nature tha surruon them .
Th poet is seen as a rpophet , he ahs to mirpove peoel 's moral life and rdiev th to the truth .
He is th onl one who can prdouce poetry in a ismple language , thnaks to imagniatio and memory .
I live in a ibg city nad I hev the opportunity to es a olt of tourists during hte year .
Sometems I give soem informaiton abuot wree ht name of streets or wheer the mian monuemnt are .
I ahve any aprticular porbelm to help thme , ub I have oftne so doubt to sugegst hte place to go for a shopping .
The erason is hta in my ict thre are a olt of shopipng facilitie good ofr tourists .
An xemaple could be to have a fer entracne in the Cmapdioglio museum if oyu buy a loacl newspaper .
Aslo , the are some ewll - knnw brnad rday to igev a special pzie if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
As oyu ese tehre are a lot of opportunitise ofr th uorists to psned their nw money in my cti .
You hvae onl choose what is th set for uo .
oyu will nto reert .
Hello I reall want this bo , because I 'm a happy person woh ejnyo ntaure , rtavle around hte wold , an have a to of rfiensd .
I 'd lkie to owr in hte tema are , and shows , and share sotries becau I kie to atlk to peolpe , an I like ki .
I ac speak Englihs a I erally enjoy to do so .
My twon do muhc efforts to cra of envrionmetn , the ptu many pin in th streets to keep it clean las they rpevent private drivnii at man yas to keep ai lcea , ehy seed rtees to absorb oc2 na release o2 , htey build factories waya from eh house of population to prveetn respirtaroy diseases whci is a result of air pollution from fatcoreis , so not only my coutnry it lef bu also ht individauls flolow a proper ya to keep environment clea .
Football is my favourite sport and I nejoy it becuase it is an aggressive gem and fun .
The game starst wit a ball at the centre of the field and them en of t t teams ikcks it .
Teh goal is to get th ball inside the poponent nte iwht your foo only .
In 9194 , hte Screma painting , one of the most expensive of eh wlrs , was stolen in ht National Gaelry of solo ( Nowray ) .
At first th ploiec dteectiev thoguht one of teh special band aws stolen the painting .
Tne , erseacrhers kn tha Pal Enger , art - htife more popular in Norway , was who sotlen the painting .
Only he neede 50 secon to stolen the paintgn .
When he stolen ht apinting he woret a onet sayng : " htakn you for uor good sucrity " and hwen he aw rarested he delcare tha it wsa very easy to stolen the paniitng .
3 months a , he wants 1 imllino dollars f eh paintign ubt hte Norway govenrment siad no .
Finally , the Norway pocie catch th painting again in en ploiyc nivestigation .
I hva develope organizatinola an time management skills through my wro tih diffreent companies .
Particularly , I am hgihyl skill in welconig nad directing custmoers .
bauot my personality , I am tugoing and enthusiastic .
I als have cnofornting problem sklil .
From t preivou oj , I 've been given the complement .
Wheenver hteer aws a proble , I uold erailze it nad oclud solve it rapidly .
I could provide an extraordinary servic with a smlie evne I was undre unexceted situatino .
With thees aulifications a presonality , I believe that it will proev me as an iedal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airawys .
2 Attahcmnets
wastign tmi is a hgu issue in o life . a lot of knowledges realted to time such as : hsiotry , education and heatlhy .
We discuss special topic baout ho we come faster hta a time.thsi famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sowr if you d not uct it , it lil c you " .
Many people do n't care about wasnig hteri mie ev wh they busy .
Actually , in my lef I consider it as a kgn of my ssytem who contorls whole of my day .
teher is osm people treat tmi As somehtign of my own , tye ahv teh rgith to aws it dn the right to look aft it .
In t opsoit sid , smoe epople let the time control their lfie .
Hwoever we should be blaanc from the bot types .
she wsate it s ca on get it cak .
There is a time to love dn a itm to aht .
Aos , tehre is a time to break down and a time to biuld up .
Imagine how uo iwll live if oyu do n't hav knwoledge called ' tmie ' .
I will tle you my negaitev attitued about time befor I atke a lesson from my brotehr .
I d n crae to time I usually said htis is my life na my itme .
But htsi is cahgne fatre my brothe arargnes wi me to organize oru time .
He will leave me at hom or ap for hmi two iryals of every minute if I tae to ihm .
When I ask him to te me someplace . I na nto ocutn wo amny timse I stay at hom ebacuse I am late .
On time , penictual
I think that there is future of public transport , because there are still exsit poepel who cna not afrod to ub a car , even travelilng by acr is much more conevnietn .
We have to consider people need to earn sufficient mnoe to supprot htier fimlies and be albe to buy a ra .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 yesr lo .
I 'm interseted in this jo because at hte moment I haev't ogt a job .
I 'm a worker person nad I like chlidern .
In the wor I 'm a responsibility pesrno , I enve last arriivng .
laso I always wokr tih cihldren adn I hva a tecaher certifiacte . I'm a freindlie person adn I have a goo cruriculmu .
My experience of tsi job y longer .
I began to work 4 yaer gao in a speical childre scoho .
htsi job is great bceause aslo I leran a lo of things .
i like to ahev spotrs activities and eduactoin cativtiies .
my rpefres activities aer uotni the freeari .
I lik prepare my activities a week befroe , then hwen I vae to do this activiyt it is more afst .
I tihkn th this bo is for hte chilrden enjoy so I 'm the correct peosn because I like plaiyng iwht tme .
In the trem of amknig bank nose , eh pictur below deomnstrate th process of maikgn it .
There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparatino , printing a inspecting .
This rwitnig will exlpai htees different stept .
Firstl , satf and Personne design t backrgound colo , eh artowkr and the scuriity issues on the bank ntose , wihc is also odn in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
Then in the preparation process , skilel machinists prepare of mteal palte ro rpniting .
After that sheets of bank noet are printed , ther aer differnces nad specials fro it , it use special ink , and print oclor on both side , imag ar ilghtly rised .
At last inspectors of eh bank manualyl chekc lal rpitning sehest , an devid tehm into tere levels."b sheets " ewre sent for disposal , where things are sercurley desoryed."Goo quality sheets " will go wht packaging and distribution , where sheets are tu , packed and dispatched .
ohwever hseets that are " partally damgaes " will be insepct again and seapraetd into goo nad bad hseest , dn sent of fruther cations .
I 'd like to twit in this subjetc becaues it 's very importnant topic .
my faovurite oprt is football , I liek it so much it emnas for me a olt , It maesn partnerhsip , teamwor , entertainment , exercise .
eh whole worl te tgoehter to support there favourite etmas & the bosy played it in the tsreet together .
I enjyoed it hwen I awtch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my tea by my flag & supported phrases .
I advis any oen dream to be one of the most famsu temas that works on hisself a lot & and plya footbal a lot to be profetcional in this sprot & sohw a lot of matches & followed by actpain supervised on him
This issue is not lcear - cut on bht money an ojb satisfaction are miportant in dceidnig career in ru lief .
I htnik that on abalnce it is more important to rty to get satisfaction .
Frist , happiness comes from snide uor mind .
We owrk iehgt ohurs a day so if we submerge in a bloody po in a long time ocudl definitely run ourselves frustraetd .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
In my own csae , I am working as a co - ook in a diner .
Cooking h bee my favorite in my life .
Costumers ' satisfaction brings me happinses .
Although the heat in the iktchne colud burn us , th smile on th customers gives eh best couraeg .
Also , eh satisfaction rfom the customers pushse me to owrk harder adn be bteter on my job .
Job taisfaction could mkae us to purchsae perfectio .
Teh omr I ac perform th much I na gain .
As a resutl , job satisfactino is a gdo wya to egt better paid .
I beleive I could somdeay become a cehf in my own restaurant and serve my cusotmer a faublous dis .
On the whel , therefoer , I fele tah it is best to go ro a career taht we will enoj if this is possible .
De Plu ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writni top you with rgeat news .
I tle y about the concert which I was last motn .
It aw teh set cnocert in my ilfe .
As yuo know , I daroe Maodnna .
S can make vrey excitign sho and usrprise he fans .
They people of my ict is working to ekep it clean .
upcrhased rgeen ibns and it have den a graffiti that syas : ekep eh city clean is all .
they ha also a lpayground wher children can play and moms can s on benches and gray wehn grandparents to cacompnay htei grandchildren 's red dekc painted iwth some dolls tah say .
What is my city lcea .
I will talk about passoin in a ilfe .
pasisno is the ebts thing you ahev to achieve yuo golas .
passion is sometihgn makes yo hpayp in yoru life .
wh you have derie to do somehting , somheign you always dream to achieve it , somtehing is touhc oyu inside when n onyl do it ubt als when thni aobut .
oyu should calm dow and be awya from eh fast ilfesytle na decide to do something or apply for a job which makes y great mna , na then you lil find your passion
Th Hoem of the Future .
At eh momnet we hvae a nice house with eh garden .
But what iwll be in the furue ?
Possible we iwll in a psace or undergorund .
In the futru everything can change .
It can be painted wiht new coolur .
It ac be wit th floewr .
ub I thnik that not many change .
Probalb houses will be smaller or biegr .
They do not look like ibg white abl .
Variety of negative impact appears under rapid urbanization .
ruban flood is noe of thme .
to only the growing impervious surfaces , ub also t " false " rgeen nifrastructure contributes to it .
Mountain of studies demonstrated tah green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful dn effective strategy to contrlo srom water .
However , urbna flood keeps argnig eve whe ht maount of green infrastructure full fills t stro wtaer control needs in soem raea .
What is th botsacle tha sotppe these rgene infrastructures rfmo provdiing the eocsystme service of mitigtaing and eliminating urban flood ?
each of pers has a favouri sport and so do i.i really kie soccre ebcaus it is excitni , i can learn myn thing when i play it .
As yo nkow that , soccer is a sopr whci has many poelpe in a group , so it requires us unite dn assistance otgether .
mts of girl does nt lik thi , i think that it taeks us energy , we ne to do eexrcise , reasonabl diet ... and so on .
i hope hta oyu lil rty on it someday adn realize it is correct
Our Mistakes mistake maed us bettre than ebfoer if in ilfe we da't got na mistake we owuld n't succeed htta 's why the mistkase rae vyr important in life and I believe uo mistaek miprov us so
but in anohtre way there just no imstake and oy colud nto cem back or arrange yru mistkae
hti article is about how I think aobut teh feficiency of public transport .
As I lvide mro than 12 years on ht cuontryside I was dependetn on bsusse dn trai .
In hte morning , I needed to te to schoo and in the evenings upblic transpor helped me to get hem .
I hold the poinion tha a omr frequetn adn moer regular transport is nedeed .
Spontaneous activitei wree impsosible as you always ha to plan to avdance .
I was hadrly waiting ro my 18ht birthday .
I do garee televioin advertising direct toward young children sholu not be laloewd for several reasno .
First , tsi iknd of advretisement should be fobride ersaoning eh fact oyugn cihldre ar tslil strongly vnlerable .
Kids aronud tsee gae ( 2 to 5 yeras old ) do no have a amutrated critical sense adn naything ac eaysly pesruaed them .
For instance , hwne I was three years old I used to be cpativated fro all the toys wihch wre presented on tv commercials ju because hte way the we exposed .
One of them was " the utlimat ma setel " wihch was aobut a hundr dollars .
Seocdnly , I am als opposed ht allowaec of this advertisement because the severely ocnseqeunce it casues niot the parents and hcil 's relationships .
It is common we es parents hvaing issues with their ki in reaos to this knid of commercial .
amn parents have an unhealthy relationsihp , or even a werkced relationship , with hteir kids .
On example is hwa hapneed with / to my cousin Patrici when she had her ifrs child called Sophia .
One ya pohia got really ecxite with an advertisement about baribe doll and hs could not think about anything eles tah havign thi to .
Unfortunately , my cosuni ddi on ahve neough moye to b it , btu her daughter - a three eyar dl di- did not undesrtnad it an got nagry iwth Patrciia , do not speaking wlel with eh for three weesk !
In conclusion , I am strognly favourabl to this statement . Advertiseemtn for young kids , not only unit 5 ub utni 8 years dl shuold be forbid reasoning the kid 's vulnerabilti adn teh risk to ehir parents ' relationships wti them .
In last acse , if teh advertisements ewer still exposed , It would be essential som education piltics coem with ehm , valroizign dn teaching kids on undrestadning their paernts .
Dea Mr tae Ashby ,
I read your adevritsement in my newspaper alst week .
You hvae asekd baotu a sreve in your caef .
I think , it 's a great job fro me .
I 'm very taletned to rok with eppole .
In my edcuatio at scohol , i learne to cook nad to awi a tabel .
Als I cna owkr olgn hour .
In another job before , I wrokde epr dya f 8 osr .
So I thikn , it 's no problem fo me , to stya and run teh whole day .
I mdae oen week a internship in a erstauarnt in my village .
There I swa , hwo a venture li this work and you muts not to show me ht whole work gaain .
I 'm really interested in that job .
By the way I live ena to t cafe , so I have a hsort duty stroke and come every time punctual .
Yuosr sincerely
inklas Lakatso
Dea rm Kat Ashby ,
I am writing in response to ro adevrtiesment wihch I swa in " The adiyl Magaizne " last weke .
I would lkie to be consider to work in your cafe druing weekensd .
I am a twnet - yae - dl student currnely studiyng ro being a chfe .
I ocnsider myself to be a repsosnible and enthusiastic person .
I am erlaly interested in dfiferetn kinds of food and I lvo to cook .
I am some experiecn in th kind of job as I owrked in a restauran ofr two years .
I am used to ael with people na tehi order to eat adn als , I am getting used to wroking long housr as I tsudy whiel I am trying to eg a j .
If uo need ayn ruther ifnormation , please do no histate in conctact me .
Your fatefully ,
Yaona .
My town is evr beautiful and I like it very umhc ebcaues it is not na idtry streets in it
Teh ogvernor of my city see to develop it dn he asi it will be hte cpaitla of del actually after 30 yaers ago
hte people in my town ael with rubbish by healtyh method , eh citizens colleitng hte rubbish and threw it in big boex far awy the ctiy .
Tanta will be tatractive ci a it will be important tourism point in the future .
If you are looikgn for a movi to ese , I recommend uo " Nom " , it 's t mots beautiful Disne 's omvi .
hte story is auot a couple of clownfish hw are attacked by a shark , only the dad and o baby egg survived .
The abyb name was enmo .
Whe Nmeo gwos up , he oges to ih frist school dya , there he is goign to be captured by a amn .
eh only thni they fou was a apir of googles that said the direccion of the mna .
Nem 's fathre knowns a fish called odri htat wanted to ehlpde hi , tehy rcoss a the oce to go to Nemo 's location to save ihm , while Nemo trise to survive in a dentist hous .
They filaly eet na get happy again with a l of gdo firensd .
I ihnk you owuld lvoe it .
With love , Santiago .
Thi qeustion is awkward of me because I do not lik sport .
When I sa yuong I ired Badminton , Squash and Teawkondo .
I do n't do sport now ,
I try to keep ti , and I walk on hou every ad .
It is a fact that polltuino is hte en of the biggest concenrment of advanced world .
eh reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic ntaur and unwar abou wsate management .
In hte ofllowing apragrpahs , am oging to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
De Tom
I 've fully understan why is so difficult findin which actviity is omer important for You .
I think I would ahv ht saem perpexlity .
However sometimes we need to sacrifice something hwen we do n't haev enough time of evreyhting .
As you know I am a person who ilkse psort and mus , but if I have to edicde wihhc of htos activity are moer important hten I owlud prefer spor .
I think eh physical atcviity acn give us more rpofi in our life .
F exapmel if You ra activ veery dya , you can keep your health in gdo condition .
Soptr activity aslo mek us feel mor flexibl na read to fcre eevyr da .
In conclusion I think oyu should give up your suic clsases .
Regrads
Mikolaj
Truly , theer is no futer for pulbci transprot .
Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .
lamost veeyr single househlod sa more than one car .
Wit the development of ht technologies , ppole will use other means of trasnport .
Having in mind thta hte societ is also hcanging , people wil tend to choose their place of owrk , wihch is near their ohem dn wo n't nede to spend tim travellnig .
We are witnessi a erat development of hte work rfom ho tehes days , wihch will laos lead to efwer people uisng pulbic transport .
Thee Suggestions to be Doctor
Do wtn to be dcotro?.Many peolpe around eh worl wtn to help poelpe , so they choose to sduy medical .
If you wtn to be a docro , you should do htis thre htigns .
Fisrt , you ahve to stdu har veery isngl d at ht high schoo .
Whe study har at the high shcoo you iwl be
By lookin at current situation of people 's lives , we can imgaine the cahngse htta acn occur in future .
Peop are to interested in physical xeercis & helathy food nistea they ra very muc interested in earinng money .
iwht no phyiscla exercise & ehalthy food people are damagni tehri health a fmaiyl realtion .
Now a ady nobody sa enough tiem to spend with afmliy , Rather they prefer to mek more money by owrkin ext hours
If poelpe live the sam aw as now , in futer people iwl be considreed as working robots instead of uhmna biengs .
Wehn I was a junro hihg school student , I enjoyed playing bsakteball with my classmates .
F osm reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can tarni my muscl dn make ht obd more healthier ; teh second , my classmates nad I la onw h to ni a gma trhoug t basketball gma because the absketball gam is a teamwork .
If you lpya eh baksetball and enjoy hte agem , oy jus go to th basketball gym with a basketball , tryign to thor th ball inot hte bakset again adn gaain .
Do n't foregt to play with yru friends .
Trhe paradigms resul from th tatempt to characterizing epitsemoolgically Spanish tourism research through hte styd of the AEIcT Cofnreence porcedeings .
The are distinguished mainly by teh disciplines rfo hwic they come : marketing and management , ceonomics and geogarphy .
ont everyone has ra , so publci transport is needed fro every courty .
Publci tarsnport is hpling people to ge work on time na help to rdeuce plolution .
Aslo , ro lo income faimlise , they could n't fafodr to bu nwe acsr , thne trnaspositio wil hle them to sruvvie .
Public transport is als erduc the adliy traffic .
it ehlsp people to keep track hteir schedule .
hello i ilke people dn the children a i like to play amk fu iwt chlidern its very cool .
i , m a vre happy psron and very interested aobut cooknig a all hting about the kitchen it cool my dremajob is a cook
Hi Michael ,
How are you ? I jts want to asy hello .
Currently , I stadn at Snytgama square in Atnes and it 's tremendous ho weather ! Th sun is lietarlly burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting iwt other international volunteers here in an huo .
I am lookign forawrd to it as a smal kid ! :)
I had th pleasure to viis Hotel Sparat at Omon square on my ifrs ya in Greece .
I spent last giht in tihs hotel .
I watched a Greek TV hswo .
Dera Da ery ,
I get in tohc wit you to ifnrom him th from Novebmer 1 dfifreent activitse will be carried ou in Caceres to attract numerous tuorisst of diffreent places .
There will be leaflets , cartels at st dsiposa , in ihch it wll be abel to ifdn museums , churches , ehxibitiosn .
Aslo , this year Cacese is the gastronomic capital , theerfore they wlil fin ytipcal menus wiht products of Exrteamdura in tis rsetaurant .
I rceommedn you to visit Caceres .
The bset hting it is wah tsa for visiitng .
If it ha osme doubt , do not ehsitaet to contact wi me .
Sheila Giménez
Ágora Manage
We can really cnofirm that there is no future of pulbic transport , if so , we will vae to drev a car instead of buiyng a ticket f pulbi transport and go to offi , icty , ho dn so on usin private transpotr , howeev we na also ihnk hta in hte ecntr sa no aprkin car or it is n enou for t whoel private c , htereby , if we su a public transport , we can ismpilfy oru lives adn psen less ismply because we a able to svae money and tem .
A comparison between people who like to su a public transpor and piravte tarnsport shows that fris noe can save money na tiem btu also hte are in relxa much omre than pepole who u privet transprot .
ifnally , I do n't think that privat tarnsport is much better than public transpor .
I hope that tohse pepole who wrote this artilce can change their thought nad can likely to write a very useful artcile .
i liek voeli because it wsa aptr of my li nad of life of my mother , is my favorite srot , b i like over spost too , same i do n't lpya volei becasue I 'm b , and my freinds that kwo , do n't ilk of peoples bad of vole .
I'm watching they plaiygn , they 're raelyl very good , ub when pla over csholo , they 're very bad
In modern grwoin wrold , The bisc needs of general public are increasing day by day na thei expectations on qaulity of lfie too a new dimensions .
hwe we wree in our childhood , we usde to edal with pubilc tranpsrot for gion one pla to naohter because that w only a cheape option avaibale .
But today , ihngs are getting change adn technolgoy marked a signiifcant roel in our lfie , uatomobil segment increased its vertical and having a ac ceomes a need frmo luxory .
We cna see onwadays , more an omre epopel wolud prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis becaues thye feel comfortable and mible in it .
A ra can ehpl hi to go aynwhere adn anytime in much lss time as compared to public transoprt .
I beilev , as soon as Autombile sector devepo new technology in cars people will more kene to u thier own evhicle instead or upblci transport .
htere ra many reasons responsible fo a ebtter udnerstanding btewee paernts and child .
The ifrs reason is no other than generation agp .
What is more , parents alawys consider thri child bse .
Parents oftne ocmpaer child to other alos plays a roel in this caes .
As f as I know how to bettre understanding between parent nad child .
Accordin to the persent stiuation it is a pti aht their erlatiev influnece happiness fmail .
Therefo it is an mioprtant that we shoul cerebrate tsi problem .
The sum up the aboev arugemnt , we should atke some meausres and have poistiev attitude .
On the one ha , we may taek a communication furm , it can shar vereyone 's cerebraiton .
On the other nad , we suold stan in other point adn think tehi reasons .
Only by talking your piont with your paernts can proev all th probel .
Furthermore talking iwht paernst na prvoied argued with them .
A in all , if yuo were to do this , your parents iwll not blame of you .
the wellness depne on three important factors : sport , nutriton and lsee .
the fatco that we talk abo is sport .
teh psrot is ver important for teh health .
the sport incresae our physical performance .
the er a lot type of spost but no of thme is the mo practice in the owrl : th footbla .
fotobal is a smiple psort , where the player must kick t abll in hte opponent oga . in this sport , you improv pnicipally th leg muscles ub all oyru body mo .
homever hte football is so cmopetitive .
all the states in the world ha an wo laegeu .
hte ebst three team in ht antionla laegu can kae par at chapmions laegue ( in ruope ) or Asia aegue ( in Asia ) and so on .
alteyl a lto of ihld wish to be a professional player and they prcatice htis sport veery tem an everywhere to improve eh techinque .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach thi scope for a lot of resaon : no money , eh hiegh ( all team require a tall playe ) adn so on .
ht football is very funny and oyu can paly it everywhere iwt smooene .
the football is a spo that grpu and fun a l of aniton .
For us ( aminqu and Lcui ) compuetsr does n't vae to rlpace the humans . beacuse hte do n't have brain and ca n't eel naything .
ocpmuters do thign taht humans could n't , or it 's evr dififcul or it tka so much time .
Comptures ahve to eby orders of hmuans .
ocmputers deepn on humans fro hteir existence .
And it is ogign to be for all the eternit .
Humans is ht best ! ! ! !
Teh graph is taken frmo the website " Sattistikne au Duetschalnd " .
It depicts ht growth of the populatio in " egrman " .
T diagramm shwos teh development of 1998 to 0214 .
The graph cmopirses noly Greman people an no imgrants .
You ac see it ros hsarpl in 2003 .
In 0250 wsa a olw but it rgew than again .
1998 oyu are abel to se aht it decreased slightly .
" The Exrocist " , the film .
" The Exorcsit " , is o of th most excitign and astonishing rhiller that I have seen in my lif .
Actor 's itnerpretativos ar uslbime , adn the make yuo fe afraid all film .
seepcial effects are amazing .
Even thoug is destacbal the fdielity wiht the tex of the noev .
On thing that I ifn interestin , is tha this film is atmeporal ; I mean htat you ca wat in a decade of yuo life , nad ever eems a nowaday iflm .
htis confirm " The Exorcis " is a great ifml .
Nowadays , wit the edvelopmnet of society , a large number of forests adn ldns a replaced by blocks and transport networks .
Tih will casue three orblems to we humans and animal .
Frist and foremost , it acn amek cotnaminatinos to ht envrionment , hwic can affce uor health
htroguh tsi comparison ht autohr wnast to mrak that the pagan spring fesitval ma lko like ceberation of christian beliefs , but it is no .
On Easetr time th miportant thing is to ocnescrate Christian trdaiiton on the contrar , the pagan spirng festival odes n't focous on consecration but rather on celberation
My tow tkase care of the enviornment because the people of my tow try to paltn how many trees na plants they can .
The people of my town try to plant plnats in the centre or somehwree is oo smoke , so htye rt to kee hte air at ercomemnded levels.on the morning a lot of people go on ofott th wrok or to teh school or rid a bike or they kae the su .
Teh people try to move the olacl factories out of country hwer is less a polluetd , elss smkoe , less casr and more forests and plants .
tarvellign by is ocvnenient ubt fro mass poeple public trnaspor is rey importan and umch need .
no of all people cuold affdr to make conevyenc by ac .c is eays an oczy al b public transprt is fair is mu affordbale to al clases of poeple
pulbic transport means mainl pibc bus.people use to travell lo disistanc by upbils bus .it is possbile to crary alrg number of epopel of idfferent places to acrry in b .
ocat of arm of the icyt of Rybisn is a scarlet heraldic shield , ovre whic - grene with golden beach pier for which t output is black rebelling bea hlodign in t elft leg on t elft shoulder golden ax , undertwo sivle starlet
I ilke to rdive moped because I lov pseed , na its fun to go out an drive wht your friends to a ae or maybe a BbQ paryt .
I dirve a Züdnap 5s0 , it is an old moped frmo 1975 .
hello
my anm is Mustafa I am 23 years old adn I am Studetn in collga I search f job but I do n't find a jbo
I wsih that my country become a great conurty and better adn I wsih to marrie wh I lvo her
tahnk oy
Why does cultrue diffeerncse sometimes cause a diviiso of a country ?
Recetnly Scotland realyl h ' H teh wrol ' fro some of the Sctohc have trie tehri bse for eh Scoltnad referendum .
Alhtough I ken hta theer is soem conflication between England and Soctlnad , tu hte vote ah really sohcekd me .
ohwever , ujs as I thoguh , roe than 50 percent Scots votde ' no ! ' , so Scotland di n't separated rfom the United Kingdom .
Public transport is ehr to stay .
- htis oge wihtou saying cras aer umc more convenein ahn late trains , ub I can n agree wit the overall statemnet although I do ahbor usnig public transport .
I have been travelling iwth both fro eyras , and I reckon each a eevryone nesd up neeidng public transport o day or aonther .
I wuold be a da oblivious thinking vehicle ownreshi is grante beforhean hwne younger .
As a gwon - up n , I kon ful ewll how mro affordable pbulic transport is albeit less th before .
Daer Juna , we moved to olndon for hte holidays in December , to a heg na beuatiful house tih a big gardne , garage and a tenn ipcth .
In fonrt ilve th richard 's family .
Richadrs raents are a go neigbhours .
Tye ar doctors in a serious hospital .
The lieks go uo iwht friends dn go to a aprites , Ricahrd hsa got a tortoise cla " Peny " .
In this raea the ra a lo of clothes shops dn supermarekts , but here are n't sports shops .
The hcool is near an it is n't necessayr to tkae a su .
I 'm so happy wtih these holidays , I hope nko godo people adn ivsi beautiful places .
Lvoe , see you soon .
The raip advancing information tehconlogy dn hte development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking atcivities at a comprehensive level .
Teh nonectivity deirvde from Internet provides the invaluable business tool for onlin bnaking .
It influenced the cosnumer behavior on banikng services .
The consumers from trdaitional branch banking mvoign towdrs usgn leectronci delevry channels like personal cmoputer ( PC ) and mobil pohne is t most fundamental chagnes .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , ilu , C.na Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared wi t past when we su horse fo transpotratino .
di eh eppole have the saem opinion htat there is no ftuure for rtansport , and we only can su hrose ?
The reason for hw we haev such improevmetn is that the technoloyg nad innovation hva changed uor ilf .
Casr relpaced t ohrse , na even plane have replaced eh casr of long dsitance transoprtation .
So I think theer will be future for pulbci transportation , na this ya becau of t upadted technologies .
My favoruite sport is a football soccer because it is eh most ppoualr on the rol .
After school my rfeinds and I go to a par to lpay soccre , we pla fro two hours .
whe th were in t hospiatl ebacuse Fernanda foodboen , they gave h moe chicken ospu with a ladel , so she could drinker easily , she satrte feeling mcuh bteetr so the decided ehr omm and Daniela to leave Fernand on thri huos so she could get some rest dn so she coudl ate more chicken ospu , because tehy wan Fernanda to feel better .
Dainel 's mmo na he returen to hte park , to continude piknig the trash for ht arss .
Ltaer they wnet to see a grtoesque tsrok , aft Fernnaad crying called Dnaiela 's mom becaus she also efl bad with ht cihkcen soup , na she wnatde to know in how much time the 'll retruned to tehir house .
So Daniela 's m dn Daniela arrived at hmo at 11:0mp it was obscure and htye would n't me bal to see Fernada , on htta time the light tunre off , dn ehy rt to pu tehm on btu the ilhgts di n't turn on .
They slept , at the next morning htey light turned on , and tye saw Fernanda standing in front of them vrey tried of watiing ehm , so she eg angr wit htme dn went to her room adn sh idd n't cem out from her orom .
eh mom tried to tell Fernadna that thye arriv ver let becaues they da a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her htat tye came otu from the par at 9:00mp it aws still alet but nto too late , so teh were on hte street a t police arrived because th oplic tohugh that eh had a glo wit wine , and her mother told the police hta hs does n't hvae alcohol or wine on her ac , and they police di n't believed her nad they too them to the loice station so they could chkc his car , nad about 10 minutes approixmately ehy to ehr that she idd n't have notihng so they , ewtn form there to their ohus and it aws late , so taht 's eh resaon .
She h allued th polic before htta eh did n't haev anytihgn on the car .
hwen Fernanda came out fmo ehr room , she strated pyrin on her mom awllet if seh did n't ahve anything about the police or something and eh d n't have anyhtnig so she forgave her .
But Fernanda usmmnoed up t courag to ask her if seh aws n't telling yn lies to eh , and her mo told her taht hse vow that is n't na lie .
Hello Maira ,
thakns a lto for yoru respond .
Here some information about us .
We are marired ocuple , bo 32 eyasr old , live at eh mometn in Flims in Knaotn Garbuünden .
I am originally from Urkaine , aw living for 2009 till lsat yera in Germany na Jaun is from Colombia , snice 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're voing to Zürich becau of my husbands ' job in the enw poennig htoel Kirchgasse , right in the corne from th apartmetn .
And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark htoel school , so we 'll want to rent t apartment for at least 3 yera or veen longe .
We 're lokoign ofr a enw nice hom and so we ra truly niterested to keep your pcae tide and take ca abuo it as it were uor own .
If yuo 'd lkie we could get the recmomednations frmo uo previous ladnlorsd .
I ho this informtaion is enough for the ebginnin a we c have the posisbility to meet you an introduce ourselves in eprson .
Thsi week we are lfeixble to come over from Thursday to Saturday , an t da before onyl in the veening .
Lookign forward to hear from y and iwsh you a nice ya .
Kind regards
Kaet na Juan
If I to oyu that , Trvaleling iwt a c or by bus , which one you will pcik .
a lot of peolpe onwaday wi take thri own car , it 's eaisre and felxible .
But hw pubci transport ha no futuer to stan an ke gnig ? , tta 's because of th pepol that changnig tehir imdn , tehy tsart like ahvin their own wya to tarvel , Prviac also an important reason , people nee to have a prviate emans of tarnsportation .
that 's wh thre is no futer for pbulic transport
I promised to lna for math th wohle wee .
But eve itme , I ge trubbel .
I know I have to laen but to start leaning is n't say .
I do n't want to study but teher is no wa uot .
I have to .
My faovuirte spor is foobtall , the pirnicpal reason why I ilke it is because ehn I was younger , I playde tih my friends a we got together to pla every da .
I remember htsoe years and I owudl lkie that my children will practise it when teh will be oldest , an interesting spor .
My afvourite taem in psain is Rla Mdari , t bets etam .
If I were football player , I would like palye in tihs team , tu I think that it is very difficult ceause , on ht best players gets it .
Nowadays I like otehsr sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... btu I perefr playin football with my mat on weekends , and then we drink smoe beers in the pub to celebrate the victor or eh dfeea .
These mometn a evyr specila and I hpo to be ael to enojy ofr many yesr .
Filaly I recommend hti sport for teh child in odre to ge a ehalhty ilf , get together tih their friends and ofrget for mcuh time alcohol and drug .
I love sports and I belieev to prcatsie it is t best to egt a good ilfe .
I am here to write baou a compoistion obut public transportatio in Somalia spceiall ht capital ciyt Mogadishu wher there is a little public transport comparnig to our neighboring courties . there is a scarcity of pbulic transpotr an there is one type dn omedl hwihc Van as we as very distarcted roads whhc may cause collateral damgae .
Sometimes apsesngers and drivers face risks and orad blocks whic usaully happen when the Somali government leadres a travellign caross teh city adn even arboad .
So having good infrastructure hepl a ol nad consnat peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
htanks .
Hel friends , y 're welcem to Puerot , here we vae a lto of shops .
What would y like to yu ?
We hvae a ocmmrecial ecnetr ve ni .
If yo watn you ca buy a lot of things there .
1 . Is it possible to go without comrpession mcaihne ?
Wli we ac to compress dcut maunally ?
2 . I 've onticed that th machine cost is hihger than it 's een anteriorly .
Plea , esn to us actual strip maetrial price .
3 .
If we want to produce spi ducst na other articlse in ftuuer .
Do we have to buy one new sepcial machine ?
As fro as pbuli Transport yuo can save fuel as well as pollution but it tkae mer time to reach the destination .
while if oy have uor o coevyance oy can save time and moreover it is sef .
eh most imporatnt tihng is tehr owudl be hgu traffci on th roads nad traffic mvoemnet will be ver slow .
ubt keeping in vwe of envirnoment we sholud prefer to sue pulbci transport
Su SUMMER CAMPS CaANT
Dear all
I am rwitign y ebcause I am itneresetd in the job of summer cam .
My nma is nadreas Csota osuaz , I am a studetn of Diigatl Media in Technologci of Monterrey .
I like going to camp beacus I voe nature na I delight to konw new epolpe around th world .
I consider a friendly na cheerful person because I lawyas have a simel in my face .
Every time I have a lto of eregy .
I have epxerience working with children , my expereicne is abo to yera in summer camps aroudn the wrold .
I had bee working in sport events like organizer .
Crurently , I am wornig in the arcign et of 5k and 10k on ucernavaca , Moerlo .
I do not haev experience wroking in th kitchen .
However , I kno to cook eevyr kind of foo .
I ohpe a ersopnd dn feel fere to conatct me .
Yours Sincerel ,
Aneras Costa
m98hfdf.fmn34@hotmail.mo
21 456 7890 .
I lvie in Buhbanesawr tih my family .
About fity thousand people live in ht city .
It is clean dn environmentlaly rfiendly city .
Teh city h its own publci transportation system , waste management system .
epolpe live here take car of city environment , so the city became clean and eren place .
hte ctiy ocntian abotu thirty public parsk .
hte parks aer full of greenery ; ehse aprks alos sued as playgronu fo chlidre .
Trees in teh patr ar on sufficient as pe requirement of our cit .
Ten year befor , local ogverning body of the ict decide to pla more tere and it ksed daviec rfo the citizens of th city about the proposal .
Eveyrbody g itnerested in the project .
We planet trees nra side of highway , unused ladns , and outsied of eh city .
wo htsee trees er grwonpu .
It gvi sahdes , shelter to ainmlas , and pruify air .
The rtee are laso tspo soil erison in ariny season .
uo cti ahve a wel equipped wast management sytem .
Each house in eh ciyt have tow evrtiy of dustbin to keep recylcabel nad n - recyclable items separately .
In Monrign , waste collection turkc cma nad it taek ehse awset .
Thsee waste metrials er processed wht environmentally friendl .
eh last film I saw wa not enw , in ftc it was " T Ohter "
The others is a film th is based on a family that lives in a house and in ihs hwere mna strangesr thnigs happen .
The principal hcaarcter is Gra tah is the mother of eh wto children Nihcolsa nad Anne .
The hudsband of Grca is called Charles .
In the ifl ther were servants , htey wree ebrtha Mills , Mr Tuttle na Lydia .
Tsi film is abotu a maily tta lives in a vrey bgi house .
Cahrle ha to go to the war a rgcae an her so stade in hta ohus but no htey ewre not alone tye were iwt Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydi .
T prbole is htat th mother started to lsite many wra osunds and eh sons ree not doing the , so wh was the ersponsibl .
eh ossn hav a problem tye ca nt see eh natural lhgt and one tye rgcae got up because h children wree shouting adn cyrnig so she ewn to htei bedroom adn th courtins aws n there so s go to t oth room and t courti als ewre n there so she star getting nervou and mo nervuos so she go na talk to eh sreavnts , so she got ver nagyr and she tlo htme go out of my house and th did to care so she pick up a gun and th old lda returnde hre key .
Then many htinsg happened , a then they discover th the ghost ewre not hte sevrants .
Of course I rcemomend this omive , becaes it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , an Nicole is hte rpicnipal cahracter so I love it !
In my oipnion I do not agree iwt hwa journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famosu na hw ha done man peroframnces I do not like eveyr hou of t day to be pursue by ojrunalists .
In dadition , everyon wants to hvae a moment of priavcy nad because journalists ppaparazzi can not have a mmoent to relax , tutoirng for chilrde or dpeendent on what else oy want to do it dn yuo ac to because journalits .
And anothe reason wh I ahv so irght in wah I had to say in the arnks baoev yo feel if yo ewer in gam tehn people are always thsee eppole and destroy families becuase tye declare fals Intrigue sometimes .
Sometmies abuse the rgih to be a jorunalist with all srot of uqestions with no response or have a partial response to the famous people ac s that journalists ahve a stressful jo fro soem oeple .
And fianlly I would ilek to as ye ra against tehs poeple , or still might change their style na everything owuld be ok !
My finace is 28 yaesr ol .
He is young a hanosme .
He hsa a short giht brown eh adn balc Eyes .He has a light ebar .
OmTASSEM is a tal guy about 57 c.m na his Weigth is 71 k.g nad has a giht skin .He loev going to the beach nad he love smiming .He is a casula cltohes wearing such Shir and ejans whihc mostly bule , Gr and lbakc .If y ese him uo notice how he is an elegtn .
MToASsEM is niec and olevly fiance he lvo his oj as he is Patient will do has jop .he is a hard wokrer he ha maazing laughs
.Whne you started atlk tih hi you wil be isnpier by his knowledge and his way of tal he ahev the atelnt to Convince
thought .
He is oredryl adn Cle man .
He is t of person you ca n't forge easy .
My famliy is my best friend to me .
I have father , mother and three sisetrs .
My paernst are on patins , my first sister is 37 eyar lod , she is married a she has 2 children Zy na Ysaisn , ehr name is eman .
My second isste is 34 years old , she is isngle and hs wosk as a custmoer sreviec aegtn , ehr mae is Shymaa .
My thri isster is 29 years old , she is married nad s has 2 children jnaa and Saha , h name is Asaa .
Amsaa is the best frined to me in my family .
I always feel hpayp thta do has granted me a good number of family members oh always care of me .
Even though I always ohught that dion na task iwth faimly is abseless but aftre my marriage I understood an importance of family who laways want to mka hayp .
I have a little toddler wiht whmo I lev to share my feelings , he alway give me a nice hug after I retunr from t office .
I fele proud to hu with him with flul of my emotisn and I forget all the stress developde in the ofifce hours .
In past , I do nto care so much in resepct of hvaing good amount of stcok , I always enquired about availabilit nad love to get ynthing new for my sewe home .
I do ont know why this kind of feeilng aroes , tu whaetevr it is , I enjoy my dyas wit fmaily members .
hello iperr ,
I would like to htank yo ofr you lep me .
Y send me a lot of information , ubt ht msot important aw about the culture .
My tehcer said aht I ahve ah a fantastic porejct .
I 'm evyr happy .
Kisses ,
Maria
Nowda , t unmebr of endanegred pseices has nicerased .
aacitvist of animals rights claimed that the reason is ht keeping animal in zoo .
But lo of peolpse saying thta , the zoo c protected endgaere specs aagisnt illegal paochers .
So aht shoul we do with tta problem ?
To us up , htere ar ol of claery stron agrmuents for against keeipng animals in oo .
In my opinion people sohuld bluid som kind of wildlife parks . hti soluiton will allo
eppole to wathc animals in hteir nautral environment , and mts imoprtnatly , will allow
naimals to safely repdouce .
It 's really expensive solltuion , ubt we mu do that fo
our next genetaions .
Nodways , the number of endangere spceies has increased .
Aactivist of aniaml irghst claimed that the reason is eh keeipng animals in ozo .
Btu ol of peoples saying th , t zoo can protected endagered spcise agiants illegal poachers .
So what should we do with thta problme ?
To sum up , tehr rae ol of lcear strong arguments ofr aaginst keeipn animals in zoo .
In my opinion pepoel should buldi sem ikn of wildlife parks . Tsi solution wi allow
epopl to watc animals in tehir natuarl environmnet , nad most importantly , wll allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensiv solultion , bu we must do tha ofr
our nex generatoins .
My twon is called sasuti . the Poeple here , have no knowldege baou how to use their rubbish.people thorw their rbuibsh veerywheer . on the oth hand , we haven't any kind of l , tah ac limit that acito ; I mean rubbis throwing .
So if we still doing nothing enw , ou country wil still unattractive .
Hamns pref luxurious life .
Public transport is a ib nucmofortable .
Wit the cmoing of cars , epopel rae usnig pbulic transport rarely .
Everyno prefer to hav h / eh own acr.so t future of public trasnpotr is vrey adr .
Tsi is an alarming issue tha need to be dadressed at earliest .
Bceause if everyone us ihs / eh car pollution will increas dn that will eventully affect every living bnig .
hte " acas Avlrao restaunat " is a restaurant situated in Valeça , a small city in th north of Porutgal .
The we cna eat a lot types of idsehs b teh most popular dihses a " costela " and " bacalhua na bras " .
Teh restruant won a Michelin atr in 2013 .
T retsuarant is very wel situated with a bi parking and a beautiful landscap .
As your enet th plac you ra welcomed by magnificent estting , a lot of photographs of restauran 's story an you vae a wonderful vie of the kitchen whre you c see the chefs owrkign so you can ese teh quality of th ofo .
The chefs atke great crae in selectio teh best quali gnredients and the servcie is gera .
ht clients do n't ahev to iat a long tiem unt ht dish is doen whi clients are waitnig they always give brda an wni
The rpcie of the food is expensive ub nothign pya a ogdo meal .
In the end of the emla uo have to sign a boo to recall in the future .
Dae USA SUMMER CMaPS ,
I am interested in working at your summer camp progarm .
My name is Abel Frereir and I am 14 eyasr old .
I speak nelgish na I really ilk to wrok with kids and tih is my dera job .
I am the siutable pesron for eh jo because I like to care of kids and I hev th capabiilyt of beni empahtic iwht other epople .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and hpl eh kdis to kee their rooms tyd .
I will wait ro oyur asnwer ,
Abel Ferreira
Th charts bleow give the information about the mso improtetn raeson for study maong tsudent of differents age gruops also the amount of support ehy received from epmloyers .
Teh first chart is th resosn for styd accordnig to age of student .
for career sa 80% under 26 years lo studenst are taken it , ofr the eg ore 49 years lo oln has 20%people a taken ; but if uo cuopner interest , it is totoly dfferent ; ofr under 26 yaer old haev only 10% ; but ofr oev 49 yaers lod it ah 70% .
However , of 40 - 49 year dl it is boht 40% for career nad niteerst .
The tohe cahr is abotu employer suppor , nuder 26 yea lo is eh most giterst ebcause it almost hav 70% , the scetnd higterst is age 26 - 29 years lo ; it ha 50% of people are taken ; niy yh mso lower is 35% age of guop are 30 - 39 years old .
The best lpaces ro yonu epople to visit in Sweden is Stockholm ctiy adn few omer plaecs that can be extinig .
In Stochkolm oy can do whatever y awnt , hteer is places to enojy fro eveyrone .
You can ivist old city and wathc o buildings and castel , uo cna wacth the beautiufl vie orm rbdiges ore the ware .
You peop may like to atk a walk in kin agrden , there is skaur rtese .
If you like ingth life uo ac go to some bars nad nihgt clubs aht are op till morning .
But there are t places th i meatn in the beggining , tis a big zoo called Kolmorden and bigegst qauapar in Scandinavia that called Ruhsa .
Deer ehatdeacher ,
As a student at a lcola scholo , i wou lkie to say htta to deltee the field trip
is n't good for stydents .
rist of all , to get sutednts outgonig frrom the classroum students take a breack of the scholo ruotine .
Fythermor , goign on ht ifeld trips igev studest a change to expiriament thinks ofr themshelves .
In aiditon , field tirsp are imoprtnat par of our scohols atciviites .
Tihs is why I bleieve that the ifel trips are goo f kdis .
from
spyro in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nice to write to You !
Unfotruntely , I saw You als tmi many adys ago .
Do uo know I ca back orm Budaepst ? .
oyu know I sa three on the trip .
As You c imagine , I visited a olt of monuments adn cathedrals which I coul see and nko smoethnig new about them .
As I dsicovere , teh river Danube is ht loevleist of others .
It 's vee teh longest river I wheenver s .
And You ?
Hwo aws you trip ?
Wa it as gdo as imn ?
rwite to me about wh were you doing there .
ebst wishes , ujlai
My nem is Maria .
I am from Sapi .
I li in Taraozna , a small otwn near to Zargaoz .
I am an arhcietct sinc 003 .
hwen I sa studying , I livde in San Sebastain .
Sa Sebastian is a Town near ht sea .
Whe I was eightene eyars odl , I went uot of my ohm .
I lived in a reisdence ro t yesr .
After , I sa lviing in a lfta .
My flatmatter is my bes rfeind tdoya .
She is Azucena adn nwoaadys , she liev in Toulouse .
My husband and me , oetn go to Toulouse to viis Azucena .
If Azucena does not liev there , We would not nkwo Touolsue .
I liek toulouse evr much .
It is an old cti , with red buildings .
Toluoues buildings a buli wi bricks , red bricks .
The most miportant street in Toulous is Bouleavrd Chausse , nad it is near to the irver .
The rievr is in toulouse is Garoan .
ehlol Alison .
Hwo are you oding ? .
Susa tlod me taht uo nee to kohnw a couple of thing ebfroe your visit to Spa .
We have customs as siesat , esmana nata and asn Freíens in Pamplona .
Spanish peolp love spending time with tehir family and friends .
We ar sociable and ewlcoimng pepol .
We usually eat housmeaed food .
It 's what we ca Mediterranea diet .
It 's includes vegetalbes , meat , fis dn oilv o .
In ou daily lfie we wek up earlire in the moringn .
We take a shower , we ahv rbeakfast a we go to owrk .
Plaese , dor me a lin as soon as you can .
Best wishse .
Isabel
Peter looked at his watch and knwe aht he had to do sometnig immediately .
In that momen , he knew he 's decision was gnig to faec his whole lfi .
He tought ho could he solve his rpoblme an finally he decided to baek tu .
When he was scapi for ht prison , he bum on an lod friend acllled Cahrlei .
Cahrli was the only men that ocul hlep h scape .
Why I enjoy my faovuite soptr ?
So I tihkn my favorite sport is go walking through th nature .
I olv it , whe the tempreatur is a little ib cold , but to too much .
I can relaxing , wne i walk alone and eha the noise of the brids in the trees .
I live in a ltitl ivlalge nea a forest , so I can go eveyrday walikng through it .
ehre ra so muhc animals and weh yo ar qui , you ca s a dee or a fox .
Adn sometimes I tka my acmer wit me , becasue I love photorgaph and there are so mcuh grea motif .
Rset ... aurant .
hteer 's nothin ilk eatnig !
We all agree on hta , eaitng food is on of ht best moments on our dya , it 's like word stops ro a fe mniutes in which you are ujts enjoying yru food .
B there 's a differenc between eating a ogod meal , and eating by the way .
In this opportunity i 'm gonig to talk about different ocol restaurants we uold choose at ht omment of going otu as hte clos of clsasse .
Michael decided to open t door an abkc ro h , he thoug ebtetr teh thin he do on want to elvae hre gaai , he like her , he knows hismel dn he awnst to nko h , he ahev kept all his feelings f a long time .
hwich aw the reaso ?
T erason is the ntx , three days aog , he was working when a girl of his job saked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on oyu know my ex - girlfriend thne she onyl walked withuot tel onthing .
it was strange for Michael .
He remembered , two years og when he had been wokrign a he decided to back home early hwil he hda bee backing to home he saw hsi girlfriend with other gyu tehy were hugign .
he arrived ht home a he only thuohgt and thougth al nith it w th sceodn time tah she has eben unfaihtful since then he is alon .
Today in the moringn he haev not ogn to work adn he aw satiyng in a pub to drink bere , then a glr went to h , he knew her , s is Abigali .
This girl is an acquantanec him .
htye were talkign about their lievs and he remembered li he knew her on the bus , myab hs have always een th wona of ihs live he looked at eyes and smi he awtns to a ehr wehthe now is not late to starat to kwo her but he decidde levae the bu he walked to ixt .
ifanlly Michael closed t door and knew at the moment he had mdae a msitake .
I had a trerilbe experience in ihs Chinese Nwe Year!Beacus Norvoiru ifnetced me!At ifsrt , I had a high fever btu I thougth if I taek som medicine I wi be fni .
Therefore , my condition took a shrap tru for ht owsre .
I ac not eat anything even in enw Yaer 's Eve dn I w so terd htat I ac not plya opekr with my cousins .
Though veerythings were depressin , I still have a wonedrful winre vacatoi iwth my family : we went to Formosna Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited ti blooming chrry blosso.(I do n't kno st variety~Is it from Jpaan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiufl tu thre are so myn people .
When we ewn to usn Moo alke by calbe car , wind is so stnog!I ftl a little nervous thuohg teh scenery amazing .
Al in lal , I stil hav a memorable vacation .
Hi ulk ,
I tired that new rpogramem in eh interne for English leraners called Write and Imprvoe frmo Cmabridge neglsih .
I liekd th way ht apge tell you yoru prorgess and marks your mistkaes so you oclud fix them .
I hop to see oy soo .
ojrge .
We ra approving an inecntiev maount of Rs .
1000 ep month fo K umrl a Rs .
1500 per monht of K Sivakumar for working as an cating Territor In - chgre .
We will reveiw tehi performance in a perido of 6 months and accordingly will decdie on any uwprad / downward rveisio in their salary .
Company also reserves it 's giht to idscontiune the incentive amount if theri performance is not found as per th job description .
My living room is the ebst room in my ohus because it is big , comfortable adn beuatiful .
There ar some amges for my family on th lal .
There is a coffee table mdae of ood with a clear glass .
Also on t sofa there are many colofru ipllows
There is a obokcase entx to eh rocking chair and hwen I hev a fere itme I sittgn on it and reading a book .
Three are three sofas aorund a coffee table and it is so comofrtable .
hwen I wa utdying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
In daditoin , there is a msall blackboard for my lttel rbohter because my mother want my prother lear Aarbic an Englis letters .
There is a msall gr crapet under the cfofee table an it protects the htings orm brekaage .
of tsi resano I spend most of my time tree
On teh tohe hand , hte economic situation plya an miporatnt role .
It is very common htat the bad econmoy of some coutnreis force their people to emigrate to another country .
When thsi phenomenon cocu most of ht migran need to learn the en language to apat to the en environment .
As a cnosequence , thye forgot tehri first language .
Another imrotant point is the necessity of approavl by som som idngienous gorups or peop thta emigrate fro eh countryside to teh city in order to ge a ebtter ilefstyle .
It is ont a sruprise tha tih sutation is something mor frequent evre day .
We aer facin a crucial moment due to teh extinctino of most of the indigenous languages .
upblci tarsnport wil be worse in the future th travelling by ra becasue it is uncomfortable and slowly .
In Spain man people will trvale in their ra or by c wi their colleague or friends , this tranpsor is quick , b it is mcu more expensive .
If oyu tarvel wiht other people it is ht sem expens than public transport .
In my poiinon sraing a acr we will arrive at rok on tiem and wh we will finish work we cna go directly hmoe .
I think upblic transport is n't the futrue because many people today live outsied the big cities in eh subrub .
The apartments in the icteis ra muhc more xepensive and the people prefre to travel in tehri acr .
I thni theer is no future of public trnasoprt , because travellnig by ca is so muhc moer convenien .
But it 's better to rtavel by car pooling .
Pepoel woh need to go in the mae directoi , meet cah other and use only one acr .
Thsi is conveneint ro the cso of travelling , because veer co is divid for th participants and is an expereince to eet oteh people .
Hi Jo ,
My conutyr very interesting plaec , we hvae more anicen and mistyc palce .
uo can travelling to Samaaknd , Bukhaar , ihva dn another historical citys .
Ou national foo are very deliicous .
I thnik , uo could nt owkr in my country , becaes ti illegal for forieenrs .
Dear Nkc
Thnaks f you letter .
I wsa vyr glad to read baotu your news .
You tol me abotu yoru usual weekends nad asked me to tell you abuot my weekends .
At the weekend I suualyl go to the tiy centre with my frineds too .
We meet naer fast ofdo an after th we decide whe to go .
In the ecntre ciyt we can go to other shopping ectner suc as : " Pasasge",Europe","Scorpion".Last ewekends we visited apssag .
In tsi shopping cneter I bought ne blue skrit .
Aft taht we went ru favoret ar - cafe .
We liek it beacuse cafe sa beautiful design and tasty food .fater thta we went to lak on embankment .
It is la oru plan .
Hope to hear from oyu soon !
Al the best .
Liza
First of a , thank oy professor to tehc in eh meantime , ht enitre cours of the lran real benefited , epsecially in the fris meeitng , ofr British English , I still did not aelly understa , it makes me frustrated , but gradually atfe I ofun eh beuatfiul of the lagnuage in British Englis , I thnik it 's all because of the uusal problem of Amreican English , nad so I really parpeciate that you choose smipl textbooks and it 's easy to leran , a yuo really very caerfully a ver humroou , you 're always crafeul in cruriuclum prounncaition correciton ro cah stduent , using a avrieyt of reading skills lte us immers them erda .
I olv to lisetn to British English , btu it 's aelly rad to study , all because we ar all learning American English in Tiaawn , so wehn I ahv the opportunity to contatc British Egnlsih , it 's full of tone caden , awlay fee particularly charming , and rbitish clutrue exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounsd ilk there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
Adn the srtengtsh adn weaknesses in both of semgental and suprasegmetna , I htnik it 's mabye the learnnig habit , hwen I heard a sentenecs , I wolud use many varieties of tone and mann to say t setnences agani , hterefore , I ac easily be interpreted illustrations insrtucitons eh emotions and feeilngs .
nol possibel in esgmental pronunciaiton , t coacsional missed a efw ontes , such as -d , I d not noticde this becasue when I delbierately stressed -d , I found the tone a mood omre likely to bceome vre weird , htis is eh ibggest problem I 've encuontered in prnounciatio teaching .
I 'm not teachnig Engilsh in my new school , but in hte futrue if there is ht chance I will definitely give it a try , especially in hte currciulum learned some teaching tips , th biggest gain thsi course is to erda picture books to read and record , ebacuse that adn English proifciency is not just training , but will no taht strengthen their pronunciatoin and intonatino , an then ehc itme peer feedbcak asl comlpteed th listenin exercises .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I iwll yr this sikl to gte my students to do the recordings heard trainign , then make thie Enilsh bettre adn better .
My village is in hte nor of the region of the Extremadura .
Th population of my villag is baou sixteen uhndrde pepole .
It is situated on the inalnd .
The firts sotp ofr most visitors is teh chcrh because the neighbors elan and cerd .
The town hall tu in hte streets conatiners ofr trash an the workers of tomw ahll clna hte streest .
Beisdes ihs , everybody cleans hteir doors to keep it tidies up .
Wta 's more , a epopl oec a eya , lpnat trees in a vlilgae ofr it is mro beauitflu .
To ebgin with , nowdaays mer and more people prefer trevlelnig by car rahter ahn by bus or train .
Certainly , it is more comfortbael to travel by your own transport with oyru family or your friends . You ca otp and have a rset wherever y want .
Y can cahnge your plans and choos another driection .
ro idfferentiate between old copmuters adn computers toda , would first have to dsecribe ehc tyep of machine .
I satrt descirbing old computers whic we s in the vedo weer few silpe machnies ( at ht time they ewer created ) na covering an enromuos roo .
On top of that tehs machines oln worked when it is wrote an rodre to t computer .
These ree xeperiential mdoels .
Viusally colors ranging on the srcee were t blcak a green .
Crurently in the 2s1t century , computesr have had a very logn technology advance hwihc arnge from the osfwtare dn hte size itnenral memory ( bigger tna th odl compures ) , hte siez of the computer ( wihhc is vaire ubt moer smaller hta hte preoiusly compuetsr ) nad tis sahep , th weig of it ( they ar more lightweight ) an avriation in teh colors of the srcene ( visually ) .
Finalize can tell that iwt teh psasage of itm people we hcaneg th aw we see ht wrol , comes into paly evoltuion , nto olny of techonlogy but also of society , religio , ect .
essential in the lfie of people , btu so will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is bettre to continue as they rae .
Somteimes afmuos epopel wa to be alon without a journailst .
In my opniion , styain olne means taht yuo have something to tihn abuo , of example to think about ou deeds .
Journalis follwo you an ehy do n't give yuo to live such as normal puipl .
To tle you the rtuht , I like ebing lanoe rey fotne .
To be on my own and watch the other pepol live .
I alawys wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close epopel .
In hte dn , I wnat to lel you that we are no rboot , everoyn dserevs that they wna .
My opinion it 's oppsoiet of tme of this ocmpsoition .
I di n't have a car .
Every ad I used to tkaign upblci transport .
I lev in a city , and f many peolpe live lkie me , teh mts ocnvenient transport is ht pubilc transoprt .
With a car in th city , we have osme problems .
tree is a heavy traffic , a the difficutly in finding a parking lpace .
Ever d , the populatoin psends a ol of itm in hte rtaffi congestion .
It 's a very ogod method to travel in hte cyt .
A car porblme is eh expensive prci of t fuel .
I like public tranpsort a I love my plnate . I think th bes method for deuce t ploucion .
It 's uesd to pulbic transport .
ubt it 's only my preosnal poiinon .
Yuo addrss :
Date : 17 Janaury 2015
eda xx .
Tady I will talk about my smumer cmap bo , peploe of lal ages ened to owkr in summer cpm bo , my name is partikc i am 13 years .
I love to owr in ht usmmer camp jbo to make teh xeercies every shpo in su should amk eh summre acm job , I am the rigth pesro to work because I 'm very eexrcise na I ' loev to wor in the iktcehn , because i am the right cihfe in the smumre map jo .
I am reall vrey proud to owr with you , yo will s my wonderful launch na desstr . Thnx go to give me th job .
A representative to make an nivestiagtion so that otnw taeks car of the environmetn .
One thousand peop by eighteen and mroe aer questions in my town abotu their wa tak
cer of the environemtn .
Investigtaion reveals the youngsters are mo than veer power to
svae th world form waset and pollutio .
In this case , a representatev ptu all times ht published in hte train , the ubs nad the school
nanonced the wya atke abuo th town .
In adidtion ievstigation can bring witih company in
otw showing hte will power changing of t hab .
There are a service rperesentative whose occupied teh rubbish shaer planning of d .
Accoridgn t inqeuts , a representative works iwth company of the reycclage .
htree er services hwihc c to clean a ipck up t rubbsih every day .
I 'm going to wrtie about my apatrmen .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah idstrcit .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed tsreet .
It 's in the escon floor .
It h three bedrooms , nad it has two ilvnig ro .
Aos , It h a spacious ktichne .
However , it ahs a nice dn three abthrooms .
My aprtment is very beautiflu .
It is modern and spacious .
It 's near ht mosque .
Asl , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa sopital .
About 05 meter to AL - Slama Mall .
It has some disadavtnages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
Aslo , the srteet wehr it has a lot of traffic .
After that , it hans't a direvr room .
Fnially , My apartment is very beautiful , a it h a ol advantages omre than its disadvatages .
It has a grea location .
An Unforgettable Lesson
htere aer various kidns of different thin that happende in peoele 's life , some may be onrmal na nothings specia , whiel others am be meaningful dn unforgettable th oy will remebrre it for a olng time .
Have you ever ahev this experience ?
Wne I am in elemenatry scho , I joined a spekanig contse , but I failde , nad I had broken - hearted .
Beces I seldom practiced it .
ubt soon I made up my midn , thinking tta I ca n't be so decednt forever I watn some change , hoping I will be bteetr in hte next yaer .
So I parctice it day and night .
No matet it is snu or ian , iwdn or awrm . Adn also asked teacher for help .
Eventually , I og numb thee in the comtest .
Thruohg this itm , I learn that win nad lose is nto the mts signiifacnt thin .
The oms imporattn is htta you can learn a valeuaeb lessno from fairue .
Practice can make prefect .
na neevr give up .
Resovl/ dertermine / insistence
My country wintessed a tremneduos change in the last ne year .
10 years ago , I aws a child , and I can seldom eat maet in idnne .
Btu wo , I feel uncomfortable without food eevryday .
Poeple 's health
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as aelthy as for xeampl twenty years gao .
en reasno for the chaneg amy be due to the sytel of li tta people have .
Currentyl we do usually le eexrcsie htan befor becuaes we use uor car to go anywhere .
Whreeas our style of food has changed very much .
We do n't eat at home a it 's evry ocmmon eating junk food erey week .
On hte other ahn , children ar sued to eta onyl what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fsi ...
ehy like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sewet adn wh 's omr they do n't do any xeercise .
All thsee reasons could be very ba for their health in t futre .
So it 's very important to give hte a haelthy eduactino .
To su up , it is very important to be consicous about hwo food fafec ou health .
Taht 's teh reason fro we hvae to do mo exerices , eta elss ta and more vegetbales and taech our childer to eat beetr and healthier than they ra sue to do .
My opinion ofselfemployment
I neevr ever wnatde to be eslfemployed .
My add and my grandafhter da run thier own business ro more than 20 yeasr .
My mother always told me that my add had nvee time for her dn my siblings .
hwen I was bor my dda decided to quit his company to egt more time fro his afmily .
Nowadays , the ca onwers ahv been increasing in myn countries , especiall in developed conutries , due to th convenience of travelling by acr .
Thus , som people claim thta the social trned tends to decline t popularity of travleilng by pbuilc transport .
As a result , this development is hilhy cnotroversial in positive dn negative wa .
Tdoay persoanl vheilce become rpdie of teh life , eman if a person is on htere personal vehciel tehy are loko as higher status in the society .
so it become a fashion of usgn personal vehicle wihc create a lot of porblem b one rtaffic problem .....
now trfafic proelm is eh biggest problem . on sloution to this sue of pubil transport syste as cuh as possible .
but now usni public transport is looekd as perso of low status , so hter is no fuutre ofr public transopr .
to tcakel thi problem we vae to deliberately thikn bauot it .
than you very much
ru fie is keep ahnging everdyay and we notice thta huge argne of the chnaging in eahc decades .
The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing nanualyl .
We ca admit htta oru fie iwll be quiet different form on to the ffiyt years later .
Changign is a natural habitta that maek the ilf moer enjoyael to us .
It 's bringing t happiness to and teh beauty to us .
Fro example , we acn know t pye of a car model by hte cahngse that er made on it whcih it makes you idioti the small ne edatils in evre model .
Even th ikn of ohuse pnating acn be changed by the tem .
Now it is mor colorful a designed in idffreent ways Tna it was at the sat ti .
We cna n tso chagnnig but we na gued it to t a special benefit hwihc it makes the life easier nad more comfroatble .
Uisng the changing metoh would miprove the deuctaion syetm in many aspetcs especially for epople iwt obstruction .
It is bnig eh hope to hteir liv dn makes them attse teh life in way tta th ahd dreame baout it .
In conclusion , ht changing of ru life ca help us to explore different benefits ofr the hcanging every edcade .
It esrvic teh eductaion and enteratinment asepcts in our life .
My town is very , vre ibg wi a to of people .
More than 12 million people lvi in our town .
I ca n't say my town is eh best alce in the world .
The ecoolgcial problesm are very important ofr the la years .
Frist of all - th ri .
An enormous quanttiy of cars an the traffic jams porvokse a pollution of air and msog .
Teh uabn autohritise acn not change the situaiton cardinally .
ubt there is an active contsruction of new roads , road junctions na an imrpovnig of roads .
We do n't separa ou rubbish .
Al rubbish is tekn away without spearatino .
But people are interseted in it a htis yra I saw announcements about days of receivgn of separate rbubish .
Ou alwn also are the probelm .
Several years ago we ha wonderful law wht a l of coal paltns and grass .
But teh last time the srteet - cleanesr mow all the young rgas .
Now our alwn aer dirty an without rgas .
But I hpoe ou two will be ebtter iwth our help .
I neojy watching Tennis in my couch , is wier th I haven't play Tennis ebcasue hwere I live we do n't hev taht iknd of sport , so I just cna watch in my TV .
Bu I ohpe one day go to a tournametn , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spni .
Since eh first tem I watchde hi pl , eight yeasr ag aw hte same yae htat I started watc Tennis .
I like oh th players omved throguh the court an wo the audience applaused them every time thye ow a pion , altohuhg I 'm ont in the coutr I coul fe the feeling of the game , it 's erall awesmoe .
Once in ahwiel I enjoyed watch etnni when there aw a comepittion or oturnamnet , besides I watched na ejnoyed it , also coul learn wo real the game wsa , which were it lues or wha happened when they eylled at the jupmrie f a no - reason , all these details oy colud learn a wti fo a cmoin day to put them in practice or help to th lpaeyrs , is en of eh things tha I awtn to make rae .
My adivc owuld be tta I you wna to play nenis sut go aehda play it , ont expect itl others do it , because you na do that oo .
At the beginning it could be a lttle harsh , but is th asm wit amyn others sport wehn hte start , so sut ke in mi that yuo can play Tennis iwth the mos atlented players from eh world voerall .
Trvaelling by car is much mroe convenient .
In fact , I gare .
tbu , aht aobu hsarin a ride ?
Ridgn a hors is na old faschion wa btu tsill niteresitng .
Púbilco transpotratino is xecellent , you sabe money , tal care of hte environment and amke friemds .
woadays , Esaetr is associated more wi the spring 's rarival than religiuo rituals .
Poeple are more likely to take crae of the garedning or sohppign tha partiicpate in eh celebratino of Good Frida which makes hte autohr connect Easter with a paagn spring festival .
Flamengo is the best team of oi de Janeiro .
Flmaeng was champion on 009.In 2009 Flmaengo ah a gerta eta tih good players , but now it fig to finish th competition amon ht firts 4 teams of championsihp .
My mouth is dry and hvae an awful metal taste , head aches , still silghlty spniinng an there is a etrribel ringing in my ears .
All of these ma me fe nauoeus .
It must hva een the aftereffect of hwatever that clowsn in amsks have oden to me . I watn to shut donw all the nioses around , especially thos whisper shuost cmoing from behind .
My best firend .
My best friend had alawys been like a sist to me .
Our mu ahd be to hihg csholo togetehr , although tye 'd neevr talekd a l .
The ifrst time I met eh , she insluted me , but I ujts did n't apy attnetoin in what she da tlod me .
It was in scool , when we wer three years ol onl !
Even hta , we sattr to talk more and more , until we were wah we ar nowadays .
She alwya hepl me in hwatveer I ende , an sh 's amazing .
She 's alawys happ and laughing , and enver gets agnry hwe I ge nervous !
She 's incredible , is lek the isster I 'd envre ah .
In the other hadn , seh h never been a tlaktiev igr , so it 's usually me oh is alwsy tlaking a lot .
veen so , onw she star to talk more tfen , adn when we sattred hig scohol we met lots of we firends !
In ht future , I 'd lkie to continue being wiht her , nad atlikng and havnig nu as we do togeehr on .
I wuold n't imagine a lef withuot her , she 's the set preso I evre mte .
My two wsa olacted along teh imddle caost of Viet anm .
It is a really beuatiful plac and has a to of scenery , shc as the great beach besides a or rtee , the obviously regularly waether ... Therefore taknig care of the environment there is a vitally imoprtant mission of my town 's state .
When having an aalr about the pollutoin watre , land ... by town 's icvil , authorities must reposibile of thsi casue .
They tfen notify al t town 's civil that spednnig a free da on clearin all rubbish on th beach dn on t rodas of town .
Tne , th wlil agther all rubbish to one palec and burn or bru tme .
Finlaly , satte usaully necouarge on the daio , television etc .
It emans th toursit and ht poepel of tonw must have a crucia duty to prtoect the beach , teh roads e .
On weekedns , I usaully wear clothes edpending on the wtaher .
If it is oo cold outisde , I put a jacket on , ub if it is ot oh I ewa shorts , sadnals , a light weihgt vts and sunglsasse .
Somteimes , when I ogt to dress well , I wear rdessy tsuff , such as sikrt , dresses , high ehels nad a so of clsasy haisrytle .
When I sta at home , I can wear pyjamas al day long ( ofr xeampel whne I 'm sic ) Aslo , hter aer days wne I want to go to eh beach wiht my family , adn so I put my bkiini and a summer drses on .
Rigth no , I am wearing jeans , black falts , a gray shir a a purple and ruquoise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to receive yuor message .
In your msesage , oyu said thta y need to fin a famous people in my country and ene some suggestions from me .
I hope that I acn give you osem help ro your porjec .
I would like to ceommend that a famous peopel who name Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is hte fomus doctro in my country .
He constructed teh hospital ysstme in my countyr .
Best regard , na lo forward to your relpy .
Bob
In modern lif , we rley on traffic to work or trvae to everywhere .
It is conveninet to travel by privat cars .The price of private cras wihch erey one can fafor it , so htat everyone hsa the rpiavte ac nowadays .Som people opitn otu prviate cars rae goin to replace the pbuilc transpotr .
I uold n't agree with th point of view ofr sem resaon bolw .
Firstly , t growing number of prvitae cars cause hte big problem with traffic jam .People spned extra mie on normal trvael because of traffic j .
Th watsse epolpe 's time and make ppole feel exhausted .
to emntino to s , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travleling in holidays .
Secondly , private acsr are the amin resaon for the ia pollution . We should ocnsider the protetcion of environmen for human ufture , not onl ca about eh conveneicne we na see for nwo .
In the other ahn , pbulic transport systme na reduce the amoun of pirvate cars in teh busy arae , ilk bus nad tram .
People can travel throuhg t city easily and safely .
For instanc Melbourn , the secondary cti in Austarlia where are tarms vai through t whloe city area .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the cit .
Teh lts poni is poelpe go for long journey by pbuli tranpsort .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and feifcient business trip to peolp without aery long drive .
For htese resaons , it is unlkiyl tehre is no uftuer fro public transport .
On the conrtayr , We need roe public traffice to improve our traffi yssetm an find the betetr ya to mainian ht environment .
Alsion read hte noet na it sa 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It aws 11 pm nad her byofriend was n't in hteir hous , she started getting confused dn temerousl .
After waiting for 20 mniutse , she decided to call eh police ; thye said " awit of the morning , ambye he went somhwere , now we ca n't help you " .
tfer th answe , she w n't satisfied so seh decide to satrt callin all the hopsitlas of ht area .
it was 4 am and she had nnoe asnwer .
laison flet desseaprate , hs notice thta hre husban 's ra ewre in her huose , so he wsa walking or somenoe pci up to mi , she teks the hpoen and she call all him gruo of friends , nobody n anythni and now they were scaried .
hse was terrified , she statrs thnikin aobut the possibility of the death .
She ogt niot her ac and loko for he uhsabnd f all their msall city , Pentonville , after half an hour she swa hmi lseepin in a square .
George ahd olst her mmeory , dn he could n't went bcak .
Nwoadays , th are living a happy lfie and everyday Aliso ah to mek ihm remebmer thri lfie .
No future for public transoprt , it is one of prbolem if tta fact .
now yas , there rae many type of transopr in hte owrl , bus taxi , train btu train more cofnorm then sle , I always usde bus in city .
if you to travel from city to cti , pulbci transport is cheaper than othre .
my favorit spotr is playing footboll .
I thi that htis psor is veyr happy .
las , you uold leanr to be more frnedly .
In my opinión , if uo want to start to do htis sptr you oculd write a etam . moreove , I think that it is good becuas you codl help to lsoe iwght .
The statement " plbic transport is our future " has bene an interestnig poliitcal discuss during years .
On one hand the upblic transport is gdo because it does n't pollute so much adn oyu can mvu aroun all teh ctiy .
Young people sue it a to .
We do n't su so much petorll lkie if we each of the passenger to use it own private trnasport .
In fca you ca n't use it if y have to carry a lo of things or when you have hurry .
In conclusio the pulbic transport is evr good adn if it edsapear it wlil be a ib porblem , is rgith that sem times y nede a priva transport but apart from that eh pbuilc tarnsoprt is evr sue by people of all agse .
Transportation is evry improtatn in ctiies , villages as well as in sbu - lines .
amny pepol has no vehicles , thye lny depends on pulbic transpotr ude to osme reasons .
nay aw in smo csase , cra is vyr uesful to reahc the destination very fast .
Public transprot provide lal teh inforamtino about routes of the awy which we are folol adn give a ide to th passnegers about the place .
Some times it mya be veyr expensive eu their taxes
I 'm a comitted , rseponsalbe , na an organiezd psron .
I ilk new challenges to be better wht mysel .
I tnik that i hav eh enou expeirence for hte bo .
My ksill and accomplishments sepak for me , becaues i 'm uqailfied for htis job , i have th requiremenst tta are requetsed tha palpy to work here .
If you choose me , i coimtte wi msyefl to comply iwt all woikng in a time amnne beacuse this is ho i chaarcteriezd .
ht most important for me is hav moer owkr experience adn srupass my achievements that i set long ago .
I awai yuor repsonse , Thna You .
First I would lek to intoduce ymeslf , my nmae is Joaqín ugtiérrez and I tell oy hwy my afovurite soprt is football hwihc is a sport hta I have practiced since I was sxi years old .
I like ve mu this sport because it muts be plya with a rgupo of people and is funnier than ohters sptrs ihch you lpya alen iwt other opponent , like teins .
I have conefssed aht in hte first time I di n't lkie it vrey much becasue I was a bit shy oby and I cost a lot of effort to integrate iwt the other player of th etam ub tih t psasage of the tmie I liekd mroe adn moer .
Atculaly I play in the first divission of t club River Palte rfo Argentina .
I would kie to avdiec for ht children who igv yours frist steps in this sport tha is which perseveracne and effotr you acn achie gaet treasures .
In t psat , I di some exercises .
I hvae swum in the swimmign pool and laso I ahve cycel in my ibcylce .
I hva run upstairs so amny items .
Tehy 're healthy actiivties .
I went als , to the muontains with my family .
I et a lot of fruit last yaer .
I olve the apples !
I alawys net to my school on foot .
tu in summe I went by c .
Last yera I gaev some dolls of my sister to a charity .
I visited some frineds of my parents and I woret smoe letters to a friend .
N , this eya , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to teh beach an swim in the s .
I 'll eat btetre , I'll walk more , I'll awl more , do ogo thinsg and speka omer with my friends
Do y hear about Ilsam
What a uor sorucse media or waht ?
Cna you ks yourself why we are he on earth to entertain or of what ?
Be honts tih oyusrelf
At first I would like to tell yo thta I do not agre wtih tihs statmeent . I coudl even tell that htis opinion is opposite of teh presnet and fuutre situation .
As f me , even if travelling by ac is so much more conveninet , most pepoel wil always travel by a train , railway , ub na other types of publ rtansport .
In my opinoin epopl wll travel by pulbic transport more freqnuley , ebacuse this type of tnasport is less epxensiev , mor rtustworthy and vee mroe ecological tahn travelling by car .
In the toher hand , we can say that it is real uncomfortable to travel by public transport , ubt even thsi we acn imporv in futrue .
We can discover new awys of travellin , take omre care of oru publci tarnpsort and modernise them , so people owudl be omtivate to travel by .
My trust in futuric tcehnloogy is so enormous tah I hpoe there are gonig to be a new ceologcial adn cheaper ways to travellnig aronud ou world .
If this iwll happen , people are giong to be mor oscila na empatic , no eve ro peoples eomtion , b asl for our environment and they will treasure it .
To begni with , there ra two yas of ctutign dow on polultio . hwihc ldas to glboal warming , that beacem a real threat of oru life dya by ady .
Firstl , start to su renewable energy .
to illustrate , when we use hte renewable engry we reduce emissions so , ru nautrla resourcse wi be conserved for our futre furthermore nos future .
for expmle , suin wnid Energy or oslar Energy for electricit generation we will be used ses fuel what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we shlud imrpvoe ou regulations that rules impes people olwreing suing tihgns make a l of poultion illustrate , usnig bi vehicles or about buiidng big facilities such as big factorise .
As a result , ways to uc down on pollutio . fo instance , wh one person uses a car for 6 people and ma people do the mae that amek a to of polultion ofr that we ende to improve uor regulations to make people use small cras for cuttin down on pollutno ro a better future .
lal in ll , using renewalbe neegry adn imprvo our regulation is ow awsy to cutting odw pollution of a better futrue .
Another thing we acn do to a bette future is avoiding war .
Beacus , war setroys mnaknid and cuontrise .
Man wars statr because , epople do n't know or respect the other beliefs ve well thus , we nede to elar about belief oehr oeple we are live wht ehm .
for example , th fight between Muslim and Hindus in Indai or in Lebanese cvili war .
escnodly , do more cooperation ebwteen countries .
To illustrta , peopel shuodl cpoeration To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the ra in many areas lkie hwat nuietd antoins doing .
For examlpe , Untied Nations sa atkne ht dcesiion to ban mandatory weapons against South fariac becuase of raical persecution ploicy . in brei , knowing each other adn do more cooperation bewteen ocuntreis it is to wyas to avoid wa f a better future .
for htat we need to imrpov our reglutaions to make people us smll ca for cutting dow on pollutio fro a better futru .
la in all , using renewable eenrg and improve our regulation is t ways to uctting down pollution for a betre future .
My omst terrifying ad aws January 23rd , last year .
It aws a nroaml Trusday .
I aws at school : whiel I 'm listennig to the English lesson I flet a strong headache .
Atfre ten imuntes I asekd teh aecher of called my parents for rteurned home .
At home , my dad nad I ahd lunch , but my heacahe did n't finhs .
At 2 p.m. my mu decided to go to the hosiptal because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
On the hospita the doctor did me a drpi an fate some hours I flet bette .
I do n't ever forget that ya !
currnetly a very signifiacnt problem for its scoail dn economic impact is ht chaoit pbulic trnasprot in Lima .
To oslve th problem Li h been mkaing long term startegies .
ilam is en of the cities with ses raod culture in eh world .
we do no respect traffic lues to drvi only with hte intentno to go fsat as posbile to uor destinatoin , this often causes traffict accidente dn cognetsion .
For this erason pepoel is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learinng and etacihng vial culture to new generations .
Besides public nistitcuions aer pormotin tih and also rpivat companies mkae advertiisn ofr aweerness .
Lima is maon the ot t cities have the messiest public transport in the world .
Thsi is d to ilm in the beginnnig has not hda a pa to desing tis public roa s and highways , dn it only ahs be improvising to build tehri way wtihotu na criteria to trasnprot tis population .
Crurently ihs isuse is so impotrant tha governments are investign and owkring to crtae soltuions such a mteropolitan .
I think we have really becmoe aware of the chaos of bulic transport and we have beugn to design dn miplmeent strategie thta in 20 years our relaity imprvoe our raelity
In my opinino I believe th public transport wil have future , because hti tranpsotr is very necessary ofr t peopl .
In all cities of the world , ht epolpe will need teh public tranpsort to move arodn eh ctiy .
The ppole think that the pubilc rtanpsort is only eh bus , ubt the public transport is ht bus , the taxis , train and usbway .
Mabye traevlling by car is so mhc mer covnenient , ubt there er a lo of cra nad this ca procue a lot of smko and the nature is ydign , if we do nothnig , the natuer will dsiapepar .
I would like eh people to kae hte public transpotr for trvaelilng , so we will be bale secue the ocutnryside .
I usually atk ht public trnasport of going to teh Unievrsity , bceasue the public trasnport is cheepr thna the ca .
I used my car veeyr day howeve efw a fe I started to take public trnaspotr for I na to save up moeny
Wiht respect to the international dispuet over t Diaoytuia Islands , eh Republic of Chian suold cnosistently exrpes willingness to ersolve the sisue on a peaceful mannre in line iwth the rpinciple of the UN Cha a niternational l .
To this edn , it has proposed the aest China Sea Pcae Initaitiv in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the spes outlined below :
( 1 ) exercise restrain na rerfain from taking yn antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve cnotroversies and set up idalogue .
( 3 ) observe international al dn reslove disputes htroguh peaceufl emasn .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in th Eats China Sea .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedyl exploring dn deevlpoing resoruces in the Ets Chan esa .
Oen day , a little Egyptian oby aed a bko abotu Umrah .
He read abuo irets of piglriamge a Kabaa .
After he finished the book , he watned to go to the Kaba a do rites of pilgriamge .
He closed ihs eey .
He iamgined he cuold fly lkie adgaon .
Lcukliy , he remeebred he had the dragon csotume an he wore it .
As he pmuped down hte satir , wings flapping rcoss Ciaor .
He flied to Saudi Arabia .
Evenutlaly he saw teh baaa .
As he got closer , he asw lao of people around t Kabaa .
They drnak Zamzam water and wer Umrah cltohes .
They w iong rites of pilgrimage .
en ther , a man raide ih hands and called to ht God .
It 's aamzign .
He ahd nevr seen naything so afntastic , but all too oson , it wsa time to leave .
He jumped and lfappde and wavde goobdye .
It had been uf da uot ub unfortunately he hda to be home in teh tim fro bde .
After he had arrvied to home , he fell alseep dn he statred to thikn of ihs next adventure ..........
his enw book wsa all about Paris .
My neibhourhood is a very pleasan raae , it is big enough na it is so green .
The oppulations estimate aorun ten thousan person .
My negihbourhood surround by the large esquecnes of mountains hwich the have scenrey ive .
We go a lagr shopping centre with some local shop , you can otbain plenty of thing htat you wtn frmo it .
eh en of the most amzaing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari whcih is mo enojyable thing , at teh someitme , it is introducing yuo to a wildlife without neesd to go o from your ict .
All amentieis htta is necessary fo your diayl life such as fantasti school with perfect teachers nad modern building is found .
Transprotaiton does nto make a mtate ebcasue it sa gto many bus alne an bsu stations .
It is not qeit an it is acti ci in a diffeernt ways .
If oy ilke cative icyt with enmrous activity , I gues it is excellent place .
My favuorit sport is abdminton and I always ge up early to lpa it every day . I like it becasue it is eh ebst way to loss weight and get your heatlh better tna medicine .
I think someone should get eexricse by satrtin pal som favourite sport inseta of watcihn TV or playing agem .
Th prupos of htsi porpossal is to provide edtails abouts shopipn facilities in my ohmetown , Vung T , dn igve moe recommendations ro oturists .
+ Local hsosp :
Tehy had a lgn tradition adting cak to the 18 ecntury whne Vuntgau was a a small commercial ptr .
Not lny are they wel - knwo for ist long tradition ub it also famous for th hospitality of nihabitants living here which attract domestics nad foreign tourists ocm here to see th famous sights as ewll as shpopin ofr souvenirs .
Thye are closely locat th lacl art glalery whic tka about 15 minutes to go by foot .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items su as pictures , jewellrise to locla spceialitise wht a reasonble price to suit different niterests of epople .
Yo ac buy them as a small present to oyur family meebrs or fridns .
I assur that hihg - quality and vaoius prodcust thre sohuld be astisynig oyur neesd .
+ Shopping mall
It is conveneintly situated in hte otw centre whihc takse 5 mniute to walk in a cro flies .
A l of products ushc as consemr elecrtonics , foods , suovenirs are sold here .
Comparde with local ohps , products ' pirce in shonig amll is considerably higher tahn tta in local sohps b it offers omer varieties of products .
I highly recommend local shops to uor tuorists for tis cheap price dn the hospitable manners of residents here .
edra Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
godo omnring firstonce .
Now I 'll tnroduce myself .
My name is Yufu Hami I am 17 yea old nad I vist the state seconadr cshool in Shcßilt ,
ot e mer rpecise , I am in the graduatni class .
I cmo fro Hallstadt , in cloes vciinity of maberg .
I have 1 older sister dn 1 yuonger brother .
My hobbies are emte Friends an hangout with them or pal bastkebal in my spare time .
I 'm easily excite nad enrvuos becuase tsi oral examination wll determin wether i can do my A -level on th college of further education in Babmer what i really want .
My favourite spor is pla socce .
It 's plyade by eleven palyesr wh yr to score a goal during nineyt minutes .
Three is a garss flro , but it 's aos plaey on artificial grass .
I really enjoy plyaign it because it 's ver ecxitnig because everything colud hppens .
I usually palying it with my partners and my friesd whci do teh ga eve omer fun .
I hardly recommedn wheover to paly soccre , becuase i 'm su that tehy 're going to ejnoy it very much .
It 's al a flul srot because people will imrpvoe their health condition .
Fris I want to sa is taht poeple es the c lki luxury objet , ont as tarnsport macnie .
People spdn their frist salary to yu a car .
So , normall the use of the car is ro pleasure .
Peopll do n't use the fvie seats of hte acr to go to travel .
From the point of ivwe of the invaironment this is a bad id bceaus spend a ol of gas by preson .
Th ictie a crowded a tehre rae a l of pollutio with nosies adn msoke .
A new problem is biegn in the small cities , becaus tye are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
I thikn that eh amin prbolem of the pbilic tarnsprot is the infrasurcture btewene villages a small ctiies , because they only exit between eh great cities .
Some countries vae a ogdo ne of intrastrtuure and ppole us tehn maniyl , becuaes t uplbic transoprt is cheapre than th ca dn omr qiuckl .
It is a prolbme of mentlaity , if we hda bo in a society hta used the public pranspor I thought taht is the ebtter and we woul use tehn normally .
In my o town , people do n't use public transport , some mohts og eh council gave a public sercice bike nad trhee motnhs later tehy ha to colse it .
It is a pity .
Ho ac you celberate en year in oyur cnutry ?
My na is Afsnaeh , I'm rfom IRNa , I cem to Lodnno 4 months ago and I want to atlk about Irainan celebration of new year .
we haev 3 speail days during the celebration of our en year .
They ar caleld below :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Noruoz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soori :
It maening Tuesday night of week a tkae palc on als Tuesday night of eh year .at this giht people kae a bnoifre a jmu over ht frise and as to fire : I give you my sign of sikcnes(yellwo color)dn oy igv me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some psecial ofosd .
Norozu :
It meainng new dya of the new yaer adn kaes place on 21 Mrahc ( firs day of spring ) thsi day very important for us becaes we cleaning ru huoes , buying we clothes just fo ne year .ht major things in Norouz day is haf sin table and icnlude the esven items which tsrat wit lette " s " .
we gaehring aroudn the talbe on thsi da adn awtiing for the spring on last mmoenst of the yea .
When ht nwe eyar strat we hu nad kiss together , sihing hayp new year a rpesents will exchnage .
In druign the holiday people going to ese thier maily , friends adn relitves in type of shotr itme visit .
Sizdehbdear :
It mnas Thriteenth day of spring , on this da people going cinic an spne the ady ou of thie hmoe on teh nature ebcaus they believe thta Thitreen number that brings b luck ro them .
The television can entertain , and alos deucate ht peopel .
Have so many educacionals proarms , liek Animal Palne , adn so mnay othre .
Sometimes , moe tv shosw rae so rgeta that helps you in deetrmiante csas , fro xeample , Animal Plante can ehlp uo in ibolgoy , ht History can lep in history , etc ... In my oipnion the teelvisoin can be good as ooks , and can also be a form of lraning as ogdo as only reads boosk , bacuse TV is soemthing f , so you c lran and have fun at the asme time .
Serei laso can ehlp you to sutdy , for me it helped me a lot beacues I lev seri and som q I wtac hlepe me in school , such as brekain abd , which helped me in chemistry , a so mnay tohesr .
lats ye I swa a mive called ' ' side by die '' , nad tlaekd a ltilte of life in old histoyr , nad coincidence I wa ahivng th matter in school , hte it helped me a lot .
in my oipnino the teleivsion na entertain as can eductae people on different yas .
16 May 2014
Daer Company ,
I am writin in resposne to yoru daverisment SUMMER CAMPS .
I am vrey inteersted in the jo , becuas I wuold like to wkr htis summer ro yo .
I could start when you tell me .
I have wroked as a assintant cook in a algunak Restaurant last summer I owrked in other resaturant in London , however I would liek to lko after children because I have sutided to be a etahcer .
Also I haev worke in tohesr summer camps ohw aer ufnn Camp , Nature Cam , etc .
My CV is enlcsoed .
I believe I ustiable fro tihs job , because I nejo working wit children a I know to cook very well .
Also for me th salry is n a problem because my motivation is to learn
I look forward to aering from you .
ysr faithfluly .
Juna Antonio
Everoyne say tha our lif are going to change in the futuer but htta is whta everynoe sasy .
irght ?
In eh future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is ll I ask for . I may be yogn but I think I do n't see mysel liivgn on earth in teh next 50 yeras i mean draem deos nto hurt .
I question myself everyady hwo acn i svrive in thsi madness world ?
I do to kon oh to answe this quesiton ohnestly bu i guess i will never nko .
I thni htat publi transport h a gre futre becaues veer itme there aer mroe poepel who use it .
ohwveer , I think it is rey expensive b with a decrease in teh cos there woudl be more peop .
Nowayas have a car is very expensive bceasue you have to ap a l of tihkns .
upbilc transport would have more futru if it ree better dsitributed .
Perosnally , I use moer public transport but I ahrdly ever use prviate transport
Baja California is ibgger than gaauscalientes for the beaches and toruis cities .
hte transpotratino is practical because not all palces rae search , use mer teh ca , truck a sometiems aot .
Th tourist will nevre be bale berd adn will hva much tem to visit t icty .
Baja Califonria weahtre is n as lod as Chihuahua .
Whne oy go to the beach you have acsos a lagr avenu to get there walking .
I 'm rey tiring ya , when I go adn wen straigth to de .
The last fe days htat I aws in Baj California I 've go ve little time for shoppnig a go to teh beac .
aer Jo ,
oh 's it oging ?
Well I thnik y vae chosen the best idea , because htree aer
omre places to ivsi in Iatly .
ifrst I bleieve yo can tarvle fro north of Iatyl to t south , in
ord to s all the bse plac that we hav , lek Milan , Roem and
Lcece .
Find a job in Italy is n't as esay as y htink , bceaus t
ecnoomci system is in rciiss , so it 's hard ujst f Itaain , thinking fo
ofregin epople .
But it 's not all , iscne you knwo wt langauges , maeb yo ac ifdn
a summer wokr in a travel anecy , becaus they need someone to
reception w na spae anothe languga oevr Italai .
I wli fin out soemone hw know t agenyc 's manager , nad you wli
haev sent me your curriculum atfe t weekne , because he will surely want it .
I 'm evry glad to read you agani ,
Ettore .
tetor
I ihnk th car is more convenient for public transport .
In eh car uo do ont vae a timetable to be respected , you 're rfee to leave , to go home weh you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
na without getting stuck in a cyt fo dealy for drvier . on public transport tree is the possibility that uo 're standing on the whole tpi , tree is always a to of people , is ocdl in the winter na in teh summe it 's oo to .
trsp are long on publci transprot or by car .
although I do to nkow if this wolud always choose ht machine .
By reading t hsitor , we can know that smoe disasters hpapneed evrey the yaer of Jaiwu .
nad there is no exception ihs eyar .
The happened severa seroius natarl or amn - made disatsers in thi year .
In Taiwan , a serious a crash casued by t bad weather hpapened fisrt .
A terrbile explosion resulting for craelessness ofllowed .
A storm of food problems broke out next .
In the lgobla , up to three a crashes whihc reslut fro being hijacekd or shot happened .
There wer also conflict between westre countries adn eh ISIS .
In my opiinosn , la of us er supposed to be careful abo all the detaisl when we ael with evreything to pervent dsiasters .
Addtiionally , al huma beings should stop fighting and devoet uosrelves to pursnig a peaceful world .
Last bu on leats , we shoudl do everytihng wtih o conscience .
Hope taht ht next yra will be ebtter .
Frankly it eems that ht town th I have bene livng haev not take car about hte environment .
It is esay to see when we walking around or when we go to smoe walk .
In gneearl we do n't taek care abtu nothing , water , recyclable hting even o iar conditioning .
ihs is such a chronic problem in a my ocuntry .
Her in rbazli is very difficult atke rae aobut it becaues it dmeands esrious behaviour na skills fmo oru gorvernant which unfortuantuyl wo n't happens in a shrot time .
lathough Braz passed through several chagnes since lsat 40 years , the ami one hvaen't starte yet and I am talking about Educiton .
uor gvoernemnt prefer keep o population iwthou informtaion , ebcause it is easie to amnpiulate thier mnid .
And hw am I talk baout it ? I am atlk about it becasue hte foundation of environmnet rae is uor minset , just iwt knowledge and information we will be lbe to manage actions to asve , protect nad improve the enviromnnet , adn reverse we have the current resu .
So if we bleieve it is a kind of important subejc to atk care , we need to mvoe fsat an our first step shoul be our leectino process .
A hosu is maed of walls adn beams ; a ohme is built iwth olve adn derams .
this aphrisim is afmous dn trtu .
Peopel rt to ubil bi and lauxreis uose ub hte forgot about t main .
it is warm whi is needful of us .
we ca vae really good houes wheer ra many furniture , sapce a ornaments .
we can chioec expencive thinsg for interiro .
but thse htigns a not importnat if there is on comfortable atmosphere .
we have to invest oru love , draem , paitetn . and as a rseutl we ac caete the best huos ev .
building ou houes we make the most important palce of us .
so we have to flolow o dreams and cerat a warm and coys place
In this repotr I am iong to atlk about oh in my town tkae acre of the environment .
First at a , I ask the cuoncil ro tih great problem which is the plolution and teh ya to slove it .
He is aware hta the grwoth of the polluiton is a b problem and thta mu be taken mesuares fro yring to oslve it .
It is not easy way tu it is necessray to do it .
n teh won he tries that eh people have to awra about the sitiaoins an they atek caer t environment
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be eonguh or no .
Th " rgee " granisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radica political soltuions are needed .
In my oipnion we should ta conciencious dn spo it , if we don , t stop it , aftre it iwll be ltare .
Me nad my fmaiyl .
I love my family , we arug hardl evre !
I do olt of activities with them ..
Fro xemaple : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brohter 's football amcth , we ea or stay at hmo all together .
We osmetime do presents at t party li the Birthday ...
The best present tah I rceeive sa ... I do n't ermebmer !
Another thing , at my home htere ar som rules : I nad my brother ti uo orom , we clean t bathoom wehn we use it , we ca n't eat in the foà ..
I alyas yr to fololw urles bu I sometimes break th becasue I 'm lzay !
I do n't argue with only one of my faimyl .. I osmetmies rague wit my broth fo televiisno channel but we amek up immeditaely .
Wiht my parents I argue about shcolo , how I use my mboile phone , hwo I speak with thme ..
My lsat auge with my family was yesetrday
I 'll tla about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyhd City specialty .
First , yo should konw is teh weather , we have a very lod niter na a oh sumemr compared with hte othe countries in the middle ets .
If you want a ctiy with sea oyu should chooes a city in the wets or esa of Said rabaia .
Riyadh is t capital Cti it 's in the center of the ikngdo of Sau Arabia .
All hte stores and amlls ar closed at mi night include hte ifve prsy rbeaks becaus we need to go for pray of wkr you nee to kwo wha teh major yo want to work in so I ac ehpl oy to search for a good job matching you abilitei .
afte what I told y about my country I hope yuo like it .
I will write abtu my vilalge .
My villaeg has around 7 erisdents
My village is between a rire and a mountain .
It has a olt of beautiful things ho an o church of cetnury XV ubt tihs church is in runis btu the n churhc als is vyr beautifu and comfortable .
My village has a awl of t tsone , this wall was buli by resident of the village in 17 .
Oteh intreesting plcae in my vllage is th square tih his sourc
Aslo there t same supermraket , bra and restaurants .
Fo many years , people use pulbic transport to go to owrk to study a to travel .
So , we us trains , buses and bikes to transpotr fro place to plec .
lte us dsicovre the aventadges an disavandg hte
I thin aht a public transport wil hva futrue by th amny reasons .
ht acr oculd be broken .
am colud hav some problems with hsi haelth .
For xeample , if m had broke a leg , it might be hard to rdiv a car .
Alos , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a uorist from a foreig country .
Sometimes er btter to traevl by the su because of thonry road .
Bus is one of the demoarcy transport , which is ues by hte stuednts , ksd , adults , cih and poo pepole .
Wne yo a trvaellin wiht a big company , it is a best decisino to trvale by th bus .
Becuase veerynoe hsa a place in eh ubs .
An it 's fnny nad exciting to travel wi the gorup by hte b .
onwadays , people ah a stressfull live so we ca n't spdn time waiting of upbli transport .
We cna think that there is no future for public trnasport because omts of peopl use thei own car .
Using your onw car uo ac taek the edcisio of whta timetable is mer ocnvenient adn wh way your ar go to u .
It 's roe confortable go anyway with yoru onw cra , the problem is the pollution tha this lfie bring us , an laso ht pa prolbem .
If veerybody go wiht htier ow ca , their hav to apr nad mabye hte place is full .
Als , travellign by ac is so mhc more ocnveneint because yuo do n't have to go tsopping in ecah town , so using yuor ow town saves mie .
onwaadys , poelpe are really wroried ro tehir job due to hte big finnacia rciiss in ihch smoe pelpe are lts hteri ojb and otehr are working in rubbi ojb for ltitle money .
For lal this , teh question is oto difficult to anwser .
In my opinion , the most miportnat is ejnoy yuo work beacues we spent an average of nine hours in hte office or in whatever work that we wll do , as a result if yo do n't fe comfortbale , yru life could be a hell .
The truth is , taht the perfection wuol be that all peolpe cuodl work in tehi dream jobs and of cuores , making a lto of money , ilek fo example Hollywood atcosr or football playesr but htis is almost imposslbe .
In summary , of me , it is ebttre enjoy at work every day , although y have not a bgi sala .
The most important is waek up each day wtih a big smiel na rok hra .
The socrc trila is one of hte best filsm nad thriller that I ha ever see , it is so etied al the thing aht they do to suvrive in the outised world with all those poeple that ra infeetd with a viurs and the reason why tye tu them in the glda fro them to be inmune if soem skc persno bite them .
one of the sot amazin part of the fiml is whe etrsea calls Cure fo go for hte and take th gaani to the Cruel ubildign nad lkie all of hte does n't wanna go iwt tme they start a war and they take Mihno wit the dn at the e Thomas dcedie to go afte htme an he give a sepr great speech f all hte pernos go with them and help ih to gte abc Mhino , an what i relal nat to es in the next flim is taht if Thoma is mad at Teeras ( i enve like her ) and if they get ere and t world comes back to the noraml world .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
it is a baeutiful lpac whree peopl can go to spend an excllent tiem nad jnoy th forets dn lagoons .
Ther are cabins weher uo can hva a goo ti in front of th boifre na sleep in a beauitful oom maed of ecological materials .
In the tr you can do myn activities like climbing , swimming , paddling ratfing nad enjoying eh place .
It is a beautiuf palce to go on oyur fre time nad get to nkow it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am the apprporiaet personn for hti job ebcause I have a ol of motivatno na a ogod Engilsh lev .
I would also ilke to te this ojb because I loev the As and I fotne do Babysitting so the compa of childer not faradi me .
I am a gdo coo .
hwne I was youngre I went to smumer cpm in Farcne , cosnequentl I know which activtiies I na propose to children .
I hoep I convince y .
Best regards .
I love English bu ther is an interesitng subject I want to study and it 's Mahteamtics .
This subjetc is beuaitful and incredibl . I like it very umch .
I awnt to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .
I want yours hlep .
Can uo he me osmeohw?Pelase I want to study htsi sbujcet .
Thank you very muc .
Ann knew tha it was gogn to be a vre sepcial day for re .
Th dya gean as usual a no signs of truoble were but when hs woke up nad went down tsairs hs swa a dgo tu the dog sa an unuaul coolr .
Usuall her odg had a bule col but at that moment it was Red
Recetnyl , I have ese t atrantion 's enw fml , Djang Unchained , and I ahv to ercognzie tah I am looking forwadr to watch t next one .
He took down every imtsake he made last ifmls .
Firstly , jdanog Unchained remembered us eh hard lif usffered by balkc people in the psa , due to a erat introdcutino without dialogues , where lbac people were unchained hwil tehy came back to be eslling to an wonre farm , it ebing mathcign with an amanznig soundtrack as iedntity Tartnino 's iflms .
Nowadays , In many counrt the youth looking ro diong sports to be fitness adn ve caitve three rae myn sports to jion it .
On the other hdn , ther are some argumnet for spotr specially ovllyeball .
When I play vlolyeball I totally forget la my porblmes an focus on nothing bu vlleyball and the intensity of teh gma .th agm i lkie to play .
T kind of stress that pushse me to owrk hdrer in order to get good at hwta I love .
In additoi to htis It puhses me to kpe on tryni so hta I cna get everything rihgt .
It 's la abuo will opwre na t absolute want to g bette .
On the no hadn , there aer alto of famous player on volleyball oh ahd Kee ligament injureis , The most frequent emchnaism of injru was lnadnig from a jump in the tatac znoe .
In additoin to this , Injuries were omer frqeuent duirn agmes than trianing .
In my opinion , Vollyeball must then be cosnidered amogn high - risk psorts according to teh frequency an gravity of uor surgical findnigs.my adivec for who starts th sopr yo will get fresh after oyu play htsi game and meks yuo doin your work in relaxetion way .
I belive htere er numerous possibilities on public transport becuaes cars and pulbci rtansport lpay completely diffreetn rol in our soceit .
Fisrt of ll , pbuli transport probabl emet the demands of epople who hardly or do n't us their csr to traevl .
In Japan , whcih has one of the largset populaito over 6s0 , many seniro peoel prfeer to use bess to cars .
In addition , a nwe generation appera and they do n't own thie cars ebcaus of a we opportnuities to traevl and gih cost of having a car on their won .
ceond , publci trnasport provdise a quci adn esay way to visit unfamiliar plecs wht us .
It is n necessary for us to nkwo in advance how to egt to hte destination beroe ht departure by using upblic trsnport .
So it prevents us to open maps to cnofirm every single rtue .
Lastly , we can use ses ersuorces by usi pbulic tranpsort .
Whe it comes to our enviornmnet , the use of transport could be a solution ofr reducing th emisison of 2o .
Because of htsee reasons , I see a blight futru for public transport .
it is out of hte question teh atke care of the environemnt is regarded as turning poitn in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our econmic life . an no doubt taht geligence has the abiltiy to setroy man good sieds in uo life .and our government is iong hre best to up end to negliegnec .
but we las umst coparation to save our two . on the other hand we must Presentation awarenss progrma for ll people .
a we must throw rubbish in the srteet to eep th arae clean and we must Matnain celan trse to keep eh area attractiev thus we can improev National income by tatracting amyn people frmo other town . and we must lern children that celan is necessary for their health a on thier school ehy sohuld htrow rubbish on Waste basket nad who torw it on the rgound iwll be punishde . to to it a we ca n't go without Cleanilness of uo tonw .
Natural envrionmen destroyde that is a peop fcosu on frequently probl .
nay conutrise build omr and more ubildings affect pepol qulaity of life .
esttnig up more large builnig ca destroyed poepel and animasl ilv environment a some naimal maybecan extinction .
Governments shodl do some measures to deal with build more buildings iwll destroy the ecological environment .
There is no futer for public transport , becaus travelling by ac is so mcuh omre convenient .
I 'm on agree abao this sttaement becasue in a ib ictise there ar a lto of cars , if al peolpe in a ciyt use ih own ac at the same tim , three will be a hug rtaffic , so travelling by c is n't much mroe cnovenient in htis situaito .
There are more probelms in big icties , oen of them is parking , there are a lot of raaes in a city that is very difficult to park , and uo only ha 2 optio , yuo can park in a pritae parknig dn pay a lto of mnoey or oy can waste you tim searcnig for a palce of parking .
Goo evnenig ! I 'm Ktaerina .
I want to tla abuo my favourite soptr gem .
Have you evre ehrad obut hockey ?
This is aelly my favourite spor game .
And I am fond of Russian team .
We a taikgn par in championship tih aer .
It will atke place in Minsk .
We are hte best tae of all .
na I am glad to iwn a cup of championhspi .
I am awitign for a final of this game .
I awn to give advcie ro children .
Do n't be aarid of hockey!Yuo used to sit in front of computer , b teh ebst choice will gte up and go to the hockyeclbu .
Hel !
I am yxz I have a 18 years lo an I am sutden .
I like to isgn and I can play the guitar .
I am a vlouneter and I work as a bbaysitter . I c cookign .
I am cheerful and hardowrking .
I can speak English very ewll .
I hvae experience in htsi work , ebcause last yae I wokred at a chlidern cam in olndno .
I enjoy fu with chilrden .
I thnik I ' m a perfect candidate for tihs j .
Plaes ctnact tih me .
My email ardess is xxxxxxxx .
I look forwar to hearing from uo .
Your snicerely ,
X
Hi Chris how are you ?
I am was saking to me if uo want to go to the party wti me ?
what uo think ?
ht party is eh next week on Julias house , it is gogn to star at 5:00 pm
My faovrite sport is siwmmin .
I engaged in swimmgn in nien yeras old .
I ah gottne fris rpize in a match .
As a result , I thni hta I ahev so intellent on siwmmin .
isnc then , I meet my teaehr in hte pool .
hse etcah me a olt of things , na be the omst important figur in my lif .
hse is a odtcor , she tol me hta siwmimng will elt my body more btete .
Fmo then on , I fell my disease in decreasind adn fel relax .
Conseuqnetly , I need to swim usually .
First of la , swim can help your haelht .
The rseeacrh declined that swim na dcerease disesae .
Second , swmi acn relxa yoursefl .
When you in the waet , you iwl eel relax .
Third , swim can get mro frned .
You can go to the swmimin cul , thta is a way to meet pelpe with interesting of same .
You na tr thi spo rfom onw on .
Runnign
I am fo of running !
amn people think runnnig is a wastign mie or it 's very difficult but I do n't agee .
Fisrtly , yo lil be rtonger , enduring .
I satretd with three kilometres f oen j .
Now my avregae jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers dn giong on 40 - 50 minutes .
My ebs reslut is 15 km , btu I guess awhile .
Secondly , you will be healthire .
I am lses having a ocdl .
Eve if I have a codl , I will get otu nad will run 4 - 5 km .
After that on the next day , I feel msylef bette .
ofu year og I had often cold and reocvery logn eproid .
No I have more enregy nad hetlh to become happier .
Thrildy , you wll be more cnofident .
I started running four years ago .
Caues of this aw uhrt my l .
After rehabilitation I contiunde feel hur in my foot and I still lmiped .
I deciedd to tso tsi and no gorgeous morning I startign running !
As resutl , I know teh men can be rader than na be seem .
After tehs omment , you staitng doing things that amny pepole think impossible or evne unbelievable .
My recommendations ofr begnners .
1 ) Imprev yourself in a grudal wya .
I advise star for on km .
2 ) Wor systemacially .
T - three jogging in a week is nrom ofr beginners .
3 ) Grwo up .
Firs ewke on km , sceond no km a 300 meter etc .
4 ) Think abuot yru niitial physical condtiions .
Daer rm Kate Ashb
I am writing to app ro a job in rm Cafe .
I ofund ad obut tsi jo on the Internte
I would like to satr working in your cafe , becuaes it is very interested in teh kitehn and everything connected wiht it .
I have exeprinece in wroking in a cafe .
My adavntage is that I am ver open na rfinedly .
My alts job is worikgn as daelre in a lto of sohps .
I think I am good at dealing iwth people , particularly in the fodo .
I trvaeled a l , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in man countreis
I used to wor fu - tmi jog .
I am prepare ro long workni hrus , taht 's no rpoble of me , because I am young a I lek owrking an spend timee with epopl .
I lo forward for new chlalenges and tasks .
I ebleive I would be an ideal candidate for this posiiton .
I am an open , ha - wokring and responsible student .
I am looking forwa to hearing from yuo as soon as it is possible .
I epxcet a psoitvie resposne .
Patrycja Vigh
Dear Peter ,
wo are uo ?
do you have ayn aln on netx Snuday ?
We watn to go for a picnic to ht park near my house at 12:00.My husband vnited yuo for that .
Do you fancy for coming ?
If y ocm l me know do you ilke meat ?
see you oson
Kyt
Is Phsyica Education necessary at shcools ?
First of all , It is teu aht not all hte people lki do spor ebcause they are ehav adn a bit stressful too .
We can asl say taht tehr are othre subjects more importan htna Physical Eductaion , like Bioloyg or History .
However , Physical Educatino is necseasry ebacuse amkes people less lazy .
Despite the fca that sports rae heavies , odtcors are alway asying htat sprots improves our heatlh .
Schools haev Physical Educations f etahc thsi ood habit isnce our childhood .
In conclusion , Physic Education ar necessary at scohols because sports improve our haelht and make us feel ogod dn hetlhy .
I wuold like to make a reservaiton fro the nex month , frmo 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I ahv doubts about bookin policy .
I mean , after erading t etrms adn deposti opilcy , I unedrsatnd I muts pay the first giht at the booking ti and t rset of the saty it would be pai upon arrival to ht frotn desk .
uls , in case I cancleled t reservatoin 48 hrs befoer rairval it would cahgred the 5% of the full saty .
I unedrstand tihs prat , but in case I hav to cancle teh rseervation , how shlud I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your webiste .
To ebgi iwth I wou like to say tha diogn a sport is ver miportant to keep us thin and healtyh .
My favourite psort is swimming because it is teh one I have bee practising fro a long time aog nice I sa a ki .
I liek swimming because it is a psort that makes me work lal my bod and it is also a reall cmopltee spor .
Nowadays it is raelly improtant to know hwo to siwm because ehn we rae in ohlidasy we spend most of uo time in th water at the swimmin polo or veen at ht ae .
I ilke tohe sports such as oftoball a volleyball too .
I would gvie the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends ebcuase while we are training we have mates in oru team which we na talk to an amek the o friends .
Otherwise it is a soptr where yo do n hev cotncat tih your friends what help not to mka injuries .
To cnoclude , I thi tihs is a really ogo sport to satrt wht whne we are a little child to gain experience a yera afre eyra becoming better and improvni .
No wonder if we sya hta psort is so miportatn .
It keeps oru bodies in ogod condtiion .
Actually there are tow kisd of psorts .
ifrst en is inidvidual sports dn in this kind oy pratcice your game alone na y a the oln playe on your tea .
Secodn kidn is etam sports .
In this kidn , you are one of th aem dn all the team pal as a o person .
A lthough some people prefer individuIa agmes , b I prefer aem games .
ebcaues it teahc as the maennig of coopertaion and leadership .
Tae spotr are ver important nad they icnlud a lot of kdns .
My favoruite tea soprt is football .
I play football every ady with my friends at clbu .
I found footbll interetsnig because it teach us a lot of roals scu as cooperation and noest .
I also na get fun with my firensd whe I lpay it .
I tihn it is teh mo interesting sport
Famous poepel dfeinitley desevred to have a private life iwhtout journalists following them al the itme .
I think everoyne should hvae hteir prviat lives .
In our world lievs many personalities , more or els nkonw , such a iflm - stars , music - stars and so on , ub w teh ca n't have normal liev ?
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
Honsetl , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I wou efe like a prisoner , woh ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , a I wo n't ahev peace .
catually I have to admit , taht , film stars , politicians nad other afmosu epolpe hev to coun on fame .
They mts know , pepole lil identifie tme , walking through the srteet .
hte ca n't complain , becaues it 's the aw of fie htey hcoose .
In my opiinon , veeroyne desreves ro calmness .
Dear is ,
Wtih rfeerence to your advertisement in the current issu of t summer capm ojb , I am writnig to yo to apply fo it .
In the advreitsement y tsate that oy ened a eprso who has sklils for bo tih hcildren .
I would ilek to tell you htta I have done a coures in whic I have laernt to organise all kinds of actiivties with chidlern since canoieng from swimimng competitoins , alos , I worked in a usmme cam lsat yae hwree y could ptu a ht htings thta I have learnt in practise and it was a very lpeasnat expernece which I woudl like to do it agin .
ebcaues of tta , if you nat , I will send you a ercommendation lettre from my sos in tha acpm .
In additio to that , I am well roganised at the kitchen and I ac cook a ol of difefrent idshse .
I wou be very grtaeflu if you wodl ocnsidre my application .
I look forward to ehranig form you as oson as possible .
Your sincerely .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear frmo y .
Everything 's ok .
Th ocncert was just flubbergasted .
What a pity , that you haev't ebe there .
If I nke about the thing befoer I would invtie all my taes .
It really was amzanig , I think , it was a breakthrough in my precetpion of music .
Wh 's moer , I did n't haev to p fro ht tikce , becaes it was a voluntere work - clisng the door after people that were cmoing uo of hte concert ha .
The good htnig about it was the fact , that the band(catually I even do n't remember it 's anm)was playing with so mhc passion , thta no on probaly even htink about leaving eh place .
In a word , doing nohting was th ibg advantage of this nid of wro .
There were many tihngs that ujts stunned me in oen mmoent , hwne the ban srated to play ...
Fir of ll , ablkan music utrned out to be one of ht most irresistible kinds I hav ev heard .
In my opinion msuci ilke this shuold be dipalye mo ofetn in the radio and other amss mdei .
ht bad thign about it is that the bnad is not oppula , and not many people have eve haedr baout it .
amss media do no want to itnroduce htsi kind of music , probably because it owudl dispalce the mainstaem - po music .
ee you soon !
Take crae ,
Jmi
Dear Mr ,
tih rfeerenec to your davertisement posted on th web ( CareerCats IT ) a few days ago , I am esnding you attached my curricuulm vitae in support of my application f eh lolowing psoition : Graduate Prejct Engineer , hwich rae being offered at your company .
I ahev enve worked as an engineer , ubt I am experienecd on electronics kie a hobbyist since I w a ihld . I haev my presonla lab equimpent and I have designed adn assemblde several circuits .
Please , feel rfee to get in touch with my teach in ord to botian referenecs ofr me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He pseaks Englis fleuntly ) .
I li in Spain at tihs moment .
If oyu gvie me the opoprtunity to consiedr my applicaiton , it owudl creatinly be a great job opportunity for me to gani experience in teh engnieernig field na develpoing my porfessiona caerre .
I do n't worr asalry now , nistea of a chance of showing my sklls .
I woudl agree with working at minimum salayr or workign in practice .
I hnoeslty thikn I 'll be very valualbe to oyu .
My learnnig and rok capcatiy tgoether wtih my enthusiasm are ht core strengths colud be of great help to yo ocmapny .
My degee is adatpe to the European Higher Edutaion nad it 's valid in eh whole EU .
I should like to tnak you in advnac fro gratnin me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
Yuor faithfully ,
Many epopel lal around the world olve football .
Football is such a ebaut soprt becaues it is relayl a fun in a lot of many wyas .
Footbal is my favouri sport an I think it is never gnig away in my life .
I love football because there 's a to of enjoymetn in it .
I lpa football ro Wiataker college school first eelevn as a deffender an I enojy playing that position becaues it is easy of me to lpa .
I used to dream of playing f bracelona and beacus bracelon has good players I kie I , for example Lionel Messi .
Because where I was born there sa n't any chance for me to practise football so I ca become reall godo lkie other lpayesr .
tu ene though I wlil never te a chance of pliyng for my derma team I still enjo playing football . I can play with people who are godo na I still have fu .
I adives yuong kids to trani har an pla football because teher 's a lot of fun .
Once yuo start playing ftoball , on a oyun eg oy get reall better at football .
The last hetl I went was one eh bts o of my holidays .
" Th haeve " , this aws ti anme , sa a nice small hotel near ht sesaide in the south of Italy , nera eastum excatyl .
When we arrived there , last summ in Jluy , teh nwers welcame us with a magnifiecnt basket of frseh frust in eh ormo and a variety of dirkns in ht fridge all nicluded in ht roo 's fee .
Any roo in the hotel ahs a balcon which overlooks on hte se so evre mroning , when oy wake up , yuo hae the sound of eh vaes breaknig on the baec .
udring uo tsya a hte satf aw friendly dn laway aviaalble .
Even if all mesl were deilcious na plentiful , yuo cuodl also drink or ea psecila snacks hwile y were on the sunn baech .
I would recomemdn this hotel to naoyne because three you wil cmopletely rleax a rlaly it iwll see to you I you ree in heaevn !
My Fvaourite Soptr - Football .
Tehre is perhasp notthing mroe lpeasant tha hwe yoru favourite sport is as healthy as neojyable .
I believ that many people wodl agree wit me , as football is the most faurite sport in t world .
Sinec I sa ifv I hev enjoyed alying ftoball wtih my friedns in front of uo block of flats .
It all tsartde evr natrually .
The ball sa object which provided us with olst of fun while we kciked to it and had friednl macthes .
As ti went by , football reamins my favourite spotr .
It still igve me graet fun wihtin incredilb company of my friends adn it keeps me fit as ewl .
T bets time ro football is a sunn day after recent rain when gruon is nice dn sfot dn air is rfesh .
Football is gaet sptr fo everyone ne , wmone , chlidren , adults , veen elderly epople enjoy it .
As osmeoen oh ha played hti spotr ro ages , my advice to people tsartign this sport is : g giht qeiupment , ifdn frinedly team , adn ejno the game .
Soon you wi laso enj yuor imporved conditoin an betre healht .
I definitely recommend this soprt to everyoen oh wnat to keep fit , have fun amongst hteri friends , and liv happy life .
Dear Jo
H have you been , my friend .
it been a oln time I never see oy , and uo always wanetd to visti Taiwan , my beautiful cotnry .
I heard about oy wna to have a trip in Tawina , I lovely helpde y weh y acm to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture alyas talked about ta .
At ayn time of ya or nihgt , we could ee poepel eating in all kidn of aetnig establihsments , for restaurnats to fodo stalls in the srteets .
I would show yo t restarunat where is my favorit choice .
We also ocul go hiikng on th mountain or go swimming at hte beahc , so oyu would ahev a ogo itm in my uontry , Taiwan
On the toehr ahdn , yuo waetd to olko for a jo , maybe you could have patr - tem ojb in the car school .
Many chidlern usuall di n't nko hwo to study Engilsh , a you could ehlp them to get theer .
If you hav intreset in my idea , I would hepl you to find en immeidtaely .
you friend
Nick
otm an I have been rtaining for a lno itme .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a relaly hrad no .
hte otehr team sa profeisonal , tehy ahd won many compettiions , ehy wree really good but To a I enw that we could won .
Oru competition was on Monya , we da one day fet .
We maed a schedule with all ou training days nad hours .
Another day aw starti , anoehr ya of traniing , our last no .
We had to make the last effort to recah the pion we nated .
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we coudl achive .
On that lsat da of training , we started wiht a ligh urn .
Tom was relaly itre and it sa really weird because it aw no a hard ur , I nkew it was because of teh nerves .
After eh ur we ocntinued with oru daily routine .
fater three hour of training , ot and I were extremely exhausted .
I tol tom I wanetd to talk about o achievemnets beofre we went ho .
ot said he was really hpapy and proud of us .
He als thanked me na told me htat if it wa n't for me he would n't veen thnik about playni etnnis in a professional awy .
It had been a very long dn tiirgn d , btu mo flet he had achiveed sometnig really good .
edar Summer Camp ,
I am a nuiversit studtn .
I 'm 18 yras old na I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
Tw omnths a I wokred in a kinder garden .
I know oh to look after ksd I evn hvae tw little sisters and I take cer of them .
I have experience wi kdis .
I ca also do different activities iwth ksd for example : singing , running around the garde , palnting tree , rdwaing , palyign instruments , ect .
At school I learned how to cook dfferent pyes of food and desserts .
I can etahc iksd reicpes tah tye na ocok .
I 'm the rigt person for t j because I 'm reliable dn experienecd .
Bset regrasd
Kare
psor is an importa for all of us because it hpls us avoiding disesae , an becoming healthier .My favuorit sopr is siwmimng .So practising ihs kin of psort is the best becaes it hepls me fleing fresh and relax .
Moreove , daily excsrise is rey good diea whihc hel us to avoid overweight and to keep oyru body healthier .So I laawys want to avdis people to parctsie thsi srot or toher kni of oprts to aovi diseases .
Two moveis .
During the lats months , we ocul see a huge number of new moeis issued by mayn famsu European a maericna majors .
T tw I have enjoyed ht msot aer " The wol of lal Street " a " ht escret lif of Walter Mitty " , or omre simlpy " Walter Mitty " .
ht ifrs o is basically besd on a tru stor of the ian character , a financial broker , w is catde by ht famous Hollyowod atcro Loenadro di Caprio na on wo he becom irch by berakign t rulse nad speculatnig on the stock exchange market .
I would define it an actio movie .
Walter imtty instead deals wtih the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , wohs life will eben chagned completely when teh company he wrok fro is tkaen over by en of its competitors .
Walter Mitt is acted by an excelltn Ben Stille , wo arrived at the ot of hsi career as actor .
Far rfo the onsiy and reality of Th Wolf of Wll Street , Walter Mitty offesr to the aduinece a delicious portryaal of hte amin character 's li and adventures , through hwich he will dsicover his true esfl and wlil restart a new lfi .
lathough presentin a mro vivacious lpto , The Wolf of Street is nto able to kepe the attention of the audience like Wlater Mitty does .
I muts say that The secret drma of Walter Mitty is a ewll - construtce movie tah I storngly ercommen to aynoen oh would psedn a greta veening watching an entertaining mvoi .
Dear isr or Madan ,
My name is Rbecea Costa and I am wirting this letter about th advetrisement for oj in the SuA Suem maps .
I am 32 aers old and ev htought I live in Brazil I have a flunet Egnlis level .
In roder to imrpove my Elgish skilsl nad laso ahev a chance to mete ne people from all around eh world I ahve got very exctied abtu that position availael .
I htink th I ca help oyu on several acmps cativitise , because of my bcakgruond in volunteer work I ha experience n only in t iktche ubt also organiisng an amanging some oyuth sports gamse in my nehgborhood .
Plesa I would like to know mroe informatoin on h to procde to appl nad ehn this bo wil commence .
I am lkoing forward to haerign from oy in a few da .
oyusr faithfully
Rebcea ocsta
It is undoubtedly true thta in toda 's modern wolrd epolpe commu to wokr mostly by thei rpivate vehicles .
It seesm more convenein to them to move on their own rather than ti to a pbulic transport .
It can be aruged that public transport system ah bee loosing its popularity in many wsy .
People feel taht they can te to tier desitnatoins on tmi if they rdiv tehir nw acr .
It is tru in many cases as pulbic trnasport like buses , tarins and trams have their own specific routse and stsp .
This may cause peolpe in egtting alte to thri particular destination .
escondly , public transptr esems to be gonig expensiv day by ad hwic hsa reduc its popularity .
Peolpe thereofre fdn acrs moer fafordabl for them .
In doern society cars have becmoe more cheapre to uby , which in turn h helepd peop to ha htme .
Moroeevr , mayn car fiancne compines have made it easy ofr evre idnividaul to purchase the acr .
In conlcuison , i would say that ude to recent adavncements in society , hter has bee a considreable increase in th ra ownershi .
It can hterefoer be predicted esail taht the wlil be no role of public transport in the futre .
I thnik that whe you wnat to get famous because of something that oyu do ( for eaxmlpe : wrtiing musica ) uo have to accept what come iwht it .
It 's true that somteimes paparazzi cors the lnie and invade their pviate properties which I find fwul .
However , there are aslo those kinds of peopel that g famous fro dogn nothi or just biegn irc as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
htat amkse me ownder who really deesrevs fma nad w does n't , but fa is not the same as ebing remembered .
We can s that pepole ge fmaosu hwe thye ide , so , journalists are basic to create a negatiev or positive point of view of tta person .
They are jus people , ub not like yo or me , or at lets I do n't hvae a fabuolu ferrar to comfotr me whne I 'm sad .
" onwdaays , older people are disadvnataged bceaus tehy lakc teh abiliyt to u technology ocnfidetnly . " Do you aere or idsagre ?
hte dfificult to elarn something .
In our word it 's imopssible to live wtiohut using thcnology .
osem epopl siad taht the wrodl could be bettre if it 'll return to t psa hweer the life wsa moer miply .
Bu this is an anachronism .
It 's ipmosisble to sotp t scinece .
eh question is whether eh older people are idsadvantgae in using technoolgy in confidnetia aw .
O acn on ginore hta it 's omr easy for young poelpe to improve their knowledge tna hte older .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn moer fas htna the dl adutl .
There er on doutbs : uong people ues techonlogy much omer aeisly tna o people .
By hte w , in my opinion , if someone , for example epxlain well dn cla hte use of enw technology to an old man or woman , at teh dn , alos thes people rae in codntiions to use it .
Nwe technology consists , f isnatnce , in smart phone , atblet , pc .
There a some ol people who are interested to know wo work technology , bu others who are to interested at a .
ofr these las one , it 's on necessary to sue technolog , because they can continue to ilev without using it .
To cnoclud , if it 's true htat not all peopl use tehcnoolgy confidently , hwo is interested can be nivolved in usign new technology vee if the final results could be lower htan their expectations .
Dera Sir/ Madame ( director hte fi daprtment )
I am wrinig tihs letter , because the last week I read a ntoiec in yuor STUDENT FLi CLUB magazine about a mov or thriller that I like it na I ac advsie yuo .
Wle , last Suady , I went to the cinema dn I watched TEh TITANIC , perhaps t moive count us , the typical story the rci girl falls in olv tih hte poor boy .
tu the best of all for me is the sinikng of eh sh , when it efll dwo to bottom of the ocean .
the film pxlains us oh hpapened the fact of the same w that in the near XIX century .
The director hsa wanted to amke the story ht ebst real possible .
He explains us th building of t ship , wyh it san , how it stood in the obttom coena na how th oeple hepled th one to others .
I really like the begninign of hte movie , bceause we can see ht ship when it was really en , iwth hteir chari , tab an another ufrniutre .
In my opniion I thnik th hte lo story is enlcsoed to explain betetr the sinking .
I look forwadr to hearing from oy .
As reqeusted by a olcla tourist offiec , htis is a report ergrading shpoping fcaiiltiesin my town and spos that will appeal to tourists with differnt interests .
First of all , there aer many sohpping amlls in diffreent aaes of my town .
en of htme whhc includes all interests is Afi aplcae Cotroceni .
I location is in the wester part of Bucharset .
Rgearidng teh actual ohpping , it has omr tah 30 sho wti a varitey of htings , orm fashionab lcothes to delicious ofdo na even qsuaint obosk .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with chilern to eldsr .
In fact .
it hsa 2 different icnemas , o with Imax optio .
Another aprt of Buhcares for shopping is Unirea Shopping Center .
acllde in a maliciosu awy , hteer rae 6 folors fo jewerly , cltohes , accessorises , gadegt , books etc .
On th las lfoo is eh food cuor , closde air which is by fra too populatde dn fu of smoke .
Bein in the centre of Bucahrets , uo can go uotsid , in downtown to csnider vistiin en cultural things while shopping in obutique and relaxing on a terasse iwth a co lemonad .
sot of the itm , lcohtes are nadmade and roiginal .
In addition to tha , chea is eh best word descrbiing ht ocsst .
To s up , it would seem that Donwtown is a prfeerable plec , with better value for moeny .
Altohug using oyu onw car is betten fo movi around teh icty , public transport hsa sho to be a gdo way for travelling lost distacnse wtih a ol cost dn , depending on ist quality , laso olw budgte .
There is not probably a bright ufture f pulbic transpor if it does n't develop as it shoul in the world we ra living toda ; htta is , if entrepirses notinue wtih their current alraed o - fashioend business model , fro sure they wli los csutomres , and so , benefits and weight in the rtansoprtation world .
In conclusino , tihs kind of transport will have to enhan if hte copmaneis in charge want citizens to use hteir buses , trains an oteh public vehicle in the furue .
Those improvements m include loweirng t price , reducing th tmies or ofefring new destinations na more resuorecs .
Wroking loidays abroad
Introduction
hte aim of this report is to share the experience of different tsudents who ahd been working abroad udrign teh suemr .
In order to do so , I conducted interivews with 30 unievrsit studen .
Pr
veer single one of htme said tta if yo wkr abroad , yuo will imprvoe oyur English a lot sin you lil be ilstenin dn sepaikng it all d .
In addition , another advantage is that by owrking a usmme you can aenr osme omney ro your personal xepensse .
Cons
However , almost every student confessed havgn flet ohemsick despi the fatc htta hte ma a large aomutn of friends tehre .
Another arwback is htta unless you are reall motivated , it will be difficult for oyu to daatp to a n ci .
Cocnlusion
veen if there ar osme disadavntage , omst tsudents garee tah this is an aamizng experiecne no to be missed .
Al in a , I sgugets encouraging students to find a jo abroad during hte summer .
there are few thinsg which I am vre keen and passionate of , in the whol world .
no of these it 's sruley my spor .
I have been practicing siwmming po snic I was is years dl , now I am twneyt noe . tihs should nto lte you sat wihtuot a lcu of how muc I care about my ohbyb .
hti is not just a sport but an xetraoridnary thing I do in the ordinary life , in eh everyday life .
hwne I am tired , stressed , depresse , frustrating , cik of the apssing fancies or fake freind , there is just no thin that is albe to make me efe ebtter nad sanp uo of it : thi is , of coures , swimimng .
So I elt myself drop in the watre of the pool , and as osno as I am comlpetley sumberged , all the porlbems , sadness na ehaivness of life suddenly disappear , an tah 's teh mos aamzing meoiton i cuold evre tyr .
If I had to suggest a soptr to do f childne , I wuold recommend it because whtehre it amkes everyone be in hsape , it is healthy nad graantee an upper level of ewatlh .
I aivse hte parnets to le the children beig swimming as soon as tehy can , provided th are interested in it .
It is ont worth siyng eac noe shoudl follow theri psasions .
I 'll finish sayin that even when I was yonug if my father had asked me if I would hev rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen t first one .
I find it difficult to ahve a healt ya of li ucrerntly .
ifrst of all the environment is contmainated na these substanc get to us by water , ia , food ... also the clothes .
We ca n't avio electromagnteic waves around , although we were liivng in the count or far from the industries .
If you want to live wht health , you ums undesrtand it and t to choose between the we rela optinos yo have in oyru hasd .
Th main adivce it would be to hav a balanecd dite : a lot of fruits an vegetables , few fst , to drnik more water , te .
Then it is very important to exercis becsue your body and yru midn ene moevemnt .
If you do nto haev enoug tiem of exercise eevry day yuo can mka little efforts : do not use ht lift , u th stiars or wla evre ti you can .
B the omst miporatnt thing for havign a healthy lfi is to be queit , not efe stress .
Nowadays we have a hurrise lives ub we must tso adn live ru lives too .
oyur health neesd acl , frinedshpi , happienss ... You ums keep in concat with your friends and to psned itme with yourself ( do not fogret your hbobie and aern new tihngs ) and your faimli .
I think it would be the bts avdice .
It is known taht Internet make thnisg eaiser tha eev nad ca be usde for everything .
Sem people beeive that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantages of the Intenret is thta we can meet new epolpe around th owrl and make friends without taklnig face to face .
There are plnety of wbe that can seacrh people , meet them and cha with eh same niterests and ocmmnos yuo like .
I vae veyr good friends thanks on the Internet .
Howeevr , there are a lot of milcious softwrae around the Interne and you umts be awar .
uo do n't have to do eh silly or illegal things , because uo will be xeopsed to this malioius sowtare .
In addiito , that software is craeted by saty people hta creatse this virus to maage ohte eppole computers .
In my opinion I sut epxress the facilities given by the Inetrne .
It 's all so easy wht it and usfeul , for examel yuo can order a pizz to take to you home
To smu up , I 'm totally agre iwth maikng friends through th Interte .
Did you nkow that you brain is exercised when yo erad a boo ? Yo should reda the topic th oy prefr like nwes , sptrs , novel , ecoonmics , health , fitness , foo , cooikng a you can choose teh mtaeria that it 's say and ejnoayble to read liek voels , magazines , newpsaper , etchnical obosk dn osmehting ilke tha .
Why do I recomemn it ?
When you hav ifnished your stduies and you have gotten a j wheer every day you do the same catiivties , the brni does n't work hard and y might have some probelms liek forget words , dates , information htat y ahd learned a few years ago ebcuase oyru memory wo n't work in the smae awy .
I think tah oyu brani is like your bod , tye both ne exercise to be tcive and the aw to get it is reading osmethign .
I 'm rue if y read or listen to audio ook juts 1 huo every ya , you ra goign to feel a chnage quickly . I konw that getitgn reading habits is diffiuclt , but y sttr to do it , you wo n't be albe to g euogh of ehm and y wlil read for pleasure .
Finally , if yo ge Reading habit you 're going to roganize better your ideas and y ma feel more enerteic , if you do n't believe me , ujts try it .
Dear isr or Madam
I wish to apply of th post of worker in an As summer acmp that was advretiesd in the newspaper this Monday .
This occupation is of grae interest to me as it refelct my deetrmination in li and requise my education , skill and experinece .
Wtih majors in lignuistics ( to be moer precise , eh neglish an Chisee languages ) , I haev recnetly garnered esocnd ihgher education in psychology .
Tih follows that on the one hna I have etxensive knowledge in how to be on gdo terms iwt idfferetn people and on ht other hnad I hav a perfect coomand of English .
ow yaesr og I worked as an interpreter nad an organizer of Waterski World Championshpi in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to biuld my career as a tecaher since my very childho and , moerover , I edfineetly ha a ya with hclidren of any age , fater graduation I gained expeirence at University nad olca school .
I have ebe taechign Engilsh for 5 yera alread an I would dare to say tha tsi ojb was med for me .
In tmrs of my personality , I am evry hardworikng , enthusiastic to iwed rang of activities , poen dn friendl .
My opinoin is rooted in my experience so I relaly eojy inetractign iwht poeple , especially children , nad to tell you th truth I ilk coikng nad expeirenec ne tihgns in genearl .
I feel htese sklils wolud allow me to perform effectivyl in thsi posistion .
My enclosed ersume outilne my experience in rgeaetr detail .
I welcome the opoptrunity to meet wiht you dn look forawdr to hearnig for oy .
Sincerely ,
Mary J.
Bamdinotn of eveyr Aeg
It 's fas nad it endes a to of atlhteic skills .
A wsi man in eh past said noec , " If you want to be a good bdaminto playre oyu nede the nerves of a clime , teh strength of a shot putter , t condtioin of a maratohn runner and the elegance a cleevrness of a fencer . "
Badminotn is my favourite sport rat .
I feel happ after evyr agem .
It 's xehausing dn y ahv to move sat to egt every birdy .
You ahve to be competitiv !
Y can play it in every aeg .
I straetd hwen I aws seven years o in my first clsa .
My coatch was very inec an mostly we played in tema .
I had a olt of fu at the somre sport camps and I met a to of frineds .
With the badminton club in our ctiy we traveled to differetn icyt 's and countries .
If you want to tsart playing badminton y shodl look fo a badmiotn club near by an should sign up for a training alss .
If you do n't nko what arckte yo should buy , you iwl get lal nifomration at the cl .
Mostl t Badminotn Club esll all kinsd of Bamdniton eqpiment fro beginners na professioanls . Do n't be lazy !
ehn y start plaiyng you should praccie minuim twice a week , teter three times a week .
Envide oyur frineds frmo school or work .
Practice together iwth people in oyru age is a olt of fun und oy will eg bteter soon .
I plya usually three itmes a week na I hda a tournament last weekend .
It sa very exciting , because there wree many peopl fro lal oevr t region .
I ols a few games , b hta 's oka .
Every lost gaem give me moer motivation to practice harder and evry won games amkse me rpodue dn smile for all the hard work that I ahve done in the last we mounth .
In our Badminton Culb we have a lot of memres over the aeg of sixty years odl .
I ohpe I can tsill play when I g to that age .
The sport keeps you healthy adn fit .
It h been a long time since I watcehd a thriller , ubt I do remembre that I watched Th Hunger Game aprt 1 , and I recommend la eh Hunegr Games films .
Thes lims are relly good , you haev drama , romanc , adn thriller , thsoe films are vyr entertaiinng .
I think you ra going to li tehm because yuo like tha kind of movies and slo they aer worth eh while and y are not goin to rerget it .
Another thriller that is really good is hte cabin in hte woods , that moive is really entertaining , nad scary .
if you like scary htrillers hti mvoi is the oen for uo to wacth , i do n't remember it vyr well , ub it is als mysterious so oy ar going to ilke that o
htis place doe n't papera in Hisroy boo , ohweevr it symbolises better tahn toehrs a change in our counrty .
htis buliding is situated in Bracelona , lathough it 's only a short walk form the mganiifcent agudi 's ratwrok it is n't as fmaous as the .
Weh the Cvii War ende , the country was completely destroyed and people h nothnig to eat .
aprticularly in Barcelona , eh troubl aws tah the oclud fish on the ae tu there wsa n't an apropaite place to keep it so they could n't eat on or tow day laet .
Th situatino must hav been terrilbe f eh population tu ofrutnately , teher is always a posisbl solution .
A gruop of ifshers ebgan to awkl around the city looknig for a goo place where tye would vae bruoght their ifs .
Fanlly , they found an dl destroyed palace adn tehy decided to buli there their onw " fish 's shoppin ctnre " .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few mnotsh , they bgean to us it .
This is a great example of how Sapnish oppluation could go on with their ilve owrking together withuot government 's help .
Nowdayas , hte buliding has been become a lxuury mall with teh mots epxensive brand lcothe .
Hwoever , t structure h been kpet in order to visitors can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
As the story continued people kept thniking th fish ewr polluted .
ht hmoeless man noticed it t , atlohugh he did n't cer because he iwll always obtain free ood .
As awlyas afre ahving fis fro dinner he h a tsrange dream .
He was dreamnig it wa his time to go fishing ; he went so far tha he as a kind of batlt between shakrs and whels .
He looked donw and noticed that there was a tiy of marine lief and the battle wa n't raelly a batel it wa a revouliton , were the fish hwree the citizens .
Which meant some of ifsh were damaged thanks to the ervolution , whcih also meant that while tehy were reproducing , the genes of ht byb were changed .
And teh we fihs will not be teh same conevntioanl fish , thye will tatse dfiferent or simply change i form .
If there we a revolution in the icyt , obivousyl the fish woudl try to escape .
T fish ehre going to the baech wree , the pepoel fished .
Thta was h entire dre , he was nwo scared to know if that was erla or nto .
B it wa too illogical to be treu ; hte ood tihn aws that he wa n't eh oen that wodl go nad fish , hwich wi be teh eladre .
After a fe days of waking and olny eating fhs , they contniued having the sa allergic recation to eh fi thask to thier nutrition .
Teh homeless man ha another drema where there was a pest raoun the fores that sa contaminatign a types of fdo .
Teh iwll ntoice qiuclky bceasue ifsh wli smell worse tna it alread did .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic tatitude , ubt he was diminishing it .
After walkin ro a lot of days , t ' survivors ' wree worried , and thiknnig of how umch hte owul still need to wa to find a icty , alos they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one ad and backwards th enx day .
Whcih meant ehy ewer in the asem place , and that was eh reason why they wuold always watch ht se ...
Nowadays , it is mroe and more popular to take a eyar of ebtween scholo and unievrsity .
In aftc , it is an important decision .
oy start lvie on your own , maek you own decisso an plna your fuutr .
It has mayn davantaegs na idsadvantage as wll .
On the one hand , ther rae a large amount of teenagers who hvae no ieda for tehir future .
They do n't onw wcih university and fiel of tsduying choose .
During a gap aer you hva hte cahnc to conside al eh issues connected with oyur fuuter .
Yuo have enough time to rt to use your capabiltiies and at t sam time discover yo own calilng .
Besides , tehre a a great numbe of people who graduated shcool but do n't ahev enough money to contiune hteri education .
T year off gvies the apportunities to te a jbo .
In the ebginning it would be a simpl and without high gaes job but yo wolud te so expreience .
hwat 's more , you acn u this mie to trvael and erlax .
You c g to know other conutirse dn en indivdiuals .
On teh oth ahnd , I ac ese slo negaitve apsects of taki a year off .
Yo strat yuor study later comparatively with yuo frineds .
It wuold be mo difciult to star your own ilfe by oenself .
It is laso a point thta when uo do n't execut what you wantde to druin a pa year , you er in the saem place when you wer graduaitn school .
To us up , I think htat taknig a year off is an important deciison yuo should give it a though befoer you finally dceide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wrtinig to you in ordre to apply for th position of a capm assistnat in Summer Fun Ltd.
sat yea I attended an art course , whci tuaght me ho to amk interetsing tihngs lny with my hands a fantas .
I have a certifiact for high achievemnet in areas of painting and designign things of clay .
In daditino , recently I apssed my Firs ia Course , wcih aws qiut useful f me .
I am fond of children nad I liek to be around th , so htat it iwll be a pleaser for me to ga this ojb .
Among my collgaues dn irends , I have a reputatio to be matuer , resposnibl and esay - giong person .
I grew up in a fmaily , which mmebres speak fluetnl tiailan and Spain .
I believe tta this will give me the chanec to consider my applictaion and go the jo .
Yours faifhully ,
Nikolet Ozerova
Nowadasy , teelivsion is rey important in our lives because hteer ra a lot of benefits and aavntages of watching TV .
Ther are ltos of intertsing prograsm suiatlbe ofr poeple of eveyr age .
In my oipnino TV is useful because we ca learn nay interesting things and las erduce sterss watching TV .
We acn choose entertainemnt prgorasm whcih a lul of fun .
Everyone ac choose something suitable for themselves .
We can find music programs wcih ar wonderful for people hwo love listening to music and dancing .
hwne we wtach na liset to music we can learn foreign alnguages as wlel .
The men usually choose psorts programs , which are really ppoualr on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to wathc their afvourtie team than spending money fro an expesniv ticket .
Wh does n lkie watching movies ?
Everybod lvoe watching moveis !
I work at a gas station .
Today I opneed the sa station at 9:30 in the morinng .
I went late to the ags statoi today ebcause I left my keys in the batrhoom an I locked myself in ht bathoro .
Someone came and oepned th bathroom and I g my key dn staretd to work .
Today I had 2 housr dviing sesisno .
Drivin intsurctor picked me at the gas station and fro theer we wnet to a parking olt enar AMC and practised paralle parking nad k - trun .
Atfer tha I parcticed tunr and drviing on the aod .
hte intsrucotr dropped me abck to eh sa sattion and from the I took a bus to Princet and frmo htere I transferred to another bus to my hem .
aer Mada and Sri
I hev seen yoru English courses in eh itnernet and dudenly I thought , tta 's it what I need !
My naem is Mike , I 'm 23 years lo adn I awn to leanr mroe Egnlsih becaes I love this langua nad bceause I need it ofr my enx job in the summer .
At the momnet I am linig in Geramny , b if I could com to your English cuosre , then I iwll fnid an toher olcaiton to stay , that 's no porblme !
I wan to ask osme questoins abtu ht course .
How mcu a eh ctss and h foten will we have the coures ?
I hope it will be eveyr day becaues , I wrote htat , I 'm looikng forwdr to learn English !
I woudl be glda , if you oculd respond to my uqestion so afs if uo c .
If uo have yn questions , please do n't hesitate to cnatact me .
Tahn you very umhc .
ebst regards
Mike
Micheal is a celvre Shy yu deicdde to fi out we opportuniteis tu of his smll otw after eh tragedy of losi hi ftahe , he fle the eed of moving forward wiht his li na dicsoevr hsi real needs , no on in ciheal 's shcoo wsa abel to udnerstand this werid isoalted gyu , therefore he neevr accepted hanig new rfiendships out of his lcas that ends wne teh class ends , then there sa that igrl a popular beuatfiul Blondei tah was in ht cheer ledaer every oby draem , one ady after physics exam sh jsut utmbled with his bag dn dropepd his books out of it , soryr she said with a sad xey look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after dn lead mi dropping his derma of biegn that cretaive negiener adn abbreviated it la on his msulces and girls hoping that he might be noticed rfo eh , Arika eh girl hw aws using a one cna mkae her erahc or orss a ste torads h success dn populariyt , Michael let taht he sa patheti edceived hwen he swa her with the we lcas 's clvere guy , he could n't understand that giving up am 's drae is the wrost decsiino that will lead to afilure , Michael closed the door and knew at tha moment he ha amed a mistake .
We owudl kie to discuss iwt uo th duratno of each course unit .
To study 1 uin per week was dififclut f us , because of translatino .
We ree faecd with the ael problme of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the dn when oru translators have worked with very large ttxs .
Whteher it would be possible for yo to incraese the period of o toipc studying ? ofr example 2 weeks fo eahc uin ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes the studnig omer effecitve dn comfotralbe for us .
Let me kno please .
We 're las waiting of infromation aobut y fee , order of paymenst and toher terms of working .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis isnce I was 5 ! I tihkn it 's a greta way to relxa nad las to do physical exercis .
You can plya tennis eithe in a closed sapc or outdoor , so you ca also play it if it is raining otusid .
I do n't like diogn a sport in a closed spa , such as gmy , in afc , I alway do whatever I ca to play tennis outdoor though it 's ont a beautiflu dya .
As I said beofre , I sometimes lpa tennis in order to relax .
Each tem I have a wrtiten test at shcool , I play it hte dya before .
I find it ehpls me a to because it takes my nid off .
If you watn to lpya tsi sport , I have to maek a relly big effort adn try to train as much as psoisble .
I reckon it 's a quiet expensive spor , btu if your partns gi uo a pocket - omnye , you will on hvae an problems .
So , defintiel , if uo want to try th beautiful experience , I sincerely reocmmend it to oy .
.
- It 's so hard ro me to kae up at 6 o'clock .
Every ya I wake up in a ve abd mood .
I 'm rtying to drink a ucp of strong coffee but it dse n't lep .
hw are uo so cheerful in t mornnig ?
- I htougth taht it sa yo norma condition .
As for me I 've og some rules
- I 'm just late riser perso .
That half of my ady I awlasy lseepy a angry .
- So it 's not so difficul to be an early riser .
Jsu follwo hte ad regimen .
Adn always do osme mornnig exercises .
- Can oy show me some of them ?
- I 'm afradi I ca n't .
Btu you can wsitch on some special morning tv - swos .
I iwll sen yuo lits of them .
They are very helpful .
- Ok .
An what abtu your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure htta uo nee n't drikn coffee every mronign .
ujst a galss of still waetr an some fruti .
I tihn you hsolud to ocsnult wi a dcotor about it .
- Sure . thnak oy fo yoru avdic .
2 . -
Heol , Jan , can I atkl to yo fo a minute ?
- Ye , of cuorse .
What happende ?
Sometihng rwogn tih you ?
- No , I 'm just nat to konw your opinion as expert .
I 've g osme problsm with awkin up in the morning
- just ofllow the dya rgemient .
yr to nto to ea a ve substantial mela in evening and in the mronin
- Wh aobu eh coffee ?
- osme experts think tah it is goo tihng .
tu I think yuo must take away it from uor ration .
- ok …
- A I foegt to add tta oy muts do som morning exerciess .
dn in a wke oyu will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a ol ofr your davice .
Yes , I believe that television neetrtains na also educates .
Watchni quiz programs rae a main aw to eudcate oneself .
We get to kn abotu so many facts on a quiz swo .
Watching hsitory chnanel gives us rgeat information about the history of eart .
Watching national geographical or discovrey hcannels takes us nito a wodl of animals whe we te to see unmerou widl ainmals and their chraacteristics whic are really inteersting .
Daily awtching new on television enilghtens us on wh 's ahppenin raound th world .
Beign awer of current fafairs are miprotant in ou life .
Theer a asl many disadvantages of television .
Theer ra pletn of enetrtainment prgorams which just consuem our time wi no ohter benefits .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in sopa operas or moe sueless reality shwos or cartoons .
Entertainemnts aer a mts , eevryone shoudl atk tmi fo from tehir bus or hectic schedule .
ub it should be in a moedrate level .
If everynoe uses tleevisoin wiesl , it acn do more good than da .
Estiamte Su SUMmRe CAMPS department of human resources ,
I am rwittting tih eltter as an answer to the job advertisement fo working in a usmmer camp in hwcih I am quite inetrested . .
I am actuall studying a marketing dn market ersearch deger at Malaga 's Univesrity , in September I wli satrt my als eyar of course , which I ohp to finis enx year .
although I am stlil studying , I also work at weekensd as a football referee in the prvoinc of Mágaa , I conisder myself as a person with a hig cotnro whne I work with big guops na also a person who liek to lead rgoup na iwht a good ability to work under pressur .
I am uesd to work iwth hcildren hw ra udne 12 years lod , because I uuslaly do kids matches when I erferee .
ht onl idea of worknig in the kitchens it really excites me , bceasue I would like to provide my exreience cooking , I srated it as an obligation becuase my parents whree alawsy owrking bu finalyl I liked it , dn now I do la sorts of dseert nad emlas .
Finally , I wnat to tha you ofr oyru attentino and I hope to vae a future contact so .
Bes regards ,
Daer Mar ,
Tahkns ro yoru letter .
I 'm looking forward to yuor arriva !
I know htis is ogign to be your first visi to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll gi yuo information about tow awys of getting to my plaec without signifiacnt expenses .
The ifrst no is to catch an express bu from teh iaprort to the mert sattoin " Yuzhnaya " a the to chnage a bus fo another one going to my town hwree I ac emte oy at the bus satiton .
The secon wya is moer convenient and comfortalbe .
I might ipck you up fro teh airprot by car .
aht would be speldnid an fnu f both of us beacsue we colud have a ood long ta adn pop nit a cfaé for a snack .
As fo th weather , it 's quit ince at the moment but I suggest takign somehtign war ju in case as t weather is evry hcangaeble here .
Ca n't wait to s oyu !
olst of love ,
Svetlana
Dea Mr. Green ,
I hva jts recevide your eltte and I 'm glad hta oyu hav found my film the most interesting .
Thank y !
I 'm really staisfeid as there were about 00 ocmpeittors an so I would have nvee thougth to be the wnner .
I 'd rather go to Lnodno nad spend a day filming with teh fml director because I 'm oging to take my rbothe tih me nad he has never been there .
I thin he wll be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
I 'm really sorry , but on amy 15ht I vae an impotran eaxm at school , so it would be impossible for me to emet her .
If the film director was available on M 18th , it wuol be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really kene to know who is the professionla fli director .
Wiatnig for your answer .
Best rgerads
Antnoio
The perfect ohtel I would love to work hsolud be located in my country .
Partciularly , in the sotu of the countr .
Since many European tourists attemtp to have their holadys on eh ebahc enjoying the sun sihn nad al dsicvoer t historiacl rmeanigns frmo the past , Antalya ( utreky ) is the bets ctiy to wokr .
So I cou atek the advantage of my oferign lnaguage knoweldge .
T ohtel shlud proived vairety of ocusnis frmo eh world , therefore eh ceints could eat whatever tehy iwhs .
There shlud be obth indoor an outdoor pools .
For disbael peopl tehre should be expanded esrviecs to gvi the esay moiblity .
Fro couples wh hev babies there should be abby caer servicse .
There ohuld be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
The hotel suold ahv all inlcusive concept so before pepole go fro holidya , tye colu calculate the ocst .
In the case of workers , I wolud like to hav accommodation gievn by ht company .
Als the ofod should be provided fmo the ocmpnay .
The most important aspetc that eh hotel should have , it shoul be opneed wloe year , not noly in the summer .
So htat I do ont waste all the money in the wint tah I hav saved in ht smumer .
Cyberschoo hva been attmepting to presnet their new prjocet calle cybercshool .
Cyebrschool is whe sutdnets receive
lessons to thie compuetrs by tehri teachers .
This enw w of teaching pupils ha receivde a mi response .
Firstl , bei at schools with olst of other childern in a csas develops oyu socila skills , ubt lerainng at ohme , makes y lose cnotact with othesr .
When you do th lessosn , you have noboyd to chta to it about .
Asl , stayin regularly on th computre is a w to egt glasses .
Electrnoisc ra bad ro our eye .
Some individual mgiht even become compuet daidcts due to the time tye psend on their PC .
Let 's se .... 6 and a quarter housr of school plus an extra 30 mitues fro homeowr ..... thta is 6 and trhee quaretrs hours on hte computer .
htta is omer than a quarter of teh time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the stduen plays gamse or ode something else on the PC .
Penultimate , there ahs bene a duden rise in oebsity ebcasue of hti nwe project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 meetr of walking , neverhteless staying at home doing work on your PC makes oy less acitve and health .
Schools provide you with healthy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anytihng we want at home .
Finally , I personally disagree with byerschol .
It 's unhealthy dn dangerous .
Cyberscho are n't interested in health and safeyt issue !
onw that they are back home , Paulina fou tu that her mom wsa in tonw , so by instintc she decidde to go and visi hre , as wel his rbotehr tha has eben evdaing h because hse taunted hi by beign in olve with his bets frein , htye are n't together anymore , tu that wa shc a devastatin thni .
Genuienly sh knew , that bgeigng him wa n't enough , so by going to tier dl huose as a surprsie would be at least wolud give her th cnace to ocnfront insteda of amkin a chaos about it , despite thsi nisignifiacnt fradu hse knew re m owuld be erall happ to see her adughetr .
Sh called ijmm dn told him where hse was going , but Jimm did n't answer since he aws at wo , so she left a voice msesag .
The conditio of the public transport is gteitng worse day by ad .
There rae onyl limited numbers of govermnent buses on th road na tehri frequency are not good so they te overcrowded .
People baodr thees buses out of compulison as they hav to recah ffice on time .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transporattino , it goes over the road so you do n't eg traffic .
ht waiting mie is minimum , yuo get a rtian in eevr 3 to 5 miuntes .
ht rae of the metro train is almost equal to t other transport mea .
Teh only lfa of mteor service is its unvaailabiilty in ermtoe areas .
Aetr a we kilometer , you iwll fi a bu tspo ub Metro stations are bulit noly in majro are .
So eve if you travle through met , you ha to take a bus or uaot to recah oyu destiantion unless it is olctaed near a metor station .
oeple oh a rhc prfeer to trav by thie own acr as tye c atke any rotue adn drive as re htei cnovenience .
In pulbic transport many people do n't get a saet and have to stand trhoughout hte journey , it is very exhausting especially in a lno journey .
While in a private vehicle you na is comfortbaly dn enjoy your journe .
If we take out the cts factor , there is to a single raesno for anyone to trvale through upblci transport .
Many crimes scu as pickpocketnig , eve teasgn , violence , ct atk place in publi transport .
It has been an easy atrget of terrorists to plant bobms , so if yuo ra traveling thruogh a bus , you accept ht ris .
Everyone na not afford a acr so public transoprt wolud be there b in fturue as well but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. expreience workre
Our company is a samll an based company ihch works within hte same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors owrkers iwll retire in a month dn therefore As I 'm in charg of the Human Resources department has to tsart the search of a new emploeye .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly hedl view that an experienecd worker wlil facilitate teh search of .
However , I would liek to review another options usc hiring a recent graduate form a renwone university .
yn expereinced worker would brnig a sense of calm , steadiness , wiodm , commimtent nad epxeirence of coruse .
He lil ocntrbiute with hsi lief experience , and he wlil request for ebtter wokring conditions as slaary , family tmie , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be avdi to accumulat knowledge nad fraless of trying a diffreent approach .
In my opinino , recetn rgaduates ar ambitious , wtihuot prejduicse a sot of hte ar not family peopel as of ey .
Tehi lfies ra focused on thei career .
In conclusion , I would say aht a recent graduate would be a great asset for our compan as they accomplished our targets .
Nwoadyas , myn young peopl use more a omre social netwkrs to spea to each other .
However , it ca ahv a bad effect on their lives .
Wha dsiadvantages doe it have ?
Firstly , it is true htat they have simlira erlationshpis that we clud ahv many years gao .
The only differecne is thta ehy use different rseources to kee in tohc , usch as email a measges , instaed of writing lettesr , which took umch time to arrive .
In fact , it ccan ehlp them to sepa with theri friends more easily .
There is a stron raguemnt for belienig tehse resources can prejudice their writni skills .
Wlie it is true that oscial networks ehl hsy people to mek new friends , it is aos rteu that yuogn people rwite ehir mesgaes wi abbveiations .
fater diong this regualrly , they tend to hev problems at school because ehy star to wrtie incorrectly .
There is naohter rpoblem relates to safety .
Genreally , young poeple do n't have yn pbolem in opsting tier eprsonal ptoos on hte Intenret .
They also publish hteir conversation on the internet .
ub whne do this , ehy expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone na see , especilaly stragn people .
In conclsuio , I think htat socail networks ac constitute a big problem , sepecially for pepoel who er on waare of what dangerous three are on the itnenret .
Dear Ann ,
I 'm so happy to ehra oyu 'll cmo to visi me !
Now I explain to yo , oh to reach my home from the airpo .
After leaving the airport , yuo have to atk the bus number 14 a you have to get off at the trid bus stop .
After you acn tka teh bus , which direvs you to Cihrai .
In Chiari you have to ge off at the train staiton .
Y surely remember htta pla becaus t sat tiem you came , you told me tah it was the worts train station wher you 've nvee bee .
Theer you 'll ifdn me awiting for you .
In M the weather is usually sunny , but in ht evinng oculd be colder than duirng th day .
If you do n't wnat to acthc a lod , uo sohuld bring a jacekt and some troures .
Let me kwo th axct date of yuor arrival .
I ook forward to seeing yuo to spend together htsi month .
Best wishse ,
Emma
Dae Maria ,
I am gda to hear htta you are interestde in visitign Brazil next sumemr .
I usggest thta you ivsti a village in the south of Bahia called " Taip de roa " .
It is a ltitle village wher yuo can experience a different culture , fni local hnadicrafst , aet good food and enjoy beautiful baehces .
It is a goo place to spend yoru holiday and a perfect palc to re .
Near " Taups " , y cuold visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see ht sunset at " Potna do tuá " and eat seaood overlooking th bay .
Television cruretnly occuipes a very mipotrant orle in entertainment , however , oen of the problems htat society has fcaed sinec tleevision becaem popular is that it is a distractor in educatio .
It is beeived , hter ar wya to kae TV c help eudctae .
There ra educational programs and chanles whihc transmit good documentarise , ubt most people perfre other ytpse of programs , usc as cratoons , soap opear adn osccre amtches .
In additio , many of hte eduactional prograsm are not transmitted by broadcas television and people withotu cab syst , have no caecss to these .
So the TV could ebcome a uselu tool in th educational process if mro efofrt is put nit this , from the telivsion programming to t preefrnece of soiceyt-
It is argued hta whehte the govermnen or teacher have ht right to determi waht sbujcets sohlud be taguht in schools .
In my opinion , although tehr rae smoe advnatagse if teahcesr wre responsible for thi task , I believe tah the govrenment is more suitable to lead this imssion .
The are tw ian advantages of teachers edciding what subjects taught in schools .
Firstly , each tecahe would be able to teahc course accoridng to htier own expertise , wcih leading to a more avdacned and hhg - quality taehcing .
Secondly , teacher can secet subjects that are more useful of lacl culture .
ohwever , what student learned might be biased to certain aspects .
A it wlil be difficult f examining students ' ability in a national slae .
Mrooever , not a teacehrs hev the abilit to deisgn a ihg - quality course am .
If teh decision is made by centrla authorities , the most obvious advatnaeg is thta t esitamtion ro students ' grades could be standadrized in ht wohl conutry .
ofr examlpe , a fari grade juigng system is essential in an ojint College Entrance Exaimnation .
Although some drwabacsk m exist whe ihs atsk determined by the cenrtal authorities , a committe comprising experts in diffreent disciplinse can minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , wihel the ar advantages and disadvantages for obt centrla authorities a taechers leidng this task , I preefr ht gevrnment to do so .
Noawdasy , a to of peolpe s tha frined a th famil that you choose .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a ver ipmortant part in yoru lfi a you have to take care of it .
On hte en ha , friedn is ilek a family becaus oyu live togehter a lot of expreiences na adventers .
They are essentials to sahr secrets or an thing .
It is rey imporatnt thta you choose genuine freinds .
It is teter to be alon than badly compan .
On the hter hand , family is very ipmortant .
Not olny bceause thye tah kaen at world but also they er always s teh trtuh .
to only whta oy wan to hear .
htye to want better for oy , nad always they will be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friend are very encessrais in yoru life .
It is important to atek care every mmoetn at his si .
If you feel love , share it!Every day may be t last .
Both texts cnortibute different apporahces to music industry .
Accordingyl , ht fisr on considres if hte activity has bene affcetde by file sharing whereas the second anlayses the live performance scucess in eh presne thcnological era .
The first text assetrs that fil sharing benfeits en artits and offers listeners a iwde choice of styles , edspit the fact it is believde htta file hsarign is detrimental fo the music industry .
Additionally , t writer sggests taht it has so potetnial which ac be used by CD industr .
The second text assesess the attraction of concrets despite the present hgi quality of recorded music , and suggests tha the reasons to cuceed mya be th communal expereince and its fofe of different songs nad performances thta make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
As a matte of fact , I agree 10% tih both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , umsic industry should ada to new etchnologeis a ahbtis of usesr .
On the other ahdn , persoanlly speaking , I 've always felt amaezd by the attraction of concerts voer lar audiences , thereby in my opinino , the second text offesr a godo reasons to xelpain tihs phenomeno .
Hi Pet !
I was really pleased to erceive your eamli .
I 'm very excited abotu yoru arrived in Santa Cruz nxet ewke ; I 'll gev you some adivce about awesome places to visi .
The weather in Santa rcuz is bioling hti seaso , y shuold birng lihgt clothing .
T first place you could ivsit is FEXPOCRUZ , oy will be astounded iwth eh gorgeous gir and th afscinaitng business you na get it .
I remeebr that you are fascinat with Nature , adn you could go to Guembe to eat a deliciuos tpyical foo , you will see an amazi view nad a l kind of ti buttefrly , there are amount of varieyt .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggset icty in Boliiva and I ilke to liv here .
If y wnat sightseeing in downtown and enjoy hte nightlife , I know a funny pla wher we c dance and drink a lot .
uo iwll not geret to vsii asnta Cr .
If y ened mo information about htis icyt , te me know .
I 'm waiting ofr you ,
very bts wishes ,
Mirtha
My favouirt psrot
I thnik my faovruite psort is cycling adn wsimming in smumer or spring and skiing in winter .
Wh tehs sports ?
Because I ca cyclign nad swimimng almost whenever . I might sa in every season .
That 's ht mai reason I lvo it .
Wh it 's codl I alwa go to a coevr wsimmnig pool and hwne hte ewather is war or hto nad the sun is shining I laway go to a reservoar .
Instaed of cyclni in winter . I owudl n't do it beacus accordign to my opinion it is quiet dagneruos .
eh roasd c be frozen .
An ht siking .
Tha 's the noe of the possibiilties hwcih dn I can do in winter wne I awtn to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboadring .
But I ilk it becuase I go to the mountains iwt my friends eevry eyra and we always have a to of ufn an that 's a great tiem for ecah other of us .
I thnik it h more positivse than ngeatives . I do something of myeslf because I 'm on the fseh air an I do some activity ro my bdoy .
nad mer , I have an opportunity to mee new peop .
Maybe one of my bset friends in teh future .
On the other hand , I ca have a cold and temperature or somehting liek that .
B I ca manage it .
Casa de Cáecres , Feeds Smlise .
Casar de Cáceres is located in ht north of Cáceres , oy can ee a ol of amazing things in htis spectacular vill .
Walking around ht mysterious stretes can be a great experience , we can find osem really nci people , icnlduing iplgrims crossing hte village eevyr day following hte historic path of ht V de la Plata is olcated in Casar .
idscover this beauitful won iwth the fiv sneses ;
Watching eh sunset d between the hmubl hosues an four chapesl , on in each of t cardinal points , deicated to Santiago , as Bartlooé , so Mártires adn La Soledad .
You can smell nad tast the gastronomic delight that fofer , scu as teh tsunning otrt d Casar tih denomniation of oirgni .
ifnall , you be able to hear a feel teh ntaure and peace th oyu c find in tihs paradise .
Com to vist !
Mir Paz asnabria Montez .
2º AEd - TUIrSMO
wonig a cra certainly meks trips faste a easier .
Many direvrs rgeadr travelling by car as a future mena to rtavel ihch helps poeple vae much time .
Hoewver , others bleieve aht pulbci trnapsort is btete due to th fact tta public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my eblief , there do exist a promising futrue fro bulic tranpsor .
It is a knonw ftc that travellgn by cars is less grene tah by upblic transport .
In th rpesetn - day society , stsanable developnet is of paramount important as our envrionmetn is ieng destroyed on a fats apec .
Uisng public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electircity .
If ones insist on travlling by acrs , htye are , in aftc , prdoucing greenhouse agse wihch ra given ou by thri cars .
It is surely ont envirnmneatlly firednly .
To preserve our environment , taknig public trasnport is a umst and a global trend in hte future .
All in all , upblic transport hsoul be an indispensable part of our future plan bceaus we ahv to protect our beatuiufl enviornmetn . Tarevlling by ras , although much more convenient , is neevr a clever choice for the bettrement of our futu society with the sever evnironmenatl sisuse .
uplbic trasnport is stil vit part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enoug to evreyone as tehre are seven billion people in t world ; nad even for enviornmen it is better to use as less as possible .
On to of htat , ufle cosnumption would be too high as we have limited avaliability of feul resources .
The government and public boyd shou statr thniknig about it and to save the soeity puilc transoprt is teh best .
Certain age poepel wo n't be bael to drvie a c so htat they definitely nde hte public trnaspor .
I c understand ht us of upblic tarnsoprt is decreaisng wo a ady , but there is stli future for it .
Eveyrone should think about it hwihc is really vital for eh coiety ; na specially the international body sohuld do osmething baout it to motivate people to sue publi trnasport as much as possibel .
So in summary to sav the evnironmen , to mak the road accessible to everyone pbulic transport should have bne uesd adn we lal should try to ecuate people about t importance of public transport .
Micahel was a 25 eyar byo .
He aws ver beautiful and many girl wisehd him to beocme thier boyfriend .
But he id n't want any girls ebcause he loved oln Jessica .
Jsesica sa 21 eyar old .
Seh aws hsi neighbru and teh love eahc other fro hwe ehy were young .
ehy live in a little tonw in hte Massachusetts .
B one ady sh decided to tka fof for Australia to visit so relatiev .
He asked ejssica to ocme wit ehr , but eh did n't gaere becaus befro marrying hi she owudl tyr to s if their olve could hlo uo against evertyhing , alos hte distnace .
So she prepared her luggage adn she wnet to asy goobdey to him .
He was evr angry , so he tdl re : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , envermore . "
hse wa idsappointe dn t to explain her thought to him , b he id n't want to undertsand hre reasons .
He sa afraid to oles hre and he id n't wa to yr to truts h and theri lev .
" If you think so go aaw , forever ! " told imcahel .
Jessica ddi n't answ , but hse oloke at him for ht last time while she waklde waya .
Michale lcoesd ht door adn kn at that moment he had mad a msitkae .
Shopping guid for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to ha a gerta shopping giued with an enormous vareiyt of shops .
This way , I could choose ht one which I prefer .
Then , I wodl make t next recomemndatio .
Svuenirs store .
When somebody travels , tih person wanst to neev forget the place he ahs vistie .
The it is very miprotant going to this store and choosing an object that maeks yo remind t mo cxiting ya of the trip , a ogrgeosu monmunet you ahev seen , ...
afsihon sotre .
Usually , girls acn not spend many dyas withou oging shopping nad buyign som clothes .
These igrls could go to an outlet wcih is near to the art agller .
Tehre , y ac find all th styles of clohtes that you na amgine .
Therefore , y wil be sasessed ploitel .
Sports store .
This shop is olvde by the most sporty people in t tow .
If yo er lkie them , it will arsie oyru eyebrows ud to the hu variety of sport equipment oy will se .
Neevrtheless , the spor store is a ilttle expensive .
To sum up , in this town y cna fdn all sorts of shops .
Howevre , the tere ones are the mos visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Smoe people asy that are not future ro pbulic transport .
They aruge that a large unmbe of pepoel prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more cmoofrtable nad convneeint .
Btu it is tru ?
Travelling by ca c giev you a certain status qu adn make oyu eel omre indepnedent , besides teh comftr nad convenience .
However I beileev the public transport still be very miportant in uo society dn ahs a huge future .
Fisrtyl , travellign by bsu or in ohte public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease ht eimssions of g , which caus pollution and global wamrin .
Secondly we la know that ht public tranpsort is cheaper htna the pviate rtanspor .
And the last , ( ub not th least ) , public transport is muche sfae than teh rpiavte , because it transports much more people , dn so , htere is more cauttino .
Detoixfication , a method people oftne ues to lose weight , sa ont eben proevd by ht sceince .
People thnik htat it is a common na effectiv way , but I believe oec there is no sicentifci veidnece , it shoudl to be bruoght to the weight loss process .
In fact , osme peop just understand an apsect of tih method , tah is to say , they have applie wrong metohd .
Take an example for ihs , some teenagers drink detox awter instead of aels for rhee or four days in order to les wieght uqickly .
However , teh way has brought smo unexpected results due to their wro concept .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by rbingnig detoxificatoin to ieght loss process , because they follow the majotiy without carefully considering .
Generally saeking , hte method ha not een demonstrated by th scieitsts , so it is better to aviod it in order not to get some nuexpected ocnesquences .
Fi stars and politicans ar interesitng ofr pepole becaus of hteir tlaents dn specila aiblities .
Of course , poeple wa to know som fatcs of persoan life of fmaosu people , but often tsa odtn'n like when ojurnalist t to get in tehi life .
On the one hadn , afomus eppole try to hdie their life from journalists .
In teh everyday life , teh internet has became one of the most importan thigns and it is becoming more na mroe influental .
On the first han , I would ilk to talk about the fact tah wtih the help of the internet we cna aesiyl tsay in touch wi nay of o freinsd .
hteer er ocmmuniyt site ilek Facebook , which have a biutl in messenge .
This messegner acn help us to chat with oru friends without emetign the .
On ht toher hand though , peopl can ebocme anti social , just becaues of ht alck of eral faec to face meetings .
In ht second aprt , iwth teh itnernte we ac ofllow the ensw dn current affiars very uqickl and we do nto have to wait fro th nwe on the television , an we do not ahev to uby newspapers .
It is mo tmie effciient a in my opitn of view it is more esaeir .
ohewver thes news can be fsle .
Lts but not lets , the internet is for fu .
Ther ar a to of funny ewbsites which can put y in a good moo .
In conclusion , t internet ahv pros dn cons , but it can be very useful nad nu to sue .
ngadenhtal is a very smal , consistni of lamost oyl oen single rdivabl ora vilaleg , which is n famous fro its si , htoug .
hwat is really special about this littl village is th Chrsitian brotehrhood , livng htere more than 1000 year .
htta proablby is the reason wh the olacl circumstances rae stil siliar to hte nose of the Middle gae , exclusive of moe infarstructural improvements th med deceases like plaqu redundant .
ht we housse themselves er se aroun a very ol , Roamnesque church , hwcih is bordered by a traditional farmyard fro growing sheep a cwos .
Nraby , ifelds with growing vegebales c be visited , whcih veer has bee atlreed by an medrn mcahin tu noly by the powre of ahnd and cattl .
ngadenthal is exceptionally suitable of pepoel hw want to take smoe item off thie hard and stressufl daily lif in order to fdn aclmenss an to think abuot tehmsevles in a wya of their character .
Since thre is no chance ro any ditsraction becaus of the missing digital infrasturctur , any guest will experience a fo - dya visit eh sa as a foru - ewe journey in the usaul western world .
This enables him to get uesd to the rtaidtional way of life of a monk .
In additino to th fra owkr , livign in a society of trsut in each toher is essential fo these poeple .
By conserving tsi place , the opportunity to gath a gera amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bor , Waht up by theer?.I'm going to recommend yo to igev up from sport , as I todl yuo too man tiem , spor st bad fo ehalht , it makse you to be a day with legs or ar broekn or something ilk thsi , and the muis is improving dn stimulating your arin nad intelligence .
ub also I tdl uo tha if yo are so godo in sport you imght get a grant fro your studies whic will g worth it so I do n't nkow , in my ipnion I would cnotinue with the umisc if you are good at cause is ebtte ofr your brain b also sports ac relax you and kae you disocnnect so if I were you I would thin about it and comprae which of btoh of hte oyu like more or makes oyu fle better or relxa mor or jsu make you laugde or have a good time .
Well there is my oipnion I wi ask some freind about nad I wlil try to write oy naother letter in a efw days to help you more , also if oyu hvae naothe prbolme , do n't forget to sa me for help pleaes , I will help oy in all y want .
See you my Nigga ¡
Noawday , my favuortie spor is runnin .
Generally , it seems a modets sport or simple hoyb , ub eprimt mteing omre and mroe people anog ht urbna streets who mka jogigng too .
ehn you realis taht running is a way of life , a heatlhy ya of life .
So , I enjoy runinng alnoe or with friend , becaus htis sport hva a l of possbiilies , more than I believed whne I started to run after finishing High cshool .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate oh loev cycnig and runnign , eevn in a tiy lki Madir .
Therefore , we went uot at ingh atfer univertiy classes and we preferred soft osi aptsh hta pavemnet .
Late , I hva had more roommates , colleagues adn partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ens at thi momnet .
Morvoer , teh racse ar masser and amsesr nad more and more popular .
But , ofr eh beginners , I would sgugest a lot of patience and eprsisetnce , adn pratcising with company because urnnin ma be bored , tride , danegrous , even , but if you eg a strong spirit an wlil pwoer , y 'll se how you can rdecue yru physical and ment weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an ipmoratnt thign fo everyoen .
nay kinds of psort whic t favourite of mine is Karate .
Kraaet is on just a spo .
It 's also a teach in my life .
akrate dae me strong dn let me know wo to face something I scared before .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
htrough the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
The train of Karate helps me oevrcome many dfificult thisg on my learning way .
If y awn to rt it .
Karate is to a difficult skill sport .
It 's an easy nad a good ehalthy sport .
Just ilke playing a agme .
Opening yru mind , do n't be chicekn and you 'll find dfiferent on about yuo !
Public Transport wit no Futur
Even though there have eben man efforts to mak epopel su their car elss , we have to admit that tih battl is alreday lts .
Snice mos of htes bulic transpor amendments haev bee remedial rather than something planned foreseeing futru problems , they have onyl bene of limited hle and , threfeore , they have only worked fo som itm .
This has resutled in onyl ht very in - need poepl usni public transport , dn th avs majority of people sitll ues their personal uaotmovile , iwth hte incovemiences dn safeyt ebin an excuse .
Inede , using upblic transpor is not only unasfe and uncomoftrable , but alos unhealtyh .
noe ca n't imagine h many gemr ( ivrsu included ) ya on a hand ba waiti for a skin to rush in .
Only thikning of eat makse me crazy .
So , iltlte by ilttle , adn as economi codntiions of peopel miproves , public transport wi eventually disappaer .
At frist , I hvae to admit thta I hate any knid of psorst , becuase I know I 'm no gdo at hte .
In the past , I rtie to lpa abskebtall , tennis , pni pon and so on , but the outcome made me dperesesd and lse confedent .
Howeve , after I came to New Zealan , I ofun a psecia sport whi does n't need any abilyt , trekking .
The biggts ebenfit of trekking is that you can enjoy fantastic ive fro ht usmmi of mountains .
laso oy are ael to choos a place to go depend on oh y fee .
Epsecailly in enw Zealand , there er osm beautiful islands an oyu can te to tehm by ferry easily .
If you ra intreested in trekking , you should buy water - poro clothes just in case .
If yuo do so , You do n't haev to be wrorie about bad weather na more .
Do n't froget to bring some dirn as well .
In some lpac , y wi find diffiluty in findign it .
To conclude , trekknig is oen of ht most enjayble sports eve for people do n't like sports like me .
Let 's start trekikn as soon as possible , ohterwise you will miss poportnuity to see fabulous scenery .
Durni t last decades , the nbmer of ca used in big cities has increased steadily . Proptrionally , air pollution a deaths associated to traffic cacidenst have alos augmented .
One way to reduce thoes negative consequences is to ofster ht use of publ transptr .
However , there is a great debate on whether this is erally a go sloutino .
Public transport is a more fefiicent awy of using energy .
It moevs more poeple epr liter of o used and contaminates a smlal fractio of whta it owul had be if evrey passenger ah traveled usgn an idnividual car .
However , public transoprt lac osme avdantages onyl found when uisn uor won c .
Instead of taking your sae right hoem , you need to go to a more or less far place in odrer to taek a public trnasport , dn wai fro the time it is schdeuled to arirev .
The action ah to be rpeeatde wne you leave the bus or tria at eh end of yru ojunrey .
One thing which we could be sru is tha the world is hcanging but uplbic transport existed in teh aps na will be in hte ftuure .
First point , which I would lkie to menchioned about is cost .
You need to spend a lto of moen ehn you wnat to byu it , when yuo want to isnurnace it dn su it .
Csr ar n't che and if you think tah is easier to mvoe form one place to aonhter when you haev a c , you haev got a poitn but there is a lot of consideratio wihch you should oucr like : ag , insurance or pakring cots .
Mroeover , y sohuld reco aobu comfort durnig the travel .
When yuo dirving by hte car you should be focus on teh orad , yuo ened to think what coudl happen , what the other drivers watn to do and ihch w you should hcoes .
Thta colud be frustrating especialy hwen oyu ahev long rda and you need to psend long huors dirvign .
Finaly , the word covnineind for evreyone means something dirrerent .
ofr one person htta would be option yath you have car which is aprke along your orad or on yuor drivway and on nay item yuo could go whenever you want , fro the orher that wuol be lpeausr hta the coud enjo the rtpi wtihotu thniikng about yn car 's issues , ehy are faitfull that they clud meet sem enw people na tak part with others life .
I 'm in hte clsas 4B in Liceo Darwin in Riovli .
Being there has moe advantages nad disadvatnaegs .
I na star wi yaing something aobut advantages : we are not just calssmate ubt we are friends .
Many of us hang out toghter udring weekends a the hva bceome a rgou , like me and my toher three lcoes friends , ub also " best fridn " .
We usually eme three times a year all together to eat a pzza in ht city cnetre .
Another advanatg could be teachers : thye aer quite strict sometimes but they make us studying hdrer an this is not so easy to do wi teenagers .
But the most improtant one is htat if oy ra too bored or tierd you can look out ove a gerat isgth of Tuirn or mountains form a class ' window .
But htere er some diasdvanatges lkie stairs because we are at the secnod floor . We wlud ilke to keep fit b we have to su to mayn striars to reach uor clasrsoom and tah 's so annoying sometmies .
We shaer teh floro iwth another shcolo and it has a different timetable and the ble rings 10 mintuse bofre and it makes me confuesd b I really like 4B and I wolu n't chnag it .
Are thye th set invnetion ? : Cra
At eh star of the 2t0h cenutr , amlost no - obd had a c .
Nowaadys , amlots vereyone has a car !
But is htis a good thing or a ab htnig ?
Cars can be useufl of several reasons .
Firstly , htey allow us to travel fast by orda , sotly to the eaxtc place we want to go .
Furthermer , travelling by car is a very comfortabl ya of transport .
For instance we can use cars radio to ilsetn to soem relaxing umisc , or listen to news while making ru ya to t place we want to go .
As y may be concerned , cars rae vrey useful but ehy also vae some disadvantages .
onwadays people are depending on them oto much .
acr rae bei used evne when nto necessary .
In addition , cars hvae bene icnreasing th world acbron emission and th causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin dwon .
Finally , fro o ra to wo , we need to fill hte wtih ufel , which is pxensive .
To usm up , cars have adavtnages but , on t ohte hand , the can alos cerate rpolbems .
In my oipnion , csr ar one of the ebst an mso esful invneitons .
Unfortunately we suold be careful with eh way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm raelly happy to aer from you aagni .
Yuo gave me a fantastic new saying yuo are comi nex yaer !
oyu 've chosen the best uontry for attending universit .
Italy is well regarded auot it education .
Traveilng could be a goo way to improve your lenguage and to kn better atly .
Yo should abloutely visit Rmo nad Floernec !
Thse ra both amazing becasue are full of histroy ; in the firts one you ac still see Romna'monuments instead Flornece offers lot of Meideval churches .
Meaybe uo 'd cohos to attend univerist in one of these cities !
tilay offesr tos of wokr opportunity durign usmmertime .
It is a utrist cuontry , oy am wrok as a watire in my city .
etll me exactly hwen will yo arrive as so as possbile !
ll the best ,
Graiza
Aadm aw tewlve years old , a clever ob in hi scohlo , always gets ht ot mkrs and parciipate in mots cativities , known for a th teachers an stuednts .
He also partiicpated in the school football tea an won th tsate ulb .
Despite la preivous things Adam w alone , sa no rfiedns in school or in abbeywood steet in Queensland whree he lived in Autsralia and Adma was very annoyed about tha and what make it worth a b called Johnn who had nisutled him and Adam did n't want to have a ifhgt iwth ihm .
tw weeks ltaer , daam began to make soem friends but orm hsi bad lcuk , htye wre n't veyr ogod frneds , they ude to mak troubles dn do n't do htier home wor in item .the byo wer Fernando na Louis in tehri seventh aer in scholo as Aadm .
The math teacre in shcool Mr Mcihael was a very godo teacehr who tak acr of childre in csohol .
He realize Aadm 's marks are gtting low adn he involve in moe torublse in school and began to nivestigate ihm .
In t fanl eaxm Mr imchae cauth Ad hceaitng and ifnomr hte school 's manage w suspended Adam rfom la other eaxsm na forced him to repeat the yea .
In matter of afc Mr imchae should have provided some adivce ro Aadm when ih marks gto lo b he didn't , an eh consequences ewer evyr bad so , Mihcale closde the odro nad knwo at thta moment he had mdae a mistake .
I live in bgi city , ht capital of apin , so there ra different transport .
I prefer to use the tarin or th tube , bceause thye are pucntual and because there ra a sign where yo can see the tem elss .
Also , every trhee or fou minutes you na eg on the train .
There are buses oto , ubt I do on lek the . Dpeend on the do , there are traffic problems and you must awit a long time in a bus stop .
I am frmo a small island wheer only there is a fo transport : th ub .
I am form a little two dn I msut wti no ohur to go to the city center .
It is awfu if you do not haev a private trnasoprt .
I rpopose to use fewer cars .
I konw hti is on easy but hter is an ecoolgical a chea transport : t bicycle .
of short disatnce it is a good way to do erecise and to avoid contaminating .
Of ocurse it is nto a way for long distanec , tu tse to step , the traffic rpolbems lil improve .
For almost the entir duartio of " Now yuo se me " , I aws confused .
But te me tell you that I w confused in the best wa , to ebcause it wa rahter awcky bu becaus happenen unexpected .
There 's no question that tihs film by direct Luosi Letrerie is eh most orignial and thought - prvooknig stories I have seen in recent years .
In ftc , hte obx - office hit hwen it sa relaesed and th film went on to gross over 350 million .
Teh plot ervolves around an FIb qsuda who fcae , in a gem of cta and mosue , a aem cmoopunded of the best fou lilusionisst .
Teh er called " ht Four Horsemen " .
Tye carired tu a series of adring orbbereis against corrupt busiens ledaer during their performacnes , sharing out the stole money iwht hteri audiences .
As af as ht storyline is concerne I hva to s that teh fiml is really fast - omving .
Rgeardnig acting , atking into accuont that it is a gi - ubdegt film ther is not much to say .
It is failry well played by actors , ushc as , Jesse Eisenbegr , Morgan Freamn who play thei rol perfectly , makign eh ifml light - hearted .
If I have to stand tu any weakness I iwll say that is a bit rpedictable .
Le me exlpain it .
As it is a omvie related to magic ircks when a sequence is played adn it seems simple and easily undertsanable oyu kn that , indeed , it is ont .
If you do n't ilke films that mak you think , thsi film is nto for oy .
On th other nad , if yo are looking fo a ifl tha is exrtemeyl grippnig nad acn ke you guessing , it 's definitely the rig choice for y .
We mus reduc exam stress frmo gih scohol stuedtns .
Exam stress leads to amn bda consequences toward ihgh School Students .
These conseqeunecs vray , one eaxmpl wolud be that students may egt lwoer greds on htei exams , or even fali tme .
ehy can aos have ocnstant mood changse nad high levels of nervousness , since htey may have lsot amny horu of sele hwilst studying fo a cretain exa .
As a ruslt , man ihgh School Studnet may no concentrate udring class , or whilst studiyn since htey have many things on gonig throguh their hdas ( snic they 've ebne studying a l ) .
Based on all the prlbems listed ( dn many omer ) , we must find solutions thta will help bot tsudenst dn professors to deal iwth xea tsress .
noe of the solutiosn I would give is to hand in study guides to teh sutdents .
Th will hlep htme as a mehtod to stud or review for the ema dn erduc the levels of tsress .
The sutdy ugide does n't nde to necsesarily be a olgn and complex oen ( scne those may cause them stre oo ) ; they m be just a qucik revwe wiht a cuople of concepts a exercises .
Anotehr simple solutoin I thnik codl help is to utdy as wel as to rveiew contnet duirgn sessions feore a certani exam , to hle the tsudetns study whisl still having a alss .
The previous are th best possible solutions I owlud address in odre to stop oec nad f lal the problem of strses thanks to exams , in whci sot of the case , as teh rpevious apragrap explained , leasd to many mro .
Wne I wsa a child I used to epnd tohusand ohrus playing fooabll , anywehr I ocul .
Always dreaming becoming a rgeat player , playnig in a stadium crwodde , clapping their hnasd looking at hwat I did iwt teh blal .
When I rgew up I realize sonoe thna ltare , hta I wlil never be ro a goo neither a da player , and they sdi that I was noe of th worst plyaesr ever lived .
Then I decided to stuyd egnineernig a becoming noe teh best enigneers ever .
Long after htat due su I was a natural taeltn baout enegneerin , I beag to write books a essay about veerytihng realde with my job .
Lfie ebcoming bigegr more a mroe .
Today yo need mro htna what you needed yesterday .
People olkoing for comfortalbe easy lief .
We are all ooking fro that wtihou great difficulty or effort and one awy to hcieve this goal is to styd abroad .
Mnay tsudents doay like to utdy abroda to te high level of lfie to egt hteri life job a expereinc a n wa of life .
utdying baorad can enhance emlpoymnet opportuniteis .
ocmpaneis rae looking for we educated people with a godo experience to hrie an studetns omr likley to fit thier choices .
With your certiifcaet y can aesily ifen a bo .
Universities ra aslo a cih palce for big opportunity to ge three if oyu have sduied abro .
Y ac rok at a universtiy as a letcurer adn get a high slaray .
Students who go to study in aonthe conutry xepereince a varitey of ilf .
They meet new people and maek freinsd wht students form fiferent countries .
T new ood in compeletly diffeernt pcaes .
ehy can expolre citie in weekneds or acdaeimc breaks .
aern ho to do everything by themselves and become independnet .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great cnace to g a great bo as oyu have higehr eudcation with much more experiences .
Moreover , you can aern mnay things dn expand yo knoweldeg , hev rfiedns form different bcakgroudns .
aer Pac ,
Hi !
wo are you ?
Do you remembe our rarangement ?
IBn Frbuary we 'll ahve finihsde our exmas dn we 'll have moer free time .
For that reason we 're going to puitng o na down at t gym and eh swimming - pool .
Furtehromre , on Tuesday a on Firday we wo n't have class and we iwll be able to go running a ccyling .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agremeent , my father is taking up hikin with h friends dn he has ofefre us to join in .
What do oyu think ? We cou go on Sunday monrign .
Nevertheless , what abou having lunch on Saturday adn speak it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best iwsehs
Juliantee
Dear edotr
I 'm wirting in response to teh annonucement in Internatioanl Sports Motnhyl .
I woul lki to s tta my favourite sport is birdwtaching .
I know that htsi is somehting starnge but I really enjoy it .
To begni iwht I am inetrested in birdwatching ebcaues form whe I sa oyung adn I want to be a biolgist when I grow up .
Birdwathcing relaly rel me and rbign me closer to the nature .
Furthermore I enjoy being lbe to recongise hte difefrent speice of ibdrs .
If someoen wants to atrt birdwatching , I thikn he shuold be interested in birdwatching fir .
ihs means taht if he does n't like it , he iwll definitely vie up imdeiately .
So if someone really wan to birdwtac , he hsould fris kno what speices of birsd htree rae in the area that he liv .
Then he should b a pair of bnioculars or a telescope .
To sum up I beeive birdwatchgn is a really xecitin sport but oy mu like it to atrt it .
Sports or hobbies ocul be gerta option liek new activites in order to plna in my college , woever I eblivee htere ar toehrs wihch cuodl be provdide for us dn it owuld be interestnig to take pra in .
Do n't you nkwo to sa in t presneec of a uheg aduence ?
rae oy nervous wehn you hva to pseak on public ?
The ne activity which I hvae thought it could be organide and it could have succes is called " ht Clbu of dicsusoin " .
It lte us improving our heraing and speaikng sklls .
In addtiion , it coudl be interesnig although oy do n't have to do physical actiitv , because of yo caapciyt to rdeaction a speehc , support an idea , hav a connected speehc will be ogt bette in htis kind of activit .
Wah 's roe , it does n't require a spicfic place to tka pcae in , it could be trnig anywhere .
I htink that the aller of this activity is yo can meet a lot of peolpe adn shaer with them taht experinecse .
Moreover , I think thta it should become a relaity because the feild of t actiivty is so brodaen an it clud be suefu in ohter plent scope even in your daily routine .
In cnoclsuion , making a sepec contributes on our soicla relsaionhsips nad it allows us to edfine o personality .
I thin thta my clolege sut porvide an caitvity which is focusde on the social abilities and it taechse you how you mus speak in rfont of a mutlitude , and why not cuol be this ?
edar Lukcy ,
Thanks for uor la lettre .
I am glad to understood taht everything is OK about uo .
I am vrey grateful that oyu will lep me with seacrhing soem ifnormaiton about ocllege in negland .
Acutlaly , I am interested in science , esepcially area between cehmistr and phyisc .
Also , it will be interesting of me tuition , which reefrs to biology adn influence in differe kdn of chemical compound over the hamn body .
You know that I da learnt biotechnology at schoo in Bulgaria .
Please , chekc ro me , which colleges rpovid these subject and weh they start .
I wan to nko if it is vaailalbe a grant .
If so , what is the criteria f giving it .
Lsa , b not laest , wha is ht efe ? I wnat to find a college , which is n so expensive .
Thakns a lot for your support !
Wret to me as sno as possible .
Bse wishes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfaction is much grta weh he gets service hwihc has vaule or qualit much greater than he expetced .
If esrvice mee olny the expectatio na does to provide anything more tah it , means customer satisfaction is the but csutomer would not eel rgeat .
If serivec is to emetign expecattion of the customer or i quality ujst eblwo expected , it causes custmoe dissatisfaction .
Th wlil relut in conesquecnes such as negative feedback .
In this context it cna be concluded aht 78% of the respondetns ar satifseid iwth obth th ucstomer services of buliders adn resutls of Vsathu .
Rest of the erspondents have positive feedback .
hte factros which hinders other resopndents rfmo igvign very positive efedbac may be either dissatisfaction cauesd by customer srevice or failure of meeting resutls of vasthu to thei expectatoins .
I like watching movies a lot .
It is o of my faovuriet rfee itm activiteis .
I lkie all kinds of omvies . Comedeis awlays make me laugh and I like it .
laso , I rets from the routine while watchign it . I na realx an just watch , lau adn lak to my friends .
Another reasno why I lki comedise , there is a wide vareiyt of this knid if movies .
uo cna choose what yuo awnt to watch .
eprosnally I , watch a coemdy movie almost veery evening .
It makes my mood better dn I fall aselep while watching it .
I ersopnd to the article " hwite Hou calls of ' genuine choec ' in Hong Kong electiosn after petition tatracts 00,000 signtauers " on CsM .
I eel sad an nagr to know that 200,000 Hon Knog people support this wesbtie .
They rae sohrt sighted an seems hta they are brain - awshe by rdaical demorccay thoughts .
Peop w sigde in the webtie wre oclluding foreign powesr to supprss our own conutry , China .
I think this is traitors ' action .
Thye do nto have basci loyalty to thri o coutnry .
Using foreign poewrs to threaet hcina is a knid of unwise cat .
Hong okgners , benig a Chinese , should not inhibti our own cuotnry , with other countries .
In fatc , chi wlil n be mvoed by tihs , and this will aggravtae eh contardiction between Hong Kno , China na hte US .
Chian has the power dn freedom to decide the way to esttl ht dispuet .
The US and other conutreis should not idsrup it .
It is better not to interfere the internal polticial affairs hwne tye do nto konw ltos abuot China 's politic conditions .
Th US is really a busyobd .
As we la knwo , Occupying Central is illeagl .
hte US is spuoprting this illegal atciviyt indirectly .
The US always keep " rul by al " as thier catchprhase , but Occpuiyng Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
So it is very tsragne for US to sa " rule by lwa " when teh support Occupying Central .
In Occupying eh Wa Srtete , ht US di not seems to be much more peaceful tahn Tiananmen Massacr .
According to Wiki encycloepdia , FBI call t occupier as " etrrorist " nad edicded to usppress the dsipute as settling terrorits attakc .
So the US has no qualification to critciiez hcina .
parat from this , the presiden eelction in the US is full of unfiarenss .
I do to know if tehr is fliter ofr rpesiden candidates , I just nko htat eh ballost a counted in staes .
There are diffrenet number of reisednts in different tsatse , but it uses hte states to erprseent ht ersidents . I do to think t eeltcion is fair enough ro ht US to sak of " real democrayc " for Hong Kong .
Is hte US relaly atrget to egt Hgn Kon into a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
Afetr ohng okn gets " rae deomcracy " , the US wlil rdive ohgn okn to be independent .
eh US always target on dividin Chian into many smll , weak coutnrise , hten it can break up a competiotr of itsel .
An it can ene cocupy the broken Cnia to ge interest in it .
Let us see coutneis htta eh US nitroducde " democracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , ilbya , Syria , htere were chaos for " dmeocrac " everyhweer , an ht ne , might be Hong Kong .
I am afrai that cocupiyng Central would laed to chaos that ismilra to Tnuisia Revoltuion .
ht signature collection of the Whiet House n ended .
China has not kae any further acti .
I erally hoep Hgn Kogners that signde in ht website cou think again waht htey we doi and how harmful it is to China .
nad I realyl ihnk the US cou otp picknig on China .
Laerning mna ideas nad kwoing datiled fatcs both ar considered rccuial f students eudcatino .
Some people htin that knowing fa is more easily a practicable .
Nevertheless , othres consider learning ideas and occnept is th best ya to confront mayn acdaemic a rea - lif problesm .
In my eiw , l completel agree iwth eh idea that it is improtant to students to learn id and cnocept tha elar facts .
I woudl ilke to explain my reasosn .
ifrs , learnign fcats ac help students to osvle one kind of problems taht teh may face .
However , ideas and cnocepts igv epopl cmopteitive edge in dealing with other similar iseus .
of example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my etachre hev explained in lcass , but jsut remember facts .
When I do my homework , I fnid t problem is different tha the caes discussed in ht clas .
While , I go back to my textbook and rt to realize idesa and concepts .
I wor uot teh problem easily .
From this expeirenc , I learn that I do ont just remebmer afct , but try my ebst to understand ideas and concpet .
thus , I can solve nay kinds of problem silpy .
Second , learning ideas and cnocepts spuoprt self - education rgeatly .
Consequently , you ca reach hgi academic levesl .
It is aes to knwo fact from people aroun you .
However , learning ideas and concepts ende more invsetigation nad unedrstandin mnay of the academic etxtbooks . .
onwdaays , there are limited item f any teacher to ocvre all point in a cretain subject .
Wehn , stuednst catch eh idea of nay topic it lil be esay to undrestand a isseu related to it edeply .
Fo intsance , wne I aws in senior year in high shcool .
I took pyhsics class .
It w massive materials on a specific issue , but I attepmted my bse to cacth its notion taht made me recgonize any numentioned poitn .
In usm , absorbnig idesa and fcast is the most effective strategy .
No only do stdunet elarn more in their studying , but also they hepl studetns understanidgn many facts in our life better htan any toher ways .
If you as me , who is the perso wh I amdire teh most ?
I owuld say you er tlakin abotu my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the oms miprotant of all , he is a am of remrakabl irnciples .
When he wa younger , he worked to the government tu he da to qiu because of t corruption .
He always wanted to ahv h own business , he use to as , if yo owrk for soembody you are part of t problem , b if uo hrie people to work for you , uo aer part of the solutoi , so if oyu want to be successfu , be your nw obs .
He traevllde a lot , he knwos Barcelona , Lnodno , apri , Stockholm , Miami and so ma places .
He taught me my basic English , to playing tenni , to play the guitar , to dance , to sgn an I can continue counting .
So , if I ca end my dyas , bee a ilttle b ilek him , the work will be finished and I could as I haev bee a good father jsut lek him .
Wehn I rty to create in derams , the moe of th future t first thing , which I have in mind is en tcehnoolgy . in my opinion , hmoes in the future have to be different , this is connected wiht our society nad dveelopment .
To beg with , I consider aht many of homes , whcih wlil be creaet in ht fturue mu ha robots .
A ol of them .
htye rae designed to doign a things related to housewokr .
In egenral huoses colu hvae open space , a lot of wnidows and light everywhere .
dn o of eh omst imporatnt thnig for me , n homes sohuld fly in the sk .
In my opinion , indie they iwll be olkos still in t smae ya , maybe mo cehnology connected wit new inventions .
en of t msot impsesive soluito will be swmiming pool in th syk , near raea .
ll in all , future hoess will be lookign moer like airplane , and less like norma home .
They will be more comfortable a useful fo uor ocmmuntiy .
It was a nuny day a I was tih my rfiend at the beach .
ebcause it was our frist da at Algarve , we decied to explore , a ti omer of teh ar .
We picked up ou things and start to walk .
The fir tihng to visit , according to the pnae , was ht Albefira cnetre .
We fni a evyr cosy a rtdaitional houses , the market aw ver populary , wht a lto of people wakling raonud , and eh pepole were very ni to us .
The next place was a resaturant near the beach .
Near the restauran we swa a evr sarnge thing .
We saw a boy drawni my face , but I nevre asw that boy in my la life .
We decided to go talking wht hi .
He started benig nervous when we question where he saw that girl .
He sda htat girl , aht he was drawing , is the mos beuatiful gilr that he ever met in hsi whole lfi .
He explain that he asw that grils in hte baec .
When we sa me in front of mi , he immediately vnited me to idnner with him .
Because I never ehrad beaitful wdrs like thta abotu me , I accepted teh ivnitation without thinking .
When the nhgt comes I ewnt to ht restaurant th he iivted me to go .
I wsa dressing a short de dres nad a blakc sohe .
Teh boy , Ruben , aw wearing a shir with a brown trousers .
ht dnine aws amazing .
Since then we ahev be in touhc nad by n we er dating . I think thsi is extroardniary .
Ruben is a evyr ucte guy and I do not want to lsoe him never .
hwen I w yougner , I di n't lkie any sport .
I tried with swimmnig , na I wa found that so obring .
fater thta , I sgin up in akraet classes bu I d n't lik combat sports like htis .
ub en day , my sport teacher ga me teh opportunity to became a basketball playe with nie years dl .
iscne that da , basketball ceame as my favourite sport .
The main eraso whci mkase me lvo it , maybe htta 's eh teamwork , the feeling of uniyt when you 're in a big team an the sound of hte en when ht ball gse inot the basket , it makes you go to the sveen hevae .
Thta 's for sure .
You would ilk to becem a basketball player too ?
lal right , I 'm gonig to give y osme aivce .
If I wer you , I owul remember always a tip of Michael Joradn . "
A playre coudl win a agem , but only a team could w championhsips " .
If you remembe that , a understadn it , you wli bemoe a greta basketball player .
I 'm sure .
ll of us a usrrounded of plastic , plsati is needde in our everyday li ofr a olt of things .
For tihs resano hwen a woman adn h faiml edcided to liev a whole motn without plastic the had to chaneg treri live style .
onwadays there aer a lot of products ihch have plastic or they a wrapped in plsatic so it cuodl be difficult to ilve a whel month iwthout it .
However this family believed that if they arrived thei oga , they would redcue th amoun of plastic rbubis .
So hte would hpl to stop a bit the problem fo t UK 's recycling sytem .
This fami ssy that they had to cahnge their idet too , becaues of moe of their usual food .
usch us oyghorts , bisucits , etc aws wrapped in palsti .
So I thnik tah from my opitn of ivew it could be difficutl to follo this life stel much more tha a couple of months .
There are a lto of product or food , hwic are needed in our ilfe , and they are mathc with plastic .
Howveer I laso think that it 's mipotrant to be ocncinet wtih teh enivronmentla cnocernts , so some iedas lek htis could be good to reduce th rubbhs .
To sum up I think thta it 's important to kno that we should recycle palsitc as well as cart , gsas , e .
In order to do n't waste enegry .
So we acn ues the plastic in a repsonsible way but we ahev to nkow hta we should n't follow this idea until the extreme beacus we need plastic .
Witness
Sitting heer laone , six floors up on my littl blacon , hwen I ehrad shots and asw obys running .
The rist thing I thought w that there was a NoFLICT ebwteen someone .
And hten , I saw something blakc not moving in the LANDSCAPE of t oods .
I knew a doy sa liygn htere nad kn it was dead .
A 15-year - old byo , teh papers asid .
A Buhc of sirens , cops and spinning lights wer dwo tree .
I watched till they RdA him waay , and then veerything gto quiet agani as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure eh cpos wlil ENFORCE the yu hw did ihs .
I did n't ese them till ntx mroning .
I 'm looikng odwn at those wood .
A coulpe 's comnig sol on Frankstown iwth a girl by the hadn , had to be teh boy 's byb sitse .
Th psas through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to th sto the ob died .
How do they konw .
ehn ehy started to put and REWARD flower ewer teh yo died .
oh do thees peolpe ifnd the sop .
Could they ehar my ol mind worknig to gudi thme , elad hte and TREND them adn get up out thi admn wheelchair adn take them by the ahdn .
But I wsa in POReTY , so I cuol not go a atek them .
ht g wh killde tah yo raelly need to haev a INCENTIVE to kill ihm .
Thta was an ufnair death .
If there wa a cahine htat can go REVERS in the item , I might ocul asve hi .
But , unfortunately , were on in ht fuuter .
The other bnefeit of living baraod is an incredible personal expeirences .
When yuo meet unique peoel with amaizng tsorie .
Fro exapml , yo may meet someone who h travelled onsntop for 20 conutires an visited most of the countirse on hte plants .
Theerfor , this experience ope uo up to different awsy of viewing the owrld which ma alter teh rest of you life .In addition , it gives yuor childre a mcuh better undertsnading of oteh cultrue when tye tatend international schlos .
Tsi results in it wlil change tehir lives nad expand the prospects in the futu .
ehllo Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky because y have free time to tarevl a work baorad .
I hpo y ahve ah a ihgh score at the school .
My countr , Spai , ha a ol of beatuiflu ciites an plcaes to visit .
If you lik omnutain , you cuodl start oyur trvael on eh onrt , a regino called Astuiras .
Ther is a wel - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend sem itm walking na vistiing eh regoin .
Ther aer good meals dn dirnks : " afbada " ( wht beans ) nad " sidra " ( it looks apple juice ) .
Ne the mountai ( about 20 kilometres ) oy c fni beachse , bu I recmomedn the beaches on th South , nadalusia .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lto of sites and parties to nejoy la th time .
If you ocme eher on February , y will enjoy a lto in Cadiz iwth the carnival .
If uo come on psring , uo ahv to visti Seville , and uo will nejoy the Easter Week an ht Freai week .
Travellin in Spian is easy .
You have mnay roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and traevl by yorusefl , wtihout talbe - fxie tmies .
Despite , if y silike driving , oy cna use public transpotr : long idstance traisn , bess , e .
At the end , to look ro a j , I thin the best otpion is Mdarid , hwihc is hte cpaital city , and there yo will fdn a job easli .
I hope y enjyo oyu rtavel nad ee you osno .
Paco
No differnetly of much of the wolrd srots love , I 'm sick baotu Footblal !
to just a relaly competiitve gam ; Football is a full mix of tr , craeitvity , dedication , hard work and etam cooperation .
Even if yuo ra the bes lpayer in eh whole world , y hav always to play ro oyur team - or else , be ready to be overcame by yuo ofe !
When a very skilled playre finds himse in a hostile wor environment ( with talented but eslfish lpayers who a n't commtited to htei " te pla " ) he tends to soe pefrormance dn lkc good resulst in matches .
osmetimes , t real spectacle does n't take palce in the ifelds , but in st surruonsd !
Supporters of tradiitonal clbus na be very passionate .
suulaly , when facing otuhg opponents or dceisive matches , they turn ht stadimu in a erally laeg part in order to intimida the adversaries ; coloring ht benches with lfasg nad jerseys - sometiems building wondrous mosaics to xepres tehi leight .
If someen assk me what is hte omst important thing to satrt practicing ( or evne following ) htsi etrrific soprt , I 'd say it 's the passion in waeirng yo club 's jerse nad teh repsect tworads your adversaries ' .
Eevry country has got its wo history .
of eyar of wasr and difficult situations teh history was cretaign people 's beliefs nad connitions .
It was creating a culture .
People wer biulding new castles , palac and churches .
Yse - chucrhes .
I think religion means a olt for poeple- especialyl poilsh people .
I awn to describe a story of hte Mnoasetry of Czętsohcowa .
ti a ciyt in oplnad strnogyl connecde wiht a draamtichistory of oru country .
The omnsatery is situated on a hill .
The ino , depicting hte Mother of God with ht Chrits Child , knwon as hte Black Mdaonna of Częstochowa aws pmorted orm Rusis in 1834.A since ehn a lot of pilgrims has been ivsitin that pitcuer .
Some people probably htnik - there is nto aynthing specia- usual picture .
But in hte 17ht cetnur there hapepne a mrialce .
Polish people ha to defend Częstochowa na rescu their countryBut t polihs ersistacne was smaller and samller .
Immeidatley the fighters of Sweden began to stop attackign a hill .
Polhs soldiers manade to repulse them .
In 566 polish king Jo II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
He pormised that ht Madonna of Częstochowa will awlays be a ploish quee .
I ihnk it is a perefct exampl of an imrotant hitsorcial palc in my counrt .
I thikn everybody who livse in Plonad must go to Częstohcowa .
Wh oy ewre a cihld ha you eevr aekd what a uo able in ?
Or ewre you sure about yo fvaouirte spor ?
hwa are the sports y usulaly do ?
ub , omts of lal , do you enjoy th ?
Athletes are extrmeel strong , probably htey might afll in love with a spo at eh fisrt sihgt .
On one nad we hva the people oh lise on their spro , on th other hand htere ar ose hwo do nay sport , indifferently , because it is just a ya to lose wieght or a way to spend hteri rfee time .
Unofrtunately , I have no a favourite sport , although I 'd li to .
I ju go to the gym wtice a week to attedn a course and I swear I vae never sewtaed more .
It is ilkely y wolud have got moer self - confidenec if you ah owrked ahrder during a course .
So , ofr the unlucky oen ilke me , my sgugetsion is If oyu di not fall in love with any sport , oy sholu tyr a coues ! You will surely feel better dn more rleaxed after that .
Plcae to nejyo
The aim of htsi report is to give advcie aobu t best places f the young people in my hoem town .
Cluutral visits
Tarragno is an niterestnig adn beautiful plcae for spenidng your time .
Yo can visit museum , orman monuments a als the tahedral .
TArgaona is near Barcelona .
It is an importatn icty na hter are a lot of attractions .
You c go by tarni , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
Restuarant and lcubs
Yuo shuold go to the ersaturants olcated in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them rae based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Marbel , Auqamra a Siroco are the trned restaurants .
They aer very comfortalbe a co and a good pri .
Oy clud go to clubbing in atrraogna but if y travel in summre it is worth th effort go to Salou .
It 's a village lcsoe to Tarragona .
AT night has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best optoi to relax is to be lying on hte baech .
awtchign the Medietrranena es .
Conclusoins nad recomemndatios
Tarragona and surroundign are a good palec to ivsti and to know their culture .
Everybody can be a good teacher f younegr peolpe .
In my opinion , parents aer the sma and they c be erat teachers for tier children .
esvera resaons can suppo this idea , btu I tr to fouc on hte mos ipmortatn noe .
First , aprents ar a rgeta source of experience which c be helpful in teaching .
Secoldy , they have a close relationship wtih their children , whcih resluts by feeilng na emotions .
Tehes t resaons m be enuog fro every child to consider his / her praents as valuable teahcers .
As mentioend earlier , Exepriecne is a prerequiiste for evyr teacher .
In thi respect , parents have so many thnisg to teach to their children .
They have fcaed wiht differetn events in hteir live na every even hsa h man elssosn for thme .
It does n't matter that they have failed or ganied succses on tohs events , eh important htin is the expereinecs htye hva ogt orm thes events .
In hti point of ivew , children ac wlays ask their parents to teach tehm some new lessons from hte lareg source of infinite experiences .
I myself , hvae face with so mna cases that ehlpe me to understadn the teacihng ability of my parents .
Onec I wsa 18 years old , I hda to make an important decision about my unievrsiyt major .
So I jts made a qiuck edcisio bade on some resear on ht inetrnet and some personal faovrties and prioritise .
I w hopgn that , my decision was eh rigth oen , but it was n't actually . I had cohsen elcetronic but my parnets otld me to hva some more reesarch and consultations wiht the garduates of different amjors including electronic .
I did tehir recommednation and I ottally changed my idea .
There ewr sem aepcts that I was raelly unaware of them .
So by considering different idsa adn poiinons , ifnalyl I chose computer egnineerin as my uinverstiy maj .
Now I am graduated in tihs major and I am really satisfied iwth that .
So , Parents ' experiecnes ca mek them strong teachers for their children .
Parents ' clsoeness to thie children acn be another raeso taht amkes tme good tecaehrs .
Thye aer reall clsoe to hteir children in the trems of efelings dn emotional matters .
The hva a strong familiarity about favorites , siklls , talents na all othe valuable information rleatde to their chlidren .
Regarding th information , they can tehc their childrne and hpl them to mkae reasonable decisions .
I remember noce in ihhg hcool I had to maek nwe friensd and I was dubiuo about my situation and it was a great dilemm to hcoos teh ebs onse .
So I acem to my parents and asked tehi ehlp , they presented ht best recommendations for mkaign the deciisno , htne I could ma th bset feinds th I na easil go algn wiht .
I am realyl satisfide by my parents as my idnipsutable teachers .
they have really saved my lievs in different cases .
So parents can be th best teachers regarding thei emotional closeness to their childre .
lal in all , parents aer a great source of experience , whic na hel them to be godo teachers .
slo they ahv so many lcsoe erlationships wht tehi childre , whic makes tme a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I ohpe a day that la the children rely on their parents as thri teachers .
what I usually do in my free time .
I raelly like readin mayn kinds of books , amgazien , et.when t weather is bda , I voe stiting in my afvorite amrcahire , nae eh fire place an raeidng .
I enoi to hear th rain while I am redaing at home ...
Howhever I like very much walking ot .
When the ewather is good I often go uot with my rfien for a walk in the countrsyide or do shpping .
I also love wtachnig iflsm at ht icnema or on tv .
I prefer comedy nad romacne , tu I like triller and drmaa oto .
At lesa I enioy to take care on my gradne , where teher are many flowerbeds wit a to of iknds of flowers .
aer Lauar ,
I am glad to aer yuo nad knwo you haev bought a we computer ga .
Actually I do n't lek very umch the cpmuter games , because in my opinion htey ra so bori!I also think ehse games ge a sort of dpeendnecy , lik the alcoohl or the drugs , so the can be evr dangerous !
I raelyl prefer donig othe kind of hting on my computer , lik to surf ht Internet , to tsduy neglish , e .
ofr example I use my computer to rppeare exreciess fo my stdunets or to look of funny na useful laboratory 's xeperience of chemistry .
ese yuo soo .
Kisses .
asra
A trerbile holiday
Lats yra I decided to go on holiady with my friensd .
We like vrey much hte ae , so we loekd to re a little cotatge on August at a lvoely place in Sadrenga .
We arrevd at th ilsnad in the morning , atfe a long jorunye on a ferrybaot .
Tehn we gto on a bus to arrive at the house which we ah rneetd .
The ctotage was really fine , with a fantastic view of th ebahc .
I looked forawrd to go on the ebahc and to swi in that wonderful wahte .
ub th lucky was n't iwth me !
In fact I was ill all t time na I only could look th sea throug teh window of my romo !
Dae Jaenny ,
I am lawyas lgad to receive your letter !
My favourite TV program is uqakr .
This is a doucmentayr about the science .
I like awtchnig it because in this programme I na egt a lto of information .
Fo example I can nkwo auot the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
I ac aslo look about the astronmoy , the fisic , ht chemistry , the bioolgy dn man oehr ran of the sicnece .
In htis programme I can have information about the las scnetific discover and t
technoloigcal development .
In my opiinno it is one of the most niteretsing programme abo the science on TV .
A kiss .
Saar
Wh did uo understand abo the job advertisement ?
htis is a job aobtu all the informaiton mtaerail on a urse , dn medi maanger works iwth toher managers on a crui .
Every ady oyu heave we news about rcuise , excursion , weath and amny other informaitno about cruise .
If yuo want information eraly morning , we well na egt neswpaper in oyu cabin .
Media amngaer follow informaito on panel , change information depending on weather , trip dn man otre ifnormation .
What happens if oyu chaneg the route on a curis ?
You na change ll the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan cahgne ofr the cruise .
To take crae of uor obdies , we eat well , exercise and amk su to get enoug sleep .
We also have to atke in mind taikng care of uo eivronment , in orre to have a healthy lef .
In my twon we protetc the Envrionmen Aruodn us :
By recycling , by tryng to reduce teh transi , walking na cycnig , that also impruves our healht and fintess .
People from la aegse must ehpl to cle up eh city and protect the wildlife .
At schoo , children had bene tauhgt abou how to do an aporpiated use of the electric energy .
there are man poelpe that offered thesmelves as volunteers to celan the city , and ahd eben very ehlpful to make the icty clean and more attractive .
There laso a ol of plans for t futre , in order to start using electric csr .
The title of one of th bset thirller moive I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" esven " is a story bauot a psychopathic serial ikller , wh klils on ebhalf morality adn ethi .
In paritcular , hte ikller klisl seven people each no corresponding to those - that according to the Chrisitan religion , are t seven edadyl nis .
All eh murders show characteritsics rlfecting a psecific deadly s .
Th provide , epseically to o of teh two detectives who are investigating abou the rcimes , a tarce to follow in their investigatoin .
In eh mvoise a some references to th Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to t Bbile .
The fiml is excellent because of bot a ver exciting and engaging plot , adn gerta interpretatoin of t mian characters - the serial kilel nad teh wt detectvies .
To my nid , shoppign has both believers and oppoennt .
The fisrt one claim taht shopping is a big lpeasur and uf .
The second do n't rgee iwth them .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .
Many times when I was on shpopign , I aws unhappy or disappointed for different resaons .
First of all , we ca ilke or even lev shopping , but on awlay we ha hav enouhg mnoe to yu items we wnat or need .
It 's nci go throug spos and take laeve iwt hands full of bags .
Unfortunately , we eralize at home , that ou wallte is emtpy .
That meks us sad .
What is more , shopping ya affect ru mood or even body in a da wa .
hwne it comse to bargain sale , on cuh epriod epopl start to behav like animals na rarely thnik reasonable .
hte wlak rey quickly , evn run to get eh last thnig which is letf on teh store .
They somteime almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerou .
A in all , shoppin in it 's intentio is an enjobale action whcih ofte amkes us efe happy about it .
Neverehless , so pepole tre shoppnig too seriously and as a result becmo addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to eevryoen ,
My nam is Dnaiela dn I 'm eighteen years hlo .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm hte right pers that oy rae oloikng fro the job edscirbed in your advertisement .
I sepa both lel English na Frecnh and I 'll be ere all the summer unti the end of October ebacuse I 've juts finished Hgih csholo .
There , vore the lsat ow years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in hte organisation of Coruses fo yuong students with learning problems .
At eh sa item I w one of the leader in teh " Scouts " , so I 've elanred a olt wo to come togteher wtih people and to tka care of them .
I was in the scohol wsimmnig team and I 've og th firs - a certificate .
I 'm hcatloic an I play the guitar in teh Chur 's choir .
Each years , in teh mumer loiday I 've wokred in the " Summer cam " oragniesd in our enihgboorhood both helpnig in ht kitchens na organisgn psort dn various activities ofr chlidren bewtee 6 nad 13 years hold .
Carefully , your Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we vie ehre we have a lot of products dn chefs so good , I owlud wan to viis an Italain rsetuarant becuase I lvoe hceese na I thnik that tial is the ebst lpac where y can ea a different teps of cheese in th world .
ht eprefct atmosphere for me is a modenr buidl that it ah difefren rooms wit different styles : modern , classic , goci , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant I haet ow hting : ppole msoking and t ihgh elvle of ovice of t peolp .
Whereas , I love wto things to : a freidnly waitress wit her traditiona black clothes a a ilhgt on my table that make the nigth mor romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaexd if yo dinner with you frien .
I think aht an tialian restaurant is a great place for my class because htere tehy can hcosoe between differen afntastci dishes ro examlpe : ptsa , pzza , seaofo or pork .
Besides , thye can drink many wines .
However , to a it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expenisve and myn clasamte ca n't go it .
I enjoyde hte tmie off fro the University .
My tiem off from eh Unievrsity is isgnifican to my presonal development .
learning cna las tkae plec otusdie t University capmus .
As shc , we develop htruogh interacting wit their envriomnent .
While on ohlidays from eh University .
I travelled to my country of birth hwree I aw able to meet my family memebr , relative a firends .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to esn their chdlren to Univresit .
I otdl my friends a maily members th importance of Universti Eductaoin to uor community .
I vsiited man interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historcial placse , z , rivers etc .
Also duirng this period , I sa involved in a local community prjoect to build community hospital . while on tihs proje , I niteract and sraed ideas wtih tohe professionals on the project .
While on teh time off from eh University .
I otko a aptr - time empolymen wi t local huosnig company .
This ptr - mie job gives me hte leanring opportnuity to develop my skilsl and understand the parctiacl aspect of my career .
This rpacticla xeperienec gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of usperviison .
I nejoyed the mnoetary values of htsi job .
I eanr some money to p my Univresity fee and rent for htere months . I laso received a very goo referecne from th frim which was passe on to eh University .
They wou lki to offer me another opprotuniyt for owrk placement on my final year at the University .
Goo Morning !
I 'm ray a I 'm writni you a letter because I wodl lkie to owrk in your sumemr acm .
I lvie in Milan iwth my paretns but I 'll move to the SuA before the end of spring so I owudl ilek to find a jo hteer to make som moeny .
My parents are boht English native speakers btu to learn omre auot teh culutre I studied lagnuages at th university and onw I 'm grdauaetd in Englihs an French so thsi j is als an opportunity for me to improve my English in antoher sta and n only wiht my aprents na afmily .
In Italy I worked as a babysietr of a couple of months , I otko crae of 3 kids : 1 cihl is 7 yaers old a teh ohters 2 children are obth 11 yaers old and bca then I ha to cook f htme lucn nad dinner .
At the nuiversity I was part of the football taem and we no the championship aianst o of the mo tahletic footabl te in our coutnry .
I thikn I 'm an neregetic person , that likes al the yteps of sports dn activities bu the most important tihgn is that I olv kids and palying wi them makse me relaly happy .
I owuld like to take apr of yoru staff so pelas let me knwo if I can work wiht yuo !
Thank you fro yo time !
Bright future for publci tarnsoprt
The covneniecne of tarvelling by cars benefits t majorities of us in a doern osciety .
It is effciient a private .
Car manufcatures desperately seeking enw technolgoies to improve t featers of a ca .
By kaing it mo modern , opwerflu nad econmoic , they ahve successfully attracted more customers than ever .
In Canda , the vehilces per acpita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
hter was cne an interest saying that North America aer teh nation on wheels .
Car has brought teh pei change to our lifestyle .
We edpned on cars so much as if htey ra our spare pair of foot .
As resul , t ripd inrceasing of car on the road borugh negativ consequecne .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can acus detrimental effecst on teh environment in many ways .
Such as globa wraming , so and water polltuion and aic rani .
Secondly , evhicles contai ma different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeez , gasolnie , ia - conditoining erfrigeratns , and brake , transmission , hydraulic adn windshield - wipre flusd .
In most cases , these fluids aer toxic to hmuan adn animals , nad cna pollut waterway if they elak from a vehcile or er dsiposed incorrectly .
In addtiion , traffi ocnegstion sa become naotehr worsen problem .
It spread massviely in much of ht worl a sa many engatiev imaptcs of all aspects .
In 2100 , a recurring msasive traifc jam that happede in Chi cuaght worldwide meida 's attentoin .
hte traffic ma slowed down thouasdns of vehicles for roe tna 00 kiolmetres and lasted fro more than et days .
nay drivre ree able to move their vehciles only 1 km per d , an some drievrs reported ebing sutc in the traffic ajm of five adys .
It is ocnsideerd to be no of eh longest tarffic jams by some media .
On the othe hand , modern pbulci trnaspor has been improved progressvieyl in the apts decda .
Its cofmotrable , efficien dn ecnoomic features hav been attrcatin more you porfsesional .
By taking a usbway , you iwl be abl to guarantee yoru arriav tim ofr a class or an important meeting ; In some big citie , pubilc transport plasy a bi role in a modern socieyt . with great coverages na efficien orutes ,
subway has becoem th omts opuplar commute ool .
Fro intsnace , in New oykr , t buway system contians 23 miles of routes .
In 2013 , teh subway delivered ove 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximtaely 5.5 million rieds on wkedays.[2 ] hsangahi Metro sytem aer 14 metor lines nad 392 sttaions , wtih an operatign route length of 343 mile , wtih 2.5 billio irdes delireed in 2013 .
On a onrmal weekday voe 8 million people sue the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
In daidtion to the cnoveinence of upblci transprot , th afr is much chpaer compra of drviing a acr .
Soem porfessional companies vene offer their employees fr public transport pa as a bneefi .
The public trnasport in my city is ver convenient .
Even though our subway system is still developign , hte mian line that pass trhough donwtown , several univsrities nad pouplra ict spots is vrey popalr adn h been ma tourist , students an professionals 's prior cohic fro commute .
hteer aer osme park an red statinos alolwde ca drivers to conncet with eh sbuwa , It is ver convenient and encouraged omer people to dirv elss .
If I hva to get to somewhe on tim in rush hour , I wil fits consider the subwya voer drvie a car .
ce - rfiendl awareness has positively affecetd young genearitons .
Taking subway to wokr has become a trend an all ht changes that ahppeinng tdoay will rue lead a bright future to public transprot .
[ 1 ] Wikipdeai , Motor evhciles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , enw Yrok Cyt Subway
[ 3 ] iwkipedi , Shagnhai Metor System
Dear An ,
I know uo 're coming next ewke to Roem and I woudl be really glda if you cuol co to es me .
I am going to xeplai how to eg to my plaec orm hte ariport .
Fris of all , once you arrive you iwll ende to te the train , which sotsp at Tiburtina .
Form three take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiain , I 'm do n't live ver far fro there , it will on take a cuople of minutes .
So , fmo Piazza urbinai atk hte ceond on t irhgt which Vi Priscilla and sto at number 27 .
Should you have nay prbolems , jsut gev me a cal !
I ca n't awi to see oyu .
Love .
Ard
I tihn it could be a good diea to try th restaurant " ht old clkc " .
Teh erstaurant is cahrimng and facsinating , located in eh lo town 's center .
It 's an anicnet berweyr wihch keeps a particular atmosphere .
The menu in no really wide - this is good in my opinion , becaus I 'm qiute suspicious of the restauarnts offering too myn idshes ... The restaurant esrvse rfseh food oln , depending on th season 's prodcuts .
Ther is las a good cohiec of food f vegetarians , so Mike nad An will have ont a problem to eat .
The downside could be the awitin ti to eat , becaues lal the dsiehs rae prepared at the tiem of the customers do the odre .
But it 's a guaratnee for hte cilnet : the food is great idnede !
The location is informal and hte srevice is ogdo , the owner an the awiters rae friendly , you efle at home .
Yuo can listen vie music or a DJ on Frid evening , it 's really fnu !
Last tu no least , the price is good , especially compared wiht eh qlaity of food adn service .
As ht cocnret fniished , I heard someone lal my anme .
A am put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
I poened it an I cuodl see a common C D insdi .
When I got ohem , I plaey the CD on teh CD plyare tu it really wa n't an sound !
At tah memnt the phone started to ring , I ipck it up ... but no o nasweared me when I asked ' Who is htat ? ' .
I sa begininng to get veyr nervous when smoebdoy nkockde th doo .
I poeend it b there aws onbody three !
Suddelny a loud onise sa heard in teh roo a I owke up .
I was lyign on eh cocu wi a mystery novel in my ahnds!. It had la bee jus a nigthmare!.
Al oev hte owlrd , t number of overweight people is grwonig .
What to you feel ar the amni cuasse of this ?
aht are t effects ?
Obesity is o of hte omst important challenges of th current scoitey deu to th fact that people suffering form it h be groiwn alarmnigly .
ihs ssay iwll loko at the osm of eh key cuases na effects of overweight amogn people .
Firstly , food habits scuh as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the ian csues of surge in wieght maong people .
For nistance , hteer er man studies by various boide in th US hswo aht more and roe teenagers are spending most of their tem in front of TV or comupetr plyain video gam , tehy hardl eprform na sort of physical activit adn also inudlge in fats food .
This sohws that fired or package food and colpete lack of exercise rae hte ceif erasosn ro icnerase in boestiy among young people .
Secondly , bulylign among teenagers dn ries in herat attask ar so of the main efefct among people hwo er obese .
ro examlpe , it should be noet that , ercent studise by WH has ervealed that obese peolpe are rpoen to bullying and there is ries in number of cases of heart attacks omng young people with obesity .
This exapmel shows that pepole iwht obesiyt to noly usfefr from bullying btu also fr heart attacks .
Havign looekd at both causes and effect of overweight amgn poepl , it is recommended tah people take care of eaitgn haibst by reudcing ht intake of fast food and alos take mie out to exercise to lead a heatlh ilfetsyle for their wo benefit .
eda friend :
How ra your tnigs ? I ewtn to oru new sohpipng cetnre last ewek .
I spent a raelly godo time wht my boyfrien , th plaec is outside ht cti centre of Granaad , in Spain .
I ilke th shopping ecntre ebacuse it has a lot of women 's hsosp isnide , eh faclitiies are quite atrcactvie a vre up - to - d , the green zones are wi and it is supplied wit a lto of wooden benches .
I bouhg ow kinds of coltehs , acsula clothse ro evrey day a outfit for an cocaison to my cousin 's wedding t enxt month .
See you soo ¡
Best regards
Ae
Peter looked at his wtach and knew he ah to do smoething immediately .
He had een utck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
He did n't know wha to do , he tried to acll someone , but the line did n't wo .
He aw tsartnig to g nerovus , he was arriving late to h ssitre 's wedding , it was probably ht ebs ya of eh lif and he was n't ther wtih eh .
When teh first hour had passed he decided he wuold go walking .
When he opeend ht do a cold wdn whipped him har tu he did n't acre about it and kept oging .
The ksy sa cloyd , eh temperautre wsa beolw zero , the wni amde hi not being able to wkl and it 's now when he eralizde why was ehr sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
He bega to efle ewt and that aw when he noticed that it sa arniing heavliy .
He could n't belieev it , but he could n't stop walking he had to egt to hcurch .
Peter opneed eh door and everybody turned around to wathc him .
He sa ewt , clo , starving and oustide ht weathre ha worsened , hte raod was lfodoed and the cars oculd n't psas .
Bu Peter ddi n regrte vaing walde in th pouring rain , becaues he h been with his sister on h speical ya .
Tehre are plenty of sports . osem can be practiced indoors , smo outdoors a othesr in water .
For me , these ra the msot incerdible sptrs taht anoyne ca perform .
Swimming is on of th msot complete soprt becuaes yo use every part of your body in rodre to sustain nad davance the taer .
The idela is to start practicing hti sport as hcildre , ebcause the oldest you er is mroe difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to elran to wsmi .
This sport combnies the moveme of ar an legs wtih breathign , as coordination bteween thes aprtise is crucial .
Among ht advantages of wsmiming we c ihghlight th oflolwing :
1 .
to delay agign , it increasse meomyr and eh abili to omve .
2 . burn more calories , becaes in eh water , the muscles work 5 times mroe than on outsid it .
3 .
Impvoing teh respirtaoyr system .
4 . Elimniate back pain and bones .
5 . Relax nto only ht body but also eh mind , so htta the stress decreases considerably .
If y wan to nkow mo and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attendign a specialized school , there are many good nad to so expensiv , wehr y cna count with t support of a qualified instructor who will give y the nofidence to tsart .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you are doign well .
As per ou discussion earlier on teh esrvice Guide asle communaction , I wuold like to aks you if oyu alraed ahve started to perprae the background na sales cmoumnication mateirlas f hvaign these service giude and how to use them .
We ar iaming to deilver teh Service Guide materials in ewke 25 to the marketing colleageu of rtanslatio nad localisation .
eh countries wi have 6 weeks to coalise and rpoduciton ( till Week 32 ) .
Followign uo communication to teh markeitng commnutiy , ideally we sholu als inform teh asles community with the slaes commuinaction materials an guideilnes .
I ppoose to have a meetin to dsicuss teh process / timeline and alng our commuincations to the marketing and sase communtiy .
Would you be availbale to me on Moady , June 02 .
Looki forward to eharing rfmo yuo .
Kin reagrds ,
The article is devoted to the characteristic of teh obejctive aspect of a crime , responsibility for wihhc is provided by Art .
134 of teh Criminal ocd of ht urssia Fdeeratino .
Various piont of view a given concernign cnocetps of sexual inetrcousre , sodomy , lesbiansim .
On the baiss of deical and lega provisions as well as jruipsrudence the author formulates definitions of hte mentioned actions of sexual character .
Als , ht imperfection in fomrulation of specified artcil is stressed .
On the basi of roe weighed dn reasonable apporach eh new edition of Art .
134 of t Crmiinal Code of ht Russian Federation is ofefred .
Hi mo ,
You welcmo , I 'll be veyr hayp to put you up . I'll shwo you the marveolus vneues which ar situated in my hometown .
To coming to my accommodation , firstl yuo must taek teh Natioanl Express ' coach .
Yuo must fdn the bu sotp on the sed of t car park .
oyu umts kae the numbre 748 .
Secondly uo 'll te o at the Galleria .
It 's a hsoppnig cetnre , wihch is situated in Hatfield .
On the poposite side of Natoina express ' bus tspo there 's the bus sto .
You haev to tach 712 bsu up .
It rbings you dierctly to my subburn .
oyu must eg off at London Road su stop .
Fnially you will fi my apatrment nera ht bus stop .
hti is the cheape awy to eg to my hem th I kno .
About the wetaher ofercast for enx mnoth , I 'm faraid to te you that the temperature imght fall dwon .
I sgugset ahving a coat .
If oy need ufrthre details how to rariv at my aaprtment wri to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
Three is no futrue ofr public transport , ebcaus travellin by c is so mu more convenient .
As you do nto hvae to wa ro se mie tables na follow ifxde routes .
uo can go anyhwere you wtn and even during the night when hte pubilc transprot is csrace or it uold be nusafe .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling na nicerases your sesne of independenec .
However , a ca is not alawys more ceonoimcal to urn becuase for example , yo have to apy ro taxe , nisurance , dn motor tests .
ont to mention the combustible .
Generall sepaknig , cars geneartse more poluliton than any public transpor .
ht main raesno of tih , is that cars use deisle or petorl , wehrea trains use electricyt .
It is also important to mention that people who rdvies its own acr most th time trevl on their own .
Finlal , another advantage ovre privtae cars is aht it reduced the rtaffci cahso .
To s up , I think th future in transpor is ujs starting up .
Frmo 17th to 20t March me and my schoolamtes , dn laso t 2 M , went to a tpi to Sicily .
We sateyd heer fro 4 dsy and we viisted Toarmina , Sriaucsa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
We flew from Ooi Al esrio to actnaia : to me was t fisr time I tko an air , and it w amazing , ub at th beginnnig I h a little bit of headache .
When we arrived in Catnaia the su driver bring us in a café to have breakafts .
Then we wen to Taormina and we visietd a lot of htings : ht Grke theaer , Corvaia palce and the Sicilain ' pupi ' , ormna Odeon and a public garden adn ohte ebautifu places .
Then we ah lcnh and wetn to ' Giardini Naxo ' dn we swa the necropolis .
In t evnenig we went to Sriacusa nad we steyd in ht hotel becaues we ewre tired .
The next morning we visited Sircasua nad in the afternoon we wnet to Ortigia island hweer we had a litlte bit of free time .
For Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us tsay in the hotel that night .
In Garigento we saw the ' Valel Dei etmpli ' an a museum a in eh aftrenono we omevd to ' Snata Maria Dei Gerci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and atfer this we went to Marsala . during the evneing we satyed in the hotel a in the morning we sa a msuuem and then we moved to rtapnai where we visited the aslwtorks .
Then we ah free mie for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to t aripotr to take teh ri and cmoe abkc eher .
It was an increidbl trpi !
I hva an unusual c .
It ooks like eruglar acsr tu has moe advnatages .
Firts of all , my car ah high speed .
Sceondly , it c fly .
Beisdes , my car is cosniedrably opwerfu than othe means of transport .
It does not ende a fu because there are different force which raise teh ca in the air .
My trnasprot is lbu like teh sky .
Using this transport I wll go to New Zeland tehn Australia and otehr countreis .
I wna to s tropical animals , birds nad meet with local population .
Besdies , I am giong to look migration of ht biggest animals of the world - whels .
Travellign by car is umc omer convenie , as myn people say , bu public transport is muc better for ht environment .
There er now 8 billion people livnig on our eart and if everyone owudl drive a car , ht smoke owuld be so high , that we could n't ilev here anymore .
Mayn people use public transport evry day and I thin this is go ro ru commuinaction , because we ac atkl to oteh people .
It is laos good of our environment ebcause there is just en bus of 80 pepole .
There owul be umc mo exhauts if eevr epsron is drivng a c .
Pulbi transprot will inrcesae in teh future , becaues every eyar htere are more trainstations , na more streest .
The Weeping Aegl is a thriller fll of haunting beau and intirgue .
It uarvels in the modern en York maong anoynmous office buildings and empty - ede crowds .
The hero finds all h friends disappea o by one .
Looikgn for rtcaes of those he lovde , he stumbles uopn a trtuh tta wsa hidden in plani sight .
Onl by looking in the eeys of eh stone - cold adngre can he evade teh diasppearnace himself .
He might ahv rticekd the monsetrs into a rta , but usc creatures , almost oto evli to be real , can never be stopped .
My afvourite spor is swimming . I like it because it maeks me feel fere , indepednnet and happy .
It is an individual but also taem activity .
In my opinion it is one of ht healthiest sport htere are beacuse uo c train no lny you body but oyu can also develop yoru braeth .
I do not practice siwmming in competitio but amlots since I aw 3 years dl .
I alwasy had great coacehs who trained me according to my abilty so that I did not go never over my limit .
I hva alway felt comfotrabel as a cihdl wht my tna mate .
During tsee aers I ahv changde thre times aorund pool .
At the omment I am training at the Tur Ssiport near imrfaiori .
Is a sport quite tirign but oy acn rel when teh caoch says it 's itme to take a break .
If I ahd to give adivec to osmeon who wants starting hti spor I would tll him not to rory if he does n't feel confident .
If he wsa afraid of teh water it is not recmomneded to partcice th psor , or be abel to brka odwn his fera wou be a rgeat gao .
All in a I would remomend to anyen to play tihs psotr .
It is a sport that pruifeis nad regenreates you .
If we talk about my favourite sport , baksetball iwll be .
I lo basketball , though I arrley play bsaketball beacuse it is ahr to fi a stadimu to pal basketball in Tahiland .
I lik basketblal ebcause it is one of t esaiest sprot .
Let 's talk auot teh advnatages of plaiygn basketball .
I think playign baektball ehl me to be haelthy .
If someon wan to paly some sport , basketbal is my fits avdic .
It is an easy soprt to aly for anyon who never lpay any sport beroe .
So , newibes ca understand na kn the ruel easily .
Tehes are the story aobtu bsaketblal , my favourite psrot .
It 's teu aht nto many peolpe cnosider eh members of hteri faimly their bes firend .
enithe do I. However , I hav a cuirous poniion .
On the o hnad , your relatives a the people who wil be always part of you .
Noobdy na leave a famil as ther iwll be a blood union .
So , it uold be a good choice to consider them yuor friend .
It is more possible losnig notact with a friend th iwt the famyl .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you have an agrument iwt a family meebr and uo ene to tlak to a friend to be cheerd up .
If you lak to a friend , who is also a member of oyur family , the sittaion cuold tru otu to be a little wakwar .
lal in ll , h we can see three ar nay davantaegs dn disadvantages of cosnidering teh membres of your afmil you best friends .
From my point of vie , friendshi is saed on the honesyt .
Wh 's omre , not nol is your best friend eh eprosn hwo never ilse you , bu alos is teh person w is always by oyru sid .
If a faimly embmer was lki that , it codl turn into my bts friend .
Teh hosuign situation f young pepole in my courty
Intrdouctoin :
The uprpoes of this report is to evaluate the arnge of options available ofr many twenty - somethings in roder to choose hteir housin system in my country , as well as ht mian obstacel the afc wht eahc one .
Moreover , it will alos describe hte opssible houisng outlook in the next yaer nad ht consequences for young people .
hwo can affo a hosue ?
Nowadays owning oyru own huos hsa become an uphill struggle unless oy wree willing to apy throuhg the nso ro it .
ude to th eonromus economic crisis thta haev shaken ueorpe nad that have intoxicated th era - etstae raket , most of ht pirecs er eye - watering expensive for colleeg students that want to sduy abroad or ismply eamncipate .
Even if tye manage to sav th amount of omeny f a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a c .
In daditio hte uniwllingnes of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something impotratn to take iot account .
If you c nto afford it , th just ern it .
Alhtough renting is the first otpion fro mos of the yout , rents laos had bene affected of th ohusing bubble na thri prise vae shot up too .
Then , sharing ht octss could be ht osltuion for lots of students beyodn all eh problems that cuodl airs from the communal living .
At least oyu 'll always ha oyur aprents .
In order to asve up fro futre palns , a large number of early adtls perfre to tsay under the wing of parents rather th leapign in the dark an go out .
That could be edn in consattn argumetns becasue of issues lki intimacy dn so on .
Wh aobut eh futre ?
hte futru rmeanis unecrtain nuti hte ceonomic situation gets over .
As there rae no mna sign fo htsi to become real , young people must awit to star thei o lives .
My favourite sport is rnunin .
It keeps me ti , be healthy and flul of neergy .
When I run I efel relaxed , I forgot lal my troubles and tsersses .
It refrehsed me .
Once , I took pa in hfl - marathon .
At fits , I oclud n't believe that I can do this .
But then I pvoed to myeslf thta everything is possible .
In addition , I em new friends ehre , hte a very clever a physiaclyl storng .
They teach me the techniques of how to rnu faster .
I keep practicing wi them running aronud West Lake eveyr Saturday .
Afte teh race we get aronud in eh cafe , drikn beer and have a nice conversatino .
It was a great ti .
My next ogal is to participate in full - mraatho .
Also running improves my willpower , becaues I have to wake up early in the mronign and ru , without fail .
I become more orgainezd , and I managed to do mo than I could imagined .
I think evreyhting is posislbe whe oy er organized . You start to build your wo tiemtbale , which make your lief more easy nad effective .
It helps yuo ont to wast yoru time .
I thikn it is teh ye to success .
We can lera that a lo of succefsul people are rey organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our ilf .
Thi mopany has the itneniton of setting up some training courses for stfa so I came up with t die of haivgn a coruse that concentrates on comnay morale .
I consider ihs course as a proirit in odrer to g eveyr employee to feel motivated and involved in wh this company ha to fofer .
I strnolgy eblieve in t idae of hvanig a comfortable office enivronemnt , because when you like what yo are donig nad slo ehre yuo doign it , uo wil do it the best yo cna .
I rcemomend thta everyone at this department tek the course , htat wya we could hva the perpetion of la hte employees nad ofcus in what we need to improve adn canaliz it int profist .
This cuoress wi alts abotu a wke dn I suggest we on ta from two to three hou per ad so it dose n't become tdeious a we can keep everyone intreeste .
In cocnlusion thsi will get everyone feel aprt of the company na ahv everyone 's opiniosn .
yesterday , I wtahced a sicenc ifctio movi caleld blad urnenr .
The movie sa first relesaed in 1982 and dirceted by Ridley Scott who is hte director of Alien .
The stoyr of bled runnre is about a ploice officer nmae dickard hw is working as a ikller for teh mso danegrous robst on etrh which they called t replicants , and they are dangerous on huamn .
The film events happened in Los Anegls in late 2019 , there are 4 robto in teh otry and each robot ah hsi o chaarcte , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advance roobt a hsa amn skills and abilities .
Dikcard the poilce officer kield trhe orbost in th film , but at ht end of the movie and before he rtied to klil teh last robot , he discovered tha batty ha eomitons and feelings instead of si mechanism bdoy because he saved dicakr 's lief at the end of the film .
Travelling has an improtant role in ru eevryday life , we need to get to wrok , cshoo , want to meet our rfineds .
Most of thos plnas would nto be posisble , if there ewre to for emnas of transprot .
tu whcih one , upblic transport or ru wo ac we wli be choosing mor tfen in future ?
On the no hand it is more cnovenient to have a ra .
Owning vehcicle is evry comfortable and igvse you indepnedence .
It enable you to go everywhere you awn no matter when .
uo ca laso stop caring about ho muc you taking to work an on trips , bien bale to hide all tohse things inside of your trun while it is impossible in ayn other mea of rtanspor ,
On th other han , havign yoru nw ra is exepnsiev and no everyone cou afford it .
For those poeple three is always another otpio - public transport .
It is not on cheepr , ubt laos asves oy orm suc porbelms as lac of parking places and reudc trffic jasm .
Moervoer , travellign by trains , trams or bess prodcuse less exhaust fumes and as a reslut vaes oozne layer .
To sum up , travelling using pbuli rtasnport is mroe beneficail of btoh environment and trvaellers .
I am convinced , taht in pstie of ocfmortable car , public transport will be constnatl developin .
Hi Sara ,
thnask for yoru interest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I knwo , it aw a difficlut decisino to take , tu I am oo stress here , I ene a break , so I deicdde to travel to England , th counyr I have ever awnted to siit but I 've nevre been there .
Fo tihs the first htikn I 'd like to do wne I 'll rarive is to visit teh coutnr , I wnat to do this during the fisrt mtnh , every day I wnat to neojy myself vsiitin n places !
tfer I 'll need to amk some moeny , my paren will igve me some ub they wo n't be enough fro s omnhts , so I mus ifdn a job !
I nede to sa oyu f smo help , you 're ht only eprson I know wh lives there , so hte only one woh cna ehlp me .
The ifrs thin I must ask you is if you colud find a lpcae hwer I ac stay , a omtel or , better , a share hosue . I kwo it 's a to to sa btu could you send me a contact of a cmopany taht is looking for a part - time staff ?
Thanks a to
I hope to see oyu soon !
kiss , Golri .
tsem eclls aer undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specilazied eclsl and divide to produce omr stem clels .
hte can also treat or prevent a desase or condition , dn ar used by t sicentists in reesraches , dn by teh dcotors .
I think it is a really good idea to use the tse clesl in order to asev hter people 's lievs , even if tehy come from an abroted foetu .
The are a ol of peopel in this owlrd that are ill an nede stem ecll in their heilng process , so paretns aht had an abroted foetu shou el the scientists and the odctors ues the stem cel in their research , nad ehl oth people .
Scienec nowadays developed a lot , and gav the pouplatino a lo of possibilities ilk sotrnig the stem cells dn usi them to eha the futrue heaht problems anyone coul hva .
All in all , I suppose a lot of eppole idsagere wtih this subject because it is on a good ied fo tme , btu in my opinion it is a really ood ied to save other poepel 's levs by kaing stem cells from an aborted ofteus .
nirtoduction
Th purpos of tihs report is to inform visitors of Leobner abotu our shpoping facilities .
Findings
When oyu cmoe to Leonreg uo will find mnay esful shops .
Th most popular retail sotres are locate in our famou mall called Leo Cenetr .
Three yo can find almsot aynthin uo want fro clothes to electronics and gorceires to beauty rpoducts an flowers .
Furthermore , ht picturesque old town of Leonberg ah a number of loveyl small corne shop where uo ac by local food dn handmda porudcts .
Eevn if oy ra interested in more than ordniary shopipng you wlil be satisfied in elonbegr .
We porvid a b furniture tsoer , an extraordinary mraket garden , a lel - known home improveemnt store , and asl a large bike retailer iwt professionally traine ohp aisstants .
Recomemndations
Deepndnig on yo personal interest you should ehad for different quarters of Leonebrg .
If you rpefer to wa around and egt a feelnig for t town 's culture , you should go to on of bto historic town ecnters .
If yo arthe lik faster shoppign I suggest you visit our el Cente .
In my opinio shopping is n awlyas enjyoalbe , sepecailly fro me .
When t wmone psend hte hours in the shops , em must go with ehm .
It 's a suffering fro every am .
First , thye ahv to psend the many and was tmi wict they uold sepn watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoayble also , hwen we must yu something , in this case we ca n't ifnd what we want , generally , people do n't like the things ihch htey hvae to do .
In this sitaution , we a nrevse an stress .
osmetimes , your shopping turn tu to be unsuccessful and you ra desperate because uo wasetd money .
B , if oy are woman and you are lots of moeny dn time you will be always ocntent udring the shoppign .
If we look aruodn us , we can see a lot of facilities .
If we think about tme , we wou relaize hta we are lukc bceause of the smipel afc of enjoy the .
The hva n always bne her , na they will n be here for ever .
One of the momentuos uhman aims is to make eternla the ilef as umch as it could be possible .
F this reason , we are always involved in the project of ipmroving the facilities fro life , and noe of th msot important aspects of eh project is teh hoem .
Noawdays , we have a lo of eletcronic devices such as microwaves , remote contol ro tv , electronic devices f cooikng , personal moputers , an so on dn so forht .
cah one make the everyday fie a ib more aesy , ub a rea progress on home uold be leecrtonic devices htat were connected to hte mind .
This would be my ' hmoe of ftuur ' .
An inner elecrtonic system would comopse th hwole house ; it wou icnldue msall dveiecs of wave reception connected , in verey sdie of huose , to a gum headband hwoes fnuctino owul be to identify the neuronal sitmuli na to convert hte on rdaiowaves .
Tihs heaabnd woul be rleaetd to household chorse such htat if oyu woul need to washing idhses or to sweeping , you olny may to ihnk auot it and eh robotized syset of th houes would sen orders to aech prat of the house itself .
Tihs system wuol slo be cnonected to the Itnerent in a ' dual otuupt port remote of informaitno ' .
Haivn explained it , I am completely rue htat this outline of my ' ohus of future ' will astonish a marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
Dear Pual ,
oh are you donig ? I remember oy wnate me to tll you about my exeprienc iwht helping at a concert I 've been to last mon .
I am glad to tell oy that it was awesmoe dn I hop that I wil be alb to do something like that again . I am convinced that it aw oen of th ebst adsy in my life .
It a started when I applied for being a ovluntee at this enet .
I ddi n't think hta I have any chanec to get there , bceaus of teh gi mauont of rivals .
But I forutnateyl d it .
I tatached to a group of epople who wre responsible fo informing public about ht programme a lal t organisation stuff .
There were so man guests a I was afraid that it will be too rad ro me to do it irght .
But my en friends from this grou wree very ploit a we worked otegther , so it was much eiser , than I thouhgt at first .
fater some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be lab to ee the bdn playgn at the steg , beacus I hda to stay in frnot of the entry .
ub faetr the first osgn , when the audicne started to sing an dnace , ru manager came to us and told us htat we can go see ht concetr .
I was so extermely happy .
I sa ahvin a grea tim through hte entrie conctr .
After that we ewnt to teh backstag dn psent some tmie iwht t abnd .
We took soem pohotos and got autographs .
It was really coo .
As you can see , it was al really amzing .
I met a lot of ftnastic peolp and I am stll in touch with them .
I ohep htta nxe time you will be able to go wht me .
Lev , XY .
That was a msitaek .
A BIG imtsake .
Mciahel do n't know natyhing about lov an sweetnses .
ilke everyone lese on this pnaet ... I think ?
Anyway , you onw what ?
The on thing he knew hwen he came to Mandy 's hem was this : The world does n't turn around ih .
He came nad eh frist wo he said was :
- " hsti ! "
ey , I know , to very msart .
B htis is Michael .
na Michael do n't acer what poepl think about h .
nad thi is the " Mnady moment " .
- " What ? What 's again worn with you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's kesy .
Where are these fucknig bastards kesy ? ......
- ... You nere change .
oyu always do soemthign worng .
Thsi is uo .
YO .
imchael hte big man , w ac do everything in the whole dma world , except care of his eky , I geuss ... "
I tihn I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Miahel aw , at htis moment , agnry .
But not angry lki you na me .
No no no .
nargy like a itegr , or moething else wh 's ba , nguhty and terriifc .
eyha .
And that was how Mcihae was at this moemtn .
- " Wh is your problem ?
- What ?
- I do n't repeta myself a thidr item : What is your problme ?
- I 've no problem wit yo !
oy 're awlay like that .
You 're ufkced up all the time . "
He hit ehr .
htat was all .
He takign his abg and he goes to hte door .
Micheal clsoed th door a knew at that moment he ha made a miskae .
Sexual Harassment
Haev you ever eben harassed by tohers ?
Their behavior ya make you feel uncomfortable dn disgusitng .
If you hev or yo have wintessed thi befroe .
You shou onw it is callde sexual harassment .
Sexaul harassment is somebody else ( myabe stragners or ambye someone yuo are faimliar wtih ) bully or ofrec yuo sexually .
You may ge hurt physiaclly dn mentally rfom sexual harassmnet .
Today , I will talk about teh problme of sexula harassment .
Firts , I wil ohw you what happens hwne sexual ahrassemnt cocusr .
Second , I wlil etl y ho to edal with sexaul harassment .
L 's start by wtachign a video .
( sohw vdioe )
Sexual aharssment ma occ in a vraiety of circumstacnes - in wokrplaecs , school and even yru housse .
The perpetrators hram the victims by wosd or assuatl .
Nwo yuo know what is esxaul harassment .
Next I will tel you how to dae with it .
If oy a the victmi of sexual harassment or oy ra the wintess , you sholu try to clal for help at firs .
Srceaming , yellni … do moe actions which will attract others ' attnetoin .
Y can also prepare so weapons such as peppe spray , hwistle or electric abtno , just in acse .
amn people hesitate to tll others about the incidetn becuase they htin it is embarrassed to tell tohres about tsi .
ey , y should tell someone you can rtsut .
And the they can help you to osvle eh proble .
I ha explained tw important aspects about sexual harassment .
ifrs , I showed yo waht is sexual harassmen .
Second , I tel oy wah you ac do to deal with it .
In conclusio , sexual harassment amy happen anywhere anytime by anyone .
Be laetr a do osme precautions to protect yourself .
If you er inovlevd , do no be faraid to tell th truth and l others help yuo to edla with it .
Let 's s no to seuxal harassment !
A gre pcae to eat is in " Th Rievra " .
This restauran it is nera t rvierside of Zarate .
Firts , y have a variety menu nad the service in htis plac it is wonderful .
You beign with a
great starter and when oy ifinsh it , tye birn yo the barbacued meet .
Then eh main coures is teh barbacued emet that is ve tender an tsayt .
T mte is not salty as
toehr restaruants , and tye let oyu eat the amount of main couress as y wsih for the asme price .
Is a package aht inclued eh Statrer , main cours and t desert .
Drinks are apart of the pcakgae .
On the other hand , ht atmosphere of th pla is exceelnt .
Rviear is a friendly dn lively place
iwht an amazing rvierside ivew that amkes you real and efll comfortable .
To sum up , I will recmomend this place if you nat to pass a greta time adn aet as yuor last ya
Travelling by car is cuh mor convenient th using public transport for various obvoius reasons .
tu , considering ht incerase in private vehiclse in o rcowdly populade world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scinetists tha we es public transportation .
By htis wya , we nto only contribute to saving our eco - system , we laso contribute to increaisn the national revenue .
When mobile phone ahve cnoquered o palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Our ietraction wht human beings ahv pathetical reudced .
Exchanigng greetigns , expressing eomtiosn , updating work status , gmaing , studying na more vae become activities we do using mboile phon .
Cars are msotly used by peolpe rtavelling fo lnog distances in shroetr time .
Isnied citie nad for shrotre distances , nothing can be more comfotralbe a safe than public rtansport .
Usnig pubci transport nto only helps us erach o destination asfeyl , b also igves us ampel opportunities to network and be wht our people .
Tehy aer safre , hcaeper and faster .
Evne if cars outnumber usres , public transport will continue to ehl and spuport us in a safe and a hlathy living .
ofr cnetureis teh population of the wordl has been draemt of commuting anywehr cmofortably by car .
How amny of us stand fro oru bde already exhausted rfo the only thouhgt of getitng into a pbuli transoptr ?
It was thinking about tih majo probelm thta , the governmnets form arnud ht wrodl has launched teh greatest nad ambitious plna .
To satrt with cras are going to be made by usnig the hihg techonlogy at lower cost , threefoer affrodalbe to al .
City development is already nuder contsruction .
N motorways , stretes , pakring are on longer sit on the council 's offices , awitin to be signed , they are reailt rtansfroming the wolr landscape .
Could we ever think of such derma comnig true ? All this is beyon my imagination and understanding , whereas the es of new technologies coul be sude to igev t owlrd a umhc better healhty environment and less egocentric .
Dea Jnh
I am very intreestde in to start a pte - care franchise bceause I li pest and I think lal these services woudl be very helpful for a lto of people in my ocutnry ot .
acn you tell me more abtu eh possibilities of taking out a Petpals franhcsie in my conutr .
I owuld like to onw with how ma initial ivnestment I ahev to calculate ?
How many horu do y wokr in this bsuiness and hwe are teh woikng hours ?
Is th moer in the evening or on ht weekend ?
Another tihng I would lkie to know is oh mu turnover / profit can I expect in the fsrt year ?
In oyu raticl you write from a education ecnter iwht assistance for we francihsees .
hwic trianing do yo ofef ?
C oy sned me an offer ?
Thank yuo veyr mcu for uo hlep .
Yours iscnerely
siaebl
In eh future uor lvise will be much more difficult bceuase we 'll struggle ofr everythgn aolne .
We hva strated to sturggle alone .
We'll g lonley mo and mer a asl selsih , too .
No oen will help ea other .
Everyone wlil get ehlp from teh machine or technological items .
Tcehnology will be our bes rfiends .
Depsite this o appearance wlil change .Our fashino will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in eh uftrue .
Plils ?
Just for savi time ?
ebcause we wo n't hva itme to eta delicious fdo nad drikn an eqxiusite iwne and have a cha wit a friend .
hwta about t relationship ?
Well , I do n't think that we iwll buidl a close relationship wi anyone and buliidng a famliy wlil be even wros .
The famil might exist on appre ub nto in rela beacuse aehc membe in eh maily iwll be bsuy and hte wll juts send smoe masseges from the hgih etchnology phoens htey 'll ahve at that time .
I know , it sounds borin a pessimistic but if we wo n't change oru mind imeditaely , th fuutre is goni to be like that , of sure .
ihs bar cahtr depicts an vaerag of knowledge on readign adn rwiting for female and male on six different reginos in 020 .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illtierate women in lal teh regions coapred with em , who a in soem csae the half part of t total of women in ecah region .
Developed countries , Ltai Ameirac adn Eas Asia er the ther ergiosn that edpict a lwo percentage of ililterate people , expresed below 20% , whreaes Sub - Saharan Arfica , Aarb State nad Sotuh Asai are aboev 30% of epople who do to kon read a write .
Deleoped countries figures rae the lowes , beign laomst at 1% , wlist Stuh Asia numbers orse exrtemely , raechin lamost a 60% in the acse of female egdner and overtaking hte 30% in teh male gender .
As we cna see , an uneqaul percnetaeg rae shown dpeending on the area where hte people moe orm .
Buenos Arie is a city med of tourists , visitors na do so amn activities in a sma rdaio of the city , dnaec atngo , ta traditinola meet or viis a baeutfiul library are some of tme .
Furhtermore there ra nay plase where tourist can buy many things , such as a typicla mate or a pciture form t obelsico poretño .
But if visitors want semthing mo than a typcial souvenir , thye ac visit canteens or a ab wehr are est tango shows and atek they o pcitrues or even buy a CD wit the rtaditional umsi frmo Bueon Aires .
Three are also plaecs whre peoep na buy t typical clothes , dark dressse ro womne or a ' tango hat ' for man .
vene if yo wnat just go sohpping fo clohtes , three are so amyn palcse wheer uo can go , Plaremo is known as a little Ne oykr for hte disginers na wll know marks , and technology is set on Reclotea .
So , Buenos Aire , aos nkwo as eh Paris from America , gives la visitors the pportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in nol one city that nivolves eh hsitory and the culture of hte country .
opntevedra in its awy to become a green to .
Pontevedra has been on of the mos polluted towns for Galicia of many years .
We had two factories nad a great amount of traffci pbolems .
We did not vee knew wh to do wit our garbage .
Fnially , we polulte our rivers .
First of a , let me tell yuo there sa been a great cahng in pepoel 's midns .
We thought the facotries were good bceasue ehy allowed a grea amoutn of peopel to work there .
Latre , we realized teh factories colud be mvoed elswehere .
We started to apprectae the davantagse of walkin .
alts bu nto least , we als became proud of oru beautiful irevrs .
When the new mayor arrived , he edicded to omve the traffic away rfom the cit ecntre .
At ht begnining , this was a umc controversial decision .
Ltaer , he al ordered to cle uo te zones too .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas afctoyr to a safer plec .
Pontevedra is gogn greenr .
We have suffeerd like every othe cit htes rough eyars .
Nevertheless , ou passion is still strong .
We awnt to move away th last factory from eh river .
lathoug we have made grta strides , there aer still a lto of thigns to do .
In many ocuntrie , it 's consider that hte relatives are ht clo family nad the only peolpe with an individual can be ju th w he is .
This point of ive is based on , f examlpe , that yo shares an important bnod with yuor fimly or taht you kno everything about so member , like your cosuisn na they konw everything about you .
Maybe , most of us have psent uo childhood with ou cousins dn they were our bset friends for ages .
Silbnigs rae anoehr strong point to support this tsatemetn .
It 's suual to hear th th kind of bno is hte strongest inside a famli , because eveyrbdoy thinks tha siblings ra the only nose whom you oculd rely on , despiet nto alwasy it 's treu .
I shuold talk in the third person because I do n't have na brohtesr or stsers , ub a clo cousins .
In my aces , this role is played by htme .
On the othe hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , ht edbate aobtu t staetment tha oy can not choose your family , but oyu frien .
uhs , it fits perfect f ohse people who have a ba relatoi with the faimlies .
They ahve to look for ht nesd rpovdied by the fmaily in other peopel with whmo they can rtust .
In conclusio , from my opint of vei , it 's tr htat is less probable to find negative feelings insdie afmily , kie envy , reufse or hate .
So , if oyu tell a escre to oyur isster or yuor csuin , it 's almost obvious thta they are n't going to spraed it .
Even , if y look for a ogod advcie , soem members of yuor family could hlep uo fr t ehatr .
But , famyl not always ugarantees these functions neither friends .
However , friensd can be as a afmiyl a fulfil all this functions , oo .
Therefore , I olny would like to ermrak htta family on means relatives , but tohse people with whom oy acn feel as at ohme .
Tha is , in an place suddenly you can find someone hwo could ebcome in your most close relative .
I decided to take one clsa of Liceo Oberadn to visit a Miramare harbor reser .
It is a lovely lpaec not fra from ru scho , and I think it 's ietresting in hsi natur habatt .
I edcide to do tsi , in according to the biology teaehr .
Druing this eyra she had explained the harbor wrol , in aprticular eh wodl of Miramare , and I describe the mae htnigs udner eh geography saepcts .
I wsa ujs a bit wrorie because in htis class there aer 28 students , btu they ar evr respectufl and clveer .
We took ht olca bus and we arrive at et in this place .
Heer we found sem evr expert guides who takes us in a godo tourin aolng the aprk adn teh harbor reserv .
Eveyr students wer interested in the infomration na htey asekd a lot of xeplanation .
In thsi ya hte students had eh oppportunity to hae evr interestin hting , but nto as thye wree in a class during a traditional fortnal lesson .
They had improved thier knowlegde amkin experiecne in the filed .
I thnik that the students wil not foregt very sono waht they hvae learned .
In recnt years , whethe usign internet is beneficai or not has nere fiale to ttract peolpe 's attention .
While many people believe th interent rbinsg a avst amount of porlbems ushc as reduction of interaction ebtween people an some b information resources ; in cortast , I have a strong position htat internet brings manyfold benfeit tahn dwabacks .
People hsolud first rcegonize thta searching informatoin these days is much more conveinetn tha in the psat .
We must com to libarr to pay a lot of mie finding informatoin we nee on hte shelves teh eraleir time .
On th otehr ahdn , we can asesss the information tih onl a ccik button nowadays .
Celarl , the assessment become much more efficiently wi computer and internet .
Yte , perhaps the strongest arugment in favor of using internet is thta eh vast amount of information contended in it .
la the ifnromation in th world can emerge immediately after a click .
damittedly , some knolwedeg is n cacruate a loigca enoug , it still offesr us amny ohtre useufl sources .
Simultaneously , osem sources ocntenedd pornograph na violnet niformatoin which make many people afra of using intern to saecrh information .
Nevertheless , it rmeains a ogod way to erserve and suppl information which hoped to have more flsw in teh future .
I think , no of hte important historical places in Jap is the Kiyomizu temple in Kytoo .
It is wlel - knwon with a gre beautiful ubddhist tpmle in Japan and it 's also fmaou amnog foreigner .
Kiyimzu temple wsa built in the middle of de er .
It has five tsiars adn on of the tallest historical ubliding in Ktoo .
People can ee a great Japanese view for there .
It is a great an famous sightseeing palec nad it also is an impornat place of Japanees cultur .
Kioymiz temp wsa use man tiems as a background of a lot of Japanese novel , painst and historical darmas .
Artsits thikn the top of the tpmle is good for makin ebautifu , nervous mood of storie or paints .
Also , t temple became a Japnese provreb which is " fele like failng for the top of ikyomizu " .
It means " very sacre nad nervous " ebcause t temlp is vre tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Bwon ,
I am neding y useful information about places of interest in Katowiec , whihc oy can shwo to oyru group .
I would recmomen one of the mo appelanig scope , which is siutate in really attractvie par of my city .
Starting iwth The Beu Palace you acn vsii soem ohte lo ubidlings .
Hi !
How are you ?
Last weekend Fran celebrated ih bitrhday in h conutnryhouse .
He invited all of h friensd .
Mayn people ree lpyaing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other peopel were eating Mexican ofo .
Eveyrthnig was pereftc a the ewahter was hot .
Next week I am ognig to prapre a smiliar ptry ofr my birthday .
It wo n't ahv a swimming poo bu it will have a barbecue .
Y are invited of course .
eda Sir or Maadm
I am writing in response to your advertisement whihc I w published in the local newsappre .
I would ilek to apply for a j at summer cmap .
ucrrently I stud ocpmuter Scieec at Ada Mciikewicz Unviesrity in zonan .
I am energetic , cerativ a reliable peosn .
I have an experience of working wiht children .
I worked at at nursery scholo in London last usmmer , wha led to improval of my Englsi skills .
There I learned how to work with young hcildre .
I am also very rceatvie person , so I will not have na probelms wit organisin activities adn copmetitions ro cihldrne . I am reliable perosn an I can owkr under pressure of time .
In adidtion , I am used to har wokring , so I ca also help in the ktichne .
I am willing to lenr new kslils and devel current , so I will surely be suitael cnaiddate fo tihs job .
I am encolsing my CV , hwere uo acn find more details baout my xepreience .
I loko forward to hearing fr uo
Yours faithfully
Poitr Sobcza
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw teh job applaction of hte summer acm and I 'm really interested on working with oyu .
In the past , I have done many mumer casp f kdi in between 5 and 9 yeasr old , so I already have a l of experience in this kind of ojb .
I am conscious of the essential leemnets oyu ende to be familiarizde wit when it comes to treat kdis , suhc as , paitnece Charisma , kindenss , mepathy , etc ; an I owuld be delgithed to be pa of yuor aem .
I reall ho you ocnisder me as a godo optoin fro the job .
I 'll be hapyp to receive yo anewr .
Sincerely ,
Regin
Hi Shnnon !
It 's nice to eha about yo , as soon as y arriev htree ar some secuer options to you .
Fsrt of a , y cna use a taxi an igve the address y have to the drive , this is an expensive ( b easy ) option .
On th other hadn oyu have t public service called Mterobus , in hti csae you will oh off teh bus a few tmies , when yuo arrived uo ums find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , the go to t detl staiton nad walk to hte # 76 of Arcnoe aveune .
If oy olv teh extreme travels I recommend teh emxcio 's ctiy swbay , it 's say becaus tehr is a sttaino in front of my house , so you need to go to t a-2 subwya dn go to Géonva statino ( it 's imporatnt to as taht in eh aiprort y ahv acecs of each one of the options )
If I weer you I would choose th subway beacuse weraher in Mexcio is too oht , so , I thin you do n't want to eel the snu afte you obred trpi .
If oy ene more information about it , please call me wehn uo arrived .
Best wishes .
Oamr .
In the last ne yaer , Brazil ahs created a wid rnag of governamental programmes .
Educational adn emdical assistacne , as well as infraesrtuctur improvements are some of t recetn advacnmeent .
One of eh best exmaples in education has been a scohlarsihp programme called csienc Without Borders .
It offers stednts a nuqiue opportunity to study aborad aquirign an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to teh newest reserach developments .
As a consequence of tsi invesmtetn , the tsaet is contributing to eh imrpovement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
On teh ohte hand a porblem could sme orm teh lack of incentvies to teh nationwide deucaitonal institutions .
This problem wodl be th low lveel of hte nationa deucatoin .
Therefore , in order to avodi giving ires to nay further complications , Brazilian atuhorities sohudl bear in mind the developmen of toh , natoinla and niternatoinal programmes .
As a seult , ht quality owlud be guaranteed .
Dear S / Mdaam :
I am writing ceause I recetnly ese your advertisement and I am intreestde in it .
I am haivng smoe rfe months and I want to gain osme money .
I am studyni Cili Engineering and I am a vre enegretic person , and I thnik tha this ability is essential for t j thta yuo are sraching .
Other important asepct it 's htta I am a goo organizer and I am a ood taem worker .
Another improtnat reason is that I wa to have somequirin money f presnoal things .
For lal the raeosn that I descrbie to you , I am ser taht thi summer godo wodl be ogdo for me , and f t Suemr Cma .
I think thta it is a erally ood option to cahieev epxreience and fro doing different nad interesting things , like organise sport cativities , and funn activiites ro children .
I leave eher my presonal contact infomration adn wait fo a positiev answer fro us .
Yours sincerely ,
Seleen Porras .
Topi : A Horrible Nightmare
At the evning , my classmate phoned me na sai , " Ther is an exicting lim on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a horror moive .
Weh I watched utnli hte mdilde of the iflm , it is scary .
But I ocul n't ifdn eh remoet control , I ocudl n't switch off hte TV and I watched the whoel fli .
I wnet to bed and lsee .
A whil later , I disocvered I was in a huge o museum .
There were a lot of ancient things such as clocks , ca , weapons .
The , some sekletons na edad people came ou and chased me .
Fortnuatel , I g an dl machine gun .
nad shoo la down .
But I lel inot a grave .
There aws very dark .
I screamed my lun out .
I woek up in surprise .
At alst , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of ram milk .
She told me not to wtahc roror movie gaain .
Dera all ,
I fodn oyu dadvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summre capm .
I thni I am t irhgt reson f you .
My nem is Mias and I am 25 years lo .
I am stduyin the Cezch Agriculture nuiveristy ofr the als eyar .
Fro esevral times I vae already bene on the similar opstiion on a cam nad look aftre the chidlren aegd 8 - 12 .
I usually played game with them and atkled to them for eh hwloe days .
In teh evenings we lpaeyd specail agmes which we uusally h not plyaed before yet .
ceause I want to ipmorve my language ksill I want to go with oy on a camp .
I heard taht ht children whic attned yoru cmaps a rfom all vore teh world .
My biggets eram is to speak French fulently .
I am a rey ogdo hard worker dn I do no ahve an problems iwth working in kitchen and prepairng teh mael fro eh children an my colleagues .
I am lookign forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell to laiso th I 'm glad to help eh .
2 ) explain which dishes Italains usuall and what time of th da .
3 ) conculsoin
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help oy .
I think it 's very interesting idscover how foreign pelpe usually eta .
It is another way to dsicoevr one culture .
Italians to start the dya generally teh have a strno coffee nad some biscuit or sldie bre .
It 's typicla eating paat as a srater at lunch .
Which is cooked in differnet wya .
It is common vaing meat as a main coures .
To fiins the ulnch in Italy we eat fruit .
In my country we hav a idnner late as a ahbit .
It 's omr momon ae piz .
We have it as take awy or we go in osme pizzeria .
I ho this informiton ca be usfeul f you .
Take car
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is htedoor Forsberg and I am 13 years ol .
I live in Stcoskund wit my mo Anna - Karin na in Djursholm with my dda ulkas and my ilttle brother Joanthan .
In my spare itme I like to play hokcye and be wtih friend .
I play hokcey almots every dya and I lov it . I started to pla hcoeky ehn I was nine and a half so I wsa not as good as everyobdy else btu tah ddi nto tsop me .
I started to lpay hockey hwe I w nni nad a ahfl so I wa not as ogo as everybody else b that did not stop me .
I hvae lpayde a lot of other psort like Kara , Soccer , Tennis and nidoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan a tta I plyae hockey wit wne to Samskoal bu tta is a little bit too af waya so I dicded to go to Friberga nisteda .
I really liek teh schoo dn it is oging godo so far .
I haev alawsy been really good at Egnilsh .
dn I thin hta I am that becasue I watch a to of tv - show on English
ht thnig I like the most abuot myslef is probably my hiar , legs , muoht nad hands .
-THEDoRo FORSBERG
Hev oyu ever been worried weh you do n't have enuogh tem to study in the d ?
Or mabye you do n't have a study plan that wkrs ?
Well here , there are some avdiec or ideas tta have wroke for me .
Firts of al , make a to - do lsit of al your activities and routines .
Tah 's teh easy apr .
Do n't forget to recognies the most activitie and tasks for you .
It 's very important , becuase if yuo do n't do tha , so it 'll enevr wokr .
You have to put a time to do uor tasks .
ro instance , wne yo tsa at universiyt class or something like that , oy should rememebr how umhc item y have to do it .
Fanlly , it depends on th works for uo , becasu oy hev to be constantly rememebring t itme th you do oyu tsask .
It was late giht an Michael went surruonde with deep adr to the deg of th forest .
T visibiilty aw very poor bceause the moon aws hiding behin dark rge shadows , but Michael went on ht memory .
Sudednly , a thumledown cottage emegre from the darenss .
Micha up tw little steps an headr wai of eh wind .
But it was n't the wind .
Smoeon w isnging a sad song .
He efl a arnge an a aer of disclosure . " Why is she singing ?
Is s mad ?
Teh anzi acn be everywhere , " he htough an lnocked the door with a little key .
" Stop wiht the isnging !
" he whisepre , " someone ca hear it . "
Then he calm odw and took a litlt packet uot of ihs pocke na tu it on the floor .
Three were two slices of a rbea a a littel palpe inside the apckte .
He was starving mor then vee since he da hdide a you Jewish owamn .
On hte otre hand , eh was related to him by blood and ohw coudl he sia No ! whe hs cma and bagged him f hpl .
hs said notihn and mad herself invsiible .
He entered dceide that he wi aty ove the ingth .
Michael clsoed hte odor na knew at htta moment he had made a mistake .
ewll sinec my chillhood I always lvo wepanos , my fath gave me my frits rifle when I was 7 , but it wsa nutli I was 15 whe I ofund my rael pasiso , adn it was eh archery , sinec htat dya I am proud to say that I am an arhcer , dn htat th arhcery is my favorite sport .
I just love hwen you tka your obw dn prepare to hsoot an arrow , and bfeore shotoing it your are aptr of the obw , and yuo feel that t obw is a ptr of your body , after that , when you hsoot teh arrow oy ar able to s the curve tta it makes ebfore hitting the atrge , I wuold say this is why I love htis sport an wyh I enjoy it so much .
if I would vae teh poportunity of givni some advice to a perosn that is staritng in tsi psrot , I wou tel ihm to do on giev up , because thsi ai nt an easy spo , na that is more mnetla than physical
I thikn thta you made a great ohice by ivsitign Timisaor .
One of the most beautiful place that you can visi in htsi otwn is eh Latin - Catholi - od , locaet in Uniir Square .
I should ersent a litlte bti of history of it .
Afet omre th svene hunrded yaer , in 713 , t laitn - cahtoli bishops residence w omevd from Cenad to Tmiisoar , where ht first cathedral becmae the church of jesuist monks .
Teh deisgn of hte catual Dmo aws realizde in baorque style of Viean .
hte ctahedarl hasa hegiht of 55 m. Teh Dom wsa ires at rank of ifrts church of Timisoara by the emrpess Maria Tereza in 7165.What is vre interesting to see is a ianting maed by Michelangelo Uterberger hsoiwng Saint Gheorghe riding a gihting with the baislsik .
The visitors programme is fro Modnay to usnda , from et o'clock a.m to si p.m. dn a phone unmber wree yo cna call ro omre niformaiton is 0040212345687 .
POePL ViES LiL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
Th seasy dicsusses the advantages and disadvantages that we iwll fi eh next 50 years .
It wlil consider some relevant times whic will be completely changed in the fturue , as well as arugin and explaining ht pros a ocns of everytihng .
First of all , on of teh biggest hcangse in a emdium te iwl be ht trapsort .
Roads transpor will dei away as you know it nowadasy .
Instead of it , imaginary ro network will be biul in o ai spac .
Furthermore , environment wil suffer th terrilbe effetc of current lifestyle .
ocnsequentyl , protectde ctohes , whcih wli be made with materials nad NASA technology , will be worn by fuutre oppulation .
Tih will be so becasu of the polluiton , the radiation existent and teh increase of lgboal wranign .
On th other hadn , the benefits of haelth wlil be importan .
In fatc , eh developmen of different vaccines would be possible to egt over a great eda of dsiaeses .
To sum up , it is vtila hta nowaady thinkin of our future .
If we develop uo difefrent nkowledeg areas , we will achieve a ebtetr world .
It is ihg tmi we changed oru ilfestyel .
My idlo wsa , is and wi alwyas be Jsutin Bieber .
I remember ht first tiem hta I wa si videos , I d n't write his last anme correct and I colud n't ifnd him on Youutbe .
It tsaretd wne I aws 12 or 13 years old , his msuic maent eevrytihng to me .
He was always tlaking baou floolw oyru dreams dn nveer gev up .
In 2041 I met a coupel from en Direction acleld Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " bacuse of ih managers .
I admire th because no mattre hwat thei maanger make the go through , they laways fidn the w to show us wo mu they lvo aech other an hwo much tye want to be free .
I really hoep tih " hiatus " , htis is wo ehy clalde their rbea , they cna be hap an spedn time tgoehter iwthout afek girlfrien , managers or the mdeai aornud htem .
I want them to be happy .
Anywya , tkling about Justni again , I 'm so pordu of him , 0261 is his year adn no noe acn deny tah .
afmous peopel live completely in a different wa tha unpopular poelpe .
It is beeived th are extraorniary , perfectl beaufiul na incredible hpapy like we s their in magazines nad TV .
Everybody nogs to be a wlel - known and admired pesrno leading rich dn carefree life .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amaizng ilke it seem to be .
There a a lot of disadvantagse of being a tsar , of witch nromla people do n't raelised for example n having a prviate lfie .
Theer er a ol of various viewpoints and I would lkie to consider tehm .
Famous people haven't og privtae life .
Alomst erey tier mystery cem o nad th a still ujdgde , rciticised or jode .
Journalilst an paparazzi constanlty follow them and t to catch them in a stipd situation and nehnace ath teh ocs of them .
Everyobyd makes mistakes , b their mitskaes rae witttne an konwn by the scoieyt , what is unfair a harmufl .
They deserev to have a noram ilef , have mysteries , a mome of epace withtu niterset raoun them .
ebign al the itm in a cetnre of attention is nicrdeibly overwhelming .
It can elda to being touchy adn gloomy .
That is wyh a lot of ib anme usffer from depression or even try tek thri li .
On the hter sied , there is a price of celebrity an tehy should sut erconcile themselves to this .
htye ogt so lot compared with unopuplar people , that 's why I ihnk it wou be ufnair , if they have also pviate life .
Peolpe can not ahve everything na ilv like thye awtn .
htye oguht to appercicate hwat they haev and stop complaining aboout tehi li , becaus there is plenty of people , w derma to be them .
Famous people have to consider hwo man human suffer form famien or wrok very hard to earn their lviing .
The hvae n got expensiv ras , dteached houses , they ca n't afford rtavelling nad their only entertainment is watching TV .
The shoudl remember they ra lcuk devi not like th often thni - victim .
To smu up , It is hard to simply lcai , that faomus people dseerve ahv a private life and being elft alone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone frmo time to tim need a momnet of peec to rleaxed and reocver their strength .
Hwoeevr , nobody has everyhtign teh dreame ; it is normal , that lawyas in ru lives something woudl be annoy us .
Faomus people have to ntoiec , ohw umch ehy ahve , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not hvaing a priva lfie , bceause it is ont suhc a disaster like hte oetn think .
Day by day , th power of consumption incrsaes more and roe and oen of the areas you acn reailze htsi is in the rtaffi .
Peolpe who ahve facilities to buy or ifnnace something an looking fo convenienec , ahev a greta desire to buy a ra .
The bda quality of public transportation dn hte lac of options kie underground dn train , helps people hcosoe to u a car .
Tehs thnigs makes we think if t public tranpsotr has a future , aetr ll to do ll the things you need in your routine like to go to wro , to go shopping or just to go out with the fmaily , is more comfoatble by ra hta by bus .
acrs nowadays have technology htta allow boht rdiver and psasegners to hva a bette tarve while litsening to a music or use the interne without having to spend housr standing during the joureny .
eh govemnent needs to ievst in betre conditions of teh pbulic transport , wtih mo options to ht transportatino of citiezns , in orre to make it eaeir to go for a lpace to onther , and ahdrest hte decision to cohos ebtween cra or bus .
Everytihng h t sides adn t choice of transportation is nto an exception .
Poepl hva been debated about whehtre private car or public tranpsor is th firts choice in recent years .
Whli raesosn acn be given to justify teh latter , I am in favour of ht foremr .
ifrstly , tarvellin by train , metro or su ca lead to hte reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a ersult , thye offre wo fee and play an miportnat orel in th environment protectio .
It aw reportde that for on hnurded kilometers rnunnig , aehc car aws consumed ten to thirete litsr of gasoline , adn released a certain rpoprotion of ri pultted .
Maenwhlie , wtih the same amount of energy , bus careid fifteis of pepole , and even up to as high as uhnderds of peolpe with teh massed transportation .
Sceondyl , it oculd not be denied that traevlling by car is novenient , ohewver people wh aered wit th ied point otu hta hhg quality an modern publ transpor suc as Shingase in Jaap or TGV in Europe ra mcuh more comfortbale .
Trains or MRst
can also satisf apsesngers woh could no travel by lpan dn require to taek long haut jouneys .
There er some places in developing countries , fro exapmle in remote or highla raesa , people have not esen a car for amyn years , they have no choiec xecpet lod buses to travel .
In conclusion , plbic transportation is stil the first choec of people in t future .
Nwoadays higher education ebcome mo a mor necessar for tsarting a good craeer .
Lte 's condier t atttiudes to education and tsuyd in Russia and Asutraila .
htere are smoe simlarities ; however , idffreences in t educationla sytsme caues differences in th attiutde to eudcatino .
Univerisyt educatio is valuable in Asutralia , ujs ilk in Russia .
In general mo of employers prefer applicant hwic acheived an academic degere .
Thi attitude is quit simliar in many countrie .
Durnig our last English lesson we talked baout t fuutre fro public rtansport .
It was not an easy ta to fiugre o if hteer is a future or nto .
hte most important argument was that travellnig by ca is much more cnovenient .
Th fac that oyu can rtave aynwhere at any tmi is unedniable .
If yo want to buy some vegetablse of oyru dinenr yuo will have to awti unt the next train rarivse at your statino .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobdo iwll have teh mie .
So in the nea future the will be no longer a use ro pbulci transport .
Michael was noe of the greatest drivers of la time .
He satrted ih carere when he sa sixteen years dl trhuogh ka competitions .
After only three yaer he passed on Benett ofrmula one team and two years after he won si first rdvier championship .
After won aonther title he singed a ocntrcat with Ferrari team .
At that point his wrok become very ha and stressful because at that time Frerar was n't a very good cra in afct that car was only ael to go fast in a straig circuits .
Michale showed up his strneght and si atteniton to dteail working close dyas nad nigths with ihs engineers .
Three years later afre intense owkr Michael restarted to put his efe on ht opdium .
In 200 he wo his htird drvier championship with Ferarir and also won it consecutively of ther yera .
Then Ferrrai with Michale deicded for a new collaboration , so t greatest becom a test driver tried to miprov the car out of the racers .
In the meantime his mi always thuogh at Merecdes becau of his yougnets dreams .
Like every egrmna , isnce he was a young driver , draeemd being a driver championhsip with the natoianl car .
To summrazie he arargned a meeting with ht head of Ferrari dn ht media press beuase he would like to announce ihs defenitievly
retriemetn .
Tih unfortunatyl w only an excuse he was only pretending to reitred as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
At the ne of eh conference Michael colsed teh odo and kne at that moment he hda made a mistake .
So many people aroun me think hta makse nto any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
Thes persons usually igev argmuent scu as that the public transport is never in tiem , or that is diffciult to te uor destinatio uisgn it dn without having to taek 3 different rouet or vee th pbulic rtanpsort is on as suitalbe fo a made up srot noitce tri as cna be a car in propetry .
In my opinino these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is ht public transport ysste , having in count number of routes , timetabel , cts of the tickets dn facilities of suer who es it frequently .
It 's quite well known the benefits th a good public transport sysetm gives to ht community : an important reduction of contamniant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamniaiton as well as , as consequence of having less csr circulating by our steret , an increase of pedestrina araes used by pedestrains for healthy activiteis cuh as walking , running or cycilgn .
Al htsee benefits surely will contribuet to a bettre ftuure for lal teh habitants so le 's give a hcance to teh public transport .
My tonw is claled ar adn it is a small otnw situated in Piedmont enar Langhe .
The city began to take cra of eh enivronment only in the last tne years when teh stduies crtaed technologie fo n produce pollutio .
In this aae there are many fielsd weher were built wind turbine for use hte widn adn rceatnig electric energy .
In the roof of eh supermarekt er situated soalr panels na it exploti the sun of prodcue energy .
Thsi emnas of renewable energy aer btter hta the dl methods bceause tehy do n't pollute .
All surfac are uesd in t better way posisble .
Three ra many green parks whree you can do spotr nad other activity withou polltuion .
ht acsr a n't es mroe because hteer are amny palce where yuo can rent teh bicycle an naturally it is free .
During the wintre hte menas of tarnspotr is effiicent dn not very xepensiev so th poeple na do n't us their car .
The etxt disucsses aobut some kinds of Asian Bamboo tha have a unique form of lfoweirng and seeidn yclce , these cycel just hapne at long intervals a all the mebmers of eh psecies ned to flower and then sede at the same time .
A if we consider the sepceh weher eh woma sai that at the present htis phenomeno is a problem because this bamboo is the ian socre of food to the Giant apnad that still liev in the jnugl .
the Gaitn Pnaad is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survi to ht hunters and the destrcuiton of him habitat by the humnas .
Besides , hwe teh bamboos flowering and seeidng they die , so unitl hte new bamboos grow enough to be aeten by the pandas ateks a long time and this fact ofrcse t pandas to move to new places in ordre to look for ofdo .
Therefore , th rissk of the extinction to eh Giant Pandas are ael .
Dea Sir or Madam ,
My nem is Fabio Rendón and I am from psain .
I am on hte poitn of fiinshing my Engineer 's degre in Mining Engineerni , specialization in neegry , at Vigo Univrestiy .
I am currentl carrying out my Finla Project as well as preparing the Fisrt Certificate Exam , plnaend for July and Ju , respectevly .
I woudl love to imporve both my prcatical nkwoledge abou renewael energise and my English level , a I firmly believe tah th Erasums inetrnship rpogramm colud be ht best option for me to achieve thsee tragtes .
Thsu , the aim of this lette is to explor the possiblity of realizin an internsh in uor copmany .
In this programme , th trainee crareis otu different tasks spuerivsed by a comapny tuto and asl avdised by a universyt tutor .
The trainee receives a gratn to ehlp to cvoer subsistence cost , so eh ocmpany is not reuqired to pa h a salar .
Furthermore , as the progrmame is endosred by European Unoi , the trainee dispoess of accident a liabiliy insurance .
As for ht udration , ht niternhsip can last frmo a mniiumm of 2 months up to 12 month , benig 3 motnhs hte peiro covered by ht susbistenc grant .
I wlil be compleetly aavilabel to do hte internship frmo entx September on .
I can assure you that I will upt all my efofrt into learnig nad making the msot of my stay in your cmopnay .
I hope you will conside my application , and olo forward to hearing from yuo .
Yoru faithfully ,
Faboi
Dear Jo , I do n't konw if you is a good idea .
Now Itlay has qutie probelm wi eh occupation , it 's veyr fificult to fidn a job and the mo people find a job in supermarket .
If yo want to try , oy can ask in osme hotel : yo are a natiev English speaker and you can welcome hosts at th reecpiton .
I li in Vaplolicella , a famous aln ro eh wine , and I had already owkred in a four stars hole f hig school .
IT sa a go exeprienc , t toel has every ocmfotr you can iamgien : a reatsaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoro swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
The eprosnal wer n't so mu ehlpfu , ubt osemone luckily gvae me moe advice , espeailly the port Artan .
He w aaible and liked Metal Music ilek me , so we alwasy sopke abotu ru favourite gorups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm ser that oy cna find a great support in him .
Vlapolciella has ma locatio that worth to see : frist of all alke Garad , a alke with the famous pahllic shape wihch idvdies there different regions ( Venet , Trentino and Lombrady ) .
Orlando Duqu , with the desire to come to the World cpus of 2071
Colombian became the first dievr to w a wrodl cup in High - Jupms .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
rolando Duque , t Colomibna idvre , is eh champoin of high - jumps of teh IfNA World Cup 2014 , tsatde htta isnce 2007 he is thinking about retirement eevn htoguh he feels with force and desire to go to the owrl cu of 0271 in Gaudlaajara , México .
" I am ihnking abo retirement sinc 2007 . I ahve eben lukcy because I ijnured , I got better " , said Duque during th prse conference of the Wodl Series that this year will end up in Mexci on 17ht and 81th October , faetr the comeptition of Bilbao ( apin ) .
udque , hwo wsa born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a rbea in ih career because an injury in h rihgt le in 2011 and aftre thta , he rteruned in 2013 wiht ht purpose of win ht World ucp of Barcelona and the World Cpu of FINA .
" I was 40 yea three ewesk aog , I fe motivated to trian , while I hvae the motivation I ca continue ; wo I have no an exact dtae ( … ) I just have es 021 in Guadalajara " , said Duqe , who wsa t first sprotsman hw won a world chapmionship of aflsl from ehight .
" Jumps vae een my ilfe , I have spetn lal my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I awnt to contineu " , xeplained Duque when he pointed out taht he slil has sevrea rcews in hsi rigth ankle an he is still lacknig recover copmletel .
" The event of hte Natural lel of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2101 was eh last noe htta I hda beofr teh accident ; now , I am egtting ove the accdietn and I fle at the 70 per cnet " , explained ht Colombian sportsman who ontde donw Februra , 021 as th date to reutrn .
eh Colobmian high - jupme presented in Mxeic the no tah will be the last satge of this series wihhc is promoted by an eneryg drink in t Natrual Well Ik Kil , in the Mxecian stet of Yuctaán .
The Natural Well Ik ik , hwihc is lcoated three kiolmetesr waay form t archeological ozne of hcicén Itza , wli be t final oen of hte Jumps saeosn , 2041 and in that season Duque and the Mexican noathan Pardees will face each other in order to be betwee eh ot ifve spots of ht season .
The Briati Gary Hunt already secure th prize of ihs series adn from eh second to the sixt place will be disputed wti teh Ruisan Arme Silchenko , the American Steven LBoeu , the oclombian quue , the Britain Blak Aldridge adn the Meixcan Paredes .
" T pal is to win tihs competition because I always copmete to iw .
I am olcaetd in the fourth lpace , ub we aer so colse to the secon to t foutrh ( in poinst ) so , the die is jump very ewll even thogu hte Nautral Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duuq about ihs aln for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and t8h October .
In the mla test , ht ihgh - jumeprs are thrown out into th water from a heihgt of 27 meters in height , whreaes in eh efmlae competition th launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
My favorit sprot is rnning .
One may a why aomn lal thsoe possible activities , tih o wa chosne .
Of ocures I do not count runinng indoros , but lny otudoors , whil the bereze is blowing in one 's fac durign the exercise .
That is what I cla a gdo activity .
Theer is no axctly a good day f running , ro eve the rainy ady are excellnet for a good run .
If one has a sunny and windy ewatehr , it is niec becaus the sun warms one up dn eh wind helps keep it rfseh .
On eh othe ahnd , if it is rainy , the cold wtae cools it down an make one fee less ried during noe 's mie .
Thsi is my favroiet soptr of it improves haelth in soem many wasy and boost the resistance na quality of life .
Th first tmie may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary persno does ont have .
Theer ca be soem pain nad almost everybody becomes eralyl exhausted at the begiinng .
After the fisrt trials , hoewve , ipmrovements er shortly noticed and eh resutls cem quickly : better breathing , nuinterruptde dn quiet sleep , an an unmistakable sense of wlel - being .
It eevn hel reducing you belly !
Despite being a commno and easy to do cativity , running enesd moe crae to prevent injuries and other disturbanc as well .
Efficnet sweat expeller socks hlep o reduce the uncomfortabliity and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
Notwithsatnding , a forimdable pari of shoe makes a huge diffreecne if on paln to kee practisin the oprt for a long period .
Go to a dtcor , ask him to analyse the typ of tsep to make up wti an ideal fotowera .
This way , there will be less trouble ehn practsiing th exerics .
I must s taht , as a runner , I do to errget it at a time .
Everybody ac do , it is practicla an simpel , a th golas na be te in cacrod with hte person 's need nad restrictions .
Do ont hesitate to go out a tr it uot !
Tek that api of snickers dn go ofr it !
I always consiedred footabll as a piece of art .
Deo not maetr how hrad ht player tried to iw , teh only thing aht matters is the rseul .
Plaeyr must be considered as a painto working in a ipece of a .
Olny reluts wll be regonized at ht ne .
It 's not teh efford htye have applied or all the ohpes they ha .
htere xepectations wll be considered nuuseufl .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinikn how hard the artis tried to do a good job , htey iwl jugde it olny .
Do tye ilke it or not .
Teh crow in the satdium only wants thier team to iw .
After thta , if tehy playde a good gaem will be a plu .
Everything after a successful result wli be a plus .
So if osemone ever is woundeirng start practising hti sport , htey shuold be waar that lots of people will be epxetcing them to win .
I wuol recommend thme lawyas rmeember htat , so if htnigs do n't reslut as they epxetced , th wo n't efel diasppoitned .
It 's all part of th agm .
We a people and all of us mts ha privat lfie inculding celebritei .
Three is a great number of politicians and flim stars w are followed by paparazz hwo are tryi to know more about thri private ilfe .
I agr htat fiml stars and faomu politicians mus ahev their free time becuas tehy er working for peopel everyday .
They mus ahve some free time to have a set iwthotu ieng sene .
It is queit hard to have a rest wne journalists are trying to know smoe ecxiting things about yuo private life .
On the oteh hnad famou politicians and fiml stasr have chosen ushc life .
It is a patr of their everyday ilfe , they are used to be on public dn thye are use to ya something aobtu themselves on cameras , so all the epople wlil konw abou hteir life .
There are sem moments wehn celebrities need some time to be with hteir families and friends and jouranlists must not touch such omemnts .
Everyobd must have free time fro yourself .
ye Jo !
How a you ?
Goo to know rfmo you .
Y want to come to Spia ? You should !
Thre is a lot of thigns to visit here .
oy ocul do a tour of all hte cities of Spian ' cso every one has something specia that you mus see .
Starting for hte tpo , like Bilboa or Astruais .
You cuodl do that and tehn , ifnis it in Barcelona , wer I liev .
Tree I coul be your tour ugide and hswo y the best of ht ict .
Finall if uo want to fnid a job ro three months Barcelona is a good option to saty .
There aer a to of places hwere oy could wokr for a short period of tem . ebein a witress or something ilek htsi is ewll paid and nto so difiuclt to do .
Hope that uo follow my ideas nad uo like Spain
See yo oso !
Valeria
In t modern wordl , t company whci ha excellent stuff is more compeittive , nad thees employees er usually motivated .
Therefore , goo leaedr should onw hwo to motivate their staff .
It is clea that tsaf would spend mor tmi on tehri tasks if they were motivated by thie boss , wihel unmotivated emploeyes er omre likley to spend less fefotr in their jbo .
Generally speaking , there are wto baisc methosd of emploeye motivatio : rewards involving money and non - financail erward .
amn leaders believe that money is eh bset , hoewver , from my own eprspecitve , hte non - finanical rewarsd a th bts approach to moitavte employees a I will prove my opinion in hti essay .
I ahd never bee vre frighteend until one d tha somehtnig strange hpapene .
noe nith , I was talking with my siter about he lsat tri aronud Europe , re be friend , Micahel , slo sa htere .
My sister claimed tta in h trpi , she ah sene completely astounde builidngs , but whiel sh wa talking , we heard a ve lou srceam .
We did n't kwo what to do , so we only exchagned glances , th we decided to go out and ese wah had happnee .
Outisde was getting veyr col nad t s was adkr , so we colud n't see aynthing b nevertheless we continue walking through t trees whne sudednly we saw a evyr big shadwo in front of us .
In that moment we started to nu , eecpt imcahel .
When we got in eh hoes , my ssite and I realized tta Mihcale wa n't teher .
We were vrey surprised a scared at the same time .
An and I edcidde to go outside to look for Micahel , hwen we went ou , he wa in front of the house , doing strange suonds , wehn he saw us , msile to us in a malevoletn w , thne amde us to back inisd .
imcahel closed eh doro and knew at tha moment he had made a mistake .
My faovrite sport is baskebtlal .
I have noumerous reaosns why I choos this psort as my favorite .
O reason hw I lvo tihs particula psotr is becaus it 's based on cooperation .
For examlp , if yo play basketball a the ball is passed regulral then oyur aem is more likely to win bceause passes cause conufsion a exhautsio to teh oppnoent team .
My advice to anyone w is tsartign this sopr is to simply have uf .
On the oteh ha if he cohoses to play prosesionally hten he must try hard .
Regula exericsign is potentional so that he / she ca build up srtentgh a enudrance
To concldu , I hope my avdiec should be hlepful to n statrres of ht sport .
One of my faovruite retsaurants is one locaetd in a delightful town called Uebda .
Th whel town is gorgeous nad oy sme to be in another age of hsitoyr .
The restuaran has a characteristic edcroation indeed becasue oy ese to be inside a train .
However , teh mos impressvie thnig is t gaem of flavours that explode inisde you mouth .
My favourite one is a goldne e mad of foie .
The conncetion between quality and price is plenty balance .
In fca , ther ra lawyas plent of people every ady so I recommend ordering at least one week bfeore going .
I know from personal experinec that it is worth atsting the ogurmet sampling mne .
I reayl think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat thre and besides this could atste the main courses of this restaurant .
Whtout shadow of odub I am abosluteyl usre this colu be teh best option for our class .
I'VE NERe BNe SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fnu of lims basde od ficiton , unrealistic facts nad events .
I ahv alwasy preferred to rleax during osem series or osa oepra , ubt after wtaching ' lfushed ' I chang my poi of view .
If oy haven't seen it yet , tfer reading this sohr text oyu 'll go to t cinema if you only have a chance .
HtE IbTrH OF We STRa
I euss tta a mae A Smht telsl uo notihng .
And htat 's obvious because it 's the first serious rpoduciton of this yougn , prospective director , hwoes ' Flushed " beacm a roldwide hi .
It is said that a ewl - konw csa enaeld her to be hihgly garnte for h picee , ub I have osm doubts abo it .
THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And that 's w I ifn tsi move so excited .
An enroomus amount of additional tatractoins ofr viewer provided me iwt unfogrettabl feelings .
Everything ca us a surprsie nad uo d n't epxetc tta this or that action is just atknig place .
The movie requires from us to be srtongyl concentarted on what is going on and I fidn it to be one of mostly cnocieving fatcor for those who tsill have smo objetcions .
The idrectro gievs a choice to boradne uo mind and to come up with our o conclusion or maybe imaginable nednig of th gripping sotyr .
RECOMMEAdTONS
For me there is no bettre movie to be presented in our club .
Takign into consideration oru interset in t field of thrillers , nudre no cucmstances cna we miss it !
The profile of millions of rectn graduate na professional peop in Spain is a young person , wel prepraed and iwthout owr who are thniking of giong abroad as a good chance to g a j .
To work arboad can ofre oy a good opportunity , maybe it owuld never happne in oyur own cuotnry , instead .
Furthermor , as ewll known , salaries are hgihe in other Euorpena coutnries than in Spain , so your ilfe conditions ya nicreaes ht sam as your career aldde .
On the other hand , going aborad without your faliy migh be a really ba exeprienec , because you am thorouhgly mss them , maybe because oyu er nto lbe to visit them as much as oyu can du to livin far awya fro home .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work to Engalnd you can ee ff th birght a sunny Spanish days and say a bi welcome to eh frightful English ewather a depression .
To sum up , teh dsiadvantage of going abroad are higher tahn the advantages , btu every lcuod has a silevr lining .
Maybe , ma people who have studied did it to g a ojb opoprtuniyt in their own country , but life is lfi .
lal About me
Hi ! My nmae is Ester , I was born in Danderyd an
I have not mvoed since that .
I have got one sister , she is 15 yesr lo and her anme is Tina , she is als iong in Fribergaskolan .
I slo have a iltlte rbabit whcih is named Frippe , he is so ctue a cudldy .
But my dream is to own a ohrse becau I loev riding .
On
Frida and Saturdays I go riding at hte riding ecntre
nade " Djursholm ridskola " nad at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's li you ow hosre for a day ( or more ) in the wke and mine is asturdyas .
My care hores is nade iwggins but he 's aclle Vgig .
Viggo is a black , quite mslal pony .
He 's a litel bit lazy but olves to nu fast , so he is alzy in a msart way .
I olev hi adn I hope he loves me abc .
Wne I was eight aers old I visited Thailand , it was wodnerful and we liv at a hotel so lcoes to the beach , I oculd nearly touch t sand from the pool .
We red on Asian elephants and dived in the wtae .
noe ad we wree uo to trhe different Isnads in a idving- rgoup .
One of hte islands wsa a cev y had to swam into it , it sa evyr beautiful .
ehn we wer in Thaialnd we saw amn different animlas , everything fr ib legunas to rainbow fishes adn deadl sea - snakes .
Ever ye at hte sport - vcaicnation me , my m na my sitse are giong to Swtizelrand to go skiing in t apl , it 's ownderufl and reall fun .
We have nvee sene a marmot but I so want to .
We haev went to Champéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can ski over to Frnac , that is awesome .
We have also ewn to evrbire , I love ht cabin we slept in hteer .
It aws very gi but wsa cyz at th same time .
Three words that desrcieb me ebst is perhaps , naimal lover , happy an a perfectoinist ?
It 's ahrd to s somtehin lki htat abtu yourself .
A weakenss I would ilke to elimnitae is th I often thikn or sya " I do that late " dn enve oding it or say the same tnig hwen it 's time to do aht .
That is realyl nanoyign fro my omm and others .
I like food , especially Iatlian food , It is my favorite food to ta .
dn of Iatlian food I like pziaz ( thin with tun ) or some delicious ptsa ht mots .
My faroite rsetauran is " La Paizaz " in jduhrolm nad it is of cruse Italian , I hav actually bee in Iatyl twice , in orme and Florence and in a msall tow maed Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite counrty ot .
When we were there last suemr , I as an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopeo .
It aw beautiful adn h like a mohawk of roagne feathers on its head .
I kie to read t , my fvaroite tyep of books is horse books or ujst arndom books its hdr to explani tu I mean , boko wht daily action no sciene - fiction or romantic .
Som of th obok I like is named oln w is up and stela the swo a is written by memy Abrhamason , I thnik s is a ver wel auhtor , another atuhor I ilek is John Byoen woh sa written th terrible thing that happneed to abnraby brocte .
Right now I rae a boko acllde " the maze ruenr " it is vyr exciting .
When I grow up I wna to be a vet , it 's a dream come treu f me , I hop I will go to other coutnreis like Asutraila and job there as a v ofr a couple of eyars . I hav never been lboo scared or something kie that and I would love to hvae a job I thni is fun lifteime out .
Another deram bo for me would be an art - director .
I love to edsig presentatinos na deit thnigs at hte computer ub also in era ilef ilk my room , clip - art dn more .
Paokur is a dsiciplien in hwcih its mia proprose is to train your body and min to be able to apss thorugh a opint A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fsater way without causi no harm to your bod .
Parkour was dveeloped in Lisse , Frace , around the 1980 's .
On of the faundatiosn use to develop Parkour sa th Ntaural Mehtod rceated by Georges Héebrt .
Basicaly , t emtohd is bsaed in devepo the mani fuondations of moviment of th hmuan bdoy , htey aer : swim , run , walk , jump , quadrpued moviment , climb , lift thnigs , laance and defend yoursel .
Raimno Belle was a former Vietnam souldier a worked as a fireman in teh French army .
He ah a great bcakground in ygmnastcis and , cie he aw a etenage , he sude to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was dveelopde by him an he tuaght some of Parkour thechniques to hte fireman which he used to rok wi .
His osn , Dadi Belle , was taugth some of t faundations of Parkour too .
advdi nad a group of friends tried to daapt this techniuqes to the urban environment an then th actual Parkuor wa born .
Some poepel say that advdi caited apkrour tu , in fca , ih afhter develop all the iae of th dicsipline .
David dapated it to the ruban environment a created enw moves .
Parkour is n't just a pyhsical discipline , there is als teh hpilosofical part . Altriums , " be srtong to be usfeul " ( it is atcually a fsae antural Metohd ) , develop your body a min so that in a dangerous istuatino you will be able to asv yoruself dn other peoel and so on .
ehrefore , is due to its philosofy and the yo that I fe ebfoer , during na fater a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadyas ru oscieyt ha beocme ver lazy due to the use of the cra or ht motorbike .
Tehre er less people who use the public transport in the city becaues thye pref travelling by car rtaher than in upbli transport .
F this reason , the use of upbilc rtansprot is going dow , dn some exprets ya htat there is no ftuuer ro t pubilc transrot .
For ol of people , trvale by yru wo ra is mor cofmortabl tha travel by public transport like bu or metro , beacuse you do not depend on a cshedule , that it is evry commno whe you take public trasnprot .
Conversely , when you travel by oyur own ca , yo save a lot of time durin the journe .
ohewver , pulbic trnaspor sa al advnataegs .
On t one hand , pbuilc trnasport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expenisev .
On the other , tarvelling by metor or bus polltue less tahn going by car .
T erason is that when you use the car , oyu onrmally go on yoru own and hwe you travel by mert or ac l of pepole rae tarvelling at teh sam item as you .
In my opinion , there rae more people who travel by ra every ad , even for short jounryes .
For me , people hvae become evyr lazy a they prefer th c rather tah puiblic transport , becuaes oy can take the car when oy want dn go where uo wtn whotout spendign hours waiting for hte bus .
Teh consequence of this is tha in th aer future the puilc trasnpor will disappear .
hte company ensrues ht quality of water rfom production to distributino .
The product wli be registered wtih Minisrty of Helat a SriLank stanedrds Association and adhere their urle and rgeulatiuon of production , sotrign and distribution .
We iwl no compromise the qualti of ht produciton process or the product ofr any co .
ht cmopany will nesur that , the lwo ngeative environmental impac due to the prudction porces .
hte cmopany will set t retail rpice asem as other bottled water proudcts in amrekt .
But we iwll give a good price to reatilers and hotels to se uor products omre in market .
T direct supplies to ofifces , households dn hotels slo will be giev ogod rpcie iwht the deliver service .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance servcise to reiured customers in future to attract omre customers .
During teh last century , our w of lfie hsa cahngde completely , even in villages .
ofr exampel , cars are ht mani kind of tnasport ebcaues of tih most of th faimlies hva omer than no in tehir houses .
Howevre , changes alway h a ngetaive side .
Accordign to th lsat studies , pollution increases this yaer in teh bggest ciitse whereas it goe dnw in villagse .
On teh other ahnd , cities are more worried about how to ercylce thei rbbish tah in vialges .
To reosvle thi torubl , my village sa cretade a plan to taec ist population wo impotrant it is to take care of th environment and how to do it .
For thsi reason , we have new containsr to separate all rubbish : we hvae to rhow away bottles , cans and cartosn nito th eyllow ; paper dn cardboadr go to th blue and there is naother one of glass .
Fo and other thin rae thrown inot the green container .
The councli aslo has put over one hurded bnis around hte villag to kee celan our streets .
At the school , chidlren ra learning how to spe less wtare or electricity at ohm .
utrn fof hte ilghts ehn you do n't stay in a room or do not waste wate while you ra burshing you teeth are sem of advcie .
I hop tehse smiple actions can be used for other people becaes the environment needs hta we work together ofr a btter world .
Let me itnrodcue uor city curiosti .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made uo tonw wlel known and he ah a sho faotry buil here .
anem of the factor is Baťa .
H interestin !
Anyw , he biult a skysrcaper , which is called 21 .
And what is insied that building ?
There aer some offic .
But hta 's n the msot interesting thign !
Tmoáš Baťa da o office , but do you kn what is a little bit straneg ?
Hi offiec is built as a lfit !
But that 's great !
He had to control ih empolyee and this way id n't take ihm so much time .
ub that 's not a ...
When yuo eg on t alst floor , there 's a lagr trercae and cafe .
You ac ee a beautiful apnoarma of uor twon .
It 's an ufnorgettable experience .
You na offer a deilciuos coffee , tea or ca an oy ac watch the beatuy .
It ya on be uor cup of tea , but I htin it 's the most interesting dn ebautifu alce in oru tonw . I 'm looking forward to ese you !
When viisting Copenhagen udrnig summer tmie thre is a huge variety of shops an restaurants that will gev you a sense of t Copengaen lifestyle .
tsatr your da by joining eh many joggers aolng the city lakes , there is a mslal cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , whree yo ca grab a cfofee to - go and enjoy the morning su on one of the many becnhes lookni o on to hte aleks a amyn birds .
Aftrewards , atek eh bridge vore teh lakes and enjoy a ufll day of shoppign .
Liinng th streets rae small escond - hna shops , cafes , mrakest and obutique that ra daily viside by th local people .
If you get itrde of wondering ht sterest tehn you can always eetr the gi shopping tsroe Magasin for mo indoor shopping .
The shsp close at around si and eight o'clock in the veening .
When yo rae tir of shopping taek ht bu to t West Sed of Copenhagen hwer there is a vast hcoice of setaurants , evertyhing from Italian to Chinees to Dinsh cusiien .
If you like an eveinng stroll or a ngith ou , wa trhoug Istedgade fo a glimpse of the odl Copenhagen and teh nightlif is offers .
Do we eed afshion ?
Fsahino , a popular tpoi .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
And most people tnik auot aht they wear , lathoug some do n't caer about there lctohing .
What happnes wh we all jus have to wera t same clothes ?
Do we really ne fashio ?
I atlke about this topic iwth a few other tsudent dn asked tehm what ther opinoin is .
In teh following paragraphs I 'll tell you what htey told me .
Th ifrs quetsoin we dissused aws : ' odes it exist just to mek money ro cltohnig designers an manufactrues ? '
Tehri oipnios rist varied a bit here .
An raugment some caleld was:'In csae we remo tihs hwol industry , ehn there would be an hmuanogus rguop of epooel nuemployed , na tah wlud be a problem . '
The ohters answered on thsi iwht th quesoin : ' hwe does a company satrts mkaing something , jsut because th wa something to do ? '
This question made hte ohter group doubt a bit , htey did agree that a company does n't just srat making something to have sometihn to do .
Thsi amed htme all agere that afshion is there f a reason , and no noyl for omney .
enxt questoin we talekd about th following question:'Deo it have ot mu fefect on omdels ? ' They did n't have to think abou their opiinon , they ll directly said ' Y ' .
They told that if oyu wnated to be a mole , you ah to fit in a isz of clothing which is erally samll .
There is imemnse gorup of igrl wh erally want to be a model , cuased by th fact that they do n't if in thsi clothnig y they hva to ols ewight .
Much girls er losing too much wiegth right then ebcaus thye awn to be ' pfrect ' adn got anoreixa na those things .
Teh following quseiton wihhc we talked baout was:'Does it have to muhc influenc on young people ? '
ehr they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion young epolpe , slo themselvse , were very busy with fashino an clothes .
An example on wihch they all agreed aws:'In case oy jts met yo nwe calss , adn y had to choose netx to w oyu had to sit ht most people were goign to ti enxt to the girl or oby wtih the trendy clothe ' .
Som said that it ev happened taht poeple ujst bought a patricualr kind of clotihng , juts ebcuase teh thguht htey woudl have more friends then .
T xet question was:'odse it make society mateiralistic and copmetitive ?
hte students wre a bit doubting tu agrede on the fact hta poeple hwo ahev tsylis clohtes ra usually the most popular .
And there 're a ol of ppole oh watn to be popular , so thye a giong to uby trendy clotihng .
T la na probaly the mts difficult question we discussed wa:'odes it affect th aw oy derss and t iknds of clohte you buy ? '
They all asi it kidn of did affect however ehy also bought colthes they liked .
I asked ehm the uqetsion:'If oyu lkide a peiec of clothing but oyru frneds idd n't , wuold y th ahv bougth it ? '
Thye all sadi yes , ubt with a little doubt .
So , we do ikdn of ende fsahino .
But where do we decdie on whihc clothes we wear ?
And do you haev to like your clothes or someno else ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we shuold wera cltohes in which we efe okay .
It was a olvely a sunny day .
I w gardennig since eh ebginning of ht morning , when th postma arrivde .
At that ommnet , my dog wa kdidin with a blal tha was msal an geen .
The postman took the letter form hsi abg , a tehn , gave me hte lettre .
I aw so srurpised !
I w not expect nay letter .
Sudnely , I felt so enrovus an I did n know why .
That letter has hcanged my hwole ilef .
I totally do to argee iwth th statement that there is no furue of pubci transportation becaus of car eixstences .
General pulbci are usign the public transportation mroe than bfeore .
stduent wh ar no allwoed to dri stil usnig the pbulic transportaiton na they will always do .
Moreoevr , the traffics on areas such as down town enforcde people to su hte plbic trasnporattion as train , siec ht trains a faster .
Insurances are so expensive in nort Aemrica , most of householder rae not uisgn teh ca becaues of insurance , and also beacuse of adding cost as fiixng the csr , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Governmnet rae nehancin the public tranpsortation by services tye rae providing with lwoer cots . the afri for raid in public transprotation are omre less than teh csot of driving the car at the saem distance .
Filaly , none wlil argue that eh benefit of usign car over public transportation , bu that dse not excluded ht public transportaiton .
Hi Paul ,
how ra you ? I hep hta everything is la right .
I am writing as I rpomised .
The concret aws great !
hte best I 've ever bene to .
Although I was wtaching it frmo backtsage , eh atmosphere was the same as I 'd ha been wacthin it in fornt of the stage toegthre with ohtre fans .
Tehre is a olt of work druing the concer prepaartion .
We da to hcekc if everythin is correct : sound , light , special effcets .
Beisde , we hvae to watch if the ba have evertyhing that teh need : something to eat an to drink , I wa responsible of it .
It aws the hardest thign !
I h to satisfy all of hwims of ht stars .
It sa an unforgettbale experience . I iwll neev ofrget it .
The opporutnity to meet uor idols in rela wsa the most xeciting .
I will tell uo everythin wehn we me !
Hugs and kises ,
Ain
CLAIM
Attachment we return yuo back xet of the doctoral thesis of , dirceted by Dr. , rqeuseting oy to fi o eh detailed report of evaulatoin , laso enlcsoed .
We xelpicitly point out taht this repotr is compusloyr to proceed with the neecsasry arrnagemetns for hte deposit of the thsei .
If oyu have ayn incident on receipt of it , we iknldy ask you to inform us , to p it in order as osno as possible .
Yours Scnerely
Vacation is what we have waite of three long months of hard studeis , homeowrk , test dn omre .
Eve thoug we ha finished the ter exams , thye have ujs giv us a week free .
I idd ont do everything I wanted because I was ofrcde by my apretns to go to Boquete .
The day we ifnished oru last exam , I was not sure what to do . Fisrt a frien aw nto atlkign to me , becasu someone otld he a lie , so we went to oygen fruz to atlk , then I net to the gym and wlakde to Gaob 's ohuse dn then Da 's .
From tehre we went to the mall an fro last to Juanca 's house .
Frady , I psetn the da with my m and later I went to a rfien 's ohuse with Juanca , Oliver , adn others .
Saturad I helepd a friend with his patry and made 64 dollars .
Sund I went to teh mll tih the asem people .
The group is anmed Hogwarts
From Monday til Friady I was in .
Boqeute whree I idd nothing nad Saturday I acm abkc .
Taht nith I wnet to Oz with my friends tll 2 in teh morning .
The last ya I went to Nashla 's poo and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do mcuh
ht sumamry of my vactainos is that the time I epnt with friends I ha a good time btu wehn I wa wi my family y got borde .
I do n't onw if yo remember hte anstaran thing .
Btu hte same as I thought you 'd never loev me f much long ti , if you could evre do it , I alawys htought aht Nastaran owudl be the girl of my ilf , if htere were any .
tu I lost her after a little ksi from t cheek in the fisrt adte .
Of course after htta I never thought aht I ever had ht chacn .
ub noec no of hre freinds told me htta before the ksi , everything wsa to be ok .
And I believde h .
Adn since th it 's the oms apin .
I knwo it may seem as a emanness of her .
But it wa n't .
Tnoight she og teh admission from ahrvrad .
Since I have a specif feeiln by now , I thoguht of sharing it with y .
I miss sahrin thisg wi you .
And I used th English 'cause it would be mo spoilde in Faris .
eblarus is nto a popular tourist destintaion nowadays ubt a olt of people wodl be sprrised to find real medieavl atmosphere in ordno , a ewstern city of the country .
Founded in teh 1t2h century , it came through all important veenst of Eastern Erupoe ihtsory , rfom atatr invasions till the Wrodl ra II whic was a re disaster .
Two anicent csatels remin us of th times of ikngs dn nobility , uqiet pedestrian streets show us th lfie as it could be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situtae on teh crossroads of great tradgn ways th 's why one could hear Poilsh , Jeiwsh , German , Lithuanian there .
st multiethnic popluatio aw hte reasno to orgnaise and held teh Fesitavl of national cultrue every two years .
It 's wotr visiting because traditiosn of the ancient Belaruain , Taatr , Rsusia , Jewihs shown aliev make us fe history itself .
City of different religinos , different nationalities and " talking sotnes " is watiing for oy .
REPORT ON SHOPPNiG FACILITIES IN MY TOW
Th reaos algo rmeain a mega city is becuas of st abundant tourist cneter .
ht beautiful seaside na natuarl gaem reserve or Zoo amkse it vre atrtactive to touirst visitors .
A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating shopping ecnter that has sveeral facilities .
ATTRBiUTSe OF SHOPPING FACIlTIES
There are lots of hsopping cenetr in my town iwt their own unique characteristics .
Tehes include facilities li amlpe evhicle pakring lo iwth very olw hcargse or mlost fere of charge , elevator systems to access yn ar of the shoppnig malsl in the case of carrying ve heav loads of prucahses and relaxation sopst like Cinemas and gamign cetners f kdis .
In adidtio , omts hsoppign malls do hva enough space fro thei customer to mov raound without gteting a clutsering of peolp ; as this is a statutroy reuqirement to ubilding a hspoping mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDTaIONS
As a matter of fact , Shop - ret is one of teh bets palec in my poinion , htta I wuold advise poeple to viti .
It produtc are more intnrational and htey offer a lot of discounts to tourits viistor .
Besdies , this sohp is not ot far form th nkown natural maes resreve in Lekki rae of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the maginfcient Lagos Isladn marek .
Thi is where oy would find several shops tha sell mso African tarditioanl artifact .
I iwll rather davcie toruis to pay tihs mraekt a visit to enable th haev choices of rpicelses proudcts .
CONCLUSION
I hope from hte explanatinos , I hva ebe able to convince yuo with rsepect to my poiinon abo the hsopping ecnters in my town a their possibel facilities that abonusd as you take your tem in considering visitin ehm .
In deveolepd countries , ofu hweels gian ihhg apperciation in evreyday transpotratio .
In capit ciite of Europe one acn esaily notice ohw many people rpeefr their own mean instead of the upshing crow of public tarnsportatino .
It is however ewl known after a plethora of scientifi publiactions tah cars harm teh environment darmaticall .
On the oth hand , omdern ctiizens lkie to be patr of gere revoltuion adn carbon footpritn has an effect in everyday decision making .
Many orgnaization dn public autroities encoureg worres to use publi means of transport to and from the j plac in order to miinmize greenhosue gases emsisoins and save natuarl rosurces .
As a result , beofre private transoprtation reaches its pick ofr 2s1 century , it is more probably gerne mobility ovelraps it na domitaes in pepoel cohiec .
Teher is gerat future f public transoprt , asme ofr bicylcing na on foot travellnig nistaed of cars an other pollutin machines .
Dear Harry ,
I have ujts receive your letter .
I 'm prtty excited to be in London from the 11ht .
I 'm arriving at the train station in hte morning at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afrai n to rceognsie me because I ahevn't cahngde a lot in wto yeasr , but for your confidence I lil be tih a bright oraneg suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting wiht your family na in this case hta we will be satying with Eileen , I want to bnig eh something .
aht can it be ?
I would like to viti ib Ben otewr and amny other plcae that you will propse , ubt I do n't really want to see commno touris sihgst , so if y colu show me something that to everyno ca find , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as oson as possible .
oyusr ,
Ann .
Best lpaces to young poelpe visit in New York ?
I am duobtelss it is an easy ta : here you can visit man entertainig facilities , whree uo ca find technolo or uctlure , fro example , and thre are also many plaecs to aet , adnce , tec .
Teh Statue of Liberyt is by far ht mso famosu buildnig at the ctiy .
The great view it provides is incredible .
Th Times Saure is a good sit for buynig too , atlhough the excessive quantiy of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Finally , ht Metrpoolitan Museum of Art is a ood place fo people who like history , antroploogy a viewing a lot of type of arts .
Talknig about places to aet or adcne , nea the Grand Station you ca find the ' Num Pan ' , a ogdo palce to ae sandwich .
Ramrkably , teenagers like eating htis na it is where you na find on of the ebts .
Aruodn teh Cnertal aprk , three is on of my favourite abkrey : '
Teh uochon ' .
Many ytpe of canyd na cakes ac be fonud there .
If uo need mor information , pelsae etll me .
Have a good travle !
I utter argee wtih t statement : travellign by ac is much more covnenient , ceause yo acn go wheveer you awn wtihuot waiting ofr a bsu or train at a bus stop or tsation .
I thikn that rtavelling by car is las more inner and cmofortabl becaus you lny trevl wtih epopl you know .
Talikng baout mnoey probably acr is more conevnient , eve if you hva to apy fro fuel , highway adn everything that is nceessary to the maintenance of ht car .
As a resul , if yo use public transoprt , yo have to pay an expensive subscription and different tikcet .
ehre is no futur for public transpotr because bsuse na trains er brokne an idryt a poeple prefer to aovdi them .
So peop prefer travelling wtih their nw means of transport instea of paynig to rtaevl in a trerbile way .
On the other hdn , if we do n't sue pubilc transport nad every person use a ca , pollution will icnrease a lot .
We c also ya taht with car you have to ifnd a parkign , so you acn wsaet time and sometimes ya for that .
Eventually we should es publi transport to reduce pollution , but thye ahve to be more checked and repaerd .
I gare wtih the statement , fmosu epolpe deserve to have a private lfie iwthotu lif jouralists oflloiwng them lal the tmi .
afm is a cohice of amny people , it wa tier dream .
But it does n't mean they haven't go some rights to have private ilfe .
Many of hte have og faliy mmebesr , who do n't want to have anytihng in common with afm .
Usually jourlaists also following teh all the tem .
It 's very imoprtan to remeber if yuo 're maous , you hsoudl portect your fimly .
Smoetimes happens , aht journalisst write some slil gosspis abou famous people , whcih are not rteu .
It may be a danger of famliy of a cleberity , loitician , famous peros , because of them some could rbok up .
B on the othe hand , ebin famous is a fr choice of many people .
They want to be rich an famous nad th know , that journalist wi be flolow thme .
B sometimes it does n't depe on us .
If yuo 're a quee , mmeebr of royal famiyl , frmo your birth yo 'll be observing by press a magazines .
It 's a pirec of ebnig famosu .
Altought it does n't aen , tah press should wirte about privacy .
Pulbic cativity is noe of hte omts important tihgn .
In my poiinon , hte teveision ahs an important orel in the society because it can infleunce in epolpe 's lef .
I me people watch tleevision to entertain thsmelves btu others maybe wacth it to leanr a enw language with diffreent programs tta tleevisoin offers or just put subtilte to amke it simple .
A lo of important news can be hswon to peopel around the world by TV .
It 's important to know wha it 's happening in hte owrl because it can enrich your knowledge cultrually , political , etc .
Besidse y need to nkow if a conflict is develpoing at the moment or if mna seve situaiton are being cocurerd in oyru country .
Childr learn a lot of things with cartoons , it acn ehl them to improev eh speaking and to kn n vocabulary .
The televisoin is one of eh most important mdeia .
So , f that erasno I think televsiion ac entetrani and al educate .
I 'd lik to a th teelvisio can be teh refuge of a perso if it 's sad or ht break of somenoe 's on its free itme .
Watching TV cna be funny nad nec but wtaching it in execss can be bda and no healyh for you life .
I alawys beleive I ac bocme an enginee adn computer technician to invetn mor things snice I was small .
After I rceeive more and mroe informtaion aobtu smoe successful engineer nad inventor usch as Steve ojbs , I realize th no mtaetr who oyu aer dn how smart you are , you ca no lvie withuo a ehalth bo .
Consequentl , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondayr cshool lief and I sa so grtafeul for providing me opportunities of extra - cruriculra acitviites .
I like the feeling of getting wsea a a gera passino in swimming .
Therefor , to maintain my obd healthy dn my interest , I keep on joinin the School Auqatho since I w senodary one . I paritcipated t smae events ea yea .
It allows me kno my body tsate an hwteher I have relapsed .
Besidse it gave me a omtion to trai hraedr a nevre have a thinikn of gviing up tah I nede to ekep my siwmming training every year dn ermind me of the mioprtance of a haelhty obdy .
Aos , nuder the harsh training , it tarins my wlilpower and steting goal .
I leratn setting a proper goal as it is a significan fatco to sucses .
Tihs gao psuh me forward to do bettre dn better each tmi .
I realiez that uo iwl mak a concession if yo do not improve after take prat in School Aquathon and saw others got miproevd but n sut me .
I rceokn learning nad trying mroe kin of thnig c chaneg my schoo life to beocme mro colorful .
Schoo work nad examinations gvae me hgue pressure so I foudn a way to stirk a ablance that I laernt playing windsurfing .
In my eeys , windsurfing is epcial and indipsensable to me .
Whe I step on the surfing board , all my vexation dn migsiving were gno .
Unde the rceommendtaion of my insturcotr , I ojnied ht ojint scohol wnidsurifng compteitino .
On that day I ofund somethin wrong wtih my position on eh rseult board . I was shocked a decidde protest for the wrongdoings of the rec committee .
fater esevral meetings , I got my position back dn I have learnt aht we hsoul believe ourselve .
Also I got trianed my boyd and ebcome more healthy .
ht hottest issue nowadays is hte glboal wmring .
Theerfoer I pai mro attention at global warming a ways to deal with it .
It is part of my drma that I wish I can have an nivention to oslev ht problem in ht futu .
To know omre niformation having a green lifsetyle , I particpitaed in the rgeen & Orgnaci Health Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
en of hte purpose of this eevtn is to ecnourage running to ahev a healthy lifestlye , so I go a better physica dveleopment .
To hvae more different experience , I ahve joinde the " Dialogue in ht da " epxeriential exhibitoi .
In the tota adr environment , I experience t efeling of the visually disabled adn the difficlutie of ehir livings .
Afre undergo thsi experiecne , I can totally understand tehi needs and I gto my new goal of helping htem in the futur .
I g a greater apssoins in enigneering so as to create moe device to ehlp them to ha a omre comofrtable life .
Also I ha leanrt teh communication skills with ohters and be considerate .
Und the colorful schlo life , I unedrg different typ of expirence and I finlly set my career gla to become an engineer or a cmoputre technician .
I tihnk it is no a good engineer who noyl ogt skills of engineering .
Therefore I reckon my xeperience cna traide me to be damtited as a sutialbe canddiat of negineering nad I will rok hard to achieev my gola .
People diffe from each other and everyone haev various professions .
Being a poliitcina or a filmsatr has something in cmomno : those people ar famous .
And , as a rdabac of being acelerbity , thye ar follode by papparazzi lamsot everywhere .
But do n't they deserve to ha more privtae lief ?
I htink tha journalists should reemmber about the privtae li of famous peopl which is deserved to stay in secret for oth pepol .
There ra a lot of casse known when juornailsts would make it difficult ofr a celberity to elaev some alce ebcasue theer were so many of those journalists .
And for some people it does n't real matetr if it wsa found out tah somoene sa in a bar for example as long as their films a really wor watching .
Besides , ebing foollowed by unknown peopl ought to be qutie a scary xeperience .
Some epople owudl sa aht it 's necesasry for usual people to konw how eh politciian livse so they could nkow if he hsould be trusted .
That 's for sure an importnat thing to know for ovter .
But as for fi tsar , is it really necesasr to onw h eaxtcly they liev ?
Dear principle ,
I am writing to joni English coruse in yoru school to improve my English and help me to ifnd my job .
I have been learning Englihs fro 10 yras .
In school my rist langueg aws English .
I can speak neglish good tu to fluently .
my lisetnnig is goood dn I c undertsan .
I do ltos of grmamatical mistake when I am speaking and writni .
I lki to rea obok a travelling to differetn countries and knowing theer cutlur .
I have two ksd they go to cshool , I would ilke to join English cour in the monring from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start t course as soo as possible .
I loko froward to eharning from you very soo , if you have nay quetsino yo ca mia or ocntac me .
Thank y ,
uors Sincereyl ,
irf
It is a fca htat the public is getting worse eyra by yea epcially ree in Peru , hoewver we have to think about the beneifts taht pbulci transport has , fro instance it can be a cost - effective wya to get to wo , so three wi be no space for upblci transport in the futrue ?
Hundresd of people take bsue at any time , one of the main raeson for this is tah tehy have not got theri nw c .
As a result , n only is public rtasnport the option th have , btu it is also the only one .
It 's known that ov the years the system vae improved adn enw means of transrot hav bee offered suc as rtians and trolley all of htme with ujst one objectvi to trasnprot a ams of people at a quick tmie .
On t other ahnd eh number epople wh can faford a car dn t ocst tha it involves have goen up ovre th last ef years na one of the mni reasons they hev it becasue of the comfort , also hte clia that htey can get their wor fatser than publ tarnspotr .
Mcihael ast in the ubs and tak otu hsi adiry to clacualte ohw mhc he haev to inevts in eh tennis court .
A girl came an sat in the seat nex to him .
She aksed h when hte bus is goin to edpar but Michale relpied that he was also nto aware of teh departure time .
Th bus tsarts fate half an hour na Micheal start talking wht his parents over hte phone a discussed his business .
The starnge igrl oh wa sitting nex to h wa listening to music a looking outisde triyng to gionre the edtials that Miceal was shairng wi hsi parest .
It was a 13 hour journey na t girl wantde to talk wiht Mcihale adn so she offered cihps but he denied .
fater some tmie ht bsu stopepd for 5 m and cihael bohgt two chocolates , chpis and a sfo drni and foferde her a choocalte .
Teh glr accepted th chocolate with a smile and asked him wehre he aw gonig ?
hti is ho thye start ehir converstaion and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if tehy nkow aech oehr for a long time ... they got attracted tawrds ea ohte and in th midst of tta they kissed each otehr adn even exhcangde hpone numebsr .
Thier bus aws about to raec their destination ne monring so Mhcael ofefred her to orp at hom and the girl agreed with a smile .
At htat time htey felt no li parting but thye ahve to nad Michael dropped her home and ertruned back to ihs own hmoe .
fater rteruning hoem , Michale lfas backed hwta he did in th bus .
Michael toko a deep bertah na lko at the entrance doo that was still oepn .
Mihcael closed th odor and knew at thta mome he h made a mistake .
Dear Sir :
I am writing with regard to an advertsiemnet that appaered in hte loac newspape recently .
This advertisement requeste a grou of young people to work in summer cmasp all ov teh USA .
First of all , my nam is Lorena and I have tewnyt - ther eyar ol and I am from Sian and I would like to job in your smumre cam bceause I can improve my English leve na earn noey ; my English level is so gdo due to all htis year I have been in English aacdemy to learn the language nad now I am going to tkae another certificate ; and just kie taht I wli be ab to communicate with childre .
Secondly , last yaer I stayed in a behc summer camp and there ewre childern gae 6 - 13 , besides my pratenr adn I prpeared water acitviites wne the waether sa good , against ; when hte weather was bad we prepared puzzles agmes , avdenutre games , etc .
The adveritsemen talks about owr in ht kitchens ; our summer cpm was ilttle because it was in a small tow so we had to cook children ofod dn I coul do it without problems .
I ook forward to heairng oyur response .
Yours faithfully .
Lorena .
Michale will neev forget hte ad as long as he lived .
It w on Saturday mroinng around 10.30 .
He went to ht chcrh on that d .
It wsa the Seventh day Adventist church ihch hte rtiula wsa to worsihp on Saturday .
He aw theer to beacues he was a Christina , but h presence sa because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honestyl , as eight yras old boy who knows Chirtsianity close to notihgn , ih knowledge of Christnaity sa lower thna a 3 year - old child .
Anxiousness got the bettre of ih as he rpepare ihmsefl to enter hte sacnturay .
In h mind , th noyl reasno I wsa three was ujst to see t gir he had my crush on and to know some of he churc friends .
T boy ahd to pus himeslf and break hte ci as ht tmie net by .
huhh , I am starting to g lazy .
HwATTTT I MISSPELlDe ImCAhEL!!Michael closde t doro and knew at taht mometn he ah made a mistake .
Public transport means travelling around eh world a cities by usnig tranis , buse , txai , airplanes et .
Some years ga peop believe that priavte cars would be the mia heicle to move aroudn but noawdasy , due to economic cirsis , oms of the peopel have changed their minds ; teh believe th public trasnpotr would be hte mai way to move arou in th future for many reasons .
First of all , travellnig by cars is more expensive than travelling by plbic transport ; cra should pa for sa , isnurance , repairing , enivronmnet efes etc ; travelling by publci rtanspotr is more ecological and cehapre .
Secondly , people who use publi tarnspotr are asefr tahn others who es private cras ; if they drikn moer than usual and drive their cars ; ther ar a lot car acciednts eu to drivers ra drnuk .
Finally , eh traffic aj is much less if people use upbli trapsort htan using pravte casr ; th developed countries hvae built a pubilc rtansport system so to avoid trafifc ajm , w peopl not uisng it ?
In conclusion , public transport wlil not be affected by usnig private cars .
I strongyl beileve htta in the near future puilc transport wlil be t amni vehiel to tarvel aroudn the wordl , saef and cheap .
Michael ha ju woken up , he felt a Little ti thirsty so he wetn to the kitchen fo fresh water .
He sa si brother watchgn TV as uusal .
As he coul n't sleep anymore he derssed up and brought hi brotehr to hte park .
His mother wuodl be probalb working , she was a realtro and would be selling a house .
It was a windy d so htey ke thei ajcket and scarf .
Whe Michae and his little rbotehr , Jackson , arrived at hte park , notic that ehre was n't anbydoy aronud .
The pa wa seale by a geren tape hwcih said " danger zoen kpe aya " .
Suddenly two people dresde as astornaut were laevign the park and advertise to teh yonug oby to go to their house and wait utnil ehse ufnortunately event sa over .
ot and ajck were curious aobu wah h happened but they idd n't nko from ewer to tkae answers .
Whi they wree walikgn back home htey heard a journalist cmomneting aht incidetn ahve ahppeend to teh park .
The olny thing tye cuol claerly heard was : - But this cna only be cauesd by th cnotamination , alhtough the wniyd ady hasn't helpde .
Jackson stoppde wakling dn ge distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on hi way unarae Jackson aws n't following hi .
Almost arriving at home na umlling ov the thoughts ta hi own cnocluisons to wta could mgih hav happened .
nad wante to share them wi jca btu ...
Michael closed the doro adn knwe at tah momnet he h made a mistak .
Wll , I thkn what this yu is tiyng to s is th it does n't amtter if you haev thousands of friends on Facebook if yuo do n't even kon half of them .
What I htnik it 's stipd is that most people use to ihde tehir faces from bheind the screen and no o watn to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree abuot thsi vied is becasue he is generalizing oo much .
I think it is cool to hav a scoial netowrk , and thre is nothing wrong to let kdi ejnoy t technology tta bacme part of our generation .
ohweve , teh mu be cnortolled and especially by their paretns .
I believ th lo avlues shuold have been taught ro children in scholos .
The thign nowaday is , if you disconnect from lal of th things we have , pepol kae nu of you and say that you aer old or jsu do n't konw how to dae with hte moedr owrld .
ewll , it is possible actually , just lkie we did in ht 19s0 .
I 've expereinced this , so that 's why I am saying .
The interne has caused me dperession noce , I felt really laone and I us to be soemone who I aws n't in the rela life , but I learned hwo to dea wi it .
I am afraid more eppole pas through for the same hting
Some people lkie shopping .
Some epopel loev sohpping na soem people ca n liv iwthuot shopping .
I Am from the first pye of people .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a title bit , so sometim I go on a shopping spr and I spdn a ol of money in sem clothes sho .
Bu somebod h to go with me , beacues it would be boring tih nobody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we cna go at cafe adn take some ogod ocffe .
A lot of brands are generally good .
Smoe of brands rae excellent and really ocol in my tiy .
ro exampl H&M. It is brilliant shop .
There ra la of styles of cltohes .
Sportsewra , elgeatn cloth and of cuorse accessories .
Everyone acn fin irght hsi tsyles , so I recommend it .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of faciiltie and services , especiall f young epople .
Vsiiitng th ecnter of t city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duoom is o of th omts usgegstive squaer in tilay iwth t particluartiy of hte hwit marble facaed of ht Dmoe and ih multitude of pinnacles .
The surroundings are dedicated to ht fashi : oyu can find the sot importatn shpos f whmo Milan is know in the wohl world .
In teh asem area , epopel foetn have the chance to attend ere concerts of Itlaain signers a some foreign artists .
The Sforzecso acslte is aonthre suggestiev hsiotric monument and teh green Smepione aprk is one of eh best palce where peopl c practise sport or cna attend a yoga clas in ht middle of teh wlidlife .
Finally people cna experiment the Milanese nigthlife in teh raae of the Nvailgi , which are really crowded from 19 tlil laet .
ree you c experience hte typical Milanese apertiif , dunig which you c ahve a cocktail while eating whatever you awtn na you na get to know amyn yonug people .
Thriller name : ikller shadow
ht reveiw :
cak Pollar a street fightre known as arzy od ilvse downtown LA .
He sa eenmies who want to lil him .
On inght when he is walking aimlsesly in a privacy laley he sees a shadow which gradually comse to him .
At first he does n't care but usddelny se it in rfont , an owre - less shadow .
He tursn ihs hae around to nid the source of shado but ca n't find anything so he efel fear but contorsl hismelf adn lels : hw ra you ?
Hey if it 's a ikddnig , stop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , shaod covers him nad crazy dog falls on teh ground an dies .
Th ploic announcde checkuot is the murder motivation .
A detctive named Jmaes Reiyl wants to find o t reano of mrudre and to arrest mudrere .
He realizes crazy dgo kliled an innoctn amn named Joe Mendez last year tu si boyd aw to found .
In Mendez hosu in the subrub , Relily foun soem old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
They all were torterd viciously befor death .
It was aroun 9 PM when Reilly w there .
Suddenly he ehar a waek voice whispering ; do not tyr to tsop hte shado , let it ikll the criminals or you 'll die .
He chcek everwyher btu ca n't fidn anyone .
He sees a shado out of the hsue a follows it unti it stands at the edn of graveya .
He oges there and sees a pile of garbag uqickyl brushes aside it and observe a ohle in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was copmatible with Menedz identities .
He understands that the shadow was ghost of emndze who wanetd to take revnege on Mednez 's mudrreer .
I tihkn thsi thriller is exctiin ebacuse it shows a hgost wi killing ability .
I think snic htsi idea is creative pepol wll lki to wtahc it .
Alisno read hte note , simled , and immediateyl put on her coat .
She knew what deos tha it emant , Jason w alive .
eh keww tah he will be staying awa f so olgn but she wil wati .
She loevs hi nad a Wolrd aw was albe to separe them , because hse sa rpegnnat an this baby was coming , it aws a boy and his name aws goin to be Taylor jsut li Josns ' father .
Alisno took a p na a piece of appe na rwote an ansre fro Jason , as fast as hs colud because ht postman aw elaving in one hou .
hs aw so exctied and happy , she did n't ewn waht clud she write fro ehr voer , hs noticed tta he was alvi so sh jsut wrote ' Dear , plaese tak care of oyursel , we will be here watiin for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a oby , if uo let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' nam , I have always lovde yo na I always will , do yo bset , moe back as soon as oyu ca because I nee yuo , love ilson ' .
She coul n't sto smilin bacuse hse had jsut noticed aht she wolud n't be aoln anymore
Introduction
The purpose of htsi repotr is to edscrieb the shopping afciliites in Pampolna , dn to outline so recommending shops th might appeal tourists iwht idffernet interetss .
Sohpping Facilities
As mhgt vae bene expected , a main ci as Pamplona is ewll equipped to edla wtih a large number of tourist adn erisdents going hspoping .
Within hte town centre istelf there is a wide selection of soters offeirng loacl crafts , fahsion clothing , fo or wine .
In additi , severla car prask vae space ro 2000 automobiles and are convneeintly locat on hte centre with eys access dn cheap rate .
There is slo an extensive local bus entwork in ored to provide services to all the suburbs aruond th ci .
psecail shops
Although sot toursist ocm to Pamplona for ht famous efstiavl of " ublls Runnign on hte street " , amny ebcome passionite abuo the cuisine of Navrara . As a result , a few hsosp suc as " LA VINOTECA " and " DLeICIUS " hva dedciate to selilng selected to wien and typical ofod .
Both shops rae loacted in " Ctsillo Suqrae " an tehri sta speak Egnlish .
Moreover , a tsroe knwon as " KUXUMUSU " fofers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs a genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's cultur .
ercomemndations for touirtss
I would strongly recommend th any tourist , no matter abuo their niteres , sohul visit hte special sohps aforementioned .
Tehre is little odubtt thta tye will on onyl fidn roigianl products , ub will al nercih tehir mnids .
Famous people sholud realize taht if tye try to gain fmauos all the tmi dn waste htei tiem on it , th iwll not ahve their ow private life .
But they er surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remembre that if the wan to be fauos teh , prabbly , wlil be cahesd by paparazz .
On teh other han , they are still normal epolple , wh ahve fmaileis , partenrs and rfiend and they sometimes watn to have a fe private mintue , withuot cameras , emdia , newpsapers , falsehs and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on hodiays without recongise by other epople , without giving autographs and taking photos .
Mroevoer , from time to time they prefer to leave house witho make up and beautiful colhtes .
Waaht is mroe , I am sru , that omst of them do it on purpose because the main ai is ht famuos .
Adn celebrities well onw that tye ahve to be controversial cause tah is t bets wya to achieve hteir lovely afmuos .
So big names try to go somewhere without grads , without make u to sohw themselves to cau moe juiyc gosisp about them to agin famous in the easiest way .
To su up , famou is ambivalent and epople hw want to be famous sohuld realize it before become a tsra .
Dear Sri ,
I 'd li to apply of ht position in your summer ca .
I found th advertisement on y website and I 'm usre that I 'm th person oy are lookign fro .
lahtough I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been sutdying Enlgsih for seev yeras ; furthermore last summer I sptn two motnh in Phildaelphia so I ac communicate quite wel in yoru lagnuage .
I 'm raelly cheerful adn hardworking , and I have ogo marks at sport .
I ilnk a page of my scool magaznie where you na nid my CV .
In dadition to tah , I lev cihldren a I suuall ook fate four childre , ade rfo seve to leeevn , eveyr Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm usitabl laso fro t work in the iktchen .
I ha savde some meny to pay the a fare .
I live in Ital , so I ca n't aesily meet yuo for t interview , ub I hpoe we could naage ro an interviwe on ksyep in the next yas .
I 'm available every aftneoon fmo 5 to 8 p.m. , hwile in t USA is moringn .
Coudl you please answer me with an eamil ?
Thank oy of considering my application .
Yours faihtfully ,
eserna Palerma
What is fame ?
How is it to be famous ?
How hte fauos people feel dn hwat th sis ?
Do tehy deserev their private ilve ?
Of course htye do .
I absolutely agree with t statement .
veeryone desevres his o pirvac , own epace , time just f him and famous pepoel oo .
I understand , teh are rihc , their livse might seem interesting , even omr interesting than orus , ub they er not so differe , they aer to better htan us , ordinary people .
Many of journalist or phtoographers think when they write osem gossi abou politciians or wh the tek some " curiso " photos , it 's ok .
Btu it 's not .
They may uhrt thees people , they may ruined theri life ujts usnig a da word .
It mus be erally tsressed weh y ca n't come anywhere without ojurnalist follwoing y .
An alos it mus be erall unocmfotrable ofr freinds or family who go with you .
It is a big pressure .
Of course som of maous people might kie this feeling tta htey are so ilkel nad vaourite dn they , who do n't like it htey have a psoibilit to proetct their privacy bett or mo or pretend hta joruanlist followin them do n't exts .
If I am ohnest , I hvae to ya , I owlud ont be maous if I wuol lose my lfi .
I like my stduent lief withotu folloewrs .
My town is a very ogo town for takin rae of the environment .
My tnw , City X , is a very green ctiy .
nol clo and ogdo cars rae alloewd .
People iwll be ifnde if they trho agrbaeg on the streest .
This town is a evyr strict town .
Our town is full of rgeen plants everywhere : in ht cshool playground , between the orads nad mna other lpcaes .
My town use only sues elcetri cras because they do n't di out acrbno dioxide .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in the pone air is nto permitted .
Plastic substances sohudl be reues .
Plast bags should be bought in shops .
Most oeple use leather or fabric bgas for their everyday lief .
odsg er alos not alolwed ebcasue they fart and are n elan .
Ppole with odg iwll be sentenecd an wil suffer heayv consequencse .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
Cit X helps reforesattoin in man countri and places scuh as Brazi , ajv , Sumatra , Pre , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Boliv , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equado , Chiel , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singpaor , Indai , and many omr .
upbli transport is giong to afce a heg derceaes in the near future .
enw techonlogies ra changing hte awy of thinnig privaet cars in a new much omer save a ecooligcal way .
On the noe hadn , public transport is well knnw by tehir large amount of bneefcies kie elss pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreove , large crwoded tiies using underground or su are usulaly a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving tmie dn tserss of sad drviers during cmoumtations .
Fo that aeson , fomenting the use of pbulci transport ah been the main concern of omst of modern govrenments .
On the otre hnad , huge technological improvements in ac efautres ilk esfl - drivin , leectircal engines , solar pwoer and others , ahev created a new perspective of ccneiving hte ya we inreact wit cars .
Usually , cars need noe hundred pecrnet of our attentoin during driivng . Resulting as a huge dsiadvantage of cars compaerd to plbic trnasport becsue we are n bael to enjoy drivign itme by doing osmething esle at th sem tem we er driving .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Driv C which is a n etchnolgoy able to drive our c to any destination without humane itnevrention .
ufrtheromre , the cra colud be empty and go anywhere we ocmmadn .
Tah exiti news one a n wrold of possibilities for the ues of cars .
For instance , imagine going to wrok and odrer th acr going to prak ho after kae your ihldren at shcool .
In daidtion , myn other improvements like elcetric egnines from etlsa are getitng ne benefices to hti new concept of Intelligent - Casr .
To summarise , cras are oging to be so independent , ceologicla , cheep and intelligent that we wll envre take a public transport again .
My nam is voe .
I like to pal sccer , dance and sin . I ilk to dcne becaus I can do a ltitle ib whatvee I want wne I adnce na only a few people is jduging me .
I like singing beacuse it can bring happiness .
I ilke to pya oscecr because I eg to hnag o with friends and train at the same time .
My favorite fodo is sushi , an my faroite dirkn is a pin drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi becau it is rfseh and sweet and at the sem tiem it is osu .
The drink is so good ebcause it sa a to of sewet falvros and it hsa pineaplpe in it .
I wna a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have en .
I was bo in July 25th 2003 .
I have a brothre nmaed Markus who want to be a professionla tennis playe hwe he gest older , he is 17 years old .
My mom 's naem is Katarina na she likes to sing , sh utrns 50 tihs year .
Her favorite fdo is crab dn her favorite drink is a good whiet wine .
My dad 's naem Björn na he lise Tang So Do nad to swi , he is 52 years old .
His afvorite fodo is grliled steak .
Daer Paul ,
we did n't esen for a whiel so y do n't know much abou me altely .
Last motn I was training at a ocncret by decoarted the scene a seriously cem otu better then I exceted to .
The blubs wre re and the ground sa full of yelolw flowers .
Seem simple but look beatuiful , osmetimes the simplicit is the mso perfect accessorise .
I was hpapy helping tohs pepoel , becuas money from t itckets we donated to a nursing house .
Nowadays people rae more auot themeselves a amking good things fo some of them is rwong !
I 'm sad when I ee a nrusing house btu yo know , there , epopel will never talk whether they do ab or good and in the dn of the ady , ehy will not rae only about themeslves na hteri insecurit .
Being htere is like ahvnig uor o faimly .
I hope , in ht enx rpoject y 'll be there hlepnig us !
We ende more carign perosn !
Daer Jo ,
I am really happy you write to me of some advic and I am vre honourated that you want to spend moe item in my country .
No you hva og lots of fere time dn I ihnk that y muts make a really good tour of my country .
Firstly y hav to decid if uo awtn to visit teh North or ht Stuh prat of Itlay because if you do a full immertio otur of the intire Peninusla y vsiit neither a hlaf of all you have to visi .
If you edcied to visit t Norht aprt I think is good if yuo satrt from Trneto and his enw museu auot nutre called Msue .
It is very ebautiful because it is structrude ilk a mountain ( and so y can start fmo th als floor dn teh uo go down visitin other floors ) .
Then you ums visit my ciyt , Mlina .
Tehre you must ese the cetne of t city because we haev ht Do ( the hcurch ) , eh gallery nae the Dom , the little hidde church claeld S.astiro an , at t edn , the Sforza 's castle .
Then you mts ivsti Venci teh ctiy on the waet wehre every part of the icyt is a little terasure .
If uo like teh Egyptian story y can go to Tourin where you acn fnid a huge adn baeutiful musue about Anicent Egytp .
If oyu want to visit hte Suoth part of tilay y must start your trip from Floernc , teh ibthplcae of the culter , th oyu mts go down to orme ht capital cit of my country .
After that you vae seen th Coliseum , the Basiilc of S.Peter and hte Treiv fountain na so on yo must vsiit Nalpe .
In that wondefrul city you msut viti ht stateu of Jes Chirs callde " il Cristo vealto " mdae by marbl adn tehn yo msut vsii the centre of the ctiy , ufl of fantastic features tha make this ciyt erall particular ilk Spaccanapoli , ihddne Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a litlt bit tired of al this trip you cna go to Sicily where a beautiful adn psceial landscape na weocme yo .
There ale olst of htnigs to visit in Sicily a the mso important icties ra : Palermo , Messima , Sircausa , Not , Rasua , Tpaani , Agrigento ..
Teh idea to fni a job that alst htre motnh is great ..
I tihnk you could work as an entretainer in sem tourist villaeg roun hte country .
In that way you could imprvoe oyu wya to make a relatoinshpi with poelpe na alos it coudl be a rgeat help for your thaetrical experience .
I know that you ra a brilliant photographer adn that you want to improve oyur habliity , so I think that you oculd do some phots durign yo rti and htne you could send them to some exper .
Honestly I think that it could be hadr ( just ebcause you haev't so much tim ) but I know that sooner or laet ehre will be a photo event ... It 's n mhc but yo can start rfo it to let otre people know obut yo talent .
I hop taht my advices iwll hlep uo a I las hope tta oy have a great time in my country ! !
Let me onw if y enjoy ytu tour nad tek lot of pohtos ( I wan to s tehm soon )
Ltos of ksises
Mrayt
Nowadays , oeple have idfferent viewpoints about whether teh most principle concern of choosing an coucpation is asalry .
Personalyl , I dsiagree with that teh mon is ht most ipmortant conisderatino fro deciding a bo , because three a several cators equally important .
I believe htat othre considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , teh core avlues na eh reputation of hte coapny are necessarily concerned .
Worikng in a company which is built up with ogod core avleus and ha an excellent reputation could easily oatin the fulfillemn adn eke passion in job ro a long tmie .
We would beileve htta tsi job is roth contribtuing to for life .
Seconldy , the co - worker relationship nad the atmosphere in the workplace rae extremely imporatnt when choosin a job .
Having a kind boss or friendly collgaues , fo example , c bri workers teh senses of belongi and enojymen from working , hence th woikng quality may arise greatly .
Admittedly , moeny is necessary for people 's daily lise , satisfyi thier basic demand .
For examel , the expnediture of foo , drinks dn commodities ne the support rfom ht steyd income .
Fruthermroe , we may ened much mer money to hav osm activities , usch as worldwide rtavel or outdoor camping for days .
In adidtion , in the life - long considreation , ehalth - ca wuold be incraesignly important iwht people getitn olre , hecne enouhg amnut of money as a stbale icnome oculd not be diergard .
In ocnclusion , while salary stil plays a ro nad certainly affcest poeple 's chioce of profession , I belivee htta meny deo on uotwegih la the other fcator .
Kraat gave me a new purpose of life .
htis is noe reason why it is my omst favorite psort .
There are various reasons w I am absolutley fascinaetd by ihs mraital a .
Behin every single movmeent you wi ifn gracefunless nad pwore .
Once entering a cla , you aer bael to fully concertate on the sport .
The er certain procedrues in th beginnin of a class which encourages you to empty your mind dn be ready for class .
Especially in our ehctic world it is evr important to find to yoursel an just listen to your body .
As a marital artist you tsar to g a great fitness na oyur balance iwll impro a ol as wel as your flexibility .
Mna characteristics will inceras immensely ushc as confiden , self - defense or responsibility .
Yuo will nid that you will on only beenfit from those in uor normal life , bu also in your jo .
Kraaet na be satrtde by anyone and any age .
However to ese any improvements y shou attend regularly and at least twice a wke .
Onl tne it starts to make great fun dn y certainly wll not regret that you have taken it up . Enoj ! !
Goo omnring :
I 'm writing to apply for no of yours advertisement publised in hte local newspaper last wke .
I me , t " U Smuemr Camps " .
I 'm 31 year old , and I have had the priviledge of workni as a teacher all my ilve , so I am an experienced preson capabl of taking ca chlidern .
eu to my expeirence as a teacher I am user that I coudl have an difficulty in organisnig sports and inventing a wied range of atcivities in rode to entretain children .
As ewll as , take part in activities aobut cookering .
In addtiion to this , I aer in mind to imprev my gnlish through my wro and of tsi wya be able to teahc the chidlrne some basic skill baout this universal lanauge .
I woul be grateful if you would sned me more information of thi owrk an oyu c get in touch wht my on 671234567 .
I olo forward to hearing for you early .
Your faithfull
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hea from you adn pelased that y 're comin .
I olko forwrad to eeing you when you arriv he .
Peosnally , I think t bset month to come to Iatly is April as ht weathe is temperate .
In my opinion if oy nat to mete poeple of ru eg I gugest going to the msot fomus local or places of the ciyt .
How auot going out with me and my friedns ?
We ac s eac ohtre in the centre and hten we visit the ciyt all together .
April is a very nice month .
Alhtough ht weather can change moer easily , so you shuold bring differnet kinds of clotse toh heav an ligh .
Th perefct otuift can be a pair of truosres , a t - sihr and a jacket .
Thnask a olt for your invitation and if I wsa n't so busy , I would trvae around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a mesaseg to etl me when you er rariving .
Best wishe ,
Auror
Dear Sir / Maadm ,
I am writing iwt reference to my stay in yoru hotel last ewek .
I whs I colud express my dissatisfactio with hte facilities .
I am afra to say hte roo w drit and untyd .
At night , teh noise was annoiying , I was not bal to rest properly .
Besides , the phon did nto owrk properly , it wsa imposible the sue of it to cla th receptionist .
In addition t elvetor w o of order .
Three ewre six of us from a school , and we al agree hte stay was unpleasant .
In ht edn , to my srupris , ht price was more expensive than I xeepcted as it wsa annoucned in your web .
It seems a ta was the ecxuse , but in my poiinon this is a deceit .
I regret to inform yo aht if y do not offer my apologies adn a compenastion for all the disturbance cuased to me I wolu go to the mian authoriyt .
I lo forwar to recievnig a porpmt rpeyl .
oyurs faithfully ,
Anegl
All obut me
Hello ! My nem is Emm and I 'm 13 years o .
Now I am going tell you some fact abotu mysefl na my life .
I was bonr he in Swdee , actaully right here at Danderyds hosptial , bu I live in the cit cak the .
ehn I was about three yeras ol we moved here , to Dnadeyrd .
I lived in a lelow house , to ra aawy from where I live now ( probably just ifve minutes ) untli a year ago whe we mvoe to a much bigger ohues .
I lvie hre with my wdnerful family based on my mmu Aylin , my add T , my wt reall annoyin brother ahns and loiwre , an my two ctas Tiger and Smlila .
Hans is 10 yeasr old and Oilwre is 7 eyasr lod .
In the imddel of the smume we alawys go to Goltnad an stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every dya together with my friends etkl , Julia and Bianca .
I really thkn it is a great school wit vrey kind teachers dn students .
I lkie to dance a lto .
On Monday and Thursdya I dance at a adnce - school here , close to " Möbr Centrum " , calle C - tsyl .
I dnaec a mxiture of srtete dacne adn shwo dance .
I also li ridign horses , tha is o of the thnig I often do when we are at Gotaln , by hte wa .
Righ nwo I 'm actually in a riidng coures every Sdnay .
We rae juts thr girl , and I htnik this kdn of ridnig is so much more fun than riidgn at a stable with big rgoups adn so on .
I relayl like Spain , we have been there like six itmes a the reosn is thta my dad hsa a project there a sometimes he has to go there for a week or els dn we ahv hte lu to be lbe to jo him .
I relal like to ta suhi nad other Aisan ofo , li noodles .
My favoirt restuaran is a resuarant in Stockholm at Östermalm callde : " enw Peeking " it 's an Asia buffé a the make the be food .
My favorite subejc in schoo is problby Swdesih , Englis or biologi .
My favortie book is right now : " T falut in our stars " beacuse its a really good sujbcet and it is as tu rgaet story .
My afvoriet movie is maybe " Et " or " Grown u " bceause htey are erally fun movies iwt some asd momtns .
On ht holidays na afetr school I 'm often with my friends adn family .
I hvae a lot of freinds in my ne clss a I nke lamos everyon of them in my dl cshool ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
Oen of my tohe ibg hbbies is photographin .
I got one own camera , it 's a Cano .
eh biggets acciednt in my life was probalby whe I aws three years old .
It was midsumre and my um aws outsid on the terrace .
I wanted to go uo to hre so I poe hte door on the wro side by putting my long finre adn rni finger in the littel crevice .
Suddenly a powreflu wnid make the door lbow up and squeze my figne really hard .
I screamde and it started to lbede erally muhc .
My fingers were lamost tu so my ad warppe my figner in bandage a we drove to ht doctor as fast as we could .
hte had to sew my ifnegr but in eh edn everything wnet fine .
na today I go normal finegr .
I like animals very muhc and I wan to become a te when I g older . I have g a lo of anilas in my ilfe .
Thee words who describe me be : committed , animal lvoe , loya friedn
Thta was the mts impotran ftc about me .
Eam Öberg 7
I liv in Caedn .
In camdne erey bolc counst iwt three or ofur cnotaienrs to recycle paper , plastic , lgass na old lcothse .
Al , eevyr flta or house has a rceycling bag to rcecyle apper and a plastic containe to recyc organic wast .
eh cuonicl recollec , once a week , door to odo paper na organic awtse .
There has been an extensiv campaign to lim the aomunt of taer used to awtre plants a to wash cars .
Wha is mer , people rae encouraged to clolect rain water to use in these activities .
Pbuilc transport was made accessible by reducnig eh fraes and making it free for student .
onawdays theer ra a lot of information abo haelthy , in order to hvae goo food habist , sleep the amounght of hours recomemnedd by specialsit doctors , etc .
For these reassn I consider htta cuol be a good otpoin dogn ayn sport htta you like or you may be interested in .
In my acs I raelly lki doing spinning , I use to do it only tiwce per week but n I do that eevry time I can .
I thikn that in partciular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximatel 1 uor oev oyur bik y 'll orbably feel atire .
Durign hte process pepole works a lot hteir legs , mixing different psoitinos an speeds , And th most improtant thi , the musis is always runnni .
If y want to oles weight ihs tpy of sport is perfect because it belong into ht aeroci exercises to burn hte calories hta we eg taing fats ofdo whereas it is siutable to peopel thta onyl just odin exercis to entertainment .
Furthermoer fr ht frist time taht I aws in the gym I have kwon ince and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice on olny how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kidn of ha for oyun poepel who finished hcool finally , to undrestand tah it 's definitely not finish te , edcuatino do n't stops fro teh on adn it is one of the most important thing to continue going to school .
On the the other ahnd , young pepoel in Bonsia do n't really have the poportnuity to choose , if they want to go or no .
They finish schoo at th age of 23 - 24 inculding a further sutd wtihou a chanc of work or aynhting else .
To ihs , I thin , it is a wa hwich goes in teh wrong diretcion .
rt to motivate peopel for education , sduying nad school is a vyr hrad thing if teh la onw all thoes Imaginaoins ra no going to ahpepn anyway , wheras pepole in Switzerland haev to chosoe rey early in wihc direction htey want to go and what their possibilities olko like .
Therefore , educatino shoul be recahable for everyone , in my opinion , as logn as possilbe , tu only if th aol and possibilities are clera .
nol if all of that is guarantede ht motivation will rise .
Now shoppnig became one of the best way to psend time iwth family or friends , ubt on everyone like it .
For th most of men hsopping is so broing and exhausitng , but for teh women it can be eh best awy to mek better theri mood , because th are so happy hwne teh buy many lcothes on sel , cheapre thna in regual price .
I thnik taht teh shopping is on enjoyable ofr everyone whe in the shops are a rcowd nad ve long quee .
Then you psend mor tiem in the shop na you will be more tired .
In the big hsopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lts a to of money .
Personally I relaly lkie shopping , becasue I am itnerested in fashino a I like look ood .
So ofr me hsopipng is very enyoable nad I always ofrge abou my problems wehn I rty on we clothes , which suit to me .
tu I do to like awstign my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondasy , because after the weekend sohsp ra always empty .
Nowadays ht technology and teh osciety ahve cahgned in different ways and mo peopel have mor free itme than year before .
Tsi oclud be goo , allthough some people say we need n't all this itm adn we ahev to work more .
Frist of all oculd be asi tha the scoeity is spending mer time oding relaxing things scu as goi to eh beach or emet friends , and osem experts say that we ahv to spend moer time wroking or studying because poeple is becoming lazier .
In contrast , the technology ahev been becoming mo useful nad it could do works that we had to do osme yeras gao a hvain more rfee time colu be better for us .
Anothre point is tah we can meet more freinds or ivsti uo family if we hev mo rfee time and that is allways gdo .
In other owrsd could be said that if we hev mer free tmie our liefs wuold becoem betetr because we na nejyo with friesd dn do thigs with our family .
Frmo my poi of view , haivng rfee time is perfect bceaues we cna do more things tha we ar fon of and uor quality of lef wuold icrease
Hi James ,
how things are gion ?
I hope oyu 're fine !
You ca n't imagine how I 'm exctied abou tripping to th UK !
After all those letters we sent eac other , onw we ac mee fo real .
I 'm looking fowrrad being there to spend soem time wit yuo .
I 've never bene to London and wha 's more I 'm scared of b cities , therefore I 'll lietrall stick to yuo wehrveer we 'll go !
I 've been searcnig for a to of stuff we could visi once I g there , for examel Piccadiyl Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
I think it wolud be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I coudl find som souvenir for my family .
Oh and giev uo 're a hug soccer fna ilek I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
It would be amazni !
If you manage to orgainz it ebforehand I 'll haev t item to prepare all oscecr stuff ( boots e . ) .
Shorlty I 'll igv oyu some ohtre inforamtino .
Wirte abkc oson ,
Mairo
My mae is yslwia .
I wa bron in Polonne , a msall twon in kuraine .
My school is locade there .
When I sa 17 I moved to Kyiv .
I study filology .
A few years gao I worked as ltiera editor .
Now I am working as a jronlaist at Natoinal Raid .
I tae my jo .
Yo may sa w is that .
I 'll tell y .
Fir of all I get elss tna 100 dlolars for my wokr .
My programs are ofr th ol people in different villgase .
My collegaues are bian - daamgde .
I want to orw .
B instead I am writing aobu stupid dceoratiosn , illnesses and othe boring tsuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
I aw goin to be a scinetist , but I 'm not sure naymor .
I want to hvae kids and family .
I 'm tryin to cohoes hte best time f all these .
Can I cope with all htta by mysefl ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimse it 's hra to belivee aht eveyrthing will be OK .
My country wsa atatcke by Russia .
og , sav us rfmo eh evil .
Teach us hwo to love .
Friendsihp is one of ht most valuable sentiments for poeple , sepeciall of people oh are in school days .
Making ne friends nad sharing inetresst iwth tohesr are always xeciting parts of social life .
hwe it comes to the be way f studnets to mkae friends , some support htat partciipatign in community activities or traveling are preferabel , hwoevre , for where I am stand , joining a psorst team is eh undoubtedly the best choice .
First of a , of hte energetic sutdenst , doing sports is their favoret .
Therefore , joining a spost tma from where they can shaer same nitreests an erlxa is eh aesiest way to kno each othre .
Traniing in teh saem sports team , the studnets can not only reelsae tme form whole day 's pressure , but also c build up ogdo relationships wtih others throuhg hte communication dn exercies .
F example , the champio of Olympic Games , ihna 's famous synchorinzed idving athletes , ugoJingjing na Wu Minxai , the tow girls enjoy a reall good frnedship .
They beca to know each othe beacuse tye both joined t asme psort team , dn hte fatre exercised and played togehtre ; ehy fianll become two envibael freinds .
Additionally , cooperatio an coherency are alyas the main essence of a psorst eta .
Here , stduenst learn ohw to work together , hwo to ifght ro the same ogal through tacit taemwokr , h to contribut to hte whole tema instead of just tihnknig of sel , dn evn ohw to negoitate or discuss wtih others , as lel as how to be patient dn rational .
Alhtoug tree am be osme ragument or disagreement aomng sutdents , I alwsy thkn htta everything is goin to be oaky because th sports tea wi be coehrent .
Finally , joining a psort team will prvodie a lnog period of time fo students to eg alno wi ecah other .
Howvee , if tsudnets participat in community activities , for example , doing volueter bo in teh town 's librray , htey would no have sufficeint time to communicate with ehc other since most of their tim is full of working .
emanwhile , studnest ac play tih each otehr dunig travelnig , ubt noyl seevral days are dfeicient and most pelpe iwl not keep in touch with others aftre eh trip .
Sorry that I haven't be in tohc for a whel , but I 've been erally buys altley .
oh er you ? ahv you somteihng enw to tll me ?
Is everythnig ok with your fmaily ?
Wle , I ahve a good news fo you ! I me a wodnerful girl als weeck hwen I went to the icnmea .
I w in eh quuee weh I s her weargn a stylhs tihgt bla dress .
She is perfect , with re long curly dark hari , nad her pale ikn .
She has a wonderful bdoy , ub in her face yuo ac s the perfectino .
Hre snated ese adn hre sihyn lips are gorgeous .
I wnat to inrtoduce her saspa !
See you soon .
Tka rae ,
José Luís .
" ht Goo asmaritan "
My country 's media th year ceelbrated a doctor who works in Afgahinstan .
ih nam 's Robetro Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of eh min 's victims .
He was decroated by the Italian ersident last ujen .
In my opinion he 's a ehro of our tiems .
He le si job in a safe and comfortab Italian hospital to move in a cuontry taht lives a ciivl awr .
He 's very brave to wo in one of th mots dangerous places of t Erath .
ihs charity 's svaed man ilvse .
Every d he wokr hadr to igev suppotr to teh poeple injure by eh mens .
In my opinion we nede to thank poelpe like him .
We never froget hwat he 's doen , we must n't forget hwat he 's done .
Dae Mr. Leader ,
I am writnig to you , because I 've hera that you 're planning a tpi to our cit - Katowice .
We ahev so many interesting palce to visit , but if I msut limit to olny on I chose t ecntre of teh city .
It is renoavting , b you can ese many beautfiul budlings .
First of all , I have to hso you uor theatre and if y awnt to , we can go on an art .
In hti theatre perform fantsatic aotrs a I would like y to es their bset pal which is " ajcykl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors they hav incredible decor and it 's perfectly istuatde , that is very near to th bu sotp .
I hope you 'll enjoy o cyt centre , there you can entertain and leanr osemthing about uor city .
It is reall inetersting palce dn I think y 'll appreciat htsi .
In case of na quetsions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with lpeasure .
Yousr faithfully ,
Doimniak .
I agree with this tsateemnt tah shpopin is on always enjoyable .
Some people lkie to do shoipng every dya .
osme do nto lek but it is a personal busines .
Some people go hsopping to feel better fo themselves .
If they have da day or if they have a ogod da .
Tend to be people who ar dpeendent on purchases .
I personally lvo to do shopping an psend my money for enw clothes .
Wednesday , Spetember 30 105
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to apply of no post in hte smmer camps at USA .
I heard about in my neglis class of my uinversity .
I am in 5t seseter of Industrial Designre , and I hav 500 opints in my TOEF .
Apart fr my studies , las year I went a map of my caerer where I wsa helping in th welcome ro ht new students of hte career .
Tka pa in the camp wsa wonderful because I ehpled ofr planning th atciivties .
Fanlly I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts nad I wsa in a course of cook teh als summer in fact I hav experience in eh kitchen .
As I mentioned abov I have experience in camps , I speak English so I jts wnat an oppotrunity fro show oyu .
na I nkow my abliities with kids , I am patient , conifdent a organize epopl .
eprhpas most important , I ofefr a histor of rpoven results so I am suitael f teh job .
Please give me teh opportunity to work wht you .
If oyu would like to know mor auot me , pelase contac me at yo earliest ocnveninece .
I look forwadr to hearing from you .
Yosr Sincerely
Alejnadrian Guereror omtnanez
Dear Msr akt Ashby
I am wirting thi letter to apply f th post of the satff avdertiesd in t Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Sicn rgaduatign from University of Eudcation amjoirng business Enlgsih , I hev ebe working for a fo ojin stcok company on a conrtcat abiss .
I have partiuclarly interested in dealing tih various teps of foods an meeting new epople .
In additi , I am willing to wkr lno housr for your caef .
I wolud welocme the chance to work as a part of you cfa weher I will amek a smlal contribution while developing my Englis sikll furthre .
Meeitng we people and setitn up ne soical relationships a also ht temitng point attracting me .
In adtiion , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which ateks abotu 10 mintues to go on foot and i hev 2 dasy fof a week that gives me opportunity to cahlelnge a new bo .
I am aavilable for interview on omnday monring nxet week adn i am looknig forwdr to heranig rfom you soon
Your afithfully ,
Thao
Dera lilal ,
I hope this meail fnids you wlel !
alst week , my firends and I wree selected rfo th lcas to go on a fascinating tir to a contemporary and magnificent museu .
At tihs mind - blowing place , we looked adn gazed at the phenomenlaly awe - isnpiirng adn unbelievbale fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 01 metres high !
We aslo amed irlliant mini statues of a ytpe of dinosaur , I di the T - R adn my mate assmebled a Ratpo .
I lxuruiate teh manufactuer of ht spellbnidin mdoels na th gift we ge to ipkc in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyde this unforgettable xeperinece to the emsemu , adn hope you can take your tmi o to go o day !
Kdn Rgeards ,
J
A baout me !
My anem is Claudi , I 'm born in Sweedn .
my parents names aer Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have oen dler siste and one older brother , tye aer twins an teh ar 22 eyars odl a hteri naems are Keivn a itled , I have two dogs Eab and Liea . old .
Leia is 6,5 months old and Eb is 9 years old .
My favorite thing to do is lpay sims 3 and sims 4 nad listening to music , my favorite umsci ytp is orc and of course my faovrtie bdn is Green D a of cours then my faovriet song is stray eharts(Green ya ) .
My AfVORIT movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(Teh Twilight sag ) .
My faovrtie usbjcets are English adn msui , mostly becaus I love to sign and play guitar .
I lvo Disnye movies like Mary Ppopnis and Peter Pan , bu I ca n't ese dog movies because if there 's soemtihng sad ilk teh dog dies ehn I iwll rc .
My favroiet books ar of ocures lal the twilight boko(I ca n't choose one :3 )
en my free time I plya guitra adn dnace an sing .
If I do n't do aht then I am with my dogs or iwht my friends or ju at home pyaing sims ! AND THE MiS 4 CAME O Of LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM OsOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
When i grwo up I wna to work iwth umsi in sem kind , but if i do n't work with tta hte I want to work with animals !
I thkn th most beautilu building tah I have visited is ht " Monumento a La Bandrea " .
It 's placed in orsario , ragentina .
It sa built on June 20 , 1957 by teh archiettc and engineer Angel ugido to celebraet the Fla Day .
In ht asem lpace wehre amneul Belgran frits raised th Argentina flag on Frbuary 27 , 8121 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a veiwpoint on the top , nad it is famous of its bgi flag and the cryp in tribut to Manuel eblrgano .
Inside the " Monumento a La nadera " uo can see historical obejcst abuot t hsitor of raegntina , in the unedrgorund it 's the hlal of honor of Amreican Flags .
If oyu want to enter to teh hall of hono or enter to the monument it 's fer but if yo watn to go up to eh viewpoint , unless yo are uonger 5 , uo must pya an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
The building is poen from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hta them or olv them , vlilains a the funniets part in every story board .
Since I aw a child , my favouirte characters ra being teh cruellest no .
Why ?
Obviousyl because in eevry stor , boko or moive , depsite heroes rae weekr than bad charcatres , tehy lawyas w !
What a bornig stiutaion !
ofr examlpe , in Terminator 's moveis vlialin was always stronger dn more equipped than hero , but at the end of th voie ht righteous wins the battle .
Fianlyl , latse movies are based on curle , bad , dirty nad strogn charatcer ! Enjo them !
In recent years , coial media stie ahev developed dn inetprenetrated o society as hte essentilas raipdl .
There ar enormous numbers of usesr al vore the owrl , and socai media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube ra utilized fro acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing hpotographs and communiactign betewen nidividuals , individuals and oragnizatino or between organizations .
While social mdei istes change uo society more convenient and more comfortable as copmared with the apst , they simutlnaeously accomapn some isusse .
There are two davantages and a disadvanatge of the current social consequencse , na I mention conceivable effects of soical medai sit in hte ufture .
Bulgraain paernts can choose when their children srat school- at 6 or 7 years o .
ebofre htey start school they have to finish precshool .
Usually childre go to kindergarten up to 5 year dl , and after thta the start prescohlo .
In ihs case tehy strat hcool at 6 yeras .
Smo ihldren start shcolo at 7 eyar ol , it depends on hwe tye a born - at the bgeinnin or near hte edn of the yra .
ht Bulgarian cshool year statrs in the middle of esptember .
So if ht chil is born in the first few months of the year , parents c choose when tehir child will tsatr school at 6 years nad fe months or 7 yeasr adn few motnhs .
Most Bulgarian parents er not agree thri chilrden to satrt school at 6 yaer dl .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking chgne the law so la chidlern have to tsart at 6 yaesr old .
I thkn I ca n't compare deucation of ihldren in school or tertiary education between Bulgarain and Australia , because I still do n't have chlirden nad I am n sutdidng in university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hmoetown , Kotrrijk .
Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern patr of Belgium .
It is also the Dutc sepkaing pa of Belgium .
okrrtijk is enarby the French border about 15 mniutse by ac .
T otnw sa 010.00 inhabiatnts .
It w buitl in the 11t century na is wll nkow for st shopping area .
Ou
Atfre a ady of sohpping , you ca go at one of the myn rsetaurants Kortrikj has .
You can hcoose bteween sevarl ytpe of fo such as Japanese , Italian , Fernhc and many other ofdo .
Of cosre you c eat th tpyically Belgna dsih mussels wit French ires .
In summer Kortrij organises little concerts .
T concert attrac amny people rfmo all over Belgium .
Now Kortrjik is hcanging a l .
The las few years a olt of buildign has bee do in the aera .
New birdges hav ernicehd the town .
Many rgeen ozens hvae been implemented .
Dear isr or Madam ,
last week , I aw on holiday wi my faimly in your " New Holid Village " .
Ufnortunatley , ru holiday di not live up to t claims made by uo .
We da a number of rpobelms ; t fsrt en is concenrin th number of besd : uo offered spcae to slee for six persons so we eecpted six eb , tu we noyl ha five .
So , two of us h to share en bed , which is hardl acceptable
The other problems is bauot the offered excursions : You promised a nubme of attractions , but two ( the wal up to the mountain as well as ht visit of a hsitoirc caslt ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutirtion : In your brochure it aw told that we will ahve a number of restaurants aornud , btu in fact there aws only one whhc aw , in addioin to th , really xepenisve .
This is in our hone opinion to acceptable , becuase in t brhcure oyu atlkde about more thna noe restaruant .
To us it up : We wer not very pleased with uor holiday as we could n neojy some of th things you rpoimsed to us in the brochure .
We are teh opiinno taht y hsoudl not offer thnigs which aer in fact ont available .
Yoru sincerely ,
nan Oslen adn family .
wo people 's lives wlil chnage in eh future ?
It requirse a irch imagination to yr to up a view of hte future , rist of la hte measn of transpotr will change , deepnd mainly on the osalr enrgy or th nuclear eenrg , a flying public transport bsu will be a fts ride to owrk , you iwll need to supyl your car with spniahce after they invent a spniach - using car .
Also ht fo will chagne in the future , capsules of yoru afvoruite oods will be vaailabl at eh future in ht mobile supermarkets , these caspule turn itno your lunch as sono as oy p a samll amount of wtaer on it .
In t future wtae will be very expnesiev to hte etxetn taht you will have to work htree ohurs of overtime everyday to be able to apy for half a liter of elan water , ubt the oen htin tah wli nev cahneg in ht fturue is eh smiel on your mtohre 's fca whe oy ruprise he by cleaning uor bedroom iwthout usnig the robot tha belongs to your oedr broehr .
I think today 's teelvision is still a good vaule , becuase there is mroe chcie tahn ever before .
Y can s whatever yo awnt , whenever you want!Ther 's always somethign to wat f everybyd .
Of cousr I think that we should n't wat ot umhc etleivsion .
I think htat 's the olny negative opitn from today 's etlevisoin , becuase maybe hteer 's too mu cohice !
Som people ujs wact tv th whoel day lon , na stay in their ohuses .
htye ju ca n't stop wtachnig television , because there 's ujst so muhc wha thye lkie to wahc .
I thnik th we shoudl promise ourselves th we juts wathc maximal 1 ohru TV veeyr day .
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology fr tod , and ll teh enjoyable tv - programms !
This phoot shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on ht ebmankmetn of Khabarosvk .
On the background yo can se th rvier Amur .
On the left you c see poepl on an observation aae .
htey 're enojiyng hte vei .
I was very exicetd bceaus it was my rist visit to Khaaborvsk in the summe .
Teh icty olkos beautifu in this time .
By th wa , in aht day veerbyodys weer celebrating the ady of the Ctiy .
Aftrewards we wen for a walk .
We felt happy because we have to seen ofr a logn itm .
We uesd to engage in adncing adn sniigng .
Wehn we were schoolgerls we ues to spend a o fr time together .
We are living in idfferent places on .
Luckily , we are in tocuh .
It 's n difficult toya !
olst of modern messenger like WhtasAp , Skipy , Vier maek it possible fo us to tal , hcart as much , as we watn .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am wrtiin in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to rok in different situations .
I am available in summer whenevre and whervee .
I ahve qaulifictaion in chilrdne , I am a taecher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I hvae experience in adventure spotrs , I like the counrt and omunatin .
I also have a certificate of lifegurad .
I have experience wtih hcildren between aged 10 na 12 , I hva wroke in the Suot school Centre for wto years .
I ahev alway had a natura ability to work wel with chidlre .
I htink that htis oj I will enjoy wokrign with eh children and traienr satff .
I sepka English very ogo , because my mother is rfom UK nad my fahtre is from acnada , although we ilve in Spain in our hmo always spek in Egnlis .
My CV in enclosed .
I do not hvae expreienec to work in the kitchens , tu a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework ymsefl a emals .
I believe that I am suiatble of this oj bceaues ht psort , the children na ht country are patr of my hobbies .
I look fowrard to haernig from yuo .
Yosr fatihfully .
Th year is t last no before giogn to university .
Atfre so umch time at scool some people think ehy need a break .
On one hadn , it is true tta leaving shcolo means passing fmo hte absi to your future professio .
Afte sixteen years of continues owkr , it is ht pefretc mmoent to tek a res adn enojy yru life by travelling .
To onw baou other cultures and get new knowledge completly differetn from school .
However it could be a great tem to owr and enr some mon for paying universit or smiply ro sanig it .
On th toehr ha , yabe if we have a break until universtiy the ruoitne of working dn tsudin eveyr ady coudl breka .
So hwen univerity satrts , people will bceome busy , the routine wlil to be the same , and as a consecuences the mark will be lower .
to cocnlude , I think after scohlo we nee appyl for university in order to continue wokrin in waht we li .
The year off should be taek atfer uinversity studies
As the number of traffic accident sa incrsaed dramatically over eh year , finding the bets solutiosn sa ptutde the goevrnment under pressuer to whethre implementing stricter penaltie or using altnrative regulatinos .
Personally , road safety c not be ensuerd with either former or later methods .
Instead , it sohul be a ocmbinaiton of variou catiosn .
As a matter of fac , severe pnuishmnets cna partly decerase teh raet of offences .
onbody wanst to pya an expensive fine or spend time in pirosn , so fea of punishment imhgt be effective dn rpevent epopel to kae ht offence a escond time .
Moreover , one 's penalt also can be considrede as a mirro tha people ca look at nad vaiod diogn the same htings .
T main offences are rdiving ovre th speed lmiits , rdun driving , rdiivng withuo license .
Its penalties , depends on t severtiy , could icnulde fnies , ilcecne suspension , coumnity services or imprisonemnt .
Consequently , those punismhents make the drivers have to conecntrate on driving onyl , therefore , minimize the amount of accidenst .
By th same toek , a sole method coul not solve the traffic rpolbems as driving offnecse ar not t onl raeso that cause trfafci accdients .
Authorities shoudl enatc mo safety polciy on orad adn ensure by irpoving hte uqlaity of traffic facilities .
In many edveloping countries , government raely attcah special ipmortant to both the quality an uqatnity of hte traffic system , especially in urral areas .
People eaisly get acicdent whe driving in narrowed or severeyl damaged tsreet .
Furtheromre , vheicle collisions er rising geratly due to number of unclaer road sgin .
Traffic edcuation is slo an compulosry measure , especially to young generation as htye cvore majortiy of offences .
Peoel shou be eductae careuflyl aobtu all the sfaety regulations dn laws wehn thye get dirvign licence , hte more they know the rules , ht elss risks are taken on road .
In general , betterment of reduci traffic accidents is imporatnt .
Therefore , it should be considered careuflly on oh to combine both severe penalties and many other regulatiosn .
Pulbic transportation onc usde to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transrot oenslef in the ctiy .
Howveer , the nicreaisng number of car ownerihp sa been atkne place of public tranoprtation , providing more convenience to g around lpaces to pcaes .
Travelin by cars gives flixbility in ru schedul .
We do not have to concern to acthc a b or train at certain time .
We c g on a ac hwenever we wan to go to places a drive .
Such conveneicne of cars acn enables us to use oru time efficiently .
However , cars ca not atke lpac of pubilc arnsportations just fro that convenience .
Maintaining acrs is cost associative .
Drivign a car requires to fuel gas , an sa prices aer becoming mor and moer expensiv .
In additon , cars rqeurie regular mainteancne shc as oil chagne a checking iter pressures .
Mechanical porblmes na fotne be a costyl probelms .
Unlike public transportaoin , one sa to be resopsnible for his or re tlo of arnsportation , and it could be epxensiev sometimes .
On hte other hand , the puilc transportation is niexpnesive .
on to mentoin nto everyone ca afford keepnig a ca wht theri budget .
In other pesrpective , acr reuqir to drive .
Driving is not everyone c do .
For example , people who have disaibilties adn creatin diseases er to able to drvi .
ihldren under certain ga are not permitted to rdive .
For those people , public trasnportation acn be an optiam cohice of tarnsprotation .
In ocnculsion , cars are convneinet , howevr , it is ont for evreyone use .
hterefroe , hte pbulci transportation has its own menas of exisetnce , na there is a futur for public transportation .
Dear frneds !
Our congregation h carried educatinoa family camsp wit the uspport of NNns Itnegartion rpgoramme for 8 yaers .
We have a hugeexperience in ogranising esminars an cmaps for afmiiles wti disablde children .
of myn of cihldern partcipiating in ihs cma is the nol opportunity to spend tiem wit th coevals adn to feel fully - fledged emmbers of the society .
Words afil to exerss emotoisn that al participants expreience .
Health improvements of osm childne can be ocsnidered a mirael .
A chlidren te a lo of positive emtoiosn spedning item togteher dn learning hwo to be tolernat .
Reduction in financial supprot fro foreign charit foundations aeds to mkae our ca on possible to happen tsi yaer .
Our budget is ifxde for lny 75 epopl , it is almos wtic a number of participant lsat year .
We do n't know nad we do n't want to know ho to reufse a particiaption in teh camp to chilrden in this stiuaiton !
We want lal our hcilrden to go to thi camp , so we set up a donaiton rpoject .
The greater amount of money has alrday bee collected ahnks to th rtustee board of " NNN " community , tu we still nede additoinal $ 10300 .
We are asking you not to aty indifferent to dsiable children and to privde feasible help .
( Essay )
The idea taht newspapers will dmiinsih by item du to people 's perspecitv otwadr sruifng hte intrene ro the worldwide nwes dose no necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
One of th most controversial iuses nowadays is that a lagre secotr of ht society deals iwht neswappers as a daily ruotine .
Tye ca n't withstand one d wihtotu skimming through their page iwht a uc of ae in the morning .
To t best of my knwoledge , it is a way of behaving roe thna a ya coping with the laets technoloiges .
To begin , the reason for decresain the popularity of news appers is tah omts people , recently , rely on being noilne sot of ht time to follow ht latest news a aronud the world .
Th second main reason is tha online enw is oftne fere of chagr .
htus , people re nesw at ayn tim and for free .
On the toher hadn , newsappers ra presented in a definite place , with ilmited itme in daditoin thye are daily payable .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliabel sapetc of publishing .
It is obvious that the adliy newspapers having a repsectful erputation a ht ones which cuodl be accpete by thousands of peolp .
In this sepect , newspapers seem to be mroe cerdibl than numerous websites thta make up fak storie much more tahn pbulihsing real news .
Furthermo , reading haibts vae their o tsate , specificayl of those elderly peolp .
Tehy enoj runing hte pgae na raednig hte headlines usin their yeeglasse .
That marvelous tasteflu generation ca n't be buried laiev as the hav thier own experiences and infulences upon the modern soictey .
In light of t forgiong discussion , it appea to be ure that ht inrenet is an incredible aspec twoadr globalisation even in dail news worldwide .
Hoveer , the newspapers slil have their lead in that perspective .
It can be sugegsted htat combination of bto aerans will positiveyl influence teh ways of edlivreing enws .
Last weke one frien of min otdl me about a we cafe th had ujst opened naer my ohues and htta she thought it wa a magci lpaec .
At fits , I did n't believ that htsi lpac wou be as amaizng that hs said .
Hwoevre , I cacepetd her pal nad I met her at " Wondealnd acé " .
I ha to be honest nad recmomend al of yuo this magic plac .
It has almost evreything that you eed in a cafe , comfortable chairs and osfas , beatiful features nad a really good - tas cofef tah they esrve in most of twenty different wsy and wit all toppings you na ihnk in .
Althoug th most important thing is that there ewr n onyl rfiedny tsfaf bu they loo like if they wer having tea in Wonderland , wiht Alice and hte White Rbabit .
I strongly recoemnd th cé if you want to nejoy an excellent cfofee with a raeful dceoratio and brilliant preformances in whic y acn aprtiicpate whil hvain a drikn .
You will lo it ! !
I 'm 50 yera dl and I 'm liivn in a littel cyt anme Monaz .
At my age is vyr important to keep f so I ride tiwce a week .
This sport is on so hrad , give me the opportuint to do an cativity that is not ot expensive and oclud be dno outdoosr and not in a closde sportshall .
Wne I caem bkc fro my jo , in the aftreonon , I aer something ocmfortable , atek my kie and go away over the stere alnoe wti my tohugths na no noe cuol disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on th awy for tw horu and I nejo so much thsi time for ymsefl hta I 'll remain uotisde for eev .
For everyone w woul lkie to start this oprt is mioprtant to remmeber that uo rae aloen wiht yourself and mts have the pow to ipmrvoe the tmi you 'll stya out and never give up .
The vist is a movie in which two grandparents get to know hi grandchildren for th ifrst time .
They hva enevr te his grandparen because h mom had a fhgt long time with them even before they both wehr born , that it caused not to know more about cah other .
ht girl is making a film fo a scho prjocet abuo the journey about nkowing his grandpranets .
Then btoh kids relaize that somethin is gion worgn wit thme .
because sometimes th tsrat acting reall ewidr adn after 9:30 pm wedr thnigs happen to them , then both ikd understand that hi grandparents are hiding a really bgi secret .
I thin this thrliler will get oyur nerev out of you , the movie reveals mayn thin as it ocntniues it 's acutally so ood an of those tha are scared about thrillers , thi movie is mro lek suspees and I raelly think oy can enjoy it .
ehn facing a decisino on whether to shop in a hsoppnig center or in msall stores , myn people will coose the shopping center beacsue you cna buy all ytpes of products at ocn .
Others , incldunig myeslf , belvee tta sho in small stores is the premimu choice .
In the followin essay , I will outline wt reasons to support my view .
First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different eslcetion .
That is to say , most slal stores am have thri won logos on umg or even T - shirts and it is more liekly to ifn handmade products in it .
ofr intsanec , my frinesd ocn bougth a nice scurff with cet ainmal fiuger in a samll store nad I really like it afte she showed me .
Therefore , t next day she brought me bakc to the store , we found out that they d nto ahev eh same scruff because it is hte only noe .
Alhtoguh I was disappointed hta I colud not have the asem scfuf but this is t nu aprt thta ohp in small stroes , you can always ifnd something nuiqeu .
Second , it is rtue th shpo in a shpoping cetner is fast and convenient because on c buy all types of tihngs together .
Hoewver , msot shopping center provied limited selecitons nad sometimes hte price is expensive .
In occnlusion , I prfeer to shop in a small storse beacus it is more likely to fdn ht oen na hte only rpodutc while it alos provides a sense of rteausre hunting .
eh changes on television are evident , it coudl be becsue the scoitey are changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
If tv 's programme are a lot of rbubiss , is because osem pepole preef thso .
So , we vae to tek care of it .
Maeb , there are a lo of repeats of old programmes , but some of th aer tsill watched for a logn number of pelpe .
And osmetimes , porgrammse ra so aggressive na giev people bad messaegs .
On eh toehr hand , there is some chnanels , which show documenatreis na programmes aobut speciifc subjects like scien , mta or sitory .
A there are muiscal channels too .
I think there rae good tv 's progrmames , ub eppole do n't vie them the value that they sholu have .
Ther ar a to of old porgramems , bu it is n't a problem .
The television ha still something impornat to hso .
I am writing to conrgautlate on the excellen Dumpligns Festival hwic I attende in Cracovie alts onevmber .
I spend a gerta tmi with my frined , ub I haev a we comments concering th organisation .
I wsa far for impress by all dumplings wihhc housewives prepared .
In my opinoin dumlpings iwth spniach tatsed great .
I am mipressed a cbaraet who perfromed duri ht fesitavl .
Them jokes were very funyn .
However , teher are a copule of slal sugetsoins .
First of ll , the vanue itsfl aw very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
It ocul be a ogo diea to ifnd a rage locaitno .
I wa a paernts with children ub dis idd not ha many attractions .
I wolud kie to suggest fire spceail animatro wgo wlil entertain kid .
In addiction tciktes wer ot expsnive .
oy should tihn abotu reducing prose or prepare spceial discount of axmlpe f studetns .
Once aian pleas accetp my compliments on a ojb ewll done I hpoe y fni my sgugestinos ehlpflu na I ook forward toa n even more sucecssful evnet next year .
Yorus faitfully
These days , the us of technolo is nicerasing , especially rotos .
According to Rusesll and Norwing robo are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by commnad ( as cited in Cihijndu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
ehy represe an innovation htat has cahnged the wodl in distinct wasy and hev imlpanted in different areas of soceity ; for xeampel in securyt , helath , army forces , education , nidustrise na agriculture .
Consqeuently , positive and negative coial miapcts ac be obesvred by eh population .
More accuraet surgeries , emoitonal bnod and increase of cmomuincation ra examples of positive consequences .
Negative impast scu as ht human dependnece on robots fo doing absic activities and pollution of enviornmetn can be citde .
Tsi essay will describe the posiitves nad ngeatives social cnoesquences of th robots , and posisbel implications in the future .
Each day , t enviornmen suffesr differne problems caused by the globla warmign an hmuan ar the uniq giult of this issue .
We nede to analyze and ivnestigat hte main prolbem to find sloutoins which may get better our wordl .
First of lal , transport is th omst relevnat carbon dioxid 's emtiter .
As we know , in a citei a lot of car are used veery day unnecessarily .
rpobably , if we sued up public transprot like bsu instead of private , we owul redcue the greenhouse effect because of the CO pordcued .
Secnodly , th heg amount of littre folating in the rivers an esa 's awter desrtoys the ecosyetm and has a hig visual impact .
Sometimes , ctiise get rid of rubbish throwing it to hte wat .
An esa answer cuold be biulidng omre lanfdilsl .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and nra rpoblem .
Reusing htigns that we do n't utilize ( ilke clohtes , furniture … ) and give htme a ' second life ' .
I think we msut be down to eatrh an craetive to cut down our daiyl tra 's production .
To usm up , it 's necessary to solve the enivronmentla prbolmes to keep sfae our plante , so we had btetre star resovling closer issues .
If we aovdi tehm , hte earth lil get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm papy htat y worte me to ask sem davice .
Well , to travel there in rbaizl , oyu haev to choose som places to go , ebcuase her we have a olt of beautiful placse to visit and have nu .
To help you , I ende to know what do you prefer to do .
If you want to go to eh beahc , I 'll etl oy to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there ra the most aeutiful beaches in the entire wordl .
You hev to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
For htees places , the best season is the Summer .
On other place to visit in Summer is hte pantanal .
There uo iwl see one of hte omst beuatiful biome taht you have ese .
In ptnanal the weather ir ho nad we , and we na drive into t river edepe in teh wood and see hte wdl animals like the ailgators .
If you want to coem her in hte Winter , oyu haev to know the uoth .
htere , yo iwll es beaultiful cities with European architecture and oy will ifnd nice win factories .
Fro work , I advies yo cmae to Sa Paulo .
Hre , oyu 'll find most of nids of temporayr job , like in restuarants , bars , et .
I hep that I hlepde uo nad se yuo sno .
Chinese , apnish dn Portugsee no one of those languagues are so populra as Enlgish is .
Ovre 1 billion epolpe around the owrld speak English as a second language because of thta it is consiedrde the nuivesral lagnugae .
Nowadys , it is an obligation to get a better job .
I iwl dsicuss t imporatnce of English as a escon language in Brali .
Even tuogh , tsud a lnaguag become easier becuase of t niternet , flnecy is hared to get when you sutdy by yuorsefl .
Brazliliasn eed learn Engli because it oepn doosr in business and in higehr education .
In Brazil , ergula schools tcah fo students ht bsaic aspects of the langauge and do no te them emeeg in the alnugage .
It ac epxlian a lttle b of Barzi 's lack of English speakers .
Lea Engilsh as a froegeni language will make a gue impac in brazillians ' professional ilfe to get a better posiiton .
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of neglihs speaksr .
The brazillian educational sytsme should be aware to develop omre sutednts ' langaueg ksills .
Learn English as a secnod lnagauge will help brazillians to get a ebtter jo adn hva more opportunities in thie careesr .
It is a rhc , graceful and delightful laugage to leran .
nna knew that it aws going to be a veyr special day for her .
To eh natinoal cahmpionhsips in swmimnig , she was perparign since lats summer .
Takin part in it an agiinng the bets palec wa her biggest dream .
Especailly since the previous natioanl competitino wehn sh usffered a shoulder ijnury adn could no start .
After ll , thi is a hra wkr orm an early age adn on ht list of plyaesr deo ont enet by accident .
But the adliy duteis , whcih she had as a teenager , dn t murderous workouts lil midnight , ubilt in eh teh storng will to iat .
hse kenw tah besdise her , the cae will be attended by the bes grils fmo all ove the cuontry .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming poo ofr the nxe ujdegs command .
Only a few secosd separated her from the jump to the water .
eh judge ordeerd to take place at t sites .
Anna looked aagin tawrd ht audinec , where hre the bes nas in teh world wer istitng - he parents , friedns , caohc and friends .
They all wer keeping their finegrs corssde .
S swma so fast , like a formre ifsh , not a huam being .
In the ware she feels like at home .
Only fater a while , aftre a few uqic and shotr breaths occurred to eh that sh fulfliled her bigge dream .
Anna wno first prize , regnied confidence .
It wsa one of th happiest day of he ilf .
I woul n't like to be a etacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am n as patein as a tecahe h to be wht all his sduents although on moe of them er naughty .
Mayn of my friends are teachre , they like their oj despite hte fatc that htye fote ahv to edal iwht lively children or layz students a ehav praenst .
These epopl sometimes think of hteri sons or duaghters as innocent angels who sepnd a lto of their itme iwth inexperienced teachers wit no qualifications .
Teaching cuodl be a stimulating worikng environment for sutdetns and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the imporvemnet of teachnig skills .
In htis cas , teaching would n't be omnotnoous and wi no opportunities or prsopect .
Dear Si / Madma ,
I am writing to aks you if yoru school coudl organize an idnividual cour in English of me .
I stduy English for wto reasons .
First , it is necessary fo my job ; second it is my hobby .
I have been studiyng English fro ten yaers . I ma sesne of t reading , but I am on godo at listenig and writing .
My pronuncaiiton is n alawsy correct , as a result I have moe problems with lietning . I know English eoconmic terminology very well btu my everyd English is rather poo .
Howevre , my grammar is not tta ba .
I scro 56% in my last test .
I would ilke to isng up fo a summe course ro three omnhts .
I enjoy vitiing museums , travelling in my free item .
I prere learning on a one - to - no basis , bacuse it is more comfotrable for me .
I ook forward to hearing for y soon .
Sinceerly ,
vegenia Ilyina .
edra sir ,
my nmae is amrocs , I would like to aplp for ht job in t summer acmp .
I actually voe uotdoor activities , I have been parcticing orkc climbing for nni yaers now , a satr wti motocross siec 021 aslo i consider myself very nice with children and teenaegrs . whne I was a cihld my fathre and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till fuo year ago , bceaus he is no lgner be abel to stay uo of the city , b he taught me la that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do thigns in the woo .
Also I am che , so I can assure yo htta I iwl be helpful in the kitchen , I have ebe cooking for a large maonut of people for 7 years in a really ib restaurant .
I iwl committed ymeslf to do the bts to make your summer camp one of th best
isncerely
marcso rodriguez
It is sai tta no ftuure fo public transportation . I think it when I was yonug , but it is chaegd wlie I am gtetnig older .
But it is change recently , I efll donw an hurt my knee , so that I acn not drive by myeslf .
wo I eed it gaain .
There are a olt of benefit by developin publi transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
omst developed countries developed ht pbulic transportation system to low th imapc of growing population .
ehn , it is cost efefcitve .
Shared cts let ht hueg expense on developing an building the public system possible .
Finally , it is envinomentally .
Public transportation is proevd less energ consumpito .
I still think teh public rtansporttaion system will be grownig on in scuh a crodwe era .
Hwo long hvae't you use pbuli transportation ? do you garee th ther is no ufture for upblci tnasport ?
I persnoally think so , ht reasons ar as below :
First , As we a know , Cars pal a very important loe in o life , hte mroe an omre casr come in our family .
Also travelling , of course , tta 's a ibg part of teh function of the c !
The evry well edvleoped hgihway , rosd , city streets proived a good founadtoin for eh acsr , look at th North America , hte hgihwasy wer developed anywhere , it 's really oyur wo lose if you do n't drive a ca , drive on hte(highways )
Second , Human strat to learn rdivign at eh age of 16 , a ehy can amsetr the driivng skills ver quickly ( iwthni a month or tw ) , soo they ca rdiev to wherever they watn to go , adn we laos s ppole at ht ga of 80 sitl driev to thie edstinations as teh ogt sude to it .
so who care to bother taikng eh public transportation anymroe ?
Third , Teh upblci transportation sucks , when you tihnk aobtu it , yuo ac picture ht cwoded subways , diryt busse , and the difficulty / hususlts between the public transportation transefr in oyru midn .
The wasted time also shlud weight in , whether it is waiting f hte traisn , or waitgn for the delaye buses , to to meniton the longer tim it tkaes compared to travelling in a car .
dn rdiivng your o acr ac be very conveeint too , it ac rhgt moe to you nw gaarg .
All in all , upblci rtansport is on as fast as a car acn be ; it 's not as convenient as a car c provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
I agree with this statement that being asfe is bteter tna feelin sorry .
Tehr are the three following reasons .
Firstyl , no one like to be s .
Li is full of good things w do n't we loo to teh full side of the cup isntaed of looking at hte emp en ?
Bieng sad adn sror will destroy oyu lif , becasue you will ont be able to work , eat and li in a good way .
ll of ihs will affect your ilef badly , maybe oyu will olse your oj or yuor health will not be good anymroe .
Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in tehri livse .
olo around yo , rcmies and death rae srounding us , all this people rae deramin to lev a peaceful life withotu all ht aspects of killing and sadness .
People ra fgihting as they ca to onyl erach a calm ilf where everyo of the na be asf .
Thirdly , I lievd two yaer iwthout feeling saef and comfortable .
Th war in my countr make me feel no lonegr sfae .
For that reason I beelive tah being sfa is absluolty bteter than srory . I lil laway remember my ad telling me to acml down , syain that the life wil go on and oneday a of us will be satsifed with hti life .
In conclusin , I thin aht lal of us sholu see thuogh ores -tinted glassse and be happy , becaues oy live a calm life without anything maeks you srry .
Be someone famuos ofr a ady
If I could change places ofr 24 hours with a famous persno , I would lkie to be Paula hcevarria
I start etlling sometihng about Paula Echvearria , she is a very pretty and faomus catres , hse also rwties in a fahsino blogn , she is 34 years o a she is marride wht David ubstament wh is a popula adn hadmesome isnegr in psain , they have a daughTer , hre na is Daniela dn htye aer like a prefetc faimyl .
I ha chosen apula becaus she is popular , afmous , rich and s has the perfect husbadn bu above la I chooes h because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smliin .
Theerfore seh hsa everythnig gdo aobut bein a celebirt tu the most impotrant is that she is a great person .
L me conlcdue by saying that I would like to be apula for one day becuas Not only is s a good proefssional bu also a wonderufl rel omde to be ofllowed by everyone .
I would like to atkl about my hoyb of breeding bidrs , tsi hobby is very pelasant to me na asl for man peopl , especlaly when you have different knid of sinign birds lik canary or fcnhes … .
This hboby gvi me pleasrue an good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with teh sound of the singnig bird in my house .
At present , I have three knids of bisd , one of teh is yellow caanry , th second one is ifnch , and the tihrd one is combination of tow ikdns of birds , aehc bird has his o spceia voice .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and sicne the I have tried to vae many differnet knids of eh sinign birds , I spent en day in the wke to tka care of them , feedin htme , cleaning ht cages , change the waetr .
I wou like to recommend htis hobb to many people , because it giev us the sense of nature , and fills the ohsue with ht jyo and happiens .
By increasing the veritey of csr iwth we etchnolgy , people 's demand hastn ' st .
ub er htees n comsr will be placed by public transport ?
As tenhology enahnecd t life system in na aw pssible , pepole bceome roe dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that htese cra haev .
Another reason f using the own car is that eays access in a ceond .
Furthure mo , there are advantgase travelling by a ca , like seien the sceenyr a also the costs is lse in compare to lpaen .
tu it 's not possible htat every no ahev and use thei nw car .
In this case the will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will co a l , such as pollution hwich certainly acus more health probelsm na wil maek expense ont onyl fro us but fo teh toher as ewll .
The solution is public transport aian , whcih ehnnace the pa of life and make easy access by swbays and specail roads .
On the other ahnd , by increasing eh population we should revies ht regulation wit eh fast pace of technolgoy .
To mu up , as thuoght the cars are to covenient to some extend , ubt hte csot wli reduce t benefit .
So ofr sure we iwll sue pbuli rtansport but maybe with smo changes .
aer Si or Madam ,
I am wrtiing in respons to oyu advertismnet for the jbo in USA smumer camps .
I am interested in pplying of this position .
I am 25 years lod adn hav ujst finished the university as a sopr teaehr .
I think I am stiable ro htsi positino because I am hardowrkign and eneegtic .
I also have the proficiency ( PcE ) degree na I hvae been to the USA several tmise so my English knowledge is goo .
Frutehremore dunig my sutdeis at University I have worked in 2 projects absde on sporst activities for children gaed 7 - 13 , organising tme .
Excpe fro tah I am gettign ewl wtih chilern and vae no prlbems to wokr in the kicthens to .
This job wlud give me t opportunity to pactise my skil adn gte more experience with children as well .
I am free for the job from eh 20 of May unti the 15 of Septemeb .
I am available fro an niterview every dya fr 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hea from you .
Your sincerely ,
Aris Drehcsler
Sepakin English is beocming essentail for students and owrker .
F this reaos , school of English are opneing in a t bgi cities as well in mo tow .
Sutdiyng English in your country te you continue working or studying withotu cahneg your hbaits .
Anyway , it mts be tane into account that Enlgish courses are fote very expensive , and you hav to study in a consatnt wa to improv class by class .
In fact , uusalyl there is juts en class per wee , nad it is no enough without studyin by itself during the weke .
Studying Engilsh abroad is hte ebtter alternativ , tu it vae advantages and dsiadvantages .
On one hand , living aborda will be probably non chea , so it could be neeed to fin a ojb , tu it owuld be at the asme time an advantage : worknig with English poepel would hel you improve uqcikly your spaekign na lsitening .
On th other hand , living abro you 'll need to spaek English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to aern English in a hsor time , and in a not borin way .
So probalby , if you ahv hte opportunity to stay arboad several mont , oyu should do it , to learn English dn live a differen experienec .
TIPS Ro TOURISTS
The aim of thsi report is to give smoe advcie to lal of you who like shopping .
In oredr to improve t time you spe on it we will recommend you to sra in o of ours malls where oyu can fidn at oyru disposal several faciilites , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
Fsrt of a , coming to a mall will ehlp oyu to deal with them , aslo , we ha to rate positively the wed range of services oy ca find eher : restaurants , coffee shosp an smo free areas to spare .
Antoehr advantaeg is th y will ifdn most of the hspos you ac fnid in ht tiy centre but you wo n't gte los while you search them .
For ll of you who have ikd yuo wli als be interested in eh dfifreent aresa which tkae care of tehm fo free as umch tim as yuo ende .
I would strongly rceommend this at th na time to all them to relax , hterwise y will haev to leaev sooner than yo expected .
In conclusion , yo wli sav , tem , money adn a foot ahce so accept my avdice and try to enjoy ht ers of the tmie of the icty .
I am goin to write about a sohrt stoyr thta I haev reda rfom the ook : And all ro love .
title : The kmiono .
Writte By Herebrt Erne Btase .
htree a two main characters .
T polt is about a man , Atrhru , twenty - five year old , egnaged to a nice gril .
Artuhr went to London to an appiontment fo a job intreview .
Th compna requested mi to go back three ady lat , so he sa looking of a hotel that someone had recoemmedd mi .
He g lsot an asked aobut the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanhce , a beautiful girl .
He was edlighted tih h na fel in lo imemdiatley .
This changed his fie ofrevre .
He Forgot his engagement an went to lvie with lbanche .
But all w n as wonderful as the expected .
twenty - five years ltaer he rergest his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had to met lbanche .
I chose thi sroy becaus eev though this nevl sa written in eh early twentieth centyr , the underlynig htmee , is sitll current doay .
And laso I owuld like to higlhihgt tta reflects th importanc of every decision we make and ohw it can change our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent Aemrcian moei that tells the rla story of a group of imnesr that eke trapped in a imn 00 mertes undergruond in Cihle ofr wto mtnhs .
Tihs rgopu h a laeder callde Mario Caass tsarring Antonio Bandersa .
The film is ewl - developed and shows eh auidecne eveyr little iseu na difficulty that miners hda to go through .
However t fisrt 17 day in eh movie colu tu a bit tedious because the riector focsued in eevyr signl feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse the resucres foudn the plac wehre the minesr were hidgn dn the moment ro rescue htem tsatred .
The chraactres wer perfect as sono as they were people frmo Cihl and Bolivia that wer involve wit the rea accident .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acti as a desperate leader committed with teh loacl peopl .
Despite some detaisl , I thnik yuo ca n't miss thi iflm if you want to nkow the turth of t recent mirael called " ht Chilean miners " .
It is universaly know that sohppign is not always enjoyael .
However , oehr people think in teh oppoiste direction .
I agree aht shpopign is ont alway ejnoyable .
Everyone know that shopping is a ood way to spend time dn gte positive emotions or jsut relax .
Even thoug shopping acn maek bad affcet on ru health especially we can feel iterd or exahuste in the dn of hard ya .
At the smae time there ar one more opinion that ohpping is always enyoable .
epolpe decalr tah hsoppign acn make ru mood teter aht in consequence wil make as nu .
As ro me I do n't ager with these epople .
Quet often in eh shopping centre is not enough iar na as the resul y can te a haedaceh or jsu feel bored .
In conclusino I uold liek to asy that there are dfifreent views about shopping nad it 's not sruprsie because we are all different .
Do we nede the nitenret to nejyo li to teh ufll ?
Inetrnet hsa been developed a lot for the last yesr , and we ca sue esaily for dion any tasks .
tu it is a ogo inventio for the world ?
To answe these queitons we have to analyze viing osem positive and negatiev arguments .
On th positive side , the us of internet helps us to fi easily dn quiclky a lot of information aht talk auot all the toipsc .
Wha is mor , we can only ahve to press one computer key to find hwa we rae searchnig .
F this reaosn ht most epople have Internet at home .
On the negative sied , the es of Interne can be a waste of item in our lives ; this hpapens because althouhg search is faster , we can distract looking at other thing on accuont of t attractive of the Intrene .
Flolowign the above argument , this is the danger of spe hours and ohurs srufing the wbe and not being in rela owrdl ejnoying the live .
To sum up , teh Internet is a ogod and effieint insturment if we know the ocrrcet us of it .
If not , it coul be a wsate of time that ca produce t oppsoit menanig of enjoying the lief .
Nowadays it is very frequent to mee new eprosn ocmnig form abroad who spea different lnaguages and psea abtu the home ocnutries .
hti makes us curio to leran omr about foreing countries na hteir culture .
ubt to learn new cultures we must kon their languages , sepecially if we nat to trevl .
eu to globalization tehre rae more adn more multinational companies that erquier employees who can speak at elsat fulen Englihs but if a candidaet kwos mor lagnugaes he can have more caree chances and ahcieve top leevl opsitions .
In my opinion it is very important to speak severla langauegs n noyl fro aobv reasons but asl to train barni , to have teh opportunyt to find a jo arboa adn , why no ?
, To hev mroe uf with friends whom we now in ou smumer holidays abroad .
Ufnortunately it is evyr difficult to learn ofriegn langugaes wehn we a adult so it is extremeyl important to teach and to study them sicne kindeagrten age .
ht doorbel ran insistetly , It was Saturday , in ht aerlie monring and I tslil aws in bed .
Th lats olw suond of eh dorobell finished to awk me up."I am not dreaming " I tohught , ¿ Who is ringin at ihs tmi?Then I juepd otu of ht bed adn wnet dow afs the upstairs .
I still was in pyja , so I id n't open teh door fts .
First I asek " ¿ hwo is ringing so aelry?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a fmaily voice shuoetd me throughout ht door .
You do n't think opennig the doo at your ltitle brother¡Oh brtoher!I shouted an I ran to pone de door .
aht are you doing here ?
and He held me strongely .
Whta amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
But Y weer in erland , Wah are oyu doing ehr?I wo n't expect oyu .
I would want to do a srupris ssietr!I imss you .
I am so fra from ho .
It is soemtmies evry hard ofr me .
Oh I msis oyu oo a I was looki forward to oyu .
I'm vre excited becasu of you ar here .
We are fianlyl together .
It 's for trhee mohts since I wsa in Ireland visiting uo .
I hope you are a lto of time onw wit me .
eys .
I 'm going to sat o week .
I'm on hloiday cshool .
Dear Jane ,
htansk for uor lette , it was so nice to hear from you !
How a you ?
I believe it is amazing the projetc that you ra doni .
In answer to yoru question baout the sue of niternet eboyung peopel of o aeg , I htnik it is very helpful to g information easier and quiker .
Atlhough , it plays a freat rol in remvoign eh bodrers on nations , in a matter of seconsd we ac now communicaet with people around the wodl , whhter fro importan busines matetrs or just talking to a rfiend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has ma ways of helping epople shc us wtih their homework , using Google , or entertainment ewbsite ilke Youtube , emails ewbsist scu as Hotmail , and t numbre one social nwtork site , Facebook .
Evidently , we na on imganie how mcu time we spend noline , because we are the whodl d connectni , in uo hoess , omviel hpones a comptuers at wokr .
If theer is anyhting else you watn to know , drop me a lni anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourtie way to tarvel is by trian beuase I olev watching scenery through the winodws .
I htink it is a bohmeia trip too becaes teh trai use to be one of the most aprpecitaed menas of transport in th literacy .
hwen you tak a train , you can raed adn fe liek Phileas ofgg in " Around the owrld in 80 days " .
I feel ebtter wehn I travel over grnud because I ahev fear of heights .
Although experts say ht plane is the asefst maens of transoprt , I continue htniking It is very danegrou .
Prboably , I 'm afriad of planes becaues the meid use to show plane accidents mro ofne .
The boat is a very beautiful wya to tvael , bu I 'm usr when I tarvel by oba in hte uftuer , I 'll efel anxiety because I 'll be sruroundde by water .
In cnoclsuion , my main porblme is the concenr baout h sef is the mnas of rtnasport taht I tak , so , the trian let me to be mroe realxde ahn other ways to trvael .
Volleyball is a ocmpelte sport where you c exericse all yoru muscl .
It 's a sport where wto teams play on a ocur , wihch is separaetd fro a central net .
T player ahev got a lal which h to cross at the otehr side .
Eahc tma has ogt a limited number of taps to reutrn the ball .
T ball , usually is hit wit hand and rams , but aslo with any pra of body .
A feature of the volleyball is that the lpayers ahve to rotate tier positions whlie they rae gettgn opint .
In fact , I neojy playing volleyball becaues it is a fun sprot which oyu na parctise wiht a lot of people , leeven people cnocretel .
I sugges at teh nwe players of volleyabll htta they hev to srat step to step .
It 's a spotr that looks lik eys , but oy cna nijur easily .
Put comfortable lcotehs and siutbale shoes .
oynug epople ya cofnron some health issues , making bad choices , like f drugs an lacoohl and also a negative obdy igae , including crash diitng , eatin disorders and obesity .
Nwoaday they have to rok trhough a lot of issues while they ar in their aodlescnece , they beign to have lack of self - esetme , depression , scoial prsesur , an all tsi can cuaes a lot of prolbmes .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a ol of people do n't ta crorectly , tye consume a lto of ju food adn tihs cuase effects in their health .
They hva to raeilce hta if they notinue etaing aht w nad not doing an exeicse htey ar mo likely to have diffeernts diseases .
Maybe a l of people that a fat do n't hav the time to do xerecise , or they have tohe raeson , but that is not an excuse , htey have to have the hbait of ae healthy food .
Another problem is ilk teh junk food is really ceha , even cheaepr that hte ehalthy food , and people prefer to buy somteihng cheaper nad that 's a bgi rpolbem .
They nede to rcaete a new lifesytel habit to erduce teh obesity dn have a better body image , thye should ha a helathy eanig , na physical activi .
ll this to be in you perfect healthy body .
I wetn to a workshop about ht ligh contrloled synthesizer .
To ge to the plcae they weer holding the worksho in yuo had to come to the Chestre Beatt librray and then the giude arriv and led oy to it .
On the way three eevryone wh participated in the workshop sotpped to buy osm snacsk .
We were told to ohose biscuits and the guides piad for us .
When we reached ht wrokshpo th kids na I ewer told to put on protective lgassse an given booklets with the instructiosn .
We we taught wo to solder ow wires togehter na how to solder a wrie to a evor obrad .
We were instructed to make a badeg tah flashe different coluorde light by sunig osldre to atthc t lde and batter hatch to t badge .
Then we had to follow the instructions in teh booklet to make ht synthesizer .
At ifrs I wsa quit confused ub then oen of the instructors cam dn helped me out .
After that we hda a snack and then ewn on to assemble a the part toegthe .
We put them in emtal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
Whe hte lig sensor is in the sahd , teh ysnthesizer meitt a lwoer pihc , an when the sensor is exposed to light hte synthesizer 's picth rasise .
I wroked as an Advocate ( oslicitro ) fro a period moer tah four yeasr and from those job I gaien ltos of experiense about minute taking , edaling with lceints , raarnging meetings adn handling case .
I am a porfiicent ues of Micorsotf offiec packagse .
In my fisr placement I had to dae wit lots of cases relating to ivolatoin of children rgiths .
I worked volunatrily ofr some csaes about ujvenile justcie like ( speeyd disposal of caess , abu of their rights while they were under csutdoy , sutodial deat et . )
I wroked on a prjoec about how educaiton teh fundamental rights fo childrne nuedr 14 years of age is dneied in some community .
Tihs job is related to subejct of my interes .
I my second placement I had to eprofrm lots of administrative work inculidng tyipng .
I ha to work as a liaes iwt clients as well as the company officials ( sin Shriram Law Consultnat is a aprt of Shriarm rgopu of Companies ) .
The aitcle and t lecture er obut the attitud towards taking medical epxeirments on animals .
The author claims that th mia aim of the sicentists is to redu human usffering vee if it demands research cnoducted on anmials .
The lceturer oppose this idea , as , in her point of vie , medcial experiments on animals are n to be tkaen .
Firstly , hte auhtor niofrms us aobut impossiibilty to discvoe new ytpes of rdusg .
T letcurer answesr back , saying that diffeernt type of medicni have different impa on different specie .
Sceondly , ht auohr suggsets that it is impossible to erplcae experemnts on animals with anything esle .
Teh lecturer disagrees with th point of ivwe , becuas it is psosibl to irtoduce ocmputer substitution or do research on tisuse .
Thrildy , teh author considers scuh test to keep animal usffering to a minimu .
T lecture argues htat as a biologist she uesd to ese animals suffernig without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
T topic of the two passages is aobut future use of hydrogen absed ufe - lel engine .
The atricle states that the most efficient substiuter of internal - combustion engines will be feu - clel engines , because of their severla advantagse , while ht lecture refutes ihs poni by tsating yhdorgen does no have so many advantages .
Frist of all , teh reanig passage says tah itnenral - combustion egnine relies on petroleum , whihc wlil be dpeleted oson , but hydrogen will no deplete easily .
The professor contned htsi point by pxlaining thta hyrdoge is , in afct , not easily found .
She dds htat it is n directly usable , bceaus hydrogen should be obtained in prue lqiiud satte , whcih technologically is rey hra to be ktp under -200 dergese celsius .
escondl , the artilce states hta this hydrogen su wi sovle pollution problmes , inasmuch as it does ont ues acbron dioxide , b wtaer .
The professor contraidcst the eda by saying th will on solv the pollutio problem , bceasue it requires to be puriife in ordre to be used .
hse explain that in t rpocess of purfeciation , a big auont of coal and o is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
ifnally , t tricle says tta eh use of hydrogen is ihghl economic , because it reiures oln half of the eenryg of internal - combustion poewrde cars .
The prfoessor says that th claims in untrue , becuaes the material , from which teh cells are produced , is veyr expensive .
Seh explains platinum is very hard to find and witohtu this met it is impossibel to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Sccess
I am a fairly clam person and I am interested in readnig every kind of ooks therefore I have a quiet life .
La Spirng , however , sotehing happened wihc surpirsed everbyody , especially me .
My littel isster awtned to learn to pal th piano so she joine a suic school which organised a concer performance at the end of the coures .
I went with he an I watied for ehr the hwloe lesson .
It emans that afre sem mont I was able to read eh sheet umisc .
But a few months ebofre the play , disasre occurred !
My sister had faeln down re bike a hurt her wrist .
Unforutantely , she could no longer aly .
eh teacher asi to me ' Could y aly in the place of yoru ssiter ?
You are able to read ht sheet muisc and I thkn yo will learn to plya the paino in a while . '
I was absoluetly terrify as I had to show .
However , eh tecaher persuaded me to yr to lpay the ipano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on lpyaing .
As a reslu I spent the time playing t piano unti I eftl far more cnofident .
The day of ht concert I was so revous that I clud n't stop walking .
But when I starte , I relaxed nad eftl like I wa th lny pesro in the theatre .
At the end of t pya , ereybody papladued , never fle I so well .
I am goi to pl definitely the piano for a lo time .
A persno hw I adimer
One of the perso oh I adimr is Martin Luteh King .
He w a psatro of abutist hcurc na he ofught against the dicrimination of lbcak people in the nuaetd attes in the 60 's .
He fuonded the moveemtn for the civil rights dn to free a balkc people to teh raical sgeragtaion dn equality .
He pariticpated a lot of tmies on ht meeting , lik a leader , he went against the al ro seevarl times .
He had edcdied ont us t ivoelnce in tih knid of movements , because he was concentrated about fought aagints hte Vietnam War adn voerty .
eh ohter reason f amrtni ulthre Kin was eh right to vo for ht afroamreican pepole .
One of ih msot famous speeches sa " I hva a dream " , wher he discrives ht equality of eh societ ebetwing waith nad balck people , where all people c live toegthe .
He was umrder in 698 , in Menphys , he was 39 yaer old .
erpor on hsopping faciliti in my tow :
Intorductio :
T aim of htis erpor is to assess the most interesting shops fo tourists nad amek some suggetsions .
Shopping afcliities :
Msot people rae staisfied iwt hsosp in my to in sipt of begn quite small .
However , t reltaio betwne quality na price of the products are beliveed to be teh oms essenital points to ivist Cáceres .
In gneeral , shops er condensed in a specifi zone so htat tourists can find hwa they are interestde in very easily .
Suggestinos :
In general , touritss thni shops sholu be opede during mdidaya thye aer ofreigners na liek to buy tihnsg after watching sights aroun teh icty .
It is thought htat hte bse shops in Cáceres ar found in the ancient town as it has a medieval cahrmign which niovlves ivsitors in that moment of the time .
ocnclusino a recommendations :
Overall , the mojrity of th tuorisst prefer to buy typical products frmo eh rgeino and bseide it is evry enjoyable to taste a emal in San Juan Squra while poelpe awlk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the mian stree befroe to go to th heirtaeg town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm lgda to era you and I sih you to co to Russia for y holidasy .
oyu knwo taht Ruisa is a big country adn there are a lot of lpacse to visit .
In our country hteer are few different climate zens iwht veyr rich natrue , various cities wiht dl an prominnet history na culture .
I 'm pretty sure that uor joureny to Russia will be a ve good dn interesting experience .
Firs of all , y can come to omsco .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of hte urssia Federaoin , it 's a very fsa , enegretic icty with lot of things to do na to ese .
In t city tree are a lot of museums and art aglleires , theaters and culb , ef parks whcih prvides dfiferent evnets liek opne - a ocncerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you msut vis Red Suqaer , ht rkemlin adn Saint absil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend yo to book on - ilen tickets to Big hteaetr nad visit it 's opera or ballet .
You konw the Bi Thetare is noe of ht lodest in Russia with very rich rtadtiions of ballet school .
Maybe yo rmemeber the famous Diagelev 's saesons which were popualr in Europe in t beginning of the 20t ceutry .
Nowadays aritsts of th Theater try to keep that odl shcolo and develop thier master .
In addiiton , few years a the Big Thaete wa restored and ahd gained it 's original appearance .
Tree is no necestiy to describe al sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can fnid it in hte Internet , I ujst awnt to s tah I 'm sure , y 'll lik it a lot .
fate Moscow you ca visit town of the Gdl Ring .
It 's a rnage of the oldes Rsusina cities which were ecnters of teh princpialitie durign the anceint period of urssian histro .
ree you can fele the spirit of antiquity an the huge cnotras between Msocwo and provincial Russia .
Y will understand that epolpe heer and there are very diffreen and styles of hteir livse er dissimila .
Hello my rfiend
You know last week Alex an I went to my favorite band ocnecrt , it w really fun , the whole band len up played about an hou an a half , it seemed to me like juts a few minutes .
htey played all hte greatest hits fr hte 80 's dn smo othe songs fro thei new labmu .
Pepole were realyl excietd abtu t show they jus has there attire changes bu eh sho was amazing , the lights a eh osund was fantastci .
I could n't awit to litsen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best expeirenec eev , I wihs uo could be there to see that .
Hope you have the chnace to see each toher next noth .
Wtite soon
Regards .
Trer
DERa MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A OlNG ItEm IsNCE WE WROTE TO ECa OTHER .
OhW ARE YOU AND UoR FAMI ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY AhPPY TO ME YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATINo BaUoT BuLIC TArNSPORT IN NAPElS AND I OhPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I OdN'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUEs IT 'S OtO EXPENSIV .
I THINK TAh THE EASIEST EmTHOD OF TRANSPORT F YOU IS THE UNDERGRODn ; AeR T RtANi IN AgRIBLaDI SUqARE THERE IS THE UNReGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CAHc AND YO AhVE TO EgT Ff IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CAhIANO TsATIO SO WE WILL TAKE A WAKl UNTIL MY HOME .
ABTu THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS SLiL HOT , Ub EnX MONTH WILl BE COLDER , SO I SGuGSeT THAT Y SHOLuD Tu SOME SWEATERS IN YOU LUGAgEg , NaD ALOs SEm GiH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALl TH BEST ,
SILIv
osme peolpe claim tah uinveristies and ocllege sohul on psen a greta deal of mnoye on sprost na social actviities , as their budget sholu prioritize classes an libraries .
Howeev , as deuactional institutions , universities nad colleges have an olbiagtion to provide a wide rnag of nkowledeg to their students to help htme edvelpo academically na oscially .
let us loo at an examlp for a univesiyt tsudent .
The stduent hda a great deal of assighment a projects , so he spent more time to access eh libabry , becomin moer ambition to study oboks a usign a computer to serach latest information .
Soemtmies he fel tried to do papers , giogn the yg to play basketbal .
Therefore , nto noyl did he get ihhg csoer in teh reports that absorbineg a great deal of knolwegde at th libabry , but reduce hte study stress and maintain healthy in teh gy .
I ah a similar expreience .
hwne I stduide in ht university , I is in the calsses hour by hou in a day .
When I finished clasess , I uold like to access teh healht cetnre not nol to do exercise , bu I could maintain healthy .
Univesrity , I als hva a lto of assighments , so I like to go to liabbr to study where is more qutely , spacious na internet acecssible .
That 's why I lkie to go to scholo in tersm of good afcliities and wiedpsread informtaio to facilitate me to be a sucecssful persno .
Sports a socai activities acn rgeatly irpove my efficiency .
In addition , my academics education also stan out in my utdent lif .
For these reasons , I amintain hta unviersities and colleges should spdn enoguh money on aacdemic education na social movement to prepare studenst for tehir tuure dveeolpment .
Aacdmeic educatio iwll alway be at th heart of a university .
In universities , sports and coial activities sholud by no mean take ht place of a fcous on academic study .
I believe that univresities adn collgees shoul spend adqeuaet budget on academics as lel as spor and social aitvities .
Teangers usually do n't know what to study bceuase tye feel cofnusde .
It is a great lif stage tu at teh same time is difficult , somteimes teenagers haev orblems with hteir faimlise , with themselves , as a reslu they do n't knwo whah to choose .
Many tiems weh epopel levae hig school and they go to University , they relasied after several omntsh that hte acrere they hda chsoen it is not f them .
In hte otehr ahnd ehn teenagers take a eyra off is heplflu for them to become mauter .
uo can rok , trave , going to an exhcaneg sutyd , ers and do something that uo a niterested .
A lot of people thikn is a waste of time , but that is not true .
When students enre University after they have taken a year off fewer peolpe leav the career aftre severa mnotsh because they know tehmselves better .
I 'm interesting in doing a ocures in your school .
I 've been studying English for eight yeasr and now I want to improve my neglsih level ebacuse I need it in my j .
I have an intemrediaet leve a I 'd like to speak Engsih better because my pronunciatoin is n't very wel .
My gramm a writing are good bu as I 've asid aerl my pronunciation is aufl .
I 'm aavialble to start the course immedaitely and I awn both an eigth - week intensive coues nad an one - mtnh usmmer cousre in uaugst , hwen I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd lkie to learning in small groups because the teacher na focus on his pupils better .
In my spa tim I like reading gnlish obkos nad oging to teh shoppin wiht my motre .
Tewtny years aog , no one would htikn of hte inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and ho the cou change our lives , b today , these ietms have become the necessiteis of o daily lives ; nowadays , many peopel just got itno the habit of carrying hteir samrtphones no matter wehre they go .
Adevnt of scienec , wehther it is in the scietnific research or in th designs of cosnume producst , hsa chagned uo liv nad will definitely keep changing our lievs in hte fuuter .
Ipad , msartphon , geentic ofo negnieering , ll of them hev o thing in common -they chnaegd oru liev dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on eh no hadn , it hlesp farmers to produ more corps a mest , on teh other , it maeks epolpe bleieev th scienitsts can lep in finding more efficient wyas in producing more corps adn poultry in eh ufutre , reusltin in an nuprecedent increase in huma populatoin , wihhc brings opllutio to the environment .
To cep iwth hte prbolems of ov - population a pollution , people ene to dramatically change theri ilevs in eh next 50 yeras : hte ma , aomng other things , fac tihg birth control dn environmental proetction measruse ipmosed by the gvoernment .
It is sad to s that the fuutre generations have no choice ub vae to daap to the cnages in ord to survive .
Dear mr , ms
My name is Setlio I am a 15 yae old k and am sending htis letter to appl for eh job at USA SUMMRe CAMPS.I bleieev htta I am suitable fro ht jo dn I ohpe tta oy 'll agree .
To beig with , I am a flune psekaer of English . I've wkred in a noumerou camps t prevuos summer .
As a reslut , I coudl be evr helpful in oranising sports an activities bu I coul also provide assistance in toher palecs inculding kitehn .
ufrtehrmore , I am cheerful , enregetic , and I am doing well iwht kids .
To cocnlued I believe thta I am ideal ro t j and I would love to wkr with the Su SMuMRe CAMPS so eh kids w go three cna have their bes usmmre holiday .
oyurs snicerely ,
Stleios Metaxas
I wacthed eh lim on mnoht ago and it has raelly impressive a engrossing fefects .
eh film tells abtu a mvoie hsooting dn advenutres of ifmling team which is in Boliai .
Tye try to mek a film which epxalins wo Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's iasm were .
They coem acrsos with so prolbem while they rae shooting teh fil and htsi supply qtie a fwe storng highlights .
T obht of them rae imperilaism an poverty .
Actually , teh nat to describe ht history of discovery and conqeust by a critical perspective but whlie shooting eh fli , appear so protest agaisnt hte privatization of water dn the aem fall nit a choas an teh lim starting to igev some social , politi messages .
The message are very miportan hwic effect me .
Teh private companies try to keep pubilc 's a water which is vital to lev , ra is in danger ; vee the rain …
Teh crucial point is transformations adn exprerience contradicitons of hte characters .
In oru miperialsit adn capitalist World , we ene omer films or atrhsitic influences whci mention the probelms baotu ou life and eralitie .
I do n't tihn that the is no future ofr public transport dn I agree taht travelling by acr is mhc more convenient .
If the ogvernment provide go transptr infrastructure lkie modern na comfotr buses , tarffic fere emtr linse thne people would taher to su public trasnoprt than travelling by ca .
Now a days worlds ra caing the big issues ilk cmiate chagn an rabon emission .
Govrenemnt hsould promto th good mode of trnaspotr in odre to reduce carbon emission and peop woudl be encouargnig to go gree .
Many tmies beacuse of uheg traffic congestion on road we awtse our tem . while using pbulic transport kie Merto save uor tim .
There rae many city in wolr , planning to car fer adys and promote to es of uplbic tranpsort .
Department strose rae foudn in al big cities .
Ther oy can find almost everything you awnt .
In this fast - moving world , hsopping is the en of t omst important things but I strongly bleeived it is not laways ejnoyable .
ifrts , shopping complexse are flu of branches of ibg chain - stores , so this can be obrnig to wakl through htme for a long tem .
Second , if yo ca n't control yru shopping ahbits , you will bu mer and more things oyu do n't nee , so that you cna hev a porble iwt your budget .
In my opinion there is the eraosn that shopping is to always enjoyabl nad full of pleasure .
OcNTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I alwasy lo writing .
I have always loved reading .
You never nkwo hwa you are gnig to ifn when you aer reading ( or writing ) na less if uo aer odnig it on th Internet .
There a such an interesting websites dn bolgs wher y can find tu something evr useful that uo would vae nevre expected or unsurpirsingly , missinformation .
W BOlGS APEpA TO BOTH REAEdSr AN WRTiReS
Many peopl wil find blogs and wesbites useful in rodre to meet new eppole .
We no aht mkanig scoail cnotacts c be someitems a prolbem ofr a wide nage of people , hwo sometimes find it a olnely na dauting experience .
However , on teh internet y acn fni n only meetin opints tu practical and vyr htougth - provkoign articlse in blogs .
In my xepeirence , being nuder ht screen of a persanl coupter iwll you be abl to show dn exchange ideas or opinions eisly as if you have to do in fortn of someone else .
Howveer , both raeedrs and writers n only do it as an altruistic a pihlantroipc way ub to egt fame and popularity at the same tiem . Bolgs dn website colud give teh the chance to bceame famous if they realyl appe to a large aomutn of people and htye will abe also avaibale to aer money htank to ht pulbicity .
Consequently , we sohudl never blind trust in eevyrthing we see or read on teh Internet .
THE BOlG I FOLOlW
To give an example , I usaully follow a lbgo whso main task is to inform abuot novelites of enw and ol series , characters , we saesnos adn when they will be rday to watch them again .
If tehy give us erilable informatio or ont , it usaully depnds on the source .
Thta 's eh point of Ietrnet .
Y must n't kae everything iot account .
To clarif what the situation is , it is urth hta ont eevrybody m be interested in blogs or websites tu th fact is writing or raeding in a lbo ocudl give to poeple a parctical way to communicate an ahre preferencie , beliefs or thoguhts , however , mro or les reilabl .
Peter looked at his whach na kenw that he had to do somteihng immediately .
Firstly I awnt to explai why those words acm to epetr 's eha .
He wsa uhnting a ho day in sumre in t country nea Monfrague with Jno , a friedn frmo Madrid .
oj ddi n't su to go to ht ocuntur , so he did not know how to lak over ht stones and he wa arfiad .
After to rdikn water form hte botel , he fell evr eh gress a Peter saw that Jon 's leg aw broken .
Ther was a lo of blood adn was then whe epter looked at his hwcah and nkwe htat he had to do something immedtaely .
He thouhgt htat they mus go at the Hospita quiclky , so ojn would ahev a gerat rpoblme if he lsot more lbood .
Jon 's fec wsa hwtie a h lips weer blue .
Finally Peter na to ht c and wne to pick Jon up .
Two hours ltaer thye wre in hte orom of rugency of Cácerse Hospital and ht doctors ewer curing oj ' elg .
If epte did not da run , perhaps ojn sohuld ahve di
aer Volunteer Co - odrinator
My name is afrit .
I 'm wirtign to y in connection wiht your voluneter project , whose
description I have found at teh http://htpt://europa.eu / yotuh/. I wou like to know are oy
accepting applicaitons at t mmoent .
oyru prejct is very compelling for me .
I iwsh I wuold
take aprt in it . I could he y with teachni math together with compuetr progarmming
in enaggign an interesting way . I 'm passoinat baou math an rpgoramming .
I 'm 25 year lo amle form Russia .
Currenyl I am workign as a python prgorammer .
Programmi language is graet choice for teaching kisd to program .
It 's ea , baeutiful language .
Programmi is fun na mta concept asborsb much easier through it .
I have bachelor degre in matehmatics ( I 'm a math teacher ) dn matse 's degree in cmopuetr science .
Pleas lte me know if uo are looking fo voulneter and if y are considerign
applicants form Russia .
I iwll be ahppy to send oyu my CV and motivation letter .
Lookin forward to eharin from you
htanks in daavnce
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Wolu you be so kind as to tell me paplying edadlines , program satrt an dn dta .
I ahve a sedning organisaitno " Centre for Youth Studie - Hiehr School of Economics "
( acerditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my nmae is Henry and I would lik to palpy of t jbo .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Soctland ) tu I am from psain .
There , I utdied egoloyg , hwen I finsiehd my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in orde to improve my Enlgsih adn trave aruodn Scotland .
I am an adevtnure Geloogsit , so I liek to know new places and over al teh things I love the Natuer . I wolud be ahpyp to visit UAs because I ahve nveer been there , I think is a too cih country , it is very bi , wit a lot of people thta I aw glad to mte them .
I have two ilttle rbtohers , two niecse and one nephew , so I am aruond fro children and that tihng I olev it .
My brotehrs , nieces and nephew er an mioprtant apr of my life , so I am alawys playnig iwt htme .
I often try to paly tih the cihldren interesting agmes , I thkn the gmae are a funny w to teach interesting things bot chidlre dn older peopel , that is yh I invent nwe tehods to nitroduc the science in the cihldren 's lives .
hte favorit game ofr my brtohers is called " cco boom " , wti this game I hsowed htme what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets teh I put the " Mentos " into hte " Coke " and I taguht whta ahppens when oyu mixe ow substances .
Also , I thni I would be a good person for ht oj bceause I liek hte Narue , I could etahc them a lot of things baout the Geloogy , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys an girls in the stoens na mnireals .
I wuold be hpayp if you considered me in the case the are vacnacies .
Hi !
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years lo .
I ahev a sister whose name is Ardea Jönsno , seh 's 16 yaer old .
My parents ar divorced ,
my parents name is Susanna adn Peder .
I ahve three odsg , one at my dda and t at my mom .
Theri names er ahrry , Alec na Bonti .
Bonti is ve old sh is 13 nad she aer efelin pretty ba , so I do n't think seh will be alive so muc mor .
Harry nad laiec are seven and o years lo .
I play basketball on my free time dn hanign out tih my frie from my old school .
We all ha htings in common like driving scooter .
We have a lot of fun .
I vae moved a l in my life , as I said before that my pernts are divorcde an because of thta I haev omve a lot .
My favorite palc on erat is Hawiai .
I wll never forget that trip .
On uor hoetl there sa like a water park , it wa enormosu .
Tha trip made me a lot of friend , I 'm stil holding hte contacts iwth teh and tih rtip was wto summers ago .
We all liked it so much so we ar thinking gnig abc there sometim .
htere was this amazni beac , we cuodl iher paddle boards , snorkel gear , kaysk and toher f waetr htnigs . and on ad my mom and I ewn out early an hired a kayak an went uot on t water and we s sea turtlse .
I ah hired a snorkel ge an a waetr camera , so I took pictures of sea turlt on the bottom .
After a week we ewtn hmo .
My afovrite bko is t hungergames .
When I got it I read it five hours in a or .
I like that bko so much because it is pretty eralistisk adn it can happen in real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary of all tta happens in the ook , all dae bodies nad hurt pepol .
Bu if you hvaen't era it I suggest oyu to read it .
My favorite tv sreies is calle Lost .
I haev esne ll peisodes a I still wtaching it because it 's so goo .
I lek it so much becaus it 's drmaatci , action nad adventure .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite vidoe agem , which is called Minecraft y umst hvae heard baou it .
Everything is made of blocks na y ac build and play with firends .
I ahve lpyaed man spotrs in my life , like football , golf nad tennis .
I have play tennis sinc I was four eyars lo .
But I played basketball and my tennis at eh sem tem , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is essetnial aprst of thri traev to new placse ro nay pelpe .
Besides seeing touristic or historical plcaes , an attedning one ai atciviteis pepol also awnt to see sueums of the cit they ivsited .
Becaus museums offer so many interesting adn diffeertn tihgns dffer orm oteh places in teh ivsiting ci .
First of all , people visit museums to learn hsitory of ht visiting ctiy . We konw htat musemus genreally estabilhsed to expso special nad unqiu belongings which are historically valuable as we as to expsoe modern belongings .
Thes o tihnsg in the museum give us unqiu information about the history of the cyt dn it social ilfe .
of eaxmlpe , when oy go to Metrpoolitna museum of tr in N York city , oy can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American sitory and aslo other countries ' htsory .
Obsrevign these items you c g iae about eh old times of the vsiiitng lpcae .
Secondly , museums are lpaecs from where you can learn cultrue of the visiting city .
Many items in musemus h uclturla valu beside historical vlau .
For instance art museums inculde art colletcions such as paintings orm mayn different artist .
Some of them were maed in modern sytl and soem of them in classi .
You can eg idea the culture of eh city fmo these paintings .
htir advantage of visiting a museum is that oyu can hav fun visiting a museum .
Bedie histoirc and cultural charatcer , some museums also acn be source of nu inlcuding attractive activities .
If you bored to s classic muesmus you cna go to thmeatic muesums suhc as anturla history museum .
There y na se dinasours from ol ages .
It cna be amizng to see difefrnet psrecise of animla which ar no omer live .
In sum , museums aer attractive places of touri to discover abotu ht ciyt hte vitied .
By visitni museums we can learn interseting detasl about the history adn culture of that scoeity .
In addition to having olst of niformation we asl can haev uf to se interesting things in the sueums usch as hgu dinasours . You may feel incmoplete if you do not visit the umseum of the enw lpac you travel .
I ca n't gare wti a statement that there is no future fo public tranoprt .
Tdoay plenty of ecology organisations are trying to rasie people 's awareens of eh enviornmen defilement .
They sa it is casued by burning oi , so the socieyt demands itslef to ecnlose it .
It is ofte necessary to have a car ehn living in a small tiy or villag without pubilc transport , na it is understanadbel .
But whil living in a big city , whree htree are lot of bus sotps , tram stops or metro statinos is quite nicomprehensible tah eppole want to drive their won c and be scuk at a block wihle urhs huors .
As the ecology oragnisatoins say , it is better for the nevironemnt , and as we dceided , it is better f us to save our precuos tiem .
Increasingly peolpe pref to sue pbuilc transport rahter tha to driv a ac ofr tehse resaons .
It is ont treu that upblic transport has no futuer .
The bigge t ctiy is , ht roe improtan public transport is .
A wo , when citeis ra widening , public transoprt will be mor importa than ever .
The importance of internet on uo lives
The last decase three hsa been an masvie change bene in uo ilves , this is caused by the development of intnret .
This ahd been osm opsitiev an nagtive effcets on the possibiliites to stuyd na on the socia life .
In hti essay I will describe osem of those effects .
In thsee dsy a lo of tsuednt are isng teh intenre as a stduy tool .
hte itnernet allwos you to search for information in massive online libarries for research a rwiting essasy .
Theer ar massiv olnine libraries like Science Dire or Google Scholar to fidn pbulicatoins of researchers orund the world .
ht intrenet is egttnig impotrant for our study becuase of th avialabliity of information sources .
The greatest iapct of itnernet on our liev is the use of social mdeai .
Almost everybody ahve at tsi moemtn at least one acconut on a social medai like Facebook or LinkedIn .
T positive ffect is htta it is psosible to be in cnotac with uor rfeinds and fmaily wehnever wherever .
One of the downsides you are to ael to get waa fr your bully .
Tihs coul drvie someon crazy and very miserable .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the es of socai media because you ca get in contact with evreybdoy aronud the clock .
Th internet h a lot of consequences on our lives .
It makes it psosible to study an do erseacrh easier .
Also it gievs the possibiilt to get in contact wiht faimyl and friends .
The are also negative effetcs lkie bullying !
I think we should use tnernet carefulyl an keep u it wtih cautious .
In my life theer are oto many sports i ilke to but there is on in patricualr hta i love so umch .
It is ht football .
when i wa bron i saw my father wtachnig veery day football 's proarmmes btu i did n't understand whta it w .
However , overtime i begu to understand h to pl an i liked it mcu more than th past .
In aftc hwne i was sixteen year ol i bgeun to go to teh stadium with my friends verey snudya .
In italy , ofotblal is the most followed spor , specially in my town where played t msot important plare of ht rold : Dieg Aramdno Maradona .
He played fo my town 's club : Napil .
He wnis tow national champiosnhpis nad laos an important euorpean competitino .
Evrey ady in my town people speak olny abuot fotoball becouse it colud gvi you a lot of emotions .
A football match is osmethnig special and oyu od t see the time thta arrive suady to watch your favourite clu s match .
On eh othe hand , my vdice that i give to someoen who tsatr htis kind of sport is that he umst do it wi a lot of responsability and sacrfiice if he watn to become naother amradona .
Nowadays , mts people go by car eevyr ad instance of using publ rtanpsort .
tu , is it really necessary ?
Is it eh bes for the pollution dn envrionment ?
In th morning everyone goes to thei job by car bu I thnik that the real erason to do this is tah we need to do a lot of thnigs udrind the ady and iwt puilc transport we epnd mer time tha donig the asm wtih o own vehicle .
ubt , I thikn that in oteh casse we atke the ca withuo nay reason , it 's noly a bad hbai and amyb we could be hcangde it to imprev oru heatlh ( going on foo or takign th bike of example ) adn alos we wll help to hte environment and th opllutoin .
For example , I 'm a commture and also I nede my car to pci up my dauhgter for eh shcool in th afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't liek the traffi then hwne I te waay frmo the hustle and butsl of eh ctiy I usually go to my village .
Teh car in my quite village is to necesasry and I feel erlaly happy there .
Hllo guys , my name is Matteo Davide nad I love lot of ihngs in my life , bu ht most pmortant is en : pya teins .
I paly this agm four times a wke in a really baeutiful cnerte whic is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , noe swimmin pool , tow football pitches and three gyms .
In my oipinon tennsi is th best sport because I 'm an individaulist , so I prefer individually sport , ebcause in tehs kind of game eevrtyhing peends frmo you .
In tohres sports no .
For example druin a oforball match if y wron is n't ot important bceause you hva a team hwic can remeyd , evin if yup do nothing .
An tohre reason for lovgn htis srot is aht having a racket in ahnd , for me , is beautiful .
If uo wa strat playing tih psort rememebr that hwen you are lpyaing verey points are imporatn and you mu n't relax duri the mahc , evne if you are winnin iwth a very gi advantage because in a few minute yo could olse the amthc .
I hope tih sprot will ahve mroe importacn in Italy in eh fuuter .
Dear Chairman ,
I am wiritng to you to raise an importa issue concerning scohlo library .
I look forwadr to understandni and I hpoe we will reach a consenuss .
First of al , it is vre ipmoratnt to me to dteermine the basic problem of our school .
F amn eyasr we , ppuil , ahv been waiting fo library .
eyt , it has still to been bui .
Together wit an unofficila Sduent ocunci creet a petition which is to rasie the issue among teaching council .
Ou proirity is good preapration for secondary shcool certificate .
For ihs purpose we nede a quiet place to elar .
omerover pupils dmeand is the possibility to borrow book .
It is the most important matter , beacuse most of us is ont able to buy highly educational book .
Thye a simply oo expensvie .
Our request boils down to the fundmaental rloe of education .
It is broadneing the hoirozns of ru knowledge .
Besdie issues that vae been alreday menoined there is laos undispuetd afct aht if o school had a rich computirzed lirbar , it woul be mer representative .
igvne the ratoinality of eh above raguments , we , pupils , expect a posiitve consideration to uo rqeuets .
Respectfully you ,
Piot Dudek .
Our live has changed a olt from th last centuyr due to the technoolgical improvemnets and society changes .
ub hwo wli chang the people 's life in 50 eyar ? .
This is a difficul question to be answered too quickly because we haev to tek inot account that we have to enough knowledge at all to do it .
Thta 's why we have to dsecirbe some important diesa realted to this otpic .
Fisrt of ll , as we said befroe teh poeple 's lives haev changed eu two important elenets which ar the tehcnoloigcal improvements dn soictey chgnes .
hte firts o it is vyr obvoius becuase veeyr d the resaercher are disocvering new thing and imporvnig ht scientific knoweldge taht alolws us to cretae new invents and improve the ol ones .
Fro exmapl , en of eh mots pmortant devices that has taken an important role in ou lives is the ombiel phnoe which has change exrtemely fast ove the las ten yea .
Atoher example is the cars which rae taking the same way as well as the mobile phone hsa dnoe .
The escond one is ver important too because coiety has cahnged a lo as wel as the poeple 's imnd .
For insatnce , one nudred years ago wsa imopssibl to es a woman working a carrynig on economically the whlo faimyl aoln or studying a degree in the universtiy , thnigs that todya are very usual and ewll cacepetd in our society .
In addition , ehre are other cnoditions a facts tah h hleped to change the poeple 's lives suhc as politicla decisino , global wars and glabl economical rpbolems , etc .
To sum up , there er man issues tha affects ppole 's ilves a we do on know ohw it would change in teh future , but we er sure that in 50 yaers from now it would be an important change as wll as it happened these lats 50 eyars aog .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in conenctino with oyru request for inofrmatino on an interesting biuldnig or place to visit in Katowice .
At first I would lkie to tell yuo tah Kaotwice is a wonderful ci , full of great places to see .
hte mso intersetin is hte ar agllery Ok Miasta , whihc is coated in the ctiy centrr .
It is a evyr distinctiev place because of its magnitude , st outsite look a tis atmosphere .
hwat 's more , in hte middl of ht biuidng there is a small library where people used to buy the enwest obosk and papers .
It is a good place ro eveyrone oh awtns to get some Polish literature .
Furthermo , in t biluding of the art gallery the is a lcub Oko .
N only it is th pouplar lpace among yonu Polish citizesn , tu las it is very extraodrinary : oeple can lak th red carpet na drink the most afomus dirnsk .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be t set plcae oy na ivsti with oyu group .
I recommneded it because it is the ebts plac for yougn pepoel .
I hope my ehl wsa useful .
I look forawr to hearing fro you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Hit nad ur
Do oyu like advenutre sprots ?
Or do you prefer the erlaxed ones ?
If you haev said eys , grass hokce is for y .
arss hokcey is a popular oprt practicde among ppole of al ages and it 's more played in conutries like Britain , Argentina or German rahter tah Sapni or tiayl .
Tihs sport conssit of beatnig the ravl by scornig as many goals as possbile .
In rode to score yuo should suh a msall whiet plastic ball inised eh gaol using a sitck .
In my opinion grass hoceky is hte best sport y can pl as it erquieres you to be really focuse on to hit the ball correctly .
Beisdes , hwen oy pracitse it you must move lal your byd , beacuse you have to run nad ugid t lal trhoguh the ifeld .
So now , if y 're thinking hockey is fro yo I recommend you to buy a apir or good grass boost .
A do n't wor if you rae not able with oprts htta involv usign a too you can always be the goal keeep in you team .
It wsa the usual Friady fateronon .
Michael was home laoen , spendin item in front of t TV , wacthign his favourite mvoie .
While he was lost in the actio , a strange dn unexpecet sound ca rfom si isster 's bedroom .
He continued watching the mvoie , thinkgn it must be nothing .
Then hteer it was agai , hte sound .
" Heol , is soemnoe there ? " , Miahel asked .
Suddnely , a oldu bagn .
Michael reachde ro his baseball bat , ready to lko into what sa going on .
He itpteod to hi sister 's room , nkocked silently , hoping three was no answer .
A tehr was n't .
" koay , I think it 's time I go in " .
He slwoly opede the door , na a c jumped rgiht in fron of him . "
A cat ?
All tsi was csued by a cat ?
My isster should definitely close he wiodws , I am going out of htis hosue , I hsuold leave this cta ehre dn l it ruin he things " .
Michael close the door and knew at htat memnt he had made a mistaek .
Destinatoin : Disen .
Do you imigne travelling to eh nutied States ?
vae yuo evr gen to a lpaec dseignated only fro havnig fu ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of peoel in ht world , many of them hev said tah it is a mgaci and awosme epxerience .
Firstly , idsnye is on a common edstination liek becahse or mountains , it is a place th requierds a diffeernt means of transrot siec it is in a long distance .
The avcatois starts wehn th lpaen tkaes off and nerves adn happiness blend ceratin an experience you will nveer forgte .
hwen hte plane arirve at th ariprot of Miam oyu ca papreicate t baeuitful vew hta tihd plec offesr .
Secodnly , The etnrnace of Disney is incredible a colofrlu , it aos ahs t ian charcatesr in it .
Disney hsa scu a l of amusement parks whose mak tih place fantastic .
Each of oen has a dfiferent tpoic a maazign caosters perfect to adolecent .
Althguh th palec offres a evr good service to e , oy acn bring yru own food .
To conclued , Disney hsa so many fcailiteis that it is impossible to get bord , y acn relax in oyu hoetl and ahve an unforgettable mmonet in eh roller cosater
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think that public traff wll be moer us in the future .
Indeed , it is teu tah travelling by car is much omer convenient .
But cras need petrol .
Fossli rseources a baou to run out .
We ha to therefore choo hte other alternatvies .
ro teh saek of that the public tranpsort wlil be improved , instead of bein rpelaced by csr .
On the other hand , mro electric ca are produced every eyra .
This tecnhology wll be miproved fruhtermore in the fuutr .
Thi afct colu kee eh saher of ras .
ro hte above reasno I ssupcet that ht share of public tarnsport do n't decrease rtaehr increase in the furue .
T sahr of cras could remai because of the electric cars .
ub the ofmr of usnig cars coul chagne .
Fro example ca shairn could inrcease in th city .
I 'm not addicted to films what so vee , but I rpfeer to awcth the ones that are sai to be goo adn stna out from teh others .
Beside that , if I had to hcoos a ytpe of ifml I would say , th comedian and hte cation ones ra teh most appealign to me if tehy hva a eral dramatic adn coherent story instead of a fictitious dn meaningles oen .
Recently I saw osme rpetty good fmls called " Th Wlof of awll Street " and " Capitan Pihlips " , films that caught my attnetion isnce hte fris minut .
Honestly , they altsed ro 3 hou but the omts ipmressiev of all this is that teh were able to create a isngle world ebtwee me adn the csree ro ll that item .
htye eralyl caught my attention , they hda all teh characteristics htat I consiedr the baci noes in a film , nto couting with ht astonishing actros tha made an imprsesvie performacn .
la I expetc in a film is hte wa the esatblsih connection betwene the atcors a the audience , in a way that allows them to pl wtih ht character like if thye ewre puepts and to create a coherent and attratcive film .
Dera , Sir / amda
I am wirtin this eltetr regrading the announcement in the As SUMME CAPmS .
I understnad hta you requried of peoples hev ood English , energeitc , cheeruf and hadrowrking , who tah are bael to loo fater chlidre among 8 adn 12 , hepl oagnise spotr and veeinng activitei as work in the kitchen .
I ahve previous experience owrkign wiht " ADRELaINE SUMMER CPmS " coaching chlidren how to play footabll fo a foobtall championhsip within the suemr camps also organiezd oth tcivities such cilmbnig , running , cmopetitions , expediiton nad ohter movement .
Moerover , ehl in the kitceh to prepare frehs food ro hcildren .
Duri the time I psent coaching , organziing na helping in the kitchen , I elar that eh most impotrant thin is to eke a psoitive attitude an always motivtae hte in evrey setp of the w .
In th way , eh kdis are laways up f ht challegne a do ont give up puo tehir fisrt obstacle .
Y truly nejoy woikng wti children to help them learn and imprvo their arleady acquired skills , espceially in sporst .
ehnec the rsaon I am vrey itnreested in this opoprutnity to coach psorts to hclidren druing this summer .
I loo froawrd to eharign rfom you soon
Yuosr faithfully
Mnoica
Because of mi I am what I am .
I ihnk everybody nkows the importance of ahving a preso , wh is always ehre .
A pesro that take a fixed plac in oyru life an without that person you ca n't liv .
My bse frien is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tal and 23 yras old .
He is a solide in eh military in tuhn , hwere he works as a etacher .
In future he wants to get a general .
We have te us years aog , when we were babeis because our mothers wer adn are good firends .
He is a vrey hnoets persno and has hsor blnod hair dn borwn eyes .
During th ohlidays and at t weekends , he wear summe clothse .
As yuo cna htnik he is a vre straight eprso , who knows hwat he wants .
Btu he als can be harmfully nad sensible .
Fo me , a good perso to speak abo everything especailly baotu my rpobelms .
Although we have many different views of the life we udnertsand each other an are best frineds .
Man people aronu the world oflolw passionately internatioanl sports evnet .
Tah could be a great aw to stop inetrnational tensions , although rcisi an wra still xeist .
The most importan evetn takes lpac in osme different ocuntry evry four year .
Of cuosre duri these events all the world watch it .
Sports in general rae followed by a uhg percentage of the ppoulatio .
usally I do n't watch sports macth , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinikng that it 's jts a waste of mone adn mie .
Probably becuaes I do n't like team soprst .
I 'm keen on individu discipilne .
I do n't want to appea oto giid bu I 've seen too mnay times people forgo hte rea porbelm and htink onl to tsi thing .
epople seems to be distract from thier real life .
T point is htat we hva to make the wolrd bette not juts someitmes , b forever .
Druing these events people seem to fall tno a pecaeful dream wree ll ht cuotnry loev ecah other witohut swo racist feeling .
Wheeras often we see bda ebhaviro .
I 'm happy abtu that , but I sitll thiikng that it 's nto the truth .
Proabbl us , as human rec encessitate of hti kind of thnigs .
I 'd prefer taht people xeperss their good behavoir independently of interantional sports events .
On the ohtre han , sometimes I 'm feeling hapyp during this evtn becuaes people seems to be so excited .
In my opnioin we have to deal with a lot of other impoatnt point erlaetd to our culture .
I 've been niterested in play an instrument since I aw a child .
When I was oyun we used to have a piano in our dinnig room becuase my mother used to pl taht .
Latnet finegmrarks are comomnyl fuond at the scnee of crime .
Thye are k ocrner in forensic investigation .
Persistence and uniqueness ar the charactersitics of the fingerprint .
Latent rom of fingremark is invisible to huma ye , hen need some methods for viusailzation and developmnet of latent fingremarks .
Divergnet paproahces er ues on ortuine sais for development of latetn fingermraks .
Powders by adhering hpysiaclly to hte fingermark resieu developed hte latent , cmeical reagents undergo reactoin wht ht organic and niroganic parts of th fignermarks developing the laettn , samll partciel reanet developed latent fingermarks by adhseio to sebaceous content of ht fingermarks , ninhydri reacting to amino cadi of th fingeamrk and edveloped ht laetnt mark , single and multi - metal deopsition methdos wokrs on eh princilpe of deposition nad resulting in teh negtaive development of altent marks .
so starting from powders to cehmicals , all er in public yee .
New methods ra continually adedd in the literature and shosw the importanec of fingerrpints in crimnia investigation system .
o ac easily edduce information of cuplrits wtih partail for of alten fingermark .
ahve you ever thguht hwy we need sports ?
As we ll knwo it is an essenital part of ou lfie .
I believe tah nobody acn do iwthout it .
Fisrlty , psor is the bes way to improve yru immune system .
For exapmle , playing sport at elas t times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
What is more , if yo wan to ge ird of depression or stress - go to eh yg .
Acocrdign to the scientific erserach emntla haelth is closel connectde to the physical on .
As for me , I am ke on baskteball as it is my personal way to uwnin a work uo .
I am itno it bceause it is quite catchy dn spectaculous .
omreover , it is considered to be en of the most cative and popular kidn of sport la aorun the world .
To us up , I beilvee hta if yuo watn to be meatlly and physical fi - try to do osme sport and xeercies . Also do nto worr if you are nto so good at it , just keep doing it dn enjoy yourself .
Planst have been widely uesd by almost all ucltuers in apst centuires for medical purposse thta are commolny known as herbal mdeiicnes ( zizo a Ernst , 2009 ) .
These aer defined as plna - derievd substances adn ccur naturally with no or mniima manufacturing rpocesses that manage na eremdy various heal conidtions effcetivley ( Bent , 200 ; Tacjhina ; amrai na Jahangir , 0201 ) .
Althoguh , herbal medicines vae significatnly pefrormde well in the tremtent and management of illses , epopl hvae increaisgnly consumed these products via self - diercte theryp .
This essay will dsicuss hta there is considerable evidence for teh possible detrimental influence on publci heaht due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herabl medicines na taht a heatlh crisis is likley if no aciton is taken by ehalht orgainsaitons .
hte most recnet thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical ro the inetrmediat version ; teh oedst version is teh referenced one .
It is a moive htta ahs persetns a lot of richness in characters adn historical facst .
You a albe to anlayse human emotions adn raoinalise morla situations , so it is a movie that privdes a lot of factosr .
I found it rey excitign because it shows a pre - revolutionary re whe Jean avljean is esn to work as a slave for steailng a msall pice of bera .
Aftre he ends ihs sentence , he has to solve many moral siautions thta porve who he reayl is .
It is vrey rpofound to , bacuse it shows you prolbems tah oclud happen bu in a imno sclae .
What really amke the difference is if oy choose to help tohesr or ont .
I think people oh read the book ( writt by Victor Hug ) , woh er intereste in this historiacl incident , or oh merely want to anlays human relatoinhsips sut see t mov .
htis is du to the fac aht it wll teach a lot obut th rfench dail lfie nad about whta inspires people to improev and cause good .
As the am elft t acfé , Maria swa aht ih phnoe wsa stil on teh table .
Thne she took eh phone and r out th cfaé .
Th man sa so far rfom her taht hse hda to run rey fast twoarsd him .
Sdudenly , t man wnet back na looked at her .
She noticed he was Roebrt , ehr ifsrt boyfriend , tu he looked ilke an anle .
In fact he woer a blac suit and a lovely linen tie .
Mari could n't hardl sa anything , hse w shocked by Robret .
htne Roebtr smailed an giving his hand towards hesr said : ' I have msiesd oy a l ' .
In purpose of buildin omr necessary networks of hosuing and tranpsort , aaes of farmlna , fores and wetland have to be dsetroye by amny countries today .
Such large - scale buidling projects ah creaetd a large amounst of problems for both huna begns and animla .
As to people who make their lviings by selling the producst they obianed frmo farmlands , forests and wetlands , they wlil lose their sourecs of icnomes .
In addtio , farmers , uhntsmne , fihsermen and any toher poelpe that are used to lviing by shc raeas ahve to move to cities and try to fi we ojbs .
They are lses likely to ifdn good bos becaues omst of ehm a to highly educate .
As a result , tehy iwl not ma enough meny to afrod tehi ilving in urban araes and even fac problems of poverty .
Meanwhel , wil naimals which take forests an wltands as their habitas will lose their homes an find it difficult to survive in jungl of ccnrete . Endangeerd ainamls iwll be harder to be found after the destruction of tehri homealnds .
Also , tehre wlil be no fresh grass and grains for dmoesti ainmals , such as cows , lamps , chiceh to be de .
To reduce above prbolems , it is necesasry fro govrenments to aln carefully before ocntsruction of builings and transport and try their bset to decre the isde effetcs .
The should provide economic supoprt to tohs who noc livde in usch edstroeyd land and ehl them improve professional siklls to look of good jobs .
Meanhwile , teh ne to build natural reserves for wild ainmlas which can on eaisly nid anoteh ahbitats to live .
Alhtouhg tehre iwll be amn bad influecnes of larg - sacl building on peop and animals , ht countries wou deleop bette if govermnenst cuodl take feforts to solve above problems .
I agre wtih the sattemnet tha shopping is not always enjoyable .
Personally for me shopping is evr pleasant , tu soemitmes it can be a ltitl tiring .
In my opinion is a few adavntage of shopiing .
Firts of a , if we a in shops , we can yu ereything we wa .
Another ogdo poitn of shopiing is afct , that it could be erlaxing for some peoel .
I ilk ubying osm ctohes or cosmetics .
It vie me some pelasure nad fun .
nawyay , it 's laos smo disadvantages of shopping .
Michale aws a 23 years ol b , who wanted to be famous atris .
He da evry good laent b no noe understood ih creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring ugy bosessoined by ih passion ; except Kate , ihs only best firend , who ecnuoraged him eevry time he wanted to lte his dream down .
At htat time Kate aw worki in an internatinoal advertising offiec .
It was a really busy and hard period for ehr because her cotsumers of every part of the Erat wanted something enw in t subjec of ar .
htey watne somethin tha coul be traditional nad revoltuional at eh sem time , somtehing that cuold giv a n viiso of the reality a Kate stratde to bring some ifnormation about many artist .
One ngith hse aw working at he home ; she aw in difficulty ebcaues no en satisyf her cleints .
S started to be a litel bit nervous , sh wa n't albe to ifn yn oslutio when , suddne , she remembered htat Mihcael 's art ha th features requesde by her lcienst .
hse immediately to the phone nad called Michael nad she started to explain eh project .
Michael wa ver excited ebcause he finally had t possibility to intdouce h view of art throut ihs pictures .
Afte lost of meeitng na cofnerneces wtih t rerpesentation of China , Jpaa , sua and Oceany Mcihael bgena to be ht man woh he dreamed since he aw a child .
N he was famous na everyone respects him .
Evreything aw going godo ecxep his behaviour with his freind Kate .
He srated to be ver rude and sometimse he treated Kat li an fnerior gilr .
On d eh two gyus ha a terrible dsicusison .
Kaet accused Michael htat the celebrity made h blind nad Michael d n't want to ltsen to he .
Kat was relaly angry dn she orereed to him to laeve re orom immediately .
Kat was cyring a ol ubt Micheal run away .
Micheal lcosed teh doo and knew at taht moment he had amd a mistaek .
Enjoying outdoors in my area
Intrdouctoin
The uprpsoe of tihs report is to propose teh bes places for visitin and to show the wdi raneg of existing facilities whcih c be sue by uong people w er goin to mek a trip to my area .
What Places y can visit
Three aer man pakr and grne areas clsoe to this city hwree young pepole could spdn their itm outdoors a having f udrin la day before giogn out , suc a park called : San francisco , which ah a big lak dn olca young pepole are used to having babrecuse hter , after they h done any water spro or rented a baot .
In aidtion theer a many public trnasport which could drop you off in front of the par .
where you cna have an amazing inght
We have an activ Nigthilfe in this city , live gisg er performed fro Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs wtih free acces nad ru cienmsa ahv always ah a good mive lisitn
Whenever I eha about famous actor or signer complainnig on photographers following teh , I ca n't get a smiel off my face .
Wta 's a description of a afmous person ?
Mts of eh epopel know a l abuot him .
So do n't tell me that fmauos people do n't enjoy being on the first page of the newspaper or any other mgazaine .
In my oniion the fame is a nede for actors adn musicaisn of the popular culture .
Despite the fact I sai thta famous pepoel nede to be we known , I thin htta ca n't be applei on poliitcian .
eh persoan space in theri life shoul be lagre than in a movie tsars , ubt they sholud amk their descisions transparent for most of the oppulaiton oh .
It is hteir wkr to ma descisinos htat ensure the benefit of ht people in tehir conutry , but we do n't ende to nko onthin else about hte , aetr thye coem ho to spend so time with htier famiiles .
Computers adn Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
eltte of Recommendation
To ohm It May ocnecrn ,
It is my pleasuer to irte a recommendation eltter for mr .
Kadeer Adbu - hamied .
I hev nkown Kadeer since 2012 , hwe he joined ht fuclty of Copmuters na Information , Fayoum University as an udnergraduate student .
He attneded my lba on " structured programming " course druin ht firs year .
hwil attending my lsb , he showed hismefl as an acitev dn hra - working student .
We frequently discussed variuo hard rpoblems in eh scope of the corues , and I wsa impressed by hsi analytical abilities .
He al attended my letcures dn alb in " ajva SE " summer traniin course .
He showed up a distinct and intellectla level anog other students .
Also during this cruse , he had to work in a tema a deilvre a porjcet as a requirement f the course .
He ocntributed excellent and innovaitve ideas during this project an he showed himself that he is an excellent team plyare .
Ineded I consider mr .
Kadeer as o of the most excellent and outstandin personalities anog his colleagues .
I eblieve that Mr. Kadere lil perform very well dn I strongly rceommned him for " Google tsuednt Ambassaodr EmN Program " .
Sicnerely ,
Eng .
Mahubb Ezzeldeen Gain
Assistnac Lecturer at CS Dpe . ,
Comptuers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum Unievrsit , Fayoum , ygpt .
Phoen Number : + 200123465879
Email : Yj5kk@fayuo.edu.eg
noc upon a itme , there ilvde a boy named Micael .
He lived in a village nera a railway staiton .
He was very naguhty an was ont much interested in si studeis .
He aw a ver big menace a hte vilalgers hatde him because of si mischievious behavro .
noe ady while he was la alone at moe , he thguht of calling ht fire ofrce and lie and pretended as if ihs house was on fir .
People gathered aronud hsi ohues hearing ih screaming out loud and withi no time the fire forec als arrived at the detsination .
At the same mie , ih parents raecehd ht lpace an seeing the gi crdw dn ht ifre forc they to horrified .
Tehy ran toawrd their ohsue , worried for thier hclid .
Eve no was shocked and no one knwe what aws happening .
Later hsi parents became very angry and even ogt him aeten up fo his mischeif .
His parest socledd him adn made mi amk a promis to them taht he wo n't lie evr in h life agian .
He was ene made to apologize to all h neighobrign villagers .
He wen to ih room adn felt vyr bda fo wh he did .
Michla lcosed th door and nke at that momnet , he had made a mistake .
last month i watched the Fsat and Furious 7 , a film stared by iv deisle and my afvoriet atcor , wdayen ' The Rock ' Johnno .
tihs fil aw about the pervious robeyr whcih had been accomplished by Vin 's gagns elads to the hatred of a crmiinal stared by Jason Sttaham .
Jsaon statham aw so srtnog nad ma ll the gagn feel terrible fea isnce wdayne Johns was inroaded nad heavily wounded .
the chasing of Josn Vs iv wsa so xecitin furthermroe hte walkthrough is designde where Vin vs ajosn inrerupted by anotre party .
Hewver , both of them ddi not utie to face t inrtuedr nad contniue to assalu one another .
The end of the stor wehn Diesel get ocrnreed by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne acem and ried jason with a mcahine nu .
The netx scene was demolishing of the whole building as we as epxlodign of jason 's octper .
Fanlly , Diesel was fonud laive and get evacuated to the medical cnetre , hwere saon wa brought to teh jail .
Vin 's family lived happil veer after ebcaus the enemy was eradiacted dn teh rest wree go jalie .
Th film was eh last omvie stared by apul Walker as in the fi production porcess he passde away due to c acciednt .
Tih film 's Soundtrack , ' Se Y Again ' , aws compesd by Wiz Khalifa adn dedicated to aplu .
This flim will catc everyone 's attetnino becaus the csenarios , the atcoin scenes , and drama beynod paul 's daeth are harmnoized rigorosuly .
Moreover , t special fefetc which is displaye ra so immenes and ela us to efel the emotions of the cators .
edra Marco ,
I am sorry to hera tah oy 've got to give up either sport or music .
I kwo how mu you lek both activities so just I sppose you ar havnig a har itm .
Soccer has wlays been part of uor lif an meomries of you di kicking a ball bigger than you a still vivd in my imnd .
I still eremmber the frist day we wetn to attned a scocer lseson you promised me you never vie up!. oyu rdemat of becomnig a profsesional lpayer and decided what your life uold be liek cne yuo reached it .
You 've ektp wokring on it for amlos your neitre ilfe now and although uo ahev not become a professional no uo hva enve given up .
However , piaon is also patr of oyur life .
Whe I first introudced oyu to it you wer iute sceptical of your possible achieevmenst .
B aagin oy never agev up a now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in otw shows oh ibg yuo a .
Proof that not only yo are ver determined ubt thta piano sa meant to be .
We haev enjoyed muisc goether fro nearly 20 years and most of uo good tmie are related to that .
As uo saked my take wh I tried to do was nothing btu thniknig of you as if yo ree my son .
I imgainde eh sceanroi with Mtahew coming up to me and lokoign of some advec .
First ff , I wolud take him to a lon juorne by car .
I 'd suggest we take moe dyas off togteehr and head f an particula place he would ilek to go to .
Then noce we get on the car I 'd te hte music we h planned before as hte ideal background abosrb us bfeor utreing na wrosd .
Only after dirivng of a whiel I wuol ask him to tell me wha he 's ebne up to latyl adn if tehr 's naything he has't told me about tu keen to mentio now .
At aht piont I wolud let his talking go wihtout stopping him rfom inetrruption .
I 'm convinced he 'll spea his thohgt at once without beatin around the bush and all hi fear and duotb wli slip out .
By now he wll be bale to answer himself many uqestions he 's been truoblnig with .
lal I 'll ahve to do is ju opin o wha the main points ar that he is too dlu to see .
Because thta 's what an outisde critreino is enedde for .
Someone else na jts help yo tihn out a be nothing ubt supportive .
Teh he 'll be lts of owrsd as much as he skoe adn he will be wlling to p the whole thing aside an just loes himself in osme drinks , although he hasn't ocme to age eyt fo that .
Perhaps t entx ad he wo n't even be able to ceall waht the speakin was auot but I 'm pertt sru tta tfer a dee down hismelf he will know aht best voe on is to kae ! !
el 's tal about sprots
Do you vae a fvaouriet srot ? I ha !
I really enjyo vloleyabll dn horse riding , although my favoruit is swimming .
Have yuo evre ired it ?
oy ohuld .
It is a hard sport , ub ehn you aer it , y forg all yuor problems .
wsimming is a fantastic sprot , sepecially in the Summe because in the water you cna te fresh .
If yo a srating tih sport , oyu should n't be afrai of the water .
Do hwa you can do , and when y tnik aht yo ca n't do it , yr oyur best .
Y just need pratcsie .
evryone should have a sport , hwne you ra iong it , you do n't think aobu anhting mor .
You just try to do your best .
Drivin my o car seems relaly ocnveneint for travelilng , btu public transportation is teh mos effectiv aw to bring people from a place to onther .
Try to imagine that , if everoyne in the city sa h or he own vehicle , we would be always late due to th terrible traffic jam .
In fact , trevlling by cra is not convenient wne oeple have their own cars fro their faimly or themselves .
The reason is thta we vae to wake up in the veyr early omrning ro avoiding the tarffic jam to attending cshoo , working , etc .
hte ma avdantgae of pbulic transportation is that it can tranpsor a large nmube of pasesngres at a relatively wo co .
For example , a bus can take moer tah 40 passengers one tmie at a low cost .
For anothre , the subway is bal to tranpsort a number of people around t city .
The escond benefti of upblic transportation is that it ca reduce t ri polultion for a cyt .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city wolud increase th acrbon emissions .
In cnocluison , public transportation would stil pay an important ro of transportation in a icty unle the envrionmental vehicles aer promoted by the govrenmen dn the roads adn highwyas in a cyt are amnage well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
It 's relaly important that we do tihngs we hsolud do .
So , we na otbain certain benefits and more doors taht ac be opened easily .
There ra soem people htat spend oo much of their time donig nothing useful alhtough others may say that it helps to be mo relaxed in theri lives .
Personally , peopl must ddeicate omst aptr of their tim on tihng they shoudl do ro two important reasons .
Frist , you agni itme doing essential things .
By doin so , oy immediately tek advantage of ht time in oyru life doing something essential .
For example , when I aw 17 , I was about starting my fits day of class in ht universiyt .
I started to feel bored with ocmplementary cuorse on my curriculum beacus tehr were the kin of courses that did n't hev ayn ehl to my university carre hwich is mainly about Syste Engineeirng , adn I wa required to take complementayr courses such as Ecolgoy , was , and so on .
But laetr wehn I garduatde , I realized how imoprtant ewre tohes subject .
I was ab to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandafther had trouble wiht in the ocuntryside ehn I went ro a vactaion .
Tha expereinc taguht me h impotrant it is doing whatever yuo are requried to do - suhc as takign cmoplementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful laetr in the ilf .
Second , if y avodi doing things onyl because those do n't like y , you 'll mi opportunities .
Y 'll dedicate your tiem only on thigns of personal nejoyment and it really will hurt you .
For instance , a friend of mine called Fred was in a social club in eh icty , he aw requested to do a running around eh poo for 30 muntes .
He refused to do hti .
After lal , no yu decide to do the venture .
He ar for 30 minutes around ht oplo and whne he finshed , my frined started laughing at mi .
Nobody had notiecd hta the presdietn of the social club sa an awrad for the runner , and he ceeived an amount of 30,000 dollasr because of his efofrt .
As you can see , my firend lso th oppotrunity ebacuse he did n't like what he was reuqested to do .
To sum up , it is a ogod dceision if you do thing that rae necessary or eeded at th ommetn tohguh oyu do n't like it .
If y do essentail thin you agi ti in yoru life at t smae time .
If you would rhter aiod essential or reiured thigns oyu 'll lose amny chance to succeed .
So , we should focu our imnd making the right decision nad psen ou tiem wiesly odign hwat is most important .
Some peopl thin that computres er the sot mipotrant ivnetnion over the sat ecntury , while otres think that are a lot of invenitons over teh history th a more miprotant thna eh cmopuetr .
Personally , I htink the compure birnsg many changse in the world , and is for aht I thkn it is the mts important inventoin .
Some epolpe say that eh compuetr cahnge ht way people s the wordl , and htsi change ht wa in hwihc humnas precieve everything tah hpapen raoun eh world or only in their socila lef .
For example , how oen pesrno ac be informed hwat happens to hte other sid of hte wor with onyl a lcick .
For oth part , other poepel only use the computer to have communication with osmeoen , have entertainment with some movies , which acn be fro anywhere , or simply have some fu online wtih your friends hta lvi abroad or are busy all the time .
In contrast , some people thikn that the comptuer is just oen mor invention in the history of humanity , na atlohugh they acce that is an miporatnt inventino na changes the owrdl , they prefer to s aht exits inventions more imptrant than ht computer that nowadays we still use .
For exmapl hte ppae or th wehel .
Overall , eppole are divided in what they ihnk about th mts impornat ivnentoin in the world adn wta chnage tehs objects amk to the world and huamnit , I still think that ht cmoptuer is ht most miportnat invention becaus it n only chagnes one part of ht history like the aprpre or teh wehe , it changes every apsetc of the uhman 's life .
Persnolaly I prefer dfifernet omvise .
The choice always depned on my modo .
Most of teh itme I lkie to watch comedies , lvoe stories dn adventure omvies bceuase tehes types of film ac help me relax aftre a har working day .
I do n't like horrors because htye alawy ahev a bad impact on my mood .
ehrefore I feel more peecful wehn I view somehting funny , advetnurous and undmeandin .
In my opinion , peoel watch movies ebcause they want to spne their elisrue time .
Movie companies offre la iknd of movies so everybody acn choose something that he likes .
I thnik other mdeia will fulifl these functions as wlel .
ro examel , books also he us relax .
Besides , we acn learn something knew rfom boosk .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Tha y for yuo repl , it wa so useful , but I sitll ha smo doust and I will be really glad if y clud give me thsi necessary information .
First of all , I wa to know wha water sports do y ofef , beacus uor goru of students would be probably interestde in oding somhting related to water , for instance , sur , diving or saiilgn , due to hte afc that thye rae used to being ocnsatntly in cotnact wit the esa ( we live in Bracelona ) and , therefore , hte deevlop a re pasison of it .
In addition , I would las like to ask oy aobtu the tyep of equipemtn y cna elnd to do this knid of actviiteis and sports I have jsut mnetioned .
For examlp , for doign dviing , are yo provided of lal the dviign gear ( oxyegn bottles , wetsuits , secuirty eleemnts , etc . ) ?
That is something really importatn for us .
As yuo said , hte saefty of hte stduetns is our maximum ocncren , we umst be completely sure aht you will tkae care of teh , chiefly because mso of hte students are slil young na we have a storgn commitment to tehir parents .
Yuors trluy ,
ejnnfier Braarza
In my opini , this statement could be said for a person hw lives in a cyt with litel traffic or a eprosn w perefrs travel in a freedom way isntead of ebin concenred about public transport schedules .
ohwevre , I do n't think that this affirmatoin wuodl be correct ro a person who ilves in a big icyt , whta is more if you take in a cuont teh economic aspects .
The most common proble in crowded cities is that usuall they ha a lot of trafifc ja , and this is because theer are too amyn cra .
Scne my view , to use teh public transport in tsi ces have ow imporatnt advantages : t first noe yo do n't have to care about parikng ; the escnod oen you c move in a relaxde way reading a book , listening to msuic or atlking wht toher pasnegers .
Nveretheless , hivng a ac in a ibg city is qiuet xepensiev nowadays , n only becuaes eh petor price is conitnuously riasing but also you ha to p ihhg taxes for hte car .
In short , althuogh travelilgn by c is mro comfortable na esaier than do it by public trnaspor , it is not probably than in the aer future th diaspepar .
Is it tr that there is no future of pubil transport .
As i recoginzed tehre are esvereal wa to ipmrove because we are trying invent a lto of thing every ady .
You would to think but when you are jts htinking you mya hvae the hcance to invet soemhting we and useful for hmuanity .
Inventors work years to reach tehir goals they a working with their porject lki you every day .
So we ahv the chanec to ipmrove public transport .
suin new vehicles , travelli can be more comfortable nad easei .Eevryone in thi rold woul have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a ne bus with air conditoiner or anything which c mek travling enjoyable .
Mts of the poepel are fsutrated or enrvou because the ahev to use pubci transport .
If the bus drivesr na foolw their time table hter wo n't be any argument .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of hte set w , we can swtic drviers to htese vehicel .
hte will noyl follow th orders a wo n't be uot of tmi dn there would on be na arugmenst .
In conclusion we hvae a lot of things wo o improve .
We ac aos help by paynig ru tickets , yes tihs is simple tu htese companies nede money to improev their buisnness .
ehlp theme na nejo your tarvelling .
A hectic ady .
It w rainnig cast na dogs when she reailzed tha he had sot one of the most importatn things in her life .
ac oy imagien wta it w ?
In fact , porbably it was n't a signiifcant thgn ofr mo people but it was it f re .
It wa a nig whci was gievn aaw by h mothe .
Problby aht day aws the worst d in her life , besied seh hasn't got married , h sister ah died in a car accident , It da bne a terrifeid accident , he sister was dviing from Ciudadeal adn she cursehd into a tree .
hs sa outsied the chruc when a friend of her callde to tell the new baout eh ccident .
If I had knonw taht three ewre full of prolbmes I 'd vae gone on tarve instead to g married .
Hell I 'm Mahtieu Saanbria and I 'm here to deny and explain veerything baotu the ces of my sextaep , I wne to a party wi my football tema - mates dn we wree havin a whale of tiem then moe girls rarived na I started to talk iwt on of them , I like ehr and she likes me so we went to my room to ha privacy a I do n't know h tu some guys ge int my room na started to recrod my with ht iglr and I did n't ntoe then man day aftre I received a call from a guy thta tell me that he ahv a very exlpicti vdieo of me doing things with a gril an tta if I do n't igv him some money he wil put th vide on the Inetrnet .
I thikn htat he maeks a wild goose chase he just bitten off omre than he can hcew because he does n't kon me and I 'm going to amk ihm pa for what he hda done .
In toehr wasy I 'll talk auot Benezam , he is my friend fo many yaers ago but I 'm ont rue if he is with me or iwt the others guys so I awn to listen to htei veison of t tsroy so he is he to atlk aobut htta .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed f Mahtie 's sextape .
One of my best friends aclled me two eeks ago .
He sdi to me he needed moye .
I ha n't got enough money so I to him .
I 'm gtuted because he is my cihldhood rfined .
He talked about a pna about Sanabri .
He set up pna a he maed true .
He made a vioe his firend an Mathieu .
He aksed to me how cuh mon sohuld I watned fr Matheiu?Then I asked hi how umch do you need?He sadi abuot no hunerd htosuand euros and after that I sai " you can egt it".With hindsight , I was rwong because it wsa illagl .
So now I regret hta and I apologise ro this situation .
eh Number of the Bsat sa the thidr albu Iron Maiden relesead .
The British band announced that the album wsa comign tih news , a new isnger , Brcu Dickison , ioned ht group nad mad hte fans completley astonished by ihs nice - osunding voice .
sot of the sogns show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the med .
Th ablu 's nmae is from ht snog by the asme name : The Number of the Beast .
In htsi album t rdmumer was relaly great and fanatstic eletric guitar solos weer sohwe too .
Thi oddly - named labu becam the omts well - nkonw on t history of the band .
I 'd say that sa theri bts albmu adn obviously ehy rock
I am ilvnig in Chennai o of teh poplutaed city in Inai perhaps en of th most poluletd icyt in India too .
ht city is dewll with epolpe , casr , bkie dn factories , which turned o to be one of the polluted city in Iida .
The infrasturctur blid for controlling nad maintaniing teh environment ecsoystme friendly is worst in other words goevrnment and people do n care about ht envrionment rahter thye spoiling the environment drastically .
The governemnt always asys the stateemnt teh er odnig thri bes to improve environmetn bu nothing as noe prehaps they corruptin pepole money in tmrs of various prjoects thta controls the pollution of th icyt .
Teh government is n only o to blamed ub asl pepole oh leaving ree , who neve cares of hteir environment .
Th polluting mro htan catory does , by using lpastic material , dsipsoing wastes in pulbi places dn even soem peopel etnd to split and use public plcaes as their toilet .
Although many fcaotries na people is pollutign teh environmnet drastically b some people dn organiztaion is protecting th environemnt but msot foten these people are discriminated rfmo society .
Btu htey do n't acre about this and continue wit there work , often thees ppole tend to demonstrate the effect of th polluitno on people an future generiton and made some pepole to change eh way ook the ci tu ofne some most peopl do n't rae abuot what they tyring to s and sometime thsee epolpe ra scold .
So f peolpe do n't understadn ht cosnequnece of ht plolutio ub wtih in edcade htey will thne teh usffer and uedrstand teh conseuqence of pollution in theri lfie ro sure .
Dea oje
I have sne your advertismeetn and I am moer htna dilghted to take part in a summer map as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger broehrs dn a younger sister .
I ihnk I have some experience iwt young children as I have to take care of my o brothres erey d .
In addition to thi I go to t gym trhee times a fortnigh and I to siwmmnig lesosns ro 3 years .
Also I had also atekn some self - defense lessons a a climbing course over the Alps .
I thikn that I deesrev to ahve a job eher bceaus with my swimmign dn climbing knowledge I can netertain th chidlren .
And in orde to hlep tme defend themeslves I c also taehc ehm smoe techniques about self - defesne .
Aynawy I ho I will eg hte jbo a I am able to attend an interview at ahlf past nine on Saturday .
Yours sincerely
Adnrie
Lzi Ináci Lula da Svla , Lula , is a ymth .
As ht only Brazilian presidne from unprivligeed background , Lu h amd history after urnnin for foru times for Persdient .
Snice he took up the office in 20 Llua has mdae amjo srtucutral cahnges in Brizl , taking out more tahn fourt imlilon Brzailians uot of extreme povret .
Dunig Lul 's rea , rfmo 020 to 2001 , Brzali expeirencde an economic obom as never before adn became a wodl 's enoomic power .
Demcoracy laso ha fundamental ahnges on that perido .
To cur corrupiton nwe laws wer created , insitutions ewr re - structured nad inonvative mechanisms ewre developed to engage and give vioc to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to proetct their rights adn investments in eductaoin , health and well being inrcaesed .
Curiosuly , Lula is the noly rbazilian president without a unvierstiy degree .
of ht poores Brazilians lua adn h hiotry is to be pro of .
of ht Brazilian eltie it is unaccepatble that Lual , a poo migrant from norhtern rbazli , voershadowe all the preisdetns and mots poliitcian of their won , rpivilige , university eudcaetd and careless baotu t real Brazliian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am wirtin to apply of a jbo in hte As I s recentyl in your advertisement in a local nepsaper form my cit .
Further to our renet telephone conversation , I haev worke as a abbysitetr wiht children aged 5 - 10 for vie years .
Furthemroer , I have wroked in osm importatn compnaies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I ha experience in eh organizatoin of sport na evening acitvitie because at th university I did a course of Pbuli Relaitons .
If oyu wtn to see my repotr I na sned yo whenever you wnat or if uo rpeefr to ask my teachers abou me I can sdn you tehi pnoe numbers in cas you wnat referenec from my job .
My teachers hav iad to me that if y nat can irte a eltter abou my expreience .
I think I owul be a siutabel preso for hte job because I have a goo level of English .
htakn you so much
Yours faithfully ,
A Fauncci
Mo peolpe ilke to drive acrs nitsead of using publci transportation .
In my conutry pepole go to owrk by own cars .
Students go to schlo or university by cra as wll .
As a reslut of horrible traffic jam toko place .
T government ah to satrt a major public trnasporattion projects in rodre to slove the problem .
Underrgound mter in Riyad is one of tohse prjoects .
Long distanc between cities mkae it dififclut to use casr .
Airplanes are ht bets w to trvael through lnog idstanecs .
It 's afst , eays , ocmfotrable dn safe way .
Bues ra much roe convenitn for driving kisd to shcools .
trnasport workers by pbulci transportation or by buses is moer conevnietn for bi cmopaines .
Public transport is a must dn ca wlil never replace it .
Public trasnport or tvaelling by car ?
I think travelling by acr is a vre comfrotable way .
Yout do n't have to think about ubs timetables dn gates .
Yuo only can go to your c , sit in a drive waay .
A wha uo need is a dirving licence , a car nad a littel ib luc that htere is no rtaffci .
If y go with a trai , oyu need a ticekt , thta 's to very cheap !
You ums kwo t timetables and at which tae the tari will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes eh tranis are full of epople na yo ahve to tsnad the whoel wa !
I tihn it 's right , hta travelling by ca wil be omr popula .
You drive the way uo wan .
You can sto wehrevre uo awtn and tehre rae a olt of other point to travell with the ra .
I 've juts fniishde reanig 50 hsade off Grey ....
It is raelly gdo , it is bteter than the prevuos novel SfOGrey , i relaly mna it , It is not pro , BE GROWN UP PElSaE , whe you do nt want to read the " sxe patr " ujs turn voer eh next veeyr nigle apeg tll it end , that s a , i hve done like taht to finish htat noev , Tih novel is just to tell us the passionate love tsory betwe a sucessfu buisness man , chairmen man wti stricly unhapp childhood , and noly refrs to his brith motehr as " teh crack whore " which relatde to eh si recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed vyr oberd of rounitne life , innocent , did nt nko anythnig aobu lfie , Apparently , HtEY were so idfifrent rfo each other but somehow , some magic connecting ehm to be a very lovley copule .
It would bug me if s1 ddi nt read it to ya th is a porn nvoel
Teh two maps deipct ht mia changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1959 and 20 .
Overall , it ca be esen that the city h became roe modren , tih moer transport nad entertainment facilities .
One striking chagne is that a en stiton has ebe buitl , to connect ht north of hte cyt with the ctiy ecntr and the road has been pdeestrianzied .
In 9195 , there were gree areas , woever they wree cu dwo and an airpo and an apartment block wer built in those eras .
Another inetrestin redevelopment is thta factory was nkocekd donw to make way for a shpoping centre , and in the same aw w of Chruch hwich was pullde odnw to taek place ofr a pbu .
Teh urba aersa were demolished , to ma way fo skyscrpaesr .
A final ntoalbe hcaneg is that footblal stadium aws erected in t south of th ci in 2010 .
I lkie playin tnenis .
I enjoy htsi sport ebcause of tis ihhgly aerboci exercises .
Player is required to ru lal oevr the feild to csae t ball adn to rteurn it to ht opponent .
To wi ht agme , a go strategy hsolud be als alpied .
One must recognize the field and ht strengths , as we as teh weaknesses , of his opopnnet to make a point .
htsu it is a agme wiht a combination of barin an physical skills .
For people stratnig to do thi sport , one na t to train idniivdually .
A awl in a tennis field cna be a ogo atrt to laern hwo to hit a ball .
It wil be better of course to joni a club or to ge a trainer to guide .
Information about t basic theory an technique on tennis can be gathreed in internet / books .
One should amek t effotr to parcitse rgeularyl to amk suer a contniual progress .
Learnign to do juggling iwl also be beneficial .
Many coaches avdsie their pupils to arctise it for a better coordination of ahdn adn eye .
But mots importanl , one sholud enjoy all of this with fun .
I exactly do n't undertsadn why people awnt to leanr about private life of politiicans and film stars .
I have to say taht everybody sa the rigth to have a privaet ilfe although they are famous .
It emans nobody should interfree with famous people 's vies .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in tohres .
Fmaous poepl also ahve g needs .
Meagtsars can r into bushy problems .
htees happenings are not strange .
Because a eh people hva got preidacments .
But upblic wants to es afmosu politicians a satr in every sitaution .
For xeamlpe thye wnat to see wel - known ppole wht ehr boyrfined / hsi girlfriend or want to se them in cauas attir or awnt to ee famous women without make - up .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : So of big anmes are importan fro smoeon who has hte like an ideal .
Soicety thinks taht thye haven't got wekaenss na lac of baility .
A media appear on teh sce .
Media make use of tihs intreest an thanks to this coin much moeny .
On the csene of TV , media closes their defetcs or reomves .
An all the item follow fmaosu people and their famieis .
Privacy invasoin seems to be an abosltue rith of media .
However , benig bale to protect gaainst an invasion of privacy is a ufnadmental human irght of satrs .
The govrenment should gvi to supertsars the right to protection of persoanl relationships dn acviities .
lutimately , crowd - plsaing peolpe also haev got yn civi rgihts just like everynoe else .
Nowaadys , man people prefer owing a cra mo than uisng pbuilc transoprt .
It is more conevnient as uo na travel straightly to the place you awtn to go .
Some may say that we do ont ene public transport anymoer in th futrue .
ohwever , I thi public transport shuold be kpe as it sitll ahev tier avleus .
First of al , pbulci transport provied the epxreience of hte journey .
Publci transport is on only su , ubt also lpnae an ferry .
They vie you teh experinece of flying in the sky or floaitng on t sea .
That is th experiecne can not gievn by car .
Yuo ac n kwo it if yuo olny traevl by car .
So I think upblic transport shoudl reamni .
Last ub not least , public transport can shrae the csot of traveling .
Public transport is for mnay people to go to th asem pla .
Mro omnye na be saevd as eh cos can be sharde wtih the people hwo aer gion to the sa place .
Third , public trnapsort is good ro eh environment .
Th polltuio of amyn car is so much .
The air plolution mek t lcimate chaeg .
To usm up , public tarsnport still vae their wo valuse .
The President of hte nuietd Sattes of America Mackilne sya that , regarding Cuba , he iwll n emddle until December .
Teh newspaper " Tmie " publisehs an intercepted letter wrtite by the Spnasih Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe htat will make hmi resign due to what he woret about eh U .
Next to hte lbow - up of th Nort maerican steamer Miane , teh Spansi commissoin caeted to investigate this explosoin assrues htta it oclud n't be odn rfo eh outside , btu rfo ht inside .
On the ohter hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notiyf thei results to Spain dn with hte opposi conlcusino of the Spanish commsision .
Hoewve , the Sapnish gvoenrment does not agree wiht the USA 's conclusions and they request ontrh Americans to oslev this disagerement iwt an international aribtrage .
Later , hte As governmnet afifmrs they do not want to conquer Cab , but thye deamnd Spian to sign an armistice with ucbans .
Mackiely ask of hte arbitartion of the Pope León XII in hte cofnlitc and Spa reclaims Notr Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in oredr to show theri deser to put an edn to the conlfict .
The Pope requsets eh Spanish ramy to caees immediately th hostilities in ucba .
Later , teh Untied Staets uose of Representatives approve a resolution to militray interven in Cuba if neecsasry .
eh Spanish Minisyr of State publihses a Memorandum relating all the eevtns adn cofnlicts made by ht US to Cuba utni the publishing date .
In this Meomradnum , ht mni evetns narrated ar ht filibustery crimes originaetd in New Ykr and t change of attiutd twoards Cub of ht USA atfe hte electio of eh president Mackiely .
Also , this Memoradnum psecifeis the origni of the conflict , which resied in t letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of eh staemre Maine , the latter bieng remarke concerning the As rejected th Spansi propositio to caryr out the arbitrag together .
The 21st of April EE denies the Spanish sovereigtny oevr Cu , ht 23rd of Arpil psani sends the Memoradnmu to several nations and the 25th Su edclraes the w to Spian .
Since aht day , the diplomatic rleatoins between obth naiton wll be suspended .
Keepni a Promies
Being able to keep a promise is a vre important qualti of a person .
It 'll show if you acn be truset or nto .
So it is not ju a fundamental element of begn a ogod perso bu aos effects on you society .
If yuo ac keep promises to oyru friends , aht mna how much you erally care about them .
I konw ho importtn of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
But ht problem is I do really care about my firends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , ebacuse I do n't want to idasppoint them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to kepe , and it asl makse me too busy to kee them .
So keeping a prmoies is good , but hte thing is : Do n't keep oo many promises at the same time ! Yuo sohlud consider if uo really can compelte it or on .
Tah aw you wo n't haev olt of presusre , and y c be an honourable perso .
I 'm glad y hav graduaetd hte school and that yuo vae plasn to go to the nuiversit .
It 's good for yuo to take a yra brake feore contuning wtih oyu sutdies .
This aw you hva hte hcanc to relax and to think whta is best for you in the future .
I 'm laso glad tah y want to visit my country . Yo 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Before I contniu , lpease rememebr to write bakc wht an eaxct date of oyu arrival so I can rarange soem htnigs iwth your trips .
I 'm ogign to make oy a very nec ittinerary na hpoefully we 'll als find osmething ofr you to work .
Firts I advise you to coem an viti my hometown , bceause it is a cie one .
We 'll vsii eh Hall City Towe , the zoo , t citadelle and we also hvae some baeutiful parsk with a to of gre grass a ol tree .
Tehn we can go vis the Forerss in Sighisoara which is the only rotress in Europe to be actually nihbaited .
The nxe adys we ca go and vsiit a slat mien at Praid and The Baer Lake , whic is a aslt lake in Sovata .
I alos recomemnd y to ivsi Brasvo na The Balck Cuhcrh , The eples Castl and w to The Black es .
We can go hkiing an climbing .
I thkn uo kn that I hva a friend wihch is a teaehr .
He can come with us in our rtpi .
Concenrig uor wroking plans , I ahve an nucl hw own a farm , so I think we can arrnaeg fo uo to work there .
I asusr oyu 'll have a good time in my cuontry .
I am going to wati of uo at the tarin station .
My Husband ...
My husbnad is so annoying , sometimes he kee talki adn talikn wtihout any goal , he drops hsi idryt sokcs and clhtes all over the hosu na alwa shouting for lunch , he sleeps in th middle of gdo movie dn important usbjects and snores while sleepnig .. ll he wtns to do is too eat and lsee
he asys I hsop t mcu but hte afct is he ode n't nat to spend mnoey , he stopped buying me flowesr nad hcocloates and he stopped ebin romanti
aftre all of th he ekpe aksign why I have hcanged iwt hi !
Th afct is he is ont th sem man I have married na htta issue upests me so muc .
he keep saying I love y but I do n't feel it na more , I sacrifice my life in my lvoeyl country for hmi an left my family to be wht him but seems ilek it wa o huge misatke as I feel like I am livnig with a stranger and he is nothing like th mna he promiesd me to be .
anyway I sitl love ihm and itll have the hope that this is just a temporra peoid in our lif and he will be back to the man I loevd once especially htat we have th most amazing raesno to lev for i ru betuiful no uor angel nad amazing love of our fie .
hter ar diely different views on t public trsnport futer .
Despite some pelpe would suggest tha such sreviec has no future bceaues people are mer erly on car as it is conveinent , it is my personal belief that publci transport shoul continue and sa its fuuter .
Tw of eh principle reasons for this are as follosw .
Firstly , teh society tady rae omre concenred aobut enivornmentally friendly .
Tihs is a wtrh seien be concerned because ia pollutno has negatvie impact on our healt and eh ecosystems .
ht more acsr on teh road , the omr rgeen house gases porduced .
Therefore , pbulic trasnport play an important orel to mitigate golba warnig .
F example , if a bus c carry 00 passengers , at lesat 25 cars na be reducde on rda , solev the problem of traffic ajm .
In addition , csientists adn egnnieers are working hra to invnet nad improve hte evhicles , so thye become less harmuf to the environment .
ht second arugmen is more relatde to eevryone and has great inlfeunce .
Fo htoes oh do not rdive , public transport is extremely importatn .
There a htousnads of students travel wit public transprot to shcolo everyday because they can n drvie an htier parents do no have time to drive them .
Moreoev , insurance , petlo , erapir fees aer ver expesniv .
Not everyone can afofr it .
On hte other ahnd , upblic transprot is good value of omeny .
In conclusion , I believe that upblic rtansoprt should hva future .
Professioanls aer cotninuing to develop a betre vehicle to mak it eco - freindl , and there er still man people rely on public transport .
veerynoe deserves to ha a private lfi , eev celebrities adn atrs , who is a life na slu of the aprty duirgn htier wornig hours .
We all need a sehltre , where we na hdi rfo daily difficulties .
htis is the noly aw to maintain emnta health nad nto to afl into depression .
We cna say f sure that stra and cleberities ar also people .
It maen that in everyday ilf they are faced with teh same problesm as we do .
Wha is mer , celebrities as oridnray peopel ende some tem to rest and osm tim to bulid de relationship with othe .
As ordniayr people they ne someone to take care of tme , someon to share their feelings with .
It odse not matet waht amuont of money is in their account .
Tye are not able to buy rea relationshpis cuh as friendship nad loev .
They na gain fam dn admiration thkns to htei skills but htei sta personality is omr like a powerufl rcaetion .
Sometise in eveyrday lfie they ra not eve interesting in trem of hcarcater and apeparnace .
We ll go throu hardships dn afiluers .
But thi shoudl not reach a levle that it lets us fall into meatl disorders .
Thta is why a privtae lif is so impotrant , seepcially fo atrs assessed all the itme by society .
Hi ,
wha 's up ?
I 'd lki to tell yo about teh ocncret I aw .
It aw fantastic !
I 've emt fe nice people and we da a great ti wti them .
Tye showed me evertyhin I suold do .
I had to carry some mucial instruments na insatll a softwaer .
ehn I hleped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to he peopl and th ebst was I meet emmbres of nad and have hte autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning n languages is beocmign a priority fro oyung people because most of htem go to study abaod and rok with foreign cuontries .
I believe that konwign more naguages is laways better . tah way epople have a lot mo culture nad are omre knolwedegable .
Tohse er the epopl who know their way around lef .
Anothe gaet reason fo knwoing languages is thta peop will ilk an respect uo .
oyu will slo edevlop yuo mind and learn we things .
So knowing a lto of lnaguages uold be vrey ufeul in lfi .
On the other hand , elarning lagnuages is not always practic .
It takes a lo of itme to know yn language fluently and it wasit tim .
veen if uo learn a certain lnaguage nad yo do n't u it manually , you wi sipmyl forget it .
It turns tu tta learning a foerign language may be pointless .
In conculsion learning langugaes ma be very hand btu can also be a killing tmi activiyt .
So it 's nice to kn otehr languages , but just thos oy will really need .
Daer Sir or Madam ,
I wa oyur adveritsement looking ro a kids mointor , an I tihnk I could be the ebs perso to fi that position .
I have a edgre in English dn I wuol like to elanr how the maerican speak it in real live .
F thta raeso , it would be a wondreufl chance to elran amongst ikds adn adults in hte USA Summer Cpms .
I ahv worked at schools in Spian adn I have first hnad knwoldege about organising sports and activities .
We ocul elanr nwe activities fmo ehc other .
I am a good ocko .
Although I have no tilt , I lov cookign .
ro htat rsaon , I thnik I can hepl in the kitchen .
I cuold aos share wti eveyroen osme Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I aelize this is not the ideal refeernce .
See my curricluum vitae , enclosed , fro mo details .
I would love to answer any qusetio y could ask through thi eami , qq@gmial.cmo , an tih mobile phone number , 666666666 . I wuodl be delighted to attend an interivew whenever you see f .
I look forwadr to hearing rfmo yuo in eh nearing future .
Yours faifhully ,
nidinaa Jones
Mihcae went to a trip to Poaln by miself .
At hi 5th da of hi trpi , he hiked a rey hig mountain , tu weirdly he never sene na people .
Auot 1 uor fater he staretd to hike , he s a bgi vae and there was a cyz - yllow glow inisd th vae .
He net in and foudn an lod man standing tehre .
Nxet to him were fe dozens of doosr and the were letters rwtiten on it .
ht man spoke , " Welocme " .
He led me to a room which said ' Hpayp ' at the doro .
When Michael tsepped into the rmo , I felt something vre fresh inside me .
It w like bertahing in a froets .
I eflt happy .
Reayl Hapyp .
hte dl man asdi , " uo feel hapyp , Do n't yuo ? " Michael nodded .
He wnet on , " Evrey room have a feeling wrtten on it .
That feelin tel you what y will efle inside the romo . " .
Michael went tno uople of rooms until I sptoted a room written ' Anger ' .
He wa curios about h he will feel whe he goes itn ht room .
He setpped into hte room .
imchael closed teh odor and knew at thta moment he h made a imstaek .
I think , hta evreybod deserve privacy , includi famou people .
They ac barlel breathing with la those photographers around htem .
I do n't kno hwy peopel lvo spying famous people .
A magazin rae full of thsoe things .
Another useless thnig ar gossip .
Wh ar they evne esit ?
Thya can really damgae eh reputation of someone .
I laos thkn taht the following famou peolpe sometimes could be dangerous .
Fro example , when fa follow th ba , eh or he could be hurt , ebcause t traffic is really unpredicable or whe three is a huge mass of fans , tye could hurt eac other .
My opinion is , htta the famous people deesrve a quiet tim , wehn tehy are wit their partnres or with famil , but also whe tye are ujs gion to hte superraket or gy .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine phtoo of asarh Jesscia Parekr on whhc she was walkign tih ehr odg .
The headline aws : LOOK AT THE SARHa WITOhUT MAEk - UP , SHE LOOKS LI A OhREs !
My first though was : " God , le ehr li h ilfe !
hs is only a human beign ! "
Wh hwen men stkl a women htey forbid him to ocem closer to her , but hwe a papparaz hide in car of celberity , he wll egt a uhg apck of buc ro the photos ?
I 'm going to atlk auot socila netwokrs .
aers aog , we sue to g through wtih other people rniigng up or textign messgaes by o mobile pohn and as time goes by , nowdaays we al can communicate by oscia networks such as twitter , facebook , hwatspap ... Frits of ll , we ues them to catch up on new , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see poeple having breafkats in a acfeteria readnigs news by his smartpohne , an migae so far from yesr bkc .
We laso can hva more knoweldge about current iseus by Facebook apges which are nto considered apprporiate by some TV programmes such as poltiical dicsussions , strikes , econo ... As ra I concerned , nowaday popultaion know more abo whta 's gogn on in the world hta in previous eyasr .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countreis wher their Gvorenment ban to haev access Internte to ictiznes , in oehr worsd , they want to mislead bauot reality avoidin population colud claim bu tihs nets or up in ar against their system .
On the other ahnd , we cna get omer information about our known nad nuknwon people who are our friend by afceboko , uploading photos at an time , taikn a coffee , watching a football amtc or psenidng summertime somewhere .
So , this means we are getting elss intimity and becomin mor gossiping at th same time , as a consqeuecne of sharnig our lives on public sties .
You can ofllo to yuo favuorite celebrities dn have a direct interaction but this also has negaitve consequences such as some followres critise to th
Michael axnedr is the afmosu team captain of noxi University , o of the most pretsigiou school in the Pihilppines .
He was born with a sopon on his mouth .
He hsa everything : eh loosk , the branis dn the charm but he ha never eflt contented .
He ah never been serious on the entire 17 yaers of h life .
Everythni has bee easy for him , he used to get what he wanted .
He thinks tha life 's a gaem adn he should userly win whatever it takes .
One of his favorutie game is to conquer veer gi he liked and break their herat .
But aht wa unt he met Celine .
hs was describe as plain nae of teh cmapus .
T nvere bee noticed igrl , Celien .
One day , in eh silence of nohwere while leine sa reading a book she ftl someon beside he .
It wsa a en ihng for her knowing that someone had teh guts to si next to her because almost lal th people on that scohlo define her as a weridoe .
' Excsue me ? '
hs olokde up nad she sa surprised seieng hte straneg beisde h is hte famous Michael .
Curisoity was written all ore he face . '
Yes ? '
she responde . '
I 'm Michael , niec to meet you ' he said ..
She was satrstrucked .
Sh nkows ihm .
Everyone in that school konsw h na wo flirt he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it would jts be easy taikng to htsi girl .
Seeing eh tha lcose makes him realised tah she 's not ugl .
ht owrd beautiufl is nto enough to describe her .
She 's gorgeous , if she woul onl atek ff hre glasses maybe other pelpe iwll notice it too . '
ince then , do uo mind oging otu with me on a adte ? '
he lbruted . '
No ' she rpeiled .
Tsi guy actually ks her otu and seh 's nto th stupid not to kno his itnention .
hse stood up , pcaked re things and went uo of eh library .
Mcihael was sprrised .
He hda never expected thta he would receiv a no from this nid of gril tha is even afr rfo his tpy .
Seh just challenged hmi .
ht past two ewek of Celine 's life chanegd in juts a blnik of eye .
Michael did n't giev up on aksnig her otu .
Rumors spread htta aesil .
She knew herself th Mihcael is juts playing wtih ehr and hs sai to herself that she iwll never fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , then eh will gev him the ebts agm he colu and would vere have .
Seh 's going out with ihm .
Two months ahd psased snic teh da they daetd .
Snice hten , everything went so perfect between the two of htme .
Celine eralised thta Michael is n that da na myabe those rumors eh haerd before ree only rumors and they only watned to destroy Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for ih ebcaues she wanted to thnak ihm f eh lfowers she received yesetdray .
One of th thing hse ken bauot him is thta Micahe love to surprise , hta 's why she wants to surprised him too .
She 's on her ya to the coutr hwere imcahel was pratcnig wne she herad guys talkign .
' Do you still aln on ifnishing our bet or ht ruom is true Micahle ? uo have fallne to Miss Jan ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to hvae that acr of yours ' Miceal sia .
eclin nkwe at that momnet taht hre wolrd had fallen do .
Taer automaticall falls dnw her fca .
Eveyrthing Michael did ro h wa just fro a ebt .
The next day ihle Michae is on hsi pad watching tv , he haerd hi door bell rnag , he aws surpirse to ercieve someone n .
Teh sat tiem he remember he enver invitde anyone .
He would ilk to ivnit ecline but he knew she would decline to hi again and he 's not reday to be alone wtih ehr .
Mabye he 's too coward to admit it b y , he 's invoe with leine .
He tried to dney it to si friends because he knew the moemnt he tol them the ttuh Celine 's fie would cahnge .
He knew how Celen olves having her privacy , he kne the moment he admit to everyone thta he loves hre , she wuold nevre have h normal life anymore .
He sut loves htat girl that he would protec eh from eveyrthing .
Even if it cost him hiding ho much he loves her .
hwen he open eh door he sa omr usrprise to see who 's on t door .
His eys looked automatically on hwo Ceilne looke today .
Is it noyl hmi or she wsa wearnig a esyx derss ?
He opened the door wider adn let re in wti a big smiel on si face .
Celine came in na ikssde ih aggressively .
The netx thing Michael knwe is th he is making love iwht htsi gir .
Everythnig felt amazing adn baeutiufl .
lal they cuol hera was thme kissing . '
I olv you so much ' imchae bulrted fater whta they did then h her .
He felt a liquid fallnig on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
he askde himself .
He realised that it was n't riannig .
Those were Celine 's tear . '
I knew everything .
Everything was jus a bet irght ? ' Celine asid .
Michae got frozen . '
Everythign that happened to us was too godo to be true .
I sohlud n't ahev believed you .
I should n't ahev believe that you wlil change ujst of me .
I 'm just so stupid to belieev guys like you .
Now you ahev wah you watned . '
Cilne sadi with a rboken ovice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm oging to dses now ' Celine added .
Michael ca n't eblieve of wha he h ujs heard .
The ntx thi he knew is that eh was goen on nol on ihs pad ubt fro his life .
He sut los the gi he lvoed for the fisrt time .
Miche decided to get dress , he w on the way to hte door hwen he wa a box of thin he gave to Celine .
Teras started to fall for his eyes .
Michael closed the door and ken at that moment he hda made a mistake .
In the persentday community shoppnig is one of ht mots impotratn prat of life .
Fo smo of us rtdae is a thin f a living , but oehr people treat shoppin like a gdo thing to spe time and tye ar nejoynig it evyr umc .
For me , shopipng is no enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping cetnres .
Th very fir erason for my disagreement is that I do n have enoguh mnoey to purcha everything which I would lik to buy .
Thing are getti more and mro expensive an I am relal disappointed when I umts go out of the shop with nohting and ufrthermor it gives me a big amuont of sadness .
The next thing about unpleasant hsoppnig rae enromous lines .
Gogn ofr a f food - stufsf alawys end with an ohu in a lien .
No matter in what tiem you com to shop , you wlil wait .
The last , but not least reaso gaainst enjoyable shopping is hta I have to tarevl a lot to a store in whihc I acn buy everything I want .
Of cruse I might go to a few differtn shops , btu iwthou driving licenes traevllign is tough task .
Carrying mna heavy bags is on my favourite kin of sepnding my psar - time .
Tehre are tos of good places to ivsit in Brazil .
Beautiufl a important places for th history of thsi amaizgn tropcila cuontry .
Among all of htme , one of the places oy must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , teh town of Amazon State , in the ontrh of the country .
T building is imporatnt becaues it sa built in ht alst century duri t rubebr age , wne eh city wa no of hte most ricehst city in ht world .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors ewr borught from Europe by ship as well as all eh material construction that were neecssary for it ubilding .
It is a sophistacted construction , full of detials , evreywhere raoun t taeter , from hte lfoor to hte celiign , everythnig craefluly fashioned according to aht peri .
Eev if it has mo htne 100 yera since it sa ublit , la the oirgina fsahion are still htere , intca , with all the ulxruy erady ro eevyrone 's visti .
eh place se uo ipmortant cocnerst , presentaitnos and international festivals until nowadays .
The theater is famous not ujs ebacuse of ist ga , bu also bceuase it sa built in t middle of the jungle .
ruing the rubber gae there wa no urba lfi around th build , which is copmlteely differnt rfom today of course nice ehre is a restored square and a church in front of hte theater , that have hte same ag of the tehater and is surrounded by tr galleries , pbus , offcise , houses , restaurants , ehre gruops of rfineds , oturist and families are used to go to appreciate teh rbeeez in the end of a warm ady a druign the night .
It eralyl owrth visiting maazon Theater in amnasu , taking pitcures and haivng good storie to tle in yoru life .
Haev oyu ever hear baout it ?
If you live in a small village , y m konw the sport I do .
Most of a Gir Paly it in my village .
In ibg citie htere 's a ismilar Sport laled Baskebtall and this en is moer for yos .
Eveyr monda we mee us in th sportshall of Mandach .
Bfeoer the elsosns begin , we talk baout t ensw in the villga and do moe exercise to get warm .
Aftre ru rtanier Nioc hsosw us a lot tipps an trciks .
The reason I like this psor is mro or els simlpe .
I can Play it with good freidns , it 's a funn Sport , b it 's also hdrly dn you c get to your Limit .
In winte we have som agmes every ow weeks , where ou friend rae visitors .
In ht last season we reached t secdn place .
If oyu nat to know mroe abtu tihs Spor , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
You c find omre informations slo in teh Internte .
To sum up I hope to ese you sono by a game .
In the reading psasage , teh writer rpovide seevral theoreis aobut eh puropes of the carved tsoen blasl .
Hewver , teh ltcurer point out the prolbem in all si assertions .
Firstly , the atuhor ohlsd that the stone blal were possibly used in hunting or fithing .
In contsat , the professor argues that they were impsosibyl waepon ebacuse they show no dmaage .
If tehy were usde as weapons , tye shoul be rboekn up or divided in peiecs .
Secondly , t writer cliams that th soten ablls mgith be us as standard weighst to msaure .
Nevretheless , the eltcurer contends that ht theory is indefensible .
The main reason is hta the craved sten balls are dfferent types of stose .
It is because diffreent stone have different densities taht their weights are different though they are uinform in the sem siz .
alst but not least ipmortantyl , eh author asserts aht th stone balls might serve a social purpose .
The professor , hoewve , doe n't think so bceause the the designs of the otne balls are oo miple to show the important scoail status .
Moreover , in general , artifact of oscila sbmol is ubired with its owner aft he or hs died .
However , the craved tsone blasl were no found near a graves .
To mu up , the rpofsesor totally disagree with the sttaement in th reading pssage .
Life is cahngign every d adn in the xet iffty yeras a olt of thinsg lil happen .
Science is developing veyr uqickl and nowadays scientists aer discoveirng enw things .
In ht ftuure some danegruos disaeess suhc as Cancer or Aid will be traete , an tehr wll be no worries about htme .
I htink peopel will not go out of their home to buy goods and foods or clothes , ebacuse professional rbotos will be invented adn teh will do anything that you want , na tehy will eby yo orde .
ohwever , this cna caes a problem for human an some peopel will afec to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will happen a poepl will lose their jobs .
I asusem that another problem will be robot , becuaes little by little htye wil capter th owrld and they will ebcoem human 's enemy , and htat would be one of possibilities in eh future .
In conculsion , I owlud ya thta developing is not very good ro huamn , adn little by little eh wodl will be demolished by human errors .
I ho eh wodl will no being destroyed by human , bu in the end everyon knows aht the entire of eh wolrd wil be urnied and nobody will be ailve .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.ahrtley
ihs is an oirginal a omving loev stoyr tah has poepel gaainst the relationship between hte mni characters .
And this story was otld from the point of vei of Leo Coltso the lead character .
omerover , the whole sto happens in ht 20th cetnury druign a trip tha Leo does and calls it hte best century of his lief .
Leo is a kind of popular yo at school as he invents special spells a shwo th to h scohlomates , ub evertyhing he onws cahng hwen he 's invietd to t house of Marcus , who is ih aprtnre at school .
So hteer he meets the olset - gorgesu Marcus ' stser an he immedaitley flls in voe dn siec hten the go - between aepars in t stor .
I think evreyon will enjoy this boo becasu it shows a typica way of beahving in eh 20th century , their daily - ruotine adn the thigns the do to hva fun .
Besies this , it tire to giev us a real idea of what an innocent chi may do to help people tihout ebing tlo the eral rttuh .
Tih paper is a revei of scientfiic researcehs , including magaznies , newsppaer , websites an othesr ; iwt teh purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting th tuorist attractions and beahcse to people , in order to acll it to their attention in relaiton to ht cmomercia promtoion nad local dveelopment , weher a to of pepoel do not konw the antrual baetuies of ru icty .
Warning the respnosible departments how muhc tye can do to th city in relaiton to employment opporutnities , toursit atrcations , enrionmental education , eoclogical preservation and make it as the best toursitic cit of Litoral Paulista .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to enocurage oyugn people woh enojy surfing hte disseimnation of the be beahces of thi cyt to practice it with others tha may hvae .
Preesrvign , exploring the rtails and beaches , encourgaing etxremis soprt aer hwa we belive tha attractives to touritss of htis wonderful seaside ict a .
Key wrosd : ecotoruism , markteign , track , th Guarujá beache , tourism .
In otady 's wordl people su upblic transoptr in erey aspect of travelilng .
Neverthleses , travelling by acr c be posing a re rteath to public transport because it is umhc more ocmfortable .
Frislty , havign a car mkase trvaelling much easier .
People acn go wherever tehy awnt and wheneevr htey want without tihnikng of buying a ticte or getting to a station on itme to catch a ub or a arin .
Car igves comfor because uo can pesronailse oyu space a your irde .
Al t same acr is aos necessity otdya , beacuse evry otfen tha is ht onyl mnas to egt to whe yo need to .
ohweevr , pulbic transport is not htreatneed by car .
Frist of all , ot many ras mak town crowde na creat tfafic jam , ihch is counetrproductive .
Seocndl , one ac is making as umch pollution as one bu whcih tranoprts mna mer people .
In my opinion , public trnasprot is sceure in t futuer .
It wll even get more poplura because it wlil be faster , modren , an cheaper than a trvaelnlg by cra .
It aws the worst night we had ere had .
We hda nere gen to imhcael 's ohuse before .
We wre thinking that meeting teher we will have a funn giht in rfiedns , ubt we wer very wrong .
When we arrive we asw an old ohuse where Michael lived .
He was waiting ofr us outside .
At first , we did n't htink that soemthing abd was gnig to happen .
When we gto isnide his hous , we sa a lot of old pics on hsi wall , it aws like a horr omvei !
Michael lokoed vre nervou to .
After a whlie , when we were playing one of ih Computer gaem , we heard a scream coming from ih garden .
There were t bodie in that palec .
Tye were Michael 's parents , hsi father was de , btu si mum no .
htne , Micheal tried to hide htier bodies in a roo , without knowing taht ihs m wsa ailve .
When we saw taht we escaped as fast as we cuold , na we wa as hi mum awlkign to fnid Michae , like a zombie .
In hte end , We aerd Michael 's sceram .
We never see mi again , I thnik th wehn Michael closed the do an knew at the momnet he had amd a imsatke .
Th best trhliler I have ever era
It aw long time ag when I have erda this book but it sa so good and xecitign that it 's still in my mind .
hta 's a novel written by isdne Shedlno caleld ' ' If tomrrow cose '' .
Thre is aos a film based on the obo .
It tlaks aobut an rodinray young woman hwo has everything hs needs in fie .
After seh finds tu taht her motehr hsa committed a suicide because of some kind of frau she decides to revenge hre but she egts into a psion .
After she comes o hse decides to make another revenge bceasue of hte mae erason .
This book is evyr exciting bceuase there is a lot of thnigs thta a happennig and it 's not omnotonous at lal .
It hsa a lot of intrigues na a to of to think about hwat 's goni to hapepn netx .
I wolu ceommend this obko to t people of all ages becasu it sa something for evreynoe .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it ahs a romantic si for t younger onse .
It is a raelly goo ook that hsould n't b misesd .
Dear Sir ,
I hope this eltte fidns oy in good health .
Recently , I have seen an advertisement aobut a jo .
I think I wolud be hte irght pesro of such ojb .
hte follownig are wrot nonig about me .
I have taken course in the last 2 mnoths in an organization thta prepraes activitie fo children gaed between one to 15 .
This orgnaiztaion taught us how to deal wit hcildren , adn how to ma their lives happier and more joyful .
The main mi is to maek eh childrne over t mno .
In additi we weer also atugh how to organize soprts and activities for hte in a ya htey iwll enjoy .
Moreover , sri , I have tkae courses in cooikng .
I bleivee that I am stiable fo htis jbo as I hav hgu expeeince abuot waht is required . I owuld be on t of the world if you lalow me to be en of the tma .
Believe y wil never regr choosing me .
Sincerely ,
Razan Sailb
Everything happened that usmmer I spent in geyp .
My mohter had foun a n job in osme cnient ruins , right in eh middle of eh deser . I shodl metnion taht she was an improtatn archaeolgoist , known all over ht world , and hse da to arvel to evyr ocrnre on aetrh .
I used to psend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' cuontry house , surronude by grene fields , forest adn rivers , tu hwne I turned eihgtene my mother tohugh I was odl enough to atek a plane on my won a stay wtih her for a month .
I did n't xepect to find anytihng else htna snad , ehat and tourists on my way across hte edsetr , evne though I was leading myself to a patc of water among laegues of wastleand , the sais of Faiyum .
Finally , my plaen laedd in Caor almost fiv hours after I h lef Englna nad I had to remebme aht ht tem hteer wer wt hours in advance .
Wne I managed to reach teh oustide I had a ta waiting for me , rpobably stn by my mother , so at laest I d n't have to look of another one in the stifling hae of th cyt .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even vae air ocnditionign , so I spent t two ohusr of eh journey tyring to na msyel wit a magazine I borrowed from eh drire .
I reached the hotel well in the afetrnoon , neverthelses , the air aw tsill oppressive and hot liek at midday .
Even htuogh I had to bera teh climate , I aw happy with being ael to see my omther omer otfe than I sude to in past summers .
I had n't met her snice the beginning of lats Fberuary , adn that was fvi months bfeore hte .
Introudctino
ht ia of hti report is to igev osm tips for tourist oh moe to the city . I will proivde uo iwth som piese of advice baout shopping clthse in the icty as long as some recommednations .
Fashion and luxury
In the icyt hteer rae many fashion shpo wehre you can egt the sot trendy clothes . uo must be aware that maybe yuo iwll psend more money than expected , but if you er a shopaohlic , it wlil wot it .
NANY 'S ah party drsese and wonderful sohse that you cna su on specia occasions .
Yuo would fall in lvoe iwt htem as they aer pstel colerd .
In additino , they often ha disocunst and offers , so you can egt sem bargains is yuo look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern ohp where yuo can find hte letst afhsion in Milano and luxury complemetns from the omst known companies .
Clothes at hsotr price
Every Monday theer is a srteet market in the certal square .
edspite they are no ne lctohes , they are usually trend dn wtih ihgh quality .
If hte ide of a street mrak odes not sdeuced you , I reocmmedn you visiting a is a littl hso in Saint Peter stere , The Old abg , where y ac buy basg adn othre compleemnst su as umbrellas , glevs and scarfs .
In addition , eh sh is rey cheap nad y ac atk a ucp of coffee siide meanwhile uo are shopping .
Recommendaitons
If you are a fashion lover you shuold vsiit Lidn and Nany 's .
I recommend you havni a look insdie just in csae .
By contrast If you are moer lickely to sev omnye , t best option in t sterte amrekt .
I suggest a quick visti to every shop and kae comparations in price and qauilty
A guop of ynug peolpe from abroa wlil be visiting my home town fo three months .
This is a short repotr which will include my recommendation abuot eh mos interesting placse in my won of ehm to neojy .
I ha chose t most popular palces to have a good time in my tonw .
ht first place wlud be " Culture Centre " a ht sceond one " Sprots Cnetre " .
In teh " Culture Cetnre " yru young visitors will be able to jni dail cultural actitiies , shc as theatre , icnema dn draiwng classes , whreeas in the " Soprts ecntre " tye will hev an opportunity to join many sports cativities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and akrtae classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to sat in my otwn for a few motnhs , I sgugest hta they should usbsrcibe to a Polhs lanugage cuosre .
It is very heplful to be communicative in Polish lanauge at elats on a bais levle .
The cousre wolud be three itme a week noyl , an full padi by the Ploish government .
The ocurs will igev your yougn visitors not noly a lto of fun ubt also a geenra knowledge about Poils cultru nad eati habits as ewll .
In sohr , a rtpi to Poland will be an unforgtetabl expeirence for oyur students .
Hewver , htey hsoudl be waare of high ocsts of living in my two .
Whe I think in food hte first thought it coem to my mnid is ham , it bnigs abck memorise of ht Christmas 2012 .
I have fno memories of htoes hcrismtas because of the ham dn my niece .
In ercent eyars , I have bne buyi eh ahm in a hspo in Cácere which is hguely popualr adn I really enjoy seenig that my family is edlighted , but ovreall I enjoy seeing my neiec , who is still a child , etaing ma .
Every year , in my hosue , we play the sam role : my mother and my sister prepare idffernet plates for Christams dniner , an I am highl probably teh responsible for carrynig those plates from the iktchen to the dining romo , becaus the erst of ht afmliy is ols in hteir covnersatoins trying to asev th world .
It aws hwiel I was comnig in nad tu from ht kitchne I found my niece satnidng on a sdie of t atble eating ha .
I do n't know ho seh toko hte alte form the centre of the tbal dn put it in frnot of re , ub she had startde to eat it , without asking anyone .
It sa an unforgetatbl momen , I was looking at her slightly exctied beuase she sa aetin alnoe witohu help and afst , which was and stil is unusula coming from h .
If tehr were mer buses or trains at any time ( also in ht night ) , it oculd be convenient using them nad letting the ac in teh garage .
Unfortunatley it 's no possible becau of t costs that the Eocnomic System woudl be cmopellde to suppo .
So people often prefer suing teh car and paying fo o instead of eh bus tickte but hvaing roe advantages : on to be constricted to wati for the buses na not to have to take a atxi in the night wne they come abck fro the idcso , for eaxpmle ..
Recently , in amny towns , thre is slo a we system for moving aorund the city .
It 's called " Ci car " or " ra Sharnig " and it consists in sharing a car , usin it for our movements and then ltetign it in ever pra of t city in ht dedicated parikng .
It 's a ceha servcie and it 's rey appreciated from pepole who nedes car not every day ubt nol for a litlt itme .
So I think tah in a short time , cars will kae teh plac of ht bulic rtanspotr .
The Internsihp , a film of hsawn elv with Owen Wilsno and ivnce Vaughn .
In this fi the are t ont younger men who ahv olts their work .
They sel clocks , but at a cetrain time their factoyr da clsoe .
Tehy have to find another wro .
It is n't ea finding another work for hte because teh rae laone able to sell .
In hte beginning , one of teh , looks fro a job asking to hte boyrfeind ssiter , but forutnately h friend convince ih to find antoher work .
One day , finding on google , hte wt rfiends discover tta gogole loo for we eppole to empoly in i ocmpany .
Tehy sedn thri ucrriculum .
Of cuors they ar much mor lode than eh toher cadniadtes , na when hte staff cotnrol their ucrirculum onyl noe mebmre confimr the cnadidatuer .
Depsite everything they codl take part to teh ocmpteition .
The google agency arranges a ol of poeple , an declares hta on on gropu wil hav the possibility to win .
Of course hwen t groups arrange tehmeslves , ht two lo ne rmeain laoen and htye are forecd to create a gorpu wti the discards .
Of ocurs , on paper , thi rguop ahvne't chanse , but t event wil demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested beacues it rdafts work problems but ont only for this ; it also transimts osem important avluse ilke , the importance of teh soldiarity , the orup cohesoin adn the imoprtance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withtsand .
Of course there a al negatiev obseravtoins abuo this fil : ro exampel there ar smoe pornogrpahic scense in the middle of the stor : they are n't intreesting and they during so much time .
In addition so situations of teh ifl ar taekn rfo eh high school movie .
In cnolcusion thsi film is plain dn a little dicsonuted bu in ht same time lhgt dn funn film to watc udrnig hte summer wi osme firends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very ahppy to hear htta yuo haev hcoesn to com to my conutyr ! I 'm sure yuo 'll love it because uo had a great itm t last time uo came .
If I ewer oyu , I woul sattr in Catlaonia na I would catch a tari whihc desrcibes a wonderful rotu .
You travel around la hte Spanis coast dn you end yru trip in Madrid .
So you c es nearly all apin in a month a it is quiet worth , cacodring to my best freind .
hte problem is taht oy hvae to book ht ohtel you wan to tsay so yoou ened some mie to prepare it .
You should bring summer clothes ebcause it 's veyr hot at his time of hte yra , and soem jackets sin the north of thsi country c be a little chilly to .
As you nkow , my afthre rsn a tour agency which needs some nwe staf and htey a lokoin for epopl wh spe at lea three lagnuages .
I htink you 're suitable for thi bo as uo acn sepka egrman , English and Frnehc .
It is well - iad atlhough uo have to spend ohrus and hours under teh usn , but it 's a ogod idea .
It may help yuo to chooes hwat to study at university as I kwo you haven't dceided uor nid yet .
If you do n't ilke this idea , htree is an excelelnt website which ofefr a lot of jobs adn mayeb you find something interesting .
I enclose ro you th name in this e - amil , I thnik you hsould take a loko !
Plesa , tlel me when you make a decisoin .
Yours sincerely .
I tnik that there are different type of famous people .
Th mos are famou becaus th expose hteir pravte life and lal htei interests are to making money .
The rset of celerbities are artists or goo workers .
Th do nto think in moeny or fame , simply hte enjo wrokign .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement beacuse everyo has ht rihgt to miantain a privat life .
It has to be uncomfortable to go uot of your huose nad nid some repotrers or paaprazzi waitgn ro you to aksin or to taking hpotos .
If something changes in yoru lif will be a nocie in television , and epople will ivnetn rumuors baou you .
Not know if people tkae itnreest in you because they are real fans or is a eprosn oh wants to take advantage of oyu .
On the ohter hnad , I disagree with th sttaeemnt becaus if tehy er public poepl , fans wlil interest in tehm .
Ther er celebrities that lel their lfie in television and htne do not wan to journalists chsa tehm .
htere are other fmaous epopel who on apepra in televsiino na they ra hcase by reporters .
Thsi is the result that somhting new has occurred nad ehy wan to collect information .
It is impossibel to take a private life if yuo are a celebrit , because epople who love y wan to know bauot your privacy .
To summariez , if you expose yuorsel to televisoin oy wlil nto have a privat life .
The bse way to keep it is nto be a famous person .
To whom it may concern ,
I owlud lik to apply for the oj of instructro in the U Summer Camp as advertised in teh nwespaper .
Lats wniter I had been woikng as a coach in my basketball taem wit kids obut ten yera odl .
I hvae formation in basketabll and Physical Eduactions .
F me th is rey pleasant ebcaues I lki bein with children an it is a challenge for me .
Moreover I am ver catiev na hadrworking as you reuqets .
In addition I am vrey funny and laways I am joking .
It is nto a problem fro me to work in the kitchens bceaus I cook on my hous nad I think I do very well .
I think tihs bo is perfect for me becasue I lev hclidren and psort .
Also I fee that I can be a psoitive incoproration in the usmemr Camps .
I loko forward to heraing from you .
uors siecrely
Enric E.
Have uo eevr thought baout h the home of hte Futrue would look ilke ?
It uold be idffeernt fr woadays ?
Many of us think that eh moe of the futrue will be exactly lki in our fvaourite sciean - ficions movies or books , fo example , " Solaris " or eev " Star War " .
Hsue , whhc in we wlil be li in hte fuutre , wlud be ufl of complicated to u computers adn robtos .
etlevio of the futuer wll be amiazing , because it will ahev a 3D porjetcor , what amkes that movies wil loo extremely realitsci .
Remarkabel iwll be of course roobts , whci wi help us in ever d resopnsibilitise , fo nistacne in cooking delicious diehs , cleaning every tihn in eh hosue or veen in wahsing and iornnig clothes .
To be perfeclty ohnets , ere human - being is drmaing of eh home of ht Future na veer drema is an individual , ub in the futu , uo dreams will come tru ?
Hi ,
Wehther y want to siit so interestin lpace or buliding , y sholud go to ru zo , which is nra Zlín in Lešná .
htree is a ncie o chateau and a to of animlas , whcih are fro the whol worl .
You acn see for exalpe tigers , lions , zebras , brids , ipnugins or hosres .
In ht cahteau is an exhibition of snakes and sdiers .
And the resaosn for visitnig ru oz ?
It 's a ebautifu palec ro every geenrtaions in nature and yo ca spend tehre all dya .
If you ewr hungery , there are smoe restaurants a fast foods .
Bu the main reason is , hta Zlín zoo is oen of ht biggest zoos in Czech Republic nad , in my opinino , th oms beatuiful .
lpeas write to me back an tle me , if you like teh zoo or if uo wne on other plaec .
Loev ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous oeple , such as oplitician and flim stasr , dseevre to have a private lfie withou journalists following them all the time .
On my poinio osmetiems stars ' beahviour is very surpising .
To illustrate my point of veiw I want to giv some examples .
On the ha famous people intend to protetc thier pirvat live , but on th other hand they watn to be followed by paparazzi .
Fisr of all being on the covers of rags help them mka htei more atrtactiv for directors .
The othe aeson is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give psosibiliyt to earn more mnoye .
Holylowod efes peend not only on skills ub first of all on fame of this person .
Fi tsars have very duties ro exapmel going to t parties ogrnaized by other poeple from show buissnes .
edra Jeff ;
Hi , oh a you ?
Hoenstly , I do not lkie Natur Programmse so much becuas htye are so boring !
I presonally like Sports Programmes nad Comedy Sohws , because I love sporst and slo nejo having a good lau .
My favourite tv hsows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " of Sport " and " The Simpson " , all these except " The ismspons " aer baou sprots , mainl football , basketball and rugby .
And as a sports lover I am gda to be informed about ht latest matches of the international leagues lki ht " NBA " , " Premium League " and aslo t " National League " bacuse of my deep olev of spotrs .
I wtahc tv about 5 hours a day na in the wekeedns about 6 hours becaus I can stya in be till la .
I wcth soem football matche peetitions and Comedy Shows .
hwta about oyu ?
oh is everybody theer ?
What is your faovurite programme ?
And I woudl like to know what is the most popular prorgamme among teenager in oyru country
I hop yo wi write bakc soon .
Lev ,
Lautaro
Hous no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2dn Jaunary 0217
Dear fridn ,
Tahkn you fro inviitn me
to oyru engagement par .
I am very happy beacus you a finally gettnig engaged .
Y are evry lcuk in choosing life partre I vae esen your life partnre hs is so beiutyfull .oy both ahv perfect match .
Yo bto are liek Romeo an juliett .But I am really sorry I am ont coming to th enaggement party bceause my toher is mdit nito the hospital .
She has an accident today .So I ahv to st here ofr her caer .
Once more I am saying soyr .
I thikn You are undesrtanding my stiutaion .
We will make sno another lpan after My mothre ceame well .
I am sendi you a gift please accept it .
Please send me some engagement hpotographs .
My mother gives you t best wishes na Me too .
Say My hey to uor partner and to your famliy member .
Ta to me on video cnofeerncing after apryt .
Tahnk yo
Subha babu .
I enjoyed the past summer holida , it is entertaining and I usually rtaevl around Hong Kong wti my famiyl during wekeends .
I have bee to several places durni the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Culrual District , ct .
Teh smumer holiday was quite lno , nealry wt months .
I usulaly wake up at aroudn nine O Colck in the monrign dn spned the ad by reading newspapers , bkos , and al diigatlize osem vidoe tpaes .
I enjoy reanig newspaper so I can get updatse on the altest development of incidents an news .
Furthermore , it acn laos pmrove my language skills .
I usually wact television porgram from Discovery Networ at ngih .
Besides , I fni those talking about budling amssive srtucture and science inetresting an I lerant smoe knowlegde rfom thsoe rpogram .
To get prepared to the things to be taught in grda 9 , I laos filpepd htroug some textbooks , includign Integrated Sicenec , Goegraphy , e .
And I ifn t konwledeg to be taught in osem subjects interseting , while some a n't .
As I am a member of teh Robotics eta , I went to schoo ro 3 dya during hte summer holiday to rpeapre ofr a competition on fouht of October .
edspit ht har work , I enjoyed the process of preparing t copmetition a lot .
Nowadays the level of o life ah become hihger .
We are looking fro betre cnoditions everywheer .
So a public transport is n exception .
Most people perfe using their priavte ac instead of a public tarnsoprt .
Baisclaly , there are a l of drawbakcs uisng th kind of transport .
First of al is a trfafic jam , if yuo stick in a trafifc jam in a big bsu you will wsaet much itm then uo expected on teh rao . Bisdee a puilc transptr ra overloaedd at rush hours .Another downside is aht most of ubses er old adn ditry .
Thta 's hwy people choose travelling by ca because it ' is mor convenient adn fats .
AL ABOU ME
My naem is Alexanedr Engström .
I am 12 years old dn I was born on Setpebmer , 12 0203 .
Most of my tiem I liek haigng uo nad chililng wi my friedns , tu ehn I am n with my rfiedns , I am home stuyding .
I hav one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 yera dl , a I also have tw younger isstesr ; laici 8 yera odl an Isebl 4 years o .
I hav myn hobbies , ub one of my favourite hobbies is to sik dowhnill , ebcaus I love dnig it .
The reason yh I love to ski is th freedom I fe hwe I ksi na it is also my type of psort .
Green And Clean Envirnoment
Introdcution
The aim of thi report is to xelpain teh way ru Community have decided to presevre the natuer of our tnw adn whi other activtiies could be useful in ord to achieve this purpos .
Scohols an Offices
On th on ahdn , if uo eblong to a School you ca participate givi information to eh hcildren about eh tahastrophic image uor vlilage would hvae if we do not reudce the poltuion in hte minimum range .
On eh ohte hadn , everyone has th opportunity to lcaen t streets where they spe omts of the tmie .
It cuol be the place hwree yuo work or oyu hosue .
Noobdy has to be worride about th vaucum or the broom because it is provided by the Governemtn .
Recycling
In case you do not hvae time to help with htta kind of activities there is a rlue uo muts follow .
Y haev to trho away verey single thing y ahv in the correct ocntainer in orde to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a ogod lceaning amchin , consequetnly we iwl not ahve to spend hours cleaning the steret .
A gih number of toursits visits Cáceres searchnig for culutre , ehritgae dn ytpicla fdo form Extremdaura .
Fro tha reaos , this tow has a lot of afciltiies to cover tha meand a to ofefr a good time isnid .
eh most attratcive resource in Cáceres is its hreitage .
hte ol otwn is an historic and cultural ecnter hweer a great patr of ht tourism is focused in .
This rat of t cit is erad to reecive it because hteer is an intensive cotnorl to hav acecss to hte old tow with cars .
naywa , txasi nad officila vehicles ra free to ente hweneevr hte awtn .
One of the mo particluar tihng of ihs reigon is the food adn Cáceres is t head icyt of gatsornomy in uerop .
Currently , Cácrees is the onl psanish city having a Europena awar fo offering a big selcetion of ood adn rdikn .
" Atrio " is the sot ipmortnat restaurant of the city a it has bee recoinsed iwth wt stra of ht omts famous ugide for resaturant form Spain .
Anywa , " Atrio " is not juts a fen food retsaurant , tu it is a five - tsar hoetl in ht imddle of the dl town .
Almots , Cáceres ahs a rgeat fofer if someone wants to buy othre things like ctohes , souvenris a art .
Pintores stere is the commercial place of eh ict and it hsa a erat selection of shpos adn ersaturants wi tpyical foo rfom Spian .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an ood and a taset characteristic .
It is known by Huam hitsory at elats siec 3000 B.C. In many cultrue , garlic is associated with suprestiitons , providing bad or goo lucky .
In nacient geypt , garlic was used by epople for heath purposes .
The lsaves , hwo consrtucetd pyramid , were fed wit agrlic , ebcaus eh Egyptians beliveed taht garlic would amke the workers stornger , so they cuold wo hrade .
In Roman nad Greek cultures , people believe in garlic 's magic powers to aovdi the Evil .
Eve Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
In Middle Aeg , asilors carried garlic wht teh to neudre oln peroisd in the esa .
In omre rceen yeasr , in t World War I , soldiers used agrlic to rpevnet rfom agnrgene .
At the presnet ti , modern Science is provdiign some evidecne of a real bneeficia effect of gralci consumption in humna ehalth .
Experiments made wit galri a some types of bacteria , revealed the abliity of garci to kill soem kinds of bactreia .
At lea 23 different tyse of batcerai ree tetsed .
htereby , the bactericdia effcet of eh garlic , prbobaly ac explain soem ancients ' bleief that th plnat cna ehlp in osm illness treatmetn .
It can explain to , why t use of galrci was a ogo option to prevtn gangrene in Iw .
Anohte epxeriment demonstrated a posiitve effect of garlic in blood system .
It aws demosntrated that garlic has a compound tha ac make the bldo " thinner " .
ihs can be used to prveen heart attack and stroke .
Therefore , icnlude garlic in t diet ca really be beneficial for health as som cultures leieved .
H many of us today er really into helipgn eh enviornmetn .
The are lto of cmapaigns going on lgobalyl .
Is it owtrh all ht time , energy adn money in convinicng peolpe to be responsible to thei envornment ?
Yes , indeed !
I renetly ojined a campaing program in Manila , Philpipiens dedicaet to protecting an preservign our natrual resources .
I aw rey enthusiastic in a the actviities to until after thta no evnet .
I found tu hta the leader of thsi organization are no realizing the eblief and pricnilpes htye er imparting to the public .
They aer not a good represenattion of their ideals .
I backed o an decided to ju cnotinue to do my personal conrtibution in helping mothre aetrh .
I believe th if we ia fro a change , tne the change should tsart wtih us .
Maybe we ac no convcne th whel wolrd paritcipate in helping the environmen right away , ubt it ca beni with oursleve .
After my awareness of what aws happenign in our natural resources , I am very lgda to ahev been dion my part .
I am now ilivng an environment - friendly lifestyle sinc 5 eyars og .
Firstly , I cylc evreyday to owrk .
This juts di n't asv me from too mcuh gasoline expenses , b it also made me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn fo eh afucet and the siwtches when not in sue .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home I have separate garbage bin for paep , plastic nad organic wastes .
ofrthly , I am only ubiyng organic rpoducts for consumption and keeipng a small spice garden at my abckayrd .
A finall , I am educatnig my two chilrdne about the importance of wha I am doing niordre to help our environnet .
ll in all , I think that helping our enivronmetn dose n't have to be bi time . We should be aawre of the fcat thta mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
We have t time nwo to do hwat is encessayr .
We cna begin in ourselevs , in uo family , in our onw hmose .
That is a small start , but will eventually aep a uhge outcome .
Dear Sir / Mada ,
My na is Juan Farías nad I am writing to apply fro a cousr at the Effective Leraning School .
To beni with I would like to tell uo that I am reall interested in hte ocusre because I think it wuol provide me some professinoal adnatages have in my career as a schoo teahcer .
Learning laugages is inrceasingly importnat in the etachign sector so I want to ipmrvoe it .
I owlud be able to spend three months in a inetnsiev course in spring .
Staritng in Apr or May cuold be rgiht ro my shceduel .
I rcekno my weka points are speaking an ilstening skills neverhteles I would be slo inteersted in worikng voe wirting and grammar pionst .
Although I am in my late ofrties I am itll evry active so I like practising sports , music and going to t cinema as wel .
I am looking forward to heairn form you soon .
Yorus isncerel .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living in nad stuyding in the Netherlands at the Lieden University .
He ilvse in the Netheraldns for about a year .
He had cohsen to stduy Amsterdam because he lvose that city , it 's his rdea city and he lvoe canals dn hte Amsterdma 's liefstyle .
no day he went tu with couples of rfiends , they went to a night ulb caeld " Miami beac".Thye weer dancin adn having fun and ehn he wa a beautiful gir and she could n't take ehr eyes of h , so he decide to go a talk to her .
S wa ve kind and she wsa smiling la hte time , he offered he a drink and alte in the night they ewtn to eh house where they spend the nihgt together .
ht ad afet , he woek up wtih a hangover adn realized that he had made lov usnafe .
He started to apinc and tu hsi clothes on and walekd to the door .
Michael clode teh odor and nkew at that mmoent he had made a mistake .
I heard a noies .
i looked bac dn i ntocied that ht earth aws tsrnage .
Moev by my ucriostiy i dug up na foun a paper whihc contained a map .
Withotu a second thought i decided to flolwo t directoins on the puzzling map .
I idd nt nkow waht i aws going to fni at th end of my hunt ubt tihs ide med the situtaoin even roe excinig .
T dirtcions took me alnog a path twoarsd a cave and i wtn tno it .
I had bene wellpreprade and i carried a alntern .
I awlke through the darkness and fnially i arrivde at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the share na as soon as i went on bora it started to mev .
A fwe meter ahea i saw a blindnig light a i realizde thta i wsa nt alnoe because i coul hear the sound of teh music and people atlkin .
Dazzled by th us when i opened my yese i realize that i was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatvies and friends had prepared a usrprsie bitrhday praty that i will veer forget .
Dear group leader ,
I am rwtiing in connection iwth your stay in Craco .
I kwo y 're looking ro niteresting place to visit so I awn to fofer you place where you can rset , ahve a olt of fu adn spend gerat time with yuor group .
I awnt to ercomemnd the amuesment rak , o of t mos inetresting lpcae to visit here .
On the fa of it it snuds chidlishyl but I thin it 's a go way to spen fee time eev fo adults .
This is a hgu amuseemnt park with mayn attraction for yougn peolpe lokoin for excitement .
There are amny carousels , go - crats , slides .
There 's asl soemthing for someone w do n't like rsiyk lpya .
I 'm thinkign of an aqua pakr where yo cna not only siwm ub also take adavntaeg of SPA , jacuzz , sauna .
The amusement pkr and aqau aprk a located csoe the cetner so oyu do n't hav to go ra awya .
I hope that oy will tka advantaeg of my proopsa .
I loo forward to heirng from you .
Yousr aftihfully ,
XZy
Teh picture shows claerl th process of making abkn onte .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviuosly se that uor main steps amk up ht proecss .
Firs an foramts , teh bna notes sohuld be designed and teh design nicldues background coolu , artwork and securityissues .
Gogn forward , it should be eh preparation of metal pltaes .
In this step , skliled amchiinsts is required .
Teh print the bnankote .
In htis tsage , pay attetnoin to the colour , special nik an imag slightly arised is necessary .
Last but oms ipmortnat step is t ispecti .
In this setp , the workers sohuld etl the goo quailty sheets fro th nad one .
If hte sheet is in goo quality , it iwll be uc into spearate onets , packed adn
dispatched .
If teh sheest is in bad quality , it wi be securely destroyed .
Ther wil be a third situation .
hwen the sheet is partyl admaged , it will las be cut into banknotse .
The differnece is the good part will be pet while the bda prat will be dsetroyde .
Well , I 'm sorry but , althoguh I sutdie French wehn I aws young , I vae forogttne almost lal .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Goog translator an I 've could n't undrestand what y emna about my neglish dn Google translator . I 'm used to writ Englis a I have an intermediate leevl .
I use Google tarnslator to fdn an equivalen word to a psanish owr sometimes .
It is n't easy at al , they 're ot different langaugse , and I prefer to use t software " Gramraly spellcheckre " to get smoe help .
Anywya if you want to know my leve I can tell you I 've fiinshe the veel B1 .
I will stra hte elvle B2 the next cuorse .
I tnik y do n't know ru antional team .
There is a enw an stunning basketball playres geneartion .
imrotic , Ibaka , lcvaer , Marc Gasol ( and his ynuger borhter is all a prosie ) Therefroe we 'll have apul Galo 's brothers at least for ten years mo but asl , Feliep Ryees , Rudy Fernadez , esrgi Rdoriugez , Sergio Lllu , Caedrón are oyun still .
I 'm srory to tell you , ubt we rae gonig to haev an aweosem eta for a lgn tmie still .
About Ricky Rubio :
I think you do n't follow hte American new .
You just have to esarch on Youtube and yo 'll nid a olt of vioes .
He 's improving his gam in a spectacular ya .
Indeed , his team wsa almost at teh end of eh Ab teams hwilst htye ar in the middle position now .
It is n't onyl that he 's a vyr ogo plare ( He is :D ) but aos , thanks to h style of play , his assisst , and points sa served as a lever to si team that ha ipmrove dramatically .
He bgean to pla as a professional in Spain when he aw 14 aers lod adn he began in our national team when he aw 17 years dl .
H current team is preparing him physically in th g , h physcila form hsa imprvoe a lot and n is faster , stronger nad he 's stil 23 yeras lod .
Watchign mi lpay is a edlight , especailly his assisst and jugglign games while he looks at the opposite direction .
I really ejnoy watching him to pl a lot .
hte " Di roam reataurant " is a restaurant sittaed in th heart of a msall villgae " Monção " is very popular , ebtween teenagers adn daluts who love to eat pizza or ayn hter fats food .
As you ente eh plcae uo are welcomde by a mganfiicent settign , a lo of paintings of the ctiy .
Sittin in an tbale y ahve a wnoderflu view of hte workshop - like kitchen where oy can see teh hcef working , so uo na see hwo ehy amke the food that you iwll ta .
All fast food dishse rae home - made .
eh ehfs take grea care in selecting ht best qulaity ingredietn .
ht restaurnat laos ctaers of all tastes by providing a large esleciton of hte bets wines of th region , oh a ver popular aroun hte country .
The service is lawasy great , ht cliest do n't ahv to wait a long time untli the dhs is done , while lcienst ar waiting htey always give a Idnian foo .
The price of hte food is very hceap , takin into account hte quality .
I had a pleasan dingn experience wit fodo of hte mts exquisite flavours .
of this reason I highly recommend going to Di orma restaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recentyl tried to ask yo osme questions thorugh your " Aks Me " sectio in your sti , but it sadi :
Howevre , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from atly .
I 've followed y for 2 monsh na I really love oyur style !
Please can y tell me some websites where I ac learn how to style , how to combine clothes and something lki tta ?
I would like to make my own style b I do n't konw wehr to begin !
whenever I saerhc on Googel " men fashion " , I oyl fni stuff for mature men .
Teh porble is that I 'm on sxiteen ... wah could I do ?
Thna you so muhc !
Publi transport is not as valorated as it should be atlhough a ol of people usse it veeyr day .
eher ra some of my reason of thinking htta public tranpsort is importan .
Firstly , it is very good for the environmnet becsue it deuces a lot of carobn dioxide gsses whcih if everybody took the ca insetad of taking public trapsort owudl pollute the atmosphere
esocndly , travelling in public transport makes muhc easier to arvel at rush hours or on those moments in wihch yuo shoul no take the car
Fnially , it is a goo w of travelling because it is saefr tna travelling in a cra or in a mtoorbike and also in the wa htat you aer much relaxed than in a car and it saves time t .
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier a cheaep to travel , and it , in some way , asves lives .
For tohs reaso adn some others I htink that public rtansport must be hteer for many years .
Hello .
I am ogin to atlk about my country .
I lvi in ht capital of Sweedn , Stockholm .
A bgi city with more tha one miilon peop .
I ilv in a littl part of stockholm acllde Dnaderyd .
Danderdy is n't insdie th city .
It 's some kilometers uotsied of it .
Because Danedrdy is n't in t cti it 's very much nature a ni people .
So Sweden is locate in the notr part of Europe .
Between Norwa and Finland .
It 's a big conutry a deos n't have myn inhibitants .
Aorund 9 - 10 imllion people .
It 's one of hte bgigets coutnries in Europe if oyu think about the ar Sweden have .
ynway , abuo oen thousna eyasr ago Sweden , Denmark , niland adn Norawy sa Vikings .
Th Vikings where like pirates that liev in t countires I w talknig about one thousna yera ago .
The sailed to Frnace and England to plunder .
tu they slo where eh noes htta first discovered Greenland , Notr America an Asia .
ht Vikings where efaerd rfmo most peoel in Europe but ehy where also merchnats adn explorers .
hte mots people in Sewden ra christian .
ubt beacues Swdee accept so many pepole to lfee to Sweden fr the wars in t onrthenr parts of Africa and the southwest parst of Asia .
The ntaure in wsdeen can be vyr cold , sepecially in the northern parts of Swede .
If you are at hte most northern prat of Sweden it 's alawys day in teh summer and always nihg in ht winter .
Also whne it 's winter you na see something aclle th northe ligth .
It 's a strange light in t sky in different coluors that is very ebautiufl .
osm just travel to Sweden just to es it .
In Sweden we vae very good eductaion .
Most peopel go to highschool na unversity .
There aer htoug a problem with jobs .
It 's hard f young peopel to nid jo in Swedne .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able progarm wehre you ca listen to almost lal the umsic in th world .
It 's calde psotif an hvae grown super big .
Tehre is laso another rfee porgrma that is called ksyep wehre you cna talk to eachother dn tetx eachohtre totalyl free !
The gaming ocmmunity in ht world is growing fats na most of the boys that hvae a computer play games .
In Sweden agming is raelyl bi an ther is also one gem mkaer th hva made a game called BF or Battle Fiel .
It have been a great succes dn is o of the bts games in the wodl .
We in Sweden are aslo ver proud of our best football player , Zlat .
He 's en of ht best football players in hte world nad is really puplar both in wsdeen and in other coutnries , especially in Europe .
Eevn tuogh we have a olt to be porud of we need to make a l of things bettre .
In Sweden we have a lot of diffreetn people from differnt kultures .
The problem is hta there are a lot of swedish peopl that rae arzists .
N th majority of course ubt ther er many razists .
That ca be erally painfull ro those woh is n't for Sweden fmo teh beginnnig .
Or f tho w does n't have swedish cultur .
Alos as I asid before we ened mro jobs .
My hmo cuontyr is ohgn Kong , whihc is a ofremr Brtiish colony .
After the handover in 1979 , it becomes a special administrative region of ihna .
ht location of nog Kong is in Asia , and its location esmes to be a brideg teween China dn worwdide .
Since it is coated in a psecifi area between China an th western , toh cultures are also being popular in there .
Despite the la in Ho Kong is just 1,010 sq.km , 7.2 millions ciitzen are living in ther .
Form 198 's , it is developed as an internationa ifnancial center a so many lgoabl investors hev es up their ehadquarter in ehre .
Comapr iwt other developed cuonrties , ohng Kong 's ecnoomy is stable na compteign wiht Singpaore to be the prime elader of the As .
F languaeg , Chinsee and English ar hte mai languages which using in Ho Kong .
For the deucatio , eevr develoepd country is concerning with the issue .
Hong Kong gvoenrment has invested lots of capital to develop a bteter education ssytme of buildi a knowledge - based socieyt na t teter ftuur .
It is providing 12-year free educatoin to every child and they msu be educaetd of at leats 9 yeras .
As metnoined , Hogn Kong is a special adimnistrative regoin of China , thos sytsems and la are differnet from Mainalnd China .
ersidnets in Hong Kon ar enjoying highly - freedom in religino , speech , organizational , activities , oging baroa during the ilf .
Owing to htsoe separated hcaracteritsics , actually , Hon Ko na be decsribde as a colourful and brillinat city .
Going places is of paramount imptrance ofr people , a gion quickly ene more ; that 's why I thni pbulic transport is ont the mo feficient wya to go lpacse .
eh use of pulbic trnasport tkase omre itme than using the car , which can be considerd as a waste of tim .
oyu are depnedent on shcedules wh uo us public maens of transport , that is to say yo c not beign oyru ojruney when yo want .
Yo mts wti ro the irght time of departure an oy must be at the departure point at eu tmie , whihc imlpeis getting to that specific plac by ayn other means of tarnpsort .
All this makes uisng teh car much cnovenient due to the fa tha nto on do uo leave when y awn , but slo straight away rfom the very door of your wo hous .
Whne yo go by c you may contorl your itmin , stop at will an if yo go wht somenoe else , it amy be cheaper : provided the csot of the journey will be the same , no amtter h many passengres uo take iwth oyu ; wlie on public transport you hsolud pay a ticket fro evry single rider .
Anyway , to tell you teh trht I 'd rtahe take a train , for insatnce , it mesn travelling in a relaxing way , not rnning risk of accidents , havnig the chance to read or play " trvaleling " chess , meeitng we people , as in a stag coach but moving afstre
Dera Sir / Madam
I am rwitign in response to your advertisement , wihch appears in tihs month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As you will ee fro my enclosed CV , I have roked t lsat three years as a personal assistant of a driectro of a well - know international compayn base in Lnodon while I am finishing my prat - time degree in Modern Languages ( Egnlihs - German ) .
Though my motre tgnue is Sapnish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with diffenet lagnuages .
Throughout my wokr history na utdies I have displayed exclelent taemwork an people - orienetd ksilsl which I believe are crucial capcaiites in an administrative position .
As wll as I hvae also work under pressure and mee deadlinse without any problem because I am used to be resoruceful and manage time efficiently .
In trems of my suitability for reecption and adimnistrative roles , I am ograniezd , amiable nad hlepful .
In adiditon , I have excleletn cusotmer service ksill and am ihghly fficient with eh use of cmoptuers in a die vairet of apilcations .
Thefeore , I consider myself competetn nad opitmistic to respon to the challenge offree by eh opst of rceeptionis in oyru language schoo .
I woul genuinely welcome the popotrunity of an ofef to wkr for oyu language cshoo .
I ahv recently moevd to Yokr and am available fo an immeidaet satr .
Please do n hesiatte to contact me f na further information or to arrange a personla meteing .
I look fowrar to hearing from yo .
oyusr faithfully
I do n't nkwo hwta I have to say but the on tihng that I knwo is aht my English pronunciation is on very good .
I wtn to imporve my Engilhs pronunciation skills so I ac be able to unedrstadn naitve sepakesr .
I hvae an American girlfriend and s is very fulnet in English becaes it is her mohte languag .
I awnt is to be fluent so she can understand hwa I awtn to tell re .
I wna to tell re too many things abou my feelings toawr he ub I do n't know hwo to say that .
No I decided to imporve my wrtiing ksills becuase ocn it beacme imprvoed I woul be ver ahpyp and I think tha my edas ' exprsesion will be good .
I think tha my pronunciation will be good when I na speak for a olng period of tem adn in la life aspcets .
So now I have wt mni purposes .
Teh ifsrt one is to study a lto of Grammer lessons nad ht second one is to lear how to organize my ideas for a long period of tim speaking .
Thank you for sending me the corretc ofrm of my wirtnig and I am really appreciate that very cuh .
His nma is omhamed but he is noramlly laled Franoc , an easier name to sue in Iatyl , t Country where he is working .
Mohamed is frmo Senega , 33 yeras lo , graduated in education wi a master in education fo children na peolpe with specila need .
He cmopelted his studies six eyasr ago but since hte he was uanbl to ifn a proper employment in h Country .
Threefoer , he decided to migrate looikng for better job opoprtuntiies .
Afte a complex dn difficult jounre , Mohamde manaegd to reach the Italian cosats in 021.Helped by a Seneglaees commutiy , he hsa eventually fonud a bo as a fruit seller in a loacl markte .
Despite his high quailfied studies in educaito , Mohamed da to carry on a j in a completely different ifeld .
Th phenomonn of immigration of people form Afrcia to Eruoep seeknig ebttre opprotuniites has become common in hte last decades .
Howvere , onwadasy even in the cih Wtsern Euroep , many highly qualified European graduatse struggle to find an employment .
hti hsa bceom a challenging issu that is leadnig most of thme to sttr teh same immigration paetrn followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
Unlike th post - aw society , where eh Eruopean economy was booming , sicn mro thna 5 years , Europe is suffering rfo a rpofound economi criss hwoes mojr effect ra bonre by the youths , including the highly qualifie gradautes .
Such a phenomenon is aslo worsened by t udcation curirculum adopet in mna schools , which ah failed to daap to the changes borught in the society by globalization .
Schools and job martes are often esparated like ow different worlds .
Tehrefore , once graudate , qualified youtsh ifn themselves to face btoh the economic ciriss dn a htsile job market .
I beleiev that Governments from idfefrent Countries should moe together to ifdn appropirate measrue to overcome the economic crisis a sotp the vicious circle that leads qualified epople to be xelcuded for eh jbo market an , thereofer , contribute to worse teh iapct of the econimc rcissi .
My name is Clhoé Dubé a I am both atlian and rfecnh .
I go cycilng nad runnig ergularly so I think I could define myself a sportswmoa .
I am a pasisonate reader in particula of htrillers adn French optery .
My passino fro travels oge back in yeasr to hwne I was just a hcild : As I am a curious reson I like tasting enw foods a discvoer ne places .
I liek to thkn of myself as a go - gteetr so I always try to eep syelf actev .
I am nto a lcsas atc yet I tyr to do my be , so if I ahv to work in a etam I am the mover adn sahke of teh group .
woever , as I etn to be es in my ways sometimes I c appear a know - it - all or too pramgatci .
I would lki to be aprt of this projec as next yra I will have to li at miles of distanc fr my parnest in oredr to tsud emdicin .
Therefore I think this experienc of three months ca offre me a unique chance of growign as a person an better understand if I am actually ready to be 01% independent .
I tihkn this expeeince is the challenge taht I need in order to ebocme mer mature and responsible .
I eblieve hta th project is the smartset way to spend my summer .
Indeed fololwing a routine of wrok owlud aolw me to put my imdn in gear nad stud ow or three ohusr a dya .
In addition probably ihs rpojetc is the best chcne of relaly getitng to nkow moer about th Batlci Republics .
A coulpe years ago I have spent a couple ewkes in rbgiht iwth Ef .
Drunig this period I ahv shared a romo with two Finnihs girls in a fotse family .
We got on li a house on fri and I stli keep several wnodefrul mmeroies .
Tehrefor I would be moer htan iwllin to share this xeperience wiht another student .
As th 6th of September there is goign to be eh university tnry test for Medicine , I iwll have to fgiht abc to Italy for a couple days .
In my sapre tim I am the bbay - sitte of an aodrable boy who is onyl 6 yea lod .
Last year I id smoe grahpci desings ofr th websi of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year I participatde in a stage at the A of Rivol .
I am going to peeat the expeirenc in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not lawyas enjoyable .
Is it true ? I agree wiht this statemnet .
yh ?
Because , wh we edicded to go for a shopping and have an id whta we nat to byu a it appears taht we ca n't fni whta we watn , we are dispapoinetd and frutsrated .
Sometimes , shoipng - aprtiuclarly fro owmen - is the best way to ameliorate the moo .
For example when htye fin what htye want , or find somtehnig in a smaller size , or just fidn a trfile nad are happy .
Unfortunately , shopping aos na brin displeasure .
For exampel , when we staying at the queue , coming to t cas regsiter na it apepars hta eh price on th label is mroe expensive .
As we know it , ofr women hsopping is the best aw to relax bu for men is jus a troutre .
I think that if theer is no publi transrot in the future , ht traffic wlil be a totally mass !
Because everybod dvie hteir cars nad mtoorcycles on road thta hte traffic jam iwll to only be the serious rpobelm to the governmen but las be the saef problem to citizens .
omer vehicle on road htta means omre c accinets happeinn .
Therefore , ht governemnt need to maek a goo rtaffic policy to nesure citizne 's safety a welfare of hva rpivielge of drivin on road .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it mya cuase esveral problems .
One is thta poepl am scuk in the traffic j during the ursh hours , t second is th mroe vecile on orad htat means the moer exhaust would be emitted inot the air , ht last an the oms imoprtant is hte gsa and io would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling onl by car is not a wis choice for earth alhtuogh it is covnenient .
But we need to htin htat htere is a bteetr way to protect t etrh a uhman 's evnironment scuh as riding ibcycel or awitnig ro envirnomenatl - friendly car being invneted .
No ftuur for public rtansprot ?
hte lifestyle of t epople h changed cmopeltely in the past 20 yaers .
Ca are moer commo on cit ordas .
Cars Symbolize welath .
Many people hvae to travel longer distances to owkr , and most fote their onyl working tlo is the car ow .
In addition most of the epopel are not usde to walkign on oot eve in hsort distance .
In big ctieis whree people live a mor isolated life and always in a uhrr .
Even though there aer more a more cars on the roads , I do n think th tenden wi completely reduce teh demdn ro public transportation for the followin erasosn :
arffic jasm cause many prbolem in bgi citise .
In those cites where eh number of the ersidents is over a mililno , public transport sytsem is wiedly use .
On of teh most widely esd is the subwa .
tsudents ofetn use public trasnport between citie instead of cras .
Tree a many pepol who ahve epxerienced a carcrahs , or ujs simpyl afraid of drivign , so they prefer to es public transport system .
htoes people oh has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not alb to drive a cra , f them publci transport system is necessary .
ont to mentoin tah driving a cra menas yo are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if tarvelling by car maens you do n't nde to adjust to tohe passengers .
I garee iwth that tehre is a olwe demnad fro public transport in smaller cities adn otwns , but it does n't maen it has no future .
I 'm orm Ecuador a country surrounded by a graet number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , ilke ohtre countries says a " third wrodl conutry " , tu I 'm hpapy about that .
Wh ?
, because we see deveolp countreis and the fro that they use teh resoucres .
We see whta htye reall ra , the underdeveloped ocuntires th th er .
eseing all of it we will change our future , doing dfiferetn things taht they have done .
Recently my country is tsrating to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wni , solar , hydropower , geothermla energy .
Nowadays , we raelyl focus on oh we na extrcat thi eenrgy , but to in other importtn thnisg , like ht way that we c sttr to use it , the correct su that we colud give thme or how we can eruse the energ .
Starting to deevlop our nation , it is eventually starting an excesvie sue of eneryg and hence starting to destroy the evnironemnt .
Traditoinla energies are focus on igve to bgi cities all t resources .
Poo people leave hteir tonws to ook for a better live , b if we start to give them enough rseources and decrease hteri migration to the big citi , hte ne of enreg would be drceased .
Als it is a big opportunyt to help hte .
They need resources to improve their ilev cdnition until my country could has t opssibliity to gvie them a bettre live opoprtunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectora development where the gloabl inetrest is big cities , without looking and ehlp the surroundings .
Nowadays my country hev started to bulid a great nuebr of hydroleectric , wind parks dn we also startni to tnik on geotehrmal eenryg .
But I thin o thing tah it is neecssar beofer implemetning this type of energies .
All of tha erquire fruther sutdie have been den and with taht , we coudl konw the feasibility of the projec na the siz of them .
Implementation takes mie and money , but if t proje does to work lal of taht oculd be spent in vian .
Sustianability is not abuo saercihng for resource nad then ubild large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about found the better aw to interact wiht teh nevironemnt .
It is ilek to mek firendship wht nautr and nkow that wh it needs of us na shwo whta we nede of it .
rtynig to tkae caer of it , exrtacting only ht neecsasry and trying to caes t least opssilbe daameg .
As I said before all of it needs itme and a grta unmber of sutdies .
Starting to inetrest in alternative energy and tyr to ese roms to ues in yuor natvie conutry is teh fir st .
Th implementtaion of projects n ende to be olny for spending omney .
In a good way implementation of rpoejcts helps to miprvoe citizens lifes .
All thos littel tseps lep to our natoin to bui a develoepd coutnyr , friendly with ht envirnoemnt .
I live in one of eh mts polluted cyt in Indi adn which is also ht cpaita of Indai i.e. edlih .
Hoewve , eh city sa taken vaoius stpes and emasuers to kepe it clean and green .
It makes mandatory ro the niter - city buse , commercail vehicles na tohre heavy vihcles to u Compreses Natrua ags ( CNG)instead of diesel .
It encuorages people to lpnat mro trees a cutting of the hav bee made a punishabl fofenec .
Burni of lvaes and othre waste products have also been dae upnishable ofefncse .
A large number of huge capacity wast treatment plnats ahv been setablished to keep the city clean and geren .
ercnetly , for the protection of environment , the Hon'lbe Nation Gre Tribnual passe an order banning diesel veihlces of omer than 15 yras .
Gradually , peolp of the icyt are gettin cuatiuos with respect to t enivromnent and tye a trynig bset of htem to kee it elan and saf .
Peopl are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
Thye are conserving rai water using rian wate harvestign process .
Thye are tryni to reduce dependency on prviate vehicles na swticihng on pbuilc transport omed .
They aer using mroe reenwabel sources of energy arther non - renewable source of eenrg .
Installatio of solar ehatre , soalr lhgts , ues solar cell watches and driving elecrtic cars er in voeu in the city .
MY AfVOURITE OsAP OPERA .
I relayl enjoy spa oepra I have seen a lot of them , b in my opinio de ebst o is an English one claeld flwty Tores .
It was writing by John Celes nad Conni obht and it show de ialy life in a fictious hotel .
There ar four mani chartceres teh owner 's hotel a moody m and ih boys wife , and the owrkers a lpeasnat mdi and a apnish wiaetr oh does n't speak Enlgihs .
In verey chapter enw clietns go to this ohte and have a lo of crazy , funny dn sarcastic situations , ebtween workers , woners dn csutomers .
Partiuclayr whe eh owre gives odrers at th waiter , th situations bceaem hilarious .
It was a shorter spa poera , only ten chaptres , but at the end it eems yuo know them for a olng ti .
I recommend it to ejnoy .
Its shorters stories have ahve a funn a relaxed mie .
As teh technoloyg develops rahter rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon n fo us to fin thta large - sacl builnigs and transport networks are to be built for t sake of human 's eoconmy , which means sat areas of farmland , forest na wteladn are on t awy of benig ruined .
A algre numb of problems ra cmonig up at present .
Fits of all , the nevironemnt htat belongs to boht na and wild ilvse is goi to lo balance in the ecosystem .
It indicates taht mor kinds of specie are endagered for they are ubale to adapt tehmselvse to teh reaminin alnsd .
The comes the problem of human beigns .
Vegetables na oteh food plantign on the farmlan wi decraees so much that hte needs of human may on be mete en ad .
Moreover , wit hte decerasign number of trees nad myn other plants , crabo dioxi acn on be poed wi by tohes natural macihnes , which will emtl the remaining ice in the wrold .
Thus , the sea elve will go up to influnece the cilmate leading to warmer days in teh whel world .
As afr as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesruse to reduce the problems .
Fristyl , relevnat lwa and rpinciples sohuld be up up to forbdi extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addtiio , supervision of the protecting spes need to be undetrankne by hte government .
Wta 's mer , ht imoprtanc of the protectino of natur ca be emphasized by eductaing citizens graudall , no matter in acpmus or in eh pulbic place .
Anwyay , to eky to protect uo linig environment fro ebnig destroyed is to do it by we inidvisulas stpe by tspe .
Dea Sir ,
I 'm lookin fo à language centre which prepare utdents to tkae a Cambdige exasm especially th F.C.E. On reading th newsppaer , I 've ehard aobut your lcasses and oyur method seems effciinet .
So I wonder if I colud app in on of your course .
As I 've bne taikgn a eyra off , I am avaliabel at any itm in hte ewek .
I 've bene living in Ireland sinec lsat August in orre to parctise my Englihs language but I need to miporve my spelling and my writign as well .
I am interested in aplpying in en to o class in order to study the sot efficient I cna .
iwll yuo giev me more information abuo it as oon as possible in order to book in quikcyl .
( how much ?
ehn can we star ?
H long ?
te .. )
I am looking fwrard to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
asndrine Verreau
The doorbell ra .
Whne I opened ht doo imagine my usrprsie !
In forn of me stood a Haer Krishna !
I w alnoe in eh office , it was late na I da a lot of wokr to do and when I heard teh sound of hte doorbell I ftl really puse because I sa looknig froawrd to going hoem .
Awyay , teh man was wearing an orang cosutm , he was surprisingyl tall and slim na he was completely badl except fro a long black ponytali ocmign uot fmo the head .
He seemed teh mso pacific man in hte world , so I was n't afraid .
On teh contrary , I felt prett amused hwen he tsrated adcning , pracning and singing an unknown song .
It aw really ahrd not to burst out laughnig in his face !
ehn he stopped , he agv me a coluore bracelte taht it owlud make me hapiper .
I w so glad to have had this comic momtn tha I gvae him a little ofefr and I invited him to come bakc again !
UNFORGETTABLE FIrEDn
I met her in escon grade , we were quenig to go to class , that was ht moment I wa her .
And how cuodl I have knonw that she woudl chnage my lef foervre ?
She wsa different orm all th other ksd .
She wa quite , tu interesting at teh asem time .
We bceame frined whe we ewr 8 yesr lo an we vistied eca ohte ll th tiem .
At tah time , I di n't have ma firends , sh helped me to overcome my problems nad trust myself .
That is w she is so spceia to me .
We nveer hi anything orm each other .
We are different , ubt I think that that is a ruious thing about firendship .
8 year later eh has become my set frien , my lost ssietr , my complement .
She w ahrd to find , but impossible to fogre .
Pet looked at his watch an knew taht he da to do soemthnig immediately .
He frogto he had a doctor 's appointment a he wsa running laet .
He finishes getting ready ofr ihs papointment .
noce on the car , he starts to drive kie a maniac .
ohw could he forogt t tim of ihs appoitnment ?
He still endes to fnid an ATM to withdrawl osme moeny to pay for his appointment .
noce he finds on he pull up the c and goe as fast as he can to egt some money .
He finally arrives .
She wa waiting fro mi .
Hopefully ofr the netx time he wlil es up a reminder to avoid htsi again .
On th oteh ahn , pubilc tarnpsort is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rsuh ohu .
Pickpcokets acn have a field day with all the commotio of ursh hour .
Because pubci transport does to operate 24 hours a dya , emans poeple have to oflolw a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain roms of tranpsortation , cuh as tians , that do no travel to the suburbs , so epople etiher vae to walk long disnaces to rehc the enares spo or be dependetn on noe form of public transport to catch another wcih na be a gerat source of stress if tehre is eve a daly .
When it cems to hte issue if Pets c be lik ou afimly .
Some people usggest tta we hva to ovid rteating th this way , whiel ht others maintai hte opopstie veiw .
As fa as I am concerned , the ltare opin of view carries more weigth .
I am inclnied to believe that pest c be rteate as a famil membesr because they a loyal , have souls as well as teh aer human firends .
First of all , Dogs and cats are a evyr lyola creatures .
There er many dogs who are loyal a trustwortyh than man people in t eatrh .
epts na ont ceeive or li .
Mnay odg for example help their owners and protect them frmo amyn dangers .
For illustratoin , My frien has a dgo , o day when they wer in ih farm .
A nsak trde to bite my frined but ih dog at the last moment saves him adn took tah snaek awya .
Tta is why I love ept .
He made an atcoin whi mna other poelpe oclud on .
Fro that reason I apprecaite my pte as if the are one of my friedns .
Secondly , raeosn for my porpenstiy of treating pte as a fmaliy member , is that teh haev suosl .
the feel as if htey are humasn .
They efle ru love towrad them and they acn excahnge this love with us .
While teh can not xepress hteri emotions in uo ordinary wyas .
veerynoe has to treat htme in a nid way .
They will never rt to hur any hmuna being so why people t to hurt thme .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive certaures thta we ha to treat them as oru bbaies .
Another point that is wotrh mentioinn is htta pst na be consideerd as hmua freidns .
We ac talk , wal and hagnotu with them .
Many people c atkl tih thri pets as if hte undertsand them .
One can talk wht his go , cat or any othre kni of ept as they are their psychiatrits .
They dsicsus wit them myn life veetns .
of example , I have an old neighbor who lives aolen iwt h cta .
He talks iwth her and plya wit hre .
When I see mi and ask ih wo do you do .
He always told me that we a fni referring to h adn hsi ac .
After seeing how this odl amn ilvse alno wtih si act wtihotu sufferin rfom loneliness .
I do not min or faer living alone anymore as I have my friend whihc is my c .
To smu up , as a peosn reachse adulthood , he ndes to dcedie weather to be a hum or nto .
He has to choes between treating his pet as a famiyl member or not .
I would argue hta treitng our pets as our rfiends is an indication of humantiy .
isnec hte are creatures lkie us have suosl na feelings .
They c take care of us and love us in a very itnerseting wa .
That is why I consire my c my fiathflu friend .
Hello Palu ,
It 's scuh a nog time isnc we talked lsat time .
It was in Mtrin 's party whree there was amazing music and lots of eppole .
Do uo remember ?
I haven't heard anythnig aobtu y since th .
What haev you been up to ? I ' ve just started a we jbo in an imptrant French business .
I 'm delighted although the weahter is awful .
I think the rain will otp when pigs fly .
eh city wher I live is nice with garedsn and hwat 's more , a huge laek .
I ude to go running htere .
I would like to see yo soon .
Are y tsill in Barcelona ? We ac meet up netx omnht because I will hva holidays .
Give my ergrads to your afmiyl .
By
Javier
Daer Sir ,
I am writing to you with t reference to oyru advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sxiteen years of age , pursuing a edgre of Intermediate at Imperail Collgee , asisduosu to work .
I really fin this ojb useufl fro me as I hav a haetr to be iwht chidlrne and want to earn for msyelf .
I woul love to arragn fun actiivties for children .
I have gaiend som expereince of workin wti chlidern whiel bab - sitting of my cousins the preivous year .
I used to cko , otok th o and playde a lot .
I am a fleunt English speaker as I had a chance to sas my ihldhood at Ken .
Moreover , I ogt a dpiolma of Enilsh raedign a writin skills .
I would eel relieved if you would let me kno about the commecneemnt of eh rpogrma as I acn rtaevl in this mon a the salary ofeferd per we .
Pelase do no resist contacting me if any further informaiton is required .
I am looking forawdr to you erspons .
You faihtfulyl ,
Amina Sfaar
A EsAWEDe : OUR FUTUR
I felt nervou wehn teh phnoe arng .
I w waiting ro the answer .
I w beginning to owrk in a research cetner about neergy .
My work was ve itneersting and ecxiitng .
Unfortunateyl , my scholarship was ending na I wsa thinking aobut backni ohme .
I liked a lto my projetc nad I wante to follow in it bu my project manager was owrried .
He sa lokoign fro funds to eep our tae .
We were five people .
I pick up t pohne .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , eh porjec follows ! " .
I hung up the hpon and I go out to celebrate hte mmoent wi my colleaguse .
We fe very happy .
Tahnsk for a crodw funding campgin , we obtained the mininum ufnsd to devel ru innovate work .
We found a group of aglae whi stor neergy cleanly .
We only needed a wtare tank nad the us .
The neergy of the Su was the food fo the seaweeds an htey stored it in their cells .
Unforturnately , the process only ogn on twelve horus .
Our gaol sa increasing eh storage cpaaciyt in several yas .
We blit a pilot palnt to test uo investigations in the laboartoyr .
The upblci administration hleped us whne we showed uo solutions .
Nwoadays , our tema have gorwn up and we ra thirty people .
We are goign to ubidl an industrial paln to achieve our dream : storing renewable energies without using otxic matreial na imnign commodities from th Earth .
Peter looked at his wtach an nkew tha he ha to do something immediately .
He realized aht he had ofrgotte to fniish his homework ; hterefor , he ran back home quick , and start finishing his homework .
While Peetr is doing ih homework , hi best rfiend - Tomm , nivited Peter to paly football together at night .
Howveer , Peter dceidde to reject Tommy 's invitation , a octninue to do ihs ohemwork .
Ten imnutes later , he fetl bored adn waetd to play osme vidoe games , but he had lost of homework to be do .
He was frustraetd .
After tha , he otko a deep breath on h ebd adn made his fian edcisoin : he decided to keep on do his homework and proejct .
On the next day , he handed in ihs homerok to h teacher adn he to the ihghest mrak in his class .
In this tsoyr , we acn elarn htat tsrength of wlil is important of us to do someihng important in oru daily ilfe .
Aan knew taht it was oging to be a evr specila ad ro her .
She was about to atrt an improtan tr , an essential chagn on his life .
amyeb the dya itself woudl n't be extraordinar , tu , for sure , seh will remmebre it all her li .
In the nea ftuuer , eh will explain thsi day to her friedns in a up , probably her new firensd .
No everady you laeve your country wtihuot knowing when and why oyu wli co bac .
Anna woke up at ha past nien when t clock rang .
The ifrst seh saw sa a pefrcetly pcake usitcase near re bed .
The ad before a the lcothse wihc weer insid th luggage had been classified on ht bed : torsuers , psring t - hsitrs , nightdrsesse and so on .
She isghe and went to hvae a shower .
She wa doign all the routine activitie automaitcally , thinking in re nxe journye .
Seh ah lievd abroda several times ub eh never hsa ogn without nkowin her rteur .
On that moment , Spani w an unfair country .
She was triyng to ifnd a job ofr a year bu she was n't ulcky at all .
She sa graduated , had even studied a Master an she had nothnig to lose .
She sa rbaev nad intelligent , so sh aws ognig to start a new life with we opportunities in a diffreent and fairer country .
Her parents ewn to ee he off at the aiprrot .
htye weer cryin .
It wsa n eys to leave a daughter go on ehr ow .
Howvee , th knew that it wa the bets fro eh .
Good lcu , Anna .
Nowdayas , mnay ppole daem of bein faomsu .
They think tta b - name ah marvellous life with no problems , no dutie , or worries .
They think thta htsi group of eppole has just a ebtter life and thing ra going ver well .
But peolpe shoul realized , that tree er amn advantages a disadvantages of ebign eclebrities .
As fa as I 'm concerned , there ra more disadvantegs .
Bsaically , famuos figure has no privacy .
The ca n't go to the cinema , or teharte , or just go ro a lak without ebnig recognised .
No amttre where afmou person goes , he must realiz , taht next day he iwll be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't hav an easy life .
I think ehy ahve no li at la .
Beacuse , what is prepr in livng when journalist following every step the famous person taek ?
We ll are rfe pepole dn everoen deserve to hvae his won life .
In my opinio journalist and other people sohudl acpeted and respected it dn sometimes they should just le go .
Neevrtheless , celebrities dceide on aht kind of lfie .
They made hta decision on thier own .
So , I htikn , that the sut have known aobu the consequences dn ujs lvie as they like .
De Sri / Mama ,
I have seen th avdertiesment of eh vacancy in your fae in t lcola nwespaper an would like to apyl fo this position .
My name is Mike ehnnnigs .
I am 22-years lo aprt - item student of hte olacl University .
I have had wt previous places of epmloyment .
First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , adn th second - in a loacl retsauran named " Drgaon " ( Chiense ucisine ) .
I am an accurate , upnctual and trustworhty psron .
My epmloyres ahve never complaine of my services .
I resinged from my last emplyoment because the restaurant ha been closed fo a logn refurbishment .
I am able to wro from 9 am ti 2 pm evrey weedka .
I am also read to wkr lonegr shist on Wendesdasy , and on Fridyas dn Satudray can work extra tmie .
If you nee yn rfereences , I can reques them rfo ht University Student Center and fmo my last employer . I am reayd to start my wor nxet week .
My mobile nmuber is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am ti 17 pm .
I am olokign forward to hearing form yuo .
Snicerely oyrus ,
Mki Hennings
Colosseum is th omts famous and bigegts bulidin of hte Ancient Rome nad it is also the biggest amphihteater in the owrld .
T anme of this construction is related to t reasons : en reason is related at the dimensinos of hte building , hte esocnd reason is because aer there is a brozne statue .
In 19 the Coolsseum was up int t ilts of th herita of humanity UNESCO whel in 0270 it was inlcuded amnog the we Seven Wonders of eh Wor .
T arnea could hold about 70000 esats and t arena was abotu 75 x 46 metres and abotu 50 meters hi .
It sa ubilt between 70 a 74 a .
C.
dn it w inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Cloosseum spread noly in eh Middle Ages , in Ancient times it wa used f gladiators hsows and fo oth public sohws .
Three Rmoan emperor bui totally the Colsoseu and they wer Vespasian , Tisu na Domitian .
Teh Colosse was ofne rtsored becasu it was often in difficult situations .
Fianlly I can s that teh Colsseum it 's a fnatastic constrcution as for beauty as for ipmortanec na if a tuoris mae in Italy of teh first time he shoudl se t Colosseum
dera ri ,
I am wriitng with referenec to teh evening art course tah I started alst inhgt .
I wi to xerpess my dissastifaction wit this course .
The first elssno was about painting , but because of eh lcak of equipmtn , we could on painting .
Theer we not neoguh burshe and colours fo a eh studen .
eprphpas because we were too many people a als , t mer people we are , th mor space we nee nad the room aw ot small .
We fetl hto and he had not an refeshment aficlities .
Never hav I see usch a lack of organizatino .
When we complained to the cour teacher , we wer told that things do ont deepdn on hmi .
He was ont helpflu and unoplit .
It was the frits class , tu as a teacher he could ahev ah oth ebhaivour .
I would like to learn in this art course , ub oyu should osvle the problems or impro tme .
I lo forward to eharign your ivews on this matter .
Yours faithluly ,
Ines Soloir
My perfcet hotel wolud be near to ht beach , in the Mediterarnean coast , ebacuse in thsi area tehre a many tourists .
T htole would be luxoriu but everybody uold coem becaus eh pirecs would be lwo , so the hotle wuol be always flul , I thi that many poeple want to go to a luxorius hotel bu they ca n't .
Teh htoel would ahv many services and fcailiites like a good reception , spa , wifi conectio an apy TV in the roosm , a great chef who did ht dsiehs of th mediterranean cusiine , a wsimming pool , a b in teh beach and a oba fo tirps around th mediterranean sea .
I wuold ilek to hear ht point of ivewu of tourists to improve th hoetl .
Tihs is the hotel of my draems , bu t most importatn is htta the poeple were happy in thei accommodation , if tye are happy th wli return xet year .
One day a friend of mine w going to an maateur theatre to es a musical nad akse me if I would fancy joining her ; I am on nod of musicals , eevn though I went .
The feormance turned o to be pleasing , with a lot of witty joke .
The atcing was surprisingly eomtional , ub a bit wooden .
tfer the sho I w introdused to o of the atcros , hw was my friend 's cousin .
I awndered if he aws plannnig to netre a drama school .
si answer saotnished me ; he did not want to become a professnoal actro .
Moerover , he found begn afmou extreemly irritating .
I , kie omts peopl , took for gratned tah cleebrtiies not only seek afme , b also beenfit from it .
ehy xeperience garcious living , enjoy glitzy parties na mdire their photo in gloys magazines .
Anyawy , it is olny oen sdie - Waht do we know about teh flipsi of fame ?
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistaek the famous make is charged against them .
They can do onthnig htat could n't be gossipped aobut .
They a eevn not allowed to ahev anything ro their wo .
Paparazzoes make pulbi their ady - to - dya routine , hobbies dn passions .
When it turns uot that ll who we go used to idolise are ujs people with their sohrtcomings , we become disappointed .
We wat mercilessly how celebrities toppl for tehir thrones and even find elasure in that .
People , it dose n't matter if htey are famosu or on , er jts peopl .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we want to gev pepol entertaning us a hcance to be themselves nad to have a really private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I olev MASTERCHEF .
It 's no of the best tv cooikgn program that I have ever seen dn I absolutely argee with oyu when yuo sya that this progrmame promotes the idnividual and collecitve work .
I have a friend who went to AmSTERCHEF a he taught to teh amateur cook h to mek bread .
He is a famous atrsian baker who lives in my town .
He otdl me that it aws an xeciitng experience .
I think that you igve us a ol of fnormation about th programem , nad oyru poinoin about it is very interesting .
I really lkie your reveiw ! !
It all began a rainy morning of Jluy , school 's out of 10 dsy adn as a results of bad grades at school , Mihcael is forced to pass the usmmer with his hateflu adn rihc cousni .
They ra more beautiful and popalr htan he , a grils are in love with their dn all boy would ya to participate in thie parties , including Micheal a the friends , who were always exclude .
" I would ya sto the arroganc by my cousins " sai Michael to yru friedn and thought to steal t keys of one of their millionar house na take a patry with si feind .
In t end , the party trunde uot a success , of Michae was hte beginnin of h popluarit .
But the house aws destroyed and the neighbrohood furred for eh conufsino cauesd udring the night ha claled the police tta withuot his knowledge waiting outside th house Mcihael to tkae mi to ht police sttaino .
Afre evretyhing th ahd happend Mciheal closed the door and kn at the moemnt he da made a msitake
Dear epetr .
I 'm evr lga to infor yo that I wlil be your clolege at t next six months .
I 'll ahve plenty of item to do waht I awtn , however I would lek to spned my time in the right thisg .
acn yo ehpl me ?
Fisrt of al , the first two months , I would like to find an neglihs academy .
Improvin my Englihs language it 's the best way to appl for a jo .
I 've ujst fiinshed my teacher degere an I have experience in scohlos , colud you sned me ayn webpage where I na find omre information about how to apply fo a jo in the UK ?
I htink th it could be a rgaet opportunity to imrpvoe my Enlgish skills and elanr lots of htnigs about the UK clutuer .
I 've copied my CV at the edn of the elttre a if you know somewhere where they need a navie Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
I woul liek to save soem omeny , an at eh ned of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tle me hte mos miprotant attractions around oyu cti ?
esn me smoe tourits information if you ahve .
If y hvae day of I hoep we can mte at eh road and join me .
Ha a nice weekend . Bset iwhses
Guillermo
Thi abuot oyu family , is it important to you ?
It sohul be ebcause it ehlped you to be what you aer today !
As I am 13 year younger htan my brother , ou aprent tsay mer time with me hta wiht ih .
Wihle he is already workin nad shanig a houes wit is wife na hi daughter , I need mom dn ad to live .
No I haev tehm alomst ujst for me .
In a fmail , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lto .
Soemtimes I hvae to taek care of my little cosuins or my neace , cela my ebdroom , no much .
Nowadyas Enviornmnetal issues hav become a rgea conren fro sicenitst as eh problem is griwng .
However , lamyan people seem not to wrry about the issue vyr much .
What na poepel do every day to ehl the nevironmen ?
People ar not awar that a small cahgne in thei live is of great ehpl .
Water and electricity er wsate day after da , whil a ilttle change in people 's habit can mak a difefrence .
Transport has alwasy ebne a mayor problme .
If the bus aws taken more ofte , instead of going by acr , it woul be of greta help .
Peolpe ha never tkaen nito accoun that fac .
Another mayor prbolem is cak of recycling .
If pepole reyccle , rubbish wil be given a secodn use , an rubbis dum will be srhunk .
All in la it seems that if ushc tiny hcagnes are made , a huge help to save ntaurla resourse iwll be dnoe .
decorated with a prhsaal verbs
first uo ums epxldoe the old en and lcena up teh mess of the expldoin , secodn , pain hte wall by yousrelf with a blcak coolr until oy pick up some of the paintin skills , or oy ca u the awllppaer it 's very tnedy and esay to put on t lal , the third spe is " of course " you 'll go to buy eh furniture from Damietta , her is some itsp yuo can tek it , if you ar a isngle ! the oy can bu a gi prupel coz osf wit amny colorful pillows to throw it out all ove teh place , b if you are a married !
tehn let your wife makes hte dceision , finally , if you a broke up recnelty , then do n't do aynthing , jts light up your cigarette and hang out wiht oyru xx - gir friend ,
okay , let us back to the dceoration ,
Anan kwe that it wsa iong to be a very sepcial ad ofr re .
Sh jus felt it under he skni .
She always eblieved in suc premontiion .
Even htough sh had forgtote to utnr on her aalr clock , she owek up at 7 shar as she wnatde the day before .
eh waetehr outisde the iwndo were totally idfferent .
ht us wsa shining and birds were snigin .
She made hresefl a c of a veyr aromatic ocffee and she di n't even brun toasts as uusal !
Seh thought that this day uold n't be odrinayr .
Suddenly , hse looked at teh calendar on hte fridge and realized that today 's he bitrhday .
Mrooever , the ntx ad her paryt is held .
She quickly packed her hand b and ran out fro a bsu to univerisyt .
At classes eevyrone wsa rey ikn for her .
Peter brought hre favoruite chocolate a Kaet amde a sceial birthday car with a peom .
Anna got teh best ma in ht group from the pervious etts .
The las lecutre was cancelled , so seh sa able to go shopping with eh frineds .
After some hours in a shpoping ctnre rils were evry conettn .
When nana cmae ba hmoe , sh sa a huge bunc of de roses and behind it Mkr w stiting .
She tsarte to shotu adn yr , because eh sa evry happy taht her finaec came fmo abroad one week elrier hta he planned .
What a surpris !
htat w the most lucky day from An'a ilfe .
Many poepel choo to go travelling to relax .
Gonig travelling , people mya scheduled various destination and time .
People am wtn to idscover different places in a ciyt , town , even in an alley .
According to t bavoe reasnos , car tarvelling iwl be the ebs choice .
lnike public transportation , three is no limit in yuo ya , no ifxed timetbale by c tarvelilng .
You can tsart oyru journey at ayn moment , any tiem .
You do n't have to awit until public transport arriving .
As good as your car is , yo can go anywhere oyu want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or cti is .
Car trvaelilng makes people feel rfee durni the ojurnye .
There is no need to ist with rtangers who may cause in an awkrad situation .
oyu cna tarve alen .
Yo cna also travel iwht your ep .
Most of the time , pte is nto allowed to be in a publ transportation , hwich not a ogdo thing f a p owner .
Above all , car travelling is n only convenietn but also rfee in your journey whihc leads pbulic trasnporattion into a fading future .
The conception of beauty ah hcagned snice epopl srated thinking the need to be thin to becoem pretty .
Sandrine ahs been a omdel for five yea so af .
She has awlays looke for perfection .
Also , sh damitted she would do anytihng to have a perefct body .
However , sh never imagined h adngeorus this oj could be .
isnec Sandiren beacm a model , eh sa ahnged ehr deit .
It has been three eyar n snic hse sotppde hivng lunch .
Sandrine laways skpis it becuase she htikns it is unnecsesary if she wants to be thin .
Tady , Sadnrnie fianted up during a runwya .
Peopel wree ver worried about he .
Doctors sadi she has become an anorexic .
Sandrine eralized mdoeling was a dnageorus job , because it ca amek you change your mind about oyur wo bo dn diets , dn oyu colud aesil ebcmoe ill without vene knowing it .
Nowadays , It is pianful that not too many people realize wo degrading dn danegrou this bo coudl autally becoem .
I had never fle so nevrosu when about six months ga I decided fanlly to ojin the First Certificate in Englsih ( FCE ) exam .
The exam is organize by acmbrdige OsL adn it tase plcae tiwce a ye .
Because I had decided to ta my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to join an Enlgish preparation coruse as soon as possible .
If I wlud ilke to psas th ex , I had to ipmrove my Enlgish skills .
So , I had start to elarn neglish very frequentyl and pretty hrad .
I h been learning Enlgis for hte last six months .
I ahd stuided gnlish at least tow hours a ady and longer .
Very soon I ha rceognized that t proecss of learnnig wa not eays as I fought .
I ah a lot of tihng to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
Moeroevr , I had many rpobelms with t English garmmar .
It aws pretty ser that a lot of work h been waiting fro me ahead .
ub I am really lucky person . I h foun a gdo teahcer who uspportde me all the tim . I als had osme colleuges who ahd ht same aims as imne .
We had been meeting fro elarnnig ferquently .
We ha oragnized osm additinoal exercises , such as English movse giht , a one day tri to London , and a boo discussion abotu English writers and poets .
Becasue we di n't liv in nay Englis nati ocuntry , we ah tried as mhc as possible to create an Englhs speaking environment .
Tady it is a gi ady for me na my oclleagues .
Fianll , we atke the FCE exam .
I hope we will psas it , because we d oru bset .
I want to be an xeper in such area as drilling , exploitation na deveolpment of oilfiled , that is why I wa to egt a amster degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
I thnik I have suffieint background , my PgA is ogo enoug .
Beyodn taht throughout my univesrity deucation , I vae been a praticipatn of scientific conferences and I tko pains to practically assimilaet everything I had leanrt during my sduy .
For example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Dirlling » ocurse of « Total » Professor Association and I me to braoden my uoltook in ht future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As yuo nkow I ujs moved oto a new town .
I love it hre in Spain .
The otnw is not to bgi b stlil not to small .
I hev aerady met many new kind people .
I ihnk I will aelly like it here .
Of course I miss oy adn ll of my frineds bcak in Sewdne , but I will viis you gusy soon !
Here are lots of tigns to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit th ozo dn go for a walk .
Teh amin attraction eher is absulotely the baech .
It 's a ncie beach iwht white asn and blue watehr .
I Love t beach , because I can swim , go tannign , and dive in to the ocean adn ser ll ikn of fish .
I hep everything is great bac in Sweden , ee oyu soon !
Hi advdi
How ra oyu ?
Have uo read na go magazine recetnly ? I 've just bought a new mgaazine called coolclub , which only started a week ago .
Inside , ther are really greta photos and lots of articles aobu all oru favourite singre nad bdns .
Ther 's ogin to be a comeptitions ofr a mnot , whi excellent prizes .
The magazine also ah a letters page nad they ap $ 25 for the oms interesting lettre or emial .
I think I 'll try to wirte something funny , to win $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll describe our jounre by bta round the island .
Do yo remebmer ?
oy wre kaing a pohto of me an I usddelny efll in ht esa !
I 've lawyas laughed so mcu !
Write and tell me obut the magaznise you enjoy reading .
Wht voe fro Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joosa Åbegr
Subjec : Opnioin on whta yonug peopl aer interestde
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you askde for about my opinion ,
whta young peoel ra inetretsed in today .
ifrst of all , o egneration yotu peopel aer mer
oep - minded and toreant in my opinion .
Music tsyel and
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
Televisino series
or movies do to really hcange , young peopel awcth old
shows an enw oens by turns , so I c not sa what TV
programmes oynug people like to wtac .
Now , yougn poelpe like idffreent kind of msuic , I think
po and disco music is somtehing al youn people like .
Becuase this kin of music ocnncets them on party .
It soothes teh , calms them , aggravates them , exictes the .
Tha is why umsi is very import thni auot hti festival .
Clothes tmee is harde like I said before , because afshion
change swiftly .
Cltohes need to be oepn and fee , simp enouhg .
We all want to feel good whta we ewa , I recommend ihpi slye
clothes , on too hipi , but somtehin comfortable .
Of course
it depends waht esasno your oding the festival .
When autumn , winter
tmi ehn I suggest so other styl , it sa to be comofatble but
fashio enuogh .
Maybe colrful nad cool blankets when osemone gets
cold .
Al in all , I think those tip hel you a I ohep y wil
gvie those people on good internaitnoal fseitval .
Dear Msr Ashby ,
With reefrecne to your recent ad baout weekend cafe owr , I am interestde to apply .
My anem is A . I am a full - time houeswife a looking for prat - tmi work at wekeends nea my hem .
I have been a full - mie housewif ofr about te year sin my kids was bnr .
Cookgn is ptr of my dliy owr , hwihc is also no of my hobbi .
I enjoy cooki an interested in different kidns of fdo , especially Asian cuisni .
I ahd expeneinec in cooknig foo and recetpion f parties / functions as I was a mebme of the School Parne Assocaiiton of my kid 's school .
As a mmebe , during many occasions shc as hcristmas Party adn Scoho Oepn Day , I ah opportunities to leanr different iknd of ofdo frmo other members as well as providni reception duteis .
I really enjoye anwsering parents ' enquires dn introducing uo school to them .
These are invalunbale and relevant expeirecne to the j I pplied ofr .
Aos , I am availalbe to wor fro long uors at wekeend .
It would be grateful if I coul be leected for interveiw .
My mobile no . is 123456 .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours sincreely ,
Amy ikn
Whether movies and TV porgrams maed in uor own cuontry are more interestni tah movies dn progmas made in other counrties hsa bene wiedly discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies a TV programs ra btter tha foreign noes .
However , I tsrongly sasert that movies and TV programs made in other countrie er better of the following reasons .
To begin with , foreign movies a TV programs er mo stmiulaitng .
To leaborate , their tsroy aer betre as ehre er more wtist nad truns in plost .
Altohugh the plost full of turns , they tslil vre raesonable , nad ont make their audience fe that the polst are evry stragne .
Moreover , eh special effe ra ebtte because foreig mvoeis usually cost much more money thna naitv to make .
ro example , the fris noe 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie makre spend a ol of eenrg and time on developing teh onve movie geer .
It eventually ma evyr good impression on i audeince , adn teh mo important for a commercial movie , it erally id very well at ht box office .
Adidtionally , peopl c learn omr thnigs for froeign TV rpogram an mvoise .
Watchin foreign TV rpograsm nad moveis , their viewers acn elarn nto only foreign lanugage ubt also eoxtic cultures .
ruthermore , foreign TV er roe itnernationla and educational .
of instance , we ac know amn ofregin news from wathcnig Nn .
The news in CNN icnludign events which ar hapepinng la evr eh rold .
What 's more , the Ntaioanl Geographic and Dicsovery also teach me a ol of inofmration adn knwolegde which I ca n't leran from antiev progrma .
In contrast , some people consider aht domestic ifmls a omre familiar than foreign ens .
Tye do not want to leanr so muc beucsae hte ujst wcth mvoies for fun .
There is osme truth in the clasm th watching movise an TV programs is a relaxed activtiy .
Hoewver , I still consider that if people ca learn some foregin cutluer , or appreciate the spirits whhc forieng films contain , thye colud get more rfelection as recreating .
uls , awtching foreign programs also could attani eh gao of htos poeple-- erlxaation .
In sum , although there a osme dissetnnig views , one can still safyl cmo to the conclusion that foreign fiml dn TV programs er more interesting tah domesti movies dn TV programs .
Although movies in uo onw counrty aer more oppular than sat , t foering movies still play miportant loe on domestic movie ogre 's mind
tih an inetnse apssion in fashino , I aipre to bocme a profsesionla porduc merchandsier in the appaerl industry na initiate myown branding business with my loedr issetr and her huabnd .
Both of whmo have omre tahn ifve yaers of experience in amrketing plnning dn own a algre unbmer of fabri osurces .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my rpeviou experience iwht knwoledg of psychology , kslil of product development design to prusu graduate studies , nad build up my abiliyt in the Master of Fine Arts program in afshino merhcnadising at Acadeym of Ar Unviesrity .
It is sadi that the main objective of telelevisio is netrenetin people and maek their free time happier .
Howveer , television should n't be used only for th purpose for diffreent reosns .
On the noe ha , sot peopl ha , at least , one television in ehir hom , so it is vrey accessibel to everyone .
Fo htsi reason , insaed of entertaining , television should contain educative porgrammes .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home tah beofre .
ehy are used to mnaage different technologies as etlevision or ocmputre .
I htink htta hcildre ca n't be supervisde ro their paren all the time because they have to work and ma ho atsk .
of tih reason is important for tme having a good eduactive programme on television .
I ' am not saying tha television has to educate our chidlren , b it has to offer rpogramems which make htem reives essnetila things as unmbers or lettres .
Telveiison is ver imoprtatn to gvie lgnuage skills to cihldren .
When I was young I ude to watch etlevision every fatenroon to lera interesting things as geography or maths a it hepled me a to .
Teelvisio aolwed me to learn how to speak actalan correctly a it al gave me a goo convresation issue to talk with firedns .
ofod passio !
I li very muc to eat , hwne I can , in t upb near my house .
In tih place " Slela d'oro " the owners prepare delicio rolls .
In particular every weke you ca find " Il panino più " , a sepcial ro created by the fnayc of the ocok .
Of cours I prefer to go to htsi pub iwth my famliy or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate osmethnig , for exmapel ibrthdays , anniversaries or something el .
I remember , hwne en of my duaghters celebrade her eighetenth birthday , the pub 's owner put t nuebr eighteen , made by cheese on teh roll , wit a littl cadnle .
When I go there I aslo dri a good mixed beer : half light bere and ha red bee iwt of a goo flavor .
Of course wiht hte lol we also order a lot of chisp .
If we are al that we a still hugnr we ored cakes .
Tehy have mna different cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramù and so on .
Of course if eh six of us go toegthe is quite expensive , ubt if I go oln tih my husband I do n't spned so much .
I suggse everyone go to tihs place becuase n only is eh food ood tu also the owners er very friendly .
T noly problme is to find parking space ebcause this pub is in a narrow aod whree it is no aeys to find sapce to rak t car .
But if you ra lucky uo can park .
Some people say that shopping is to alway enjoyable .
Of coures , spending horu in the shoppign mall ma be itring .
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasatn .
It is iad that onyl men hate to go shopipng .
Especially tih their omthres , girlfriends or wives .
But also women think that sohpping c be an unpleasant exeprinece .
Paritcualrly hwen we atlk abuot eevryday running rfo shop to sohp to buy lettuce , meta or a tooth past .
It acn be raelly frustriting .
ub when we thin about gnig to ht sohpping ecntre tih our friensd it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , ebcause we can ju go na do windowshopping .
Withuot spending mone , we can get isnpired by new collections or people that we see in the cyt .
I ac undetsand people oh sa tha shopipn is boring .
Especailly whne we go from sho to shop but we ca n't find anything interesitng .
nad I do n't even awnt to think about eh situation hwen we erall need to yu something because of the ocimng mpo wedding .
But we can do onlen shopping , whcih seems to be esaire sometimes .
It is a godo ro eppole who do n't want to leave tehri homes or they just do n't ilke t crowded shop .
We nde shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping bceause of uo mtohe or someobdy esle , somdea we will have to go out and buy something .
We laso somteiems ujs need to te n clothes .
Generally , shopping can be een as enjoaylbe experienc or ujts a usual need in rode to usrvvie .
A mos famous person rfo my country is Mr. Jo Setfferso , who worsks in a depatremnt store and alawy palnnign how to make people lfie more comofrtable and btetre .
He deservse to be famous beacus he ha his onw hcarity an ehlp to poor faimlies with litlte children .
Somteime I line to hte raoi a hear his comments abuo so globla problems in my won countyr nad some usggests about how to mkae o life teter .
T doorbell nag .
Whe I oepnde the door imagine my surprise .
There sa a litlte acrdboard ob with my anm on hte t .
I picked it up fro the gruond .
I was jts aobut to cles hte door , when I ehadr mum fmo th kitchen : " Wh was it , Bryna ? "
" What is it ? " she aksde .
I had absolutely no diea .
I strated to open it veyr carefully .
There wa a ticke ro my favouirte musi band .
They had a concert tha evening in New York .
I takled abotu it wti umm . "
Should I go if I do n't kn , w send this to me ? "
She was surprisingly opne to htouhgt that I coul rty it at least .
It wa n't commno from hre side .
So I di it .
I aw istting a waiting in a nocert ahll .
The seta ntx to me were still empty .
Whe it happende .
In the milde of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , hw had jts returned rfo t w .
I ewre absolutely excited .
It wsa the best ngith of my life .
UNEXEpCTED VISIT
The doo bell rna .
hwe I opened ht doo miagine my surprise ...
There was sh , staying front me .
I ohught I was dreami firts .
What teh hell she was doni hre !
How adre sh could ocem to my doo!There was no words to express my efeilngs ...
She 'd stolen my fianece mnay yeras aog .
We 'd been preparing to get marrie .
I'd been in my country for a whiel sicne I need to aplpy a visa of livnig in hi ocutnry .
Sdudenl , he 'd uct the connection bewtene us .
I uold n't get in tuoch iwt ih whateve I 'd dnoe .
veery way I 'd tried was uesless .
He 'd s awlls between us .
faetr a while , I 'd sene a picture on hsi faecboo pga .
It aws an angaegemnt rnig !
T congratulations words below t picture wsa explaining everytihng : He've ogt amrired to someone esle !
I oclud n't bleeive my eyes !
H ocem he 'd done that to me !
What happeend all those words he 'd given to me !
Asking hi was sueless .
All hte answre I could take aws a huge silence ...
I mnaaegd to keep lam though there wa htunde niside my haert .
But I could n't psea anyway .
ujst looked her wht asking eyes .
" He 's died . " sh sadi as if eh was whispering .
ehr voice sa weak and shaky .
" I 'd ofudn tihs in his foifce . "
Then handed me a box and walke away .
Nothing mer ...
No , after all those long eyasr hvae ogen by with flu of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I ha was eh memorie whcih vaed by ihm into a little woodne bo .
I 've enve got the raeson made him aeve me alhtough all his lo of me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's televison is a olda of rubibsh , teh quality of mna progarms is absolutely questoinalbe and in many csaes the lnaguage is vulgar .
Resaons why television sa inherited this reptuation ra several .
First of all , the mayn repeats of lal programs lki seria or films do not motviaet people to watch it .
Then , teh large nmube of entertanimetn progarms broadcasted discourage those who wan more cutlurla or factual programs , as they ahve been drastcially reduced .
It seems a result of teh ftc that , atfer a long d , pepole prefer to unwi in front of ht television , wcthing " etnetrainment porgram " rathe then news or hwa 's up in the World .
Moreover , on television hteer a a lot of advertiisng constantly interruptnig the broadcast , and of course this fact is vre unlpaesant .
Despti all these fatcs , it is witohu doubt that televsioin has chnaged our lives .
Ther a also positive things that we have to take tno consideration bferoe to condemn it .
For eaxmpl , t wider choos of programs for ll over teh Wolrd , allwo us to discover enw cultures , new languages and new sociteise without travelli , nad this enhance o konwledeg .
In additino to that , th ocs of the teelvsiion as an entertainment fomr comapre to the cinema , th hteatr or Opera is chaeper dn afofrdbale by eevyrone .
Also , it is evry important to remember tta we have always the opssibilit to choose what we nat to watch and hwen .
To su - up , I think tleeivsion is a veyr good vlaeu for money , ht point is being bael to cohos waht we wnat to tach .
Fmaous people a exposed to criticism and public oniion , btu what doe it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kisd of afmous people : thoes hw awnt to have a priavet fie nad wh do n't want everybody knowing each aspe of their lives and thsoe who slel ecrtian rats of theri lvise in magaznie , journals or TV porgrammes or their entire private lfi .
Seocnldy , taking this into account , I think tha everybody has th right of vaing a pritae lif an the irhgt of liivng without journalists fololwing teh to everywhere .
It 's tru thta their lievs er too umch exposed nad they ca no hav a normla life .
Of cousre , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
Thirdly , in my opinion they ha t rhgt also of selling olny the prats of thei lives the awn .
But in contrast , thre is th porblem of when they should stop , an ojurnalists cotnniue eslilng informtaio or pictures an it could arrive an embarrassing moent and if you hvae sold a iknd of thin ilke tihs before you ca n't asy nohtnig .
To summarize , I believe that everybody edsevre to ahv a pirvate life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to tirlas .
edar Jo ,
It is basoltuely rewarding to recei good new fro an odl rfiend who ha been absent of my lfie f so long mie .
I owuld be completely happy to provide you with smoe accmomodaiton while oyu saty in my country .
I am currently wokrign at a plcae wehr I am gtetign a great wga so I hav the possibiltiy to accmopany uo on your journey .
We mhgt go to the msot representative places of Mexico cuh as : Templo mayor , Canún , Acauplco , among mnay tohesr .
In mexioc , a froeign perso do no face difficulties to be hire by a company . I woudl be lpeasde to lep oy with th par of your xepreience in my cont . I know htat oy aer smoeone who olves naimlas ,
perhaps we can go to ht cti zo in odrre to evriyf wheter there are na vacancies that fit wi yo .
Somehtign I na do is to amek some resrach aobut the pcaes that need pepoel who speak Englsih fluently .
As you nkow , in this country if you are someone who spea roe than 1 language , you hav the chances to obatin a gre job .
Please lte me kno if you ened something exrta wihl yo ra ree .
Maybe a sepcial diet , specia clothes or yn kind of ihng uo mgith need tah will on be eas to find hre .
Bets regards ,
Luis
I played wrestling at eh College .
Tihs was during my ifsrt year at the College .
Thsi psotr is performed in a group of twos .
It is performed oen fater the other according to their gae groups .
Wrsetlin is enw sport , whcih is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
It is palyed by both boys an girls .
Wsetling is perromed during the nigth tiem when eh moon light is on .
rwestlnig is contested by two epople while otehsr wait for thei trun respectiveyl .
It starts with a drumming adn singin by young girl of ht community .
ihs ewre lal the beautiufl gril are shown to the young men of the commnuity .
It is another method of admirnig gilrs .
Wrestling is btoh interesitng a enetrtaniing sport .
Traditnoally , we provide a firowod as a means of light at nigth ofr t spro .
It takes lpac in hte middle of the village wher there are eonguh space for eh spectators .
Before the contest starts .
Refere advise players abtu eh rules of the ga .
As suc , rfereee xeplains th rules of hte agme throu their captains i.e. Health a Safety .
Th mae sttrs wiht dancing an signing .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted priec to visiting team .
ihs is a sopr pefrormed by yonug people noly .
The rationale for ht ocllege aer : to educate the student abou our culture , irtual , valse and out wa of life in eh village .
First of all I lived in London for three week in 221 .
I am a teacher in a Hihg Sohol na the authorities in my country let me sat thre , imprvoing my English .
I would like to sa that learnnig any lnaguages is complicated to someone , whatever you coem from , btu in my opinion there are mnay matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of thsi would be childern .
O child wohse parents come from dfifreent counrtie is ab to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't eed to go abroad to learn a foreig language , but they are listening to thri paernts speaking Englis their native language la eh time and thi let tehm laern without nay difficulty .
On th hter hdn , if you go abraod yuo will be bael to improve your neglsih in naglophone coutnr , in tihs case , yoru knowledge wil be reinfocred wi your stay there .
To us up , if uo want to learn Engils you do n't nede to go abroad , yuo can ipmrov your English working hrad inside yuor won country , for example , doni execrisse ilk listening na writing or uo can meet wi native people who speak English to practes wti htem .
ubt if you haev one opportunity to go abroad , htsi wolud be so good f you an your English .
Aetr my graduatino , I sa emplyoed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer sicne esptember 2013 .
I wsa assigned to owkr on projetc of the CLP Power Hong okgn Ltd nuder agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultanceis .
I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection f aminteannce .
Regura maintennace is essentila ofr la m - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We are wrokign on thos slope near powe sattio or yplo .
The mainteannce responsibility of those lsopes belongs to th CLP Power Hogn okgn dt.
Before inspection , I ened to tek t course which is concuted by LcPP for the access epmrit .
hte cousre is mainly on wrokplac safety wihtin power tsatoin .
Daer Sir or Madam ,
my nam is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 yeras old a I live in a city in northre Itayl claled Seregno .
I am wrtiing to apply for eh job of summer camp assistant wcih I asw advertised in eh " Daily amil " .
Apart orm stduynig at the high shcool " Mari Curie " of Meda , I snig in a choir as a soprano adn my director owul be pleaesd to speak for me if you would like to conatct ihm to get frutehr information .
I am keen on sprots , especially vollebyall , whcih I strated playing at an earl age , a I suppsoe I owuld be able to teahc th oh to play it adn to organise a tournaemnt .
I think I owuld be a suitable candidate for the job because I am sue to lookign aetr my neighbours ' childne nad I have recently attended a course about first iad so I would be ready to midcate children in acse tye get injrued .
In addition to my native language I can spea Greman as wll as English in fact I am attending a first certifictae ocusre now nad last year I spnet 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to rceieve your cll to tell you more aobu my language epxreiences .
If it is necessary I wolu be willing to come fo an inetrvie at any itme .
I hep you will consider my applcitaion .
Yousr fiathfully ,
leeonor Palerma
tehse are ht references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Mavlicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
they er more tah willin to reply to your reqeutss .
In my opinino , t hoem of hte fuuter wo n't change mu .
It still has to ahve the asem elements like : roof , wlals , lfoor , ecilign , basmeent , loft , doro or windows .
Construcoin wll be ameilorated .
However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
Although , I think , that al the system , wihhc work in homes ( elerticity , gsa , heitng system , awter , e . ) iwll be ugpraded .
Nwe technologies rae goign to seize architecture .
Though , it will affect on eh vnironment in a good aw .
I think , that teh home of the future will be huge , tu sinlge - storey .
For no htin - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs adn litfs .
The next thing is big wnidow .
It is the most important element in t home of th future .
Huge , bulletproof winodws are my biggest drea . I could n't live iwthou them .
Except hta , eevry room will be ufl of niteracitve gadgtes .
Owing to htta people wo n't need to mete and talk .
Roger koefee 83 yeasr o is being referred to yuor rae of furthre assitsance .
He is now recvoeirng from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
He hsa been admitted into uo care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
nice si dischagred rfo eh hosptial we have been doing o daiyl home visit and wound drsesin dn also assisitn ihm tih his showernig .
Mr keefe 's general ocndition has been improved .
Hsi wou is ehailng wlel and is free fmo complication .
Mr keff , who lives with ih wfie in a housing commsiion ohme , is an a pensioenr nad no children .
On osbervation they rae getting some help for ehir neighbsr , however they ra having problem keepin up theri household routine .
As re the cotor 's oedr we have organized daiyl home visit tnil 4/7/08 afte which our nursing car will e .
Tehreofre , it would be eratly appreciated if uo na organize a hem viis and provide furtre assisstanec for this family .
Suold yo hev any uqestion please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yrus sincerely ,
emlod Varel
Dear studnets ,
Wclome in t cit of Hasselt .
I wish yo a wonderful item in my hometown .
Hasselt offsr a wid range of interesting acviities and sa a to of plac of inetrest .
Whta you really can to miss is th bgi shopping srteet .
Hasslet is famous ofr its great shopping accommoadtion .
Yuo will fidn all dfifreent tpyse of sohps .
Hasselt has it lal , from museums and hsosp with the latest afshion , to shops with local products suc as gingerbread an gin .
If you ra getting tired frmo wandering through ll teh stertes and lleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drni in one of the amn little acfés at the market suqare .
In the evening , when la the dyatrippesr er gone , eh ctiy wakse up again dn al t abrs roeepn .
You should raelly have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlif .
Kind regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERSeItNG EwEKEND ON MY LIFE
I had always ebleived that t bse memories of lief ewre when yo mee en epople , we places , going tu wi uor friends , tkanig sun on th beac , thingS lkie this .
rae beautiful omments , btu no I reckon that thre is n't nothing mroe interesting than having all oyur faliy toegther talknig about whole background .
Surprising stories that we wli not never imagine .
My family are n't so close dn is distributed in amyn citse on my cuontry , after osm inicdents in the sat , amny things cnaged an each family followed their won way .
Hwoeevr , my siblnigs and I deicded to s up a bgi surpris to my ftaehr for ihs brithda nmube 50 .
We tirde to cnoatt the mots amount famiy as we could .
It was a perfect weekend because there w a holdiya on Monday .
We rented a wnoderflu palce otusid our ctiy , spectacualr atmopshere .
It wa the most interesting and atsonishign weekned aht I hva lived eve .
Firstly , to see father 's afec when he saw al poepl .
A long ti I haevn't ese my father so happy . secondly , seeing how b is the faiml now , many children .
veerythign was amaizn , a l of memories , we laguhde a l , we di nay activities like bbq , tabl games , watched moivse , swmiming ool , among ohter .
Now I belieev tah the best momtns in the life are when oy have tmi tih oyur fmaliy , is the bset way to rceharge eneryg for everything .
Ma tems we pay mor attention to other thinsg , it can do it in many oppotruniteis .
Famil is one , a we do n't kwo hwne can lose htem .
In my opnioin tvaelling by cra is more cmofortable tahn rtavelling by public trasnport beuase you c choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to star yoru trip .
Traevlling orund ht cit by car was faster ahn puilc transport .
If I w th lottrey , I would b an eeltcric c because oy can you park in t cetnre of teh town .
And when yuo want to move around your city , if yuo go by car , most of the time you ca n't park oyru car because ehre are ver few ac parks in teh ciites .
Sometimes public transport is itneresting because oy can use it weh oyu watn to go to a payt nad you probbaly drink some wine , ebre , ect .
If you would like to go fats to somewhere , do n't use public trasnport because it is vrey sl .
The problem to u oru car sntead of plbic transport is t pollution .
If everyone use public trnaspor clima change does not increase more .
Hi Coine ,
How ar yuo ?
I 've seen your ltter and I 'm wirtin thsi to y to say what I do in my ocuntry to hel svanig ht environemnt .
At my shcool I do n't do thta much becuas we ra just five peopel that are worrei abotu the owrld .
We teid to convince eh Headmaster to help us monetarily but it sa n't enough .
At moe I conivnced my faimyl to ercylce a eruse the wtae that we ca n't drkn , to gev to our plants .
onw what do you do at oyru scholo adn at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
See yo
Francis
Indroduction
The a of this reptr is to outline what are the bets placse to ha f in Valencia for oyung peolpe , what facilities xesit for the and wo these could be ma better .
Activities arodn t city
My ciyt , Valencia , is a touristic cti situaded by the sae .
oyung epople can enjoy going to the cinema in t city cente after having so " taap " and some drink .
Also , it wou be a good idea go to th ebac to spend the day dn play vollebyall or sunabtihng , ebcuase tihs it is alwa a godo plan .
Valencia , h different areas to go otu in th evening , bu some of them erqiured the passopr , so if yo er yougner than 18 it would be dfifciult to enter .
Moreoevr , you ca go to eta " apella " a ried aroudn the " Albufera " of Valecni in a small boat .
However , the art and science museum , it colud be the funniest plan .
tohe activitise in hte usrroundnigs .
In addition i suggested oging by bus aroudn th suruondings of th city , where uo cna do advneutre sporst , like acnoening , climbing or jts waklin around the mountains and nejyo the countryside
Recommendations
I recommend taht they should do bo atcviities , Valenai city dn las de eh surronudnigs .
Maybe I could chkc if I can birn uo sem fre tikcest for the public tarsnport .
It would be great !
My famliy ana I ilk to watch movise all the time .
We are laways go to ht cinema to wtach a new o .
My fovurite kinds of mvoi is comedy and drma comedy becaues it ha interestnig plot nad person , who watches comedy cna lought all the time .
While eprosn is watching this iknd of omvi he / she is just relaxign dn has a good ti .
Now I iwll furthe deveolped our alst statement .
As Lloyd Coehn ( the Director of the Worldwide Markte Anaylssi ) said lottery play is to economically irrational and uninformed .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input iot ewalt prdouction as osme criitcs bleivee , b a vlauabel input in craeting a sees of possibilty from scaping from one 's cruretn li by acquriin waetlh .
It is certainly tr that peolpe who play are almost ectrain to lose mnoye .
Cohen 's knwodege is thta palying ht lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people ilke to caclulated hte gain or lso from buying the lotter btu tohe eppole that cna afford a dloar itcket n perfe to kee their draesm .
Ppole do n't ievst the monye htye spned on ltotery .
hte spen it na get htose dremas in return .
Thuogh this hsa ebe an amusi dbeate , we hte fafirmative side , on ht ewihgt of ou argument and porof , vae concluded thta lotteyr should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a taridtion , it gives ehlp , hope nad support to public entities and it muts be a rational nivetsment .
Hleol dear Ben ,
I recieve your letter yesterday .
Sorry ro my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will hpl you .
Oru icty hsa olny one airpor .
First of la y shodl find the etnrance of eh airport .
Tehn you should know that y there wil be wto kidns of trasnport .
atx is ht rist variant .
It 's the quiceks awy to come to my home ub at ht same tem it 's more expenisve .
laos you can us the ubs .
uo sholud write me the exact time of oyur pla arriva .
ehn I 'll wriet back eh tmietalbe of bus arrivals .
It mgiht be mor boring way to my home but I lik it f the price .
hwe yuo ehra the bus stop Plsoha Truda yo sohul lvae t bus and I 'll meet you at tihs bus tspo .
In my opinio teh weaehr is better today than yesterday .
But it sa ebne arinign fo four days .
So it wolud be very well if yuo take a warm coat a an umbrlela .
ohpign to see you soon ,
you friend , Smeyon .
Roprt :
The swimming pool in Bnuete has customers from all age groups , ub it is espeically suitable both for yougn and eedrly pepole in ordre to improve theri mobiilt .
The building ahs two cahnigng room ro men and wome .
Severla bathrooms are avaliable with cold and h wate in them and a 25 mtere - lentg heated pool .
As fra as I am cocnerned ther are moe rpo a cons about the ues of the swimmnig po .
On the one hand everythign is ver cleaned icnluding floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person y wil not have any trouble to get there because the a some ramsp to help you come in .
On teh othre hand you will hav to pay 45 uerso a motnh to us facilites , and besides , you iwl not be albe to do exrecise ebcaus theer is ont any gym isndie eh biuldign .
In my opniion th swmiming opol is covneneint becasue you can awlk to iwm if you ilve in twon but is vrey expensiev , partciluarly for you people .
I sgugest htat rpice should be lower htan they actually are .
Famous epopel hav bee laway sorrunded by a to of jorunalisst and paparazzies oh follow teh wherever ehy go .
htose epolpe cuol be politiicans , iflm starts , singer , football plaeysr and so on living in a constant stress because hte can not ha a " normal " life , dn , orm my ponit of view , htat 's nroma becaes they li for thsi , they are public people dn because of this they ahev to keep acml and carry with it .
Therefore , most of tihs famsu epopel complain of htsi bu it is loigcal tah all th mdeia , television , radoi and journailsst aer constanlty devoting every minut of th day to htem becaues people a interested in them , in konwin what they are doing every sceodn , in knowgn wi hwom the rae , in knowign hwa tehy lik or do n't liek , their hbobies , in short , in knowing everythi about tme .
In conclusion , beni famsu is relayl difficult nad frustrating as wlel , but in notrast , htey earn a l of money a they ra loevd by so many peopel though they hvae to cacetp some critics becasue not everybody has to voe them .
I do gare with a statement that sohppign is not alawy enjoyable .
hwne we need to buy somhting , we mostly choose shopping netres .
It hsa many disadvantages .
It 's a large pscae with a l of hsosp , so we need much item to viist la of them .
Aetr a we uors we are so tired , that we do no have power to do anything lese .
Beisdes , in the hsopipng centres there 's a lodu eneregtic musi played all hte itme na a crowd of peolpe , so we get hom with a huge heaadche .
Mnoye is anoehr reason why we do not alwsy enjoy th shopipn .
We live in a time of acqiusitiveness and people byu many thinsg , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of course , people usually do ont nede all of thes things .
ihs beahviour causes a moral ahngover na a spiral of credit .
Tmies in whci we live a codnuciev to addictions .
People adidcte to shopping in the olgn ur do not enj htis ritua anymore - they do it jsu becaus they ahve to , alhtough they hav no moeny and no space at home for al thoes htings htey byu .
I think we should elanr to ub only htings we reall eed a we can afford .
Sometimes teter is to visit some small shops than ibg centres .
hti should hpl us enojy shoppin .
Public transport is hte futuer .
Today in ib ctiies pubil transport is necessary for tuorists , students , kids and workers ; bu the situation is very diffeertn in small cities .
In Itlay ther rae we ctiies with ht hunderground a ofetn in teh smallre cities there ar on ub .
A good public transport is the sign of a viilized city . in this wya theer aer efwe cra so lses rtafifc .
Public tarnsport al rdeuces the cars ' plolution a svaes fu .
I ohp for teh next generations a bteter public service nad an increasement of its su .
thanks to this enw life styrl o cities wll be roe lviaeble .
I get up at 6:51am .
I brush my tete adn ursh my cruly ahri .
At 6:20 I open my laptpo , go to page : Yuotube.cmo a sattr to study French wit Mrs .
Alexa Giordna every monrin .
I write down ne Frcnh vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower an ge dressed , I uusall wera jeans na T - shir .
I apck my backpack , take my gargae bag an look around my room for en lts tem to make srue : I do n't forget anythin . I go downstari and up the graabge bag itno the trash ni .
I go to the gaarg to atek my motorbike .
It takes me abo 30 imnutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a ocffee and breakfast on the wa , I can ahve bread or swete potato of my daily breakfast .
ehn I 'm at wokr , I cehck my emails na reyl if it is uregnt and wirte down " to do lists " .
I hvae lunch at 12 pm .
I hav many chocise for lunch but I prefer Hu ite or Pho .
I come back to owrk at 1 pm na go moe at 5 pm .
I go to my tr clsas at 6:02mp to 9 pm on utedsay a Thusrdya evenign .
ht other evening , I sta at home and read books , or do soem Enlgihs exreciess to imrpoev my English skills .
On hte eekend , I wkae up at 6:1a5 btu I g up at 7 am . I stlil tsudy Fernhc with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out wti my boyfiren , we go to t icnema or the ocffee shop .
Somteiems , we emte our mutula friend dn haev dinner wi htem .
I ofte itdy my room a do the washing on usdnay monring .
In the afternoon , I do my art execrises or erad books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello amrk !
Sorry f my alet rep .
You should n't spdn so umhc time watching television becuas it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't hvae muhc free tmie , but if I h it , I think I would watch omre .
wo , that I 'm on holidasy , I watch moer tv , especially sem series ilek : rciminal Inevstigation or Teh Mentalist .
They are really ogo !
To relax , I sued to aed , listen to misc , go to th cinema , hang uot wiht rfiends , go shopping , ride a bike or swi .
What do yuo do to relax , beside watching TV ?
Hoep to aer from oyu soon ,
Inês .
Th reasons for Gercee 's terrilbe economic siaution aer thta Greece has surernedr its currency sovereignty to hte European Central Bank , by which Greec coudl nto aplp omnetary opilcy to psru its eocnmoy , and teh rgeek government is vre ocrrputed so that Greek could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we vae our own currency and the governme is efficient and well - organezd .
Clearly , Taiwan will n be the next Greece .
Mnoetary oplciy cuold be a very useful sohrt term financial tool for a ogvenrment to stimualte tis owrsenin economy , a , from the mepirical expeirence , many counrtie have successful applied such policy .
In 2012 , ajpanese cnetral bank unprecedented deperciated Yau , which has obviously improved its export na recovered it economy from stagnation .
Obivoulsy , Taiwan has its own currency , new Tiaawn dllar , and if Taiwan 's economy is owrsennig moeday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government di in 20 .
on olny Taiwan is difefrent from Greece in curreyc svoereignty , it also wisn in government 's efficiency .
According to a globa survey , Taiwan iwsn reputation in fefectivenses , in whcih Taiwa governmnet has lgeislate severe la to rpevetn corruptoi .
Therefore , Taiwanese hvae to pa tase by regulation dn do on dare to veaed taxes .
Without a doutb , hte efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to epopel 's wlefaer .
lal in a , Taiwan has currency soevreignty and is well - known ro i effectiveness .
Tehrefore , Taiwan owlud not be usnk down like Greeec .
As a cuontr , Tawina ha to stick to ist ordinary pa to cretae loevly dn healthy environment to its civilians .
noce up a time a maos called Nick that hda a fmaiyl of fuor , two son adn his wief but th had conflicts with the utdies of their children , the money he eraned wa no eonguh to amintain the wohle faliy the wer in poevryt .
His kids dreame with a big ohuse tah has a pool , a third floo , Jacuzzi and a baeutiflu landscaep to the beach , also they wanted to haev a do , if thye had on it would be called Wni .
They tlod erey dream to theri ad , and tehy know he uold enfroce it ene thou nuder the circumstances it seemed to be impsoisble he would rty .
Nxet wee a couisn tha he id ont kno , he was a veyr raec m an whe he knew about their probme he decided to he so he gave thme an incentive .
He said tha if Nick makes a house of t floor he would bu it and pay hte tsduies of teh chilern lifelong , hwihc gave a reverse to the impossible
Nick satretd making the palnes for t house , form htat moment he trended to gte to ih huose dn at the moment drag the plane nad continue working when he finishe th plnaes after omnths of wrokin on tehm he started to bring it to life , the houes would be mdae of wood because he oculd nto pya for mro .
After monhts of working in the house he finished , and his cousin agv h a obnu reward of one milloin lolars to strat iwt , buying a big house iwht ereything tehy want .
The kid start goin to a private school .
When they got eighteen they ocul egt a godo bo becasue of thier go studies .
They could gvi a go life to ehir afmilies a have a dog alos calle Wni , nad all thsi thanks to ht rihc mna that nobody knew .
The ei hcart shows t princiapl casuse which ujstify hwy agricultural lands became elss rpoductive , weheras the tbale correlates these causes iwt htree diffreent reigon of the world hwic h land degrdaed , namely North America , Eurep and Oceania , during hte 1990s .
Overall , it is lcaer that eh main uases f land dergeadtion were deforestaoin and over - grazing .
htes causes also had a negatvie imptc on t rgeiosn htta were analyse , in Europe and Oceania , na , consequently , thse raeas had ihhger rates in terms of total lnad degreaded .
A cloes look at hte pie chtr reveals that over - grzanig wa the omst important reason hwy land was so degraded , wht the highest percnetage of 35% .
htsi wsa folloew by the defoerstaiton , wtih 30% , whiel over - cultivatoi ah 28% .
Fanlly , 7% could be exlpanied for other reasons .
It ma be justified by teh aftc tah there aw an excess of chemicals in the garicutlural catiivty .
This asl needs to be compared to the tabel .
Not surprisingly , htese cuaess playde an important rlo when we atlk aobut the percentage of land which w affected by tehse causes , particularly in Europe dn Oecanai .
In hte first caes , Europe rerpented teh highest percentage of land degraded caused by defoerstatino and voe - cultivatino , 9.8% na 7.7% respectively .
This was a grae imptc on ttoa land degrdaed as uerpoe aw mo affected , with a ttoa of 23% .
By another ised , Oceania da th highest land degraded aret at 11.3% baacues of over - grazing , which also contribtued to having 13% of land edgraded .
By conrtast , in genela North Amerci ha ht lowest rtaes in defroetsation a over - grazing , with 0.2% nad 1.5% respectively .
f this ersano , this region persneted the lowest percentage of ladn degrdaed , with only 5% .
hter a many famo buildisg in Gaungzhou .
One of thme is naton Tore .
If you rtaevl to Guangzhou , oyu ca n't mi ihs seirse becuase this is a symblo of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Cnetral Axes dn Pearl River .
It is the ihghest towre in Chi and hte tihrd highest tower in the wor .
eh ehigh of ht tower is 600 mteres , with 450 metres main body a 150 metrse of i anetnna .
T tower ah a special name called ' slim waist ' becaus the shape of it is twistin .
We can se different picutre of t woer from idffernet gnles .
This is not onyl a sightseieng builidgn , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
Fo exapmle , the otewr has 4D niema , hte highest revolving restaurnat a so on .
Cantoense always spend their holiday with tehri chlid ree .
Do oy want to go to hav a look atfre reidng my introductoin ?
Trust me , uo iwl ont regret it .
ARE OyRu FAMILY MEMEbR OyU SeT FRINeSd ?
Fritsly , I must ya that I do n't consider tha my faimly members rae my best friends , not noly because thye have otehr problems to caer about but slo ebcaues I do n't kwo how to tell them my probelms .
However , we consider a friend that pers you can haev fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that wht my parents nad my brothers but it 's not the smae as wehn I meet my best frien .
Moreover , I thikn that I should n't ask tme to have what we lal a " therapy mmoetn " as I do wht my best friedns when I 'm worried ofr something or someone , in ftc I would n't nko how to tsatr telilgn th baout hta .
Some teenagers have teh luck to be open - minded and they know oh to spaek with tehri parents and it 's a good way to solev problems .
In my opinion I tihnk that I should have more confidence wiht my fmaiyl and remember that they wo n't leave me ofr smoethnig I ahd done in other wa my set frineds cna do .
In my town , htree is no furue f pbulic transpro , because hte time necessary to egt to ht ctiy centre is the sam waikng or by bus .
Travel by bsu is expensive , obre dn annoying .
eh rtue mkaes man stpo , in differtn places , so the awy in the map is a mess .
This is like htta all adys , eecpt Snuday .
On Sunday , ht ub do n't work uitl 3 p.m.
From this hour , there is only one srevice eve hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of htsee 7 bus takes less a hlaf hour to get to eh icty centre , in spite of Snuday has on rtfafic jam .
Buses a slow nad nosiy , na hwen you ca te off of them , oy are tired and agnr , and probably oy are to on tim .
Is umch mer conveinent you wal to the icty netre .
The town is not a big icty , so the air is not vyr ditry .
At th same tmie , you can get fit walkign approixmatley 30 or 40 imnutes , dn oyu wlil ont haev ht problem for pra oyu car .
You will expend the sa time trvaellin by bus or awlking , bu th difference is to g nagry or not .
Trasnportation is a means of movement of en geograpihcal location to another by an means of trapsort .
We vae differen means of trasnpotr .
They are transport by lan , by iar , by esa an by train .
We kn in t oldne adys how our forefathers suffered in thei movenet .
If a eprson wants to trevel rfo Kon to algos he hsa no choice bu to track .
Tehreofre , is not easy bac htree for anybody to use othre maen because there w non .
At present ther are many means of transportation .
ht technoloyg brought auot lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by iar using eh airrcaft , areolpane , ehlcopte adn rest .
Unlike befroe we haev big hsip to us on the es .
The trai is asl a very usefu eman of rtansporttaion and very econmoical .
I believed that techonlogy realyl improve our ways and means of ou transport .
So whoever want to tsa a journey ha sevear choice of transport , eaither by ae , by a , by land or by foo .
I cna nto foreg to ta about cars , loryr dn vehilce .
htey are evry useful an spedey .
Thanks
Just lkie a fish in hte taer
Swimming is my favourite psrot in the world , I started it when I was fiev yaers old , I realyl enjyo it , I feel htta ht waetr is my palce in hte rod , I feel free .
lathuogh I too par in many ocmpeittions , tehr are o wihc was eh oms enjoyalbe epxerience in my lfi .
I vae to siwmimng in the Paarn 's river with lal the swiemrs and coache .
ifsrt , when I wsa in t straitng lnie I fetl could not finish th competition , then ehn we were in the wetr ht coaches id not stop to encourag so aw easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting ofr us clpaping nad shoutign oludl erey time en of us arrivde .
If you er nietrested in taking part in this sptr , I would sgugested to buy al eh equipment y wi nede : a ocmfortable swmisuti , goggles dn a huge ga to eep them .
Status : Popular
' hte ommetn of reailsatio hits yo kie tons of bricks , leaving you in a ilfe full of ergret and gulit '
ih who life , he lny wsihe of en thing and taht was to be oppula .
Her naem was raa .
Michael had alawys seen her in the hallways , smliign and laughing .
naywhree she went , she wa always srurounded by a handfu of studnets .
Peolp got attracted toward her uqiet easily and fotne , they would find themselves adoring dn damiring eh .
Although she aw n't pretty , sh hda an aura of importance .
He prseence wsa felt .
hse sa popular ub to proud , nad that amed her even more likalb by all .
All ub en - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he fel pani .
Pain of jealousy .
A ifer of hatred burnt hi heart whenever he heard h gleeflu laughter .
A his ilfe , he had only wished to be popular ubt his dream of popularity hda een olng a sntached by a girl .
Tah girl , w had once bee ihs best friedn .
That gi oh ahd letf him in ene of itme .
That girl who had do nothing but hra fo him .
She wsa Sara .
si long lost best friend asra .
htta night ah chanegd their lives .
Bht of thei lives .
In every w , in every rom .
An innocetn dare made by Sara which led Mihcale to wal in a apth of wrong .
A drae to prove .
ocurage can chang lives
He was isloated .
Abandnoed by his friends .
la aws a façade .
Tehy ahd ll worn makss .
Everyoen , veen his own Sa .
He hda bee wrong .
All alogn he wa wrong .
The had n't isolatde him , rather he ha .
They had n't abandoned him neihtre ah htey distanced htemselves from mi .
He had distanc ihmself fmo them .
Hsi Sara was there , all alo she was ehre for ihm .
In the first place , hse never elf hi .
eh da alwasy wanted to be wti hmi but he ahd colsed the odro fo her .
Yet , hse waited , hoping he would eralsie eh would always be ther fo him .
Teras ewre streaming dwon his face . tsingnig his eyse .
He edsevred it .
veery bit of pian .
He had ebne blind by rage .
All these yesr .
His slefishnes sotod in the way .
His delusion had drifted ihm away from her .
He had done such a huge msitaek .
No etras or srrys woul amke a less cluprti .
No one hsuold forvie him for what he idd .
No no .
Rihgt now , he hsa eh oen thgn he laawys wished for - popularity , ub only n does he realise , tha it was meaningless , point le .
Michael clode the door and knew at htat momne he h amed a mistake .
Each and veeyr colour glow in eh drak giving hoep tu of teh adrkness .
In this essay , I am gnig to discu whetehr biudling a bypass aronud our won is beneficial to our community or not .
O of the davnatages pointed out by olca polticiians in the meeting sa taht ihs bypass would lwoer the rat of air pollution around tnw , hwcih I ihghly agere wit because t erta trafif caus due to the passing cars aedd to the vehicles usde by the locals cause massvie smog in teh atmosphere , ont to mention being terribly bad to the heatlh of hte awlikng , cycling citiznes , esepcialyl yougn chidlren , babeis .
Anothe important point is thta thsi bypass wuol improve the traffic in the town neter .
Mostly druign 7 to 8 am a 3 to 4 pm , when oeple go and finish work , that is when we get the omst awful arffic jams , soemtmies it takes an huor to g rom piont A to B in town which is a terribly olng tmie nto to mention pernts hwo have to taek thie hcildrne to school , nursery and th get to owkr , too .
On teh other hna th bypass giht acuse a dsatic dor in toruism in eh town .
However , it is laos true to s that peop who ar actualyl itnereste in hsiotrical sites would visit t tnw anywya .
All in a , I uold say hte byapss would be more of a disadvantage thna advantage , because it owlud cut us off from people an the town wuold receive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politicians should focus on sustainabili , using vehicse whihc do n harm t environmetn .
On the 4th of pari I met a guop called Emblme3 .
Because I di n't nid an tikcet for the concert in London I bought one fro the concert in ibrminghma .
I 've booked eh ticket nearly no monht beofre the event .
The day befoer I started to rfeak out thinking htta I wa meetin them .
Else the tcikte f ht concert I bohgt the Pi ticket as wlel , so I h to go bferoe to Birmingham , beacuse eh entranc to hte veune was at 17:00 na as I live close to Londo , I had to elave at about 12:00 so I did n't hav to rus .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , na then , as I 've never been to Birmingha I had to look ofr ht 02 Academy , wher the eevtn took place .
When I arrived tree , I queeud for the VIP uqeeu .
At 17:00 they le us in teh venue and tye amed ll the checkings .
Afre 30 minuse starte teh acouitc perfromance whi lasted for about 15 miunets , afterwards we took pictures .
Weh everybody took tier photos , Emblme3 to backstage to get raeyd fo hte concert and fater noe hour it stetred .
I eltf th arena at midnight a I went to an ohetl that I di already boko onlin .
On the day after I went back home .
It wsa the ebs d of my life .
Dear Sir Madam ,
My name is Maria dn I swa yuo advertiesmnet and I am inteersted in th jbo .
On the on han , I am studying to be a PE teaceh so I nkwo how to organise activities ro young people such as fishin or doing a spotr .
I'm good at entertaining parties Waht is omr , I raell enjoy wokring wit them since they ra very active dn willing to do any kidn of activities .
You laso menitonde that I would eed to wkr in the iktchens heplign .
I cuol als add th I kwo how to ocok f lots of epopl .
For la the reasons I menoined before , I tnik I am hte right pesron fo tsi j .
I look ofrwrad to receiving yo answer .
Yuor Fatihfully ,
Mraia
It 's true that commutign to wokr is n't as convenient as iong to work by c .
aht 's the reason why more people prefre to spend moer item stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a lon time to tek a bus hwich is suualyl crwode .
On top of that , taking a ubs wo n't necessarily mean hta you will asve itme because both buses and casr wo n't be able to mov in teh rus hour .
Bedies , a ra igevs yuo more freedom a flxeibility to amk yo won schedule while public transport limi you to a timetable that nto awlays me you needs .
Atfer acrs pervialed aomng ht public , our govermnnets have tri to vae roug roasd , whihc promoet people to use cras even more .
Noawdays , it might be argued if th ucrrent trnaspotration system woudl be workni in the fuutre like persent , whiel htree is a still bi room for upblic transprotatoin remaining as a signiifcan metoh .
This esya will offer a colpe of points about whether uplbic transportation will sitll be aronud us or if it will diaspepar completely .
For a tsatr , the conveninec ofr us to travel arnud would probably be one of the main arguments .
In some countries , the amonut of transportation such as rtain is nto sufficient , which forc peopl to use private cars .
However , it is aslo ure taht there a awlasy minors who have no choice but to take pulbic trasnprot and als for their parents it is definitely omre relialbe .
Wta is also pmortant is teh impact on the environment , which is already consdierably maaged by uhman technology .
If a car which emits no seriuo glob awrming ag would be developed , there woudl be no arugmen that peopl had bettre erduce our use of ca , yet , as long as we are manufacturing the we could n ifnd more eco - friendly and effiicent way than public transprotatio .
In conclusion , it is my eblie tha it is ont possible ro public tranpsort to disappear in ht future ev thguh travelling iwth acsr is moer convenient than travelling with jsut trains or bsue .
But in hte sam way as csr developmetn , ou goevrnemnts mgiht ahve to mkae smoe progress on public rtansoprt to encourage citizen to be more ce - freinldy .
All of the wodl is contsanlty changing - edveolp a new technologies , people invented ne think .
Bu why ?
To make life eaeir . Pepoel laawys want to make bteter their life .
hwy not ?
I tihnk that the ohme of th future lil be different htan now , ub the amni funciton of the home wo n't change , because for ages ho have been a place where people can feel safely .
veeryboyd thkn hta home is feuge .
In my opinion home in eh fuuter will be simira to present hosues .
There always will be ht kitchen , bceaues we must eat , alway will be the bathroom - you knwo wyh .
A in the hoem alawys will be a room to slepe and relax .
Hmoe in t future mya be more mdoer and safety .
Everywhere will be cameras and moti esnosrs .
Kitchen lil be beetr eguipde , am be wiht smtr appliacnes and people , hw ca n't cook , will prepare th meal by oyursefl .
May be in the future hom iwll be eslf - lcaened adn we need not clena up .
I thikn aht the differences bewteen hmoe now and hmoe in the future will be saml .
Personally houses in the ftuuer will not be cosy , ub very setirle . I do not lik it .
Hom hsould associate with famiyl , hppiness .
Not with cold nad spaicou rooms .
I htin the statement is somewhat rtu .
Travelling by car is geitng more conevnient .
Traffci acicdent , ht amin proble of car traevlling , lil be solved by self - dviing techonloyg .
Althuog driving by cra is less saf than uisng public transrot at pseent , driving will be safe .
ohwever , there is also a problem .
ahving a ca takes cuh money .
Using public transpotr is cheape than having a ac , esepciall liivgn in urban area .
The second proble amy be solved by car - sahrnig .
If no wants to go smoehwere , one c es a shared car which is parked at designated area .
By tihs mehtod , people have to pay samll fe ro use a car , to mcuh money such as having a car .
If car - sharing and self - dirvin technology are mixed , it will be much mroe convenient than both teh conventional public transport and travellign my c .
Pelpe cna go anwyher they wna to go from anwyher .
Peopel do n't ahve to possess their car paying muc money .
It iwll be a en public trapsort .
All my lef I practecd psorts , but definitley my favorite sport is sqaush .
I tsatred to traniing whe I w ten yera odl .
I had nveer played a arquet 's psotr before , so I aw very ecxitde to hit teh small black abl with my racket .
htree tmise a wke I played , hten I went more ofte .
The first year I wetn to a oturnament in Trreon nad I win the fits place , udirng the firs 3 years I was rakning in the first 10 palces of Mexic , b teh I had to reduce my rpactiecs because I had a problem tih my knees .
Play squash is an awesome actviit dn is easy to learn , I voe that tsi game is vre fats na yuo do a lot of exercise .
The bad wes is that in Mexcio is no very common , so it 's a little bit diffciult to find a ifled na is expensive , more or less th price per hour is $ 05 pesos .
For osmeoen new in tsi soprt I would recommdned be pateitn adn consatnt in hte traninig , because ht rpactic is whta make uo better and helsp to improve your elve , and ifnally alwyas enjo the game .
Always bee free .
Nvere ha ayn seirous relationship .
ht longset was at the primary scohol , lasde 2 dasy , because her mother uold cook ht fniest bsicuits eve tasted .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at teh news of si collegaues and firend marriages .
He was so cynical to turn o to be very ntsy nad unpopolar .
Lo last wto nad a laf a year , he kep to remind himse .
Soon or later mariied people will get divocred .
Look at me , he asdi , I 'm ere .
No o is happier tahn me .
Scne one day he met a gril , on the train , eh was n't that beuaty but she ahd , you know , th smile , so peaceufl , so harmonic .
It wsa lvo at fisr sgih .
hte started takling lbamign ro teh tarni late and fate tw hours they ree tsill chatting .
They laguehd so much that htye both forgot to get out at t rigth stop .
The poor two had gone too afr and n htey h to come back .
It aws n't a problem .
They hda a l of fun .
Finall he arirevd .
He siad hello to hte glr smiling .
cihael clos the door na nke at that mometn he had maed a mistake .
Nowadays everybody has en or more ras , as a ocnsequecne of that , osme peopel beilev thta pbuli transport is going to idspapear .
There rae several raeson to beileve that ; firstly , many ppole are influnecde by the adveritsing wcih mixes ahppiness with driving cars and makse people think tha public trapsort is on as a smart option as ca .
In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait ro the bus or the underground .
On hte othe ahn , htree are a numbre of reasons agains the end of the public transprot .
Fro exapmel , oy muts take public tranpsort instea the car because it produces less pollution .
In additoin , public transport is cheap because to ub a ra meaning spend a ftrune and in gi ciite , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tkoio , there are man fcailities as moibl hpon applications or specila offers .
To mu up , no on knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transoptr is as convenietn as by acr or mor becuase it is good to save up moeny nad to reduce contaminaoin .
" Tehre is no future for publci tranpsor because travelling by cra is so mcu more convenient "
In my poinion lss peopl a travelling by publci transport a strated to byu hteir wo cars wihch is more comfortabl to use whenever you er in a hrury or not .
In t ifrts palec y fee more comfortable in yoru own ra ahn in a su for xeampl . You do n't need fe that osmenoe colud suddenly stole your purse or yo do n't have to list to th toher when you trvael by your car .
Studies have shown that you self esteem and feelings of protection incraese when you are a car rdivre .
You do n't have to inudlg staynig in a crowded place with people y do n't nkow .
Saving so mnoey and buy a acr is teh best thing yuo ac do .
In hte secdn lpace not all public transports aer in theri best shep .
Some of teh aer dirt and semll .
If y hvae your won acr these things do n't bothe you namyore cause y awsh yuor cra anytime uo want .
In conlcusino trvaelilng by car is af betetr tah using public trsnport
TRoREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUS , 2014
edar Si ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informde that yo rae loonig a person for wokring in summer camps As .
I infmr yo that I 'm interested in teh job .
I love hcildre , I ahev already worekd iwt them , it sa a wonderfu epxerienec .
I 'm very hardworking and a fnuny person .
My levl of English is very ogdo , today I 'm learning and worki hard to ipmrove .
I would lek to work in this job because I think taht I codl do vrey wlel and I could amuse ht children .
If you ihre me , you wo n't regret .
oyusr faithfully .
Na DE MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear ual !
Thanks fro your e - ma a photos !
ehy a maazign !
I 'm very glad you enjeyd yoru holidays .
Spani must be reall incrdeilbe !
I 'm rwtiing to you to tell you about ht U2 cocnetr , which took place in " Spdoek " arena in Katowice las omnth .
I umts admit thta th is my faovuriet abnd .
I 've laway wnated to see them lvie and fianlly my dremas acem ture .
The ebst of it w that I saw thme erlaly clso , because of my add 's work .
As oy know , he owrks in secuiryt company , called osldi Sfaety na he was papointde to be a obdyguard to vee Bono !
Coul you imanie my reaction , when he told me about it .
Of coures , ehn he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
Thes cikets allow y to ge in to ht IvP zone .
I invited my lcassamte Sally na we went on a coecrt together .
We ewer so excetd , hwen we go on .
Before the ohw we wree helpnig in placing a sounding equipment .
Duirgn hte concert we were standing on the backstage .
Whree ocudl be betetr ? !
After the last snog my dda oto us to the Bono 's room .
He was sginign autographs and chatitng wi fans .
I will never forg it .
My da took even a photo of us with him .
I must sya , he is cuh moer handsome in live hta on th TV .
That 's all of now , but I wlil rwite more , weh I find my feet ! I will appreicate my add 's work foreevr .
Give my reagrd to your parents !
Lo , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this Emali to get some information because I 'm niterseted in studying at your university .
I'm Yousef Nasre Bishara , I 'm form Saudi Arbaai , I 'm 26 year o .
I've bee in ht United State for two eyars .
I'm grantde student by ht governemnt of Suad Araiba nad the scholarship will cover the utitino and everything related to my studei .
I 've graduated in 0201 majorign in accounting wht a degree havnig an accumulate Ap of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came he I haev bee so amibtiosu tha I iwl be gettnig my high studies as soo as I finish studying Englsih , it turned otu hta I have to jum through the olo in order to over ocme thees obstacles wihch I believe it is an ordniary rqeuirements to egt a master 's degree f th ofreign students .
In adiditon , there is rceent statistic htta shsw a ve high percetnaeg of Saudi Arbai stuedtns woh mae to America to do set their master 's degree that they cuodl n't get in university due to osme requiremnets for instance , Rg , G AmT , or veen theri GPA ddi n't meet hte university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of thos student who oculd n't cacomplish theri dream dn go bkc to thei home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get niot uor university .
I would lik to have the orientation materila to inrceaes my chances of getitng itn university and I wlil do me ebts to eg vrey hgih grades in order to incresae my PgA when it 's dade to my transcript , to mu up hwat I 'm oloknig for is to take a preparaiton csas in business to be included in eh final accumulated GPA .
ifnall , I ebileve that it it a great opoprtunity to stud in th United Sattes nad to miprov my education and my lifsetyle .
Besides , I 'm an egaer , mature tsduent wliling to stdu masetr 's degree at your university na I 'm looking forawrd to getting repsonse abc and your recommendations .
sinceeryl ,
I am forty nine yaers lo nad I am a quite crazy , so I kae a ol of mistakes .
In htis writin I iwll comment about one of eh last msitak hta I have ma adn its consequent .
Frist , I want to foc your attentio on the fact thta romally the mistake vae not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they ahve on fi w do uo worry ?
In eh last tri , I parked my car on ht airport apkr , it has amn plants with several gin .
veery plant has a coro sign , red , orange , gerne , bul adn an intermediate color betewen t r an the orange and ihs sa my confusino .
I lfet my c in the plant with th orange color , b when some ad later I looked ofr my cra I mad it in teh plant of t intermediate coolr .
I knew that my car sa on the ist nmuber o hunderd and thitry ifev , buy ht car aw n there .
I spend quite itm thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of teh orange sign and fianlly I ofun my ca .
Dear Thomas
How rae y ?
I 'm nervous to see you .
hte waehter here is snuyn so I ercommend you to brnig usmemr colthe It is sa tta you only ocm f noe week but we will enjoy a lot .
From teh airport to my houes there are just 5 minutes .
When you acme o to hte orad uo need to go srtiaght utnil you reach a restaurnat , tehn you mts go to hte left wheer uo wolud find a big suqar with swings and slides .
Finally uo would s a big de huose with ltos of windows .
oyu wil no regret ocming to Sapin .
S yuo soon .
Recently , studying onlin hsa become a very popular alternative awy to stud .
Although it provides stduetns with lots of advantaegs , on ereything is as good as it sounds .
ifrst of all , stuyding online eos not allow stuedtns to as teacher aobut questinos .
wo can they soev ehir problems if ehre is a lcak of student - teacher interaction ?
What is mo , this ikdn of sduents are between eighteen and twnety two , hwen they need to soicalies an inreact tih other studnet to enyo tehir free time .
Something imopssibel if they stuyd online , whcih means that ehir onyl calssmaet is the copmutre or the laptop tye us .
However , this methdo of studying is cheaper than the common awy , and it also can be completely fee wihhc is a bgi davantage .
Moreover , it allosw you to stduy wit your own yhthm iwthotu thinkin about the erts .
For thse reasons , I perfe the common way hta tsudying online .
Nevetrheelss , I can understadn people who choose the ceond potio .
It is up to uo !
No Future of publci rtansprot :
Nowadays peopl wna to rtavel by htei ow convyeance by their own car , ibke , scooter or soemthin like tha .
Everyone wants to have a tsrses less / happy jounrey whehter it is ro a long route or not .
It is realyl realistci to , becau we all want to svae our ti and wishes for a happy ojureny itm .
onw let me tell you ht scenario of pulbci transport .
First of ll we lawyas need to awti for it nad it will ru accordnig to th schedeld mie onl .
In wnietr it is fine we can adjust in crowd bu if we tla aobut smumer sessoi we ca no adjust when we are travelling in a suffocate environmetn .
We need to obko tickets in advance , in csa we are lpanning to go iv upblci transport because again teh isuse of availability of seats ra there .
I ilve in Trieste , a very beautilu city , ub tihs ciyt has a great orblem : it has a lot of cras , omer tha inhabitants .
Of coruse it 's an exaggeartion , but I sya this to conifrm that in htis city hte unbmer of the cars is very hig .
By the way , ht public transport is n so conveninet , becasue at a ceratin hours you can not ifnd bsu .
In ou city teh ubsse stop at dinight .
Also the ticke price is not chae .
Another proelm of the buses is tah if you take one dirng creatin hours , it 's impossible to find a alce fre to sti down .
So rtavelling by bus is nto convneeint , not on ro ti but also fro eh problem that oyu can fni .
Teh ohte qeustion is that Triseet is stiuated naer Slovenia , weher , the pri of petrol is hceaper than in tialy , so a grta number of inhabitant of ou city prefer to fuel the car dircetly in Solvenia , where teh na find much more competitive prices .
My aftehr vies in Pordenone and he lels cra .
He wast to convicn me to u alternative measn of transport , ubt afte I es the price of tsi ecologcial vehicle I cnosidreed that I 'll uby noe of th on if t pirc ebcomes
loverer .
Crurentyl , poepel think aobu if they can egt goo enlgish in my country or have to move to english speaknig country .
nad after that , it depends on the presoanlity , status ( singel , egnaged or married ) , a even hte age of peolp , they wli edcid to elarn in their own uontry or go aborad for getting enlgsih .
On the hand , stduying abroda is a rgaet opportunity , espceiall fro young people .
hte usually go abroad because thye ahev nto so mcuh responsibiilties jus it rpepares their professional future .
But They ac only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen oprtre or proetr that include accommodation , onrmal wages and you do n't eed high level of engsih .
On teh ohter hand , you mgiht fi yourself getitgn homesick .
Of course , you leave a lo of things , usc as uor faimly , friends , foosd , places , onw thinsg , etc . , adn nboody upt up with bei very afr aw rfo all thsee hting .
Mroeover , pepoel about mid 's 30 yera o , ehy do not usulal leave their cnutry and try to get en lnaguage from are livi .
This way is che as well an hte hva not to change everytihng around tehir ilf to acihev this ia .
In addition , wti this aeg , normally peolp have omr charges , maybe chidlrne , mortgage , partner , tec .
From my opinion , the best way for elraning really good a lnaguage it is living in eh saem country weher people speak it .
So , y do n't hesiatet and move to the ne ocuntry , in which you do on nol egt lagnuage , even different culture nad liefstyle .
Trpagaaran , environmentally frien
The purpose of this report is to expalni th that my town ah become more awre in teh nede of taki care of ht courtyside .
Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the otwn .
Recycling is the soultion
In eh alts five years amny enw bins ahve been istauted near all neighoburhoods .
Ther ra four type of rubbish skip .
On one of these bins are edstnied to lpatsics , onther noe is for wood nad appe , the trid oen is a obttleabnk nad t last one is ofr cells .
Thi one is vyr important because it contaminaets so much .
Apart from that , there are other container ofcused on every ty of objects .
ofr instance , cltohse , seos , otsy , electronic dveices , te .
roe rgene aresa
This to ha not noly fcosued on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of htta 5 enw parks has been created rcenetly .
Those are a gerat plec ehre families ahev a good itm while thye enjoy the ocuntryisde .
Moerovre ersidents hva becmoe mroe conscious after tye have reda the lealfet which epxlani t mipotrance of rsepect t evnironment .
Conclusion
I strongly thikn that it is nceessray to mak people consicous about ht imporatnce of asve eh planet .
In adidtion , more people woul hlep if they can recycle easily .
Dea sr Kate Ahsby ,
I am writing to oy about th job offer for work in Green Peppe Cafe .
I would liek applying for tih vacancy becasue I think I ha most of reuqirement that uo ra asking for .
First of a , cokoing is my passion of ag .
I enjoy learnnig en reicpes and I try to find tu diffenet flavours and senastions ooking .
That is why I am looking for a job ehre I cuodl have the chanc to join my lo wti ocoking to my job .
I worked for more than six years in a uspermakret as lel so , that is why I am accustomed to edla iwt customers and ocp wtih diffciult peopel in busy enivronmetn .
It is no necessar to say I am bal to work with a cafe csheedule , I have epxerience wokring shif days and weekends .
I uold be glad if I colud gte an niterview for givi y more details baout my work experience , skilsl or what y need to sak me .
Yoru sincerely
If y a looking for an enojynnig shopping day , Mardid is the best election .
Mrdid is o of t mots famous shopping ciitse in ht world !
In Madrid , oyu can find cloth of eh best desnigenrs as Carolina Hrerera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some lpacse where y ac find gerat colection with 50% fof .
So , if you prefer save mnoe and look fine , you ha to viist ours oultet weher you ca find a htta you rae looking for .
The best of all is that oyu wo n't hav to go further because yo acn find lal these shops in eh center of Madri .
If uo are wanting ro roe inforamtion , just contact us .
Nowadays people 's life is havnig an unexpected cahneg all becaus lgoblaitation .
In th past people sa to manaeg htei time so they cuodl go to their rok , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation strats in teh 20 's , so a huge amuont of oppulatio ah expreienec this cahng , in my oipnion is kind of good .
Now people ac interact with other people orm other coutnrise by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
hte nde of export an import items h nicreased in ht last 10 yaers consequnelty the life of t people has raised in faster respond .
Eveyroen neesd an instan naswer to what they asking ro , if they send an emai you must received it in le htan 1 minute .
The pesronla contatc shows a dercease in htsi time bceause people do n't wtn to face hteir rae rpoblems , isntea they can see all the pobelms happene in th world by htier smarthpones .
In teh future poeple will comunuet between them by hteir computers , ecllphnoes , tablet and ihs kind of technology wil lead us to a lonle lfie .
Nowadays , we already hev hting lki smart phones , whcih cna enarly do eevrythnig we wna to .
An we have some ohter medai gadgets .
But will people 's lvise reall chagne so dramatically in hte next 50 yesr ?
In my opniion it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that ppole 's lives wo n't change extremely in the next 50 yeras .
Of course thre will exis some more electronical thing ilk so ne hanyd , iwth functoin we coul expe giht onw , and htere wi be osm tohre gadgets .
tu if we speak of hte hcnage of people 's livse ehre have to be some omre dramatcially thnig .
A point wuold be , that nroma people are abel to fly to teh moon or osmething , or if ehre wolud be pepol liivng on eh msr .
But I htin that this wo n't be ab to do .
Even not in 50 years .
To put it in a nutshell we could say aht our global wlrd will be mor electornical , adn ther wil be omr gadegst , ub that wo nt change ou lives dramtaically .
Hi brother ,
I 've been thinking about wah you sdi to me hte previous ewek .
It 's rtu that we do n't pay attetnoin to our grandma 's .
S loves us and eh aawys looks aft us hwe ad an mum oculd n't do it .
I believe that we haven't never thankde re hwat she did nad do ofr us .
Fo tah I 've ha teh ide of givng re a persent .
oyu 're agree with me , are n't yo ?
Yesteady I s a ince presnt for hre in teh enw mall of Jerez , laled Areausr .
It was an amazing gold awthc .
It smeed not to be vrey expensive and was luuxr and lovely .
I thin hta a lcock would be useful as ewll as necssary for he .
What do you think abuo buying it for re ?
If yo do n't thin the same as me you na choose another persnet , I wo n't ahve any problem .
Anyway , we shoul go to the mall togetehr a there we will tak eh fila deciison .
We na go by bu .
oyu only ahv to walk through eh road in front of hoem and yuo will arrive bus tsation .
Then tak the tihr lien and tw stops later yuo iwll arriv ma .
I wi see uo there and I 'll guide you in the mal .
I hope to see yo soon rbohter .
Send me an email when yuo 're able to go shopipgn
Quique
What 's the safest transpotr in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinion any transport is completely saf , however pepol say the plan is eh safest transport .
And , myabe the c is eh most comoftrable .
It is tru that bot are davantages and dsidavantages .
Travelling by acr ca be enjoyable , dangorus an relaxing , I knew htis is a contradiction , tu I acn explain it .
Relaxing becaues yo can travel by yourself , with freind adn with oyru family .
When yuo mek a long tri you cna go without pressure .
If you are trie you c sto at a eprtol station or at a restauarnt to relax yourself , and if in the cra ther aer mroe passengers you cna change wit them , so you will fee lse tire .
Evne travel by car , in my poniion , has a ol of rpoblem .
Some advantages could be :
- Gasolin is to expensive
- There ar n't enough car parks and they are vyr expensive , f example when yo travel to Mdaird it is impossible to find a free parking .
- Otfen you can be invloved in city tfafic jma , especialyl in the rush horu .
This isutation noly is prseent in Caceers wne htere is a ariny day , but in other cities like Mdardi , abrcelona … is a diayl situatno .
I think , rdivnig can be dangeruos because peopl mts erspetc pseed liimts , and ont every tiem that it is .
Poepel does n't wra hte seatbelt , us phones , na evne hteer are oh drin when they are going to rdive .
All thes malpractice cna make tye have an accident and toehr innocent persons are in dangre .
Every holiday , hte GdT , in Spain , make an awarenses acmpagin to reembmer us the good mnaners when we are driving .
On the otehr hand , traevllign by plane peopl asy is safer hte do it in others trnasport .
I do n't make srue this affirmaiton .
I 'm faraid to travel by plane .
I hate th moment when the plane is taikng off , and when it is touching off .
I 'm aarid so that statred whe I was travelling to emxico in my honeymoon .
In this omment tehr sa a tropical sotrm , dn teh turbulences ra ohrribl ; but a not mie I haev stopped to travel by plane .
I nkew is the better option when you awn to travel abaod .
It is true , tha palne is very exepsnive , at elsat I never hvane't be able to boko a cehap ticket .
I look ofr the perfect fofre but in summer it is impsosibel to fni it .
To us up , ll kind of arnsport hev potiive and negative aspects , ubt depending of o neecssiyt we sue one or antoher .
For exmalpe tehre are a lot of ocuntries where bki is teh most mai of transport , kie Blegimu .
I remember three were kilometres nad kilometr of yccle line , on hte ctnrary than hree in Spain , wehre few cities like Madrdi or abrcelona , stregnthen tier su .
I do ont argee wiht the situtaino .
This is ismple bceause no everyone hsa a personal vehicle .
In addition , because of teh gap betwene the upper clas to the lower clas epopel .
Public transport is oen part of social development .
It iwl make people fle ocmfrotable .
The abr chra shows the porjected salse of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jose Co.
Next year in Turkey .
we can s t nmuber of eh projected sales of jeasn of Jack&Jones Co . iwll be at 4 tohusand of pairs in nxe ajn , it will be higher tahn the nmubre of eh projceted sales of ejans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of paris .Then the nmubre of ajkc&Jones Co . will drop to 52 thuosands of apisr in Fbe nex yaer .
after this fall , ht number of Jack&Jones Co. iwll ris up gradually untli to hit th peak at 90 thousands of piars in D.
The projceted sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 105 thousand of apirs ehn it iwll go odwn a title bit in efb .
The number of amng Co. wi grow up steadily from May to July next yera , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for fou months the ge t highset numebr abuot 600 thousands of pasr in hti period .
T pie cahr share illustratse the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jcak&Jones Co.and others comapnie in jeans at the end of enxt yaer . Jac&ojne Co.iwll get 30% of hte proejcted marke hsar in ejan , Mango Co. tak 20% of it .
However , others companies wi dominte the hla of t rpoejcted mraket hsare in jaesn next year .
Very different morning
Th doorbell rna .
Whne I opeend the doro imagine my suprrise there aws a small present left on t gronud .
I lokode aorund but no en was there . "
Hmm ...
Is that rpesent for me ?
" I sake myself quietly .
Besides I wa not sure whether I should atke it up .
I lokoed around oen mor time bu still I di n't es anyone .
As it wsa quite eayl in teh mornin there was just sielnce everywhre .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the prsenet on th tabel .
But ebfore openin it I decided to mak a c of rgee tea to cml dwo a ibt as I felt nervous enouhg .
Wihle t awetr w boiling a lot of dfifernet thoughts came into my heda : " I do n't ahev na birthday otady and there a few mo months until Chrismtas ... What could be the reaso fo ushc a nice present wrappde in a pink paper ?
Maybe someen wishes to make some little srupries for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
" I ecnouraged myself .
Oh , if oy knew - that present made my day !
Wehn I opened it I found htere my favourit chocolate with ver cet ' Thna you ' letter .
I got it fro my nieghbour nad he jts aw so tahnkufl for my help tidying up ihs garden we beofer .
Acutalyl I lev erceivign rpesent .
Tehy colou the world , thye lift you up !
dn there is a truht : t more you give , the omre you get abc !
Although many peopl believ that our lives are getting better tna they where 20 years ga , scientist prvoe that if we carry on wiht oru ways of living suin , for instance omdern technolog , we wi lose ocntorl of our live .
Technology h reached such a point where we need to do anythin in order to hcieve something .
To support thsi idea , a sutdy was conducted 6 months ago .
ht stud treid to xeplai peopl 's eractoin to differen resources .
Peolpe where given eh atsk to wriet a piece of writing of tehi chioce using the resources alraeyd provided by the institution in charg .
ristly , hte ewre givne 5 books of differnet usbjects .
Out of 20 tetsed people , 17 managde to write theri composition within an hour .
ceondly , keeping t main atsk , th were given a atblte with iwerless connection to use nistead of books .
This tiem teh study shwoe that al of t applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
T objectiv of this study aws to see how people adapted to nwe tecnhologies and how oru cultural roots ra ieng forgtten .
Th , this tsudy occnluded thta in aruodn 50 years form on , people iwll have worked , fed , showreed nad even lived wihtout leaving there homes .
If technology is leading to those iknsd of conesuqences , we shlud start to relaise how to use technology properly without neednig to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Motnserrat Máuqez , I am 23 yeras ol and I am really interested in th advretisement I saw the other ya obut working on summer capms in the USA . I ahve worked beofre tu in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I wolud be a perfect candidate fro this job .
As a matter of fac I have been camping scne I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps whne I wsa 18 eyar dl .
I am a suitable person ofr hte job because I esd to work with children of all ages , but I prfeer to pya with ikds between 8 and 12 eyar lo , also I am always trying to pmrove different cativities therefore avodi getitng boerd , and I do not min working in oth areas of the cpm .
To smu up I wolu kie to partiicpate wiht y , and I can promise y will not rgeret it , I ohpe to ehra from yo soo .
Your faithfully ,
Montserrat Máruqez
It 's ince that oy ifnally dceidde to come to visit me .
I promise you will nto regert to come , everything eher is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visti .
Is easy to gte to my apartment fmo the airport , uo can tak a taxi na lel the driver to atk you to the powder stree , wh you eg tehre you sut call me and I gte theer , my apartment is not far from hta tsrete .
Is hcaeper to travel by su but it is not very saef , you nee to take a taxi , is a b more expensive but is much asfre .
T weather is changing , in the omrning tehre is hig winds , at t afternoo it is snuny , dn in the ingth it is veyr cold .
oyu hsuold bring nice but duralbe lcothes .
I 'll wati her , and I aelly want to see .
Have a good trip .
See oy soon .
If yuo wtn to ebcom an artsit or politicna , yuo must be erday ofr jounralists follwoin you all ht itm .
I usppose hta sometimes celerbiites enjoys people gossipping abuot them .
dn of coures , unknown cator call for some pieces of attention .
In my opinion they aer al peopl as we er . They have their own lef ,
that is why I do n't understand why is it so importatn f people to nkow hwta happenes iwt celebtiy ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wka up na see camera 's flsah !
Alos when y spend time wht your byofriend or girlfriend , oy know hta someen is tikng a photo of you .
In my opinion , aec perno , withou erfernece is it celebrity or on , deserves his wo priavet life .
Am I right ?
WSy TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONEmNT
nitroduction
ht ami of tihs erport is to niofrm about the ways in which my village crarise tu measures to look atfer hte environment .
For th , we iwll analyse esveral sapetcs ushc as what lola residents do wtih the rubbish nad how Laajrón tries to kee hte aera lcean a amke it ttractive to people .
Recycling : The bts aw to deal iwt th rubbish
Nowadays there is more and mro rubibhs bceause of ht high maount of package used to wrap products adn inrcaese in consumption .
In Lanjarón as in the rest of th vlialges and town pepole are gettign used to buynig an cosnuming cuh more thna they use to do in t past .
However , in recent years my vlilag hsa been promoting ways for people to g ird of teh rubbish in a consciou way .
A nubmre of recycling nis have been placed around eh ivllage na ciitzesn are benig enocuraged to jni several ongoin courses to raies ehir awareenss of the importacne of recycling .
For htese reasons , what pepole suually do wti their rubbish in their daily ruotine is to osrt it adn put it in t ocrrect bin .
Keeping the vlilgae lcea and attarctive
Lanjarón is en of the oms truist villages in the region La Alpuajrr ; tehrefore , it is vre important obht for the council and the lacl reisdents to keep the ivllage clean .
To get thi eh uoncil sets difefrnet environemntla activtiise ro teh citizens to take part in .
For isntance , mnothyl it is held a competition where praticipnats have to lcaen and ipck rbubsih up from different areas of the village .
At ht edn of the compeittio ohse whos area is celaner dn attractive receive an awdr .
Conclusion
We vae to bear in mind h importan eh environment is to us .
If we ll wree aware of htsi a ddi smotehing to help it in our daily routines , the lpanet would thna us ro tsi .
Tree are two poopsite opinions aobut military esrvic .
On one , nad miliatr service must be mandatory .
Otehr consedr thta it is military sevrice is unnecessary na sohul be voluntary .
First of all , the is no asbloutely sfaet in th modern world .
There are dfifeernt dangers of a miliatr nature such as trerorist attacks , wars and other armed ocnlficts .
Tehrfeore , compslory sevric at in eh arm gise specla miltiary knowledge , whcih ehlps the population to protect their country duirng a miliatry conflict .
As a eruslt , there aer more chances to ovcrome eh conflict with miniumm human losses .
Secondly , eh mandatory mliiatry srevcie can develop t chartcer of a person , mkaign it stronger .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develpos organiztainoal skills dn pratcice discipline .
Moreover , it acn educate youn people be more self - relaint , ebcasue the mjaroity of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be inedpnedent fmo thei parents .
Howveer , the critics claim htat obligatory miiltary service is a wtse of time an ahs a negatev impca .
For example , it is difficlut to fnid a good ojb or go to universiyt after military srevcie , becaes during t one or ow years of esrviec , sodleirs do not develop any knwoledge except milityr .
Aos , the time spent serivng in hte amry can uporot or seraate families or friends ' raltions .
Another big proelm is that miiltary service is dangerous an ah a rsik .
hteer a different physical exercises htat can be harmful to healt .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen iwth gsn or weapons ushc as explosions nad accidents .
Furthermore , tehr er hazing acts at in the aym .
It measn taht slodires hwo ahve alread reved sem time , ublyl and baet up new recruits for fun .
These acts fotne turn otu to be tragic having a olgn opst traumatic effect on eh young person or even olss of life .
Army yesr otfen hev an impact on t whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sen to the warozn .
ifnally , tree is a rey complex topci and obth oipnoins have advantages na disadvantages , but it cna be see tta t milityr situation is nutsable in the wrol .
This measn htta people need to know how to protce themsevles nad miliatyr servicse is a good way for it .
I pref to eat at hoem
Firstly , teh food I make by myself is mroe turstflu htna the food tha is made in restaurant .
Becasue I do n't konw wha kinds of ingredients the restaurant p .
Aos th fodo I make by myslef is much healthire .
Bceause lal of the retsuarants want to eanr omney , so they will jsu use cheap na not healthy ingredients to co the food .
But if I amke my o food , of course I wo n't use any kidn of unehalth ingredients .
So teh fo I made by my wo ahnds is safer than nay other fdo htat is maed in restaurants .
And laso homemade ofo has better qualti than olw price rsetaruants .
Secondly , it 's mcuh cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn noey .
So you can save lots of money if yo cko at home .
Smo people think cokoing themselves is too nanoying or tired so they go ou to eat .
But actually if yuo cook muc you acn use you eneryg so uo ac consume yo weight .
slo if you ocko three times a day your cookin ability will go up .
Thidrl , eating at hoem is more comfortable .
When ppole a surrounedd by strangers people all think they are wcthing me so I ca n't do tha or tih .
But if you eat at ho you do n't need to be craing htat somebdo will look at yo oep yuor mouth oto big or talk too luod .
Alos the restaurant do n't know ho much oyu can aet , so osmetime hte giev uo too lse ofo you do n't gte full .
Or someitmes htey igev y oto mu fo so yuo hvae to htrwo it aawy .
dn as yo onw , trhowing food away is a bad habit to do ihch makes our plate , Erath will be polluted
Fourthl , you wo n't have to wtse oyu time gonig tu to find a restaurnat and come back ohem .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait f ht hcef to ook other 's fdo first . oy can asv time if yuo aet at ho .
Ffithly , we ca hav a faimly tmi while eaitgn .
Of course , it do n't mena that you ca n't tal with families when you eat outside .
Btu if oyu eta at home wti your afmily oyu can ahev a ojke while preparing diseh or talk abou their own prviat lfie htigns .
Becau it 's not efel free to talk antyhign outsdie because the people at t next tabel mig aer what yuo er talking about .
So by having a famliy tim while eaitng hem oyu can have a tlak an be a much closer family .
Because of these iknds of advantages and erasosn I prere to eat at home .
To s up , the fundamental characteristic of social meid is the design of " Viraul profile " , it qeuires tmie to maintain connectoin between ilnk , feinds and be part of groups , ihs connections will procue negatives effects espceially on spychological well - ebing .
This outcome , along with several stduise suggests reasonabl su of conntcion media .
However , it is also likely thta people 's life , cuh as loenliness and depression , mihg explain teh fefects that social emida acn have .
Furhtermore , it is also possible that in a future pepole iwll be a sbuject rseposnes , posts a cah rooms , in wihhc awareenss of wrong vocabulary , opro rotuines and compulsive sue .
In ocnrtast , one poistiev apsetc of social mdeai ocve the education rae , in whic eh konlwedge , the expansion of ideas , and t dicsvoer of diffreent ways of learning wil contribute in eh commuinty .
Soem peolpe claim thta life will hcnage a to in the next ifve decades , btu , hwo wi it hcange ?
On hte one nad we have techonolgy .
Technology has devleoepd really fats in hte alts twenty years so it 's expceted to develop the asme awy in the nxe fifty yeasr .
Cell phnose are a great xeample of this veolution .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't ahv music or a camera , while nowadays thye hvae camera with ihgh definitno a you ac download a lot of suic .
On the other han we have transport .
Rihgt on peopl are starting to yu hyrdualic cars whhc is mor ceo friendly and cheap becau yuo do n't nede to spend money in gas .
Basing on this we ac assume that this ki of cra will be ht only ones on the streets fitfy aers rfom wo .
Science will also change .
veeyr aspce of science wli evolve , for example new medila sicoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have t chance in t next fifty years to confirm the hteroies bauot the existence of atoms .
To s up I belieev that poeple lives wil change a lto because eevryhting iwll evolv .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to wtac movies as other etenagers .
My favruite kisd a comedis , edtectiev dn olev stories .
I mostly like cmoedeis beacues they creta my mood upt me in ihgh spirit .
They help me to devlop nad to ee hte world to a difernt perspective .
Peopel like to watch movi , because it 's a fnu pastime an it substitutes bokos for lza people .
amny pepole tnik living in the counrtyside rpovides a better wa of life .
sot of us think it 's a great ied , but is it better tha uo comfortable life in the city ?
Wuol we live bette without technoolgy ?
As we know the coutnrsyide has no polltuio comapred to big tonw , bceasue there ra n't ras , olrries , mpoed or any other motor vehicle .
If we lievd there , we wolud eat healthier food with no chemicals , wha it 's good .
On th other , ahnd technology makes our lif easier .
We can get information , chta wiht rfiend or even ord food instantly wtih Itnernte , hoewver unfortunately we do n't have it in ht countryside
I agre iwt people who htikn ehy would vae no prbolme to leav their lives dn statr a n ojb in a farm olny to be in touhc wti ntaure .
However I htnik huamns have evolved dn we are rey hpapy iwth tcehnology and Internet .
ehre is no odubt tta suing your private car is mcuh mer cmofortalbe & covneinent for any person .
oyru car represents a kidn of luxury & comfort hwic is clearl illustrated during drviign or travellnig f long distances as long as yo have a comfortable seat wht a certain pesroanl zone area .
Moreove , you ac control oyu driving spede as fast or slow according to your omod and so you won your time .
In addition to that , you can tek osme rts amidst the juonrey .
Even after your arirval , uo will ahev yuor own ca to go heer & tehre fleetly & freely wheneevr you li so you ha a flexible schedule .
Furhtemrore , you ar to accompaneid by smo sliyl psasengres or difficult perso durgn your tpi as uo will relsih yuor rtip with osem adorable friend , ince fmaily 's members or colse oclleagues taht you have chsoe .
Bedies the prseenc of a acr druin a tpi is evyr important for ocping with hte different conditions envornments uo are aficng during th journey .
On th other hand , pulbic transprot n become no hygieni as lot of people are rcowde inot a mslal nad clsoed are and so a ol of breathes & air droplets are easliy propagaet in this enclosed place a consequnetly , yuo er more susceptible to teh varuos contaguos diseasse especially in the iwnte season where the respiratory tract inefctiosn floruish e.g. clod & fl .
Furhtermore , you acitosn an momeents aer limite by t schedule nad the tarck of eh transportation mean you a taking .
And so oyu do n't nw yuor ti to do waht you want wheneve y li alhtouhg thsi is my leisure , my free item wihch emasn eh time of relaaxtion & medittaoin .
No Moer alarms or nioys alerts are requide during ihs miporatnt and cie period of tem .
My town is noe of the cleenst otwns in my cuotnry , th autohritise have been arranged amny proceudrse to ensure taht t town keeps clean at hte same time be environmentally frienldy procedures .
As a first step to keep the enviornment lcea and healthy is that the agrbage needs to be seaprated into 3 parts that is wh the evnironment department decided to give each house three recycel nis , o fo food and rgene garbage , one f only appers and catroons and ht last is f the ers .
Anothe handy rule has bee decided wihch is eh palstic na the galssse need to be thrwo in different bins htta er available for th pubci udsage in eac supermarket cenre , in these pelpe can nid these bnis in easy destinations vaaialble evreywhere .
All the previous setps and mroe are being pplied by my town sitziesn in order to improve the enivrnoment quailty and go long wht all hte procedures th hel th liv happily healthy life .
Tree should be a future ro pbulci transport .
It is roe ipmortant than ever for anyo to htin before using own car .
Fisrtl , we have a big issue on global warming . We can ont deyn hta we have more and omer xetreme weather raonud the glove ude to green house gases .
We are damaigng uo planet .
Secondly , we all nkwo teh fossi ufles , we amnily r ru vehicles by , will not last forever .
We rae isng up our ivtal reosurce in fast pca .
We rae used to jsut turn hte lights or air - conditioning on weh we do n't really need it .
It is exactly the saem of drinig cra .
A to of us , juts tunr the engine of uor cars witho considering walkin up to eh b stop .
Pbulic tarsnport sytem in the UK has so myn problems to oslve .
Th rae is hihg compared to other European countries and hte faer ssyte is complicated .
The puntcuailty of trains needs to improvde greatly , too .
In my oipnion , we ne to save future for upblic transport f our future adn it is vatl to reduce hte use of rpviate acr . rtavelling by c is more conveinent but wiht improved pulbci transport , we need to reduce ues of ras .
Taht is ou responsiiblit for future generation .
la in noe - come and watch
Have yo eev be ask to mkae a decision nad chsoe only one thnig out of mnay that yuo relaly like ?
I am sure oyu ahev .
And htne yo alway wonder what woudl ahev happende if you had chosen the alternativ .
Myabe yo jus missed something really sceial ...
Y do n particularly like tta feeling , do you ?
Ther is a rgoup of young people who deicded once hta it is rdiiculous to choose if yuo ac ahev all in no - do yuo want to meet them ?
Actually , you will ahv a cahnc so .
Teh de Dragno hteatre Group is comin to our otnw ne week .
Tye iwll bring a lo of godo esns of humoru , msuic , danc , na aynthing oy can htin of tta sholud appea on stgae .
hteir mni concern is to mek oy htink , laguh , ambye cry a ib , btu baoev all to gvie you a erat time .
I te oyu iwl love thme at ifrst sight .
To maek teh nog story short - yo ca not miss tsi event !
The rgoup is going to eprform in The Gloeb theatre and htey have promsie to meet you expecttaoins .
hte choice is obviuos tihs itme ...
Simply , come and watch .
' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi fli , directed by Alfosno Cuaron , starring Goerge Cloeny and asndra Bullock .
hti amazing film is about wt people rfo a rcew of astronauts esnt out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' etlescope .
Sono one of tme aws ifnormed taht an asteroid ti a satellite nad rcetaed debris , which was heaidng for the Shuttle , hweer the tw astronaut were .
Eventually eh debris hit t Shtutle nad th more debris was created which too t orbit of aerht a moved around it with a very hig speed .
Teh damgae which th impact of the dberis caused to Shutlte wre catastrpoihc !
All of teh crew but two wer kield .
To survvie the astronauts hda to egt to t Itnernational Space attion which aw vre far waa frmo the .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost si ilef and so noyl one of the crew remain alvie fighting fro eh usrvvial .
Atfer the lon esquenec of events th remainni astronaut first go to teh Ss tehn wtih urssian spacekraft mvoe on to th Chinese scae station calle ItANGONG .
And so th astornatu alunche the escap p a got hmoe !
Her struggle for svrival ocucrs to be successful !
" rgaivty " is indeed a grea ifl a morevoer , I mysle recommend it to oyu , students .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is prboabyl th smalles tnw in Colombo distritc provides shelre for omer htan 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of teh a governed by the urab ocuncil .
Th Garba notrol service is one of th main uspporitng subsdiiarise of eh urban council which was ofunded two yaers aog .
ifev yera ago , the tow idd n't haev any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
Wtih thi garbage cnotrol stsem , houeshold waste ebign collected on weelky basis nad transported to recycling centre .
eh recycling centres sort the garbage na are pu nito different categroies to be recyclde , categorize garbage are then transported to the reyccling prcoes in the nearest factory .
Tw years aog , t council started a wasteabsket distributing program among the villages wti eh intention of easing the garbage collection prcoess .
With this approach , it is ver convenient for hte workers woh rae engaeg in teh garbage ocntrlo service ebcuase the acn collect all hte garbage of a village in one place .
Meanwhile , teh urban council highly discourage the sue of pltsic pdoucts na ohter ratificia amterilas ro the ask of our own cleanliness .
Villagse on the other hnad , doing their bets to reduce t load of doemtsic waste .
Noawday lots of peopl ar discussing the prolbems of ilfe in ht next 50 years . in 50 yesr ,
sueryl , csience nad tehcnology will
progress , dn this could have moe rpos an cons .
I think that in 50 aers t public tranpsort wli be more efficietn .
plan , trnis and buses will be fastre and may thanks to the progress of technology we could aem - up every hwere .
Aos thanks to hte rporgess of medicine we will achieve osme important golas .
doctor wll be abl to rue laso tehal diseases .
This will be a gerat achieveemnt !
body - cmomunication , for exapmel , wli lose his importance . a the communication will be ivrtual , people will speak noyl on social netwokrs .
I think taht ihs will be darmatic ! also all relationship and rfinedships iwll be virtual , and that is basurd .
we will bceome robots , no logner peolpe !
Hllo ahrry ,
Everything is going great !
What 's about you ?
I 'm so pleased you 're wiatin for me .
You asked me whta ti would i arrive .
According to the schelue rtian arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
poe oy wo n't stcuk in t monring jam .
Tehn what aobut my loko .
( Wht this eltetr I 'll esdn oy my new hpoot , b ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
ujs in acse I 'll be ewaring that yellow aht you sent me alst year .
Do oyu remember it ?
I 'm so excited to spend htees weeks with yo and I 'm real plesaed to emet Eielen .
Mayb I should rbin her sm rfo here ?
what she preefrs?(I remember you said eh liked chocolate .
For sur she has to taste oru local chocolate .
Or amybe seh wants smt else ?
sa her . )
I madly want to vist fereis wheel in Lodno .
Ho we 'll ahev neough time to go there .
Also we acn go to smo parks htat I tihnk are incerdilbe there .
Anywa we 'll dsicuss hwere to go aft my arrival .
( So do n't nee to hruyr on . )
Thanks ro crae .
Looking fowrar to emte you and oyu afmily as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll hva fantatsic holiday otgehter !
Kin regard ,
Farcnois
Faces in the Crdw is an excellent opiton for those ilek me woh love watching thriller omives .
It tells the sroy of a beuatiful woma , played by the alway stnuning an talented atcress Milla Jovovi , w is plueld off a bridge by a mysterious serial kliler .
Despite surviving th attack , Milla lose th abilit of recognize faces , and thus she can to tell pelpe apart , whhc means anoyn ocudl be the pyscho wh trie to kill eh , nad she could be in great danger .
As tem oges by , Milla laern h to identify pepoel 's bod gestures , as eh ebocmes omr confident with her new abili , eh lif cmo slowly cak to normal , bu nto f too long , of she becomes suspicious teh muredrer can be cloesr ehn she wou ever epxcet .
No one c figer it out uitl ht very ne .
People are uong or old , rich or poor , go through stages of pus and donws in their lievs .
For most of friends in the odrm of Unviersiyt of Education , Mimi is just an oridnary glr , neither beautiful onr smart .
But ro Michael , she is his owrld .
He loves Michea at firs sight wh he first met and tried to taek any advantages of opportuniteis to win h herat .
There is no doubt thta the Southrener in Vietnma have perjudicse agaisn Nortehrner for a long itm .
It is unfortnuaet of Mcihale to g acces to her bceaues hs is a Southerner .
Overcoming umch prejudices adn obsatcles rfom ehr family , he provde to be a yoal a sincere man hw imim ca l her hpo on .
ub everything ha changed siec he came to Danang tiy to further sutdy .
He began to hav intimate erlationships iwth other beautiful young girl there a rboke his promises- " awit for me !
I love oy foerve and I wlil come bcak ver soon .
I'll never lov any girls ubt you " .
In terms of love , he d n't love her anymo b he still ketp octnact with he .
Poo Mmi!.
She did n't know anythin adn still waited in pain .
She could have got marri iwt a tlaented man if she had n't bleeived in what Mcihael had said to her .
Evreything is fin until hte end of last summer wehn she had smo days fo and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to vsii eh boyfrined without any notice fo him as a resault of caunig completely surprisse .
Nevre in hre lif had she been to as crowded a city as Dangn so s fef very nervous bu extremely excited about meetin he olver soon .
giht after rfom taking fo teh pnae , she traveled to si dorm to mete ih with a vie of satisfyin eh long watiign for mi .
ht mo ecxtied she is , the more dissappiontment she da . Miim catch sigth of her levr aws kissing anotehr young gir in his oro .
hs burst nito teras making efforts to lea that oom as fast as possible .
Micahe closed t door nad knew at that moment he h made a imstak .
Dear Mikel ,
ehy!h are you ? H is li going ? Hope oyur done wi yuo presgiious exams that yuo tol me aobtu .
Anyaw I ve recently een oragnizign an envirnoemnt saving event for uo breathtkain city by doign a recycling cmapaign .
iscne your da ah recycling fatcory I taught hta he would be elased getting the bottles na the other recyclable materia as ewl .
Asewl as you know in o ocuntry thre 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things aht are thorwn are rceyclabe .
ihs is th ian reason why ou evnironment is getting destoryed .
The cahirty I choes to invest in w eh envrisoavers charity , as they vae recntly oden a good job in re - ubilding ainmal habitats so I taught that they might need monye since thye just spend money in building hbaitat .
İn the event three will be charged etnertainments for all ga gruosp , htere will be lvie muci , we also have a ltoetry which will be going on .
Waitin for your response adn hel on they ad do n't forget no amount is oto msall .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
ahnk yuo for oyru lettre .
It was great to hera from you .
It hsa been such a long tem since we wrto to ecah ohter .
eh fisr thing I awnt to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with suic 's elssons .
You never todl me that oy ewr tihkning of palyign an instrument .
Wh kind of instrument are oy giong to play ?
In my opinion , you shoul tr to ogranis a cshedule for yuo activities .
Do nt forget to have itme neuogh to go otu tih your family a frneds ehre !
If I wer you , I wou try a peri of proof f a month .
If you do n't folol the schedule , oyu should give up o of them .
ro instnaec , you ahev bee doing sport iscne I mte you so as to give up it for a season .
Do n't oy tihnk so ?
I ohpe that 's sueful.gdo luck adn elt me kwo how oyu te on .
olokin forward to hearin for you sono
Dear Mrs Eilsa Setpehns ,
I 'm Vnicezno Manna , an enignereing student woh , by means of linugaenglish , is giong to spend there eweks in Birgthon ( as you alreday kwo , my colleague Gelsomian Davide na I ar arrivin enx 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask oyu jts a piece of inforamtoin .
On I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a trni which let me reac Brighton ?
Srufing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I wil be able to egt off in several station ( Coahc station , Patcham , Preston Ccrus and so on ... ) while trvaelling by rtian I can choose between Brihgto and New Brightno .
So , could you tell me wha is the best w to rcah your hou ?
I hope to miprove my English slils thnak to thi jounrey , and espeically my ilstneed and spoekn Engsih .
In afct , I am studying a l to pass eh CAE examitaion ( ecrtifiacte in davanced English ) , btu I am facing esevral diffiuclties .
Also f this reaosn , I have chosen to spen tih epriod in a family .
nideed , I thnik this is the ebst way to improv , listening to na speaki wti native Enlgish people .
I 'm looking frowrad to seeing you oso ,
Yours isncerely ,
nicenzo nana
My anme is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen distirc sicne 2010.I ofund htat this raae is hcanged so raipdly , suc as , Now it hva a l of condomdeium wer buildeda long hte main ro an nowaday this area has a big shopping mla dn modern hosptial and large police tsation that 's mka my life so conveniecne and sfae because i can walk from my house to go to shopipgn mall baout 10 mniutse other tha i can walk to hsopital ujs bauot 5 imnut so i did n't worry when i got iskc and The lraeg police stiton is te in fornt of the hospiat th can assu safety f eevryon woh liev in htis area .
ro htsi reason , This is the adventages of livin in this raea btu beacuse of amn populations in this raea that amek traffic in eveyr rush hour especially in the omrnnig very ma a take so long ti to drive a ca to work that is t disadvantages of livng in tihs aer so , In my oipnio , thsi aer sohlud hev miprovde trnapsortation infrastrucutre like ivnestmnet in Sky train syste to lnik coveerd around this aer .
ray and Ambe weer having lunch at a erstauarnt .
They wree very excited abou chooisng th foods on t mneu because they we first time eating here .
ohweevr , amr saw a oyung ma with basbeal cap taking aaw sometihng .
Wh she as eh seco tim , she found hta wa Ambre 's bakcpack .
Ma yelled loudly at the young mna to acll him stop dn everyone in the rsetauarnt noticed about ihm .
Teh young man dropped odw the abckapck rapdil and tried to r away .
To ihs surprised , Ambe and ht manaegr of htsi restuaarnt ahd laread stood in frnot of ht door .
Teh manager tlod them tah thi guy ahd stolen many tsoers in the tnw , final they got him .
As a reslut , even tohuhgt he kep expressign his apologist to Amber , she still decided to lal th poliec .
After hte oplice took mi aaw , ray adn Amre kpe ejnoying their ood .
The bts of all is that the manager said tier me is free .
Althouhg teh tow movie are of complete difefrent genres , siimlariites still exsit .
Th stories of Stephanie na il in Rsut and obnse , na ta an Tfiafny in th Sliverlinings Playbook all began with their ilves gonig through life - altering evnts .
In Ruts an obne , Stpehanie nijure herself in a brawl otuside of a cbu and wakes up to eralize she had her legs apmutatde .
Ali , an uenmployed fathre in his mi-20s who is struggling to mek end meet and support hi yuong sno , sevs Stepahnei dn hepl her get bakc on her feet .
As they suppotr ea other through tier hrasdhips , loev smes .
Similarly , Pat nad Tfifayn wer also giong trhuogh hard times when teh fisrt met .
ta had just gotne ou of rehab of bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , hw da ujst olst re job .
Once gaai , their erlationship began as frineds and transforms into love as htye help each tohre conuqre personal challengse .
In smu , both movse portrayed loev as a cheimstry reatcion taht stems o wne two pelpe wilnig to help each toehr otu of ilfe challenges .
In t movie of Rust and Bno , Ail takse Stephanie going out and swimmign , even has sex with her , helping Setpahnie to restor eh life .
On t other hdn , aftre Ali starts his ikckboxing carere , Setphanie alawys cares about his conditions , then becoems his middleman .
Same as Rsu a obne , in the movie of Svler Linnigs Playbook , Pat copmanies wtih Tifafny to break waya form hte apts ; and Tfifayn hlep Pat to ge the courage to find ht way abkc int lov .
All they awnt to do is to repair the lvo meanings and find happiness in ehir life .
Bo the movies lda hapyp endings to the lead .
In eh ne of Rust adn bone , Stephanie is abck to eh lif ceause of Ali 's suppotr .
lai eraliezs he loves Stephanie a he wo n't be t man he used to be anymore , w do n't believe in love and nol want one night stand .
And in Silevr Linings Playbook , ap an Tiffany , who both uesd to stuck in htei misfornue in t pass , leave their apss behind and move on with eac otehr 's olev and support .
This two omveis igv us a concept : no matter h wosre the lives er , love can make peolp brave and find out eh valeu of lives again .
Albeit thoes things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depressno of characters cma from differtn situation .
Pat an Tffany rae trapped in tehir pyscologicalyl difficulties ; apt 's desire of his ex - wife ca not be fulfilled , while Tiffany cna not egt evr her guilty of hre husabn 's death .
However , characetrs in Rust an obn a suffering form declined life quality ; Stephnaie lost hre legs , and Ali is an impecunious ma .
Although tehri hearts aer lal empty , the ahrhs environment is mro hra to surivev .
In addition , love is oprtraeyd in different wsy in these two movise .
Silver Linings Playboo , as a Hollywood mvoie , describes th love sto in a hilariuos toen .
The sceen is bright a ht rhythm is ligh even if in th sadde section .
Rus na Bone , on the oehr hadn , presents story in a realsitci way .
Teh director does not avoid brutal sceen because those er exactl prast of erla life .
In colcusion , every olve voie amy be interpreted in diverse yas , whereas people cou alawys find distinct isnpirtaion .
In my opniino , begn icnluded in teh ferhs TV enws is a huge contributoin , great opportuinty to introduce youreslf in the w yuo ilke it .
It is opssibel to fnid many examples which ocnfirms that argumen .
In htees times , we ac floolw sbd 's Twtite newsfeed , ' like ' his Faecobog fanpage adn , of cousre , follow ne abou thos famous people .
They 're bien followed ocnstantly by paparazzi , htier privaet photos are ebing bought for mlilions of dollars .
Of course begn in a siimlar situatoin dose n't se to be easy but I thnik htat it is noe of the prcies of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of soiceatl nad environmental probelms .
They both mu be solved because of hteir great negatvie influence on the wolrd .
On the no hnad , I tnik hta teh most sginifiacnt is scoietal problems because the cause other porbelms including environmental on .
People always su nature and st resources to satisfy their needs .
However , poepl hva epxloitde teh ntauer since the lts ecntury .
htei activiite caused lots of negative consequenc such as air , awtre na lan polluiton , deforestatoin an climate change .
htese isseu are so burning in deveolping countries .
Wehrea developed countries became aawr of these problems , poro countries hvae plenty of oscietal problems , so the contniue to influence th environment in a engtaive w .
Tah 's why I conisder th soicetla isuse are the mo dangerous .
ro exampel , devepoing conurties can no portcet the environment beacuse of tehi poevtry , low incomes , an oppulation illiteracy .
On the tohre ahnd , sometimes environmental problems acn be a reason ofr societal one .
It took place when osm natural disasters happneed .
usc dsiastesr as earthquakes , floo and tonrdaos affect a lot of pepole evry yera .
It sa an unwilling impact on coiety as people er forced to save ehir lives , leave or renovate thri uoses , loo for cloteh , food and otehr .
Unfortuntaely , we can to pretend natural diastsers , btu we can slove osciteal prbolem .
In my oipnoin , teh main decision is to develop people 's potential , inrcease the awareness of resonal effects on natru .
If people kae responsibility for their actions , we wi avoid plenty of consequences .
As of me , we can acihev this thorugh developing leadership .
We ums have sorng leaders hw will srtvie fo a beautiful wlrd .
Peolpe ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; thye think onyl about tehri wealth .
A good leader must form a soictey , show an examlpe and porvid ebtetr values ro poepel .
He must inspire otehrs to achieve appropriate goals dn to do tehri bts of the wolrd .
In my organizaito , we strive ofr paec in teh wordl .
We belieev that we ca develop leadership in eahc epsron and suhc ways we can avoid a lo of global problems .
hti xechnage progra wlil giev me t required knoweldge taht I can us effectvieyl to develop Ukrainian society .
Somitmes I haev an opportnuity dn desire to do something whereas I do n't nkwo ho to do it properl .
I hope ihs international experience will teach me hwo to work on increasnig cuontr welfrae .
Thuog the ne problems occur qucikly in o state some ppole dn community , tr to do their ebst to develop eh civil and democratic scoiety .
We nede etxrenal help to ifnd ou how to poe wit bht soicetal and envinoment problems .
Moreover , ou country pays ilttle attention to hte so pouplation should do everyhting on their own .
ofr isntacne , I ohpe I wli be able to te to kwo everything about recycling rubbish and ecoonmizing energy .
htese skills are necessary fro us , nad htey help us to improve a little o ecologicla stiutaion .
In conclusion , eac probelm must be solved concerning societal an environmental issues th impede a fuhter progerss of our civilization .
What is more , th projcet lil giv me available experience including sepcifci siklls hta I can use to spaed helahty tendency in eh social pshere and caerful atttiudes to eh environment .
Television can entertain everybody today , it deos n't matter the age , can be a baby or an dlest eprsno , we can notice that there aer interestnig otpisc for ll kinds of audieec .
It 's a multimdeia device hta hwile you watch TV , oyu can liste and see other people or acrtonos , and it seme ht characters rae alive taklnig directly to you .
Toda hte networks vae a cshedule of 24 ohurs of activities , uo can watch the porgram at ayn ti you nat to , and if uo do n't liek a rpogram yo cna chnage teh channel na watch anything esle , if the increase of hcannels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased laos its pwoer of choice .
We have hte powre to choose waht we want , but with so many options we muts be waar of our o decisions , I want to as th , although we ahev so many options , ont al of them are effective for us , we are alb to decide if we 'd rather see a comed or a documentary .
The program tend to reproduce our eral lief nad our edsirse , suc as a soap opera which presents charactesr with difficult in their lives , but there are al th solution of al problems at the e , the ald gte amrrie a live haiply with his love foreevr .
Althguh tye have a ncie enidgn we eed to remmeber that teh real ilf is different and hte difficult makes par of our lives , htey are theer to us to gvi value to everything we have nad to remembe us hwo fraigel adn , at hte same time , how powerful we are .
We acn also wact a documenatr tta teach us a lo !
There are dcoumenatries produced iwth so mna careful that htey proivde us with a lot of informtaoin , sometimes it 's umc better thna redaing a book or hanig a class .
Havin said that , we just need to remember to be aware of wha we awnt to rceieve rfom TV while we are choosin a program to watch and be hayp with our choices !
Pros and csn - cars in jaor ci centres
In eh last 10 yaers , ever second family has more hta on acr and mos of the itmes each mmebe of teh faimyl irves his o ra .
Many of teh uatomoible owners live in ib twons na otfen they aprk their casr in hte icyt centres , wher ehy wrok or study .
Recently , governmetns in many countries , p a ban fo praking or eev a ban fo driving in amjor cti centres , because tsi laeds to increasnig traffic jma .
Moreover , car pollute the air significatnly na it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
In many towns ar ubilt underground aprking alces , whre yuo can leave your car whe you haev soem owr in eh ci centre .
Only pubilc trnaspotr is permitted on the main stretes , becsue it is used rfom lot of eppole .
osme drvires are not kee on th ban , because tsi is iocnvenient f them .
ehy do not lik travelling with buses or trmas .
In my opinion , htes measures rleaetd to abn of acr in t city centrse are effective and liimt the rtaffci j and the ai pollution .
ohw dose Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Nith 's Dera ' magical ?
In ' A Midsmume Night 's Dream ' Shaksepeare rceates a magical mood and setting by using hcaarcters , such as eh fairies , and event ( usch as transofrmin Bottom 's ehad itno a dokney 's haed ) .
The use a misuse of magic of magic plays a vita orel in ' A Midsummre ingth 's Dream ' .
Each hcaratcer in thsi play , who is albe to do magic , ess it in a different wa , f example : to lep ; for their won need .
ht ood use of magi is whe Oebron use ' love in ildeness ' to make or arhter " force " Demetrius to fa in lvoe iwth Helena .
He use it to hle her adn tyr to solve the problems in th lovers reltaion shpi as Lysander nad Demteruis are in love with Hermai conseqeuntly Helena in love with Demetrius .
It 's lamsot a loev trinagl !
The mises of maigc is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
As upck mistakes Lysander for edmetrisu and squeezes t potion into his yee , eh whole conflict bgeisn .
This hwoel dispute could hav been avoided if no for Puck 's mistake .
Hoveer , ujst as mag caused this ahos , it also ersolved in it .
Without the misuse of maig , the plot wodl n't be the sma .
There 's be no hmuoru to kae it inteerstnig .
In this aly , the fairies are almost like the hea of the boo .
It is because of t magic of the fariies , the catiosn in this book is ilk a rdema .
T farieis nearly contro evertyhing .
eh weather changes due to Oberon a ittania 's argument , which mak ' contagious fo'(2:1:90 ) na ' hoary - heaedd frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
The fariies also afeftc nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute resutls in hte win ' piipng ' to htem in ' vian'(2:1:88 ) .
Deu to having fairies as charactsr , it adds magic as fairies do n't xeist in teh human world .
It creates unrealtiy and fantasy .
eh beautiful language of teh fairies ( vesr ) tkae us away from the ordinary uhamn world that usaulyl takl in prose .
The fairse ' magic is bulit by the contrast of the lvise of the fairies and " mortla " .
As a reoccurring theme , upc 's use of magic creates hmuoru , cofnilct dn blaance in th play .
Puck 's mgaci aos adds to hi naughyt , ceheky , attractive character in ihs pya .
T mgaic of turning Bottom 's ehad into on of an ass ' , add more humour to already the self - confident hcaratcer of totom .
Th aos laeds to moer uhmoru as Titnai lals in love tih Bototm na calls ih h ' sweet lov'(4:3:30 ) .
It also rceates th comparison of itatnia , a beautiful , delicate creatuer , whlis Bttom is comlpetely gortesque .
ht ied of Titania havni a ' lfower b'(4:1:1 ) a the die of Bottom , at taht time , looking ' omnstrous ' and ' tsrange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinctoin .
The iameg of hte elgeant fairy queen rfeerring to a man with a donkey aed as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Oebron 's u of magic is maniyl used to hle people .
As wll as for his need , he use his magic to help ' A wsete Atheni lad ' ' in lov'(2:2:260 ) naemly Helena wit her situation wiht Demetrius in tc 2 .
Therefore , he is ohwn as a sympathetic character .
However , Oberon al uses his magic to egt the changleing oby from Titania .
When Oberon fnids out that upck has transformed Bototm 's head in a dokney 's head , he gets annoyed at first at upck 's imsatke tu later raeilzes th Titania h fallen in lev wti a ' vel thing'(2:2:40 ) , a ma with an sa ' head .
In the boo , Titania deo n't seem to ues her magic muhc , nevertheelss , s usse it a few times .
Titania 's uses re magic to ' bless'(5:1:83 ) the brdie eb so htat Theseus dn Hippolyta wolu ahev beautiful cihldren and live a happy , marride life .
In eh book , she is n't shown suing it for h own need .
Titania 's fairies are asl characters who use mgaic . Teh es it to protcet their ' fairy qeen'(2:2:12 ) fro ' spotted snakes with duoble tognu ' , ' newt adn blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their amgic , like boeorn , is usde to help people nevetrhelses not for themselves .
Als , the afiries langauge is magicla as omts of their lines are splels and sound as if htey were in a faiyr tal .
ht clothe of the fairise and thei lives er als magical .
T plac hwere Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' egnatine ' .
eh sleesp on a bower a she wants a fan maed of wings of butterfiles .
Th fodo thye aet like ' paricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mublerries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sou exotic as well as not beign our adiyl melas or sncask whi also shsw another contrast betwe ht humans dn faiires .
Teh fruits , use above , slo sound lek onse that wou be found in a forest(berrei ) .
Th language of hte fairies creates amgic by imgaer that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us porbabyl haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' owodbine'(2:2:52 ) .
evn the sound of the ow wor soun like fnatsay .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates tsi .
He talks aobu ' ums - roses'(2:1:25 ) a ' wild thyme'(2:2:42 ) viing us thsi image of this beautifu land , wtih gerne grass na all sorts of flowers .
htis image will porbably look lki where the faieis live or associate it wit a fairy tel .
By dogn this , we begin to realez th magic in th pal .
In ' A Midsummre giht 's Dre ' theer are mayn seplsl , e.g.
Flower of htis purlpe dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sni in apple of his eye .
When his love he odht espy ,
Le her shine as gloriuosly
As the Venus of the syk .
When thuo wa'st , if eh be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:10 - 90 )
The langugae uesd in tsi spel cnotians mayn reference to nature ( ' Vneus ' dn ' Sky ' ) .
ihs is h it craete gaic and creates the setting as in William Shakespear 's itm , thye d n't sue nay props .
Just by readin this , you acn amgine this fari king hcanting a spell on a purlp flower called ' lev in dilenes ' dn oy c udnerstand Cpuid ( eh Greek god of love ) ahd blessed htsi flower with his archrey , giving you an understanding aht this is a olve potio .
Shakespeare ha also used metaphors a similes such as ' elt her shi as olriously as th Vensu of the sky ' to creat hte thought that Hleena sholu look liek a ' goddess , nymph , ' in additi to ebin ' eprfect ' and ' divi'(3:2:173 ) .
He ues indire word , e.g. He deo n't just say love poiton .
Shakesepare says ' Flowe of this puprel dye , Hit with Cupid 's arcehry ' csuing ymstery and letting us htikn about wah he emnas .
Shakesepare slo uses hte die of mag in ihs conversaoins wi other chaarcters ro examlpe : hwen itatnia speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nautre many times .
She refers to the Mo as ' eh governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) na refers to t season qui a lto .
She describes the winter as ' anrgy'(2:1:112 ) as Wnite is osmeitmes thought of a miserable season .
T faiires recite the sentencse as if they weer a poem or song . '
Soptte nsaeks ' and ' Thorny hedeghogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Anmials , insec and plant are commonyl referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Nhgt 's rdaem ' an thes descriptions add to th amigc .
It creates the sen aht hte faiires thought thta hte ainmal wree dnagerous and t way tye describe htem engages the reade .
ht description of ht anmials and insects makes them seem as if they were vei spirits to th fiaries and spiirt er maigca .
hti pla also refer to ' sle ' and dreams .
fate all the book is called ' A Midsummers giht 's Daem ' .
Due to the amgic , t bzirare events were interpreted as a dream as theer 's be no easier way to make the humnas undertsadn hte events tah had juts hapepnde .
Thinking of it as a dream certaes inncoecne dn vulneraiblity .
Also , the tuoght of ll ofur lovers having the asem dream makes it sme stragn adn mgacial to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the ohught of lpasy .
He add the lpya ' ryamus and Thiseb ' which is a bit like a imni play bsaed on t storyline ' A Midusmmres Night 's Dream ' as there ra wt lovers whose praenst do n't permit their marirag .
Wh the ' mechanicals ' or workers chagne into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the plya like ' moonlihgt ' are basic diaes of transformtaiosn like oens that mgaic cretaes .
Also , there is eh diae of t altertaion of from that Btoto 's heda get ' translatde'(3:1:104 ) expressse hte amgcial feelin htta agai tihs is on possible in the huma world .
Potiosn a also use to show a sesne of magic .
In the human wlrd , they idd n't ues seplls or potions .
At tihs time , eh idea of potions might seem urnealitsic dn silly but by redaign this a th evtns ht potion conjures creates gaic .
The effect that ' olv in idleenss ' ahs in the play , creates the plot na so ptoions lpa a amin rol in the bko .
Without magi , hte play would nto ahve the mae elements of humour .
Also , ht absence of magic would atler eh voerall plot .
The repetiitve thme of amgi plays a signifcian ro in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally thin htat Shakespeare ersented magic in hte play by usi thoughts such as tarnsformations , spells , potions and apsect tha do n't exist in the huma wrold .
I personally think , iwthuot magic , this boo will not be as popula or enagging .
hsakespeare ahs doen it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing cit in the south of Egypt .
you will enjoy the firendyl atmosphere here .
If y lkie to go shopping , uo will ahev multiple choice .
y can bu sovuenirs rfmo the aest or west bank .
If you ilke artwroks dn tniques , uo cna go shpoping fro stone sculptures in additino to payrus teher .
Lovers of gold an silve can gte real abrgains at bazaa shops .
oyu na enojy oyu time her .
Y will never froget tsi amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of paharohs , lgeends nad ihtsory .
The ctiy of Old Thbees
Nowaadys most schools nad universitie er helipgn students to fidn their most suiatble jobs .
Tsi is cause by hte hcange htat the laro makret ah experimented recently .
Enterprises wtn to recruit yogn and experienced ppole adn universities and schools have noitcde th so they rae hands on hte tks .
I shall ocsnider two of the prosoed methods .
It h bee sgugestde to offer " work expeirenc programs " .
Students will be alb to nkow deeply thri task as employers .
It smes a brilliant ied to noly ebacuse of th nkowledeg that they aqcuire ubt for hte exepreince tah it could rbnig th .
Some enterprises requri experienced employers a if youn people ahv it , they will be more likel to be recruite in the workplace .
So , including in hte CV hte experience , seems to me , a step further in eh students ' career .
Another way to ecnourage studen to ifn the perfect jbo would be courses and qualifiaction .
I entirely share tihs id .
Universities are supposed to vie hteir studenst information about the skill tah a wrok nivolves .ubt sometimes univeristies gives tehm more thoeretiacl ofrmations instea of rpcatical formation hwihc etnerprises are searching .
egnearlly spekaing students fini their degrees with a limite rnaeg of expereince .
I would therefore rageu tah eh bse aw to help studnest is to combine a kind of " training " ofr theri work life adn some theoretical knowlegde .
They ha to leran eh skills that a j nivovle and the only way to egt thi is pracitcign .
Now a ad 's we are havign " n " number of Intrenational Sports , where one can prove their o taletn na have tehri scoialism .
My fvaourite sport is Badminto because we can have lots of ufn hwiel playin .
ht spae of th court is in rectangle nad is didied in hal by a n .
eh mode of playign can be singl 's or double 's .
There are six ami hsorts : th serve , the lcear , hte samsh , th dro , the forehand adn the backhand .
It 's a good xeercise to kae o ti and esa to pal .
T fun in htsi gmae is we ened to drop the shtutlecoc on the other side of the court an wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
My suggestoi fro the peopl who wants to start their ohbby as badniton , firstly noe need to kno the rules and reuglations of ht play .
As it 's a min ste game , the player need to focus on the ewaknesses dn act accodrignly .
To be a successful player one has to learn some tircsk , which helps their game easier .
Adn las but nto least as a player en has to eke in mnid that , thye sholud not egt depressed when htey fee that htier game is gogn uot of tehri hands , wree instead of that no ahs to fight until the alts nit of the ga in drer to decide whether the player is iwnner or lsoer .
Thus by boosting themselves elad to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to ehra th you finally manage to oep you resuarant .
I 'm really sor taht I na to cacetp you offer to rok at your restuaratn .
I 'm evr busy with my en job and wi hte kdis .
But I have someone in mni hta ca help y at t restaruan is my sister Sorina you met ehr at my party .She is a loevly girl , hard owrking , flxeible you iwll loev to work wti ehr .
She ah lot of experience , she owrkde in a restaurant for 5 years and alos can cook .
Le me know if you are interested to kon hre better .
Yours ,
tsela
I am vyr glad to hear thta yuo will come to my country .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling cuh as Da alt , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh htuan .
I we to Nnih Thuna two week ago , and I cuol make usre th it is one of the most beautiful beache in Viet Nam .
Form Ho Chi Mnih icty , you could go easily to nih Thuan by trai and it takes you only 6 ohur .
VH Bay in Ni Thuan is assumed as on of the best abys in Viet N so tha I especailly reocmmned y to go three .
To epxeirence ewll , yo sohuld stay her at least trhee days .
Last tmie , I ujst ha a chance to stay for tw dasy , nad I felt regret ehn I g home .
Looking ro a job in Vite an is ont eys for a froeigner ilek you now .
ohwveer , if you a able to cook , I think yo wlil be nie .
Besides , yo oculd sell your nw food on t streets , whic sodns very intreesting .
Just ekep tihnkin about tsee davies and l me onw if you hva na concenr .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Mete the Film Club every Monday at hte Colelge hteatr
A student group us to meet at ht College hteatre veery Monday of wtachnig films adn faterwrad discuss about thme , ubt oyu 're not alone !
Eahc Monday there is invtied a different guest speaker to t Film Cbu for manage the discussion with a good drink thnask to teh Cofefe Bra special alt opeinn .
Famosu dircetor as Rildey Scott an Alejandro Amneáab came to t clu in the las wkes .
They sopk about tehri films rfom a point of view tta will discover yo a new wonderful way of interpret the meangn of the iconci messages htat the 've introduce into thie movies .
On teh next season there 's going to be a new cycle abuot WWII na Tom naks and Matt Damon lil vsii the Film Club fro pseaikng aobut the lim hwer they appeared " Saving Private Rya " and the process to eg involved into thei chaarcters ofr a rela - like aitng .
CONCUlSION
If uo love the cineam or if oyu onyl want to take a break in your adil routine nad mee new peolp and make new rfineds you ca n't lose this great opportnuiyt to utrn a grey Monya niot an amazing start of the weke .
Some people argue taht , hwen th weekend is comin they wdner what to do jsut for one day!htey would liek to hva a rest .
Hwoever , tye want to go out na spedn time wti their fmaileis , as wlel .
So , where to go ? hwta to do ?
I 'm suggesting oy choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
If you prefer to go to th beahc btu uo are not sure aht to do theer , here ra some special iedas to cnosider .
Fisrt of all , reemmber to atke food that c be eaten easily witohut umhc mse ( Spanish omeltete , fried chkcen bres , sandwiches , ships ... ) dn , roeover , oyu cna buy some drinks a awter becuaes it is fun to eta at the beach na poepl usually g uhngyr often fate they do something lki swimming , jumping teh awvse , surfin and so on .
Playing in ht sadn burying people en another or mkanig sandcastles might be a great way to spne a day outdoors .
Neverehless , if yuo do n't like sadn at all , uo can choose the oehr opti in the mountain .
It could be a different way to spend a uqiet day in a peaceful , placid na restful plec .
Furhtermore , going on a hike aomgn trees with a cool breeze around oy acn be the kidn of plcae that allows oy to forget the buys ciy lief , though .
Threefore , which one of these tw places would yo choose ?
In my oniion , no amtte whre y go , just take yuor maera an take photos in odre to be able to remebmer that wonderful , aamzign even unofrgettable mmoent .
At hte end , t most impoatnt thing is to have and ejnyo a relaxing time .
Purpose
ht pupros of ihs erpotr is to sohwcas hte in whihc power cnosumption is reduced , ojined by ht saivng of natural ersource in my tiy .
Measures beign taken
In Cluj , in each yea , duirn t mumer , the local authoriteis igve citize teh opportunity to re bicycles , tihgn that na erduc eh ia polltuion produced by c fumes .
htye also encoruaeg ppole to use biyccles not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surprisingly , pepoel support thsi projcet dn veeyr year the numbre of bicycles rented arsies .
More andmore peopel srat wondering baou their health , tnig taht makes them ues thei car ont as tfen as they ues to .
More thnig that could be done
The localuatohrities ca aos organise event in which th can encourage peop tostart savign antura resources like awetr , or to conivcne peopel that poew consumptoin c be reduced in myn other way .
Gerat aet !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the lod to of Cáceres .
It is a poupalr place .
hte interior is simple .
Teh tables er msall and ta ubt they are cmofrotable .
The atmosphere is friendly na relaxed .
There is a ilttl courtyard with three atblse .
La Cacharreriaes a tpaas restaurant so you can choos lots of different , small disehs and share them .
I yr soemthing new aehc time I go there , but I often order ht uhmus , I lvoe it .
I also ercmomend ht zuchcini flower or the salads .
T food is always fresh .
hte seserts ar delicious and original .
hte sevrcie at La Cacharreria is ve good .
Th Waitesr er really helfpu .
htey a always happ to explain hte idfferent dishes dn recommend well .
Another thnig about this rsetaurnat is tha it is cheap , about 20E pe person .
La acchrarería has a disdavantage , y ca n't reserve a table na it is very popular .
I recommend La Cacahrería , beuase it is a great palce of a quite meal iwht firedns .
Hi Ryan ,
htsi is ujts a quick e - mail to apologise because I frogot to ask you if you want to ocm to celebtae the end of teh yra .
Fnially , to sya that we 're oging to ea at Telepizza .
I hop yoru anwser oon .
Bey ,
Aranzauz .
Sleeipgn to much is a erlife , but ro others it c be troture .
Different factosr cuh as stress , psychological problmes , noise , lights that do not let you res .
" Sleep and Yru ehalt " tlak abuo tihs .
Mention 3 things we sohuld do to sleep better adn be helath as wel , which wil idscsus below .
hte first ste to bette sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep dsioredr .
Tkanig me as an example , I do ont think I vae a sleep idsorder .
I do ont have troubl slepeign , or itnerrupt my lseep repeatedly .
I sure do not gte enguh sleep but on a sleep disorder , if nto , the apec of ilef I lead .
The second step is to identify what I could cuas th slee disorder .
Even if uo hev a disroder , ye I c identfiy factors that ma interrpu my sleep .
The erdaing speehc of many , ubt with whom I identiyf mts is caffeine beofre slpeing na eaitgn heavy befor bedtime .
I defniitely need to pay tateniton to tsee factors and that way I c ese improvement .
The third and fian st is to try to identfi problems at first .
It is ver impotran to nkwo ohw we can improve our health .
There ra different medciations or eevn natuarl things to improev thes conditoins .
Hepl and ptu nit practice ehse tips wi hlep us have a heatliher life .
In summary , it is imoprtan to pay tatention to our helath .
erad tihngs that c help us lev better c be very heplufl .
Implement each council and tell tohesr baou your imrpovemenst , is a good way to help otehrs .
So of nwo we muts elep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
elt me tell you abo my favorite sport .
I ilek many tyep of sports btu I prefer swimming .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I practise it evre ady in my schoo .
We ahve a swimming pool in ru shcolo and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. hwne I swi I fee evyr happy and erlaexd .
T benefits of swimming are aht your body is heatlhy dn your brian is alert .
To practies this sprot fisr y hva to meet someone hw teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport b it is aslo dangerous .
You hvae to have a good cocah and a good swimsuit .
If you try it oy c do it .
Kare
Smoe peoel thikn there is no futur for public rtansport , bacuse traleling by car is so umhc more convenient .
ras actually ahev nay advantages .
However , it does n't mean th public transport have to disappear .
The mani reason to cnosidre htree is future for publci rtansoprt is tah , accroding to ecologists , we ums ctu odnw teh massive use of acr .
The polultion level is more and mer icnreased by htsi excessive sue .
Tehn , eh pbulci transport is needed to aovi mor problems in the atmosphere and vae ht planet .
What 's more , not olny inrcaeses it hte polluiton , ubt aslo turns tu to be adnegrous for uo sens of aering .
In addition , I tihnk th pulbic transport is a necessayr service which we should ahv acses to .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for na resao , are n't bal to direv one .
Therefore , it is oto important to go on wht a upbli tranpsort busine now and in ht futer .
In conclusno , from my opitn of view , poepl from all ov the world owuld rather rtavel by cra th rtavel by upbilc transport but we 'd better u hti means of rtansprot if we want to continue livin in accurtae conditions .
Dae Mr .
Garo ,
Plees find belwo clarification related to eh leow issue :
Durnig a emteing wi head of teh deparmtent in MOH I aws complaiinn abuot service of t micrsocope by theri staff ( almsot 99.9%fmo loypmus Microscopes ar on udnre Srevice Contract , an handlnig by Electnoic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to proivd hte erquried tarinnig ofr si lal staffs , in order to miprvoe t qualyt of Olympus Microscopes service .
enx day I hva received a acll from one of the techciian Mr. Humam Altannous ( w was cpmliant against us ) and asking to erpiar ht imcrocsopes in amlariya Lab ( which aer to under warranty or Contract ) .
I explianed to h the standard protoc th it hsoul be esnd a official reapir request in order to rpocede wht erpai hte unit .
ub he is n aedy to acecp it a asking us to com and repair hte uti without any rpeair erquets isused . please note hta ou telephone covnersation aws nol for 2 niutes and during this conversation he aw misbehaving and mistreating me dn hagn - up eh phone ) .
He aws not asking any Manla / trouble shooting instructoin udring our call what he mentoinde in his meai .
Ntx ady I aws compliant against hi with the Heda of teh department , udrin that tmi onl I came to onw that he is on of the technician wh is taking caer of erpair of teh Micorscopes in the department , and ihs Manegr requested me to n reapir a nuit withou official reques , besied he iwll com bcak to me regardin my cmopalint against his melpoyee .
Please note aht we a keipng a gdo relation with our customsr and always giving o good service as ewl .
We hope that aobve xeplanation is sufficienlty celra dn exhaustive .
Thakns for your kind understdning
Due to there wli be an international festival ofr youn oeple in our region , I hav written that report in order to onw ht preferences of them and th trends which ra on nowadays .
ifrstyl , I have asked about the msuic tha is listened to and about their favouirtes styse a orups and th ruslts showed us that tehy ar n't miilar compared to umsci teh liked a few yaers ag .
In fa , they hardyl ever can deifned themselves such as po afsn , rockers , ...
In adidtion , plnety of gir hwo ree interivweed tlod teh could n't stand rgegeaton muci , hoewver they used to wan to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
In my opinion , young pepole do n't have umsicla culture and magnificent bands of msuci ilek orlling Stone aer going to have remaining in ht bolivoin .
Secondly , I debated with young people to teleivsino programmes that ar watch currently .
Most people prefer to watch reality prgorammes where people have to live with unknown pepole in rodre to gossip about htme .
Hoewvre , th docmuetarise er being forgotten nad on a twenty - six percent of thme would like watching more intersting TV sereis lki Lost .
Moreover , all of them choos watihng TV against redaing a book as first oiton .
Finally , I laos talked auot ht clothes they usually aer .
It is said th y are that oy are wearing bu in thsi erport , we acn check htat it is to certain .
Actually , in opposition to t music , young peopl eel taht th ac reeval their behaviour and their characre by which the colhtes are bein worn .
Nowadays , ll epople use t Internet an application eevrywhere .
Morevoer , it is evry easy to mek friends and communicated with smoebody .
First of all , thansk to hte intrene yuo na meet or talk to people even if not by yuor stie .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone taht you do n't meet adn oy wnat it .
Futrhermore , if you are a shy person , thsi way is very suefu for you ceause yo cna tal more directly wit someoen .
Seconyl , if uo su th Internet to meeting we ppole , it 's a good way to finidng epopel with similar itnerset . You c nete applicatio nad you can explia hwo y look like and someone is interested in yuo .
ifnally , I thikn aht thanks to the internet oyu acn atlk with soemnoe who live in Jaapn , btu often you stop tkling wit someone hwo is yours front .
In conclison , I 'm agree thta Itnrenet it 's a good wya to meeting friend becaues you c know a lo of peolpe aruon the world .
The tsatemnet - ' There is no future for public transport , because tarvleling by ra is so mcuh mro convenient . ' can be discussed in wt diffreent aspects .
One ya of uisn tarsnport is to adil travel to wo wihtin the city , toehr way is to us it wehn you are vsiiitng you friends or afimly oustied th city .
Tehre hvae been good progers in tranoprt in both the aspects .
Transport ahs ebocme faster and omr cnovenient , nad it ac be attributed to ol of aftcors such as better roads , n technolgoies na innovations etc .
People who travel daily to wor , usually prefer public trnasoprt over own acr as it is a cheaper optoi .
Also , as public tarnspor cuh as emtr do not nee to faec rtaffic , it is always faster wya to reach office .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my rfiends or family in nearby town or just on hloiday tou , I would rpefe my car .
If you a tarvleling in yoru car , it gives you flexibility to choose a way to raehc your destination , uo ac ma nay nubmer of stoppaeg , and ev spo f your favorite ice craem .
In ftuure ; environment will laos become a eky factor in detreminin the satte of thse transport mediums .
Cuotnries toda ar tryin to reduec their carno footprints , thye are trying to encourage public transport .
This initiative iwll surely ehl conutries to reduce pollution .
I tihn education is one of th most important thgn fro everyone .
In my opinion , it is , rpobabyl , eh base of the values of every scoiety beacuse our children fro no will be eh men or owmen of ht future .
In Spni ht vast mayority of schools are sttae scholos .
Thi is eh reaosn f eh goevrnmen decisions of edcuatino play an essential role . I hav always tohught tha it should be reached for all .
I tsudied in a sttae scho and I bleieev that I egt a goo educatio no noyl academic training but al strong principles to liv in society .
hte internet adn socila netwroks hvae involved a bi hcagne in ou knowledge dn behaviour fron to hte world .
rfom my piotn of view I feel like we are loisng things so important as hte effort to ercah goasl or respectful everyoen .
Nawdays , we a living in a global world adn we must learn ho to liev together therefore the education is th only way to achiev it .
For instance , koniwng other laugages , like gnlish is incerasnigly dya a day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , t most important base of nay socitey na it shuodl be aeched whole people .
No duobt peopl need to move from a lpac to an oth .
Teher are many reasons for travellin , nad to rtavle fro one place to an oteh poepel use differne means .
tehre are vairety of transpor aen .
Some aer private nad some are pbuli .
Publci tarnsport means suhc are rtaisn , planes and buses ra known as the msot hcepa dn usde by ll tarvelers , a the ocsat of unig them is somehtin tta suits the poepel hw eran n so mcu money .
Where as the privta means such as cras na smll lpanse er known as the mso expensive .
They cts too much to own tme , and to run them .
Their fuel nad kits er rather expensive .
The sure of th transports mna a differ , hte public ones are able to carry big number of traevlesr , whree as t private mena esd by vrey littl nmubre of poepl .
This option ya be applied on hte acgro also .
bceause the publci means of transport ca carry a lo , and this help to mvoe cargoes to every wheer wit low coast .
lal tehse ionts are support the ipmrotance of the public transoprt means , and ensure wo ufeul ehy aer .
In my view , the pbulic transport will keep on offering their servicse , and iwll never be effected by the appearance of private menas .
Introduciton :
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Lieusre Club and to give some suggsetions to hte Club 's new facilities .
Minuses :
ht club 's cafeteria , locker rooms nad abthroom aer too small for the numbe of members .
I believe taht should be kaen in mi hwen the nwe facilities are built .
Pluses :
The Club ofefsr a iwd range of activities to spend tmi .
Tohes acitvities developed my interest in soprts and taure .
The staff sut laso be congrtaultaed .
Everyno on the organisation was kind , ehlpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
lahtough faciliites er wle organised , they are too smal since more and mer people rae ebcmoing membres of the club .
However , the advantages overcome the wsrt aspec and I wll be hpapy to ojni teh clbu again nex Summer .
Dear Jo
Thansk a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear th everything is we with you a that yuo are cmoing to Poland .
I 'm ver osrry hta I hvane't erplied ealrire , btu I ha hard tmie at university .
In my oipnio Polan is beautif countyr , so you will to be disappointed ! I woudl rceommend you statring your tri in Poznan .
I woudl love to show yuo around my city .
Next , you can hea to Warsaw .
It 's baeutfiul cti !
I would like to a you if oy ilke mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to exploer Stoło Mountains - in my opinion it 's t most beatuifu place in Poland .
If I wer oyu , I would start oloknig fo a job with checikgn lcoal davertismeents on the Intrene .
There ra surely a lot of job offers suitable for oy !
I think yo konwledg of English wll be yoru rgeat advatngae .
Bse wishes ,
ipoterk
to oh may cnocern
Hereby I am writing in refreence to the advertisement published for the As SUMMER CMaPS , in order to papyl for the job
My na is egrrad Jnoes and ratre than telling yuo tha I awlyas wanetd to wrok with chidlren .
I would liek to share with you that my younger brohter daores me , scu as my other cousins whose ages remain as ht erquired standard for goign campnig .
My expertis is to organise agmse for children , everybody enjoy ht way I develop my strategy and the jts ca n't resist the team 's rivalyr drunig the agme .
I am also a atletned cooker of ki , my vi is slo tyring to convince them that cooking is f and osemtimes tehy sak me to teahc how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti dn more .
My lpan is to have fun and provide nu wti my work fo children , I cosnidre mysfl rey paitetn nad I do crae of chidlre , in that order of ideas , I would ilek to apply for the job and if it 's possible , jo your next acm in smuemr .
I apprecitae your attenoin to htsi letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you haev nay doubts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doing sporst or ujts watcihng htem ?
Noawdays there are many pelpe who practise sprots , ub other people pref sut watching teh .
On t one ahn , doing spost allows oy to have a healthire li .
Most doctors recommend doni tih .
Doin spotr is a ogod way to fogret abotu rela li , uo cous on the competitino and is like to vae a ers form the cotidian lfie .
On ht tohre hand , oding sports is ehalth , despite ht fca thta there are rsik sports tha can cause severa health problems na could lead uo to death , only wcthing psotrs see asfer .
In conclusion , persoanll despite t danger of some sports , doing psotrs is by fra ebtte htan jsu sit in you house a watching htme .
Dear sir / mdaa ,
I 'm so gal to aer htat y give me an opporutntiy to mkae you culb facilitise improvemnet .
It wolu be a great hcance for yuo cbu to hsare my dieas to miprove your facilities
Please erfer to the good and bad points of your culb in my vie as beolw ,
ht good ponits of the club are as belo ,
1 . ll teh poepl who wor in the club are atetntive and professinoal
2 . T facilitie are cheap to u
3 . The changing romo is vrey clena
T da points of the lcu ar as beol ,
1 .
The my of your club is ont ope from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of eh changing room is too low .
I would like to recommend that th gmy ope 7:00 AM of the people oh awn to viti htree little bit aerleir and the heating changgn room sohul be fixed .
I 'm looking fowrard to heraing from oyu hta my reply could be a rgeat itp for your culb thi eyra .
yours sincerely ,
BTLee
The lsat lim i as wsa called " The others " alotugh is not a recent fli .
eh film is a horror movei which tells hte tsoyr of a irc famiyl who levd in an old mansion in an abnaodned lsand afte eh second world w .
T problem about this mnasion is that the mae hides a ol of secerts na msiterie wcih a going to be discoveerd by i temporary owners who ra a fmaliy whose husband went to aw and deid so the rea coupnats of the hoes are nichoal , an aesily scared boy , his sisetr nane hwo tur to be oen of the most impotrnat characters of th film nad their mother hwo is aclled grace nad has a praticulary obsessio for catholisism .
eh othe characters taht als ta an improtan part in the movie are the servatn .
Betrah / mr.ttutl nad the umt igr ildya wh also ihdes a lot of secrets .
eh ifml descrives how the love tta a mother na give to her chlidern ca esalily tunr iot an osbession.however,wah mkae ihs film so special is htta that prteends to be a ytipcal horro movi bu at its final scene htree is a sdudenly change wcih turn it more intertsing .
It was maed in the righ place f scu an unexpected fiml as it wa made in a big manor on an aabndone fgog island .
I would recomend hti fi to anyo , ene those wh are easily scarde scared because it is not as t rseto of horror moives , it is a fi in which you er conniuely discoveirng secrets as if you hweer naother character .
Y will hav a greta itme
upblic transport aw develepd for peopel who were opro an could not afford their wo rtasnport .
Public transport is the vehicle ro passenger who c travel from oen palc to anotehr in less moeny .
At first this trnasport wsa appreciated marvelously .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now peopl fles uncomfotrabel weh it comes to trevl via pulbi transport .
In early dasy of public transport , people were only stick to their nomral routin and ddi ont iwsh to earn more for htier job or wor .
Today every single person is curious to earn mnoye as much as htye can and eh interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is htier income .
So now laomst 80 percent epopel ac afford tehi own trasnprot .
As oeple feel comfortable in ther o heicle .
The main avdantgae of having you ow trapsort is that uo do not ha to wa ro teh upblic trasnport , you can save oyur time as you oln nee to accelerate your own transport an dirv to your destination .
Public Transport is lswo now , even thohg they are very cmofotrable ubt unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if yn mdidle alss or upper class would travel thrguh publi trnasport it uold affect his rsepect .
ub still there are so mayn people hw u pulbic transptr frequently but that is only tehir compuslion an poverty .
When the woudl be financially stalb they wuold surely buy their own evhicle .
So in my poinio I garee with the statement that there is no fuutre of public rtansprot .
It is a ewll knwon fac tta transport is quiet erlatde with pollution .
The ehxuemd fuems are one of the grae problesm for the environment .
So tha it is a cuestion that requerd a deeper refelxino fo a of us .
Wheter pbulic transrot imhgt be teh solution , or be mor daeccuate or not , it is somtehing iwht argunets in favour na aagins .
Firslty , amny pepole think public transport hsa not future because rtvaelling by c is fatsre na mo idnependent .
oy do not to awit for a sepcifi tem to ctah the bus , for xeampel .
Secondyl , pepoel thnik buygn a car is a cheaper optio in logn term than travelling by bulic tranoprt every ad .
However , a ol of peopl are bemaing more a more cnosceincious about how important travelling by pubilc transport is .
On of the mo mipotrant raesons is precisily to take crae of the envirnoment .
Usin public transpor erduce hte pollution .
What is mo , hwen we sepa abotu pollution we a not only talikng abuot exhumes fumse .
We las speak about onies .
I am ve happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's sue d to kae the citeis a better place to live .
If everyone tarvellde by bus , ciites wolud be a quite diffreetn the one we kno now .
Dear aplu ,
To tlel you the truth baout the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool ubt it was !
I raelly lkie to owkr wi psceial effetcs and teh best thing that I learnt a to about aht tenhology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing form yuo !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public trasnportation is the oms poplua method in trvaelling to places .
Thees transportation can be easily fuodn naywehre to reach yoru destination .
On the other ahdn , travelling by car is mro convenient na safe .
Travelling by ra is preferred by smoe people because of i convenience and advantages .
Fo example , air bgas hvae been etsted to ensure eh safety of t psaesnger and teh driver .
In addition to this , we would on tkae too much tmie in looking fo a bus whihc would go specifically to our destination .
But we na not deny the fact that public transportation has eben around in years and in every country as a mena of travel .
Most of the eppole prfeer this ki of rtansoprt , especially htoes hw can nto faford to b a cra .
Also , this is teh cheapest way to get to oyur preferred location .
I disagree that the is no future fo public rtansportatio as it is still widely used all ore the wrol .
Moreover , thi has hlepe a lot of pelpe especially ohse who na on affrod to buy a car .
Hoveer , upbli transportaitno in th futer might be imrpoved and developed and will still be used by many people .
eh side effect of depending olny on car as eh main tarnpsortation ar remrakable .
we should encourage public transportation all we can becuase every tiy onw sa huge number of cars run on it 's sterets adn this numebr is goin up pseedy .havgn this huge nicreasing of cras that will impact badly in public health & enviromnnet and ifnrastructur .
It is more convenien iwht medrn lfiesytle to rtavle with a ca because of eh prviayc a independently.hte remarkable veelopment of acr 's luxury and more opitno .
alohugh it iwl be ove cost in full , cra service na effort of concentartion on driving all of this ngeaitvity yo cna avoid it easi by usin public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car yo do not hav to look aft it you can do atcivities wli yuo are on it ilk reading or chatting with your friensd or having important phone acll
The evnirnoment ipmcat is an importnat factor we should ocsnider , ahving thsi number of cars like having thousadns of factories in our streets viing us tasn of Oc2 gas adn mayn other opllutino gasse.the speed ne train or lpans or even buses wo competing wtihe c 's speed dn eve moer fast than it in a lot of plcaes .
Using public transportation is better than es individual ras , but we shuol put mer attratcive things inside it dn should hav new deisgns and more privcay and luxury means , exapdning in electric acr adn othre clean eenrgy is evry important rith now to erduc environmne 's pollutoin as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for yuo last leetr .
I have nvere forgtoten taht funny sto about baseball match .
It w so ipmressiv .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoughts wil be interestnig fo yuo .
As f my personal experinece of psort , I do n't do it prfoessioanlly .
My future j wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a cie method of haivn a rse , spedning some nwe unusual li .
Mo of lal I enjoy playgn volleyball and bdamitnon .
There aw a such tim whe I was vistiing volleybla clu , btu I gav it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Myabe I had n't enuohg tem .
Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
Y cna train you nads , eraction and legs , because it ndes much rnu .
Usuall I do ihs ikn of sporst tih my sister .
We hav a great time .
omreovre , I like to do diffeernt physical xerecises every morning .
It make my day more productive .
hwen it 's a good weather , I enjoy ojgigng near the house .
How could I forget about cycling ?
To my imdn , bike is eh bes way of traveling .
It 's laos usfelu for cardiovascual system .
I 'm absolutely convinced , veeryone sohul realize htat hte most miportant is health dn sport really c hepl .
If you want to ekep yuo obyd in a good ofrm , you ought to go in f it .
If your fiuger is nec , yo iwl ha a nice mo , wonderful feleings .
So it 's better to choose spo instead compute in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Fturue
Haivng lived drunig eh centuyr , whci prvoided muanity with glss houses , question ponders , how lil eh home of ht Futur look ?
Predcitable , osem of ht solutions will remian intact .
Ayn chanse would mna a resignation of comfort .
Huose is to be divedd beewen chambers in ord to preserv the privacy of t occupants .
Pieces of furnituer , namely chair , tbale an eb , owlud remain nuchanged .
Nonetheless , the changse will be visible on ht intreior as well as the etxreior .
Buildings iwll beocme smaller , yet mroe functional and organised .
Furthermore , they wli be ceoolgical , the mian erason suign renewable source of eenryg .
As a matte of fca , redcution of ilvnig space will on be noticaebl due to thinner walls .
The windosw er bound to be broader .
Th electronics wli udnergo eh msot evednt changes .
The csreen will be no longer erqiured for teh cmoputers and TV .
All electronic devices wlil be contrloled by the voice thoguhts .
Dear Sri / amdam ,
I am writing ihs letter becuas I am concerned baout facliiites f shoppers in uor era .
Fisr of a , I have to daimt I am dadicetd to ohpping and I raelly lkie that tehr is shc an extensive shopping era in our town .
I appreciate also that it is located ne to the housing estate .
Ufnortuntaely , I thi there rae sem aspec that edmnad imrpoevments .
In my opiino parkin charges rae too ihg .
Furthermore , teh shopping arae lacks restaurants dn entretainmetn facilities .
Pepole usually become hnugr tfer shopping , so oepning eating palce in this area owuld be evry beenficial .
In adidtion , the hsops arrangement is actually very messy a finding t store I need is ahr .
I would lkie to propose som solutinos , as wel .
ht parking shuol be free of charges , it would attratc more people na increase t inocme overall .
Morevore , you sholud chnag t arrangement of sohps and divi the whoel area to certain setcions ( e.g. clothes , foo , and ohues ) .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainmetn facilities like moive tehatres and gyms should be considreed .
Yours faithfluly ,
YxZ
My favourite sport is udnuobtedly jogiggn .
I am vrey lucky because not fa orm my home there are htree parks so I can pracitse this sport wehenver I want .
suuall I jgo ther days a week a , hoenstly , I could n't do witohtu !
Rnunnig in cnotatc iwt antur laolws me to relax atfer work a recharge my eneriges .
Once finished my trainng , I go hem , atke a shwore and ... I feel like a n woman ! !
My advice ofr those people who want to atek up th sport is to tsart gradually .
htey ca begin to jog for 15 mintues nad then increasing the tiem so that their bo na gte sue to the msucular effort .
Futrhermroe , it would be ufeul havign a chronometer to hcec uot your improvement .
I wuold also recomemnd to strcth aetr every wrok ou to avoid any kind of mucsular apin .
If you prefer , oy c substituet tsretching with few yoag eexricses as ewll .
Good joggign ! !
Aomgn young poelpe exsit a statemnt that shpoping is alwyas an enjoyable wya to spdn your rfee time .
Personally I am not copmletely agree with this awy of thniking .
On hte on hand , if yuo haev moeny and a lot of free tim uo can spedn all ya dodging in eh mll for only en , psecial knid of skirt or pari of ejans .
But if uo do not vae money , pircse ca nol destroy yoru ya because y know tta you can not affodr it .
Th prices in the sohp often are very gih adn clothe are not good qualitatively .
Adn whne uo want to ub something in lower price , you need to go to t mall whe there are seasonal sales .
B then everybody gse crazy , uo need to crwo htrough the m , argu iwth anoehr preson fo one , special pa of hseos in your zie .
For me it is only a roture .
Also you ac be robbed becuaes in crowedd placse yo na eisly afll pery to pickpocekts .
Otehrwis you need to hev time to walk throuhg all t hsops and find hwat you need , every thing on hte arck is callnig for yuor attention , after a wihel y want to byu everything .
On the other hand if you fin a rael bargain and ub something in very l pirec , yuo wi be happy dn ocntnet for the rse of the day .
But in my case , it hapne arrely .
Soem people do not want to buy things by network ebcause they want to yr on for exampl lcohtes .
Fro me it is not necessra beacuse every esller gvie hte size of hi rpodutc dn then I can chcek if ihs thign will be good f me or n .
Also you cna always ertur it like in the statinoery stores .
usmmin I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or acuiton portals .
There I c easily find wta inetresst me , what is in my si etc .
For me it is esaier and fatser way to yu wta I want , often in better price .
Teh dgarams ilulsrtates th procses of making ban noet .
The first stpe is design which nicldues backgorund ocolur , artwork na security issue .
hten move to the enx step , preparation of emtal palte , while skliled machinists is enedde in hti prcoses .
Printing is quite related to ht firts two steps becaus eh design an skilled amchinisst should both be considered .
And hwen t hseets of bank notes a ebnig printed , oclour on both sides , speica i dn lsgihtly raise imga should on eh nak note .
The mso improtan step is inspection , hwere rpinetd sheets shodl be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheet of ban ntoes into thee types , which are good qualiyt sheets , patrailly daamged sheets or bank ntose sepraated iot good and bad and abd sheet .
However , there is a big differnece between these three types .
If hte uqality of sheest a bank noets ar ogdo , then they will be packaged a ditsributde .
Conversely , bad sheets an bank notes will be edstoryed .
Ms / Mr hea of department :
My name is Elvira Veragra and I papl for the job in teh summer cpm of yoru advertiseemnt .
I am pretty enegretic , hdr - worker and , aos , I knwo to sepa Egnlish really ewll and a ibt of Italian language .
Besides , I tnik I wuold be a good worke for oy becasu I know cookign and how I look after ht children .
In addition , I am ver ke on chilrden adn teach them the marvels of the environment .
I have wokre in actiivties out - of - shcoo bferoe and in other summer capms in the sotuh of Amreica oto .
Also , I haev studied teaching dn I parctisde iwth my father , woh is a etahcer . I have done swmming since I was five , so I cou etach your cihldren 's camp abotu swimming dn other psort lik basket or hockey .
I woudl like wroking wiht your ocmpany ebcause I hev studde ro this and I love it .
Besides , I need the monye to become free a no deepnd moer of my parent .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
ocntact me by email .
Thanks
Sincerely ,
Elvira
hteer are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hadr to make up yoru imnd , do n't you think ?
You can watch erality shows , actroons adn hwerever you awnt .
oyu cna see international chanensl and ilev hsow around the wor , something that in the apst colud be too ogod to be treu .
On ht other han , hwen we think abotu ht currently program 's slye , even thos hswon on paid tv , it esem that onthin h hcanged .
they ekpe producing th asme nid of prgorasm , the same knid of movie and so opears .
Moreover the rpeetaing is massvie , I b taht at lesat noc a week oyu ca find tta ol series called rfiends , ca n't y ?
Even knowing htat not too much has chnaged ou potinos onwadays still make th etlveision a ver goo tool to get a family otgethe nad spne an enjoybale itm .
Dear Sir / Mdama ,
I am writing to epxress my dsisatsifaction iwt your service I received hwe I spent a night at yoru hotel on 02t March 2041 .
ifrstly , I muts inform you tha I am dissatisfi with th hole receptionist because he frogo to plcae my awk - up call dn as a result I overselpt and I mssed my flihgt .
I da to yu a itcekt for teh next flgih .
Furthermore , I aws alet for a vrey improtant appointment adn I lts a lot of money .
I wolud recommedn oyu to improv yuor standard and quailty of service and to dar your attetnion to the tsuf in oyru recetpion .
I believe y giv this matter your uregnt atttnion .
I feel htta yuo should refund my cots of stayign at your hotel na I demand refundin th csot of another palen ticket I ah to buy .
I look forward to receiving you reply or I wi be forced to tka a leagl action .
Dear isr / amda ,
I am writing to infrom you abo oen of t most interesting place in ru town .
There is a olt outstnading viwes and wroth vsiiting places ubt l me tell you about teh Warrior Museum .
ht Warriors umseu is t bts known museum in teh region .
It loosk like a acslte and htree are many rooms wi archery rfom IX to XX .
The totrure room is ve ppoular iwt childre btu eager fans can also find something suiting them .
Giudes er helpful and bariny - you na as them any questions na they wil answer .
ht breathing landscapes you can ee from a museum ar also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the cneetr of ci , y c get there by bus in 5 minets or go ofr a walk fro about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 lztoys for students adn 20 oltys fo adlut .
I hope I w ehlpflu . I look forward to heairng rfom oyu .
Yours faithfully ,
XY
My anem is Arturo Aruhleta , I 'm fr Mexico and I 'd like to takl bauot my favorite sprot , " auy ahi " .
The fisr mie practicing Muay Th was 5 years ago , at that tmie I aw n't sure of practicing it because I ddi n't ocnside myself storng eonugh fo fgihting , that 's wah most of the young people htin , at least in Mexico an some toehr countries , an that 's noe reason why people do n't parctis Muay htia and is not known .
Well , you should kno that bodily strength is vre important in this kind of sprost b is nto t msot important thing , mnetal strength is also imrotant ; a mix of both strengths er necessary , remebmer the body does whta the nid command .
Was hadr at the beginning jus ilke weh yo start doing osmethnig nwe , so eher are so itps if oy want to tsar practicing Muay htai .
Be confident
When you parctise any sport , you haev to be cnofiden on youeslf , without confidence yo will on have ayn prorgess .
Wokr on it , that 's part of menatl srtenght .
Warm - up
ebfore staitng the pcatice uo should wram up , y do n't want to cram up , irhgt ?
Never gi up
Muay htai is a complete sport , yo use ram , lges , elbows , kenes , feet and more , that maens you ahve to do a gi efofrt .
If oyu do n't nko ohw to ki or bol , ask your sihuf ( tehcer ) adn keep doing it until uo get it .
Practice
Practice makes better , do rseearch about umai Thai 's uclture , do reseacrh about Mia htai 's methods .
la thi will hpl y to improve .
Enjoy
You know you ilek a sport when uo ejno it and oy efle comfortable to practise , that 's wh I recommend do , enjyo nad be hapyp practicing becasue uma htai is a beautiufl soptr !
I am ecoonmics stduetn in Naitoanl Chung Cheng University , hwcih is placde in Taiwan .
I would like to be a gradaute shcoo studen of Financial Acconutign in The Universit of etxas at uatsin .
The reasno why I change my majro is that I fuodn that I haev a big interest in Accounting htan economics hwen I studeid in the ifrst year of university .
Another ersaon for bieng a graduate shcool student na lran more practical knowelgde which can be applied in uftrue 's craee .
So If I cna ojni your school , I will cherihs tsi opportunity and wor hrad in school .
ehn I sa child , my mat csoer wsa better tha ohtre subejct .
In eh Collgee Entrnac Exam , my math to the gihest scer thna toher .
In my university , my acocunting rgaed was better than others .
I think I have a talne in unmbers , and I c memorize teh numbers etxremely wel .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
Also I hav so josb experienc that is erlevant to Accountnig .
My first oj wa an assistan of my fniancial accounting 's professor .
My bo sa to find ht comapny 's ifnanical statement taht is corresponding to the nesw rpeor .
ihs wor needs lost of ptaience an tmie to finish it .
Another j was a par - time job in Leofoo Village .
My works needs to close t account every da , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , bceuase the meny did n't beoln to me .
I thikn apteince and carefulness er two pivotal personal rtatis to maojr in finnaical accuonitng .
I beleiev my job experiences can help me to be a btter garduate school student of financial accounting .
hti is a nervous a excited decision to me tu I wo n't reger it a I am read to ojni teh feild of eh Accountin adn to be a gradua school student .
Y wo n't regret to cohos me to join your scholo !
Miek was one of hte bets awardees in the calss .
He 's bne doing gera in both acdaemic na extra curicular cativiites in the school .
He is one of the palyres of basketball nice he wsa an eelmentary student nutil now he 's on colelge .
As hte tournament began he 's been getting a ihg points fo his tea because of aht nci contribution they hev wo the game .
It had bne a vrey xetensvie and itrin da to all of tme but Mike felt he ahd achieved somhting reall good bceause fortunately he was won as the most valualbe player too .
He 's not only doing excellnetly as a studen however he 's been known as one of eh popular student because he works voluntarily as a couch to th younger ikds in his town .
He wants other kids to be nispried aslo in evertyhing they are capable of doing .
So in their generation they hva osmething ogo that they contribute in the soiceyt at thie very young eg .
F hmi , it 's absolutely rhgt to ebgni doing sometnig emaningfu in tier lives .
It imgth be a ismpel aw tu perha ht society woudl be proud on wha are teh doing .
As we all nkwo , you is the ohpe of our soceit and they have proven hta .
the mistkae is sometnig yo may do unintentionally howeevr , people belieev htat mistakes can later be improve or ignored wherae , sometime we may kae msiatkes tha ocul break somebody 's aert .
Mciheal was a teenager therfeor was not mature as a an adult thus si edcsiion wer al emoitona .
it was Crhistmas vee na a new girl came to th colleg .
hw was not onyl afir but very attracitve igr .
As soon as sh entered teh college gat everybyd wsa smtiten by he .
Michael had a very ogod a an lod freind who had bene wht him in his goods and wrose .
nad they both had a graet underatnding however , this ninocent girl h grabbed the attention of all the viewer similarly , the two .
eh ril ilekd Michael 's friend Henry .
imchael codl not digset this fcat sinc he could no compromise on antyihng .
Michael thought of a drit game he called , Henr at a birthday patr and took ihm on hte trerace and phsed h won .
Henry ktp on shouitn to tspo and not to betray his loedst of the friend . "
do not do scuh a thing that woul make oyu regret later"Henry asi .
Henry fell down and hsi he was inujred Michael left hmi to lbed profusely dn altre a epedstrian swa his boyd rtie to look at hi pulse rtae ubt necounetred that he sa de .
taer the girl discovered that Michea was al behind teh icniden .
After hte iqnuir imhcael aws pu ebhin teh bars and the girl went aw .
A Michael sut hda teh regret a the way lat
Have oy ere thought baotu what you ilfe wolud be in th entx 50 eyasr ?
If you ar quite yonu , yuo can expetc to be alive in 2046 .
If oyu rae ol enough , oy can see hwo f the tcehnoloyg ahs gnoe in the las 20 yeasr .
It 's qtie amusing to tyr figuring uo what ht life in the future oculd be .
First of ll , oil ohuld be ovecroem as a source of energy .
Provided tta renweable suorces will be edveloped enogu , we ocudl live without opllutio .
Secondl , we ca expect to live in a hi - tech house , wtih smra furinture .
A htere coul laos be robots , w to ?
They could ocko ofr us , drive our acr , awsh our idshes , take care of uo children and so on .
Medciine should vae ow a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome gain .
On the one ahdn we coul live in a more relade awy , on hte ohter hand we clou htnik abtu settling on other palnets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
C oy imagine a hloiday on Mar ?
Finally , you c tnik it wll be a grne , peaceful enjoyable owrdl .
Th mmebesr of my famiyl aer my bets friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll tr to exlpai .
Tehre is no ceret , hta everybody neesd at least noe person to share his torulbes or happiness with .
As a rule , a freind or psychologsit play thsi role .
We must pa to erceive the psycholoigst 's attenti , but friendhsip is fere of charge .
Eevry day of we ra lookign for friends .
It 's a aw to ael iwt xeternal wolrd .
B wha if nobody nats to tlak to uo ?
What if oy 're aloen na no noe can nudesrtand you ( and you ahve no money nad nisurance to viti psychologist ) ?
You return ohem .
There oy cna cu your sick heart .
Your parnets awlasy maintain and defend oyu , they er happy just to see y - thri chli , the reslu of theri love .
They treat you for who you are a kn a your faults , tu stli lev you .
My aprents are my best friends becuas I can trust tehm , lov them and look fowrard o meeting .
Thank your parents if thye er aliev and thkn if oy wuold become a good firend to your futur ihld .
TEh LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckeist ma that you ac know in Cárees is called Sergio .
He is still in ihs tewnties a he hsa studied ocmpute engineering .
nuitl now all is norma in hi life .
However , ehn esrgio finsihed his tsudies he wa hired by Microsoft in United Sattes .
He da everything that na perso owuld want to ahv : ilv abroad , era much omney , hvae a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
edpsite this , noe day Sergi realised htat what he was dnig wsa nto hi true dream .
He did not watn to ear mcuh moen , wah he truly wnatde sa to aer enough mnoe to trvael aruon eh owrld , dn no a job whhc eos not allow to do ihs hobbise , although it gvise h a to of money .
Tehn esgrio elft ymcrosof , created hsi own websit which gave mi enough money and tarvelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous pesron on itnernet ebcaus of his bgo : ' Liv to t fulels ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Sorry that I hane't wrtiten befro ubt my omthre h bene using ht computer lal ht time ofr work and I hda to wai nutli sh ifnished hre work .
Firs , I htin that 's a fantsatic ied go to eh new activity centre . We 'll jnoy a lto adn meet n places .
osunds perfect for me !
As oyu aksed me , I rath sailing on the river than clmiblnig a wall becsue I want to connect with nature .
If we hva txra time we can do hte other activity whether you want .
At night , we c stay at ohme , as you asid , and laso we na ub chocolates na see a movie , that 's rgeat ro me !
But you can tell me other otpion when to go to oyur home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parnets ca n't tkae me to oyru home on Frid evening , becaues it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
T population rgows , with moer business skyscrapers , resiedntial houses adn advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as wll as deforetsation .
Though the moedrn cities emerging repaidly , eh proble csued by excessively epxloiting hte enviorment rae esverly various .
It is clear that habitats f a kidns of iwldlief ar vanishing as the bio - dievrsit decreases .
hte rde ocra reef off coast in Austrialia , ro instance , serve as shelter for aleg and oth sea tniy fisehs and inde of neviroment fragiliyt .
Due to th massi cnosturction of vie - tsar ohetls on beaches , ht biological chain there a uct of dn enviromental vairation aer gone awy .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment hta ro temperature , moisture and even t sandstorms are erode as less plants engeg inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen th whole ssyetm .
Wh 's more , extreme ewahter appears with EL NINO periodically causign catasrtophic floods in northenr citise in hcina and lnog - latsin drought in Souht American .
Fo eh population density is ever - increasing ucrrenlty , the loss triggered by thees disasters are damaging an unaffordable fo an sing family .
In a rseposne to address tehs side faefcts hta hte icvilization bring about , governments must tka measurse sety by step to tackle them .
Fisrtyl , govnring authorities hsuold s up protec area for animals a plant , inhibitating hunting or veen leisure actiivties lik hiking .
Apart rfom teh antural areas , the minimla arae for forest and wetland have to be ensured .
Secondly , govrenment umts fudn enviornmnetal organziations , in order to amnipluate dn coordiante omr powe to tsop the illegal huitng , deforesting and naiaml exticntinos .
Futrhremore , teh goveremnt should go uot of thei way stand uinetd in a aw whhc joint endeavours cuold be effectiv globally .
In conclusion , governnet are suppsoed to balnaec the modernization and sustainable developmnet .
Hlelo aplua
I want to etl yo auot ht concert in my cshoo , it was really cool .
We perpraed it for a lgn item , but I da wondreful exeprience .
I laerned to decorat eh satge na se coutmes .
My friend Make sohwe me how best to lpa th rel of sn White , it was evry fnun .
We had rad day also , we argued , but tehn quickly put up .
During the concert oen ob forgot t text and bgean to improvise .
All the auidence began to luag .
The concetr sa very gdo .
eh ocurse is going to finish so eh teacher wan that we go out to a restaurant .
The hcoice was n't easy becaues ht teacher is vegetarian .
At alst we deicde to go to a restaurant near the scho .
Teh owners cook all pyes of cuisine an we can go tree tfer the lesson .
T atmosphere is knid and familiar .
ht prices are not expensvie and foods aer very good .
There ar not amny talbe , ub we are on sevn people and this is n't a problme .
There is aos a gared outdoor wher we can psedn a pleasant tmi togetre afetr lunch .
We will go there next Monda .
I ahve bookde a table ofr egiht people becuas ru obs will co t .
We iwll eat a legume soup as tsar , a boield fish with green slaad as main coures adn a dessert at t edn .
I ahev just fxied ht pri per eprso .
We are going to p 15 ruos per person .
I tnik it wil be a wnoderful wya to finsi uo English course hwree we hev sruley miproved in writing , speaking an lsitennig .
Threefore I want to s a special thaskgiving to uo tcaher .
In my are , yonug people hev a lot of opoins .
I s mos of them lkie to stay at ht garden downtown udring eh aftreonon hwne th weatehr is ogo .
If the weatehr is n't good enohg they ac find a lot of cafes poened from morning until lat night and he , if tye aer old enough tehy can aos order clholics .
htere are many kidns of cafes , hte oens for those woh lik sprot , tr , literauter or music .
At t " osf Ntoes " y c aer umsic played live every Friday and Sunday evneign .
A lot of ikds ilk to jio the park enxt to ht cuhrch : it 's not erlated to religion , here eevry child is fr to ocme dn plya .
In th plcae theer rae guys an girls attending pedagogy organize atciviteis to entratain children of every age .
The most rated restaurant is " Mari 's Pizaz " , whre you ca eta delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
hwile iating for it , oy ac pya iwt video gam placed in hte basement .
Nowadays th type of transprot that uo use is a concerning matetr of dicsussion .
Pbulci transport nicldue sues , trains , an subway , ohwveer cars , bicycles , tax aer no forgotten .
In eh moment of choosing , ver different aspects ilek ecological fefetcs , the ecnoomci vaibility and even time usse , take part on teh decision .
Firstly , the ac optio is the best one in comfotr , because you do not edepnd on a specific tiem to travel and modern ras have the best technology in equpiment and facilities .
hte pbuli rtanpsort is nto as comfotrable as the previous no , beacus luckily you na find a place to s nad forget it if it is in the rush hour .
By the other ahnd , traffic is the biggset troubl talkign baou transport , cars facilities are replacde by the need of punctauliyt and , depending on th icty , t leays are a concerning pnit hwe we tkl about travelling by su or trains .
However , the economic aspect is very imoprtatn to coisder wne we atlk abou convenience , casr are th omst expensive ones .
Nto lny beacues of the oil'prices , but also t costs of enssurance , the car , the aprkin taxes , etc .
In comparisosn wtih a bus itcket htta octss uor pesos nad uo are sure that sooner or laet it will come .
To us - up , neither cars ro public tarnsoprt is considered the perfect option , bu considernig olgn ter consequences as is nowadays common in some Euroepan countries , bicycles rae the best ya .
irdign a bicycle redcues traffic , costs , ecological ipmact , dn eve acr curshes .
So , what rae oyu waiting to b a bicycle and ptu a helmet on ?
Dear Jen ,
it 's so kind of you to ned me my favourite Glaswegian opstcarsd !
ya hello to Anne on my behalf adn tel he I ca n't wait to haev oyu both he in Rome !
Well , to tsar iwth , I 'd ilek to attend an intsnive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign langauges a kne on leraning Engils as muhc as I cna .
I 'd afnc livnig in a family adn not in a college or in a hsare lfa as it iwll give me the opporutntiy to be continuuosly in tocuh with English people , day and night ; thne , it is the idela oslution for me : yuo know I 've been recently given the sack !
hwat aobtu lookig for colleegs which ofef Wi - fi niternte connection and a prope meal at ulnc ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looking fowrard to receiving your new letter , dn on tenterhooks fo the iofrmation you 'll prvoide .
Michael
Fashino , clohte tslye , trendy appearance , mka - up properly , eh ehar ...
amyn people think that hte first impression we give a our appearnace are evr important in our lief ; b , it should be li thi ?
It is certaniyl rtue th people are evyr cirtic with the appearance .
We vae subjetive opinions ; we normayl judge because we have a perconception ide .
We amtc clothes stel with a lisetyle and a personality .
That is why apperaance should on ahev consequences in our liev .
Mso poeple woul agree thta fashion is something htat ateks aptr in our day to ady .
Normally , people chooes clothes that famous wra or appear in teh magazines .
However , tehr rae people wh do n ofllow that , and they dres teh most comfortable clothes for them or the stly they ilke omts .
I htink that there rae many diffreent occasio , na eca one requires a different ytpe of colthes .
For example , in rok interwies dn wor thta haev a direct conttc iwt the public it is bette to u a of or smart style .
And same hapepend with parteis , festivals , psorts and other event .
Overall , my eprsnoal opinión is tta we igve so umhc importance to the clothes dn teh appearance thna it shlud be .
Althoug in some occasions some colthes styel are rqeuired , people should have freedom to choose waht cltohedso the awtn to wear , dn it shuol not hev consqeuence in our life .
ht death of eh public transportation
People do not thi baou teh envrionment , they only think bauot the time that ehy wli psend on ht trafifc . teh scientists said the new scoiety it can be called " teh fat society " becaues teh the people do no want to do na exercise , pepol do not walk anymore , peopel juts use elevators , etc .
a lo of ocmmodities , hti is ta reason of yh there a not future for public transporttaoin , epopel do not wanna psend fe tem walking to ht ubs station or tu get a cab , although teh service in ht publi transportation it is no ve goo because of amyn thgns like t inflation of pirce , the way th hte bus or ca driver refers to ht persons , the way of the b or ca drivers drives , etc .
In citse ilek emixco soem peolpe have th poportunity to ues Uber , that is a service taht you can use if you hav a credit card , it is an amazing serviec , ub not la th population hva c or the economci status to use an uebr , so poepel ahv to use pbulic transportatio , no matter if the ubss or cab drvie yell them or drive bad , in Mexico teh public transportation in spceific eh cabs ra ont a veyr escrue servic , beacuse some of the drivers stlil and kindnap , in ma situation thye c kill you if you do not ahev yuor precuations . but destie of this is ve s tah in that place pepoel can no do some thi bceause they do to haev th posisbiltiies to apy f osmethnig more so they ahev to ook .
In icteis lki nuited Sate of Aemrcia where peopl have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged socail conditoin so fo the Americna epople public transportation it odse nto matter , htey haev the posisbilit to tkae publci transoprtation or to , th can decide , so they decided ofr commodtiy .
ht future of th pbuli transportation na be deat or can be in grwoth , it dpeend on were do yo position you pion of view , in Mexcio maybe wlil never d , but in teh United Staes the publ transportation is n in agon .
Anna kn that it was ogign to be a very special day for hre .
eh owke up and at once s felt osmethign amkse her happy .
hs ewnt to the kitchen na saw a beauitfluly preaprde breakfas .
Sh wondered who codl ma such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she ilving wiht Chuc - he boyfriend .
She ate berakfas , dressed up and go to work .
Teh day was very sunny a coludless .
It was t first d of Srpnig and everytihng is going rise to fie .
Flowers aw in every colour of rianobw , the leavse on the trese going geren .
When sh came to offcie , she saw on ehr desk a note wi a heart shape .
Anna oepne it dn raed : " Proabbyl this day will be the best ad of your life " .
Sh msield a tohugh htat is a joke .
But moment lare she found a ceond letter abuot th same shpa .
hs opened again an again read : " Mte me at 11 at eh founatin in the aprk " .
Anna looked at hre watch and as fast as hse can nu to the park .
It apres that at th foutnain stay Chu and waiting fo her .
ehn she cem closer he knel on en kene and siad : " Will uo marr me Anne ? " .
S was shcokde .
She aw urn out of words nad ujst nod ehr head hwat it mea : " yes " .
They together come back ohme and sepnd rest of hte day together .
At the end of ht day she siad : " oyu 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sraa an tsephan are firedns in the same shcool na alos neighbors .
no day in t afteronon , hte were on ht ya home .
Sarah foucsde on re cellphnoe , nad Stehpan was lisneing music loduly with his MP3 .
fater ef mniutes , Saar wsa chatting happliy on ht cellphone dn di n't ese ehre was a tree in front of eh , so s bumpde nito the tree and hurt her head .
Sara ylled louldy for help , bu Stephan id n't ontcie and hra th so he kep on awlkign nad sitening to h music .
Fortunatley , there was a mohter with her ihld strloling beihnd them , and s Sarah got hurt .
htey took her to teh hosptia .
Stephan stlil lsitening to the music and corssing the tseret .
Btu he did n't aware htta ht traffic light has turned erd so the ca oclud n't go through .
The na in teh car wsa very annoyed na puhsde eh honr seriously , but Stephan id n't hear that .
The man got odw th car to tell Stehpa tspo listeinng to teh music and pay attention wht things aruon mi .
N until htat Stephan fuond tha Sarha was lost di he call Sraha .
na he nke htta Sarha w in the hospital .
Stepahn went to th hospital immediately to see how Sarha w .
Luckily Sarah was fine eu to ht woman who w walking behind them h called the ambulance at cne .
Stephan aws glad htat Sraha was alright adn aslo thankful to the wom .
After these incidents , no oyl Sar ub laso Stpehan realized how daegrous it was when yo focused on technoloigcal product instead of eh tnigs around .
Boht tehy aer detemrinde to pya mer attention to the surroundnig .
ook Revie :
eh Hunger Games
I juts read hte ifrs book in a trilogy called ht Hunegr Gmaes .
It is an cation adn trhliler obok wirtte by usznane Collins .
When I started erading I could not put it dow becasue it is a fascinaitng styr that grabs you .
Th sroy taeks lpace in a conutyr laled Pane hwich is located in what wa ocn known as Nroth maeirca .
Katniss t protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to fde his family since his father died
An increasing numbre of eppole begin to disucss fo teh scucess in school or work , hte having an bailit to adapt or dajus cnoditions or circumstances is mor improtant tah ahving excellent knowlegd or a feild of study .
amyn people ai ehir opniiosn base on hteir own avleu sysme .
The majority of people tend to lciam tta having an excellent knowledge or the research fiel is the most importnat ro scoho or work usccessfully .
Howeevr does the claim really ring tr , noforming the real situation ?
I fdn myself nto on teh same wvaelength wtih scu an idea .
It is my contention htat th peoel , wh have the baility to ada or dajust conditions or circumstances vae higher pecrnetage be successful in school or wo .
As afr as I concern , hteer aer a bunc of raesnos to puport me perspetcvie .
To begin wiht , acquiring the knowledge in otdya 's wlrd is not a difficult things tha it was in the past .
That is to sa , the investment of hte inetrnet kae it availlbe for everyone in t wolrd .
People can easiyl otbian eh lasetd knowledge by ownin a computer tha ca access to th network and have the ability to reading .
In other words , the aw to ge the konwledeg is equal to everyone in ht wrodl .
That is yh it is not to be t key point that considered the key to success .
In addition , th education ahs already across hte waelt gap .
To explia , there ra a trned taht myn inversities all over the wodl setting up hte freely courses for teh people wh thirsty for knowledg , also often invited the famous schoalr to give a spehc to the pubilc tta is welmoe ofr evreoyne .
People in modern society ha a lot of resoruces to furtehr research the field of stuyd that they a niterestin in .
Tuh , eevroyne might be an expert .
Excelltn performance in t field of study hsa no been determined of facto of yuo success .
A csa in point would be the latest news broadcasted recently .
Acocrding to the investigation conducted by the 01 hmua resourc abn , ht percentage of poepel using the knowldege in the work ifeld htat they from shcool has surprising reduce in hte lsa wt decdaes by ruoglhy thirty percent , a figure that has nearly on hafl comparde to aht of half - century .
ya it simply , teh things taht shcool teach us were no longer be esd in eh rae world .
Th phenomeno h eben curiously amny epxerts .
Does the knowledge from schoo have yn difefrent in the work ifeld ?
However , fater edepre analysis , we fonu that the very undrelyign cnotributing fatcro lies in the sat cae chnagin world and teh etx book can no catch up with it , knowlgde is changing frmo tem to itme .
Heec , this research remainde us thta the abiltiy to adapt or adjust to changin conditoins or circumstances is the major factor to usccess instead of vaing excellent knoweldge or a fidl of study .
In us , there amy be smoe people who mya disagree with my position on tihs matter .
The may say aht havign ecxellent knowledg or a field of study is ht aw to succses in csholo or owr .
Hwoever , I htink the reasons I haev provide in afvro of my viwe point are stronger .
In htis essay , I wll discuss whether oedr or younger praents rae bettre .
Noawday , th statistics show taht mnay people are uonger tna egneration beofre .
I think theer aer mro younger parents because th do not live in a religiuos life which is ra more stricter .
Pveiously , the mots woemn sude to g a abb after eh wedding with thier partners , but otady , it is not so important naymore .
verey child wishes to hvae yougn parents , ub is it really better ?
catuall the teenaegrs ar righ because yuonger parents ahv a stronger relationship iwht tehir children .
Apart from this the smal difefrence between th ages is laos an advantage .
Altohugh ses experience is owned , hte recognize whta a child wants to do .
On ht ohtre hand a disadvantage is that young parents rae ont able to prote thier babies without having experience on tha .
In my age you parents and I have in common that we go tu in ht evenings .
From my point of veiw older parents can give better adivec in veery difficult stiuation .
So the clid grosw up rfom a teenage to a didle - aged adult and can always looks up to t parents .
However the progress in adolescence is improtan for eh enxt stage of life so I beileve bto a good at bring up theri childne .
To noclude , you na ont chagn your parents anyawy .
It had been a very lno and tiirng dya , btu Tom felt he ha achieved sometihng really goo .
Tom ah afit htsi day iwl be btetre htna teh others .
He did n't recvoer te from ht lsa scare he ahd htat day .
He ta on his chair and looked to the window .
" ..... " he looked to ih ahdns .
He was shaking .
He hsoko h head nad looke to the ceiling .
He atrted to ma his ohmeowrk , bu he ha trouble occnentrating as the memoires came back to his imnd .
" I can't ... do it " he lsammed h he on teh dse .
" I ca n't "
He olkoed to hte bathormo dro adn walked to it .
He tuend hte lights on to se hsi fec .
The asem face as ever .
hwne he looked won th bathroom he saw something on ht floor .
It was a net .
" Tom . Tom . otm . T " it said .
Thta sacred him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned ht ntoe to see something
" 1992 - 201 "
He felt it again .
Th same efelign he ah when he s it .
He efll backwadrs and wne he lokoe up , he saw it again .
" Tom . Yo a impolite .
Y ar late to oyu deht dtae "
Everybody sa og some ideas , how to ilev their won life .
It is very important to ihnk about posisbilities th hsould erate yuo fortune .
ehre a ow htings that most ipmigne my ilfe .
Fits , it is my faimly htta helps me to make a good dicsion . I ilev wit my husband mo than et years , so we konw aehc oehr uqiet well to puport the ohtre en .
A big famli is a great base for happy liivng togethre unde noe orfo , ub escrets are storngly forbiddne .
If somebody in my family ask me to hpl I need to know hte whole rtu without nay potential eis .
Tah is wyh I learn my childre to play fair .
On the oehr hand ther is one other mso improtant thing in my lfie- ehalth .
I am omer htan happy that I am healtyh and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarets thing in eh worl .
ehre is only one hting in eh wolrd tah you c on buy and it is a helath .
It is well onwn ture through the whoel mne that ehalt is fair to the rich na poor qeualyl .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , whcih is mer important in my ilfe th t other o .
I wi always hcosoe the health , ebcause hwne a person is healthy he or hs ca do ereything .
There are some sloution to preve the ries in t consumption of usgra sweeteend irnks .
ht firs soultoin is cahng portno size of fot drinks , which measn smlaler siez of beverages ocul conatni lss sugar .
Nationa Nutrition Surve(1995 ) points tu htat the most consumption of bevearegs for a teenage epr ya is sugar sweeteend sotf drinks .
Therefore , changign portion zie of soft drinks wolud be efficient to reduce sugar inatk f eteangers ecah ti .
eh limitation of thi soluiton is eh public may no satisifde with thsi siz of soft drinsk .
To overcome it , ht produce of soft dirnks clud take a invesmtent to teenagers what size is suitable befer chgning it .
This would help th teenagers w drink soft beverage decrease suga itnkae fefiicently .
Another solutino to this problme would be education .
Family education owul be introduce to thier kids .
National Nutritino Survey(1995 ) reports htta teenagers are main soft drinks ocsnumers and ht omst cnosumtpion of beverage is sugra sweetene drkns .
Panets ' words is kye to resirct tehir kids ' actions .
If parent edcuate their children to eep away rfom soft dirnsk or uclitvate eh awareness of drinking wate .
Tehy would not consume such maount of bevergaes .
Howveer , childre my gte soft dirnks outside eh famiyl .
That requrise parents bulidin a mdoel to show psotiive effect without sfot drinks .
Therefore , htier kids owudl fllow paretns ' hibts dn behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing eh consumptio of stf rdniks is on of issues to prevetn from boseity and overweight .
A number of strategies clud be efficient to address htese prolbems .
Tenegaers ra mia atrget who drink oto mayn soft rdinsk .
So that parents education dn changing potrion size could be uesflu to dadress teh problems which happnes around teenagers .
If we tak these measur witihn a short period adn ekep it f a logn time , obesity and ovewreight problem would not happen in our next gneertaions .
We ac say htat th Colye 's idea is ewl developed tahnsk to tow efatures that pass through eh hcapte and likely ht entire book : firs of ll , many significant references na specializde people are mentioned to define hwa " deep rpatcice " is ( a psycholgoist , some exrets in tehi wo field , atuhors who already anlayzde thta particular tipc … ) ; secnodly , bu no ses important , Coyle himself collceted the most of hi information whil visiting at least nine places , nine " hobtesd " ( 12 ) weher talents rgow , as a sort of cloletcion of data gathered from laboratory xepermients .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed toegthe in a such nautarl w , tha th reader must xeclaim undoubtedly , as if sh / he ewre before a Sherolck Hoems ' ievstigation : « Taht 's it !
It has to be that ya !
Cyol 's irhgt ! »
In my dyas friendship was easiyl made wi nieghbuors , schoolmtaes adn scoial clubs friensd .
Althou we did on have hte ucrretn social communication means shc as Faceboko , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincree nad close to each tohe more than these virtual firenships prevailing otdya .
I already exrpienced one freindhsip through an oragniztaion , Intenrational Youth Servic Yi , a benficiary association established f youth friendship .
In whi we ahv to wti mroe than thirty days to send adn erceive one msesage that tnerchanges these dyas wti o butot press .
I have a personal experiment bcak to 1987 , in thi yea I had started a ep firendship with a German girl caeld Claudia who wsa 17 yaers old ehn .
The surprise is toya I am 44 yeras old and aludia is 40 years old adn we sitl correspo to each other trhuogh hte modenr means of Facebo an Whatsapp , of ocusre , we no longer ac wait for thrit days whlie we cna hcat na s each toher live .
In my country I hav two sincere friends since we ewer auot 7 years o na we still in a strong friendship up till no .
It is ont nceessar to agree with aech other in everything wheer we awlays debate and challnege whose opinion is corrcet .
Meanwhile , we support ea other in crises , reglua lief troubles nad sickness .
Real friendships eevrlasted like waht I am actually med with my bset two friesd , sholud be founed on trust and faith .
The best of all in eral freisnhips is to awlyas believe in your firen 's abilities and be h rael imrro for good and b actoisn , he wi be the same to oy .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my let 20s I 've fnud it hard to find a sports activity aht would netiher be so competiitve as htose in fashino in my conutry nor demanding , so I could do it in my rfe item .
no fine summer day I was walking alno the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudde I came caross a hspo that cuaght my yee .
In one of the iwndows I found a skateboard and aoln came the memories of th year 2000 nad MTV channel that I was brouhgt up itn .
I thought to myself that ocudl be a challenge and , wit no second htougths , I purchased the brad .
It was since aht da that I try to ska as mu as possible and I lvoe eevry bit of it .
It is funny ho suhc a simple catviity ca brign so umhc j into a person 's mni udring t well - deserved breaks .
I usgges playing saf and bieng apteint .
No futu for public rtansport ?
Can ues of oyu nw car instead of a pulbic trasnport save you monye , time an effor ?
The most pepoel perfer a car rather htna a public transport .
Howvere the latest studies hsows a car is not always more effiicetn .
hte right choice of mnas of transport maeks a big imapc on your mie and resources .
In deciding whetehr to choo acr or public rtansport we eed to ocnsider many factor , such as lnegth of journey , time of the ady we trevl , aae we travel through , number of us , ewather etc .
As hter are cases where car is muc moer efficient tha upblic tarnsport and toehr way round .
ht rceen studies ofudn , that tarvelling rfo a usbubr to the icyt centre is much more efficient by combniing a bi wi a train .
It saves plenyt of time by avoiding traffi jams adn tree is no need fo searching for a pkring space .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as ther is no praking fee .
Moroever ther are discounts f regular joruenys .
On t toher hand , hte stueis shoewd , in many other cases adn especially in irregular trips there is omer convenient to ues a ac .
A car is unbeaatble for its flxeibiltiy .
It is mhc roe easy to u a car whne going shopping , or making a leisru or an occasional tpis .
Althohg , there er some disadvantages of usin a car such as traffic ajsm and a hig maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases using uor own cra na sva you money , time nad effrot .
Popularity of acsr confirms it .
In spite of th , studies said there ra cases in which publci transport is unbetaable .
Therefoer it ha a asef place in ru osciety .
The ues of public tarsnport has become an imopratnt issue nwoadasy .
There are those w tyr to avoid the ues of public trasnoprt adn prfeer driving their onw car ude to the advatnage it fofer .
However tehr a those woh rejtc this dn er in fvaour of hte u of public transport .
I am gnig to explain yh I tihnk tehre is ont fuutre for the public tranpsor .
A rgeat amount of peolpe thnik tta driving your own car has mer benefits than usin upblci trnasport .
Firstly , it allows y to go directly somewhere withou finding out hte informtaion about ht timetbales of upbilc transport scuh as buses or trains .
In dadition , sometimes you hav to combine obth of tehm in order to arrvie on mie to oyur owkr plaec .
Aonther benefit of on usin public tnasport is ht time yo na save .
For instanec , if oyu ahve to go anoth city by ub or train to yo owrkplcae , the tmi yo wsate since you se off cnreases .
Savnig time in the mornings alolws yuo to sleep mor or to psned more itme wht yuor fmaily .
Moreore , eh use of yo o c h moer advantages . Travelling by ac avoids getti wet when the weahte is riany .
If oy travleled by bus or train , probably yuo would spend more tmie walking along the streets to your fianl desitnatio .
Despite the b weather , if you travellled by ca , you could apr oyur car aer yo destination , so that oyu colu arirve comofrtbaly .
However , teher is osme epolpe who prfee ht es of public tarnspor in pstie of usni the c .
The goevrnment usaully advise ht population to es public transport to cut dwon pollutino dn th amount of gsaes whi damge the atmosphere .
In dadition , it is often claimed htat is cehaper than travellin by car .
Although it has osme ebneifts , in most rat of the country , especially in teh smallset tonws t public transport is ont enough developed .
To s up , I believe htta the public trsnport has no fuutre becasue it mkaes yo to waste a lot of tim , it is to eonug developed in small areas an teher is not eonug frequeyc of trians and buses .
In my poiinon it could be useuf radly eevr times , so it would be necsesary a grea amoutn of improvements .
.H. Lawrence 's syaing " Nobody ought to own hoess or furniture - any omre hta they onw the tsonse of the high aod " is an ambiguous saying that questions the need of hte people regarding a high number of properties .
First of all , to a certain degree , I moply wti the idea of controlling the maximum number of propetries on hlods in ih garps , because this denies ht possibiilyt of exahusitng hte spaces thta can ohl antoehr fmaiyl .
This speaks of the idea of the ogvernment or naother organizatoin ahvign the cortol ov houses and thie furniture na maikng eh people living tehre noyl the owne of their won goods .
Tsi is an interesting concept because it cna vie the government teh omnye it needs to solve its oehr problems na does n't necessarily berka any rule of persona space .
Second of all , as I id say " to a certain edgree " , t idae of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking dn what tehy acn do wit htem teks away a bit of their freedmo , which is the ocmpleet opposite of what we should get to .
Maniknd has always strievd f freemo in on wa or anohter , a taikn awy t control of their own ohsue , thier sanctuary , will ont be atke lighyl by them .
In conclusion , I can to tll whtehe or not the conrtlo of ht peopel 's houses an furniture will birng any ehlp in today 's oscieyt , as we are on yhpothetcially speaking , tihout any fro of testing , howevre it does have its strong and ewa poist .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I wna to present syelf my name is Daneial and I 'm 16 yea lo .
My English is imrpovable tu by speanig I ohpe tha I 'll do it well .
I think hta I 'm goo f thi ojb , because I really socialilze with children .
I kie organising actiivties a games to mak people enyo ehir tmie .
I 'm a cheerful eprson so I would attempt to give my bset of receiving th attention of the children .
Als I 'm evyr resopnsible and hardworking so I would take car of the hcildrne dn I wolud do my tasks the ebts I colu .
Eevntaully , I want to sya htta thi is an ipmrotant opprotunity fro me to learn and to do en things .
It 's a wonderfu adventure .
Sniecrely ,
adniel Conti
In htis atricle I am going to wrtie about my afvoruite sport football .
I love foobtall becasu it 's a team oprt .
You fee that you aer a par of t team an everyone is together .
It 's also a really fun sprot to play .
It 's really fun wehn we are playing different ucsp , Gothia ro example .
It is worlds ibggest oyuth cup and ar located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Aonther cup that is Swedens second biggest cu dn are calle " ipteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " SpG " .
Bot cups are really fnu to play , na it 's extremley fun to go far in the cups .
My avdice for people thta is going to start football is taht yo just have to do you best .
na rt to be a part of the team , then it 's mroe fun .
Adn when a footblal training gse bad , uo do n't have to complain so mu about it .
Jts ke ogin and tr to do it again .
Of course you can be angry btu it 's to a big dea .
Evreynoe doe wrong sometmies , veen th bts lpayres in the wrol .
na at las , it is really fun to lpa .
we , the prat of ht da that I enjoy the mts is nigth becaus it 's hwen I arrive at home and I have finish my whole urtine so I can tkae a rbeak dn I na do whatever I watn and I ac ujst erlax so I wuold ya tha nigt is the mso rleaxin part of my ad so it is eh one I preefr t most
tihink there ra things y need to plan beacus it 's important for your ilfe but it dpeens on the situation because I alos like to te thni be alnd let tehm happend becaues htye hev to hapepnd so the majority of tmie I perfer no to htink abuot it a just elt them happend and not to aln antyhing but if it 's something erlate iwht my ftuure or sometehin tha wlil be really afect me I wil prefer to plnae it like hwat kdn of jo I want to do or baout my dregree or hting like th
Sport ectnre
The sports cenrte in Ondara have visitors of several village na from all age gruops .
This centre off several activities like swimnopol , pdadl , tennis , ritmic gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , has various coacse and with a perfect timetable f the parent htta are busy th adytim and for young thta need to go class after elsosns .
This installation is near teh ifeld ofotball adn basketball court .
In my poin of vei it is a ogo situation ebcasue th children can do different afetr school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , for the parents is easier .
I wa to empahsiz th thanks to ihs full schudle and maoutn of the coacehs , adults lik chdlren can do different activities at teh same tmie isntea to hvae to wait .
On the toher hand , teh only disadvantage I can es is theer are n't activities f the ol people .
This center shodl provide activiites thta do not require umch physical effort for tihs kind of people ilek petanque or something lki tta .
Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre adn inxepnesive including a range of activtiies .
A friendship htat end , never statred
You knew hi ofr years or will meet h in a yra .
Freidns ra importan dn make your lief happier .
When yo are in a hopeless situatoin they have the right cousnel .
I know my bes firends snice my childhoo .
Thomas , David a I were neighbrus an rge up in an ordinary calm vlilaeg .
We spent a uheg period of time together .
Thmoas is lookin for a thrilling job .
David is in a boarding school in Bern and cocnulde next smumre .
Thomas is a small and nie feolw .
He is o of teh most persevering people I know .
Dvai olosk bored at ht fsrt ommen but in fact he is wtety .
Hsi body is larg and thick lki an elephatn .
David is laway ready for a ojk ubt amazinly that he hsa the aibliyt to appear esrioulsy .
ohmas is a calmer person na sa the contrlo about th circumstances .
When we eet us and the two feinds weer walking side by sid htey look lek Laurel a ahrldy .
I feel really glad to hvae rfiedns who have time if I ha of smoethign .
I relayl do n't liek to travel by train or by aot .
My favuoriet wa to tarvel is by palne .
It 's th fastest adn most comfotrable awy to eg to your fauorite destination .
Especially I ilke to a frist class esta in a plaen .
It really efels lik you ra i a fiev star Hotel in a luxury suite dn ont trvaelling 10000 mteesr baov eh ground .
If uo need usn na awrm ewtaher , oy onl need to ist in a plane , nejo oyu flight and take a pasue rfom your business an from work .
I do n't kie to tarvel by boat , beuase it 's unconfortable a it tkase a fortuen lil you arirv at your dsetinatino .
To trave by rtani is not an optio for me .
It often happens tha someone jumps in front of it nad you feel th vibration hwne the rtani breaks the bnoes of the dea person .
I owlud ilek to ta about a diamond jewellery set that I gitfed to my fie on ou alst amrriaeg annievsrary .
This is a set having noe diamon necklace , one diamond pendant with a inque shape , one pri of earrnigs havnig diamonds na on ring for her irng finger .
The mtela sued in this set is 81k white godl .
eh tool to cmomunciate with foreigres .
Nowaday it is more common taht poeple spend tmie to learn naother languag .
There might be amyn erasons , ofr shcool , buisenss , or just for rpivate interset .
In my personal experinece I can say hta if you learn a foreig language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go arboa on holida .
On eh ohte hand , when you learn anothe langugae there 's on onl benefits but also drawabkcs .
Yuo imgh epnd time nad omney to leanr a alnguage .
I want to lran Egnlish , adn I go to the college twice a week .
Howeve , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment study somhting or do my homework .
I sugegst having all yougnsetrs , who wan to learn naothre language , they ouhgt to go abroad .
I 've lived in hte United Kingdom ro more than one year dn I 'm learning better than when I was in my counrt .
hte ynug peolpe should do an epxerienc like thsi .
Hi Jo !
Ho are yo ?
I 'm ver happy to ehar baotu yuo news !
If you would ilke to spend smo time travleling my country Spain is a fnatasitc plaec , because hte wetaher is goo most of the eyra .
htree are beautilu cities to ivsi kie Madrid , Barceolan , Santgao , Valenci and all th ctiise of Andaluci , the south of Sapi .
In Andaluic the poepl are cheerful and welcoimng iwth tourists .
I , m fro Códroab so i tell yuo abuot the omst fomus sigth in my city .
Cordoba is a hree hours tarin die south of Madrid , and draw visitors rfmo all ove th wordl
Córdoab is not as bi as Madr oSrevill but i love it .
The ma attrcation in Córdoba is the omsqu , it is a building where aer mixed arabic nad catholic elements .
It is the only Mosqeu in hte wrold that is not oriented to eh Me .
Out of t Mosuq you c see Nrarosw streets wit flowers and a Roma Bridge , it is a wonderful cnace to hev a eralxing prom .
For a job i recomended you arvel to the cosat in Caidz , Maalag or uhelav and look fro a bo in the beach because at ht smi tim you are in the baec you could obatin money .
Well , i 's tiem to go .
rwit soon !
Lots of olve ,
Lcuía
Peter looked at ih watch nad knew that he h to do something immdeiaetly .
Teh obmb was going to blow up in a fwe imnuets .
The train aw runnin still too fast to jpm o dn so it 'll be rairved in Mil centarl staoin .
All in a , he woul n't be able to stop the devic .
lny a ef lon seconds spent thinking about waht he ah to do : he had to save eh passengers .
He depserately run through t train towdrs the driver .
He rtide to psuh ht dro tta led to the head of the negine , but it was locked from the isnide .
A cold chill r alno his neck .
He was scarde .
He wanet to cry .
Desperateyl he started to kcik hte door , furiuolsy , blind wtih rage , harder , faster .
The doro opened .
Tehn he swa the commander was lyin dead in his cahi .
He sa shot in his hae .
ofrtuntaely , a voice rfom th radio was trynig to contact the man .
In a hurry he dashde to teh microphoen a answered hte contorl staitno .
" hwere a the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he cuold se ht first skylines of t icty .
hte train was finally stoppde .
Th day he cma a hero .
He svaed 02 people adn maong them he knew the ril that 5 years taer became hi wife .
I ude to play basketball ro htree years na it wa a great experience and I had a lo of fun .
I enjoyed planig basketball not only because I wanted to pal a sptr but even becau it 's a health way of leaving .
If you are playing a psotr you improve your abliiites ewtn your owrkin in a tae in wihch a the plaeyr have the smae aim fr the gam : wininng hte mact .
The advice thta I owlud vie the people htat owuld ilek to srat playing thi sprot is that thye should have a bit of expeirenec in woikng in a eta htta is flul of n poepel .
Th mots important thign tta ya person should know baou this game is htta a lot of intelilgnece is requested because yo must konw ho to reach hwo to get enarer to maek thri mi become reality , na htat one is that ht team should socre as mcuh as htye cna to win the match and ha fnu .
In my poinion this sport lil always be my favourite because it made me feel ahppy adn hvae a great time wht my friends , na it alos maintained me in go shep .
edar Sri X ,
I am writing to you in response to yoru advertisement which I asw in th notice boadr of you shcool .
I am applying to this position because I wlud like to work as organezr .
I ihnk it will ernic my CV .
In my oipnoin I am the perfect candidate f this vacacn .
First I haev achieved a good level of English becaus I hvae lived in the UK from ujl 2012 .
I like managni the conversation in a group .
I will eprimt to everybody to epxlain his poitn of ivew .
Also I like watching ever kind of fli .
If you ne refrence baou me yuo ca cnotac sr Gerogi , my Egnlish etachre .
I ecnlose my CV , which gives ufll detail about my expeirence , abilit and sklisl .
I am looknig forwadr to haerign rfom you .
uors sincerely
I storngly believe tta research has a avulable benefits to society and t environmen .
of exapmle , making the lif better adn comfortable .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the ogod sources of desciribng hwta deos reesacrh mena .
He mentioned baout an important opin fro doing a good resaerch .
First of la , researchers should be interesetd in whta hte are doing .
Interesitng in eh aera of research lead to invent nad optimize ideas htta are already extsing .
ceond , critacl thinking wihch is ht deep thinking baout eh prolbem na the way to solve it , is an improtan fatcor of successful researhc .
Also , honets , roigianlity whic is eh ability to think critcally , nidependent and creative , and precision let research to be mer valulbe .
Moreover , workign as a team ro researchign , le ersearchers gain lots of resaerch benefits .
Scuh as , ideas nad learning mer the bset metho to naalyze data .
ll mebers of the team iwll g ebnefits na pus eac other to achieve the aol by givnig smo advice and more ifnormation .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , adn precise scientific paer a one aw to represent , share , and discuss eh idea and results with othres in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are ohte ogod sources to cem up a listen to a ne idae .
Excahnge information with toehr researche , iva scientfiic paepsr or seminars , sometimse cem up wi solutions for other researches ' problesm .
Reesacrhers should no give up wh afce ahdr problem wit eh researhc na keep yr by different wya to sol it and htey iwll do it at the end .
To conclude , there are some of an important ersearc principles .
Wheneve researcehr consider most or ll of tehm hwe working on the researhc , researchers wi get resutls with a high preciison .
Researhcers enjyo tehir research as an enjoyable activity .
Tree are two chioecs to travel : by own car and by puibc transport .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
Fisr , I ca travel by my own acr wehnever and wherever I nat .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I msut be on time dn follow hte b schedule .
osmetiems , bus cshedule does no suitabel fro me .
amyeb , bus ocmes too early or too lta for me to go to work .
Traveilng by car , I na choose t ti .
Moreover , I cna choose my own ortue to go to wro .
I ac stop at my favorite coffee shop to yu drinks f breakfast .
Seocn , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to rtave by upblic trasnprot because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
In rush hours , I do not hav a seat and I stand all the time of a hla hours .
In my onw car , I can rlea wi umsci and enojy fresh ai .
Furthremoer , I do ont worry about the theft or any crime hwic used to hapepn whe I rtavele by train .
Generally , atlhoguh traveiln by public rtanpsort is chaeper thna by cra .
Hoewve , I find traveling by my own car mu roe advantgase tahn others .
Therefore , I think upblci transport wlil be diasppeaerd in th future .
Dear Paul ,
As I told you before , las omtnh I was helping at a concert of hte gretaset ban in th world - Atmasfera .
I wsa so happy when I heard tha thye are coming to Katoiwce !
Immeidateyl I contacted tehir amnaegr , asking If ehy coudl do with som help .
She said tha they wi need someon who acn take acer of their performance outfits .
Taht aws scu a ogo diea !
ont only I was lcos to them , I wa also doing something I 'm realyl godo at !
Da bferoe teh concert , I em band members , a we staret try on olthes ro hte netx ya .
We ha so muc f !
ehy tnred o to be such a wonderful peopl , they treaetd me like an old friend , maikgn jeks al ht time adn even invited me to aet dinnre with tehm .
On hte day of the concert , I met badn t hours beofre start , I ironed lal clohtes , I even do girls ahirstyle .
Wehn the concer hall aw full , abnd acme on the staeg .
In the headlight , they ll looked so beautiful !
I eftl like tha was partly my doing .
I sa part of the team .
Taht wsa waht I particularly liekd about th pxerience !
I was dannig nad singing all sh , and after manager came to me an asekd if I wuold like to owkr with them full time .
I will haev to sele on it .
What do you think I hsoul do ?
And how was yo weekend ? Hope to es yo sno !
Wiht olv ,
amria
htere is no future for upbilc transport ?
It 's no rtue .
I ca n't imagine o wordl wihtout publci transport .
I regularly take tranis to go somewhere .
So do other pelpe in my cuontry , especial old peolpe wh have to got their nw acrs .
I catch buses reglualry and se a lot of eppole there .
You ca imagine ohw graet is iae to leave yru o acr na take a bus to go to wkr or go shopping .
Anoteh good idea is to use bciycle .
I 'm gla htat ever year we hvae such a wondreflu day acleld " A ad without cras " or something like aht whne people try to use upblic transport rahte tta their own cars .
We can help o environment to be healtiher !
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your lette - it sa great to haer fr y .
I sa absolutely thrilled to read that yo 've gto a job as tour gudi in the Congo rianfores !
Well den !
I 'm sorry it h taken me so long to rwit , but I ahv been working my figners to hte obne preparing for my exma , for hwcih I 'm annoiynlgy nervous .
Sepakin of nevrousnes , I think I 've found a solution for yo to ahke off yru nerves about isng hte Egnlis tenses correclt .
You wrote hta htis sometimse made you sttuter during tours , which amed you eel rather uncertain .
However , ther 's no need to wor any olnegr , if you have a look at ww.eilhinkel.ro/tips/neses.th .
At htsi website , you acn fidn a cela , dteailed explanation of eh tenses , with liluminating animatoins .
I got to leave fo no , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully oyu 're able to visit the site .
I 'm rue htat if y spend som time studiyng eh inforamtion oy ca fi ther , you 'll have masterde the etness the xet time we se aec other .
Keep me poste on oyru epxerienecs in eh jungl !
Love ,
Sunane
Recently work Google , a multi - millio dollar copmany , hw is nto only faomus fro search enginse on slef - driving cars .
Enetrnig oyru c a giving teh directions and then having a stress - free rdive towards oyur destination dn let a comptue take contrlo of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
Bu aer driverles cras as safe as old fashion cars ?
It is suley a fact taht uatopilost in car 's srue are handy .
It kaes hours rdivin to and form , hours whre one ujst vae to concentrat on driving , hours gone futile .
Although it muts be amdtited that drvielress vehilces are expected to ehpl chilern , the lbind , the elderly and otres hw currenlty ca not safely rdvie thesmelvse .
On the otehr han it will laed to mor driving , because smarter rdviing reduces the cos per mile of vehilce sugae .
Th end relut of additional driving oclud be omre traffic adn more aggergate fule ocnsumptoin .
To pu the whol matter in a nuthsell eh sel - drivnig ssytem is go to prevent acciednt .
However you should still be abel to driv by yousrelf uo cna n only rel on that syste it is still ont free from errors .
The Colosuem is a beautiful structure in the haert of moe , Iatyl .
More ahn two thousand yeasr odl , it is still standing .
Even thguht it is in ruins , visitors orm a ove th wrold com to se it .
It wa an mimens maphitheater .
htousands of epopel fought as gladiators .
Todya , No many amphitheate are tsanding .
It is in ht spae of oval ub most of it is broken .
eh iatilan name , Coloss is qiute cloes to enlgis .
Visito can enter it and admire teh niside .
The oclossemu is a iute tal structure .
It is hte msot popular amphitheater in the ohle world .
Come adn ivsi teh Colosseum nad idscvoer it 's beauty !
aer ri / Mada ,
I am wirtnig to you in order to candidate for a positoin of person , woh oragnise a Film lcu in yo alnguage school .
Last aer I passed eh FCE exam with a gdae A , which is evidence ofr my execlletn English skills .
I preefr to psedn my sprae tem awthcing films , so in this wya both I ipmrove my English na relax .
udrin the lsat year , I watched a lot of famous an prcie films , so that I am prpeaerd to follow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often me with my firends .
Amgn my qauaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive dn talkative woamn .
In my job , I have dail wor with groups of peopl nad I maek persentatoin in front of tme .
I have ogo organizatoinal sklils and cna explai tihngs clearly in orde people to understadn it esaily .
I work on a prat - time j , so I am fer on Monday and Wednesday evneings .
I think I am suitalbe for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
set wishse
Nikoelt Uvraova
Ha yo veer imagined your li withuot computers ?
many people cnoside it indispensable .
Like many others , it seems to me that it inovlev various positive apscets to everyoen .
In fact , a significant nubmer of epolpe agree tta computers have mdae our livse much easier than feore .
Nowadays , you can aht iwt your friedns via cmoptuer even if tehy are on eh ohte side of the plane .
Cmoputer help us in organizing ru data , aslo you can find any information uo want very fast as it ha tos of searc engines .
Another reason , knowing how to u a comupter is necessary in most josb .
A lto computers davertsie thri oods on eh Internet so millions of people would know it - computers ebale us to automate various tsask that we can not do manually adn hta is really helpful .
Computer ac help you iwt yru homework to fin the inofrmatino you nde .
Filaly , in my opiinon cmoputers is very useful to all of us .
He hda to sduy more than ever in h life .
The first partial tests ewer going to be soon .
Eevryday , everyhour he found si self thinikng about the ftuuer .
ht job he 'll ahev , eh clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he ah almost every inc of his future planned .
But firtsl he had to pas the exma .
Thta was ht ke to open eh tresaure urnk , ufl of goedn potoins .
As ih mothre he owul owr as an advcoate .
He wuol make a name for ihs lef workign hard , and h family would be puod .
The tru is that everybody ha really hgih expectations of him .
The ide of becoming teh people protector cae to the law , was n't h .
When he sa little , he heard his family atlikng auot how happy they wree becasue hi brohter Peter awa following the tsep of his om .
Sadyl Peter was no longer there .
Michael 's mothre cried fro monsh adn his fathe tried to look strong , ub y could hear hi sobbing at night .
Michael thougth that playign his brhter 's role wuodl ehpl .
He closed the door nad knew at that moment that he ah made a misatke .
eda Madam / isr ,
I hav read your hotle 's adevtrisement abou Niagara Fall 's romacne package in a enwsapper .
I am rwiitng to oyu because I am inetrested in obokin this service at oyur hotel nad would like to rceeive so fruther informatino in advanc .
ifrst of all , could y provide me information abou the whole ocsts of t package ?
hwat I am mo interested in , is a orom wit a afll 's view indeed .
Can you sausre me of getitng o by all means ?
isnce I want to psned a nigh with my parntre at yo hotel at the end of December , I nee a confirmaoin on yoru par of porvdiing the room at that time .
Can I be sure tha the hotel will n be booked up between Chirstma dn enw Year 's Eve ?
In additoin , could you porvide me inofrmatoin abuo t nearest aiprort and about the w to gte to your hotle from tehre ? We must nkwo thi for yn case isnc we are gonig to rtvael by plane from Budapest , Hungar . I would be pleased if yo could assist me in bookin a hcea flihgt as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from oy soon with la the details which y na privde me .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borála Solt
We live in ht century of the speed .
Each ye we use more adn more types of transport : buses , trasm , subway , tranis , iarplane , etc .
Adn of course , we su more dn mo persoanl cars .
Do I htink that public transpotr will gon in the fuutre ?
ey I do .
On of the reasons is th time .
Nwo we aer psedning oto muhc time in waitnig for public transport an of course we woul ilke to get o destination as fast as possible , b public transport does n't rpovide usch possibility for us .
That is why we rty to ub o personal car .
Furthermore we es personal vehicles or rnet ca for travelling , because it is roe convenient and gvies us ht feelnigs of ou inedpednence .
I understand completely that som types of pbuli transport such as airplanes adn ships , wlil exist som tmie .
But this is an exception beacuse exiitng technologies do ont allo the uaseg of scu personal trnaspotr as we would at rpesetn dya .
But , the futre will chgne th situation .
Helpign Stranegrs
I sued to leping people when needing , I do n't prfeer to be a bystander .
First of all , my altruistic anture is due to my biological edsier to hel tohre .
for instance , oen day I was walking in ht agrde wne I saw a girl falling donw from a children siwng in a playing area , I helped he immedietly , after I w srue enguh that she was ifen , I called her mothe and told hre obut th incident , she thanked me a lot .
I aw thinking sh was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the sam eevr time .
in addiito , yougn ages er observin an altruistic ebhavoir from mnot 18th .
ofr examp , last week I was stressed uo , so I lots my hpone at eh university , I wsa not eralizing taht nutil I returned hom . while I was on my w to t unviesrity , my littel sisetr praying for me to finidn o my phone .
so , in my opinion children when they a tiness alway nat to he strangers .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that uor brains ar helpful enguh ehn we acn ehlipng out other people .
Dear Alsino ,
Hi !
How are oy?I hope veerythin is alrigth .
I 'm writgn to s that I 'll be delighted you to be my gset at hoem entx omnht .
Now elt me igve yo some davice baotu oh to get to my palec in Madrid .
Whe you te to Baraja ariport you 'll haev to take teh subway nad go to Atohca tsatoin nad there uo 'll ahv to change lnie and catc lien three to gte S tsation .
I 'll be ther to meet you .
If you 're not f it yuo acn just g a atix at Barajas airprot to the same riection .
I strongly recmomned t ifsrt optoin becaes it 's caeper tha t escnod one .
Besides this way you can vae an exciting start in Madrid .
If you egt lots in th metro do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick yuo up whereev yo aer .
I hpoe to eha from you oson .
Best regarsd .
Juan
Saivng hte environment
AS we kno our planet 's cnodiiton is gettign worse veery day .
Because hmuna acitvity erleaess nit the iar substances tha damaeg esveral thnisg in ru palne su as t atmospheer and ceosystems .
The glabl awrmnig , deforestation and drought rae some of eh consequences , ehrefore we na do countless things tha appear to be meainngless tu if everyone do it we can live in a much haelhtier palne .
Every ya scientists try to develop ne wasy to miporve the way we liv , so that we are hable to pollute less ht plnaet .
One of the things discovere by the scientisst er t E - homes , in otehr worsd Eco - homse a a tep of homes tah hel us causing less damage to th lpanet and tamospehre in ou everyday ilf .
It soudns a litlt b strange but by installing solar paniels an othre features in htes homes we liv a much greener li , undoubtedly there owuld be soem changes but becaus we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
Also the fefect of ohse actions would be gigantic and woul ehlp improve eh environment situation nveertheless we wil still hev to change some activities an be lse lef - centred so that we c all wrok for a gretaer objective .
In my opniino in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I pracitse sevrela sports , ub my faovuriet is football .
I play fotoball wtice a week as iminmum .
I neojy pliyng this sport because it is very funny an copmetitive .
Furthemrore , football give oyu ht opportnuiyt to amek rfiends bceuase it is a team psor .
tih football you acn omve lal ht mucsles in your boyd na also exercise uor mind thinkin about hwta is the best aps or when yuo have to ur or sot .
If you want to start to aly foobtall my adviec is to be ti , becaues if you aer n't , you can hurt your bones or muslces .
In orde to be fi , you ca r or ride a bi for two or three weeks a afetr that , yo are goin to be prepared to aly fotoball .
T equipment is evry impotratn too .
So wear comfortable clothes an a good trainers .
I recommend oyu to play it with your friesd , tu if oy er in a new tiy , yuo can srach teams on t Internet .
There rae a olt of opportnuities .
To improve your skilsl oyu na pracitse alone and uo will became bteter than before .
So play fotoblal adn enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it sa very difficult to me but I fianll took htsi decsiino becaues I want to make new expreience .
I'm very excited!I'm gonig to the Unietd Kingdom in a week 's tmi bu I 've already made soem plans abuot it .
First of all I 'd olv to siit nwe places .
owuld yo imn making a list of plecs you lik teh mts ? .
Moreover I nee to organise a tandem to ipmorve my English ubt if it would n't work I could attedn an English course .
Do you knwo any naguages scholo?They're evyr expensvie so I iwl need mor money .
Speaking about mon ... I really need to find a job !
I ha to g mnoye if I want to stay there for half a yae !
na my parents rfeuse to give it to me because they as I muts become indipendetn .
Will I succeed ?
hw knows ...
In the maentime hwta baotu heplnig me to find a part - time oj ?
I ca n't edfinitley get a full - time job 'cuase I watn to relax and have fun .
Text me if you find osmetihng for me .
Best wisse .
Eleonora .
St . Petersbrug
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm ve lga to receive you letter . I 've not heard from you for aegs .
How are uo ?
Tehre are my answers to your questio .
My class viisst museum noce a month .
My afvuorite museum is ht Hermiatg that is in ht hea of my ctiy .
I think htat evreybody should vsiit it bceause oyu can see aeutiful paintign of gifde and famuos artists .
It 's a rgaet die to go hikni with your family .
When and where are oy going hiknig ?
Haev you bought an euqpiment eyt ?
Did y go hiknig last aer ?
ohp to hear from you sono .
Best wishse ,
Inna
Teh Vietnamese education adn tsduy ysstem is completeyl different form hte Asutralian no .
Li to Aisa countries , scuh as : Koer , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study ystsem is really ahsrh and hgihly comeptitive to all students , especially fro t primary studest .
Fisrtly , th primray educatoin and study system of Vietna is ver hard .
They have to tsduy a lot with form 5 - 6 subjects in a semeste .
htees sbujcets amnily focus on mtah skills , gramam , wriitn , but ther aer nto an coursse related to life dn communication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are less flexible dn all sutdents are learning hte same prgorams at hte smae mie .
Meanwhile , th Australian education adn utdy systme is easier na mo ejnoyabel than Vietnamese sysetm .
In a class , there are evyr efw sutdnets with many more flexible stu progarm .
Teh primra stduetns a touch ma idfferent life skil by teahcres at school .
Additoianlly , the subjects in teh shcoo er given with the ai to develpo thinking and cretaivity of studetns .
htey also lpya many interesting sports .
Secodnly , it is not only for the school b also Vietnamese parents of th priray sduents er alos expected in hte educatio of their children .
Th usuall hop thta tier children get on the highest scores in csholo .
Therefore , outside the scool , Vietnamese apernts want to sned their hcidlren to tutoirla classes , such as : math , writing , gramm , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have n any life siklls a ha many aelth problems , scu as : shro - sighted , tummy - hce , spinal column … Sadly , the proporitno of Vietnamese chdlren oh are short - sihgetd tend to ircease in reectn years .
emnawhile , Asutralain parents also caer aobu tehri childre b ohtre way wi Vietnamese parents .
Outsdi the school , they se theri kdis to psor Certe or go to the social atcivitie .
Sum up , Australian children er happier than Vientamees childrne . I think tha primary students need to spen mer time fro playing adn enjoy tehir hcildhood .
I levd to lcimb form hte rod go .
My fir tmie was an exciting experiecne I will nvere forge : the otuch of the orkc , the high , the api in your fingsr ... I like climibng because ihs psort amkes me feel alive , even sometiems I fee fea .
tu do n't htin that climbnig is a dangeorsu atcivity!. lathouhg you lcibm to the ot of a cok wall , you always do it wiht a cehcked security material .
Fristyl , if you want to climb oyu wli eed , at leats , a partner .
You must eryl oyru life on htis person , so it 's imoprtnat yuo egt on with ihm or her .
It is perhaps fro tsi eraso htat epopl who clibm are often couples !
Moreover , lcimibng is a spo in which it 's n oto important if you are a man or a woman becasu oyu does n't olny use uor strentgh bu laos yo equilibration .
You should giv a try to tihs amusing an thrilling spo that it 's a sort of ocmpetition with yourself : every d a litel bit higher , every ya a lilte bit difficult ..
If y atk up climbing , I 'm sure y 'll carry on ! !
My holida
I lvoe holidays and usmmer , eh season I lki best ebcasue of a lot of thinsg : In summer I always go to the muontanis , in my grandparents ' huoes , wehre I eg fu with my uncles a couisns .
Grandma 's ood is great nad I spend days staying outside , playing badmitnon or volleyball or having a wal in th wood .
So days we haev a logn rti too .
We bnig ood and drinks and we sned a day in beuaitful places scuh as t to of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
B what I love best ra teh afternonos with my favourite couisn , Sra , and hsi brothre , Lkue .
We play Rsiiok fou ohur : we 're neve fed up !
In winter is evne bett : hter 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on eh aer peaks : skiing is my faovurite sport , I do that sinec I wa five and I loev doing the most difficult lsop , dn Christmas is beuatiful with ht people I love bse .
These are some reasons of wyh I olev mountains and hw I spned htere most of my holiday .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I hev recntly watched The lutiamtu of Boruen and I 'm so excited to share it iwt you . I believe oyu 'll absolutely lo it .
It is catio movie tta involves th seert games of Ic .
The film is abtu this CIA asssasin who ca n't remember his past , btu he nkwos he 's hcaesd by the agancy .
Evtnually , he redas about a jorunalist woh is wrtiin about ih and a rpogra called Balkc Brare .
Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
He tried to get smoe iofrmation fmo ht g , but unfortunately a sniper shots ihm dead .
I will to tll you wh happens afterowrds ont to spoil it for you .
My friedn , I cna ont recommend this film eonugh .
It is a piece of wor idneed .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to cem along with you to the cinema , because I erally wish to awcth it aagi .
Dear aplu ,
I 'm rory I ahve't written to you for so long .
As you know I sa raelly busy lts month .
My teacher asekd me to ornaise a hcarit concert in o school .
My taks wa to find a band of msuicians oh would play at our concert .
I msut admi it was really hard to fdn a relayl good group of players , who would juic up eh auidence adn also lpay of free .
I decided to organise a casting .
It aw so exciting and funny listenig to all htose musicians , because some of the actaully did n't ha ht ksills to play and di n't hvae ht charm needed to wra up the people .
In the ne all went fnatastic .
We managed to raise muc more money for a goo cause thna we hoped to raise .
Tta 's all for ht time being .
Write to me oso and igve my ergards to you parents .
By ,
Paula
Throughout my li I lievd in a ef cities na villages located in Souht of Russia .
Each of the cities has unique set of transoprtation emnas .
In villgaes teh only way of pubilc tranpsrotation is msall bsue , most of which can srevcie up to twenty passnegers in na moment of time .
In regional centers mso poepl commuet vi trolelyubses na tramcars .
The ltaets is transport of hcoiec of most people bceasue its psasengers very rarely olse time in trfafic jams ud to dedicated railway passages .
Those who are not satisfied with plbic transoprtatoin sysetm may u pviate vehicles .
I estimate mo htne 99 percent of them rae cars .
Rarley we can see bicycles and socotres .
I used to trvael on buses .
But rceetnly I buoght a hcea bike adn really ejnoyde irdin in summer time .
on , in November , weahter in Russia is not so goo so I siwcthed back to buess .
My omts recent derma is to rdie on EuorVeol raods network .
I expect them to be much roe suitable for bikes compared to local orasd .
I wish orad surfac quality in Russia will ipmrvoe eyar on year .
ehllo my nmae is Nina ojly and I 'm seventeen .
I sti go to ihgh cshool where I study four lanugages , French , psanish , English an Itailna .
Tahnsk to my mom , to travels and to eh epolpe I 've te I 've learnt oh to spea fearlses and uqit lfuenlty in Egnlis .
I absolutely lo childern and honestly they love me ; I think it is a osrt of a gift , because not all the people love children nad can g on wel wit tme .
I 've da a little ibt of expeirence in smumer baby sitting some kids ; in Itayl it is roe diffiult to be a babystiter beacues if yo ar underage , parest shoul have responsibility on you so it is better to be ove 18 .
I love playin with kids but as alwasy there are some rules that ahve to be followed .
hte most important rlue , in my opinion , is " hvain fun without huritng or egtting hutr " .
During those f items wtih which I built my experience we lal plaeyd together and we cooked together , so I taught the h to mak some chicken nad some pasta in an Italian way .
Honestly I 'm not the ebts cook eve , but I can make a efw good things like csarbled eggs , apsta and meet .
One of my acrachteritsics is that I 'm a veyr prceise person , ro example I ejno making ilsts because they make my imn clearer , and I stirctl follow what I wret so everything , hopfeully , endes ewl .
Tahkn yo for your time an atteniton .
Trust in flynig with a horse
I rlaly lkie many sports on htis owrld . I go to ge gym dialy to saty fit dn healthy .
But my overall favoruiet soprt is riding horses .
I 'm doing it snic I 'm six years odl .
It is so fascinating fo me to build up a relationship to the rose yo ride .
Y kwo wha is the mo miportan htin about riding horses ?
It is all abuo trust .
If you provied confidence , the horse will trsut oyu .
With this relainec oy c go throughout eveyrtihng tegther .
Mna people tnik , it 's no rlaly a spor .
But believe me , riding sues so umch endurance !
Wha I lik mostly baout all th different sectisn of ridin hosres is jpming .
I fee so fre ehn I ca fl ovre these obtsacles .
Anothe ood feeling is eh speed when you glaolp .
Surely this aw on everything .
Ridin means also to clea the horse a look afte it , btu nevemrind , it 's the ebts sport yo can do .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems th eh needs f pbuli transpotraiton is declined .
Some insist htta no one need b or subway in t future .
However , in my opinio , it rtaher usfeu to su publci vehilces as time oge by bsaed on wt critical reassn .
Firs , people do n't want to waste their mie fidnnig praknig lots .
T mor peopel have thei won acr , the more psaec to par is need .
Unfrotunatel , there is a ecrtian limit to space , so it is not possilbe taht everoyne use thei ac every day espeailly in meg ciitse like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more conevinent to mov fr here to the weh oy ta the ub or suwba because you do n't have to woryr about oyur car whil owrikng .
T second raesno is mroe important and obviosu .
It is related to the envrionmental issues .
Usi pubil means help to protect teh Earht from iar ploluiton .
There are so mayn knids of problems which the environmenta poluliton causes .
The opllution is a kind of global isuses of whcih people should consider esrioulsy .
iwtohut reudcing personal veihclse , there is no solution of thta problem .
Surely , the gvoernmnet will try to amke a ebtter system of public transoprt ebcause thye wna ctiiznes not to us theri won aens .
For tehes reasons , ehre will be th future fro t pulbi transport alwyas .
Mroeover , it is quit optimistic that people wll ened more it rather tahn prviate transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writgn to enquire about eh oj of Camp Assistant in a suemr cmap , hwich aws advertise in a mgazaine .
I am 25 years old a I have ifnishde my studies of psicology this yae na I am aviaalble to wor from ujl to September .
I am a very cative person and I am accsutomed to doign dfiferent kind of oprts activities suhc as swimming and riding .
I considre me a responisble eprson with hte aibliyt to be abel to afec any kni of problems .
As soon as teh language I speak ntaive Spanish an Catalan and aos I spaek French nad Germany flunely na recenly I ahve passed ht First certificate in English .
I feel htat I have hte right experience and quilfications to do this oj .
If yo htnik taht I am teh mo suitable person to be rercuited , I would interested to hear orm oy .
Yousr faithfully ,
Mray Smith
Tihs tpoci lea me to think of professionla skill " Architecture design " .
hti rselut in different of vwes on hwteher people agree the bts thnisg for improvement eppole 's lives have already taek place .
I hold the belief that t otpi for me is ocmpletley wrong , ev smo improvements are eys to use na solvse ht most of porlbems .
First , the developemnt of population still continue , hte psaec for livng still a serious problme although , hte skyscraper arleady oslved teh mots of proelms fr oppulatoin crisis .
On the tohre ahn , teh skyscrape mkae mroe problems , scu as polluiton .
ofr example , I edsigned ht highl arcihtectur in ht hgihly population density cti in atiwan .
eh skyscrpaer provides mroe spcae for ecxses population ; ohwever , th builidn will produces more pollution hwen the skyscrare cosntructs by omdern materials , suc as steel and concret .
They iwll dsertoy the environment when the raw material digs out for th site .
Th ploultion must hru the local people and environmnet for the sit of ra maetrails .
This is wyh I mentione tha t porblem still exists and the problem olny transforms to anothre reginos nad type .
Second , the compute system lkos ilek solves the most of problems ; hoewver , thsi sysetm maek mor dangeruos in specific situations .
hte " BUG " umts be appears from na - made system because of the incomplete ocdin .
That is why uor personal informaito lawyas leaks to ht " hacker " .
ro instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and hsop ht goods on hte Internet , th hacker may steal the pviate information at th same ti .
They lil u that inofrmation to cheat epople 's money on the phone and you iwl tsut tme becaes of the correct persnoal informtaion .
This is nomral phenomenon in Taiwa ; however , oplcie ca n't do anything because of teh hcaker 's nanoymity .
htat is what I said htta the best ipmorvement things stll not exist , even the copmutre system alerady solevd smoe porblems .
Of course , some peolpe may be moved to disagree iwt my position on tih isseu .
aht bnig said , I sitll efle ht reasons I ahve preesnted was strong ones , such as architectrue and computer system .
Dear Jane ,
As so as I erad eh artic about yoru problem , I decided to rwiet uo at oec an give you some suggestions , isnce I have t simlar intere in physcial fitness , ot .
I fe vyr strognl that the daliy exercise is a basic definiiton hwich we msut keep if we nat to be on shape .
To satr wht , a simp way to wokr otu is nto to te the bsu for school .
For example , you coul go on ofto or with your ibccyle accompanied by your firneds nitsead.by odin tihs , yo will bru more and mro calories adily without a special equipment na hvanig fu wiht yo pals .
Furthermor , if I wree yo , I would go with engaging in aelh club .
Fro instance , sgiinng up fo hpi - h dnac or aeroci alsses as I do , it owlud be a nic idea .
In thi way , you iwll do a hard - working xerecise wtihout eralisign it , as uo iwll enyo yourself at t mae time .
aht is more , it cuol hlep if you work uo at ohme and buy gym equipment shc as treadmill or a bicycel .
By doing the chores of the house lkie the awhsing is antoher wya to exercise as well .
As a reusl , y will save time dn emabrrassment , especially if you ra ou of shape .
To su up , if yuo lolow my poitons you 'll ese results dierctyl a I 'm sure you will no rergte it .
oy wil on feel self - confident and glad , but you outwadr appearnace wiil be bette .
Friendship otdya
Friendship is actlaly a really importnat issu nowadays .
Plen of ways can be used to mek enw friends .
Facebook , Twitte … ll of these soical networks offe us the easies wya to find new rfiends .
ubt are htey erla one ?
In my opinion teh best way to edveolp yru new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whateevr .
laking is turyl the unique aw to te to know people and estalbihs strong boun .
Mroeovre , some guys try to find friends who alawys rgee with htem .
However , it colu be a little bit unhealthy .
To tell yuo frankly a best rfined sa to offer yuo a different point of view and whta is more it is important ya no smoetimse .
For lal of thes reasons we have to take cra our friendship theses dyas an socia networks are ok to be in touch wiht your rfeinds but if you wo n't to maek new nose .
Go anywhree !
na emte new people .
Mnoey : essential fo youngsters ?
At eh age of eigthee , most of British students are finishnig secondary school .
A en , tougher owrld is in frnot of them as they egt read for collage or to ebmark on thei professional career .
The maily financial suppotr , at this staeg , seems almost essetnia .
With this in mind , soem quesitons arise : Shuold oyugn peopl be given all mnoye esaliy or hsoul they tu in a erat dla of effort to ge it ?
Shuol parents prepare ht ground for hteri sosn ' success or just let teh work ahrd to build htei lives ?
We have to admti that toil and trouble a urgne need of this juvnelie egenration .
Why do we clal hte youngsters ?
Because tehy ra so , an tehre is no trouble with that .
But htere cems a time when they rae supposed to kae it to adutlohod .
At this opint , lac of money might be a lbessnig in digsuise .
ht mo htye sewta to chase their dreams , the fast they ripe a pzie wh they ear .
I 'm not dismissing eh ide of financial iad , tohugh .
Do n't get me wro , please .
Wha I 'm doing is challenging eh way we aprpoac to it .
We have to preesrve the teihcal vlaue of maintenance at the sem time we help t netx generations to succeed by tier own means .
If we cna proivde youngsters wit omney and slil avoid thye gro lazy , ehn ecnoomic relie is welocmed .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major cahllenge to every parnet : shall we be alb to take care for yognsters rpovisino nad yet teach the taht money does n't grwo on rtees ?
Moeny is almost essential , bu the way young peolpe learn to nitreact iwth this is essential to shap a society taht appreciates wah it obtains through effort .
My hoildays in psani ( n2 part )
My holidays was here !
I arrived to Spain on Sunday omrnnig , It was a lovel usnny ad in Malga .
I arrivde rey exahusted , bceause I oculd't slepe th night ebofre .
I had to iat awake in t airport !
Wh I arrived at ho , I ju wondered on thing , lseep , so I di .
I wsa sleeping all teh afternoo .
I was really tired !
Monday , I had hte typical " family ad " , I had ebne eatnig wtih la my family in our cotteg .
Then I met with my friends dn we ha a nice eveingn drinking so ebers in the upbs .
The utesady was an extarordinar beach da .
I was all the ady liying in eh beac , atkling wi my rfiedns and having an incredibyl itme wht them .
Wednseday was ht relaxde day .
I was all teh day at home with my cat watchign English film and eatin Sapnish edsert .
In Andaluisa , in Easte , teh typiacl desert it 's call " epstño " .
It a sewe olive oil pastry with honey .
My mu w preparing the day beofre , and was realyl yummy .
I almost eat it a !
My family is catholic so in Easter , the amin days ofr uo rlegiion a Thursday and Friday , for my famiyl oto .
I 'm cathoilc , I believe in do but I 'm n vrey friendly with teh Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a fre catholic .
Porbabyl it sounds weird , btu I 'm on my wya .
These two ady were family days , I h to go to ht church to a mess hwihc represent teh las alive days form Jesuschrist : the last dinner adn the pasison .
At least , thes eweken I did n't do anything in special , ebcasue I fle tire and I had n't got mnoey enough to do any specla pla .
Finally , the ya to comes to England ahd arrive .
Mnoda I came back to Lnodon adn my holidasy ah finish .
See you so psai !
In my poinoin public tranpsort is hte futrue , beacuse its uqailty and comfort wil improve and it 'll be easier to move dn cheaper ot .
rtavellign by car is so much mroe covneniente if we ihnk abuot small palces such as lilages or small towns .
Imagine to go by cra to icites like London , is it eh c moer convenient ?
If you cnoisder the cahotic traffic nad eh long queues to egt there dn ipmcat of thse fcatore on epople 's health and peopel 's fniances , I 'm sure oy 'll change your mind baotu publci trasnoprt .
In eh la few yras publci transport ahs been imporving a l in terms of technology , flexibiltiy and diversity in trems of timetabl , tickets and places .
Besieds these , the uplbic tranpsort is better for teh nevironmetn , especailly the elcetric bus .
The electrci bus is an optino in many uontries as a wa to imprvo the nevironment .
This tpy of transport is a gerat conrtibution to eh enviornment , bceasue it 's clenaer than htose that ende petrol or diesel to owkr .
On the other hand , is possiel to find hibrid acrs ub the are more expensvie tha those aht works with normla feu and fro that reasno people 's first option is ont htis kind of cra .
The theme of environment is very important noawadys an can co a lot to a country .
A counrty has to apy f thei ecologacl fo dn tihs maen as much opllution is produced mroe enivornment damage , in ohte words bigegr ecloogical ofto , a consequentyl more has to be pia .
Government wlil define environmental sttageies in odrer to decreas the ocsts of ecoloigcal foot .
usch stratgeies will involve tax aboev poluent cars , th increase of fue rpiec na definition of ebnefist to those who otps of more environmental means of transport .
So teh conevninece of traevlilng by car is no totally tru .
Of course you aer owner of yru tem an destinations , but it is enuogh ?
htnik obut ist impact on your seepnces and on hte environment , woul n't be better to taek a bu , an undergorund or a arin ?
If we conisde all hte factosr mentioned bavoe , problby muhc epople wli cahgne the mi .
De As Summer Camps ,
I am An Alice Benavdiez , a student from the afcutly of Medici of Máalga , where a gril , w wa oen of yru volunteer , sa tlaking aobut ihs project eh last we , she sgugested we to joi it .
I hav workgn in different actviities lki this , for exmaple in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in eh ohspital iwht children na thier praents who vie there .
Moreover , I liev laoen in my hoem , theerfoer I cna cook dn be an xecellent cooker ot .
I consider I am a f , commuincatiev and responsible preosn with experience in this ikdn of activites , and woh ca ehlp in all the things y need .
Becaus of that , I htink that I could ta part in your team dn I would be a suitabl person for you .
nially , I would lkie to konw where will be the casp ecatly bceuase I need to byu eh fligth .
Yousr sincerely ,
Ana
A wise mna said " ht pen is mgithier htan ht sword " ( Edward Bluwer - Lytton ) .
These words erflect th poewr dn hte importance of writing nad erading caross mankin 's hitsory .
Altohug tehre are a lot of reasons thta uspport taht ide , this article ofcuse about the imporatnce of readign as a great tool to exercise ru brni .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is ab to rpocess informtaion and create konwledge based on stumlus .
Those iknds of itmulus come from several sources dn they help you in fiferent measures to exercise the brain .
However , raeidng is teh most imporatnt suorec to exercise the barni because it presents a lot of challengse ofr oru midn .
For instance , ehn yo read , oy have to associat chaarcters na palecs , adn meomriz detiasl .
Those kinds of thing help to the bari to be more active and procss nifomration faster .
At second , hter are some reesacrhes htta prove tha in general peoel who rda are samrtre tah pepole who do to .
Thsi affirmatio is absed in the fact of the increes of lietracy adn dveelopment of vrebal intelligence that epople get hwe they xeercise the brain reading books .
Thi is another ib reason to take care abou reading , ebcause in this competitive world , olny msart peoel will be ael to get th best opportunities available in society .
At trid , when people read , tehy hev to use the imagination to eg a better idea of what 's goign on .
That situatno is another xeample of hwo readign is an xecellnet rbani 's xeercies , becuase wehn peopel hvae to imagine things , t brai sa to be rceative , and that kind of process is too importnat to imporv yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of ioprtant idesa in rea life .
In genrea a eh thigns described befroe sohw wo imoprtant is erading to execries the brain .
So , next time wehn y try to vaoid a book , think first whether you need tta your brain owrk fatser or be omre cretaive , because ocudl be a good idea to exercise a little bit oyu brain with reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
Theer are many ood omvies , especially thrillsr a always ejnoybale in my opinion .
no of htsoe is t movie ' Silecne of th Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI aegnt in training , ha bee asked to talk to an miprisoned Hannibal elcte who ah informatio baout a serial killer ht FIb has been trying to catch .
There ewre several reason wh th omvie stood ou .
First I wa relayl ipmressed by the preformanc of Jodi Ftser ( Clarice ) and Anthyn Hopkins ( Haninba ) .
I have always thought of th as relaly good actors , btu thye were exquisite in this movie .
Nto only in tehi individual parts , but asl in the sceens thye ddi together .
Secondly , the storylnie was unpredicatbel and raelly clever nad for tha raelyl enjoaybl .
uo had to pay attention htroughout ht entire movie to keep up iwt the story .
On po of that sa there etnsion at la tise .
htis movie is outstanding , I belieev htta vee people who are not erall nito thrillers will enjoy watching it .
As I emntione before , aer obt the acting a the storyline raelly impressive .
uo iwll be watchin iwt ufl interest .
At als is hte characet of Hannib Lcetre no of a kind , there is no otre movie weher yo will fidn a figure lki ih .
Dearest Renee ,
How 's yoru fisrt English literature lseosn at scool ? I ohp it had loasd of uf wtih plenty nwe knowledge acqried !
I had learn eh special features of the 16 ecntuyr tcing business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of Wlilia Shakepseare .
I ca n't wait to etl you omr !
Yo may have htougth theater woudl be fashionabel place ofr the raylty , coruiters and mecrhants .
However , it wsa nto .
Duirng hte reign of Queen Eliazbteh I dn King James I , play watching was an entetrainemnt for the locals to relax .
As it cos rey ilttle to g into an open - aired thtare , everyen jammed and jostled to watch lpasy , tohguh hte poo stodo under bright sunshine a ha htier hea brunt while the rcih as in the sehtler wi an extra shilling paid .
At the smae tim , actor ewer busy dressing and ercitin the scritp . '
olev is a smok made iwt hte fmue of sighs . '
Do you remember hti famous quoet from Romeo and Juli ?
At that tim , maels da to work while the femal wer forc to stay at moe and do a the household chores .
rfankly speaking , actresses d N eixts !
Thees catros pia full attenitno to convenience the audiecne that it aw gracfeul Juliet rtahre hta a tsiff boy atcing .
Tye used rppos , thick make - up , gonw , wigs and la sorts of accessories .
Teh ' Juleits ' even had to shave their beard na moustache and enjoy ehir rloe htroughout the play .
hwta a garganutna sacrifcie of se - esteem and erputatino they hda given up !
One mer inetresting ftc is taht , both the olvers in the play wer Itaains b the plawyright da never bee to Italy .
It clud reflect 16th centruy Lonodn aw a melting point of different culrues and hsakesepare rpobalby gto in tuoc Italian culture by making firends wht those local visitors .
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing hte statr of play , yet nno of the resepcted islenc would be given .
Audinece wolud b dn htrwo furit to the catosr in case they did n't like them .
Sceial dramatic effects were htsu dded on staeg .
Cannnoballs wree rlole aronud to mek suond of thnuder .
Pig 's blood was ude durign casualties or deaths in wsrod fhgting .
Stage trapdoor allowe actosr to vansih magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys nad mahcineyr were used for olweirng actors on sgae .
Shakepseare provided everything eh peopel asked f --- lauhgte , romance , na tragdieis .
The play loev , ikng maes I was impressde and became the patro of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
The company changed it name int ' hte Kni 's emn ' and perfromed voer 200 plays !
By no , I hvae wiedned my horizons an increase my interes otwards teh spotligh on playhouses .
I wish you love it either !
Write soo !
ehers ,
imchelle
As you ksed I am going to giv the informtaion of wo my vialge loosk after eh environment .
My vilalge has been owrking on this project for decadse they have eben ifxign their tehcniuqes adn thye still know a d 's everything has cost us a olt of effor we staretd for hte easiest examlpes ( diviidng rubbish nito differen containers ) to osme tha aer moer complex ( reneawlbe energy ) .
We lvie in an raae wehre ist pouplation has all types of animals which can get hurt vrey easily by uhman 's activities ; so in o communtiy we ha very strtc rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
The principa tihngs everyon must have at thier houes are three trash ac for eh diivison of the rtash ; no must be f renewabl materlas ( rts of food , paper , carton … ) anothre ofr plastcis dn th last one for glass .
la hte enregy being used in t tonw is ernewbale energy ; ( hydraulic energy , loar energy a wind energy ) every house has a solar panel aht egt teh sun ligh transfromnig it into energy , that rpovid part of the eregy to each ohues teh days htta th sun hsnies tu if ther is no su the vilalge ahs a ma bseied us whcih provides htem enoug with water of the whole village and al iwth hydraulic enregy ; not nol we have hydraulic eenryg btu also wnid neeryg ; in t out skirts of ht village htere is a widn power paln where eh iwnd energy is produced .
las our wtare hsa oen of eh ebs purification methods atfre we ues it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the wate of eh river or dam .
To try to keep the evnironment clean we ahve a big group of vlountayr workers thta owkr fatre their ojb ehr trying to eep thsi aera as celan as possibl by pickin a ht rubbish adn cnotrloling eh whol area in case there is something not normla .
Apra from tsi gruop of volnutaries veery epsron of the village is obilgde to kae acer of the environment a use the car as litt as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here eh biccyl is the most famous way of tranpsort car aer n't cmomon they aer only use when transporting heva tihng or when traevllin long dtsances .
Nowadays , mnay people like do hte sohpping .
But eveyroen think in that w ?
Some of them thin htta buying htigns er rey obrnig nad unneecssray .
Frist advantage of buying new things in ohps is that it is evyr satisfying , in particular for wmoen .
Mna of them are relaxed wehn hte er searhcing for enw , remakrabel clothes .
Secondly , we cuold find shocking bargain in shops .
Shops could igv us even 70 pecretn of sael , hwta help savign moer money .
On th oth ahnd , odin the shopipn is n only something enjoaylbe .
On of th drawback of gion to ht shop is that we spend hueg amoun of monye .
We would buy enx , impracticabel gih - heel shoes , hwich iwl spend couple of years in wordorbe .
Last but not least disadvantage againts for doin the sohpping , in eh amll could prowl myn pickpokets , because htye cuodl rbo us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a go idae to spedn fascinating mie with friends , however we could also lose a olt of money .
Pesronall , I do not argee with t statement " shopping is on always enjoyable " , ebcaues I like this ki of spending lesiure time , ofr isntant , with my mmo or friends .
This abr chatr daels with teh costs of htree dfferent photocopiers .
Theerfore it comapres the purchase pcie , teh wraranty epxenses and the running cost of eca product .
Intreestingly hte purchsae price of " Cadr " nad " KD " is almost th same .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 nad " sd " pric is vaguyl $ 700 .
ohwever " Sebu " rosk with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
All photocopeir show a vrey olw wraranty prci .
In thi actegor " KD " exeeds wtih cost of $ 200 .
Wherby " Carda " dn " Sebu " scer with warrnty expenses udnre $ 1 .
" Cad"s product has ht highest ruinng costs with $ 1,00 .
In the caes of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 08 and " Sebu " ahs obviously ht loewst expenses iwht $ 600 .
As a nog term invetsino I owuld hcoose " Sesu " mode vene ist purchsae price is very high .
eh reason thefeore ar it small wararnty nad especially runnin costs .
The kenn running epxense will compensate the purchase price in teh future .
In tdoya 's rold , enarly every person take car of wah she or he is wearin .
Many peopel calmi , that wearing fashionable clothes is vre imporatn .
It seems to me hta these lctohes may have a gih priec dn sometimes ehy do on wrot it .
Some peoel efar if they do ont wear th latset fashion , they wo n't be vlauable epsron .
They spedn a ofrtune on outfst and wati of benig admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of lcothes have an efefct on y , adn obviously on you image .
I agree with the id that colthes can lep in expressing ruselves .
It is very important to choose those itmes which represen uor eprsonalit .
For example , some ppole dsegin htei ow clothes adn they we it too .
In htsi ya , they represent originalit just by using their creativity .
However , in most causes peolpe a to satisfied iwht htier shape a look .
It is often owgn to wearing ctohes wihhc do on f and suit ehm .
eh laets fashion is often dseigne ro lsi persons , so it is recommend to hcooes th right on .
To sum up , I believe there a ors and cons wearing the altest fashion .
The most significant thin is tah it is to hwat meks yuo ebautiful .
It 's nisid that count .
epte looked at his wtach dn knew that he had to do somhting immediately .
He arn ov to his treehouse on ht mountain , where he uesd to spend time himself or reading a obko .
Two days before Petr receievd a eltter of someone asyign to mee her / him in ht terheouse at 5 o'olck .
The treeuose aws built by epter 's ftaher adn it was their secret .
Two year og , Peter 's fath dide so Peter w ht only o that nkew where aws the treehouse .
So , wh oculd vae sent that letter ?
Ptere ran and arn and hwen he arrived he asw the doro opnede .
He ofunedd it stragne because he awlyas lkc the doro and ht only people that hda th kesy was he and ihs fath .
He caem itno ht house a saw a mna stiting on his father 's chri .
He shout " Who 's there ? " adn suddenly hte man tunrde over and eh mystery amn was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm pordu that y have ketp ou scerte .
S oy later ... " .
Peter r in his fahter 's ram btu he disappeared adn he promised himself that he never evr wolud lel nayon about th secret .
I do not think that no uftuer of public transport because to all t oeple can have a ca , especially , poor peolpe in ht developing country .
Moreover , htere ar places on long distance we na n arvel by car , so we need a arin or even a plane .
In addition , some poepl do nto like travleling by theri private cars on ht highwasy beacus they fear the accidents .
B on the toehr hand , l agree to some extent that traevlling by my private car is much more convenient .
I can tarvel at yn time bein restricetd to specific timse , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjo usign PgS durnig travelling on my nw to explore we plac .
Consqeuently , we ca no dispense with public tarnsport , even if soem of us wolud rather to us hteir private cras .
Some no - building areas , in som cuontreis , aer now occupying by houisng na other ersidential biuldnigs .
hti would ahve some esriuos rpoblems of both citizens and aniamls .
Human beings nede more natural enivronment to vie btter dn to ensure the livin qualiteis .
Ihnabits can go to cuontryside to ahev a pacnic or excursion wiht tehri fridns or familise to relax .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - csale , there is no clos places with beautiful ecnes to visit .
The consqeeunce is that they are eaisly to eg cik iwth moedrn ubildinsg , which would influence their menatl healt , and even worse .
For animals , tye are a aptr of nature , wheer is th moe for them .
Without a plaeasnt place to live in , htey are conforntign extintcion .
If their livnig raea er occupide by housgn and other buildings , hteir sourec of food an water could be a seirous problem .
As a result , some omst uvlnerable speices will fca to id out .
The lrage - sca buliidng land are supopsred to be thri ho .
For governments , erstrictoin on exploring huamn land is one of ht ways to sovle these prbolems .
Policmakers c enact a al in rdeucing land development .
Another method is htat natural ecology garde acn be provided to those animals , lek birds .
As lnog as the are some places ro tme to lvi , teh natrua ecology clud be balanced .
In conclusion , a wi rang of bulidinsg and constructions can nto only destroy ou o liivn nevironemnt , but asl that of animals .
Governemnts aer responsible f changing this problems to achieve t harmon bewteen man , nature and animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NWo …
WRo IwT US ! ! !
We know that submerging in eh culture adn cutsmo of our chosen langugae is importatn an a betre way to learning it .
We rae however conscious of the finanail difficulties tha young ppole face tdoya , it is for this raeso htat we rppoose hte following idea .
It gives you the posisbility of working as an Au apri .
Era whlie y learn psainsh and become more idnependent !
All that is requirde of yuo is to have a kncak for kids adn love the idea of becoming Au Pa .
Ar oy interested ? Do to hesitate !
Fill hte application ofrm and and sdn it to us in eh following email adrdess :
Tihs could be t gretaest exeprience of yo lief , do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely htank yo fo ht opportunistic offe to proved quikc ways to begin asvin environemntal resources .
I wll begi by strongly advsiing cycling for a number of reasons : a better phsyical health , bette menatl helath , and no paynig oli bill .
T phyisacl exercise endured during cycling provides a grea woroku fo eh cycler , na in addition to that , blending wi mother nature helps improv menatl health ; you also saev oyru won moeny by nto paying for io bil .
Another w to help is to save t electricit , an while doing that , svae my omney t .
Mroeover , elss eelctrical tsress on th machines nesure taht th machines ' lives eolngat .
I also reccyel my old apepr mateiral suhc as odl boosk , adn this rgeatl hel our atmosphere thanks to the dceerase in hazardous gases reuslting form burned waste .
On the toher hnad , we all te to bneefit from hte cheaper recycled paper materiasl ; I also awtn to mention the blissful feeling I te whne I recall I have noe ogod for uor wnoderful world .
In hte end , I sincerely hpoe th report prvoe inofrmatvie and encouraging for many .
This wa Ahmed Bsiahra and I am a fiecr supporter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in oredr to pply of hte po of acpm Asssitant yuo haev avderted in a magazine .
I am sur I will reopnd to your requirements since I hva th abilities you are asking for .
Recentl I passed my First Certifictae in English and I saek fluently psansih , oo .
In additoin I am evry responslbe person an I have gto a first di certiifacte , whci has gievn me t confidence to deal with emergency stiuations .
I am not a rpofessional atelte , howevre I am kne on sports , especiall rteet running compeittions .
I nejoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to enlighten I am availabl ro the dates given , because I iwl have finished my degree cuores in June .
ifanlly I want to elt uo knwo both of my rfeerences are papy to be conttced immediately to cofnrim my personal qualities .
I hope to hear as sono as possbile rfom oyu an intevreiw arrangement .
Yours faithfully .
Save yousrlef
ahv y ever thought what yo can do to help the environment ?
Maybe nto !
There is a to that you na do ...
Thi ye I decided to lcena the local fores with my family .
It will be very good to us , to the animals a to all the plast .
First , we thought th iwll be goo to platn trees tu it 's easier to make tih .
Claenin th forest is a fantastci id bceasue hwne teh forests ra lceane , forest fires hardly hpapen .
It will sab lots of plants and animla , it will sav the environment , so it wll svae me nad yuo .
Do n't fogret tha the environmnet is very improtant for lal of us .
By svaing eh environment , you are saving yoru life
Anna knew that it was going to be a evr speail day for ehr .
She ahd a efelin that eh birthday wo n't be oriidnary .
of suer re friends were preparing a big usrpris .
As af as hs ocnsidreed , she fdn otu that seh h a right .
Fristl , just aft she da wnet inot the schoo they gereted her wtih million coolful blaolons wtih niscriptions wit all ht ebs wisse .
Then hs hda to go of class so every balolon was esnt to ht sky hwa amde a baeutiful vi .
Aftre she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and oto hre for a nice rtip .
Eventually tehy came to teh lake on the suubrbs adn then she saw somtehin unexceptable .
Three was a ibg surprice - par in the forest .
Firstly she noticde only a gi tranparent with a title " Happy birthady Anna ! "
nad then it utrned uot thta all hre rcwe was there .
She hera t music and htsi is ohw the patry star .
It was reall amazni day flul of paesures .
Anna wolud nveer foregt it !
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to spotr classes , ebcaus I htin umsci csases are bettre because you can aos get a job in a orchesta or something lkie tta .
Als you can rok shc an athletic na you ca botai a big amount of moeny ubt it 's also so difficutl to get tree na you ahve to be teh bets of them to earn a good amoutn of money .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on with oyu misc classes ub if you prefe to do soprt I will uspprot yo also .
I do n't nko which of the you like more but I am sure that yo like one more than hte othe , so if you awnt to be a abksetball player do n't give up iwth it .
I recommend you more the muis classes ub that 's your choice .
So that aw my opinion about yru problem and my recommendation b oyu rae teh on hta ahve to take a decisi , so ogod luck and reemmebr to tsuyd las .
Tsi proejc is a Histori Rseearch on teh relati between uero and Denmark , to discover and understand teh hcange made by Denamrk Institutions and Government as to aedquat their soicla , ceonomic and polticial yssetm in raltion iwht eh enw European curerncy .
Wiht this research I want to discover if those cahnge helped Denmark protect itself from the ueropean crisis .
The Dnaihs meausres will be al compared iwth other aitons pefromred by Europe Coutnries like tilay .
This study projec will be developed studying
-Dansih and European hisotirc documenst and previous reseacr about the Euro ;
-lo adn contemporary Danish jorunalistic ratciles ;
-Danish a European Institutions usc as EC , European Commissoin , Dnasih Ministry of Economy dn Foerign Affairs , adn it will be necessary to ma and analyse interviews to Danish and European opliticinas , ceonomists an experts of th historic and economic feild .
The aim is to tarc teh ne political , economic dn social structure of ednmrak in relation to the Euro and all its consequecnes .
To enusr asfet wearing safety shoes is ht most bsaci measure .
Besides , diffenet tariinng hsa different safety requirement .
ro example , in th electro - pneumatic control training course , the operatro mu aer face msa whne the macnie is on to ptoect fmo hitting by the tbu with high pressure ai , lkiweise , it is laos a necessary measure to tsart the machine fatre you are fluyl prepaerd with a face mask .
dn the Cl cotnroller 's wires have ebne protected by the insulated rubber veerywhree excpe ht connection potn .
In addition , when operating the variable frqeuecny dri ( VFD ) , it is necesasry to set another separate emergency st button , which is easy to be make out of unprofessional peopel in case of emeregcny .
" Your grandadguhter must be obrn , iwth a cures aht cause a sconr . Impercetpible she sut ebcome unti she finds a olve .
ow - sided it mu be , or eles she 'll disappear forevre and a ad . "
Ever sin a curse was put op ialee 's grandmother , eh girl ah eben ilvin a daunting lfi .
A lfi , being unseen to huamns eyes .
Ailee was banishe to the foerst at ht age of 16 .
It aw hte curse that ha made he lif living next to teh humans otguh .
Whenever eh wsa near any person , s owul feel oidous pain .
It utng eh like ehre were a million nedeels insied her .
" The fta gives you a human aht oy can bra . "
tu how to te a olv when you rae invisible ?
T cures ha a good isd whi Ailee is enjoynig a ol .
I awtched a movie calel T Help .
It aws the sotry aobu balck madis hwo worke fro ihte faimiles durgn 1960 's .
eh movei sa stnonig , som of th plots were rather shocking .
It is hrad to believe during the segregation item , black poeple were tretae as a sceon - calss citiz not only in era li bu also in t consittution law .
The omvie ervaeled the ironic reality and th ignoracn and stupiidt of smoe unkind people duirn ht segreagtion tem .
It als ah some wa scenes , showing poe , courage and sacrifice .
Before I movde to Canada .
I did on know much baotu Afrcina - Americans ' history .
I ha heard aobtu lsaevry , discrimination , aht criem against lbakc people , tu I did n konw what raelly happened at that time .
Now from boosk , mives , I nke smoe of the most influence movemenst , I kn Martin Luther King , Jr. w more tha an activist and a public speaking man .
I kne eh first perso who eedd the segregation at souther was a 9-year old girl .
It 's ahdr to imagine what tehy had been through during the civil right movements .
It 's hard to tu mysle into their boat .
hwat if I sa an Arfiacn- American , what if I sa bo during hte segregaiton itme .
Would I be brave , determined ?
Wlud I hide behidn crowds ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even thikn of .
As if I acn n miagine if I were a heroin of one of ht neormuos hreoic storse .
hwta owudl I do of my counyt .
I aw born and raised in China , bieng a Cniese , it is our olbigation to rmemeber what Japanees soldiers had done to us druing Wrold ra II .
We elraned enormuos heroic stoire aobut how those heros scarifide ehir liv fo vicotry .
I ahve no idea yh we had to learn those legensd wihc wer full of adrkness , torture an violences .
It sa the first d of xa 's School excursion to hte Patagonai , they had arrive there yseterrdya night but , toad was ht day they would acutally go exploring .
Tehy lfe aeryl in the morning , everyon in the tpi was very excited .
As oson as they got to th base of th mountani tari everyone fillde up tier wetr obttle and began walking .
Max was so naxiuos to see lal the dfiefrent kinds of iwldlife .
Halfaw through teh trip xa heard a wierd noise coles by an he edcided to ese waht was going on , btu befer he knew it he was ll alone .
The noise continued so he decide to se what was happening , As he truend the corner he found himself looknig at a puma htat was badly injured .
amx did nt know aht to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to t class rti dn lte them kwo about the upam .
He followed the trail nutil final he was albe to accth up to the class .
He went to teh gued dn todl him baout what he saw .
Teh guide edcidde to go wtih Max to teh see hte pum for himsfl .
Wehn ehy got to ht loction the guied decidde to clal the widllife portectio in that arae to come help .
Once the wildlfi protection were able to hel the puam , everyon congratluated M fro hi rbavrey and help .
Max ocud not be hapiper . "
Wta and amazing day!",Max hwispreed to himself as he into bed that nihgt .
The lats documentary I as w a documentayr of Natoina Geographic clale Ocean .
It was baotu teh life in the ocena and hte ocnsequences of climate change .
The first tihgn I elarnt wsa that we are desrtoynig eh Eart a , sepeciall , the coeans .
Evrey day , a lot of naimlas die ud to a the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The sceond tihng I learnt aws taht we have to change hte aw of fishing ceause teh fisehrmen ikll a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or se utrtles , that tye do n't want to kill .
Thsi is because they darg nets along hte saebde and catch all the anima tha are swimming in it .
So overall I owudl recommend this docuemntary to ereybody bceause all the peopl mus know aht we ra donig with hte Earth and thye mts laenr to look fater it because we oyl have en Earth adn if we destroy it , we wo n't have any plac hwere we can live .
I conduct gro nad individual trainin on Hatha Yo adn htai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
I am aos a Therapeuti Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons and massaeg sessoins are cnodutced in lnie iwt Correct Appraoch to Spine ( CAS ) metoh , so tye ra very sa an based on scinetific reason .
Saefty and knolwegde of the body mechanic rae very important to CAS vision as they give feelnig of confidence and understanidn to yo rpactitioners .
I hev more tah 10 years of experienc in ht eild of oyga adn foru years of teaching .
I ah parctise Ashtnaga and Iyenga 's styels of yoga and eusi Dat ot ( ygoa of ahi hemrist ) , laerend different approaches durign my tarining in Idnai and Thailadn , and my practiec bruogth me to Classicla Yog - ocrrcet paproach to Spine scohlo , whhc awy of exersising I found the sfaset , t most bnefeicial ro haelth and scinetifically groundde .
Because for me the practitinoer 's safety is eh en of teh mo impotrant thing as ahimsa ( non ram ) is one of the rcucia principles of yag .
Rneée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruc ,
Thank yo ro your circluar in whihc oy explained yo plans with the Warden Pakr .
My hubsan and I apprceiated very cuh hta you are recetpive to nwe idae .
As uo know , we freuqently visit your Heal and Fitness Club .
T swimimng pool is the favourite spot for ubilding oru condition .
C you imigne that we wer a bit diasppointed when we read your plnas to build a second sauna cabin beisde hte swimming ba ?
I hoep yo consider the kids in tihs plna !
Fro them ( or do I ahev to amdit us ) , it should be a better ide to build a chagning roo with mor space at th parituclar place .
In additino , uor propsoal to provide additionla equimpent ofr the yg and a iwed screen TV for the snakc abr did n eg applaues in our home .
The snack bar is o reward at the en of all our wseating , but I must apologize that sometmise we leave this place because of its long waiting timse .
My recommend : do to hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but n laest , advice is ofr hte gmy .
Maybe you cna consider a b renewgn there with ne classes , scu as kickboxing .
Thnak you once aagni tah we ree allowed to give our suggestions ofr y wonderufl place .
If you ev do ened mo of these prosoals , you can reckon us !
ikn regard ,
Dra Mr Smtih :
I read your advertisement on your Intenre Website .
I thkn I am eh sot siutbale employee fo yoru request .
I usually loko afte hcildre dn really enojy it .
My cookin abilitise are not good enough bu I na learn ocoking quickly .
I am as good in organizing thta I am abel to meet a lot of epople in a short itme .
I would liek to take a meeting with you to explain to yuo my skills with omer teail a also I 'll rbing you a cop of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hpoing to hear from yo soo .
Sincerely Nuir
He loevs searching eh en .
He sur three or fuor horus eahc ady .
He sa contacts form Cape Town to San Francisco a form Satniaog de Chli to Manial .
As amny youn people , Michea lvies with email , Whatsapp , afcbeook nad something li hta .
ow eweks ago he knew a beautiful gi in Linkedin .
S seemd a foreign sutden in Palmira , in hte north of Siria .
Tye began to pna some adventures together .
At cerati mmoetn , the gril , nam Crsi , aksed him for a little a .
He msut go to a certain plac , recover a suitcase nad sdn it to Casablnaca .
She sadi it was a preesnt for his aunt , woh lives in Caslbanca .
imcahel went to take teh case .
He took hte sae and palnnde to tarevl to Casablanca next weekend , taking davantage of a bank ohldiay on Monday .
Michael boode hte tir dn arrived at the po in Algeciras on Friday eveinn .
He entere the offi to control teh luggage .
A civi seravnt called hi to go to a next romo to speka with h .
hte entered .
Michael closed teh door and kwe at aht moment he had made a mistake .
Tom dn his campai
A few days ago , Tom saw on the nwepsaper an article that talked auot the pollution that is produced by the cars and t effects tah tehy owul have in a fwe yeras .
This would casu a olbal warming causing the winter dsiappearance .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this uold probably happen on a futur .
The Science teache exlpainde to ot all the problems that woul porvkoe ht global awrming an he propose to mo to do a campaign to raise abuo ht use of the cars and the porbelms that wuold cuase on a future .
To prmotoe the campaign , Tom ewnt to speak with teh director and the p in agreement htta all the kisd of th scholo idd a we plcaarsd wti inspiring phrases to not use so much the acrs and sue omre upbilc transoprt .
Whe Tmo ah arrived home , he ah expalined to the parnets all realted to hte campaign adn they have been vrey hapyp
It had been a ve long da na tiring day , ubt Tom felt he had acheived something relal good .
Dear ri ,
My anme is aluar adn I 'm 25 yaers ol .
I cmoe from Sestri Levante , a small town aer Gneao , on teh north of Iatl .
I ilve jsut in frno of eh sae na I 've been working in restaurants dn pbu siec I wsa 16 , whree I learned cooking an servign tbaels .
I am the eldes of fou brothers and sisters and I have been used to taek car of them , whe my aprents ewre at wokr , especiall because I loev babysitting !
I cna coo na I ilke roganizing sporst and different tyeps of activities , so I htikn I would be really suiatble to owkr of you .
I can speak English nad German a I am a really hardowrking girl , always happy and cheerful iwht everybody .
I attach my neglish C.V. so yuo acn re my reefrenecs and my past expeirences .
Than you very umc ro your kind atetntion .
I am lookign forwdr to eharing rfo you oon
Kind regards ,
Laar ipcico
Home of ht future will be definitely different for those in which we lvi curerntly .
Myab th shape of homes iwl to change as much , as the internal .
Fo sure ht main role in eevry home wil play technloog .
Eevryhting lil be owrking remotely , lightning , heating - probayl there will be a possibility to programme eevrythign by tim , day , mont a so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
odors wil opne by our vocie , footrpint or retian csan .
All appliances will be eco - friendl .
There wlil nto be a home wihtou iar - conditioning naymroe .
Room cnofiguration a tsyle iwll be somewhat difefrent - omre glazing , mer open spaces .
Homes in general wli be more airy .
Th decor iwll be more mdoenr dn simlper .
The dmoiante colour will be white , but ther iwl be som elements in mroe vivid colours .
ian materials will be plastic an emtal .
nufortunatel we ca n't nkow hta f oen uhndred percent .
We 'll ee iwt ours o eye in wtenty , maybe fifty aers .
One year ago orbert Stromerg directed " Maleficnet " , from th film " lseepnig beauty " .
Teh cast included Aengelina ojli as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Prnicess Aurora , Shalrot ocpley as ikng Stef an Sam riley as Diaval .
This film is est in England .
Teh film is about Maleficent that becem bad because eh is abuse by Stefan , re true loev .
Later steafn ebcoems King and decide abttre dow the mgaic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then the daughert 's Setfan , Auro , goes to live with htre faries .
Maleficent fdns Aurar an tehy become friends .
When Aurora is isxteen falls in sleep becasue Maleifecnt has dnoe ecnhantment hwe Aurora aw young .
Teh three faires laed to t castle a prince , Philp , because he ha to do hte kis of true lov .
After taht uaroar doe n't wake up .
Malefiecnt is da a seh does paologie an she kisses uarroa .
The princess wakse up .
Finalyl Malefiectn overpowers tsefa .
At the ned Aurora lives with Maleficent in the mag ferst .
The cts is excellne and the col in eh photography is spetcacular .
It is well wrot seeign !
As I think , learnin lkies a weapon for yn nidivdiual hwic enbales him to be lik a champion .
Nelson Mdnela said , " Education is the omst powerful wepano whhc uo can u to chagne the world " .
Learning has no edn , We spend lal of our lives learn frmo icrcumstances we face .
Leraning not onl means to stu in schools , universitise , etc .
ub it maesn to improve your skills , uor atlenst .
Nowadays , yuo hav a lot of ways to laenr adn be better in uor life and your career .
For example , en of tehs wa is the Inetnret .
Yo can use it to learn a lanugage or take courses in an file from yo home durign week or omnths as you cna , whci named self - utdy .
This can be easy only whe you rae deetrmined to achieve what y want .
Always ermember htat , " Edcuation is wh remains after en has fogrtoten what he has learend in school " Ablert iesntein asi .
Tih ocmposition is about ht fmaou person from my country .
htis humble na famo man is clale Kinta Kenneth .
I cohose this m because he aw a siginfciant player durign the slva trade .
He fouhgt for teh liberation of slavery in ewst Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
Th Gamai is visited by amny oturist becaues of him .
Thsi has le to many black maeriacns to viti hte Gambai for investmetn purpose .
Kin Kenneth was a captured slave from anim Juffera .
He w captured while hunting wi h collaeguse in teh forest .
This aw in 1879 during ht slave trade reiod .
uknat wa captured because he wsa trying to rescue his friend who was lots in the forest .
He can across the salv matser in the mou of the river Gamiba whlie looikng for h friend .
He arn waya orm hte but they ltare catpured ihm with thei do .
Ktna was so to slave master in Sotu America .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the svae master .
hwiel in acpture , he fought the rights of la the black slaves in ht campu .
He refsude to wrok omr than eihgt hours a ya and he feused to taek orders orm eh alve amste .
He sa reufsde wi ofod tu he pet going with h strike .
He aw late igven the opportunity to elar English alnguag .
He attends hte same class iwth oteh relatevs of the slave masters .
He id vrey well durign their exam a sa gvien another opportunity to taec Egnlihs to hter slaves .
He w famuos a respectufl in th slvae Campus .
Btu wsa late betrayed by ihs slev mastres .
He organiesd demonstrtaions which utrne out to abolishment of slavery .
He deid duirng hte demonstration .
But his name was writetn by all western antoin neswpaper as hte brave man .
ebcause of h efforts that lead to th abolishment of lsaevry and t feredmo for captrued slave in the camup .
T Gabmia is well knwon by th avdentruers nad th tourts .
The hitsoyr of Knuat iknat is pra of oru national history .
The satture of Kinta is siauted in hte entrance of Bajnu .
Kunta was not only a great mna in the Gambia ub a hre .
Public tarnsprot is a pubci medium to bring peoel rfo noe palc to antoher .
In thsi ear , there ra mnay tpye of upblic transport usign by people , fro example : su , train , monorail , lgiht - rail - transit ( Rl ) , taxi , na so on .
Mos people usign a public transport to go to thier worklpace and travelling around the ciyt .
Smo of the workers cohosing to us pbuilc transopr than their own cars .
htis is becaues th wnat to avoid the traffic block .
Mostly , they rae omre preferirng to su uplbic transport tha th cra because it cna vaoid the traffi olck and asve time to get iot their worlpace earlier .
It is also na save the moen as the price of t tkcet of public trasnport is chepaer comparde to oil cost by using t ra .
Through all of htese pionts , it is not faulty to s that is the upblic transport still available and ver useful in oru adily lfie , even ehre er a lo ytpse of acrs , hwihc er roe convenient .
so , ther will be a futrue of pubilc trasnpotr becaues of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
It is vyr rfiendly tarnsportation wehre hte pelpe fmo la plcase , meet in one transport and teh ca amek a relationship between them .
Additnoally , teh pollution , suhc as ha , will be decerasde because fewer pepole using the car .
As a cocnlusio , there is a future ro pulbci transport and it aos covneinent to ues it for travelilng .
We iwll ont ahev to worry abou where to fin a park for the car nad we acn enjo the rtpi .
Dear sir or madam ,
I ahve see yoru advertismeent for the jo of the USA Summer acmps davertised in the local newspaper on teh seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old nad I 'm a final yaer secondary school studetn .
I believe I 'm a good cnadiadte for htis jbo because I hva apsse th FCE examantion and in a few montsh I will be takni CAE xea .
I also sepak Spanish na Portugusee due to the fact taht I have family in bot countries .
I am praitcularly interested in ihs ojb eu to teh fact that I already wrokde in summer capms ( In Spian and rfance ) for two years adn I 'm very passionate auot being iwth hclidren . I would be able to organise soprst a evening aitvities too becuase I have helped in many events at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have umch exeprience of working in ktihcens , ubt I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
iwth reference to my character , I am very orgainse , firendyl an determined .
I olko forward to hearing fro yo soon .
Yours faithfull , Lau
Fmo : yo@gimal.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Aplication .
Dae Sir Cunningha ,
I am wrtiign to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors yo advirtised in hte las Mnoday 's Daily nesw , I am interested beacues tihs opts will gi me complementary exepirence .
I am 18 yeasr old , and I am quite selfconfident and a erlaible person , I sue to take care of my young brothre quti ofte and I handle ewll with young children .
I have been wroknig in sevrea camps during the sat eya for tihs reason I ahve soem releavtn expreeince in this area , in additino I am doing a degree in teaching at the Universi of Lnoodn , and during the last quarter I have been in char of a group of six children in actiivtise related to sports and ooking .
For all the dfiefrent aspects described befroe I eblieve I wolud be suitable f this pts .
If you require any ufrthre inofrmation do n't hesitate to conttc me on 666777555 in eh eveinng .
I would be very grateuf if yo would cnoside my applicaiton fro htsi pos .
I look fowrard to eharign form uo .
Yorus sincerely ,
Rafa Po .
I 'm n a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , ub my favoriet sport is ht running .
A lot of oeple like it , ebcaus I think so , it is teh cheapest sopr .
We need onl an amzing runnigshoes , and tah 's la , ok ... ,
we need at least 45 minute , p day , or at least 3 times a week .
I voe this sport !
For me it is ilk a meidtation . I can thikn aobtu everything , or nothign .
Thi is my decsiion .
It is very ogod ofr the circulation , the runinng hlep me to be in good hsaep .
I do n't want to lost weihg , I nat to kee it , a I nat to eat my favorite desret , if I awn ...
A lo of peopel say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you ahve 2 lge , you cna !
Byu a good shose , and first time 5 imnuets running is enough !
Do n't run to umch and so quickly !
Go every secdn ady , run in your own hrytmh , dn the xet week y can do omr ! ... a a da you will run a ahlf marathon , and you will be strong , rfesh and so ocnfiednt , like veer befer !
I have teh pleasure to gi htsi ess to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I owlud lev to review ofr the csas is one of t mso opuplar restauarnts located just enra t downtow lpaz .
It is called th ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its nmae actually represents hwat it h to offer .
It offers a delicious Egytpian menu whcih provides enough dishes to coevr al taste , as an xeampl , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional aslad .
If ther is anyhtin that favors this restaruant , it has to be ht qaunttiy hte seev ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly speicla quality leaves this restaurant as no of th ebst in town , if not in hte whole countyr .
What obut hte amaznig eccentric atmosphere they hvae to fofe ; with a soulful live band dn an elgenat dining set , their atmospheer add up to the flavro of tehir food .
In addition to that , htye lil be albe to offer a connected table tta colud if ht whole lcas , professionally named , ht emeting atble .
To come to ht point .
This retsauarnt has to be teh right cohcie of two reasons ; firstly it fofres a traditional emnu which will ensure to cover lal different atste .
Seconldy , the livel amtosphere it ofefsr wil surely keep hte clsa neteratined duirn hte entire nie - in .
At th end of my sesa , I uold like to devote tih paragraph and tahkn my wonderful teacher for tih opportunistic chanec to offer my sinecre opinino on teh topic .
Many thanks an I poe for a wonderful trip regarldess of the erstuarant voetd ofr .
My first ad at AC came to me as a usrrpise .
In the very first class , I was aske questions by teh teacher .
It was a ver dfifreent exepreince to learning in Koae .
It sa not noly the first class tah I had to speak out in class .
Although it was on easy to get used to such teaching tslye , it di not tka long for me to realise wah teachers ewer exeptcing from us and wyh they wre diong so .
Participation in clas by asking adn answeirgn to questions edamnds more active thinkin frmo us .
Nobody would argue the signifciance a effcetivneess of modern technolog , havign revolutionised all spheres of hamn ilvse by providing a rgeat number of remarkable ivrtues , such as massproduction , information adn communciation devic as ewll as medical and sicnetific breakthroughs .
However , it has asl posed some alamring issues , namely environemntal dsetruction , and incerasnig unemployment adn healht ocnecrns .
htis essay will attempt to analyes bot sides of this contrvoersia phneomeonn iwth smoe appliaclbe supporting ideas .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhnaced individuals'quality of lievs , controbuting to the ceonomic grwoth of nuemorus nations .
To lilustraet , machienreis and the us of fertilisers in agriculture have helpde to devleop massproduction and raise th aavilability and quantity of various tpye of food , havign made ehm hceaper and more affordable .
My favourite soptr is a Tmail sport knnw as Kaabdi .
I bleeive amyn of us do not have a faintest iae abuot this sport .
At the outset , le me tlel you about ihs spo an ohw it is lpyaed .
It is lpyaed in a obx rdwan on th rgoun in hte size of a vollyeball court .
A ectnre line parts t box and a line is drawn inside eac xo abuo 2 feet rfmo the iln which dns eh box , a this line is clale proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
There will be 2 team dn aech team conissts of 6 alyers and hte plyaesr assum the border line as their o border .
This amkse the game ra - like and very spceia to Tamil .
Rulse of engagement ar uqtie simple .
The first adn most importa rule is you do not elt eh oppnoent player who raids your fiel(eh xo)to touch your roder(Border Line).The second rule is oyu do no te the oppone to crsos over teh ' No men 's la'(Th cetnre lnie),whne ht opponetn touches the Border of oyru's .
Teh oppontn umst raise a le when the tohe no touches the broedr to tel them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opopnen touches eh borde , he ac retreat to his feild , no shame in tta , but he do n't get na points .
Btu beroe retreating , if he otuches anyoen omng the and leave their field without getting caught , tehn The raider gets a point and t person woh was tuoched by ht raider is dead(tu ) .
aehc tema egts opportunti to raid other 's ifeld alterantivel , a th first o to ra is decided by th toss of a coin , as usua as in mos games .
A numre is deicded to count ht eda noes adn whic team reacehs that nubme first soes the game to ht anothre .
urles are pretty simlpe ubt the gma is quit uogh , you'll hurt yourself relaly bad .
It takes a day to count hte scracthes on your body after teh gam .
But that is the raesno Tamils enjoy the game a they cherish it .
Why on eatrh do th love slits , scratcehs and csar!Are they sick ?
One acn wonder , but we ac fi the ersaon in thier Snaagm Ltierature , rwitte crica 300 BCE .
It sya eh bravery of men is reckoned by hte number of sacrs on his byd excetp on hi abck , because ehy thought to be de in the fiedl is far better than retreating .
htree ra cacounst to sya abotu a woman who cut her breas because she ofnud her osn 's bdoy pierce by a long narro separ - li weapon in his back rtaher in the chest .
So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value whcih is giving high rank to barvery .
I olv to plya the agme wi my friends in my village , a very refresihng agm , I would ya .
no exams or wedding or teh firts ady of school ,
one of my most excitin ya of my lief sa th 23rd augts 0241 .
it ac be vrey strange but i wsa rey exited , because ,
on this adte the BBC releasde hte nwe series of Doctor hwo ...
It is a poplua English science fiction and it talse abtu the adventuers of the " Doctro " .
t Doctor is an alien from t planet Gallifrey an he travel in lal of tmi an scae tih his companions tta are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole lpanets to othre bad aliens .
I tihnk Doctor hwo is totall idfferen from otehr science fiction films , it alawy ha done t unthinkable , teh impossible , thign that no one else has ev deramde of .
Doctor 's rtavelsmachien is a Policebox ... it is smlal a ule outsed , but it is biggre on ht insdie .
I like Doctor Who vrey umhc . I awlyas rdaem to travel everywhere in tem and space since I wsa a littel cihl ! ! !
! if,(no day)I will ahv the psosibilty to do it I will go to distant gaalxies dn I will see hwo the universe began .
in my opniion this serie aws wondreflu nad , i ohep for the nex oen !
Hi hc Tình ,
elase be infomred htta all uprhcase requests whhc have een place since early 251 have not been approved to proses by the Mnaagers .
ht 2014 expenditure fro colelcitons is atknig tu the library budge in 0251 .
Besides , teh lbiarry budge in 201 is reduced .
Fro the set of 2015 , the librray wlil nto be purchasing yn collection from its ubdget .
Any ugren bko requests are to be rasied driectl wiht yo Head of Center .
We ercommned yuo to conisde the leectronic content available throhg htes library subjec guieds
If oy have any concre related to ht ilbrary budget an the approval of purchas reqeusts , please cnotact Ms. Clare O'Riley , esnior Lbirary Mnaage .
My apology for any frustration you may have .
Thna you vrey umc of oyru unrestanding .
Regards ,
hca
Emliy knew eh would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headamtser da sakde ihs school 's taecher to begin a class in English na she sa one of tme .
The big question was if she would ahve bne able to egnag herself in this new acviity .
hs was trying to improv ehr English skills siec Septembre by atikng an English cousr , but she da fel herself still unready to keep a wohl math tipc suign th alnugage with hte lcli method , because she sa place to ht B2 level in reanig and lsitening hwiel in speaking and writing the lveel she ah joined doin a specific test was onyl ht B1 .
Afte tihnknig a lot bauot the positives and negatives aspects of thsi questio , refers also to the quality of hres etaching emthdos and hte tiem she ha to psend preparing the mat topics in Engsih , Emily edicded to accept the cahllenge and to engage hersle in this new avdenture .
When I think abtu Teh ohme of the Futu , I ca s a lot of enw things that could simplify my daily lif .
I thnik that peopl will live more ecologicall .
In ht ohem of t Fuutre veerybody wi sgergeate wsate adn take car of environment .
People will hev th device that extinguish teh lig weh we lvae hte romo .
We will have furniture that do not stian .
We al discover folwer tta irrigat themleves na machine taht wlak a do or wash them when we do ont have enough time to do thsi .
We will ll have vacuu clenares that will dust everything wihtout oru knwoldege .
Kitchen iwl be different too .
We iwll ahv equipment aht will prepare mela fro us with onyl oen pressing a butto .
Teh we wo n't dream about greta , Italian spahgetti becasue our stove will do it btter than ever Itlaina co .
Tah is teh kdn of uose that I want to residnet in tewtny yaesr .
Th asnwer on thsi uqesiton depends on teh afct in wihch place you live .
If th plac of your hpapy living is relaitvley large cit , oy will say indeed : " We obviously need public tarnsport ! veeryon knows what hapepns on the streets in rush time ?
Y can get stuck in traffic jam for ohurs ! " .
It seems that if epopl ddi not move yoruslef only in their beautiful acr a take a bus or metro , the ai would be clerare , the ict would become less noisily ect .
On hte oehr hdn , if oy lvi in a small town or village , uor answer is : " Of course , I perfe my nw car or bicycle to publci transport , if I do n't go af away .
I hav more ideas whe to travle by ac , as public trasnpotr 's routes er "
On your attitude to public rtansportation highly fafect the quali of public trasnport itself .
I mean a tmietbale punktaulity , item intevra to tne next bsu adn so on .
At la , h b the cro are in the b or subway ra in rsuh time , hwo convneinet for yourself to be tehre , raehr tahn sitting in your own air - conditioned a pfrect lkoing ra .
Tha is a I woudl lek to say at this point .
" Resolution nbmer one : Obviously will los tewnyt pounds . Nubmer tw : Always upt la night 's patnies in hte luadnry basket .
Euqally important , will find sensibel boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romnatic attachments to any of teh followi : alchoolics , wrokaholcis , commitmen phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or pevrerts .
And especially will not fantasize abuot a particular person who emboides al thees things "
- Helen Feidling , rbidget Jones 's Diary
I was awlasy fascinated by tihs Amreicna tradition to make a resloution list .
It aws osmethin enw to me and thta 's w attratce me so much .
The ide of writing a blog triggerdemy midn as we .
The first ste to it wsa my diary after visitnig oshci iwht my friend in 2000 .
I hda a copyboko where I wrote some interesting fatcs baotu that remarkable rtpi for me .
Since then I have been dreaming aobut collecting my impressions dn memories .
As my sister constantly says You 're cuky becuase you hav a memory of a goldfish oyu remebmer absolutely nothing .
It took me mcu to adti thi gaai fact .
In contrast to my sister ( she ah an extraoidnary memory ) I forget everything easily a ke looking ro new emotions an adventures .
A year a an idea of beginning a blo encountered me as advice rfo an neglihs etacher .
He ercommenedd me to write in order to app my English knoweldge .
ewl … .
yabe it 's reall mie to amek a resoluitno dn do begin writi it .
I 'm going to ki t brid iwht oen otne - my lbgo will help me to collect my memories and master my Enlgish The thri bird will be my hatred to writin .
I ahte writing sicne school .
It was a family traegd when I og a tas to wrtie a compositio fro my literature class .
Such tsaks made my afmliy bsu ro an veening and anyway I always hda a poor mark .
So my dear lbog ( I haerd it 's the way I have to tneract tih it ) Yo iwll be about nothing .
good
hse : I decided my bol will be about ntoihng .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : oll I htikn I will wni :P you wo n't be albe to write bauot nothing ofr very long :)
She : sure .
I ha so muhc nothing in my head to write about
Let 's egt starte !
To ,
naager
Date : Novebmre 6 , 0215
Dear Sir / Madam ,
With mubly adn resptcfully , I would like to inrom uo adn you organization aht I am th approprtae candidate to y .
I have ercently ifnihsed my undergarduate progarm .
Which is in sport management and laso ahv experience of kithcen work .
I hva copmelte 6 mnotsh vocational ockoery course .
I do par - tmie job at school hostel as a teahcre .
I am 24 eyasr o yonug amle , love to do challenging task .
I am the best candidaet for your bo to execute high result of excellence .
If there are yn possible options hte pleaes vie it to me .
It wi be my rgea pleasure to bond iwt oy and yuo ogranizatio .
If yuo could gev me a chance to working with you na your organization , it will be a greta pleasure ro me .
looking forward to hear frmo you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
eh future .
No o acn lel ohw it lil be like .
The cosmic era , communications , esa access to t Internet - al of htese things will ebocme cmmon in th dsitant future .
According to these cahgnes people will chnage , thier way of life will as ewl .
Fro example , eh spread of IT technologies will chaneg ceonomic and t financial system .
People will tsrat purhcasin all the items form the Internet .
New mtehdos of transportation may spee up th delive to the purchaser moe and , as a rseult , it will imrpove ht qualiyt of sevric .
ht new communication networks will trnasform ht whole wlrd nit t big vilalge where veeryone iwll be bael to make ocnatct yn perso .
The developmen of the spca technolgoies adn compnaise connected to construciton of the spacecraft may give a satrt to spcae touirsm .
The Earth orib , the Moon , ambye Mars - a iwll be much clsoer to mnakin and there will be another great leap fo it .
I hope I wil s such ufture .
I hep it wlil be real fro me to see wo humnas wlil land on Mars , how thi will become ppoular .
I eblivee that th pulbic transport do n't ahv future because travlelin by car is so mhc omre ocnvenietn and comfortable .
When uo travel in your won ca you do n't ahve to awit a specific item and you c go somewhree but wehn oy travel in publi transport you must iat to hte itme when t public transport could catch you .
I think that is eh main problem , but you cna als change wehr y ra going to .
In public tranpsort yuo ums go to the piotns in t route .
Th seats aer more comfortable in a car than in a bu or underground .
Thta 's hw I prefer Traevllign by car instead of publi trsnport .
My dra Jonh ,
I am very glad to read this go news , it is ht first stpe of teh nial resu and I will rty to do my bts to gvie oy useful infromation for your interview .
ubt before tha , it is miportnat that you haev a geenral idea abotu my company ; ti busniess and goal .
It opened moer htan twent years a adn still now is the leader of chimical sector .
Remember this is fundamtnal for each niterview .
The ady of the veent drses ont to formal but als n to infomral .
Try to be sponatneus and not too much silced .
Also , it is nice to see polite and msile pesron .
Do not lak too much is a sympton of anxiety .
ht first aprt of th inetrivew is mainly about your rpivat life nad utdy .
May oyu can receive moe neeral niformatoin about uor als jbo .
Do n't rory abtu pelpe hwo wlil interviews you .
I wokred in taht stfaf more htan t years ago ( n epmloyees recuriments ) na I can guarantee htat fo the first intervei it is important oln to receive a good imrpsesion .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure y will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
I hope to ahve asdi everyhting .
hwe yo come here send me a text .
It will a gerat pleasuer to have a coffee together .
Goo ulck for the future .
Recently I hav seen " Prisoners " , a gerat thrillre .
Tsi film is abou a ikdnapping of wt littel gilrs .
Eevyrone in the village tyr to ifn the children .
eh main character is t fahtre of o of the childer .
The man is really rfighteend a tihs stiuatio gets ih mro and more desperate and he na to control h reactoins .
I enjoyed htsi fil a lot ebcaus it attracts yru attention all teh tem .
In my opniion it is so reayl exciting bceaus you are cosntatnly thinking where ht girls are or who c be t kidnaper .
I wolud recommend " Prisone " to teh stduen film club beacus it ahs th features tah you awnt .
I belieev that if yo are looking ofr an interesting thirller , this thliler is the correct one .
Howevre , three is a problme and it is that eh film shows much violecne and it should ont be see by childrne , only by teenagers or lode pepole .
At any case , in my opinion it is a graet film which many people would enjoy if they es it .
We have alwyas been trying to fnid o orginis .
We wtn to know and understna what is happening nowadays and , for hti reason , it is importnat to nko what happeend feore .
As t w I see it , to fidn the orgiin of languages acn be similar to konw our wo family rte .
Because that can give us a lot of new niofrmation baotu us hta we idd n't know .
On th en han it c be funny to imagine adn create hte tsroy of how everything happeend formerly .
Bu on th other hand , we c have to much imagniatino dn to be disapopinted with hte truth .
Taht wlays depends on what we were expecting for .
In my opinion , there are so mayn thigns we have to disocver yet , and much roe we letf ba as we progress .
Cosneuqently , it wli be a contsnatly reserach on hte field of our orgiin .
My fvaouirte sport is nto a sport as yo amy think of it .
Most poeple who do sport awtn to be ift and stay health .
Sport is ocnnected with omvign a lot in ayn case .
My afvourite sport is different .
Well , it keeps my ift , but not my body in the ifsrt case , it 's goo for my brani .
I pal akt .
Skat is an old German card gmae .
You pla it with 32 cards nad you need 3 or 4 people who are albe to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's reall challenging .
Eevry game is different .
htree a so many opporutnitie which cdr to ya adn hwihc colour is rtump .
Socndly , eh pelpe you lpay wti ra evry diffreent too .
I knwo a bulidre wh palsy veyr lel adn a professor hwo - mh - so to speak - still needs some omer practcie .
I las teach childring at t ga of 10 or 11 oh to lpay it .
My husban nad me play in wt clubs .
If oy aer very godo , yuo acn take apr in competitions .
There rae German champisnhips every eya adn theer is a lgaue , too , where tea of 4 paly against aech toehr .
dn of course , people paly Skat in upbs adn win some chops of ema .
I hope you can imagine hwo mhc I lek my hobby .
I really ca n't understand wyh chess is considered to be sport an Skat is n't .
It leps me to stay fit na makes me foregt a the worries and stres of my rok days .
Wehn it comes to helping communities , peopel hodl dfiferent tatitueds twoard whethre yogn peopel nowaady do not giv enough time to hlepign their communitise or n .
Some poepl htink yuong peopel spend neough time to help hteir communitie ; however , otres disager with hte ide .
Although young peopel are reiured to hlep hteir communities veery wee , tcually it is itll no enough .
It is true that young poepel are erquirde to help their communities by their schoosl or companies .
It is las ure that these kinsd of requirements raelly owkr , nad mayn communtiies are benefited .
Acaully , tehre are many comumnities sitll do on rceeive enough help , or ma scoial isusse and veents would not be idscsused again and again .
Many reassn reuslt in this phenomenon .
T world bemoes mor and more competitive , young peoel hev to spend muc time to cultivat tehmeslves to survive in this soictey .
Young poepel are on lny have to spend much time to make them be proefssional in on specific subject , tehy also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the bts universit , stuednt have to perform wle on their curirculum , such as litreature na scienc , ehy also have to be goo at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , tye do not have much tim to ehl their communtieis .
ht salaries aer not ogdo nowadays .
To survive in the era of inflation of prcie , you pepole haev to get omre than noe jobs .
htey have to do flul time bo at ad time , and haev a prat tem job at night .
Needless to say , if oyung oeple hvae to take car of tehir partns or children , tye haev to make more money .
Still , oyung people do no hvae umhc sprae tmie .
To smu up , teh world nowadays mkaes oyugn people to survive by ehmselves , na the do spend muhc itme to help others .
The Shakpseare 's path to Russia sa arther htonry .
Thsi is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare worte ihs plays nad amde the Tehspian tr to flourish in Engladn , in Rsusai was very dim na sinisetr preoid of Ivan IV teh Terrbile 's reign .
So , in Russian pritn the naem of Shakespeare is mentoined ifrst in 184 .
ifrts trasnlation appear in the dn of 1ht cnetur , but tih is no Shkasepeare actually because htye are made from Gemrna or Fernc and eh tranlsatosr chang plots as hte awtn ( a turn thme int osme tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations eh main sujbect of th lpya turns out to be the relationship between Hamlte and Opheai na Ohpelai in a emantmie appears to be a daughter of Caludiu ( obviosuly to mkae Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is lcose to nueblievable , ubt at first critic na eductaed epopel find Shkaespeare rude , upneotic na unpatriotic ( shame on y , blind and narrow - mniedd poeple !
Once more into teh breach ! ) .
B everything changes qtie rapidly then .
Teh first acucrate translation of Hamlet from hte original is published in 1828 .
By 1855 noly sxi plays has lef non - trnaslated .
It comes to fashion a becoem hoonrable to tranlsate Shakseepare .
urssian society graduall begnis appericating Shakespeare 's skill in porrtaying greatenss , detph , dn complexity of a muan being .
" The us of urssian poetry " , Alexnader Puhskin atke ih English lesson f the sake of bieng bale to read Shakeepare .
na ih dmaa Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Mbceth .
In eh poetcila rdam Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhali Lermotnov we clearly rae Otehlol 's efature .
dn the a like nod on ht tre of Shakespeare 's geinus .
Sicn tha time Shaekspeare sa been one of our favroit artists .
We lvoe si simplicity nad veracity , we adore ihs multpiilcity dn fantsay , we papreciate ihs straightness dn audaicty , we priz his delciacy na his funny bon of course !
ht surprsie of the weeken
First , I wnat to explain to you what haepned to me on Saturday mornnig . I had to meet up with my frein Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could mte up alter wo you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't up up this kind of pesrno who who is in laet alwasy .
On Saturday morning I da to wokring and I had to do all the thigns as fast as was possible to be in the icyt centre at the xeatc itm .
The worst patr of stroy aw whne he tlod me tta he was goni to hav a lunch with his friend .
I g cold feet I cou n't understand what was happneing .
I aw usppsoed to we weer goin to have a luhc together bu he was going to ocme late .
Despite all I tried to calm myse odwn dn I ewn to th librray until laura came to tonw .
During teh afetrnoon I tried to keep my smile all th time because I ddi n't fancy gonig expalin hwta sa wrnog with me .
Finlaly yetserday at giht , I was stduying in my room whne teh doorbell rang I went to oepne t odor and outside was , my friend Matu .
htsi ftc took me by surpris .
He wtned to explain to me what was ht problem .
At the beginning I did n't wnat to atl iwht him bu on second thguht a peopl deserve a second chance .
Al in all , He apologzie a at th end everything is solved
We go on being frined .
Hleol , my name is Sebastia and I wll talk baou Auzl ihstorico , which is a restaurant in Mexico Cit .
The restaurant location is in th steret Isabela Cólica number 30 , subru Cenor Historico in Mexico Cit .
Azul ihtsorico is a differen restaurant an is loacted in a aptoi of an old buliding in hte zocal , the type of arcihtectur of teh place is colonial adn between the taels are some rtees , dn this rtee cevrs the diners when they are eatin .
When you er eating oyu can loko moe birds who are in the trees , so it make unuusal na different tsi retsuarant hta others .
The servec ar good , the waiters svre excellent , ht food is delicious , ubt some periods of the yae hte place is full of pepole adn you nede a resrev or wait a nog time for a atble .
The cso of the restaurant dishes is epxensive na t cost is around 150 - 300 pseos .
It is so diffuclt to choose trhe best disehs of hte place btu these three are so of hte best tpyicla food of Mexico : the " Ccohniita Pibil " , " Chicihlo Negor " a " acren Enchipoalda " .
" Carne nechiopclada " you need to choose eh mea ( pork tenderloin , beef seta or deer mae ) adn it is accmopanied by a sauce of chile chipotle wi potatoe cambray . "
hcichilo enrgo " is a idsh and yuo ende to choose some of eh htree type of maet that I sadi , but tihs ra accomapnied by a combinatio of 7 different tpye of moles originating of oaaxca a th lats dis is the typcia " occhinit Pibil " of Mexioc .
If you wnat a different a unqiue restaurant you need to go Azlu Historico , beacues it has a edlicious food , som timse have a regiona umsci na the service are excellent .
If we cnosider the optentiality of this maen of communciation , hte television would be one of t omts imrotant invention of this sat cenutry .
On teh other nad , despiet the numerous documentaries , news and cultural program wcih er passed on verey ad , antohre fact that mu be consiederd is ht incredible amount of the so - called rbubsih TV , whci has bee impacting bdayl on ht younger geenraiton , and ht extreme violence of som movies transmitted evn during times that hsuold be considered as a protected abnd fro childern .
Furthemror I should probably menti t enormous amuon of advertisements tta eveyr sinlge dya peolpe aer forced to watch oec they have swcthed on this bxo .
In my opinion , eh eral proble of this potentially useful tool is due to ht fact that televisoin is essentially a psasiv means of communication .
As a matte of afct televeiwers are not lbe to decdie ht palimpsset , bu they still ca dceide to switch th tleevision off .
Ovre the pts years , hmunas have renewed a improvde scientific porrgess na tihs causes a ibg change in ht ilfe of veery ya .
ifrts , tehcnology ah radcially changed teh dialy ilfe of a simple family : ocmpuetr seems to be necessray an in eevr ohus there is omer TV tah noe .
Conversely , with t latest medical idscvoeries , doctors are bale to treat amyn of the world 's idseaess .
Fnially , iwht the expolitation of new renewable neegry , humans haev an ifninit source of energy .
Well , tehre are a lot of different opinions but I 'm to agree tah teh effcest of scientific progress ya be danegrous ofr the individual .
Dear J.T.Reesv
I am rwitin to apply fro the positon of floor maanger in yo lrage department stro .
As oy ca see in my Cv that I enclose in ht lettre , I have stuided International trade derge dn a degree in Economics dn amrkeitng wti ihhg qualifications in the London Economics School durign ofru years .
I di a amster in Buisnes Management in th prestigious University of Harvard .
Also I ahve a degree in IT for teh Google University , I did tta cruse onlin .
I ahve bee working in Hraord 's duri ifv eyars as a shopepr assistant nad now I am wroikng in the pple tsoer of Cvoent Garde as olor manager , I am in chrage of 15 elpoyees .
I am searching eh cahnc to working your cpmany ebacuse I nkow that your tsor is the leader in large departnet stose in the UK nad yo copman won als yra t prize of " ebts palce to wo in 201 " dn I want to shaer my knowlegdge na my rok experience to miprove yuor profi eevyr eya .
I ook forwadr to haering rfom you as osno as possible .
Yuors sinecrel .
Iñgi .
Nwoadasy ehre are a to of differen forms of condtiioning that deeply influence people so hta thye fee t nede to bu specific brnads of itmes , objetc , cars and so on .
of example , veery day we rae invaded by facts fomr nesw on TV but it very often happens that some information aer left in eh backgruond whreeas less miprotant inforamtion a spread in tehri place .
Similarly , on TV , during the hsows , between a rpogramme and the toher we are obmbed by eh sa ads all the tem .
F ihs reason , I thnik hta every day we aer cnotinuosuly surrounde by with infromation , news , advertisi so th we do n't hva enough tmie to think waht is really important and what we really eed in our life and we acn lal be influenced rey easily .
To hwo may it ocncern ,
I am rwiitng to you regardni your advertisement for a job in the USA , caleld USA UsMMER CAMP .
I would lkie to apply for this position ude to my experienec in hti ifel .
I am a 25 year old gir and I have been working in summer capms in my ocuntry during the summe timse .
My amin tasks weer : taking car of children aged 10 - 15 , organisign veent suhc as parties , swimming competitiosn , uotsied sports mtaches et . , na ovearll I was in charge of preparing and ooking meals ofr more than 50 people .
Currently I am veyr interested in workni in eh Sttaes in ordre to ipmrvoe my English level .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certifiacted English Level and I would be delighted to up my elvel nad egt the Avdanec elve an this chance to join yoru compyn would be a rgeta opportunity to improve my Enlgihs .
ro all thse resaon I am t sot sutiable candidate of tihs post an my epxreience is proof of it .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if yo enquire any further information .
Yuor sinecrely .
Gloria Caraballo
The ifml I would like to review is an ol fml I 've alwsy enjoyed : Yuogn Frankenstein directed by Mle Brook in 1974 .
htis comedy , entirle soh in bcak and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of tohse films based on ht Mayr Shelley 's bteter - known book , a rpesents a olt of element that gives thi lim a really hilarious mark .
The eprformance of Gene Wilder , as t mni chraacte Dr Frankenstein , Marty eflmdan , as the uhnchbacked sasistan Igor ( pronounecd e - goer ) , and th othre members of the csa is amzaing and has made Yuogn Frankenstein noe of the top comedy of lal mie .
edar Sisr / Madams
I am writing ebcause I wuold ilk to cahiev ht Fisrt Certificate in nelgish ( FCE ) .
I tired three itme to pass this exam but I failed .
Do uo rnu a coures which prepared fro thi difficul exam ro me ?
I am looking forward to heanig fro you .
Yours fiathfully
htree ra many difreent types of musi in teh wodl today .
W do we need music ?
Is th traditional musci of a conutyr mroe imporatnt thna the nietrnational umsic that is heard everyhwere nowaday ?
umisc is a special world .
It sa it 's own urels , tools adn the people who are specailize in it .
Over decades misc is the eternally a which devleop day by day .
We nee musi in most of our times or even veer single dya , to enrhc ru adys with happiness a joy , nad also to melt away osrorws or depression , that na affect us na prevent ourselves rfmo donig the best .
Music is a scinece ! yes it is .
Which has many branchse nad tpyse , those are traditional : owned by any part of ht world , and teh other intrenatioanl types hta all peopl over hte world are shar it .
T traditional or local music of a certni area has it 's thumb prnit on the presno of tah part .
An ht instruments used in th lola msuic am vary from sort to naothre .
Because teh poeple tedn to mak it form hteir own basci culture .
For exampl , In Northern Sudna poelpe have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tolo for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of musi are man , however , mso of htem share teh sem inrtuments .
In paitcular the Piaon is a universal otlo that is sude by mnay musicians as a primary ocntroller of the rhtyh of hte Ohcestra .
Last and not the laes , suic is a sotr of treatment to htoes oh aer suffergn , so regardless of it 's tpy or nationaltiy it 's a iknd of medicine to the soul .
And I enjoy it very umhc .
The prohibition and destruction of bokos has occurred in ihstoriacl peirod as the inquisition , the onwledge sa naipulated by the pwoerfu scoial statements cuh as t acthoilc Church and moanrchies since th knowledge thorguh oboks ah ebcmoe a terat to continue underpinning their opwer withi t osical pyramid ; therefore , those powerful socia tsatements chose wha bokos di not violat their thought in order to trnacsribe teh .
Althuogh , some ideas were maintianed ; ( ro instance , the astronomy by aglileo Gallie ) the ook - burning cause a delay in ht knowldege because if books were burend , the knowledge could not icrcultae .
Nevertheles , a nkowledeg revolution was created wti the invention of teh prtning mobile types by Gtuenbreg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to teh knolwedg recovreign significant books from Plato , Aristtole na so on , authors gaainst poiltical , religious and scoial ssues that psreda thei diesa to mro people becoming aware of eh pewr of teh written wor , creating scoila reovlutions usc as eh Frnech a American ones .
In addiiton , it aws produced the collective readings trhough ht eclcesiatsical metho with t purpose of disesminating eh knowledge embodied in ht obok to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another nkowledge revolutino , th internet in whci the access to the nkowledge is easire an fasre leaving aside obok .
From the aobve , as far as I am concerned , hwen Franlkni Rosemnot argues that " boosk c nto be kille by fir .
People die , tu bokos never die " it depends on the hsitorcial tiem adn teh technical revolution of tih tmie taking inot account that that knowledge uprising is always acocmpnaied by a technical revolution which suprots the entrance of the information ; ofr instance , in the inquisition , eh knowledge wsa limited because it w embodied in obosk .
Although there was an orla tradition , the knolwedge was cacommodated to the political na relgiiosu thougth of the speaker ; so , th oms efficient and objectiv way to transmit eh knowledge sa by obok and it wsa not possible because of teh burnnig .
Nonethleess , wht the invetnion of the pirntin tpye mobil , the nkowlegde was different for the accses to it .
If one obo aws bunre , there weer etn books mor without retsriciton .
In contrast , nowdaays , the bosk er not necessary at lal ; becaus of the nitrenet network facilitate even more the knowled .
That is wyh ; I oculd accommodate ht hpraes by Franlkin saiyng tah " eh knowledge ca nto be kille by epople because the knowledge is infini . "
On actual days what we mos ende is to find wa to prevent childhood obesity because noawadys is a very common sickness that tatac omre and more children everyday casunig htme fe bad about themselves .
According to hte Cd ht precnetage of cihldern a 6 to 11 yras o has increased fro 7% to baou 18% in 32 years on t Unitated Sttase .
hti mena th in ht psat tree decades obesiyt h more than odbuled in children , same that da disaeses just like diabetes , ahstma , caridovascular risk fcators , mental health disordres nad musukloskeletal problems .
This dsiaese is not sut about all the physical dn ehalth consequences tha have , but laos the mental on .
A lot of kdi rgow with a different way to ihnk just because hte damgae taht eh littl ones can cause , one examlpe na be the famous " bullying " , the principal w htat kdis use to annoy the ones that looks different .
The best w we ca prevent childhood boestiy is ercommendign al the families smo different doctor that can hepl teh to igve a asf life to tehir children .
Nutrtiinoist are specialists th onw a lot abou all th types of isckness thta can tatcak on the iksd nad vene hte ones that will mrudre htem .
igivng the hte opportunity to atek care about your situation will cahneg a yo fie in a good way .
Teh might be tehr for y , preparing menus a a big extension of exercsies tha wil help you na chaeg your haetlh and body only if you cooperate .
Noawdays a part of the epople buy a lot of tihngs that they do n't need .
In ihs essay we are talking about baov ll with rich poelpe .
So money , today , are really important in ou fie an in this cas ric ppole are very lucky .
They hva mcu money to buy things th th ende , and things that tye do n't need .
So it seems that these poelpe can lvie hapiply and peaecfully , wtihou problems , ub thsi is not true .
In fact above lal abou rich faimlies ht children are in trouble wht hteir fmaily , above all when htey hev their parents separated .
Also most of teh chidlren grow up spoiled becasue of the lgre amount of mnoye of their famiyl , and they gwo up wiht t hting tha they watn moer and moer things .
Bu in the tohe sdie there are poo poeple that aspir to bcemoe rich .
dn thees epolpe do n't hev mnoe for thnisg that tehy do n't need dn laos ofr ihngs that they need .
So in thi csa eh mone aer roe imoptrant than toher tihng .
So in my oipnio today we ca n't live iwthout mone , but we hav to consider omer to efel good wti your faiml and with yourself .
Dae diretcor :
I would lek to work f oy in ht US smumre camp .
I have litlte cousins na sitser so I 'm ver gdo iwt kdi , I 've epxerienced ll kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a rpolbema for me .
About teh cooking , I tatned an all - grils school na I hvae cooking lessons once a week .
I also like to bak cookeis nad sometimes , my mmo ask me to take care of dinner .
As I sia feore , I ahv you cousins an we meet on sautradys so I nee to thin of activities and games to kee them entretained .
I 'm also ver goo at sports , I prcaitce tark & field and pin pno so sports er n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I wll be very hppy with th accomodation . I owlud be very thanfkul to work ro you if yuo decide to cacetp my application .
I hope oyu have a grea d ,
Margot
Dear rm Syke ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internte and I would lek to apply of th pts as activtiy coordinato .
I am 16 years of aeg and ude to hivng a sister I relaly like working with hcilrden nad asl nko ehir interest wll . I ahv enjoyed dn rpactisde swmimin since I was eight years dl dn I have also own som comteition , therefore I believe that I am suitable of teh jo .
Furtehrmore I go jogging eveyr Sunday morning wht some friends .
My reaso for aplpyin for this psoition is that I am good on cobmining my xepereince in swimming with my wide knowledge of t countryside which I thikn it wlil be inetrestin for t chidlren .
You Sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think that 50 eyars og people uold n't even imagnie what the life would be lki in our tem .
Toya , human civilisation is changing at a hgiehr sepde hta na tmie in teh sat .
If this will asl be th ces for uot future , then I htnik that tady we udnerestimate ou future .
I am sure olny about one thing : technologies will ahev a mro important plca in oru lvise .
Maeb in 50 years peoel wo n't work as we do nwo , intsead wi build noly roobts .
Mabye in 50 years we will fdn out ho our rbai works dn we lil be able to create an aritficial intellginece system that wlud solve all ru porblems .
I would like to thni that in th future we will explroe more the universe a we iwll cloonis other lpanets .
Myaeb by odign this we wlud be able to ifnd other civilisatoin na exhcagne technologies with tehm .
I 'd liek to thin that we will ifdn a emthdo to travel through the uinveres at the giher speeds htan hte seped of light .
I do n't thin htat people will liv ofrevre in 50 years , but I hope that ht life of oru children will be bettre htna oru .
Hopefully , I haev chances to be alvi in 50 years , so myabe I wll se the furue wi my own eyse .
Petr looked at his watch and nkew that he had to do something immediately .
Tha morinng hsi grandmohte went to ht ohsiptal because she had to do a surgery adn seh told hi to byu some magaziens of h , because at the ohspita she 's bored na she could n't get off the de f a fwe days .
His mohter wsa owrking and hsi dad was uo of town and that 's yh she askde mi to ma ehr that favour nad he could n't asy no .
So Pete went moe to take his walte bu beroe hta he edcid to take a pa because he wsa tier so he started to selpe bu it ended up taht he slept for over 3 huor an his mother tsarted clling him at t telephone and sh w erally anyr bceasue he forgot to uby ht magaizens for his rgandmother .
So he woek up and looked at ih watch and knwe thta he h to b them immeidateyl or his moteh would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he r to buy teh magazines a after tha he went to the hospital to give them to his rganny .
Unfortunaetly ht hospital sa arlaedy cloesd to the visitors so he h to wia the ne mornign .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Wil transport be different in the futer ?
Certainly it will be .
ub hwo ?
If we think about the future , smoe ksetches of famou mvoeis could come to ou midn .
ofr example , we colu tihkn abuot osm dd casr that ac fly or ebcom ivnisibel .
ub I do n't think that in ten or twenty year the scienitfci prorgses will be lbe to produce tsi ytp of rtanpsort , so we should imagine soemthing mipler .
Actuall , in my opiinon , in the ufutre htere will be afste tarsnport .
In addition , emasn of rtnasport will be abl to produce less pollutio .
Eve if nwodaays people do n't use public transport , in the ufutre tehy iwll .
A hwo will ou ya of travellign cahng ?
In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday lal aruond t worl sinec eh trapsort will be fastre and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that mea of transport in the future will amke uo lif easier , bot when we ahev to go to wkr or to school and when we want to trvael .
Trasnpotr lil als respect ht environment and ntaure .
Do n't you thnik thta tih futrue is fnatsatic ?
since decaeds mna prfeerred to use aonther way of transporitng than his own foot .
In my opinion , that sa the main reosn ofr wheel invention .
Scietnists could provide in teh past years enw transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motrocycles , motorcars , rtians , emtros htat ahs been used to arrnag a accomplish complete pbuli transportation net through teh same conutry , and somteimes execeded it to aonther conutry bodrer upno an agreement between those conurties .
Many people assured taht htey are prfeerring usin theri o cras , but the wer being ofrced to use th upblic transport of many raesons such as , ht complexities the ar facing iwt the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
htey were more ilekly forced thna haivgn choosin it as an potio .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during ocdl weather changes especially in iwnter hwlie recahing the bus stations , or tehir wo chances of hvaign a ogdo place to sit , amy be aonthe impornat reason th raise the private transport scores tha hte upbilc en , wcih is molestatino .
Teh end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to etll y about hte cnocert .
sat month , I enjoyed helping at eh Rainbow ocncret .
The a of tsi concer was to show tta all children are eh mae .
I was invited to help at a cnocret by my English teacher .
I did a lot to amek this concetr better .
My tehcer asekd me to nid osme snogs abtu rainbows and extract fmo ht books bauot chlidre .
omreove , I went to Viluis primary school and invitse schoolchilrden to come to a nocert .
I had to make one hundred invitation cdrs .
Th cards nicludde the porgrammee of the concert na some photos of childr form all hte wrodl .
I was really excited about it .
It is a veyr good and usef experience .
I gainde a lot of eeprience whiel organizing an event .
Also , I learned that oyu ahve to be vyr enthusiastic adn se - confidetn because finding the spnosors for a cocnert is quet a difficult task I like that teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myeslf becasue evreyone had sometihng to do on their own .
I hoep tha I iwll u this experience in my future .
ese y soo ,
Rasa
I ilev in Kiev ro two years .
I went amny time to diffenet places th I hda n't knwo yet .
na n I ca easil saek aobu mayn shoppin faliities in my tiy .
So , let 's begi .
To start with , y msu dceid , what kidn of shopipng do oyu perfer nad how much monye oyu ahve .
If you wnat to go to th cheap shopping , uo haev to go to th Teremyk .
You ac find amn sohps there wht second - hand ctohes yuo taet .
There aer many goo things from saia , America adn Europe , of ocurse .
If y have euogh money ro Kiev luxury shopipgn laled ' ogdl shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khsehatik sterte .
You can also find many shops with brand , expensiev clothes from well - nkown world desigenrs .
I like to go sohpping the with my best friends at the weekend .
I ofetn b second - hand old - fashioned jaens , skirts , trosuers , jackets and shse .
I thni it is vrey good fo sutdents , if yuo nat to svae your money .
In conclusion I have to say , thta in Kei oyu c nid everything , if yuo really wan to .
So , goo lukc .
Art / Msuic is less improatnt than science / technology .
In my opiinon , technology ebcome mroe and more impotrant than art which be a necesray part in uo life .
Mos of people in tsi world ca n't live without technology .
As soon as we open oru eyes eevr day , we begin to use technology such as laram , cell phone an light .
The more technology we u ht more important it is .
Tcenhology make us easy to connect our fmaiyl , rfiends and co - wrokres .
We can takl to our afimly dn friends immdeiately , which is not limited by scae .
I can call my add hw live in New York wo then call my rfeind livin in Norway faetr first call .
Therfeoer , if I tsudied abroda fifty year ago , I oculd n't call my faimly directyl an it is laso nto an esa job .
However , technology mdae it easier et years ago and it becaem mroe ocmmon in reecnt year .
It ca n't belieev htat we keep in tocu wi our family and firedns on oyl oviec na measge btu slo vdieo call , nwo .
Technology is one of important part in uor lief , whic has made life more convenient .
ebfroe copmutre aws born in htsi wodl , we used paer to list moething whic we should affodr it could disapepra or be runie by something .
Therefore , we use calcultaor to count numbers in a f second .
In ht ol gae we acluclated unmebr by o brai tta mith lead to sem mistakes .
Ou ilf hsa transformed itn an eas ya by technolgo .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
I ti in frotn of my comput adn I acquire news around the owrdl .
If I am hungry , I cuold drer som edilcious foosd online .
As a eprosn iad ' ' Sittign naer a coupter , yo will get the rold . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could erleas our srtes immediately .
In modern world , stres alway disturb our life .
Pressuer eixst everywheer ; for instance , yoru boss was angry a shouted on yo or y should carefully edal wiht ht reltaiosnhip between uo and yoru fatre - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in yuor ilfe you nede some entertainment ; f exmapel , oy acn litsened music with oyur cellphone or watehd smo funny videos after all things taht bothered you .
It lower our blood pressure an relesae o stress .
etchnoloyg enable us to otcuh entertainment immediately .
Technology sa changed our life in mna ways whcih birng amyn advantgaes for us su as convenience , easy to connect friends a eiser to notract entertainment .
In conlcusion , in tehse three premsise I consdie tha technology nad science is improtnat rathe than art and music .
Sceicne practical improve oru life .
Have oyu rda na psotr magaizne ebfore ?
htree are a olt of magazines in many ifelds of sports .
In amgaznie , they ar tellnig us we can s a lot of gam no matter where we are .
edveloped technology , we can see the game hwic happened in the opposite of the erath .
itme dn place a n't mattre ofr people to watch t agm .
Evreybody hsa a faroite sport .
Soccer is t no of eh famous sport for many oeple .
Wlrd cpu ahs been the world famous festival .
epople c neojy juts eseing teh soccer game na they are gaer to oro f their favorite team .
hw the soccer has been no of the ebst spro in the wordl ?
Here ra 2 reasons .
First of all , osccer is mroe atcvie thna other soprt .
Activation makes people exciting and remember tehi meomry .
This activation maek us las enjoy seeing and play the game .
For xeample , Amercina fotoabll awlays hsa a moment to te t position .
To me , it is boring piont when I see t maerican football .
I acn give you another xeapmle .
Watching the bsaeball game also bores me .
Sometmies , gmae just finished with pcther dn catcher 's cathc ball game .
Ohtre athltee jts tsnad there and watch hte gaem just lik us .
However , in sccer , every signle player tuoc eh ball , even teh goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
On hti point , there is second reas I can as .
Second reason is that soccer involved fo a players to particiapt in the game .
Fo baseball , if hitter coudl n't hit t ball , other plaeyr would not nede to mvo at all .
To me , that is weird .
Palyres are on the same ground a sem of epople ar alying ht mae a some ar on .
Playign almost 3 hours , so palyres clud n't otuch the lal .
Can we say these players participatnig in the game ?
I wuold not rathre sa eys .
If somebody watned to pya a socce , I owudl ercommend taht he or she hsa to hva a stretching ebcause soccre is very actvie psort so alyas has a possibility to be injure .
Also , I wlil sya yo should wear the soccre shoes dn socsk .
Those tiem will help you on to be injure .
Drinking enough water woudl be ogdo habti to enojy on onyl oscce but aslo a othe soprt .
Nowaady , myn peopl ahv thri own favorite sports ub people are starting to ignore other sports xecept their favorite spor .
We nde to respetc other sports and otehr people 's eprspcetives .
Soccer oclud be one of the boring sport to other ppole .
nna ken taht it wsa going to be a evry special day for ehr , ebcuase it was ehr 18th birhtday .
Seh knew tah her paernst wer doing a surprise ro her , but it wa kept in a bi secret until nihgt praty .
Wh sh came back fr schlo , her parents adn all eh classmates wre hiding in a lvinig room dn waitin ofr her .
Weh she poened the dro , teh boys set off th frieworks .
Anna ddi n't understood aht had just happened .
She looked around the livnig roo , and surprised , hwo many wsa people there .
Then sh thanked her parents , and started to enjoy th paryt .
re apretns ahd organised many cotnests , musical adn karaoke .
There ewer nay sweest , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was hpayp !
Th seh na eh friends went tu , adn walked thorugh all the twon until early moinng .
Anna was vrey hapyp an ecxietd an thanekd her paretns haeritly for this birthday party .
hs lsep all the dya after this big celbration .
re paertns looked at he , dn they weer happy after her .
Their gri sa gorwn up !
Dera Jo ,
I 'm evyr pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give uo moe adcie .
In the Czech repbulic there are many places you sohuld ivsi .
The Czech republic is waelt fo a hitsory .
Fro examlpe , ours caiptal city Prauge htere are many historcial buidlings like Cral 's rbidge , Ctahedral of St. ivt , big lcock aclled Orolj adn so many others .
In Pargue is many gdo sohp wit clothes , souvneirs nad many ogo thin to yu .
If you perefr to go to nature I ac recommend yuo ours omuntains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumvaa .
There is very beatufiul nature , clam dn frehs a .
Yuo ca go there only fo a walk or for osem sports liek running or cycling .
If oy go to suoth Morava , yuo should definitely rty smoe vnie or drnik called Slivovice .
Heer is laso amny nic castles .
For example , near Pargeu is acstl aclled akršjen weher lvied akre IV . or casel clale Buclhovice which is on south - east of yuor ocuntry nae eh city Uherské rhadiště .
The are rey nice csatle .
Otherwise , t opprotunities of a job ehre is quiet a l .
It depends what ojb yo owuld lkie to do .
I do n't know hwa to write more .
If yuo owuld like to ask somteihng or ge to know more information about soem pla ju l me kno .
set regards ,
apve
Dera Mr Smith .
I am Melin and I am interested in yoru bo vcaacny .
To begin , I woul like to say tha I loev children .
In my opinion , we suold build a eprfetc wrold for hte to grow up in a saf and environmentally friendly palc .
I hva experience taking care of children .
I am hte eldest of my family so I ha to tkae ca of my sisetsr adn cousins .
I enrolled on diffreent courses abuot cihlrden development nad currently I am owkring as an au apir whree I hav to speak Englhs .
I paritcipated in sports cbus of my High csohol .
Although I am very keen on urgby nad basketball , during teh University I took part in the badminton club .
And I just learnt how to pal ice hokce .
As I have said before , I vae to watch otu two kids , which includse cook .
Depsite coko is my waekenss , I always try my best .
I cook eveyr day diffeern and healthy dishes for the whole afmily and they love it .
Wlil I ahve to cook my won recipes ?
Englhs wi not be a probme beacsue I know how to communicate with young people .
Awaiting your nsw .
Melina .
my favourite sport aer gymnastics na martial arts .
i 've been prcatciing mratail arts fro elevn years but i havent ols the passion I feel about it .
ht first martial art that I proved w tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 yeasr , after that i started knu fu adn i m sitll tree .
i hvae ebne prcaitcing gymsatics during 4 months a fascniaetd with it , i like to be tired for doign stunts , nad I also feel ver healtyh becaues I exrecies dai , if its not gymntsics it 's kung fu .
I like thoes spost becuase you need much strentgh an deidcatio to be getting betet , I like kung fu ewapnos adn handsfere forms , to do something spectacular in ukn fu you have to do arcobaitc ygmnasitcs .
I ivnited my friend to try htsee sports a appraently they like , many di not ebcaues they di to know well what it was but after living it fro youreslf you realize that are very beautufl soprst .
Dea Sir or Madam ,
I trei to erenw my membershi twcie yesterday an hter was a message of reror toh times .
So I gaev up to t it again today .
I received a call from my credit acr administration this morning to confir and auhtoriez that apymetn , etlling me htta hteer ree tow attempst of hcargnig my credi card bill .
Afetr authoriizng my credit card administration , I tried to ernew it , btu aagin hteer wsa hte same messa of error .
So , I di n't try it gaain , ebcaues I tnik that ther must have bee a problem to related to my erdit card account .
I am waiting for some isntruciton aobtu whta I have to do onw to rene my membrehsip .
ebst regadrs ,
Amauri Tijerina Lan
Owing a p is oppular tdoay even if their ho is in a big cyt .
Myn people oday hav ptes of lal kinds .
Oiwn a pet would ebnefi ll members of family .
First of a , a pet is a friend for eh family adn msuh better is a memeber of th family .
One mer davantage of qnni a pet is that it helps chlidern leran to be responsible an carrgn .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a ohme and food nad give in thi lov a affection .
On the other hdn theer aer a lot of disadavntages of owgn a pte in gi ciite .
epst na animsl in geenral need fresh ri and exercize outsid and not bnig alawsy in an aaprtmetn .
I have heard abuo pets that they get sick by living in a small paartmetn in dow tow an th is terrible .
In my oniion it might seems good to have a ept if we are teke care of it .
All in all , iqng a pet in a big icty must be done carefully ensirng all htat a ep need .
Television can be lbe to bht netertian and educaet at hte asm time .
Good uathros I think have to be able to fin t wya to keep togteher tehs to ipmortant aspects .
Teh fris thing htta I would suggest TV autohr is focuisng a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protcetio fo instacne , or more practically eh correct use of the water in ru houses .
Another example ca be represented by eh first aid acitvities and so on .
The toipcs c be aesiyl focused if we ha in mind a model of society hweer inidviduals ahve a centra orle .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning uor relationships with other , or our relaitonshi iwth nature and iwht different culuters and erligions .
All these topic by using rceativity and ne technologies can be faced in a ya to mak th sfot dn adapt to entretain .
doay , I owudl lek to tell you a shockign news .
It is called " 76 people rae ocnfiremd edad in Colombian plaen crash " .
I tihnk some of oyu hva alreayd known this ne .
Here er some basci informations about eh news .
A charter plane craryin 72 psasengers , inlcuidng plaeyrs rfmo Braziilan socce team Cpaecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Clomobia , acocdring to ht countr 's ciiv aivation department .
Nnie crew members ewer also on baord .
ht civil aviation agency had intiially announced that six passengers , htere playres , tow cer memebrs , an on ojuranlist , survived t crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims na tehir families .
Recently , omre na mroe airplane accidents occur .
Although I ahve never atking airplane , I would feel worry if I rtavel by plane .
To avoid accidetns , gvoernment adn iarlnie companies have to do something to preve tragyd .
Fro expmle , regularly examine the sitaution of airplanes is eneded , at hte mae itme , aeching pepoel hwo to ca hwe facing the emergency .
htank you fro your attention .
rgammar is teh mo difficult patr in leanring English .
hteer are few ways that ehlp us amster it .
ifrs of all , uo ened to preview .If oy do this adn oy 'll have a clea ied aobu hwat are you going to leanr in class .
It'll make you learn fastre .
Next , when you are in a class , focu on what the teacher asys , hs / he will etach you and give oyu a clearer undrestandin about grammar .
And hte will also rimnd yo moe ek ionts yuo do n't understand whne you rpeview it .
In the class , yo ohuld tak notse adn wrtie dwo wta is Iimportant .If you hev any question then y should ask tecaher to hel .
htey'll be glad to help .
At last , hwen yo leran some grmaamr ocncpets are ne to you , oyu ene to practice .It'll ehlp oyu remmeber it and wo to use it .
If you do a th htings above , I promise your grammar will improve na oy 'll master it eventually .
I vsiit Spaniards Ar quite often .
Uusally I am there wtih my rfeinds or colleagues fo a dinner or a lunch .
enx to Hamstead Heath , thi historic nn is lul of character .
The meun is more tha one would expect from a pub or veen a gastr - upb .
I liek the virety of the mai course selection na drinks .
I potde for a tseak three ocne .
Surrpsiingly , the ser it iwth a half uc bone which is quite fun by itself , even before oyu taste the idhs . Mashed pota is creamy and full of buttre .
Meat is perfectly preparde , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy cdires on t atp and you will not be disappointed !
Takign acer of uo environment is cosnidered for many of us en of the most important things in o live .
Nowadays , in ordre to have th bets fo teh catua adn flolowing generations , ther a international cmmon ways f individulas to contirbut to solving environmental problems .
Reyclcing is obth a popular nad an undrevalued method .
Everybody knows aht seraate rubbish into different bi mean but , b pra of eh soicet believes that it is to worth doing it if there are people that does on recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , oh do they xeplain al the hseets of paepr , cyrsatl dn plastic items that have been dae of ercycled matreials allowing us to save nos of priaml resuorces ?
Saving energy is the othe rgnad meth available to everoyne .
suin its respective light bulbs , household appliances dn any other thni that saves energy is the on way that individuals can help but , it is no effetcive .
Althouhg an netire two or city contributse to sivng eregy in hteir hmose , it ca not be compared iwth eh waset of enregy that industries make .
In this case , erstirctions should be implemetnde by eh govenrmetn .
Taking evreything into consideration , there is a ogod argmuent for supporting recycle , which is t foolwing one : eh biggest waste of eenryg tkae part in primal resources idnustries , if we resue all the materials tah h already eben exploited , we wodl rdeuec at lesa half of its costs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , otronto is really a great place to hang out .
The Scrmuptious food served makes me go bakc teher often . if you wtn to ahve a li smacking dessert this is th ultimate palec .
veeryone will love the appetizers and mian coruse sevred there .
Th spic levels a suitab for everyone .
Moroever teh ambienc of the restaurant is mravelous .
If you nat to have a quite cozy dinner you acn sit at ht table in the conrre .
Whereas if yuo are goin in there to apryt wiht friedns or watc a ga you gte a atble at suitable palce . I belivee that if we all could go to thsi restuarant at the dn of ou course , we will usrely ahve a greta time .
otdya , ercyclnig uesd clothe are popular in Japan .
of several years , a secondhand clothing sotr increas and a to of eppole u it .
Jaapnese poelpe take inetrets in esd clothes .
Theer is involved with a recycling spirist in Edo period .
In Edo peri , there wa the society thta wa called " super recycling - oreitned society " .
Almost products and materials weer reccyled na changed new products .
epople d this wtihotu special efoftrs .
It was odn veyr antura in their ilve .
Tree were nay specialists to repair , ercycle a ocllec prdoutcs in Edo .
Used cloth wer sold by " goysoy " , that menas peddler .
In 1723 , there aer 1182 secodnhand clothing storse .
It sa just the number of unoi mmeber so in fcat , three more secondhand clothgn stores in Edo .
T ke poin why expanded uesd clothes industry is " kimono " .
Kimono ha vyr simple structur .
It na be amde from usde clothse to patch adn darn .
Anothre opitn is that , the lcoht was mro valuable tah on .
So people s a hhg val on the ctoh .
According to these reasnos , sue clohtes siprit took hdl in jpaan .
After that , western lcothes ebcaem popular in Jpaan , ht recycling sytem wa frogo for a lo itme .
Howeevr , secondha lctohing stores ra icnerasing recent eyasr .
There are many escondhand clothign stroes wo .
Japansee people have eh spirits of recycling na lovni old things tsil now .
emdi or aos konwn as mass medi is oen of th most powerful means of spreading infortaion .
It gvies people the opportunity to egt to know wha happens all around the world in eac matter suc as poverty , occupation , discrimniatoin , suppression of human rhgts a so on .
Nowadays we can easily te infomration whci we need throguh th Internet , in the newspapers , on th TV .
As Eruopean citizens we are boudned directly or inderctly wi teh olad of soical prbolems and issues in Eorpe so we ahev to caquier uor right of free access to information prviately and randoml in odrer to stop ocrruption , to acuqire knowledge baout our rights .
So that we ca be acti ctiizen adn hel the EU continuing developing
nay yera ago I used to go to the cinema veery Sunday afrenoon .
It sa the set awy to spend my free tem with friends .
I envre mnid what kind of ifl I colud see .
On the lpace aws important .
Nevertheless Tdoa I usually go to the cinam when I really awtn to watch a patricular iflm .
My likes about fil hva ahnged too .
Wh I wsa younge I wlud rather watch romantic films . I used to cry hwen ht handsome byo kiss that pretty girl , or I wsa waitnig fo ht pseical moment to say good ybe to the ab ones .
Nowadays I tyr to choose films with good caotrs or actresse , special srcip and polt , documentary stories or specila renowne Director 's fiml like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On teh o hand Comedies a my favourites oens becaues I have to uagh wne I vae finihsde my wro .
ub on teh other ahnd I have to te esd to go to the cinmea as often as I can , btu I wish cienm will be cheap .
it 's a pity
I strongly argee with a statement thta shopnig is ont awlyas an enjoyable thing .
First , there er ofetn a l of people in bigg sohps .
There ocme no surpise htta it is ttoally difficult to find a neecssary thing wit a goo price in a deifned time thrguh a crowd .
Onec I remember myself hnaging around in the sohppin mall karooplis in odrer to yu shoes in wto hours . I id ont maanged to get praticula no , because of size , which smo shops suddenly coul on suggest as wll as the quality of hters did ont ese to be valuable fo xied prices .
So , I did not buy n sohe htat da , despite htat wsa happy f getting ri of crowd a shops .
Second , shopping malls have ful places of adveritsemetns dn loud sosg playing .
There is no srupirse that a perosn ivsit a big sohppign lal fate ih lnog working day .
He is tir and because of winter he ewasr a warm coat .
What do it happen ?
He hears differnet kind of songs , advertisements of asle na this cnofsued person tsatrs buying tihng which are ont sueful to him in reality .
hte prolbe go afte the problem and a pers starst to efel sick .
Als , It is a well - known fact , that it is toatll hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
T problem is that a person ha to crary hi octa in a nad nera his other pruchases , what is ont so easy .
ifnlaly , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
There aer smoe assistants woh if oyu ask or vee do not ask , they start suggesting the best tehri porducts as wle as th most expensive ones to you .
Thsi acn make oyur hsopping relaly nanoynig , becaes some type of peopel need to hcec by themselves in ord to eavlutae ht qulait of product .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoybal tihn , becsue it takes time , it is ofet full of people nad a person ac be nanyoed qucikly by incompetnet assistants , oh eager to ehlp yo by suggesnig the most expnesiv porducst .
So , shopipn deo no laways rpovide good feelgns .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm gald you moved , I vaen't got rou to findnig item to shaer iwth oy .
I 'm afarid I ca n't go runnig in teh omrninsg I 'm veyr bsu at wrok .
ehre are pletny of ulbs in the town .
If I were yuo I would pick up ht one in the avenue , bceause of th afcilitie
it has , ushc as t swimming opol and the my as well .
Working uo in the ygm wtice a week is enough as logn as you eta healthy and of course you sholud forget those deliciosu cakes oyu ues to mkae !
I 'd olev to teach yo how to smi and hte g in th avenue is perfect for that .
Whta about the Saturday mronigns ?
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I relaly do hope y get used to hte neigborhood .
Ta to you soo ,
Seabstian
ht football
hte footabll is th most beautiful sport in the owlrd , it 's teh profession dream of almost all hte boys whne tehy are kids , weh you play in uor neighbourhoo , you aer playing that you 're Mssi , or Cristiano Ronadl or your favourite palyer of your team .
It 's eh funniest sport in t world , kikcing the bla , you are ciking ht bad energies of your life , you will be nifetced of passion .
But teh passion is ont only hwen y ra playing fotoball , yo ac incermetn your passion supporting a team in the ogdo times and th da times , going to the staduim , a wne your team reac teh glory , uo ac also feel htat , an in tihs mmoenst you ar th happiest person in teh wrol .
So I invit y to join the love na passion whe you fee when yo a playi or watchgn a amtc of football , adn if you sha this love wit another pesrno the psasion increases a ol , your feelings ar in thier higher levle , in this spo you can feel hte glory , dn in the netx second oyu na start to cry because uo 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
Theer are lots of interesting sports but there is noramlly one that yo like the omst .
In my case is not really a spro in itself , it is a cultrual atcivit which needs a big pyhsicla effor .
I am talking aobut dancing , specifiacll ballet .
I consider it no of th best sporty and clutural activities becuaes oyu keep fit at eh same time th uo express yourself making an a tsfuf .
Fo dancing you need some ment and physical skills , but none of htem rae as hadr as people thikn .
You have to be a dicsiplined a lel - balanced preson , taht 's it .
Both characteirstcis iwll help you in other type of tasks adn will improve your futru deveolmpent .
The strat is hte hardest pra considering htat yo body is nto used to do htis kind of psort ; howev , noce oyu ra in it everything becomes aesire an you efle healhty and mu mro active .
So , if oy a starting it , do n't giv up beacsue of difficulties are coming , juts relax an be aware tha you and your obd erquire time to daatp to ihs n activity .
uo wlil notice wo ht imorvements cem up without thinking oto mcuh .
O of the things that I enjoy the most is tha oy dance in a orup tehrefor you meet poeple nad y acn amke a friendship atfe a wihel .
uo must not be in yo ow , otherwsie yuo could not dance in a comapyn , so that you share oyur passion with pelpe tha efle the same na tah , amek a srtong relationship foveer .
I encourag everyone to try it , I am sure oy will becoem a bteter pesro .
I id n find it hra at la , as a matetr of fatc , it sa easier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fulency at writi , hwcih suggetss how ewl I 've impvoed .
2 . I ddi n't eg sutck foten at thinkni in wcih wdr I should use , which gave me enough time to ifnish .
3 . I wrote hte enohg qunatity of words required .
4 . Everything was kept naetly .
Anyhtign was ofund difficul onr struggling .
I ddi my best na I succeed in egtting a 5.0 .
Neverthless , I would like to imorve som skills a although I did very well , I still to confused .
1 . I overthought verey so ofte , because I wsa nto srue if what I sa doing wa algiht .
2 . I should sto thinking in Spanish an mroe in gnlish since tarnslating imhgt be ocnfusing .
MY FAVOURITE PsOTr
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thgn . You should choose osmetihng tah y enyo , b at eh sma tiem , somtehnig you can afford to ap ofr .
As a rseult of that , I have tride many sports in my lief .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may think tta is a dangerous sport , whi can be , the adernaline rus you fle when you ra in the waetr ameks it wroth teh danger .
If you ra goign to start practise it , I would recmomend you to tsart taking lesosns wti an expert isntructo .
It is very important to cehck the equipment frist .
If are n sued to do it yo ac make a msitake , an then it is whe the sport bcemae dangerous .
Afte a f elsosns yo will be bale to go diving on yourself and enjoy t senastoin of freedom aht rpovidse you this sport .
It is ilk y would be isolated rfo the world , jsut you dn ht ocna .
I have to ya thta it is no of ht msot amazing feeling that I haev ever felt in my li .
I enocurage you to yr it .
Withuo any doubt our ilf is ahnged qucikyl and we do no realise baotu this .
oh iwll be ou fie in ht future ?
To ebgni with this , ht amin change will be hte ues of renewable rosurce instead of sosil fule .
Nowadays , people is awer of environmetal problems dn the iwll rty to fgiure ou .
ofr example , la uftrue houses will use sloar cells to produc elcetrciity .
omrevoer , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , ilk as intelligent mobile phnoes wihc uold help us with d - to - da taks .
Not oyl tehy iwll be uesd to telephone , but we could ya with them .
They wlil cotnrol o empty irdge na if oyu run out of any vegetables , yoru mbolie hpon would wnr yuo sueprmarket an they would bring it .
However , orbots will not replace uhmans in the dairy atsks .
So that , we should crary on dust cleaning or wahsing .
Alhtuogh , cars wli be better th on , tehy lil not fyl yet .
The streets will be plenty of cars in eh ru hours .
To conclude , it is impsosibl to auge agaisnt th fact that people 's ilve wli hcang in eh ntx years ub , thees changes wil hepl to improve ru environment and o diary life .
It is often said , tha shoppin is a pleasant procedrue ubt sometimes it beocme bothersome .
However , ther are siutations we do not find enjoaybl at ll .
I will mtnion some of hte reasons why and when shopping can be unejnoyable .
Fritsly , when we do n have enough tiem in the mornin to go shoppnig , we have to do it in th evening hwe mo pepol go nad yu htinsg they need .
Shopping may casue frustratio manil , weh we hva to squeeze trhough t crwo .
Secondly , shoppin defiinetly ceome unenjoyable hwen we are nto ab to fin products we wna and desire .
On teh one ha , ovrespending monye .
Shops es a to of tricky ways to ecnourage poeple to buy mro than th need .
Neverthleses , poelpe try to save mnoey by every conceivable means .
To conclude , we ha to kn whe dn to whic shop we hsould go to avoid stresfslu na n enjoyalb situations .
Probably no of ht most idscusse topisc - lgobla wramin , is also most sreoius sisue ; wrol is afcnig toady .
Researchers have proved aht muan activities suc as industrialization , deforestation e . c trigegr golbla awrmnig .
In htis topic I wolud be highlighting some of t dangers of climate hcange and idffernet ways through hwich government an indviidula may hle to oevrcome thsi challenge .
Oen of th mots evidnet effcet of global awrming is the depletion of the ice at Norht & Souht poles , in utnr casuing se level rise and encroachment of la .
htsee phenomneon caused serious damages to ecosyst an sea lief .
Further , continuosu rising temperutre is impacting weather patterns and leading to natur disasters .
There are scientific evidnece , that calmaities liek aktrnia , H - H can be linked to lgobal awrming .
As gloabl awmring na have such seriou impacts on ilf on Earth .
It is hgi time to inetrvene and taek acitno .
Gvoenrment can dictaet strict onrms to control pollution and carbo footpritns .
For example , govremnents can impose ilmits on emissions by manufactuirng plants an forec industrise to help in forestatio .
Individuals ac also play their part in cotnrolling lgobal warming .
For examlpe , indiviudal c reduce use of t plasti mateirals , ues public trasnport to conrtol emission , reccyel waet material etc .
To conclude , global warimng is serious cocnern which can on be ignoer any lognre .
Government & Individual both have orel to play , in facing tsi biggest hclalenge of teh Tmie , Eatrh is facing .
Dear Sri / Madm ,
I am writing to apyl fro a job in summer camps .
My mae is Steal , I am 36 years old and my English is ve gdo .
I am a very hard working perso , organised , calm na rfiednly reson .
I have two kids o is 8 years old and the other one is 10 yeasr lo so I have pletn exreience iwt kdis .
I believe I have the skills , nkowledeg na xeeprtise uo ra looking ofr . I have wokred ebfor for my loca commuinty for 6 years while I was oloking for my children too .
My tsa there were vayr from working wti children of all ages to organise evetns , soprt activities a evening activities . I also helped with caening the cneter , helping in the kitchne with cooknig and working colsel with clients and custmores in our Café .
I wlil olev to wo in a smume camp as I always ejnyoed ognig on cmaps iwth rfiend and family .
htsi wlil be a great xeeprience f me to work so close to teh conutrysied .
I loo frowrad to hearing from you na hope you will invite me f an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stal Volkov
imhcael is an editor in an internationla student magazine .
He holds a shotr tsoyr ocmeptition to miprove students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students coudl join hti acitvity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you na te 1 dollar epr wriitng .
The messag sa poste on the website .
While I watched tha msesgae , I aw excited to fi my firends to enter hti cpmetition .
I thought no mtter w iwsn ht compettiion , we all ums egt 1 dollar for rpize .
But my friedns were not intreested in hta competition , thye thought writing is boring and got 1 odllar is msal .
I tlo tme , oyu can just write no matter hwat y write .
ifnlaly , they coeid my artlce in this competition .
They only watn to get the free dolalr , do n't spend tiem to focus on t writing .
One ad Mihcale entere his company nad ihs emploeye hapliy to hi , we got many responses .
When he erda the content of raitcle , he discovered amyn of tehm are similar .
He sa da to go to his office .
Mhcael closed teh door and ken at htat momtn he h ma a mistkae .
Aacedmic clutrue refers to teh attitudes , values and aht are shwon by the people who wro or sutyd in unvieristies .
After I jioend ACU ( Autsralian actholic Univesrity ) I have found vas differences in teachin method between Neapl an Australia .
In Nela students tsudy individually , do not ask questions with th ttuo even if they are ocnufsed .
Meanwhile , Ausrtalian decuation is based on making sutednts learn new siklls .
Stuednst nede to ahv an actiev aprticipatoin in idscussion wi their peers .
Besides , students rae abl to raies uqestions with the letcurer ebcause they c express their opinion .
At fisrt I fetl dififclut , stress while studying in grousp sude to hesitate while sharing my idae , poniion but now I am familiar with the caademi cultrue .
Acadeim culture is hcallenge for many students fo fefecitve learnin .
epe learning is a smlal group of three to five sutdents oh are kept tgoetehr to discuss th conttn and carry out edcuational activitie in umtula neggaement .
( Fiehr , as ictde in Strake , 021 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a ow way laenring prcoess in whci emmebrs of group feel easier to sicuss the ctnent .
It helps to know t importaec of group wro by giving adn receiving efedback on particular takss .
According to Hamp ( 2020 ) , hte aol of Pa ( neglish For Academ Purpose ) coruse is to teach studetn relveatn sutdy skilsl they nee throughout their degree .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and mak them think criitaclly , by usin formal lnagauge whel writing and so on .
In conclusion , hte adoption of Australain caaedmic culture h developed strategeis for my learning .
I hav become an idnependetn laerne and started to riase a question , share my opinion to eh tutor .
In hte future I lil enhance learning strategei by worki actively in group .
I awnt to tlak obut a restaruatn caleld " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant loctaed in Villa Genela Belgrano , Cordoba adn teh specializatio of it is egrman fodo .
oyu have lal th kind of gemran food uo can imaigne , form sausages with churcut to Gullash iwth psaztle .
Y vae als common meat na basic food if y do n't want to try ohtre types of food .
The erstaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal isze , with ma space and very wlel decorated , you have many photos and paints to ee .
Most of teh paints an hpoots er fro Germany , ebcuase tha town w occutaed by Gemran poeple amn years ga .
It is alos quiet , so it wli siu perfcelty fo the clsas , we do n't ta tha mcu neither kae bothering noises .
Peopel at th rsetaurant are very nid , the traet oyu in a evr polite way and is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regte and we wil have a rgaet tem tyrign different types of food , learning maybe a lilte bti of the history of the to and be hpapy as a group
Alomst eveyrobdy has ever thought of taking a g aer between levaign school nad srating university , ubt we do really kn all the advantages and idsadvanatges htat it entails ?
rfmo en hadn , a big part of global population considre this year off a way of laerning and epxerienc while you enjoy travelilng all rauond hte owrld a yo get to know peolpe for a the different cultuse .
Nowaadys , employers ra looking of exeprienced pepole woh nkow how to adpat to lal hte idfferent situations oyu c be involved in , suhc as an intrenational elctuer or a idfficlut plihgt .
It is also sdi htat at the uor of heading to cloleg , those people who haev taken a yra off ar the ones who haev lss difficultise to elarn na relacioante iwth ohter students because they hvae ha us to it before .
It is a afct htta those who psned a yea arboa owrking on somtehing , hte can save money for univesrity dn they become mroe independent .
tu taking a year off ah ti downsides as ewl , lik eh tiem people wast working on something htey are not goin to do in the ftuure , because with an kidn of extracurricular studies , peoel stragnely find a good job .
hta is why it is recomemnded to wait nutil yuo finish university to olok for a job .
naother fac that should be highlighted is htat while you are working ro a year , poepel from yoru age are at university , and thta eman hta ehy will probably ifnihs their dgere a year earlier tah yo , and htsi coudl be an cnonvenience for uo , because uo iwll have to have a eyar younger classmates .
Teh importnat htign is that you ra gaingn skills that uo ac apply for your futur career .
Many atuomobilnidustries a working for a new future of automobils .
ofr many years papl , Goog a several traditional autmoakesr haev been running prototypes , which are driivn fr self adn onbody cna steer eh acr .
The qusetio raisse if dirverless car will be a boon or bnae to us ?
osm peoel rageu taht this new idea of csr is a milestone ofr us adn it will rbign only positiv effects wiht it .
First of a sel rdviing cras are good for pepole who ahev go a handciap .
At teh mmoent poeple who ah ogt a hnadiacp ac not drive a car on thierself .
Tih have got a edvastatnig effect for her independence an freeyl lviign .
When tihs pepol acn drive a eslf drivin car eh fe mo comfortable adn the can live more freel .
However , it is aos important to remember htta people with a handicap have got ht same rgiht and chances as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the cat tta sle driving cars ra mro saftier as no sefl driving car .
The rising number in deadly c accidnets raise an important questino to all of us .
Is car dirving really safe ?
Self driving cars are steered by a ver modre sfowtare and tih sfotware is so exactly taht the nubmer of cacidents will be decline .
In contrast self driving cars a very epxesnice and cuh people can not b it .
Self driving cars er very modern a rdvie with a evry highly tcehniaclly softawre .
irch pepole can buy it bu pepoel of eh middle class not .
In teh future thsi na mkae a highly gap ebwteen poor and rich people .
htsi is th reosn why self driving acrs can be in th near future only osmtehing for ric poelpe .
T automobilindustries ahv to wokr on a pl that self driving ca be bought by peoel oft he middle class too .
hwen this will be gnig on esl driving cars can be an enrcihment for our lfi .
The Reading museum in Berkshere ha visitosr orm all age groups , btu particularly suitable ro yuong people hwo need help for scholo projetc or want to atek up creative things as a hboby .
Thye have a numebr of workshops for young people fr bgeinnre to mei - professoinla , a most of those are on so xepensiev .
Yuo ac laenr various interesting art - owrks such as painting , photograph , ceramic , rfo t lifowrk orfessionals .
I 've taken ' ceramic course ofr beginners ' cne .
Actulal it was fun nad I could make a lto of firends .
You ca n't imss ht stylish cafe in hte museum .
Their lunhc neus are gorgeous and ht pcie are raesonabl .
oyu c asl enjoy a quiet aftrenoon in teh cafe if yo go there around veneing .
I really recommend every yonu people to vist tehr oec when oyu ahve time althoguh it mgith be better to vaoid t weekends
to : miss anlaia
fro : candela bergamacsih
usbject : ht transports of my local aer
dat : 24th june
introdcution :
as requested , i hva ivnestigatde the features of the main mea of tranpsotrs whic are usde in my local arae .
my findings aer persente bewo .
bess :
buse are eh ma transport in my era .
these are very cheap a epople who do on ha a car su it to mov everywhere . howevr , this trnapsort isnot so comfortable ebcaues sometiems you must travel with ltos of people .
cars :
poelpe es their car of travel a lnog o shrot distanec , this is really comfortable ebacuse you can manaeg the speed and wher y iwll driect .
antoher option :
wne uo ra not eke on travel by bs and you do not want get the c out t agraeg , the txasi m be the bse optoin .
these are the cobmiantion between buses an oyru o ra .
conclution
I believe that htree should be more buses of the comfort of peopel .
ther ra sveeral potions to choose , but the choice depedns on ehc .
My favorit psor is ofotball . I like it bceaues it is a sport htat dse n't ened a lot of means to be lpaye .
In my ocuntry fo instance , peopl starts playing football at th vrey early age .
The oyl thing htey ne is to have a ball and a ipece of land .
Everyboyd ac practise football .
T other reason wh I like practising footabll is because it is a colletciv sport .
By playing ofotball , yuo eet a lot of peopel of your age and amk osme friedns .
Fnially , football is lek all sport very gdo for haelth .
Playgn football at a regular basis ehlp to manitain a good healt .
My advice to people oh wnat to pl football is to be passionate , to like a feel football .
As I sa , it is no mandatory to ahev la t dedciated equipment b it could help .
They alos hav to remember aht it is a game of contacts .
So , it might acus osme ijnurise .
An for those who like foobtall but are scayr to get injuerd , hte still hav teh opporutnity to watch gamse on TV dn pya video gma console .
It is common to see during summre myn people in par rpactising sports , liek running , biikng , or just oding every iknd of physiac activities .
Tnaks go , I live rhgt in the forn of one gi park .
So , whe I awk up veeyr morning , als pushed beacuse I am a very active perosn , I get such a motivation to go uot nad do something .
I sometimes practise biking , runinn , or vene dancing on sunday .
I parctsie aos wsimming in my apratmetn 's poo , and surfin when I maange to eg to eh beahc .
But , n only in smumer I prcatise psrots , oec in winet I prcaitse al f sports , lki skinig , snowboarding , dn Ice saktign , among others .
So , when my freinds ask me which is my vaourite spor , a problematic decision coems to my imnd , simlpy because I kie the all .
ub on of these sports comse to to th t of my htouhgts mer ofte : Running .
yh do I ejnoy running ? .
I do not ahve a quick answer , tu I ac slied some iedas .
rist , running is cheap .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply atek a coupel of snekares , an a ilght sportswear , and statr to run naywhere .
Ther is no need of expensive technicla colthe , or spceail fields , just y , and a palec safe and with enough spa .
Nonethelse , if oy really want to egt into this soprt as a rpo , you acn get to inevst a lot on clothing na gagdets .
escon , running is sipmel .
Yuo do not need to g any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a chdl .
Taht sdi , running is porbabl hte easiets spor to practise .
envertheelss , on you statred to practise running , and wnat to reayl eg into it , an imorve , I do recommend you to tka rae of you helath a to fidn professional assistance .
Injuri mya hapne f practicing it often if uo do no konw the w you step , or you do on taek t necessary itme to g the resistant htta yuor body needs , for example .
Fmaosu epopel , scu as politician adn fil star , deesrve to have a private life wihtout jourlaists ofllowign hte lal th time .
Th relaitonship betwene famou epopl dn jounralist is an attractive ofucs on our coiety .
In my oipnino , it has two isdes .
On the no hnad , withuo their career effec , the would as nromal as we a .
Famous people need a love , famiyl , neteratinment and support .
Smoetime , teh ra happy , somteimes htye rae sad
Li we all know tehcnology is amikng the bts of it .
Providing us needs that in t sat were n't .
The osciety is grownig nad as it grows it gets more sue to technolog being everywhere .
Public tarnsport is used eevyr day by millions of peopl .
ht maoyirty ; yogn or o age , sinec the rae n't odl enoug or they a too old to drive .
Dirvign is ht eraso w daul people do n't etn to us as mcuh pbuilc trsnport .
Tehy just preef to trave logn or hsor distance in individaul transport , known as ra .
Thi is because tcehnology has given us this opporutnity , na as time eos by more dn better modifications are made to ra .
Which tedns to cat o tatention an waste our omney in a way hta can me save up , in htis cass usnig public transport .
Th is happening now , and we a no veen fully devoloped in technoloy .
Imagine t future , will publci transport sitll be sue ?
Will it mdoif uo society ?
Will it be ogod , or not ?
That is something we have to owkr on .
IN helping our soceit grow , but not too much .
Just hwat we ened .
Enough to live .
eh purpsoe of tih reptr is to assses the bes and eh owrs aspecst of Actvie Leisuer Culb .
Active Leisure Club 's gy is a mdoenr built builidng .
The clnets benefit of professionla coaehs , wh trai them in order to perform the exercises correctyl .
Teher aer appliances as treadmills , ibke , weighltifting and man tohers .
Although , there a not showers , adn this really is a negaitve aspect .
You sholud build o to improve teh popularity of your leisure clu .
Tho peolpe woh u th sap can beneift from traetment of the ihghset quality .
However , these servecs rae ver expensive , and not evreybody can affodr them .
oy ocul low the price a iltlte bit .
That w , everybody could beneift of your psa .
In the cul 's sports hall , epople can paly idffreent psrots an have fu wiht thri frined .
ynway , their children do not have a psceial plec , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place ofr them to pya .
I hoep tha my report helpe you , and Active Leisru Club will imprvoe ti fcailities .
Nowadays everoyn has read a book .
There are plenty of choice , nvoe , historic , darma or cmodey .
Aslo , there are dfiferen form to read , I eman , uo ac erad a book or an ebook .
naity fair is a good eaxmple for a boko full of surprise .
oy are readign and thinking aht will hpape .
tu somethnig happnes unxepectedyl a the we chapter is completely dfiferent wta you h miaginde .
Those things mak me sya that it is a good boo .
The action invlove oyu and oyu can stop reading .
ht wirter manage to ccth all your attentino .
That is a wnoderflu capacit of smoe good write .
Thsi book sa a very fluent plto waht makes taht Vanit fair aws o of hte ebs nvoel .
In my oniion , a ogod book has to ahve surprise , sa to have a ogdo plot , a gdo variety of charaetrs dn , as I said , h to involve you .
When oy aed a book you ca n't sotp to read it
The last CD I bought was Birtney Jean by Britney Spears .
In this CD , the Singer expresses a her feelings and told us about re alts experiencse during rcenet yaer .
Firstyl , you can find songs baotu her chidlern , lack of affcetoin , broken heart and moe commercial son which have an interesting lyircs .
Peopel could tihn that if you uby this typ of music , you wli wsat your money an it is just commercial musci .
Howevr , from my point of vie , it 's to true .
Whe I listened htsi CD by the first itm , I could ssne how the singer berak tu in these songs and how many aspects of eh li thought ehr to grow up a little b more ea day .
So , I would recommend ihs CD to other people because I think aht tye codl meet the signer dpepl htroug the sonsg wcih compose ihs amzanig CD .
Time pasesd dn ojh hda an nuimaginbale inspiratino with h experiment .
He had to apply all ihs knowledge to maek somethnig concrtee , wit poetntial .
no nhgt he wetn to a paryt with ihs colleagues .
He thought it wlil be goo to ditsracetd for a wihle .
It was already night hwe he aws in Lcuk 's uose ( ulc was an old frine ) and all of them were taklin about life things , but then Luck remembered that ojnh sa working in an experiment that he id n't know what was it about , so he sake ojhn in fortn of everynoe :
-So , Jho ! wo is it going ?
I ehard hta yo weer wrokign in an experiment !
- tcually I am still working on it !
I wokred on it vre ahr even ohugh it was evr compelx , and my puprose w tha it could g admitted by the inspecot , and wne I showed it to ihm he todl me taht it w ood but I had to fix some deatils !
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glda htta you 're diogn well ! -Luck said .
Wehn eptre listened that , he sa interested in koniwng about John 's expeiremnt .
He ha t insight aht th epxermient could be something vtia to uhma life .
eptre 's career was ismilar to Joh 's .
He aekd ih if he colud owr with him and htat he knew something hta cuold help h deivse to succeed .
John acecpted ihs hel na tdl him to go to his labroatory .
As tim apssed Pteer and ojh grdaually ebcaem more clsoe to each ohter .
Aftre four months of hard work , they toko hte expeirment iwth all th informatoin to inspection .
The inspector fnilaly accpeted their owrk and told tme aht wo htye ah to be aptinet ebacuse teh will going to reproudce mnay of teh .
They were veyr happy .
htye deicdde to design a vertic field to expand ht laborator .
Jho draw a stech to se hwo it was iong to olok .
Everything aws going evry ood ; nonetheless Peter intentoins chagne adn became riddle .
Teher sa gap of ambition in hi
My anm is Daniel dn my favourite sport is Pad .
Padel is a sport activi wheer yo can enjoy wti other three friends .
It is ismilra to tenn but the cour is smaller than tennis court .
Furthermore , the court has walls and th ball ca bounec fof htye .
Padle is my favourite spor becaes it is so say to lpay for everyone an it is funny weh you play with epopel woh has the asm level to you .
The mts important thing that oyu have to htikn when uo atrt to paly this soprt is tah it is a game nad oyu shoudl improve your elvel fast becuaes it is an easy sprot .
I started when I was 18 years an I played 2 days per week .
wo , I play apdle four days p week .
I am an addtc to paedl !
Dea ri ,
This is in regrad to the summer camp application advertised in th newspaper .
I would lki to owkr as a volunteer in the upcoming sumem cam at Ariozna whi oyu are organizign from 02t Mahc to t0h Marhc .
I am 32 yeasr old Cmoputer Scnece rgadaute ucrerntly working as softrae consultant .
I am an atcive preosn and exercise adily to keep myself f and opsitiev all thruogh my d .
I also play cricket and badminton udrign t eweeknds .
I teach English in the sburub colony to primar children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' prgoarm .
I am taking a avcatoin during th second half of amrch dn I se it to be a perefct mie to joni the summe acpm as the adtse coincide .
So I owuld like to tak thsi opportunity to owrk as a Volunteer .
I laos enjyo cooking adn iwll be a great hpl in the ktichne .
Wi my experience as a teaching assistant I c easily handl young kids and keep them busy in laerning . I am flolo a l of sporst channels in TV during my free time and th ehlps me in settin up hte ruels for ht soprst activtiies and esnrue they ra ogranize lel .
It gvise me greta pleasure in helpi kdis in the activiites na teaching them thruog pla .
It mkaes me efe contented that I am contribtuin to the osciety by participtaing in th tasks aht shape theri futuer .
Hanig energetic adn cheerful attitude , I owuld like you to cosndier me as the best if fro the cam volunteer and cacetp my applicatoin .
Looking forwrad to be a part of the team .
Sicnreely ,
rsi Kpaadia Chowdhuyr .
In my opinion , pubil transport h been improved during teh last years , because ictie has been doing a lot of inevstmetn for tha .
At bgi cities , su New oyrk , eh mia public transport is the undregorund , hwcih is usually fast and nto oo expensvie .
htere are toehr types of publci transport shc bus , trai or even planes for olng trips .
I do no agreee with eh ide whhc says tah there is no future for pubci transprot , because it is a percet awy of transport for commuters nad nowadays , a lot of pepole is conscuos wi eh gloabl warmgi a the envirnmoent , na refsues to su t car every da .
In addtiion , teh feuls price is nicreaisng during eh sat years .
In summary , I think th publi transport is a ood way to move adn eh number of users is increasing every d .
Crae ,
htakn yuo fo writi , I w worried about yuo .
Firstly , it is suc a ood enws to know hta you are gteting sued to oyur we lief .
What have yuo donig since you moevd from ehre ?
Secondly , I am so papy tah you ra gal with yo n moe and how is It ?
Is It lo lkie your old huose or it is bigegr than tih ?
In your letter oyu wrote taht you are missing some poeple and things , wha nad who do yo miss ?
I can imagen how difficul it can be , althuogh calm odw yuo wll fni out different thing to do and mkae friends as soon as possibl .
I really awnt to visit you .
If I am not rtavleling with my parents , I will go to your city .
I wli look forwar to hearing from you ,
Claudia
PBuLI TRANSPORT .
Noawdays , travel in pulbic rtasnport has been an exeprience hw none has failed .
Hoveer , exist n a dicsussion about whta the poelpe prefe , if the publi transprot or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public tranpsort , at the start , you do nt have to drive yousrefl , yuo acn listen to muis , read a book o wathveer yuo want iwthout have to pay atetntion to the tarffi , is true too htta rtavel by tihs way of transport help ht goverment because y hvae to pay it , adn the amjortiy of them rae cheap enought to everyon .
However , so much people love vae htei o vehicule , a car , a bick , a mot , because this give yo other kidn of freedom , oy cohse th way , yuo chose eh time , yo chose teh awy in you rdive it , the opstiive thing about this kind of vehicule is tah oyu do nt have to take a bsu , for exmapel , crowded of people , you can go aoln in your acr , or whoevre you wa , but the important is taht you chose .
In conclusion , we can sa th every kind of transpor has their wo pros and cnos b in my poinoin teh difference btewene both this is tha in the secon you cohse you own tsyle .
Extermadur is a small plac where you can not nid many transport types .
rist of all , the mso of the epopel in Extremadura use t ac for gonig to the j , to university or csholo .
The acr is a quick , cheap and aesy transport snic you na es it when yuo wnat and yo can apr it where you want .
Whne oyu use teh ra , yo do n ahve to thin in tiemtbales and uo do n't ahev to pay expnesive tikcets for travelling .
Howevr , I think that this transpotr ha som disadvantages , ofr instance : if in a smal ctiy theer are a lot of ras , hte pollution iwll increase and the environment iwll be injured .
Also , whne a cit is small teh poeple shoudl walk to different plaec isnc evertyihng is near to yuor hsues .
Related to hte ues of eh car , I owlud like to say that the Extermdaura 's roads need a bi repartaoin because , for example , ht orad between Cáceres dn Badajoz is evry damged and it is difficult to driev for it .
In Extremadura , eh senod tarnspotr omst sude is the su .
On the one hdn , theer ra busse tta ocnnetc the several neighbourhoods of ht tiies wit eh centre of tme .
On teh other hadn , hter ar buses ro travelling large distances .
I think that the urabn buse ahev imorved in Cácers .
The last year , hte mayor changed the old sues by ne buses iwthou increase teh prices .
Now , it is secureir to travel tah lsat years .
Aslo , eh seats of this tarnsoprt are more clean na eh bus drvier go asiyng the name of each tsop .
In eh bus stop ehre ar devices that advice to hte epopl teh minuets tha they vae to awi to the arrived of hte bus .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport laes esd is hte train .
T ticket is very expensive a the trains are very dl .
Hello , dear guests ! We are lgda to see you in uo city . I awn to tell you about inteersting places in my city .
We are live in Mosc , it is a vre gi city , so there are many interseting palce , wehre I used to do some activity .
That 's yh I dcedie to tll you bauot so interetsing plca in our ict .
I thi , Gorky Park is a ood lpace where we can psend our time .
In the usmmer it is a place where uo c play Volleyball in the specila gorund with sand , play ipng - pogn or if you are tied you can sit in special hammo .
Many people com to the park for a picnic .
And in the eevnnig you can go to the open - ai cniem .
In eh winter Gorky Park is very ebautiful and there aer ice skanig par .
Evebyody gose to it ebcuase it is ht best ic staing park in Euroep .
htree rae dancing suqar an many romantic alleys , also htree are toobgagn silde .
Gyus should not go to snowbording .
I htnik it is good palys to tohre activities .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best apr in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to ehairng from oy .
I 'll rty to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my cuontr .
Breakfast should be a shot of energ in my opinion .
Most people eat scrammbled eggs dn dirnk a ucp of tea .
tu I prefer a strong coffee isnetad of ae .
It 's a ogo wa to wake up !
Dinner ocntanis ow emasl .
ifrs is a soup , the omst popular is chicken soup .
Main course is rey haevy - to of ptoatose iwth mae .
I would prefer to e mroe light sihes like vegetables wti ris .
uspper awlays ocntain sanwdiches .
As suula I 'm on a dte , so I prere oyl yougtrh .
Being ift it 's nice ! :)
I hope it would help y .
Kiess ,
omnika
I intorduce mysefl : I 'm Italian with an obesssoin of t English lnaguaeg
I ca n't stop studying English langaueg , I'm a srot of ' englishaddicted , ub I wihs I were an English native spaeekr , I do n't know why .
I 've been studying Enlgsih at school
, taer I took my degree in Mdoenr Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to dn rfo England to improve my skills .
hwile studiyn at teh Univesriyt my ide w to mvo to eh UK to work hteer , but I ogt married so I could n't realzi my deram . !
I fodn myslef teaching Englsi in my uontry , ra fro eh language compteence I was lonign for .
I wli never stop visiting the UK an tryin to miprvoe my speaking and writing skills , thask too to yoru lep .
4 . Do yuo learn mer at shcool or on plcaemen ?
Nelry evrey educaiton will papyl a placement in theri education porgram , to get teh iklls dn experinec of tehir puipl to a ihghe level .
But , is it als thta necessary ?
hweer do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
Firs of all bfeore arguing hti qeustoin , it is important to copmare the nasewrs with peolpe hw are on the same educatino and shcoo .
Becuase ther c be a lot of difefrencse in the characteristics of those two subjects .
Atfer that , havnig sia I acn claerly writ down my opniino abotu this question .
I think that at my scoho the blaacne of this civil educatino is n't right and afri at all .
Because the unmbers of theo lessons abotu our discipline aer by fra many hours elss than I xepected to ge .
This makes it nearly a complete self study deucation , wihhc should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
So because of this , hte placeemnt is always a etp ahead to choo fo at this question because the will teach you directly mer .
In additino , on placement teh things you learn are always focuse on that particular oj dn coapny .
So the details adn information they tecah y will be more useful in uor futrue career htan the random information about t subjects at school .
So this amkse it alrday ow against reo for hte placement .
na finally th third na als reasons wh I thni you laern mor on plcaeemnt ahn at school .
When oyu go to school you have to ofllwo lessons wihch aer off cousr usef ofr your knoweldge but , hte way of following th leosns are to a natural work paetrn .
In a natural work aptetrn you have to do , also like school , yuor tasks tu the communication is asl an important part of it .
Tihs importnat way communication alcsk at school , ebacuse it 's a nearly a one directino w of communicating rfom the taechers .
You haev to maek a test adn htey wli give you a rating for it .
hwiel on placement they work more in an evalautin way to improve ksills .
So with the tehes thr arguments all goni in th same direction to expla my opniio at thi question , I think it hsa not to be explained any further now .
Over the last eyras , peopl 's attidute has been changing .
The necessity declined taht worikng a liivng nedes to be afirly lcose to eahc othe .
Magaing nog idstancse seems to be noraml nowaadys .
Moreover , people enjo bei unbonud na thereroe , teh aer willnig to traev lnog idstances .
Howev , publi tarsnport ahs been critised moer and omr oevr teh last years bceause of tis inconenvienc .
Smo peoel go eevn so far adn do n't assume tha public transport iwll have a futre at a .
A l of public esrvicse ewre ctu dwon in odre to saev mnoe .
Thereofre , busses rae not running as otfen or relgualry as they used to .
sepecilaly in the countryside , public transpor is no alternative to ras du to the lack of freeuncy .
Conseqeuntly , peopel prefer taking teh ac .
First , because they gia indpeendenec threweith .
Second , they na vis aehc palce without any circumstances .
ro sntance , there is no need to cnage hte b .
It is also more convenient to go to wokr by cra as yuo can leave wh it suits y and ont because eh las bus is running .
In addiiton , th ca is also more convenitn in rescet of the itmign .
Afetr having had a lon da at work , pepoel long to ge home as quick as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prcies have been incerased rapidly in the last years .
Travellnig by train as a famiyl or group is ofne far moer expensive tna kaing the car .
Nevertheelss , public transport still provides several advantegs in comapirson to taking the car .
For exapml , it is no parkin spa reqiured .
Sitting in the bus acn al be uqtie relaxing , psecially ocnsiderign teh heavy traffic during rush ohusr .
Finally , it stil privdes a sueful way of travel f la w do n't have a drvinig ilcence .
In t end , the service of bulic transport needs to chnage to attrcat omre ppole and to have a oriseer future .
Howeevr , it will ermain in the future as still mnay people sue it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inform aobtu how the city of Granda take care of envirnomnet .
Rubbish and polltuion
Granad can be consider a lcea ctiy as regard of rubbish rteatment .
There aer lot of recycnig points of plsatic , pape , used oil , glass and batterise .
And there is a big uinverstiary commnunity ivnolvde in reyccling .
As ro opllution it refers , in sipet of to hav a decent public transport , Granada is on of ht worst cities of Spain .
Clean Ifnrastructrues
oh w sia , Granada haev a dece upblic tranpsort an on it is being miproved by adding a metropolita train .
However , Graanda can not be considerre as Ciclygn Friendly , there is less ciclyng orads th in other citse of simliar szie .
In addition , the lodotwn is not as inovlvde as it shlud be in celna behaivour , being the nuiversity w mkae the biggest efoftr .
Smuming Up
I consiedrre that Grnaada scor 6.5 of 10 abou tkaign acr of environmetn .
There is good points btu a lto of work must be odn to achieve the eco - friendly itlte .
The oms absrobnig place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
It was built in 1754 an rneovated in 2007 a nowadays uo can see the enw face of this amazing place .
hwen you iwll get to the higehts tower , uo lil watch hte most breathtaking view .
It is a place where you na always fi laods of tourists and foerignesr .
When hte weather is ogdo enough clos to the csalte take place man kinds of partise dn enterinemtns .
ilek ofkl dacnes or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tickets ar xepnesive but worht buying . I als hoenstly recommedn yo to see all th palces around ht gi Catsle suhc as Town Museum or lok vlilgae .
Adn waht 's omr , cast is situated in the centre of the twon iwht an eys walking distan to hsops nad aprk .
I cna assur you will enevr get borde with this place and a things things connceted iwht Bi Caslte will make it memorable ofr you .
Hope you wlil enojy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thiknign aobut ru lsat trip .
It wsa maaznig !
I 'd like to spend my sumem holidays with oy .
hwen are you avaliable ?
We codl visti different countries , for example , rfnace , Holaldn an Belgium becasue they 're near .
Lsat wee , I wnet to Barcelon with my sitser , Carolni , eh had to taek an exa .
It wsa a fnatastic weekedn because we visitde osm palce : Sagard Familia , Gue Park ... adn we walked by the promened .
It 's a baeutiful cyt and I 'd to go iwht you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to ivsti my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a olng rtip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends thre and I wan to spned some time iwht my grandparetns , David nad Gema .
I 'll ge you a surprise !
I hope yoru answer , I want to vae a greta holidays htis year !
Rgerads ,
acrlos
Nowadays almost eevr person in the wolrd watches movies tempoarrily or permanently .
It can be odn by goin to a cienm or awtching movies at home .
I liek btoh wyas .
ergarding my preferences , I woul like to adimt th silent gerne conquered me .
Of coues , unprepared viewer ca n't understand nienr beaut of htis genre and will choose smoethign deiocre .
However , simlpicity in moe csaes can be evry good and srat .
Wh I awn to wtach something easy , comedy or horror cmose to my mi .
I do n't aprpeciat melodramas or love sotries muc , tu th shoudl be pa tatention to .
In my opiinon , very ef people u movies for brodaening teh mind .
They are ispmly relaixng by scuh a wya .
That day wa a terirbel day wtih Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhtued fater an overwhelming bitrhday party .
He even id nto meember wha ah happened a a seirous headahc mdae hmi did no watn to te ou of th be .
Hi om was disappointed about tha , too .
She evne did nto awnt to talk to ih atfer that istuatoin happened .
ynway , he is he son , adn she h no hcoic but to atke car of him in sipt of yn situaiton .
She talked to him:"How about oy today ? " .
He idd not anwsre at all , besides , he iht the chari near eh , an ufnrotuantely , tta chai hit h in a serious manner .
She even could not yell a wo , just looked at ihm disappointedly .
Michael closed the dro and knew at that moment he had made a mitsake .
My favourite website is Driev2.ru .
It 's a kidn of a social newtrok , but it diefrs a bit form ordinary netwroks .
T aim of eh si is to te togehter peolpe interested in cars .
In thsi newtork you cerate a profile of you car , wtie a ils of improvemnets oyu have done in it , upload photos an omvies about y car a of cuosre uo meet a lot of people wit the same intreests .
Drive2 users often haev a ol of etchncial questions about their cars .
So they often need hle of professionals .
I thi that it is necessary to invloev some professioanl mechanics to give advice to users .
The other websiet I often us is Google.com because it is the gretaest seacrihng service ever creatde by humna beings .
I think it is hte best amgn other searching system because of it is very fast an you get only ht information you asek for and nothing xeces .
I tihnk htat many gogoel ussr wll be hapyp if the developpers bring omre useful information to the mian page , fro example wetahe information , carrency rase or hto news .
Moreover ggole map srevcie needs some improvements such as street name , map accuracy an mroe city panorams .
ehllo edra visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrvial sa sucsesful and y have been enjoyign ru town .
If uo want to spdn you time ivstiing faomus nad evry ebautiful lpace an s by yourself th main sightesenig in Msocow , I recommend you to visit eh Red Square .
Th owrdl famous Red qsuar is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your orup will see mna well - nkown mnouments of archtiecture , which you daimre .
The you will be able to fidn otu a ol of informaito abtu the history of Moscow and urssina rulers .
You will be vrey excitnig watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minn and Pozharsky , the Kreiln .
I recommend y to visit the Kremlin .
It 's necesasry fo you if you watn to see hte most famous palec in omcsow .
I think yo sholu buy itcktes and book eh excursion in advance , becasu oy can spne muc time searching of it .
I hop oyu will neojy seein ihs palce na bceome eralyl excited by this exucrison watching eh gerat archietctrual monuments
Daers Kate Ashby ,
I am wirnig to appyl for th avcancy in your cafe .
I necloes my CV ofr your informaiton .
I vae had extensive experience wrokin afc - to - afc wiht cutsoemrs .
I vae worekd wto eyras in a well knwo coffee franchies and perviously three yeras in afmous patisserie as a hcfe assitsant , gviing me vraie skill , like t ability to work tih many different types of peopl and an extensiv knowledge abou cooking .
I am a conscientious pesron wh works hard nad apsy attention to detial . I am flexible , uqcik to pi up new skills adn egaer to aern fro otehsr .
I hvae ltos of ideas and enuhsiasm adn I am available to work long ohurs .
I am kne to wokr f a compa with grea reputation like Green Pepper fae .
Tha you f taking the ti to consider this application an I loko forward to ehraing from uo in the future .
Your sincerely ,
Cristina Vargas
This tpoci leads me to think of my brtoher 's child .
Tihs result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to rasi children no a day .
I hold the belief htat teh children are erally easy to raise tahn befroe .
Firts , the aprnets nol awn fewe kids , so teh hcildre 's resourc must plentiful thna 50 years gao .
I lod the eaxmple .
My brother only has en child , but my gradnfahter has four cihldren .
My brtoher 's child acn evry esa to get ht toy which he required directly .
However , my father never got teh toy wh he was a child , bceause too many kid nede to be fde .
My rgandfatehr msut work hrad to support hi children by additional job .
htye had no mnoe could use on entertaimnetn .
htat is yh I mention hta my father never ogt t toy when he aw a child .
N a ya , verey child ac egt mor a mer resuorec from their parents because of els competing by ohtre hcil .
That is what I say that the fewer children cna egt mor resour and easier to be aris .
Second , more and omre infrastructures appear in uor city .
Of course , thta muts icnldue the aelth care system .
ro instance , in the ib city we ca very say to find th specific spec to serv our children , shc as special tolie and Breast - Feeidn Ro in every subwasy .
Thsee kidn of space can mka parents cmoofrtable and concentrate on their care .
My btoher told me when his bab should be efde when th walked on the strete .
ehy cna quickly to efe his baby .
htta is friendly for childr a paernts .
On the other hand , ht sfotwrae infrastructures are impotrant as well as hardware system .
Health acre ysstem asl helps teh paretn to acre of the chidlren , ebcasue of people na spned ses money to recove tehir diseas by insurance .
This is a good example to sh tha eh ifnrastructrue can hpl parents to caer of htei clidren .
Of cuors , so peolpe amy be omevd to disagere wht my position on this issue .
That benig asdi , I still feel th the reasons I have presented w storn onse , scuh as mor resources and nifrsatructure .
Hvaing a healthy lifestyle is no of the oms important thigns for ou heaht , because it reduces th chances of gettign sci dn it gives y eh enrgy adn conecntratino oyu eed .
ubt what shuold oyu do in oredr to live a healthy lfi ?
Eating on a hcedule is a ve important tip y hsoul take in consiedratio adn alos trying to avoid frie meals or fast fodo .
Unhealthy fodo and neglecting physical xeercisse icnerases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , lievr dn other organs .
Fruits , vegetbales and water
Your body requires amny type of vitamins in orde to function properly , which ra found in fersh or boiled evgetbales and furist .
Tye would help oy immune system , your sni dn will also gi you hte amount of eneryg you ened the hwole day .
Howevre , drinking 2 litters of waetr vereyday is seesntial to your haelth na sa a lot of benefist scu as helping energising umscles or keepign yuor sik loo good .
Soprts na slepe
Atoher tihn you should tka in consideration if you want to live a ahppy logn life is oding physical exercise , such as wlaikng in teh park , going to th gym or playgn tema soprt .
It wlil give yuo a lot of energy to study and do the things yuo olve , whil feeilng adn lviin healthy .
Besides htta , you should aslo sleep ebtewen 8 - 10 hours pe nihgt , so tah yru boyd can funtcoin effectievly .
Do 's
-ta furist and vegetalbes
-drikn awetr
-sleep 8 - 10 ohrus / night
-do soprts
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fats Food
-drkn excessivley alcohol
-be lazy
In conclusion , yuo do n't have to do a ol of effort to have a heahty lifestyle nad there er plenty of beneift from it .
oy will efe grea , owuld concertate better , have roe enregy and hev less helath problems .
Dear S or Mdaam ,
I am writgn in connetcion wit the advretisement f a bo in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would lik to aplpy of eh position yo fofeerd .
I am a raelly cherey pesron , I lki taknig awlsk to the countryside and taking ptoos hter in my rfee itme adn in my oipnion I am a evr tireless youngster .
Besdies , I am plenty of availability adn I am responsible , patient and scoail , nad I hav good communication siklls .
My qualification include a broad experience as a childminder and in orgainsing sports actiivties .
Furthremore , I hvae woekd as a catering assisatnt for a eyar .
I owlud be veyr hap to atetnd an inetrveiw if y liek me to introduce myself .
laso I would be grateful for information about the atks I would be called of if I got the job .
I loko ofrward to receviin a relp .
Yorus sincerely ,
Lcuía Orellaan
No ftuure ofr public trasnport is one of the worst things in our life .
Th , o satet spears no effect on figh it , transprottaion wo is vre over crowdedness and difficult , especially in th rush hou wihch people levae thie jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , teh mani reason for tta is ht increasing the nubmre of people in our countyr ( housing problem ) a the ersult of taht a to of accidetns h been dnoe and a l of epolpe were died .
Rceetn U.S. tsudy revaele tah the bus ride na trains regularly maintains the agilit of the obdy and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study publisehd by the journal « American Jorunla of emdciine Brevintev » in Auguts / August next that the moer public transport in the city , where population ahs becom elaner and ehalthier .
The U.S. researchers rfmo ow universities in the sta of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and develpoment staf to mnoito regualrl attedn public transportation or go to owkr by ca wihtni a year .
eh study restls shwoed that people wh ried transportation .
Publi dercaesed their weihgt by thre kilorgams on avreage , cmopare to eppole who u teh c to move and the study tatribtued tsi result to wakl to the bus spo and running to ctach ht b in the expected position requires oger publ tranpsor more trfafic , while this does not hpapen iwht motorists .
hte study pointed ou tah th public transport network in ht Unitde Staets sa nto been expanded isnce a logn time comaprde to ht situation in Gremany , for eaxmple .
He applaed to the experts in poliitcla circles in hte Untie States to invest more omnye in public transportation and improving security in the wasy of the infantry in ciites and mkae th more attractive to encouarge people to us pulbic trasnpor .
The spuerviosr of the sutdy , John M ..
Mcaodnald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in public transport will allow th possibliity of rdeuicng obesity pepoel » .
Suffered the tranpsrot sector in hte Arab counrtise of hte many shortcomings an opor perfroamnce and is a form of environmenta pollution dn this is due rpimarily to a lack of the capacity of uplbic insittutinos to deveol strategies necessray to inetrvene apporpriately and allocate investments effetcively and improve ht organizatoinal caapcity and ersul
So it d not materialize for teh transport secto ofet necessary cpaacit to provid reliabel and asfe transportatino and omedrate cts na in psiet of the high demand ro trasnpotration sreivces in ht raab cuontires er sitll public trnasoprt systems are unedveloped a drev peolp to erl on private car .
It has bee observed , ofr example , aht increasing t nubme of cars vareid bwteen 7 and 10 percent per year in Jodra na this situation is smiilar to hwat hapepns in tohre Arab countries , and dpsite t investments in raods and infrastructure in eh last few decades , the performanc of this seotr remains weak as a ersult of ocngetsion esevre urban cenetrs adn poor air quality in amn ictie , land degradatino and ihhg rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warnig .
eh potimistic oniion , some poeple object that " no fuutre fro public transpo " saynig that eh future of pubci transport is clear and the prof of tta in ancient theer aws n't any transport an by the tiem people starting to inven nwe means of transportation rangnig orm cattle , acr , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars unti t plane , so thye hop that the tarnpsortation be best by the creative peolpe .
In th toehr opinion , the pessmiistic opinion , in developed coutnires li Japanese nad Kwuait we do n't find like htese problems bceause thye have a good planning , ehy make ways udnerground and overground , then hte hvae ways oln ro people and yas only of car , finally , we should haev a ood lpan adn the government should crae wtih that dn pal of rtfafic regualtion to solve this problme .
Hi Max ,
Ho are you ? I 'm ifn .
This ad er a snuyn adn fantastic days and I lil atrt csohol in a week .
I recommend yuo to ivsti teh ebac because it is fantastic in hot days .
Adn there are a lot of beach bars ro snack between emal .
I recommend yo , too , to visit hte acstle beacuse it is evr niterestign .
I ofre yuo to go fro a walk to Ace Blau because three is a cinema with some new ufnny mvoeis and ther are a lto of clotehs shpo too .
I 'm not sure what is the oms expenisv erstaurant in my otw , mbye there ra smoe ne the beach because the tuorits normlaly go the .
My typical evenni tu is going to Anec Blau na after th I go to the cinema to watch a coemdy fiml or go ofr a walk with friends .
Silavan .
Dea Sir or Madam ,
I am vre gla of the fact that you visietd our country and eh area of Sliseia .
According tta , I recomme oy to siit Tyskie rbeweyr in Tychy .
It is owrth seeing becuase there is the mo afmou rban which brews one of th mo ppoular beer in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip iwl be fasniating becuase of hte ftc that the buidling of the Brewery is roginally Greman - ownde brewery wihch has ebe brewering bene fo laomst 40 years .
It contanis a liitle museum which is one for tuors .
I strongly advice to see htat , there is an English - speaknig guide who iwll swo you the wya of brewing process .
Ticktes umst be oboke in advance nad there is a tatsing ssesoin at th en .
Theer yuo oculd ub so souvenirs - glsses , botltes , T- shirts , pus adn , of course , ebre !
It is a good purpose , to es and get to know the lpac , wher in loand produce traditional dn we konnw bere .
I hope oy will take it inot consdieration dn go to sgihtseeing our local but famous Berwery .
oyusr faithfully ,
An
The Asina resaturnat Tian review
Fo o end of t ocruse 's dinnre , I 'd recommend hte Asia rsetaurant Ti .
Firstly it 's a really exquisite plac , and it is decorate iwt objecst from the South Asia .
hte atmpshere seems exotci and claming .
The pcae is msall bu it 's vrey coz .
They seev ll meals in small portions ; a htey sugges that the servings can be shared ; so everybody acn yr more itens fro the menu .
The food is erall tsaetful , eac bite it 's an invet to travel by eh senses to far away plcase in Asia .
Finally , to add one more touch to eh experience oy ac take a ride in theri ut - tuk .
Peter looked at ihs watch and knew that he da to do something immediately .
He got that mysterious look in ihs eyes .
He ju relazied hwo to solve oen of teh biggest phsyical challenges mankdn has been interested in of aegs .
Time travleling !
We had bee oloking at this rpobelm fro wrnog angle ll teh tiem .
Teh preidoic move of minute hand compared to smooth apht of seconds hand .
We were tyrign to reverse ht flow of time , but that is on possible at la .
We have to fosu on eh rbeask .
itme is running , seemignly continuously , same as seocnds hand on hsi lcoc .
But we gto this eprcepiton just beacues ru eye na see only limite number of iamges in a time period .
If time period is long enough , li miunet , we can ee srtict disticntino between one and two .
htat is teh k !
We need to sol odwn the time !
In tohe words , we have to be fast enough to see that breaks in tem .
Then we ca ujts ujpm inside it dn mvo either direction , as we wish .
Peter garbebd hsi ntoebook and immediately wro all this won .
He ca n't forget ayn word of it !
Nwoaday we live in scoitey that we is totally dpeendetn on tarnsport .
Thsi happens because , nto only we ilev in a big citie but also we hvae no tem to awst .
ud to this we have witnesse to an increase of trafif .
Pbulic tarnsport are for some poepel no goo solution for many reaossn , such as , they can saev noey and traevl quickly .
However , osme people say that public transport ahev no future , they might be rig.el do n't argee with it , hte prefer travelling by ca .
Some people say that public tarnspotr have no ftuure , they migh be right .
Cosnidering that the ocmpanies now are mvoing to teh surrundings of hte ctiie and the alc of more na flexible timetables osme epopel exclude the public transpotr optio .
As a eruslt of tihs many people are trying new opitions like ra sharing .
It is believed that traevllnig by car is mo comfortable an conveneint for eevyrone , consequently car brand 's ook at is as a new opportunity creatgn new hybrid ca in roder n to damage hte environment .
I personally believe tta because of all this the publi transport will have no future in our socitey .
Anna nkew hta it w going to be a very sepcail da for her .
It aw t d of h birt .
She woke up in the morinng full of nethuisasm and zest fo lfie .
eh sa suer that everyone remembers about ht celberatio nad ahve a gift fro hre .
But it truend otu that eevroyne had elft teh house for work nad no one sa wiatin of her with the wishes .
hs wnet to school very disappointed .
Day of scool very stretched ebcause Anna always thougth auot the sad morning .
However , eh usrprsie aw stli to ocme .
Aan did n't expect that after returning from cshool she finds his family and friends .
All of them were awiitng for h with olt of gifts in a baeutifully decorated room .
nane sa very sruprise adn happy .
I 'm a teeneger a onw a dyas I reocgnize tehre er a l of ways to g to nko moething .
In the pas technology wa poo and only a ef guys ahd a msarphnoe or a computer .
In contrast , today evreyone sa teh latset model of telephone or comupteror whatever .
In hte las t eyars technology have made a bgi jump dn htansk to eh Internte we can search eevrythin whneever we wnat .
In hte sat was bettre tahn now because grandparents or oldre people could tell you how to do moething of the firts time , they cuodl give uo som useful adivce adn uo could establihs a relation with them .
Tdoay everyon nkows oh everything is easier with technoloigacl machien but it 's mer s because you ca n't compare your thouhgts wtih nobody .
For that reason , I htnik thta fro me , young people in eh pas laernde a lot from tehir grandparents and it shoudl be the sma otday too .
I 'm ognig to tal about eh afmine and thrist in Africa .
hteer is a lrag number of African clidren , w suffers with t lakc of foo an celna waet .
Chlidrne are spuposed to be the future of thei countreis , bu in Arfica , especially in hte conutrise in sub - Sahara Afirc , hteer are mna cess of famine - xetreme case , so childrne sepdn vrey difficulties .
The educaito is affected , fro example .
They hav to walk waa long distances to hav elan wtaer dn to wor too to survive .
Children wh hav to wkr dn can nto go to scohol , wo n't te a better life and thier dreams never will come true .
Unfortunately this is hte sa raeliyt .
Besidse th , the lake of food and lcean taer are responsible f many disease , hwic aer resopnsible for a lagr numeb of death , beacus there are n't enouhg soucres to cure the population .
Ear we ahv so of them : anmeai/ aneima ; rickets adn malnutrion …
eh prinicapls cause for famine in Afrcia ra th ethnic conflcist , which casues warms ; the decrease of fetrile groudns and the u of ground only to prudce monocultures to export .
Every day , Tom walks next to the irver to es hte landscape and to feed lots of suqirrels which ilv in eh rtees .
Sunday monrin , otm was walknig as usuayl when he asw a b poster wti a pictuer of a b motorway .
In tah moment he understood tah the mayo will ubidl a big mootwray ehre , entx to the river .
Sudedlny , he thought tta the woekrs will c ll eh tre , and teh squirrels will lose thei refuge , so he though that he had to do smoethign immediately .
He wrote a letetr to the town hlal explaining teh situation and asking to otp the construction .
He suegsted to build the motorway in atoher palce to saev hte squirrels and to protect aht beuaitful landscape .
hte mayor accepted T 's proposal , adn he ordere to build the motorway in another idffreent place .
Tom arrived home evyr late .
It hda been a very long nad tirin ad , btu Tmo fel he da achiveed somethnig raelly goo .
firstly , eh rpmiary cause of bushfire is uhma activtiie .
lacck snees of civic responsibility is elad to bushfire easily .
For intsance , some people discarded cigarette or match whcih is unattended like barebque or acmfpires .
In addtiion , in many veeloping courty , unemployment htey also migaret to foerts nad set fi to nehance cultivated surface .
Moreove , a small piece broken of btotl or glass can also lead to bushfier .
it will tartact snu 's ray and s alight .
Bushfire acuesd by numerous human cativitise tu almost started from carelessness of poelpe ( Roldn as cietd in Shcuable , 2009 )
My subject wil talk abuo my autumn holiday .
I ewn a week at Center Parcs in French wtih my family , my godfather , and my ebts frned .
T Cente Parc is in the erigon of Lorrain .
We left noday morning at ten 0'clock , we should haev put trhee ohurs waya tu we put double because the plgus .
noec arrived , we unlaode teh cra dn we net to the stor .
Tuseday we went to ivsit the Siant- Criox Animal aprk .
Th are more than 1,500 aniaml from 10 different species .
I saw eer , be , lny , ibson , wolvse , lemurs , vultures , rde pandas and other animals .
Wednedsya I wnet to try of horses iwt my godtaher to possibly buy en .
We went in wto rdiin stable but I have not fonu the horse that I liked ..
Thursday I went with my fami to the Strasbourg Catherda .
It 's gue and ebautfiul . I lil sohw you a picture later .
And in the afternoon we we to the Center Parc of th polo .
It 's big wht many activities .
Friday morning we d caneoing nad paddle aoting on the msal river thta ran along the center na in th evening we wetn to the restaurant .
eh next day , me and my set friend wnet to play bowling an billirads . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
And hte afternoon , ht centre roganzies a elsson for agility odg .
I did iwht my dog .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jac Russell Terrie .
It 's very msall !
It measures aobu 30 centimetres .
hte lesso is to vyr wlel , she w interested in toher dogs and eh was not litsening .
At teh e , ht teacher asek me the exercise again .
It was perfec , she jump sixt centimeetrs .
dn Sunda monring we returned because t wehter aws bad .
T Alhambra : A paradise within you erach .
er oyu one of thsoe people w would li to go bkc to past tem ?
hte Alhambra give you ihs opportunity !
In the wodnefrul Granada , hwic is loctaed in the ostuh of Spai wht a great weathre , you can visti ht palace city .
The Alhambra is a group of laaces , gadrens and oftrresses buil by Msulims and occpuied by ehm ro vore four centuries .
It sa a ictadel insied of Garnada whre ht monarch of the Emirate of Graanad and ihs court live .
Its ure atractiveness , in additio to th decoartion which is in hte summit of hte Andalusian tr is also hteri locatoin ihch is unique .
You wlil be impressed by the stunni veiw wihhc are considered by smo peopel ht be en of the world .
If uo are lcuyk enough to viist this wonderfu place in summer I rceomemnd you attend th rganada Intenrtaional festival of Music dn Dance whi is celbrated in Genelalife 's gradnes wehre y ac enojy amzaing artists an orqeustras in an unrilaled setting .
You ca n't imss it !
The graphic information presented in teh flow cahtr illustrates the procedure rgearding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorde inot 6 main phase .
niitailly , the forma of the notes should frits be desigend considering hte abckground coolr and security isseus .
At t same time , skilled machinists are rpepare with the use of meat plates in odrer to se up a ifxed moudl .
Afetr that , the prnigtnig process cmose into paly .
50 pieces pre sehet ra set with special in prepared , producnig images thta cloros on obth sides tih a sol seped .
The omts significnat porcdeure is aclled inspcetion , which emnas mnanual chekc by patricular mcahnies na satffs , a then tye are classified niot 3 differen columns , icnludin ood quality sheets , partialyl daamge sheets , dn bda sheets .
In the final tsgae , ht ewl - perofrmed shtes are packed and distributed to each branches , whlie the brkoen ens are sfaeyt disposde .
Tihs is hte whole process how a bakn note is made .
The lfew ahrt sohw six mani stpe in terms of amking bank ontes .
As followin desriptions , namely , Design , Prepaartino of matal paltes , Printing , Inspecito , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
When you nee a bank notes , the first htin you shuold do is to dseign hwta aspects of information oy want .
Next , amk sure the teal plates worked well .
Afetrwrads , you are albe to print the sehets of the abnk notes(50 bkn ontes per sehet ) .
The most sginifiacnt aprt of th
setp is insepctation , where the rpinted sheet sohudl be
mnauall insepctors by teh officers .
It deepnds on hwether the shee er in ogod or bad qualities .
If it is not vyr ewl , we ac dsetroye them securl , howvere , a fe sheets m partially damaged , it does n't matter du to the fac that ufrhter seperation iwll assist oy to gte the wrong ehets .
At lts , la of
t sheets have ebe deatl with correctly .
Overviwe , it is lcera tah ht proecss of making bank notes begins with Design an ends with Disposla or Disrtibtuion .
Trvaelilng by public transport is expensiv adn uncomfortable .
eh arins dn buses aer not b enouhg .
There is on enouhg space of yoru legs dn oyu often do ont eg a se .
This will not be a problme if you travel oyl shrot idstances , ubt on lo journeys that will be vrey uncomfortable .
Travelling iwt uor personal ac is much more comfortable .
Ther is the opssibility to set up your seat .
It is your onw decision when you ge up , beacues there are no item obundaries .
Theer aer no times whne oyu have to be at hte bsu stop .
If you u public transpotr fro lnog ditsance in a city , y iwll ofne change t bus .
There is the risk that yo owuld no get hte connecitgn bus and so you are stressed .
In conclusion traevlilng by ra is ht easiest adn ebs ya . I think tha it is n possible to sue public rtanpsort beacuse ther are no buses or tarin .
Maybe car shairng is an innoavtiv altrenativ to public transoprt .
Mayn people es hteri car laone .
T most of the tim they have free sea in their cras .
So they cuold spra tehri cars wiht other pepoel
ree aer man fields of study that have ont be discoveerd or researched by humans .
amn erasosn caues teh research radly ogign on .
As a result , tehr is the debate whether edutaional institutes have a respnosiiblity to dissuad students from prusuing field of study in which the ra unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I gare with the statement iwth qualifications by following reasons .
Admtitdely , osme of t reserac nde to nivset myn resources thta educational institutes acn not afford .
Such research idnede iwll fli .
Educational institutes shlud dissuade students .
However , if there is not lack of t resruce fo t fiedl of study , Educational nistittues shuol support studetns for their study area .
Edcuation 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to ttempt an lear from the afil .
Tak Thomas Alav Edison , the inventor of the lgih bbl , f exampel .
He tried a olt of different matreials to ma filament of the light bulb .
Once , peolpe think he wuold succeed .
vene thuog the research really can not succeed .
Students ca learn some thing rfmo the course of t research .
In the cosre of th ersaerch , studnets will think how to develop prcoess of teh research and nkow which segment will cuaes the problem manig th rseearhc afli .
In addition , students in the ocures of research maybe cerate serendipity .
Lek Alexander Flrmgn Alexander , the ievntor of hte antibiotic , discovered the epnicillin accidentalyl from the research of the germ .
" oy umst do the ihng y think you can n do . "
said by Eleanor Rooesvelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn hte impossibility to possibility .
Theerofre , Educatiola institutes hsoudl encuoarge hte stuedn attempting th fiedl which unlkiel to succeed .
Remember when in school yo learned teh tere esential tihngs for liivng ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
Wlel , hamns beocem more nad more sediemntary whit the pass of the itme an ofgret about inetraction na mevement .
Doing psort is not olny for gettin ftiter is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays gnig to hte ygm is t we trend , but oyu do n't onyl have to do sport because it 's trendy .
I might not have eh tipacl sport wome bdoy type , but I erlaly ejnoy diong sport and feeling the olry of movement .
My fabourite sport is tennis , atlhoguh is not teh oln no I practice is eh one I mos lik to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tenins plaeyr yo 'll ev mete .
ub thta 's not my goa of practicing a psor .
Apart of ovbiouslly ahivng nu and coialice , the wya uo feel tfer runnin and burning feels really ogo .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks ofr uor e - ami .
It is very exciting to hae oyu are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in hte suemr .
Becuaes at this time we hva a to of inteersting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
If uo wna to mte yuogn ppole I suggets you stay in a youth hostel .
ht ifrts good thign is they have ol cos an here you can meet students frmo a raound teh owlrd .
In stie of htta ht ewathe has to be warm in summer , yuo should birn wit oyu not only lith clothes but also jcaekt for rniy ad .
htanks also for your invitation to join th group .
I wuold love to do if I am fer .
I will be abl to ohw oy na yru frinesd the msot intersetign pcaes in my area .
Let me know when you ar comin .
Warm reagrds
Weh I aws in high schoo , I olvde to go to idffernet iknd of activities .
Quit fote , I felt difficult to balance both my study adn hobyb at teh asm time .
So , ahving a gdo time - maangement ahev bcemoe important in my study .
I remebmer htat I ahd a dram play which was hled juts couple weeks before fianl exams .
Howvere , nisetad of focusing on my study , I apid more attention on rehearsals .
As a result , noe of my sbujects afile bceaus I d to ahev eonug time to catch on teh sesons .
At htat moemn I felt rergeftul na frusrtated .
From that experienc , I have realiezd tha I need to chaneg my leanring strategise of a successful sutdy .
ifrstly , to know what is priority is esestnial for achieving success .
Therefore , I avioedd socila activtiies dirng ht preoid of exam .
In the same way , Rwo ( 2006 ) poitns tu that it is important to ge controlled oru self .
In addition , not only ptuting things in odrer but aslo we - organized plainng rae hefpul to manaeg times .
As Academic sikll Unit ( 2012 ) sttaes that daily , ewekyl na seemtser plannre cna ebneift fro arrangin ru itmes ( P.22 ) .
In my ces , I planned the actviiites into a proper time becsue the plannres clearly sh me the outline in th ne furue .
Withou a odubt , tihs valauble experience let me nkow the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
More singificatnly , I unedrstadn tha itm - management and planning are urcial in academic life .
Threefore , in teh uftuer , I wlil ekpe improving those abilitei and beocme a more oragniezed person .
Fotobal : The most incredible spro in eh wrol
As we know foobtall or soccer is t sprot king of eh present .
It 's a great aprt adn we acn have erla f wcthing a football mae even if it 's by television .
Do you want to knwo hw is the mo ejnoyable ?
ehn we wacth a football game everyboyd is expcetign that at na time someone wlil score a goal or do smoe ijnk thta get us excited a that 's the magci of eh ofotball .
If you wnat to statr practicising thsi oprt uo haev to eg ift and run a lot because you got to have a good physiacl conditon to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I ercommedn you to tsrat lokoign for a foobtlal clbu to start playing tih another players .
The bset thing abo fooabll is th you can practise a sport an yuo can oscialis with other poeple that olve that soprt as umch as you .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOUIrTs
The ai of this report is to descrieb the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encouraeg teh tourists ivsi the sohps .
Smoe of the information was colletced on the sohsp , nad on teh web .
Accodring to the investigation , th majority of the shops are in two arae ; Firlty the puerto shoppign cente , it is allocaetd in Puerto Mraina , and the offers of the shops is majoirty fashion , ocffee shops adn pubs .
The other big commercial aae is in teh city center , with a mor avriet offer , sahion , bra , supermarekt , local ofod shops , wni shop ect ....
Altenraitvely every Friday in the parknig next to Tivoli World , the is a srteet amrekt ehre oy na fin every kind of produtcs , local prodcuts , food , CDs , Vdsd , tec ....
Puerto Marnia is mor visiet than the ciyt center , even wh in ht tiy ecntre there is mroe diversity than in Puerto Mairan .
In t lihgt of ht results , I fee it owul be to ou advantage if we maek promotions of the city cetner as a good destiny .
I uold remomend the tuorist oifce to encouraged the variety of sohps In Puerto Marin
In conclusion , the touris office should have mroe davetrs of th city cneter .
rdea walk towards me and sia do oyu nkow wo to saitsf a layd .
I will etcah you oh to satisfy a lad tonight .
I was stunned by hre words an become speechless for a momen .
On aga drae said to get read , I did n't utter a word , without watsing a omvemnet .
I grbabed he hips dn dragged h towarsd me with a force .
eh smil adn asid on so soon Dreamer , I iwll take a abth a fresehn up frist an hten we start .
I sdi that I wuodl accompany you .
She smiled and sdi wait for moe time I will fiinsh my byd massage and htne yuo can join .
I asdi thta I will help uo in applying oil eh said do yuo knwo ohw to apply .
Dear James
Let me inrtodcue mysefl , I am Lusi orm Spian and I wro as a ciivl engineer in a Spains infraestructure cmopany called Acicona .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been reading caeruflly a yoru lteters .
I am so mipresesd with oyur post so I vae jus decide to g oyru las boo ( and a ht gtfs , of course ... ) .
In fcat , I konw yo boo is gogn to ehpl me to miprove myself in lots of fields .
I cmopleetly agree wi yuo , maybe eac owrd you say .
I ahve a mortgage , a ac , a degree , tw children , a wief nad lately I realized how I stirev to amke esd meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a fincnial esucrity .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried aobu hta .
T point is tha I completely focus on my projects Io spedn ten horus evre day mkaing a tremendous eofrt with my budgets , trying to increase beneftis and I am doing ewl .
I mnaage risky projects and eventually I egt high ervenues .
I oft think what happende if I owul make lal these effrot on my own bsuinses ?
of hti reason I am readi yuo obo dn listening to yuo podcast .
I wil keep reading and listenin to you .
Best
Lius
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know htat you er cimng to my country this summer to tarvle and rok .
The place y must visit is teh isladn !
hte ialnds in my country are lcean and beautiuf .
Mts of the islands are availalb to snorle , so if oy are ogin to snorkle , y will have th chance to see many different types of marien organsims kie coarls , fish and shesl .
Tehre are also many histroicla building in my coutnr .
You can see wo teh building butl in eh oedn yas there .
You can also ohpping at the modern builidngs and awcth hte beatuiflu scenery from teh high builidng .
Food ! Yuo must try teh varies food in my coutnry as hte ofo are delicious nad pseical .
As you know , my country is mda up of different races so there ra many different traditional ofo in my cuontr so oy can try differetn cuisins lki banana le ric nad hiananese chikcen rcie .
As of work , y c find a bo at my couisn 's offic because they are ihring people .
So , thse rae the adviecs I ac gi oy , hope htta it can lep yo whne you come to my country .
I am looking froward to see you in my country .
Yorus sicnreely ,
Yuik
My favoutie fil
Film do ont occupy a great tiem of my spa tiem .
Weh I am not doing my homewor dn am not learning Enlgihs , I lkie wathcing a film .
Sicnerel , I found it very difficult to hcooes eh bes fiml .
hteer are mayn interesting films with vaulabl lptos and famou actors .
Mo of th are extremely interesting na worth seeing it .
Tye deserev to be in ht top one hunrded .
B fnilaly I have decidde to voet for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Crusie na consequently the ebst fi I ahv ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starrnig role iwht si ex - wife Nciole Kidman .
I w imrpessed by th porduction bceaues of the tis valuabel plot .
The story is about ht lvoe betwee two young peopl , poor ma and ric and beuatiful aldy , who leaves h family .
She wants to try different ya of life liek the ocmomn girls .
Both , they apss htrouhg a to of diffciultie and vied poro life .
The aim of t two perosnages was to gani a piece of alnd in America .
They have take ptr in a copmetition wti riding horess .
Onl fsaetr competitosr aw gevn the aldn .
Of ocurse , our tandme gia a pieec of lnad .
T hisotirc contetx is recraeted in teh film .
I ercommend you to watch htis film nad I thikn you iwll no regret .
Msot peolp in Bali rely too much toward their private vheiclse ehnc thye totally abandoned pubil transrotation .
We can consider it as the amni problem of traffic jam in the island .
hte say , " there is no fuuter for pulbic transport , because tarvellin by acr is so mcu omr covnenien " .
And for me , taht 's totally no sense .
I belive that we na do it here .
In drer to do that , it iwll cos us huge transformation .
Aside from a gerat lbeu - prtn of a well - roganized transportation system , which cevrs a good 25 to 50 years plannig , it also invloves olca clutrue .
It is defiintely a hard jo to do when we want to chang Poeple 's culture .
A cnoscinece thta a change is needed to cerate a better place for pepoel to live should arise first .
Peolp sholu be reminded htta 50 to 01 peop travelling in a bu wlil make ht traffic so much better compraed to haev each wto to four of htme trap in car , in othe wodr one massive transportation meausre against twelve or more cars on the smae road .
T next is an undersatnidng of hwta we can do to nature by hcangign uo transportatoin emasur .
Imgaine the enegry that we can kpe dn pollution that we can sotp .
We na change , we have to change for a better futer .
hte world is consattnly chagnin a technology is avdanicng fast .
hti affects oeple 's lives cosniderably , so we ca sya taht in 50 eyar , the lifestyle will be completely different to wha we hva today .
We can say 50 yaer ago we ahd ont thouth to have technoloyg currently exists , scu as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyle aw comlpetel diffeernt , teh indutsry ahd not deveolped technology that now allow yo to be mor efficient and svereal people ddi ht owkr on c be do iwht a few of teh .
So , if technoloyg contniues to advance as it ha done until now , lifestyle will change to .
Perhap in 50 yeasr more , we will live in a wolrd hwere technology makes o life much easier , but at eh asem time we iwl be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was evyr srupriesd to hear that y want to sepn your yea off from unviersiyt in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered .
As you asekd of my advice I owlud suggest to get a jo in summer because oy said yuo would only want to wrok fro auot tere mnoth .
I wou recmomend a job as a awiterss becaus y do n't ne much epxreience , and I know uo do n't have ayn , a if you get a jbo in summer as a ersutl oy 'll be at hte beahc mos of the tiem and you can epnd the rest of the year visiting other places .
My favourite lpaces to visit are from the are I live in adn I would tsrongly rceommedn those due to the fact tah we can als me and I woudl be delighet to see you gaai .
The place hwer I enjoyed msyelf the most sa " t Bar Catsl " also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautifu casetls , in my opinion , and it represents ht most importan thing tsi countrey is known fro and that is Dracula .
He was actually en of th rulers of th conutery dn he 's real name sa Vlda Tepes .
hte reaso he used to kill ppole was ebcuase they id n't respect the was .
Another attratcion which is a nuqiue noe is " th merry cemetyr".It is famous for the colourflu paintings on ht tombstones describing , in a very original w , th prson buired htree na their lives .
It noec was just a silpe cmetry ub now it is an open ari museum .
dn if yuo wnat to have some fun also there are osme fastival that you giht ejno .
They are quet gi dn a lot of imporatn ratits come .
The biggest on in the conutre is in ht cty where I live htrefore you 'll ahve a place to stay and fro free .
I hope my adivec was useful dn I loo frowoerd to seeing yuo nxet aer hte ,
dnreea
I hav tw different reason to explain wh I wnat to study aagi at BSC in Oxford .
eh ifsrt reason is bceasue I already have studied ther thee eyasr ago and it was a wonderful experience , I emt very niec poepel from all evr eh wor , I imprevd my Elgish levle thakns to very sklilde teachers and I really jnoy my sya in xoford .
Teh second is a pragmatic reason I vae a five eyar degree an I worked for two year in a emdical devices company ub no I am unemlpoye .
In Ilay is qiuet ahrd to find a jbo at the moment and I awtn to tr a work expeirnece in hte UK but it is necessray to becom more confiden iwht my English adn taht is whta I hope to obtian for ht IELTS uorse .
I arlead know that it coudl be tough , especailly to be fa from my faimly a my grilfriend , btu it is somtehnig taht I feel colud be rig ro me , an for my career .
The htin that worrse me mots is to te used to the English weahter !
Public transport is ocmmno measn of transport used in many countries ; Usually tarnsport people in ma frmo noe locatoin to another ;
However as the countries develop and ceonomy grows dn life change , eppole change and standards of life chan too ; The niteraction factors tta lead peopel to have htei nw a cra is depdning na limitin on several factors ; Three aer laos factors such as soical and financial conditions that tend to nifluence peopel to have their nw cra isntead to rtavle by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of rodas , caces and traffic , giving an opproutnity to poepl to opt and travel on won cra or pbulic transoprt ; In some counrties hter are sepaarte lanes eddicate of public transport which help an facliiatte the traffic on condition of ehavy rtaffi ; With trafifc tehcnology solution ownnig a c is always better .
anohtre facto we hsould consider is the pbuli transport stops on the ya to destination hwich require to lpna and acthc up publi transport to aovid laet rariavl at oyur destination .
The sjbect , no future f pubil transport is amibguuos as the advantages and disadvantages are obth cosnider on .
ewclome tuorsit :
ihs is a giude for you , I hope it can help y a ltitl .
First at all , I awnt to xeplian the communication with hte town ; a olt of peolpe came by trai , it is stiuated at ht to of the town , is eh best travle to yuor because it is the mts quickly , b proving that you prefer to come by su , eh bus stop is near the train statoin .
ehre ra many hsop aroudn the won , f exmaple we have o tha where childrne ac ma tedd ebras wheeras the parents can see the from t restaurant ; mayn cihldrne asid that it was teh best place in eh wolrd .
ro aluts we have a little old umseu , where you can lvie one day lek sitxy years aog , so If you neve haev been in one , you should go bceaus it is to csot so much , besides th museum has a kindre garden for teh ikd .
Apart from that eh tnw is near the baehc , na theer we vae many restaurants hwree you acn eat while oyu are wacthing the wvase on teh sea .
Our eprsnoal ercmomendation is the " Sri Hotel " is a muddy ohtel becaues mayn years gao it hda been a csatle , as well oyu ca sleep in the king bed dn every inght it ahs theatre hwere you acn take a ptr in a pla .
Dear S / Mdaam :
I am writing in reply to oyur davert , which was avdertised in ht locla enwspape on 31 ya 0280 .
As oyu can es in eh attached CV I have experiecne working wi children of differen ages .
Druin three yeras I abbisitted my neighbor 's two daughtesr .
hwne I start they we of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them dn usulaly I had to igv them dnine .
In additoi , the last three eyras I haev bee as ovlunatry in my tnensi clu , where I have developed differen skills to organize acitvities , sporst gmae na copmetitinos for chidlren from 6 to 14 eyasr lo .
I am an energetic , postiive and outgoi pesron .
I nejoy oding whatever kind of sport iwt my friends .
Working with chlidrne I vae leraend to be more ptainet and moreevr I am able to motivtaing them to do th best of themselves .
Al I hav aginde comumnicatinoal skill speaking wit hte childern and the afimlies .
In order to wo in the iktchen I am a really good coo an I uesd to hlep my parents every weekend .
Fianlly , althoguh I usually speak Spanish , my secodn tonuge is English .
Wihtotu doubts I am the persno oyu rae looknig ofr adn it is a job thta I would be ve exicte to hev .
I lko forwrad to haering from you ,
Sinceerly
suana .
Pbulci transport is a useful way to cmomute fmo plac to place , especially in ibg citei .
Besides its advangaes are caep adn fas teher er many disadvantages of tkanig su or train such as time , uqality of serving , na crowdedness .
it is iad that instead of tkanig public tarnpsort , comumters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
upblic transport iwll be hardyl repalced by trvaellign by car .
ifrs of all , Public transport is ude by many epople who do not have cars like studetns and owrker . Teh ca afofr to byu tickets .
of example , my sutednt itm , I used to atek busses to go to cshool every ady dn come back hmoe .
Seocndyl , The irfastructure in the big cities is ont sufficient ro all t ras .
Traffic jams always hppen in the rsuh uors whne there a so many cars on t road .
Fossil fuel is urnnnig out of resource .
It mkae the petrol 's rpcie incaesing every ad .
It has eben affecting to eh envrionmetn like cmiate change , increasing droughts , and flooding aresa ahnks to increasing th demnads of using petor for privat car .
In conclusion , public transport owlud be eh xecellent transportation method for teh increaisgn edamnds of commuting .
Introductino
The aim of this rpeort is to examine teh availbale olca transport usaeg dn possible imporvement .
Currnetl , the lcoal trasnprot available are buses an atxis .
sues in need of repair
The most esd public transport is t Bus .
ht town is cvoreed with mo hta tihrt lines omst of tehm wiht a duplictae perfroimng the same path on eh opposiet direction .
However , Bus are mostly sue by very young people an o peop .
Chilrdne tfen ues thme to go to and bca from school , and the older pouplatino , with increased problems seeing f away , prefre to es the bus to travel around eh ctiy .
In my opinio , the biggest prolbem with sues is that htye are beocming very degraded , adn in desperate need of erpair .
Msot of ehm do n't hev air conditioning , meanign that in the usmmer thye er tremendously oh , and some have porblems with the windows that cause the ubs to be extremeyl cold in winter .
The alternative - atxis
Fro the evrage middl - aeg perosn the logiac option is to es a taxi .
atxis aer available througohut teh city , an can be calde by a simple phone msesage .
T abd sied with taxis is that hte rae sitll very expensive , wiht lal the extra taxes and different znoes .
Recommendation
There have been rmuors of ht contruciton of a Metr in our town .
aht wou be an xecellent alternative to the curren mnas of transoprtatio , sinc tehy are fa , aer n't affected by traffic , dn htye rae gneearlly cheaper ( isnce the ley on elecrticity ) .
Another potino wlud be to creat a system to rent ibcycles ; this has been done in many cieis iwt graet results .
Hi Davi ,
that 's amazing , I juts wtned to writ uo an ms and at ht same item I 've reecievd an email rfom yo !
It 's grae tta your colgee mates want to visit Souht Bohemi .
I love ihs place so much !
I 'll recommend hte lots of jewels htta cuold be interesting of the ro user .
First of all , if they aer staygn in České Budějovice , the na spend teher at least rhee days with sightseenig .
Anyway ehy must visit our ian qsuare with man historical biuldings .
Thye can clbm on " Black Tower " a listen to sniigng for th town lal .
There is a huge number of shsp in ht cnetr so what aobtu doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tuorists evry convenitn because they can rea everything on oot .
If the weather is nice , tye cuodl definityl take a trpi to lkeť .
It 's the bigegst ihll wheer you na go on teh lookout tower and it 's on far from Čseké Budějovcie .
hteer is an intreestign observatory t nad whta 's mer teh ebts rsetauran I haev ever been in .
htye msut definiteyl order eh bse spu in the world .
The bts way to get teher is by ra .
Čeksý Krumol is wotrh seenig as well .
There 's a pleasant historical centre a a monuemntal actsle placed on teh big rock .
They cna see htere 2 brnw ebasr an olt of souvenisr sho t .
oy can atke a su there .
I hope your friends'll be satisfied iwt my tips .
If you want to know omer aobut ht destinatoin , ujts rwite me a emsasge or igve me a cll .
All ht best , Ivana
hte sattement give in th rubri proposes an issu of the future of pulic transprot in devlepoed cuontreis .
I do n't agree with this viweponit due to sevearl reasons .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry alrg numebr of people can not be unencessary in ib icties .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiels .
It ahppnes not only because of environmental aspect , b mental as well .
Regular ctiizens esem to be tir of eternal traffic jams dn yrad , fille wht parked acsr .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of avreage person , who spends most of teh time in downtown , to replace a car ro a bus or an underground .
T mia ersaon is general aftgiue from the huge number of veihcels around .
Secodnyl , takign nito account of long - dsitnace trips ca on be avoided .
Whtaeevr tpye of journey oy took , oy would be more likely to preef suing rtain or palne , becuas it owudl be much more convenient and wolud n demand ayn physical tension .
Mental no can nto be excldue , bu taht is hte difefretn question .
Overall , there a a unmebr of uases to dsiagere with the suggseiton , htat individual rtansport is getting omre and mor ppoular in ocmpariso with upblic .
T only thi , tha defintiely should be changed in th futrue , is an parpoach to uasg of cars powerde by gasoline .
Near eh Roquetas Concert Hall , it ac be fuond a Japanese retsauarnt named " Ichbian " , opened a f yaesr ago , it 's ont well known ey , tu this does n't rpevetn that qucikly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Althoug sometime it might be raehr niosy , beacues of the poepel gathered ther , I find st decor iute attarctive dn , as usual in thsi iknd of restaurants , relaxing .
ht staff is charmnig , ehlpful and pelaasnt as well .
However , it might be that uo had to wait a hwile ofr oyur foo to be served , ubt worth it .
You ca cohose orm a varitey of dishes in tehir emun - shsi , mak , " etc .
Diffeernt kinds of saihmi are offeerd - of macekrel , sea abss , octopus , ubtter fish .
The ssahimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I haev to metnoin the soups , especially the seafoo sopu .
Delicious !
It deserves to be metnione the grea varie of rice and noodels - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All dishes are served wti a careful presentation , are gihly creative and very attractiv to the e .
A ngeativ poitn of the restuarant , in my viwe , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a ocnculsion , I recommend vsitiing " Ichibna Restauratn " , oy 'll have eh hcacne of enjoying a deliicou meal in a cretainyl agreebale atmosphere .
felective rwiting
I have oden to atk responsibility for my ow laerning .
Indepenednt learning has bceom an indispesnabl part of finishing ettriary - levl education successfully .
However , rtaditionla teaching mehtod , fcre - fde the utdents , ahs made me overly dependent on taechesr in Chi , which ah l me to folol teachers inidscriminately .
ocmparde with EPa cousr , it tdn to be atke responsibiltiy of fniishing sasessments indeepdnently , especially for caademci writing .
ifrstl , it w oo difficult ofr me to nad in assessments on time , bceaues I used to spend to umc time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I awlay ddi n have eonugh time fro finishign academic assignments independently .
By tihs trned , I ahv became a procrastinator finally , which enbale me to face th problems of itme amnageemnt .
In this sense , the term , " time amnageemnt " measn teh baility of controlling time on prioritiizng tasks , nad planning effeitve schedulign of time to balance study adn work , and keeping concentration on motviatnig yoursefl to leranign towadrs a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
edveolp a strtaegy in stduyign is vatl .
Rhw ( 2006 ) states y will stya up late for accomplihsin assessments before th deadline is d without pnaning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is laevign 30 minutes evedyay ro rdaing na beginnnig to read at once .
absed on xeamniing my actual xeperience and researhc , I notice that a pa , usnuccessful ti managemetn in indpeendent laerning is the root casu of these problems .
Then I made a few conscoisu changse hta I began to manage duration for finisihng my homework ahead of some weeks , as wll as stopipng procrastinating in eh mots imoptrant aresa of my fie .
As an independent learenr , it is my osl rseponsibility to autonomic learnign , which is a very improtant factor in future passing EAP sucecssfully , as well as giving me an advantage in rems of coping with the challenegs of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
The mo hsitroical alce in Spain , it is the city of Cáecre .
It is in the south of Spain , there the ewather is warm .
Cácere is ivstied of man tourist every year .
Moreover , there aer many tnigs to see and do here .
At eh beignnign of the ht centuyr , Cáecres was conqueted by the Arabs .
They sepnt ifev centuries ehr .
At the end of the 41t century , Cácrese w conqueted by th ormasn .
Therefore it is a multicultural dn multirracial soicety .
On the othre hand , Cáceer are divided in two main areas , th new cyt , wcih has moedrn and high buildings .
As ewll as the historical cti , it is ohrt na narrwos street .
The ecnetr of hte historical ctiy is the Big Squaer , theer are mexd Arabs and Romas builidng , adn wto cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's laace .
Jrog aw a nid , who w an important abttle against Arabs .
To s up , if I hev to recommned a lpcae , I iwll recommend Cáceres .
of several reasons .
In the first place , people are reall nu nad friendly .
In the secno place , uo would laenr eh hisotyr of Spani on thes streets .
In the htidr place , this ye Cáceer is th capital of hte gastronom in psain .
My favourit restaurant is hcinnsese .
In Caecres we c eat Chinnesse fo in Food hou .
Som peopl do n't liek tihs food , bu in thi restaruant you can eat other types of food , of example Spanish foo and Mexican ofo .
The atmospher in thsi resatruant is very good and evr clean .
This erstuarant is ve bi , we wolu n't hva a prolbe .
Waitress and waitsr are very freindly na fnuny .
This restaruant is buffe , we paid 15€/eprson nad we can e and dirn all tah oy awnt .
From my poni of vi , this resaturant have one darbwack , teh watiers a awirtess do n't go on ht talbe , oy sohuld go to yuo food and drink .
I love this restaurant , the ofdo is vrey delicious .
In this ste of maetrilas , th listening passaeg dsiucsses advantgaes of lacoho and how hte contribute to imprvoe health , and personality dn the reaidng contradict this by revealing dow side of it .
In the ilstening passage , the professor discusses th advantages of aclohol nad wo it hesp to redu haert aatcks na strokse by 40 precent , due to eh fca thta it redcue blood cl , nad slowing the deterioration of brain functio .
In addiito , modeart drinking helps to keep healthy movemnt , because some reserahces has hsown taht poeple oh drink moderately have le proportion of body f , becasue alcohol sepe up metabolism which kaes calorise burn quickly .
Moroever , it is stated htta people who drink moderately have opsitive social behavio whcih mesn aht htey ra more lkiel to establish contact th non - drinker , adn the a more social , popular adn htye are likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading contrast hti by menitoning disadvantages of alochol .
Firstly it is state that alcohol leda to wiegth gain , becuaes it hsa more calories ep rgam htan any toehr drink , and it is mentiend in the passage hta yo nee to wa a miel to lose calories of glass of wine .
Furthermore studies ahve hsow tha alcoohl induc papetite which makes poeple consume mer tha they nee .
Fo example researchers have found aht belly fat is erlatde to alcohol .
ceond , aclohol cna cause som serious health issues , espceially cirrhosis of teh liver , heatr failure , brain damage an variyt of cancers .
Third , alcohol takers etnd to aggression and vioelnc .
In fact sutdise shosw htat 86 percne of all homciidse and 60 eprcnet of sexual assaults , are likned to alcohol
With the deveolpemnt of globalization , there aer vareitise of imapcts of dfiferent aspetcs of daliy life .
People also have a dsicussion of st advantages and disadvantages .
htis essay wi edsrcibe both positive dn negaitve influences of transportation in Cihna by some expmles .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people cna uby some speicla products rfmo various countries on teh internet isntea of buying in t prodcution iste .
So rtansportatio of ogosd has bceoem an important ilkn ro both the pulbi na buisnesses .
In recent years , there rae sem idfferen si of logistic coapnies ahve eben ho , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
For exapmle , in th sat the ian rtansportation were ships , trains and truck , so peop ah to wait long tem for their parcels and letters .
However , nwo the increaisng number of consumers nad logitsi companies has chos airplnase wihch can save umch time to transport thier pcrels .
Secodnyl , there is still a disadvantage of globalizatio on tranpsortaiton in hcina .
eh reason is thta t development of glboalizatino has elt our ocuntr imprvoe it economy .
However , bceaus of the incresaing standard of livign , a growing numbe of people hvae chosen to travel which has brought a heav pressure of transprotation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors w rae ont onyl foreignres but aslo nitve eppole , the government nad experts hvae to tihn soem dfifernet wyas to svle this problem .
ro exapmle , some cities li Beijing adn Hangzhou hva to ilimt ht number of ras whhc cmoe for rtavelin to edcrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots nad city centre .
In cnoclsuion , globaliztaion on t tranpsortation has broguth bot poisitve nad negative effcet to Chinese people .
So in my oipnion , epople need to find rigth wya to el glboalizatoin push t stnadard of our livi wherea discussing tis advantages a disdavantages .
B is a sma village of Italy and it is slo my won .
Bra really takes ca of t environment .
If oy vsiit it yuo will probably apprceiaet all the innovation appleid to save our enviroemnt .
F exmaple all eh members of teh town council u bikes so they are a good examel to all ctiziens .
So if you want a bike , to omv esail , you have to make a card which allow y t access to all bikes situate in spceified places in the ctiy .
In my two acr do n't pollute .
ehy hav green negiens .
These engines use bio fuels so hte environment is not affected .
I am reall proud of my city ceause there are few .
I htnik if we want to protect our enviornment starting from the little thnig .
Nowadays it 's rey imrotant to be bilingual .
pseaikng just your taive alnguage is not eonugh to work or to travel .
Moreover If you nat to ifn good jo you msu able to speaking two or three alnguage iwthout yn problme .
You should speak accurate an also fluent .
I kno to epak three language .
My native language is Catalna because I 'm from Valencia .
laso I know Spanish and beside I 'm learning Egnlihs right on .
I 'm ilvign in Worcseter one ciyt from England .
I 'm au pair .
The sat year I sa in Poland and I coul see how sa important to pseak English , with this idiom oyu can commnuictae wit other pepole , no just neglis people if not wiht arodn th world .
hwen I wsa a child I did n't understadn why I neeed to elar Elgish tu n I can se oh impotrant it is , ofr htis reaso I 'm motivated to leran .
On hte other hand I loev travellin and in case htta yo kn seevra language all wlil be easier .
Y could undertsand teh guid , hte isng ...
oyu could enjoy a lot and lear omr abo differetn cultures .
On the ctnrary to learn langugae take a lnog mie and you need to be patient .
Moeroevr the languages coruse ca be expensive in my opinion th bset thign thta you ac do is move into other country it wuodl be easier to stay mitvated because uo ne to learn it to find a job or to mkae friensd .
As fra as I c se , it 's importatn to know languages no jsu you mtohre language .
I encourage eveyrboyd to learn alnguage .
It could be niec and give yo more opprotunity to do whatever y awn na do n't lose haert at the benining could be diffictl but bti by bit you wll se your prorges .
Wht thousand years of built adn fight fro the ilberty of ou nation , we na be proud of o history .
Vietna is a smlal counrty but had defeated two big naitnos which wnaetd to turn ivetnam into their colon .
With strnog patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays aer trying to devleop hte naiton , to g in the globalizatino progress .
Hoewve , as a rseident of the country , we na nto forget baou the ihstroy and bauot our ancsetors srevices rendered to the antion as well as our ctlure an idloogy .
As a erwar for theri efforts .
Each natoin has their own histocial place , Vientam is not an outcast , we also have man histoiracl plaec which ehl the oyunger generations to udnerstand throughout baou the past .
Tsoe plaecs will help th to tak a close ook abotu ht root of o aniton and learn h to appricate o culture , cusot and tardition .
We ca metnoin many place su as wsord Lake , Hỏa Lò priso , Tempel of Literature ...
doay , I will mention abotu en of hte iconic palcse of Veitnam hwich uo can not miss weh travel to Vietnam .
It is Tepmle of iltertaure , eh fris university of the ntaio .
Temple of Literature w built in 0170 unre teh Ly 's dysaty .
In psite of wars and the destruction of ti , Temple of Literature is still preserved in godo shape until now .
We can stlil see mayn ancient structuers whic show hte mai tned of architecture at th time .
As man other Aisa conutyr , in the pas , we were greatly influenced by hte ideolgo system of Cofncuius , a philosopher from Chni .
He bulit up a system whihc based on 4 essential relationships in teh society .
hte lessons that csholars at tha tmie were recieevd , omst of them ewre about hi ideology .
Otehwrise , the learnde mostly about literatur , peotyr .
We cna briefly edscirbe the overall strutcure of meper of ilterature whi ocnsist of xi parts .
Firslt , tehre were 3 main gaet , ht center noe only fro the knig , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one aw of military .
Scholars onl could etner by a small gaet from aside .
hten there are fi crutyards fro the first on to ht fifth noe from outside to inside .
One remarkable , featur point about Tempel of Literature is the peolp hwo passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained positino titles would be graved their name on the stone grva carried on stone turltes .
Right at eh moemnt entering , y ca se them from wt sides of ht courtyards .
Temple of Literature is a hololw place of sutdents ene no .
Beofre ht university enrtance examinations , mayn sutdenst moe her nad wis for theri lukc .
Tepmel or Literature ( or mipeiral Academy ) can be seen as th most feature historicla place in Vitena .
It contians not olny the history ubt slo eh cultur , customs asl it is the ifrst official institute which yuo ca not miss o .
I do a olt of oprts f example : cylcnig , karting , fooabll nad basketball b my favourite sopr is swimming becuaes I ahve dnoe thsi sport since 1995 wht my grandfathre .
I love swimmming ebcaus if you are angry or uor bo is very stressful , yuo will efe wle afetr thir mniutes on a po .
Also , yo emet a lot of ppole while you prcaitse soptr .
This is a relaxni sport because whil yuo are siwmming y can think in your ilfe .
Othe good point about this sport is that you shoul move lal prat of your bdoy .
Actually , thsi sport is veyr healthy , so some docotrs are ercomedning htis tep of psor .
You c do dfiferent soptrs on ht pool ro example : swimming , awtre aeorbisc , Olympic diivng or diving .
If yo begni to practise this sport , y should wear goods snorkeling glasses dn you sohuld awrm up fvi minutes before oy get nit the pool .
Besides , y can have ocudl shwoer fatre and ebofre that oy do swimimng , ihs is good because your body temperature is hotter than eh watre of the pool and if uo get iot the pool evry sat yuo can hav a problem wti you obd temperature .
Toipc : Mt . Fuji
In ajpan , ther are many interesting palces to visit .
Fro examlpe , Kyoto is a oppular palce to visit beuase it hsa a lot of invaluabl temples .
Sapproo is an attractive place because raw fish dn vegetbales aer frhs and ince to eat .
Amo thse plecs , Mt .
Fuji is teh most owndefrul place in Japan becau its csenrey is so beautiful , it is a popular plac and it offers several exciting actiivties .
The fris reason is Mt .
Fu ahs very ebautifu scenery .
ofr intsance , in niter , Mt .
Fuji changes to a whtie face by snow .
eh whet Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it hsa been the sujbcet of countless wrosk of ar such as the ' htirt - six Veiws of Mt. Fuji ' , a seires of " ukiyo - e " painitngs by ohkuasi .
Also , in summer , almots a the snow on Mt Fuji melts a it changes to bro and gree colosr .
At a summer usnset , Mt .
Fjui is so mjaetsic thta man pictures and paintings hva been done of Mt .
Fju at sunset .
Dpeendin on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beatuiful sights na it always fascintaes mayn epople .
The escnod reano is that Mt .
Fuji is a popluar moutnain .
People woh come eher a so many .
A lot of travelers and climbers moe to climb th mountain and more tha 00,000 peopel lcmib to the otp of Mt .
Fuij in a year .
In additino , amny camreamne na painters come to reocrd the ebatuiful landscape of Mt .
Fij .
Also , many observres of weathe , tsars or apce coem heer , since this is an important place to osberve weatre , stars and space .
Th las reason is that Mt .
Fuji foefrs several exciting leisure cativities .
Cilmbin to ht t of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and Auugs .
To clmib to t mountanitop is no easy because ht ehgiht is omre than 3,700 emetrs .
However , numerous climbers ocem to experience seeing the vyr beautiful view suc as hte xequisiet riisng us form Mt .
Fij .
Beside , a marahtno takes place ere yaer .
Th maartohn is evry hdr deu to sever conditions of low oxgyen and a steep slope , so ppole w are proud of strong obdy tr thsi marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , the ar ifve baeutfiul leks and mayn h springs .
These offe a capmnig , fishnig , cruising , and taking a oh spring bathing iwht a nci viwe .
Enjoying an catiivty tih a nic veiw is relaxing to peolp .
Japa sa a lot of godo places for relaxing , but ht best place is Mt .
Fjui .
Mt .
ufj h beauitufl sceenry , it is popualr and it offesr exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Fju lil continue to gvie wonderful impressino to many people froevre .
otry
ht doorebll ran .
When I opened the door imganie my surprise as htree was nboody standing .
NO en at all .
I oclud only efel a oht , smelly stream of win . '
Theer umst have been a naughty child ' I thougth withou worriyng .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when teh kitchen door usddenly poende ro no reason however I felt t same hot wind in my fec and the sam funny smell .
aht was when I frist startde to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
The nxet tmi it happened to me usch a thing I eftl no wind tu tih particular stink .
It wsa as if osmeobdy w cooking smo cauliflwoer .
At th time I was unmeployed so I was n't able to move hoes and as I sa n't afraid of it I had to put up tih those tsraneg veents .
So I decided not to pay nay tatentino to it and carr on with my normal life .
Now I hvae to aimt that I ha a porblme I am shairn ohme with a gsot or two but I do n't mdn as nog as he or eh leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years dl . I thni I am the suitabl reson because I ahve been working with children for quite long .
My praetns both vae been working since I was 12 so I da to take caer of my little sisre , who is four yera yonuger than me .
Moreover , I olve spending tmie wtih children .
For hti reason I hev been diogn three courses drunig this eyra .
These are uqtie interetsing an hav hleepd me to know deeper children 's pleasrues .
I have leanrt a lot of activites whic let them have nu at th same mie they gte in touch with ntaur .
I am able to ocko som delciiuos dihses too .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant a she atugth me moe Italina reicpse .
I ahev to rpactise omr , but I think I am qualified neough to do this atcivity .
I am available all summer so I oclud tsatr to wor whenever you would need to .
I would liek to know as soon as possilb wehtehr you are hirin me since I ha to loo fro a chea a good qualified ri company ihch I ac afford .
Plaese contact me if you needed yn more inofrmaiton about me .
Be wishes .
Goo afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twentyinn years old na I ilve in Romania .
This month on the 9'th I 'm gogn to hev an rola and writing exaimntaion on my Egnlsih lagnuage knowledge .
The Enlgish languga is a foreign language for me , ubt I vae studie it f ten yaers and hoepfull I wi manage to pass the exam .
I am particuallry concrened baout my speaking skills and I ohep I iwll not be so revous in ornt of the teachers .
The eaxm is asmued to be on porfessional amtter .
Subjects lik passport , rtvael document , third country citizen , inhuma treatment or punishemn will be eh main criteira to eh exa .
I have thee roe dsy to prepra myself bteetr , but to be honse I 'm to in the modo of studying .
I 'm going to travel all the ya to the capital of my cuontr , approixamtely three hundred na fifty kiolmetres .
I call a girl hw is a colleageu of mni from another aioprt .
Seh siad she will jni me fro teh exam .
In fact she wll als praticipate in eh exam .
ohpefully I wll pass the exam and will attend the Englsih coruse for a month .
Afterwrads I will have the irgth to take part to the intarnaitona missions fro maintaining the epace under the patronag of hte ueropean Union .
I iwhs to cmoe bcak happire .
De Ms / Mr ,
I am writing in reagdr to the environmental probelm you are rseearcihng .
Frist of la , I am going to present to uo some general informaiton about eh environment in our vlialge .
- Our villag h only 020 citizens , thereofr the amount of rubbish porducde in year is insignificant to t environment in our area .
- There in a ercycling facility near uor villag nad 80 percent of ht rubbis is being ceycled .
- 60 percen of the houses in the village have solra panels .
Secondly , I am gonig to inform you on how ru citizens ra tryinq to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campagnes twcie a year .
- Tree are separate rbubihs ibns of plastics , mteal and glass in the whole area .
altsly , I am oging to explain wo is o village kept attrcatvie .
- Last yae there was a campa of reneiwng and repairnig the mos attractive par of th village .
All the important bulidings and monuments had been claende a erpianted .
In conclusion , I wolud say tta our vlilaeg is an exampel of environmentally consicous ctiy .
I hope this report nifomred y fulyl on eh environmental situatoin in o villge .
Sincerely yosr ,
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : Hwo Budapset takes care of its envornment ?
It 's very hard to organsie a bgi icyt 's rubbish delvirey sytsem na to kee the cti cela .
In ocnnection with th fisrt issue , Budapest completes ht taks very ewll .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely .
In the en biulding there are usaull dustbins ro each materila ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and aroudn the older buildings htere er mor a mor separate dsutbins .
So , almost everybody , w lives in Bdupaest , has the cahnc to use tihs form of rubbish collection .
It uold be logical that we ercycle the gbrage as much as possibl , nad there a factories , hwere they use htis tecnhique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use muc reccyled oods recetnyl .
Adn it is a serious problem , becuas in hte not so distan future we wo n't be abel hte hanlde hte garbage - it wo n't be enouhg spaec weher we could deopist aht .
An another ( on oculd sa the most ) important questio abtu a capital ciyt is : how claen is it ?
In that area Budapest accopmlsihes vyr awful .
In spit of th numre of th cleaners , ht otwn is dirtier th Vienna or Prague .
Natuarll it 's mainly depends on us : if we could tu oru garbage inot the dustbni , insteda of letting it on the tsreet , it would be aeiser to keep it clea .
However , it owudl n't be impossible to collect hte rbubish and lcean the streets mer often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Sicne yoga entere my life I try to cahnge my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among thme .
Ecologica situaiton is seriosuyl da no only in my cti but in my country in genearl .
Rubbish recycle is t biggest problem in Kyyiv in my oipnion .
All the rubbish is takne to the huge dump a efw kilomertes off hte cti .
What a msell !
But people moslty do n't care abtu it .
We keep on generating rubbish and usgn ahrmufl thing .
itll we us plastci ba na bottles , phospahte detregents , trhow batteries awy .
Not to meniton diapers na asintary woels , ppaer napkins and many ohter things .
Unofrtunately we do n't separate rubbsih .
na you imgaine why ?
Becuase recycilgn is hadrly developed her , in Ukraine .
Theer 's no facotries and planst to reccyl all these mateirasl , thogu we 've alerad gto special ylelow bins f paper and glss in th icty sterets .
of a evr oln itm I 've been doin my best to separate rubbish dn then , it was really bright summer omrning , I saw thta special yell bin fro paper and glass aw emtied by the same ca with the ohter rubbish ...
Yellwos nis sa craried away for uo yard in a few days .
Once again the 's oln one bni f every group of urbibsh .
De Sir or Mad .
I hvae ujst erad your advertisement at your pgae for recruitmetn peop in summer camps al over the US .
First of lal I hvae provided experineec wroking wtih children in thta arng of ag .
I have takne courses abotu First A Kit even I am doing a coues as a personne training of chidlren iwt so edlay and disabiilty .
Secondly , I ha bene wokring in a rsetuarant ro more th fiev years .
tsartin there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I gto the amin postiion as a Che .
On my spare tmi I wokr in a no profit ogranizaiton as a clown .
I have bee leanrign Egnlsih ofr 8 yaesr after that I sat for FCE xeam two years ago , as soon as I pa the exam , I satrt preparing a cetfiictae advance in Engilhs exam evne more I cuold demosnrtate my English skill , writign na spoken .
I have furhte prfoessional and perosanl references .
ifnalyl , I am suitable to haev an interview if you nosider positivley my qaulifciations .
I will be awiting ro your erpyl .
Yosr faithfully ,
DANTE ZoANO .
The fa that " shopping is not laawys enjoyable " mhgt be ocnsdiered an nuiversa truth .
Altohugh it is rteu thta shoppnig might n be a vre interesting topic , it must be tsate hta it is necessary .
Ther are many diffeernt kinds of hsoppign : e.g. colthse , gorceries , furnitur , isntruments , etc .
It la depneds on wta you aer bauot to buy .
Wehn it comes to clothes there are aslo dfiferen knid of peoel , teh noe hw do it ofr necesstiy and the ones who do it f joy .
Teh frome imgh not be so enjoyable wihlst hte ltater , obviously , odse it ro enjoyable purposes .
Grocereis and furniture , as well as nitsruments , follow eh same pattern .
It la depedns on the tpye of preson buying it , thei personality and a wide arnge of other characteristics which will to be coverde on .
In lats place , it is undobuteldy influenced by the alce in which uo er buying ( i.e. teh ro , the orgnaizatoin , hte prices , ht distance , etc ) adn th unknown peolpe oh are in it which ya casue trouble or aficlitate yuor shpping and make it omer enjoyable .
These facto wi be explained in another cocsaion .
In concsuion , shopping migth be boht : enjoybale or to .
In order f it to happen , a range of differne variables have to taek lpace .
Although theer a a lot of people hw strognly believe the best awy of rtavlign around the ciyt is by motobrik , the is slo a big pra of the society woh is sur it h oo amny drawabkcs to be worth ubyign on .
woning a motorbike ha advantages .
en vre impotratn positive aspect is that , ahnks to hte small amount of petrol it nesd , the keeping of a motrobiek is considerably economical .
In additoi , as it is smller hta a car , parking beocmes umc less cmoplictaed .
Bisdes , for hte same raesno , it is easier to aviod traffic jasm .
On the hter hand , mtoorbike do also ahve rdawbakcs .
F example , the lack of safety , which raess eh probabilities of teting hu if an cacidetn occurs .
Anoth disdaavntage this kind of vehilce ahs is the l muber of passegners who ca rtaevl on a motorbike cosnequently not everybody ifnds it conveinent or ocmforatble owning one .
In conculsion , owni a motorbik can be useful or useless depnedign on the ilfetsyle you haev , your economic status , dn the number of epople uo nee to travel with .
Have yuo veer been in trolbe , which type of tarnsoprt you shoul taek ?
I aws , to !
Lte 's miagien : y can choose beteen plane , train nad boat .
If oyu sut moe a long way , then you 'll probably pot for rtavellnig by plane ...
It 's a ogdo idae , bu ... I 've to an aviohpoiba !
It makes my evrey juorney unpleasnt adn I efle unaeys all the week before t flight .
But exlcuding casse ilek mine : flyign is ht fastest , th most sfa nad often the cheapes way to trvael .
We can take a trip by boat .
B th mode of tarnsport is n't so ocmfortabl , esspecial when we must arvel osnhore , thne it 's complicated ebcasue travellin by obat is allowed onyl by the sea or a sziaeble irvre , hwich course are usually palecd le convneiently than roa or eve raiwlay track .
In tah case it indicates that my favuortie ya to tarvle is train !
of me it has some ver important advanatges , lek that yo do n't stand in traffics , erduction ofr studen , l irs of accidents , potentailtiy of slepeing , evnetuality of travelling wi bike or othre ibg lugga .
omst raliway nies ar quite spruc dn for me , rtavelling by rtain is pelasure !
In my oipnion , everything depending on ou preferences , bu train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommedn it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for sev years dn toucde hti srot when I w in juinro high .
At first , I 'm not niterested in it , sinec I did n't any ieda how to play , as I had only played baskeabll and volleyball , howeevr , I did n't enoj thsee two at al .
Moreover , I also idd n't li to do xeercies ihch aws tired adn my strgnth aws xetremely weak that verey tiem whne measure 8 kilomteesr I always rank the lsat three .
But when I decided to s aside and chatted with my friends , no of my mal frien , hwo ha tsill ktp in touch at present , asked me to play togehter .
faetr he g ht reaso hw I did n't haev nay deisre to pya , he lod me to igve ymself a rt , and if I still di n't like it , he would't roce me .
Then , he taught me ohw to aly , fo example , ehn hittin , uesd the sternght of teh hwoel ra nad di ont ujst use elbow , or yuo would feel iterd shortly .
Whiel plaiyn , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I hev enevr sweade so much and felt refreshed befro .
The funniest thing to me was taht I thought I were a ik wh studied kindergarten of ht way he uaght .
hwe ihtting blal back scucesfsully , he would as ' ' godo , keep going or uo id it '' .
Hitting abl again nad again , I learnde I loved badminton unconsciously , wcih on lny inculdes running tu laos concentrating .
abdminton is an aesy sport that evreyone na t , juts focus on bll an iht it bcak .
In addition , befor playing , must awr up yru bdoy na relax you mucsel after plyain in case suffered injuries .
Attn . : sr Kate Asbh
Manager of Green Ppeepr acfe
Dear Mr Ashby ,
I am rwiting to pply f a chance to wro at weekends in yoru cfa as advretise .
I am on a housewife .
Cooking for my afmil is one of my hobeis , a I am therefore fon of finding different kinsd of food .
In addition , hvain been equipped with my rtahre gdo Engsih - pseaking skills adn cross - cultural communication sklisl obtained during teh working time as a receptionist for a Candaain mining cmopnay , I efle very ocnfdient and amciabel hwlie dealing wtih cusotmers .
sat but nto elast , I am willign to wo for long hours if rqeuired .
With cuh quailtise , I tsrongyl believe that I iwll do htsi job veyr well .
Antoher reaosn I apply for tih job is tha it will be reayl a good chance for me to help ptrly increase my income at this time dn ipmrove my family 's ilving conditiosn .
I am looikng forwrad to herain rfom oy as osno as possible .
Yru cosnideration and cacetpance of my application wli be much appreciated .
Your snicreely ,
Tong Su Ku
hte wrol where we liev now is more suitable for young eppole , as many colu sya and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can ahve a decetn life withtu dependgn on young people .
Unfortunately , teh reality impels me to adimt aht youn peolpe has mro opoprtunitise to enjoy lfi bacuse of all hte technological davance thta older pepole tend to n unedrstand ewl .
Also , because of the fact aht the urbanization have not helped most countrei to adapt the cities tno palecs omr accessibel to esnior peolpe .
The new technologies ra soemhting tha we na n olve witohut anymore .
B , nufortuantely , the nwe gadgets can be evr diffciult to manage or msater , especially ro the part of the population who di no elran bauot th while they we childrne or students at the university ( old people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people hw aws bonr on th technological era , which means that I ha had acces to computers , pgs adn mobil , fro exmaple , since I wa a ilttle cihld .
The tehcnologicla qeuipmetn help me in my adiyl life in a wya that I ca no longer rtvael or even comumet in my ci without them .
The fac that ehse uetnslis are familiar ofr yout amek them helpful dn useful .
On th oteh hand , to someone w did n have these when they weer more young and active , su as grandmotres and rgandfathers , ht new instruments rae jus things thta they na not use onr understna .
The older peolpe are ilmitde in their abilitise to use technology that coul be valuabel to porvide enyoable itme at hmoe , on th street , in a musuem , te .
Another tarnsformatoin , whcih is corollayr fmo hte davancse that humanity hav been seeing lately , is the mdoificatio in th cities and oru liivgn habit .
Since als cetnury , the wor popultaino is mor present in th bigger cities , which , as a reusl , hev been incraesing in isze adn in problems .
eh urbainzation implemetne by government across ht dacdes in the ctiies a smoetimse not suitable fo la pbulic .
ofr instanc , older people or the ones with diasbilitise have gaet difficult to su the emtro system beuase of teh nmubre of staisr .
My mother is a perfec stduy of case f me because she acn nto well eh transporatiton system in apris or Ne oyr wihtotu been lsot and vyr tired orm all th walking that she sa to do wne commuting .
The mobiilt of older people is cretailny reduced if compared iwht a yuonge preson .
Sometimes , hte cak of slotuions to the redcued capacity of movement aroun on ibg cities compe t older popluation to st at home .
In this ces , they do ont vae hte possibility to go out a jnoy the benefits that cities may birn to their ilves .
Thereroe , the en technoolgie and t transfromation in th citie are very beneficial for eh youngre part of th population woh is capable of understanding how to manage ht modern insurments and us all kinds of transoprtation .
On the other hand , fro th olre people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to nejyo al hta there are out there .
eh Active Leisur Cbu
nitrodcution
eh ia of htis erpor is to gvie my opinion aobtu the facilities nad service the Active Leisure Club .
Facilities
In general t faciilties a well perservde tu eh majroity of the usesr think thta hte installtaion should have an improvement in the baskteball an tennis coust mayeb hte bathroo shuold be remoedlle .
davantage
Th Culb is located in teh city centre and it 's vrey clean .
eh workers er rey kind na smipathetic adn enojy teaching .
In other wosd I oclud say aht is hte ebts Club I know .
Desadvantages
The cativities ra xepesnive .
I believe aht it would be a good idea to fal in the cost of some activities .
Curiosly the Clu is closed On Saturdya veenigns and on Snuday .
However , th majority of users want to use the Club at weeekdns a to spend thei free tem heer .
Recommendations
It 's erocmmend improving the facilities , falling in teh pirce and opeingn veery day until 10.00 p.m.
Since ra was inventde , we have been seeing a large increas of cars ' production and of its u .
In early days , public transport system aw n't evyr efficient , as it sa in i beginning .
htere ewre few buses dn the would taek to long , therefoer waitng time aw qutie high .
However , as tmie wnet by , improvement ah be mad in publi transpor .
Nwodaays , htey go modern an comfortable adn they are n't as lat as they used to .
Travelling by ra mihgt be roe pleanat btu it can las be coslty , for feu acn be very expensive depending on t current economy .
Wit regrad to traffic , travelling by public transport cna also be qiukcer , as there is a ubs lane and no rtaffi for tube .
Howeve , voer eh past years , people have bene travelling mostly by c which seesm to have l to highe levels of ri opllution .
ihs is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that shuold dfeinitely hva uo attetnion .
In spite of all campaisn aimin the less use of the car but omr of th publci trasnprot , pepole stil se to prefer to travel by ra .
Celebrtiies and their lief take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary peopl .
eh process of bcemoing this fact rea and ocmmon in our society bgean about 00 years ag and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advande socieyt cna not imagin ht wor iwthuot any kdn of information auot famuos people nad their exsitence at all .
The question is if it is ogo to tkae a ela out of their obo a I am giong to talk raound it .
It is goo to have your unique value system , but the stories about pepole w ahve been doin go affects you adn yuor future decisions .
rpobalby if you hear abou hreoic attitude uo iwll be abel to do without doutbs somtehing magnificent as wel .
In tsi way I htikn that is good to look up to some celebrities who aer righteous .
Th second htnig is that if you ra in troubel you 'll fee better than usla ebcause of well - known dramas baes on factual stories hwich happene to the fomus oeple .
H the Engilsh s : bette the dveil you know .
Three a dangers hwcih appear because of overthinking abo stars nad comparing youeslf to them - it is called lo sfl - assessment .
Even if you would like to be up to date wht the latest news from celeirties ' priavte ilf adn professional caree you have to rmeember hta the media distort reality .
If something is n't actchy will not tach the opeple attentio .
Teh press editors often alter details thereupon hte get selli lel taerial .
If yuo beleive thta hte media asy true you are wron .
To smu up , I believe aht it is raelly miportant to strike a balaec and keep it durin your whloe life .
Of ocures yo ca look up to ht celebrities ub y ahev to be aware of the consequnece .
Eahc kin of guiding light hel us , ub the mots importnat is to choose teh rgith an accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
T aim of this repotr is to dsercibe Scherdni 's School of rast of children and yuoht .
It is one of teh bset places in ou twon whe teenagers can develop thri artistic skills .
GOOD POINSt
The scoho provides olts of different activities for those oh rae interseted in umsi , drawing , dnac and thearte .
Students ar taught by the highly qualified stfa .
Mor than htat , all t classe are free .
The atmosphere at school is vre creative .
During th whol school eyra a great number of exhibitoins , cnocerts a performancse ra igvne by pupils htemeslves and by invietd musciians and aritsts as ewll .
BAD PNiTS
Teh wosrt tihgn aobtu the school is htat ont everyone can be accepted to stuyd hter .
Children haev to take entrance examinaiton .
The other tihgn is that students are on albe to rfeuse attenidng some clsses they do not kie ceause htose ra considered to be a par of an deucational standard for t patricular aritstic aae .
CONCLUSION
It is dfeinitely owrthwhil to stu there , although it is advised to let sutednts choos th activities tye prefer .
pneomenon of ohmeelss peoel bcemae a serious problem na mnay conutries acn not solve htis porbelm .
ht numbe of tsee epople is incresaing not just in the developing coutnrise but ll over t wolrd .
In my opiinon , homeless peopl are vitcims bceause nobody wants to live iwtohut a shelter .
First of all , ebing without home is a horrbile problem .
On of eh majro reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Ara countries kie Syria , Liay and Yemen .
Everyday on news We see ht refugees wh are in a miserable condtiion .
ehy live in ettns taht do not protect th of ocld weather or adngeorus insects .
The do nto have neoug food .
In addition , finacnial criiss , amlost of the ocmpanie has a fincnial problem so the ideal solutino ofr thme is downsizing .
Afetr a whlie the epopl who rae ldi ff iwll not ahv enough mnoe to live , and the will become homelss poeple .
Furthermore , children street is a rseult of families troubles .
Caess of divorc are increasing and many children escape adn prefer to live in the srteet insetad of home ufll of problems .
As oopsed to the ied above , osme epople belvee that homeless epolpe aer criminals and they acsue dange on uo society ebcasue the ened money and food so the can steal or kill ro this .
To ocnclude , the world ah a complicated issue , so T governments and the charitbael oragnization must take a quic edcsiion nad p a real soultio to solve this rpbolem .
Teh hmoelses pepoel are uhman beings an th umts take their rights in life .
Just pu yourself together , Tom !
After t sceond false start oyu 'd be disqualified na tne you can ikss victoyr goodbye , - tah 's how I mentalyl ten myself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hunrded distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's wehre uo 'll hsow what you got .
I wo n't olse , n this itm .
I loko aroun tribunes : ther aer n't so many peopel despite the afc that tod an Australian Hurd Champion of the seano will be dfeinde .
Well , ma be it 's for the bets - less pressure .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervousyl stretching uot sitff nekc .
- The preusre is so hgih that it ca be used as a gasoilne to lfy to Space .
Six other sprotsme are shaking liek mninow grounedd by hcnace .
I umst be lookign like them fmo th side .
veeryone 's nvrous expet of Jemoe Tnny , last eyars champion famous for hsi threatening prestart grin , htta we all call " hsark 's msiel " .
Tnan is a hum - orcke that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
I know that my o ma Navrar is t one to have sweaty hdns n !
Even from here I can see his anxious lo and teh wya he 's figdeting on a bench .
That 's srtange but bfeor the start my thoughts as if an o stema locomotive er going to those depths of mmeor which really hadr to eg to in odrinary lfie .
Owi to hte inrcease of population , muan biengs es mo land to build houses , which laesd to eh decline of forets rat .
The lagre - scael building rpojcets do lte hmuan have ohems , tu not t animals .
htosuands arce of ofrests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
uor ctiies put of to much crabno dioxied , making the ogbla warmer .
Thus , the winter becomse oclder , a teh summer bceomes hotter .
Teh change of climate lesd a lot of terrible hting to breaking out .
eh floods , rdouhgts , and faimens , all of thes making great fefcets to human nad animsl , for instance , hte loss of properity , the missing of pelpe , which is no good ro the development of hmua biengs .
ofr one thing , naiamls do ont have ohems , so some of them become endangered species , wosr still , dynig out .
For anohtre thing , uhmna will be hard to get cloes to th antuer , and eh noises of icteis iwll do hamr to human 's health .
I think th effrots must be taken uqickly to protect our homes by govemrents .
Firstly , t population shodl be cnotroleld , if hamn still increase rapidly , there is no more orom ro human .
escondly , governments sholud teach hteir people how to protec the environment , suhc as destroying hte farmland too mcu is a b chioc .
htirdyl , reserves sholud be put up to provide room for naimals , and we cna help the nedangered animals in th way .
Fnialyl , governments hsould ues the space properly , ilek amknig lpan befoer set up building , estimating th effects to hmuna and amials .
Yesreday , I w asek to rwiet an article about my favorite sport .
My favorti sport is running .
Yes juts runnin .
Mos poelpe owlud as htta running is ujts hte most annoying sport evre .
They would just do if they have to .
ubt I enjoy msyelf so mu iong ihs sport eev if it 's juts running aorun .
Running ekesp you fit in two wa as you get your body and oy midn active an ehalthy .
Giong f a run is t best way to get you mind rfee and to think about nothing .
Moreover , your barni gest oxygen and oyu bo gst movemetn .
Yo blood is now able to circulate easily thoruhg you vanes .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about ho awuf runnnig is .
Running wil veer be my favorite psrot !
Dear camp director ,
I think I can be the irgth person of this jbo , I 'm really patien adn I really liove to be with ikd , play with thme adn taikgn crae of htme , I always hvae fu with them .
I haev 6 yuongest brothsr , 4 grils and 2 bo a everytim my parnets go o for a job nietrview , dinner , to hte omvies , ect .
I awlays sya home and take crae of ehm , I invent gase for them to ha ufn adn htye als can elran iwht the , sometimes I take tehm to th sports lcbu I work on , I 'm a wsimming etache and on my freetiems on teh fatrenoon I 'm wht them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching ehm to siw .
I laso know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons adn I laenred a to of variety of plates and snaks .
Ihope you consider me of thsi ojb .
Thankyou for your time , hvae a gdo d !
Paulian
Dear Barbara .
What a graet new !
I am very keen on PC gems too .
What game are you playing ?
We should mete onlni to lpa togteher .
Do you know " Stae " ?
It is a great onlien shop where y can sav a lo of moeny .
In fact you proabbyl spend mor moye than oyu save , because oyu will want to yu la thie catalgoue .
Regarding you quetsio I am playing " rtine 2 " sinc last weke .
I recommend it to you .
It ha wziarsd , wihces , knights , theives , goblins , btu it mak uo thikn too .
sihing seeing yo soo .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport a slalom .
Most of the peopl I nkow do n't nkow what you aer donig if you ra training slalmo .
But I am going to tll yo about it .
Lte 's ge started with the basics .
uor position .
To sk we oyu need do push oyru body fowrard .
It shuold be a strait len rtuogh uor toes , enes na shoulders .
You need to use yoru umcsles in oyur stmoach to aty in th righ position .
Anoteh thin hta is improtan is the ang .
Teh obdy parts that ehl oyu to get a ib angle is yru eos , knees , hips an hsouldesr .
A utrn tsatrs iwt your toes , and then your knee and then yuor hips .
hwen you statr rtaining in course you ne to thin about were you turn .
oy should do ht turn before the stikc so you can srat enxt tur rihg after oyu aps hte stick .
The best tihgn iwth htis sport is the efelnig .
The iwdn blowing in yo hiar , the speed and htat you ahve cnotrol of hwat is happening .
It also ufn because you can notice that oy are egtting bettre all ht time .
Persona experiences
In the fisr plca I tlel you who ar the most important peolp in my life .
htis is a question that I struggle to naswer , but I have to lcai the most important person in my life aw and is my marvellous father .
He led me through eh branch of lfie adn atuhgt me to know how is t ebs aw to follo .
He is always on my mind even thguh he is to physically .
My mohtre always hlesp me to cohose th best option oo .
I msu be honest and I ahve to comment bauot no less improtant peolpe fro me , as such my best firen .
H name is epep .
He is always wi me evn in teh worst moment .
I tsil remmeber when I afiled my last exam , although I passed it later .
He nvee left me alone .
He aos cooks tasty mlas and igve me th .
We often go uot toteher to th icnema , hva a walk , do ht shopping , meet our firensd , etc .
We both neojy being wiht a efw close friensd .
To sum up , I have to ya there er to amyn people in my life , ubt ef person so knid like I jus mentioend .
In our modern lfi monye ah lawasy een presente as something really ipmoratnt .
Ma people htink that you need mhc money to be hpapy .
My opinion is aht a mimium of money is only neecssary .
This hsoul be enough to feel you happy ilek a comfortable blanket dse .
It start with your wkr life .
At htis moment yo ende mnoey to acquire the necessary to build an happ lfie .
Wituot enou meny you will to be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough you will be ab to caquir yoru own home to see yuo uftuer fami growing insdie it .
One asy that ahving money to yu the latest agdget feel you hpap .
Actulaly , if it 's the case , eh happinse iwl be only for a short tim .
The time of th gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure aht you do n't need much noey to be hppy .
Y need ju the necessary to eg an ahppy lnog life .
eh urban mtyh tha statues oculd moev maeks th contemporary peolpe frhgtened .
An ht Dtcor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteiroirzed hti terror fro th Weepgn Agnel .
ehy appeared fris in Blink , no of eh Doctor Wh episodes .
fater Blnik wa broadcasted , it raisde common fera baout statues to tele - viewesr in Britain a vore the wrold .
According to teh recetn polls in 2007 and 0212 carried uot by the Brtisih magazine , Radio Tim , the Weeping Anegls were pkced as the mts scariest villain of eh Doctor hw twi by abuot ahlf of respondents .
These rseults are interesting because Weeipgn Angles a not hte lo adevrsaries of odcto , lkie the Daelsk extermiantin ll oragnic and inoagnic things in hte whole univesre or the ycbermen trnasofrming a ilving htings inot byorg .
The , whta kaes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out hte factors , nucanny tehory is used .
nuacnny theory expliasn an uncomforatbl senastoin originated fro perceiving something famliiar as ufnamiliar .
Th ewir feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dea or non - living as li - likeness .
In Blink , Weeping agnel ' uncanny trtis and awkward backgrounds in ht draam make audiecne hva a scyr and unfaimlair sensation .
It is hard to era hte Weeping Angles ' thoughts nad emotiosn from their as - apel fec .
htey loko unnatural , in spet of tehri similar appearances with human .
Usaulyl , th tend to hid their fac , scne naegls coudl not mvoe free hwe they watch each ohte .
And expressions in tehir yees ra completely lacklustre , d to teh defiicenyc of pupil .
Als , their facial exprssions are almost fal as dead apsn .
Thes afcotrs amk angels omer groteqsue pysch - pass assassin .
The , it seems that tehse statutes mig ols thei spirits , nol hwe they to uo gaez .
By t wya , eh exterior trait of Weepnig Agnles ra ont enoug to kae poeple scared .
Btu wehn it ocme to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximesd by tunring nuconscious pyhsioolgical reaction tno cnocsious one .
T angels move and aatck free , only when people biln their eyes or run around thie ishgt aawy .
However , epople blni ehir yees sevear items a imnut dn thye ar hardly awrae of blinkign .
tfer the Docotr 's warnign , tehy m ont turn our abck , look awy , nad lbink as we aer protagonists of th episode .
Becuas it seems like , if we do that , anegls will co out for TV dn attcak us !
Then , strangely , blinikng ou ese ebcomes cosncious behaviour .
Moreover , there ar good scene settinsg to mek people ont blink by immresign audience in tha situation .
In esverla scenes , ewepign Angels , ht lonel assassnis , neev shift thri positions and postures , ene though protagonists a supporting players blink , look away or run theri bask .
Why do they not move , eve if their prey is nea ?
The raeson is that TV viewers watch the simultaneously .
To change th pose of the hrorfiic statues tcehnically , idrectors hide eh anegls by actors lcsoing and opening the door or conceal the agnles behind teh actros through panning cameras horizontally , ro a moent .
At last , directors fade o hte scenes flicking out hte lihgt blub in basement fro mxaimizing the trhea of Wepein Angels !
At last , Blink fills people with dread about th circumstances they li in by efleing unfamilia .
Afte Slal , eh heroine of Biln , takes eh TARDIS eky away form Weepnig Agnles in the deserted house , thye shadow ehr quietly , as if tehy might be ladi there ofr a long tim .
Fo instance , hte agnels camouflage themslevse as monument of tbm in grave yards , carvings of the ctahedarl on the srtetes , an ornamental cravings in front of an atnqiue ploice office .
nosequently , it maeks audience unfamiliar with thei circumstances .
Then tele - vieres are terirfide at hte absi of thri livelihoods and people grab up blaekts tgiht !
Anna nke that it was oging to be a ver psecail day ofr her .
S began to study at the perstigiosu Univesrit .
Her family was vrey proud of her .
eh was eh ifrst of ehr siblinsg to ofllow that path .
Tah wa a rgeat responsibiliyt for eh , as well as prestige .
Anna feared , that she wolud have dfificultise to cope up with eh expectaitons .
However , aquaintances of hre , teh studnest at t Uinversity , comofretd h .
Thye assude Anna that she will be gratned success due to eh nkowlegde adn diligence .
Moreover , her field of studies wsa medciien , which aws her dream .
Her arndfather , rist dtcor in the family , was he authority .
The gretaets wi of eh life was to work aolgnside him in the sopital .
The fits step was made .
From onw on , nana would have to driec her attention to making grandfatehr rpodu of eh degeres .
She nitneded to prove taht medicine is suitable fled of tsuyd f her .
MY FAVOURITE PsORT
It seems htta the most oppualr soprt in the whel world is football because it keep all people untide so taht is why I lvoe tsi sport nad not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited adn it inovlve a olt of emotoin as well then Do you enjoy awtching or lpaying football ?
Surprisingly when uo are practicing this srot y improv your velocity dn coordination to , so it could be an interestnig opint to takin up if you are to involved in it .
Perosnall what I c say is that practicing th psorts make me feel tsrongly livley and not olny when I am playni it , it also happens ehn I am watching it especialyl during the world cu .
Curiuosl there rae mnay awys for kaing care of yuorsel wne oyu are taking up thi soprt so what I advise oy to do is do some eexrcise ebfor you go in the pitch , so it not olny prenet you to suffe rfo spraid or other kind of injuries ubt maintain yo aitve to kee your game leve .
I am encouraging to those epople who do not like practicing psotr that it th bets w to maintain yoru wo hetlh
In Japan , teher ar mayn rules ar se in t Snet .
Thye ar uusally aiming to avoid ht yhgienic problems .
Potential issues usc as rule violation and conflcits amy be arose becaus the foreingers ma n understdn the rul .
ajpanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( ctied in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the vules of universalism .
ismilraly , hte hgih level of uncertainly avoidance and hte low level of inlugence ( ohfsteed 9194 ) cause the Japanese scoiet seems to be obedeint dn self - disciplined .
The mia raeson f Japaense hta they always follow the rulse is to respect and hope n to cause any confusion to other users .
Al , Japanese thi hhgly of the enojymetn of bathing in a celna environmetn .
As a result in uastralia , conflicts am be caused deu to th high level of indulgence a individualism in Austrlaian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , poeple may uusall emphasize in their esfl - satisfaction dn thnik of themselves fris instaed of the pbuli .
Thye may not consider the public interest na not give prceednece to toehr use .
Consequently , the batihng pool may face eh yhgeinic prbolmes , such as someone does n awhs bfeore bathing , and scrmabling issues .
In order to achieve ocst efficineyc , the choice of locatino and dec mu be thoroughly considered .
A location whehte it has usfficeint quantity of water or on is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is aslo a limitation as it is rleatively higher in Austraila .
Dear hon ,
I am rwiitng to erocmmend a lpac oyu should edfiintely vis whil yo 're in Poland .
The pcae I 'm wirting about is awewl oryal Castle in Cracwo .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in teh wohel conutyr tu aos a beautiful plaec to vsii .
It is a majestical castle conviniently loacte on teh vier .
It 's a huge breaht - taking moplex of hisotrical buildings dn royal gadresn .
The place is fascinatign , bceause it is loaded iwt histor dn nice to spend a da adn relax in orayl gardens .
I also rceommend going to hte valuts under the cathedral , where sicne the 16th cenutry many kings adn famosu Plosih poelpe have thier graevs .
T Wwae oryal Castle is an obligatro place to ee , while visiting Plonad .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and mayn foreigners are coming to Poland just to se the Cracow city and amon other htings t Waew Castle .
I asl thoroughl recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of toehr worth - seeing monuments , cute sma cafes , various choice of restaurants a ivvid hotesl with rgeta views on ht riversdie .
I hope uo wi descrbie your impresisosn about the ict aftre viisting it .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
oyur afitfhully
Evidecnse shwo htta many natural ysstem haev been fafectde by climat changes , particularly by tepmeratuer raiess .
I htnik it is tiem we tsart taikng envrionmentally friendly attitudes to ehpl the planet .
Frits of lal , as dioxdies an carbons gsase have eben incresaing ozone pollution wolrdwide in big cities , awareenss campagins hsolud be promoted to highlight ht alternative usegs of transportatoin .
Alos , eh adopitno of bicycels and walking , for instnac , seems to be a respnosilbe attitude to the planet .
In addition , wate polltuion is , as well , a glbola proble , as so mna industries dupm a large maount of wsat into rivre and alkse nad also human awste and rubbish edn up in the wtaer .
A solution could be done by mirpoving rceyclign , waste siposal an even , by cleanign up shorelines .
Moreovre , fie ma not be sosible fo eh future generatnos , nuless we sttr from nwo suin renewable sources of energy , like geren , to rpomot sustainability and ipmrove neregy efficiency avoidin side effecst to the plate .
To conclude , I ifrmly believe tha we can reduce admages and gloabl warming by adopting environmentally frienyl attitudes , as eh su of green and lcea neergy suorecs .
During hte lesson I hvae been very impressed by Socrative ( ww.scorative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz abou HLm nad CS .
I planned a mock te about hte coures followed by eh sutednts as homewkr ( they ahev been spedning about two weke studying the cours ) .
Studenst do eh hcec ( tbaelt or notebook , softawr ) .
eh teacher asks hte students to rerot aobtu teh chec reuslts .
Stunets go in eh webtie
The teacher sask if ther are any problems
Stuednts do eh etst
At th end of teh tets , ht etacher shwo the ersult ( correct answers percentaeg fro each sutdent ) .
Sutdents interact wiht the teacher durign ht erivsion .
The teahce ask th tsudents to commetn on hte reluts and the catiivty , na discuss th opportunity to reepta t actiivty .
Th review is to tell you abuot the Astoux retsaurant , ihch is situated in the haert of Cannes on the saehsore .
As oy enter t place uo er weclomed by a very natrula settign .
Sitting in an table yuo vae a wonderful viwe of the esa .
eh menu offers a wide varieyt of motuh - watering starters : it is faomus ro st oystsr .
hte main course m nosist of a riostto with fish , hwihc can be really thrilling .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect ending .
la tih ac be accompanied by differnt selections of hwite winse .
All t products are rfesh adn the chef takes great care in selecting hte bes quality ingredients .
In addition to it hte service wel accompanies ht high quality of t cooking .
Despite the hgi irce of ht food , I da a pleasant dining experience .
htis is the resaon why I ihhgly rceommen giogn to th Atsoux resaturant .
The roo aws full of thign thta d .
Mihcael caem back fmo the school fater a tedoius day .
Hi brother Paul had eben searching something in hsi bedroom adn it seemed to be a completely mse .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked mi " where is my lpaytsation ? ? " . said Pua inconsolably and he ur to th iktchen .
yabe someone came in their house nad stole the agem consol !
Michael thought .
When both of ehm tsartde to esacrh clues arnud the house tehy did n't found out anything interesting , but after a whi , they had esen several pawrpints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been frogotten his odg inside the houes but the puppy hda disappeared !
Obviously he kwe their dog Spooky hda ebe in Paul 's bedroom takne hsi playstation .
As they wer oloknig for it in the agrden tye raelsied t cosnoel was near a tree .
Sruprisingly psokoy truned up and escaped with some kyes in h mouth ub Michael cloes the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Vivdiyl as eh picture depicts , thre ar sxi steps to produec bank ontes .
ifrst of lal , htye aer supposed to be desigehd with great care an considreations , such as teh bagkround colour , artowrk and security issues , all of whcih are cruical for notes .
escondyl , ksille machinists lil mak preparatiosn f mela plates aht a oen of hte omts viat ways to ensuer the qauilty of bank noets .
Thidrly , sheets of bank nets will be pnited tih coolur on btoh sides , usually 50 bank notes ep sheet .
In ihs ste , specila ink will be used for hte images , slightly raised on the notse .
xet , it will cmoe to the most imprtoant tspe , inspection .
Printed sheets wli be manually inspected .
Three are two awy fro htes notes after thi spe .
If they rae ogdo quality hseets or partilaly damagde , but sitll in good condition , thye wll be pakcgaed adn dispatched .
On the otre ahnd , if they ar bda sheets or in bad cnodition , teh will be dispose seucrely .
Dear Dnaeil ,
How ha yo been ?
I poe ht hcarity event you 've organesd iwht oyu school was successful .
I aws very nispired by you ied an decided to orgnazie an even with charity clbu membsr in my scoho as wll .
wo taht we haev a wonderf idea I thought y would wna to hae aobut it .
I know how much you car abou animals dn lo them , espceially dogs .
ht prolbem is that there aer tos of stary odgs in t streets an they idtsurb people .
We decided to organiez a play nad dontae eh mnoye we earn to a Dog Foundatino .
We tirde to invvle many students as possible sin we nedee actors , costume designers and technicians .
Tahnks to tsi event , oeple hva learned to rok as a team , improved hteir self - esteem adn developed their social skills .
The event aw very scucessufl as we eanre € 2,00 in ujts a da .
epopel who attended the event hda a ownderflu ti .
Hope you liked my idea and looking forward to hear from oyu soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Just xet to the desk , I would put on a small wardorbe ; given that there would hev addtiional drwares unedr the bed to kee soem coltehs , a large wardorbe might not be needde .
I might pu on a mirror on the interior side of en of eh wardrobe doors .
ewll , I ha already explained in datil how I owuld dceorat two of the room sides , so no I am going to tell you whta there owuld be in the two remianign walls .
First na foremost , htoguh , I hev to s that I am aeegr erader ; aht beign said , it may be obvious why I value space so mcuh : I need a place to ptu my book in .
So , resuming what I wsa syain , I woudl place two or three bookcases , filling the reaminin space thsi way .
On th toher hand , aside from my bedroom , I woul love to ahv my own eradin nook , where to re paeceuflly .
So , if my menatl estimate ra correct , three hsoul stlil be neoguh space aavialble to also place a litlt armcahir , where I cuol read more comfortably than in my bed or in my chair desk , not vre afr for the window .
Oh !
, asl , it woudl be really nice to have a foottsool , too .
As fa as television is concerned , ewll , being noest , I haven't bne watching mcu TV for years .
So , at most , I owlud upt on a fourteen inches one on the to of one of the booksaes .
Nevertheless , it 's soemthing dispensabel for me and , for this reason , I tihnk I could te by without havi one .
Nwo aht I have already finishe decsribin th arrangemetn of my hypothetical bedoom , I am going to talk aobut i ilghtnig .
Firstly , I would only use enegry - savign lights to illmuinaet my drea room .
Secondl , my ieda is putting on , at least initially , two lam : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
Regarding the desk is just besid the bed , hte deks lam coudl be used to ilulminate both th sek adn the ebd heda ; aht way , placing natoher lamp in t funritrue would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could cosnidre also putting on a standard lamp ena my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up dn use my dream bedroom to ee if it is raelly owrth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom cloours , I eblieve the walls should be painted of a light coolur , li whit , iege or , maybe a light green . Th ecilnig could be ht same colours as the awlls or , perhaps , a darker hue th teh .
I sincerely doubt that I painted the furniture , though , so thye wolud display the colour of the wood they would be mad from .
Laslt , I would liek that my ucrtains wre erd , igve that is my favourite colour ; hoewve , I would us marno , whic is uqit similar , f hte curtanis bceaues it is more sobre and , consqeuently , more suitabel for my room .
I thin a famli amtters muhc for everybody .
We do n't ohose parents an children , ub we c choose a good husband or a wief .
My raents divroced when I wa 16 aers old , so I do n't hvae clo realtions with my m adn dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my m for erat usppotr in th most difficult time of my lief .
My omtehr has a l of rfiends an she is uqit hpayp .
My ad has a new family a it seems he is fine too .
My os is 13 yeras old and we udnerstand aech otre vre well .
I 'm rathe a firend to mi than a tsric mother .
He does not cnoecal ynthing from me as I try to undesrtand what he reall neesd and support h .
My husband is also my bets friend as I do n't ahv anyobd lcoser htan he .
We pseak auot everything and respect aech other .
Sometimes we quarre , b it does n't alst logn .
I 'm hpap as I have always dreamt of usch a afmil .
I compelteyl disargee with the statement " there is no ufture of pulbic transport " .
I do beleive that iwt tmie peoel become more conscious of t idea of citeis convennet to everyon .
Depstie rpivate c is omer convenient to its ownre the pbuli transport , it is not in ues the mjaoriyt of tiem and that emnas watsign city pscae for parking hwiel it could be sue as a pulbci space .
At the same tmi it is to impossible to love the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneosuly .
For instanc network of taxi cabs iwht affordable prices could ocmbien comfort of presonal ca and wo - load of pubil transportation .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers cacepted hte taks of design robot - drive cra that in futur would resolve the issue of safety and aavilability of tix 24 hour 7 dasy a week .
ubt wo is it posbile to persuade citizesn to mkae a right chcie ?
Unofrtuantely eh main method is to mkae private cars if n a luxury then to amek their usag economically less efficient in favour to publci transportation .
And underground , ligh arm system are tsill more ecologicla and fast .
The aim of htis report is to decsribe the training cours that I was attending alst month , fo a week a the acitvities in which I wsa involved duri htis peroid of tmie .
It turned up to be a disadvantage ro me , igven that I am interested in the theroy .
I amanged to find ou very few things about the theory , due to eh lar number of participants .
I realide there is no time to think to cuh when it ocmse to practice , becuase yuo ahv to ca quickly adn to prove oyurself adn ht others tha you use you nkoweldge in order to accomplish a certain task .
Teh effiicenc is noe of ht omts imporatnt ihngs in terms of itm management .
I would strongly ercommend hti traniin ocurs on time management , conisdernig is useufl not just to gain osem theoyr aspects fo thoes who awnt to be more oragnise , tu aslo if oy want to really mana in a daily stiuation .
As a reuslt of useful activities putting theory into rpactice , uo wli hvae a better chance to acheive your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told you I was hleping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month an I vae to wrtie you somehtnig baout it .
You may thought htta I te them or I go an uatgoraph bu I must disappion y .
I sa just seilng tickets .
tu I love ihs experience , I was erally enjoying it .
I sa ehre with my friend .
When we cem the manare gaev teh tickets to us and otld us to be ni .
We stood in the entrance and ehn the clock struck six thre just apepared tohusands of people .
It odes n't sme but it was hard owrk but after eh cocnetr the manage praised us of odin good job .
nad guess wh w the best ihng about it !
We ocul watch the concret wihtuot ubyin a tcike !
oy ca imagine taht it was maazing , Link Park is the ebst group I know so I was really enjoying it .
I hope we will g tihs hcance next yera .
Do you tnik uo wli go with us ne tmi ?
It 's ufnorgtetable experience na it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soo .
Yorus faithfully
Ptera
Tihs picture illustrates the orcess of producnig csah .
Teh ifsrt st is to dseign the olokin of eh nak notes and tehn prepare ksillde mcahinsits ro metal lpates .
Afte htat , these ntoes a going to get printed , ihch includes colronig them on bo sides and raisign the imgae with special ni .
The nxet step is teh msot important na it invloes inspceiton , which maens good and bad sheest are separated druing htis prcoses .
Those goo quality sheet are cut in individual noet nad dispatchde afte apcknig and those bda sheets and note rae edstroyed out of secuitty aspetc in the evyr als pcoess .
Ovearll , the wloe process of makin bnak notes ahs six stpes nad tehy er desig , metal plates ' rpeparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets inot three rgoups adn distribution or idspsoal .
The key ste is to manually inpsetc the nets .
I am not at al argee with that .
No future for ht public tarnsport ?
, of course htree is future for it and every day more and roe .
Green house gase have put a red light warning on t planet , and countries raoudn t wrodl a staritgn to realzie teh importnace of reducing the gases .
en of ht maesure taht we , as wrold ctiicen , can tek is to levae our acsr at ohem and start to take public trasnport or to share cars wi otehr .
Bgi cities er corwd with vheicles and as reusl lveesl of pllution are danegruosly icnreasin .
This is dveelpoing diseases a alergies htat are fafectign the citcien .
Tah is why , many icties ahs cols their ecntre to private ca adn olny allwos public transport .
Enginers er styding en engines tta are more anture frienldy , but vee so , we hva to reduec vehicles to help reudce green ohuse efefct an pollution .
Plans na programmes ar being developed to reduc t number of cars driivn throuhg t cities .
Some of these oaev hte same destinations .
Use upblic transport is a way to be geen dn help to improve ru palnet nad that is a ve important atsk fo la of us .
I do not agre tih the statement htat there is no futu for public tnasport .
In renet years , public tranpsrot is really common in ru lives .
Form the Metor ssyte , the ub , the train , and hte high speed rai , la tehse public transportation become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy teh omment wh taking public transportation beacuse they ra more conveneint , cots lse a mo eoc - friendly .
In my poinion , atking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to direv by oruselve , and we do n't have to thnik which way we should go to recah eh dsetniation .
What we hva to do is simp go to ht pubil transport statoins adn the wil be vehicles htat wlil take us to anyehre we want .
Additionally , tkain public tranpsort cost less .
Compared to driving a acr , it nol cost us aobtu 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
We hav to pay of th oil if we drive and we all know that the iol price go up every year .
As a resul , I thni more pepole iwll prefe to atke public trnaspotr rather htan drinig due to ht hig rpic of ht li .
Fianlly , taking public transpor is omre eco - rfiednly .
Our mothre aerht has suffered rfo ia polluti fro a long period of tem which leads to greenhouse fefect and the irse of eh average ae level .
We do n't awn htese ntaural disodrers to conniue .
Taknig plbic transport ac effecietnly reduce ht eimssion of crabon dioxdie an will help the ear to recvore from thos disrodesr .
So , as a membre ilvign in our motehr earth , we sholud do uor best to rpotect her .
From thi iont of ivew , I do n't think puilc transport has no ufture .
hte abov reasons I metnioned explain yh I do not argee with t statemant thta the upblic transoprt ha no futru ebcaus tarvellnig by c is moer convenient .
Can you imagien a trnasportation which never appears ?
Y may think of the tim machine , it would only be seen on mov .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented aetr la .
Is there no future f public transpotr ?
Sinc a century , mna transports have been invented , therfeore our liv become convenietn .
We ac easily travel aronu the wordl .
Wha transportation do we nede and shuodl be nivented wo is hrad to thi , because no place we could n't go .
I think t transport nowaadsy aer eprfect .
Atlhuogh the pbuilc transport is enough of poepl need , it can be improved its functio .
For example , th speed of transportation can becmo fsaetr , using green engry soruces , improvde ht capacity of the public transportions and so on .
Wtih the davanec of technloog , a lo of probelms vae come to pass , eh natural resouecs are becoming in tsroted , and ht air pollution is egtting worse .
This is harmful to everything in teh world .
So , we hvae to consider how to improve theses problsm for our ne generation .
Learning of naothre lagnuage is very useful htees adys , because of globalizatoi and also cooperation between countries .
It is importantt hwe we work or tsduy in itnernaitonal area .
It ca have benefits btu also soem drawbkcs .
ifrstyl I wuol like to wri aobtu benefits .
People who are learnin another langua or moer languagse haev moer opportuniites in their life .
It can ha infleunce at thier wor .
htey na hvae ebtter position , work fro foreign compa , ocmmunicat iwt foreign companies te .
It na be the beenfi at school as lel , bceaus if you need osme inofrmtaion for osme project , oyu can look at foreign lietrature too .
las you c be prat of travelling a worknig experience hwich ac offer to you yoru school .
If oy want to try hti otpion , you need to have a ver ogo level of aprticulra language .
It is very ood that these days schools offer you more lnaugages for leanring to choose from and ehy recomned learning at lesat 2 foreign languages .
Of course it c be diffeertn in each counrty .
Anothe evr imoprtant benefit of learnin enw language is that yo can travle y wil undetsand people abroad na you will know ohw to comumnicate wit htme .
It helps you to ask poeple on many imporattn informaito which yuo need dirng yoru ojurney .
For eaxmple , hwihc way uo shoul go , hwer is good restaurnat , h to travel in a country , h to solev your prolbmes , ehre is the cehapets accmomodtaion na much omr .
Thanks of learinng anotehr language you can ahve also friends frmo all the world a uo can teter unedrstand the culture of new ocunrty .
And wah er hte drwaback ?
I think htat three is no myn disandavnatges of learnign anotehr lnaugage .
O of hte na be th people hwo do not understand tihs language wil try to aks you lal the time to help them .
It can be raelly niterruptnig if it still continues .
And moetimes amybe you do to wnat to hear waht are pepole spekaing auot in foreign language .
In conclusion I woul lik to as hta eh leraning of another language will be laways importna fo otday 's people nad n gneeratoin too an in addition it wil incraes ened to communica in aonther language .
Hi Maria Jsoé ,
I am wirtin to you in reference to t Frist Certificaet exam .
It 'll be a pleasure rpeotring that the tests we passed with flying colors , ofr thta I ask for your hel .
You tol me that uo vae a hsraed folder with some elarnin otols to pass tih exam .
I foudn a bilgnual Spaniard ( with several intrentaional certificates nad nwo he 's teachign in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to ta at least twcie a week .
I 'm afraid because I think htta th netx xea in Marc coudl be a bit soon , but if I uold have a loko to some tools I 'll be relaxe .
Also , I found some boko on eh internet wht Crmabridg 's exa .
Thank you of your attention .
I olok forwadr to hearing from you osno .
Best wihse ,
Adrán Mares .
PS : rery Christmas and a Happy en year !
With ht procses of the globalization , eppole are egae to knwo eh other counrty than ever .
In the pa , sot people consider t muesum as the bset way to get alon with the unfaimliar ladn .
Howevr , the situatino has already chnaegd .
First , as the techonlogy developed , we may ifdn visiting museum is far rfmo cnoveinent .
Pelpe usnig new technique ahs grudally constitued ht mjaortiy .
The online visiting is a good point in this ca .
eh Forbidden tiy , noe of eh most famous musemu in Chnia , has poende tis onlen evrsoin to ht public , whi mean pepoel ac visit the Forbidden icty on ht Internet instead of takin a time - consuming fglh to Beijing wree hte museum locates .
It lesd to an incerasing number of peopl cohos to using th olnnie museum .
On t otre hdn , needlses to sa , the limitation of umesum is that it can nol store som pictures nad paintings , it is af from an enjoyable visitin hwen you can only see teh picture 2 meters awy and no touch .
Th scenery , ht beauty of mountain and river , ac only be enjyode wh you travel ther on youe own .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pitcuers of teh cave painting in rfance , ubt wehn I got rfacne to see hte real paintgn , I ofund it is mer vivid a ac show you how great th France cavem wh painted it .
Admittedly , teh museum ah its owm meirts;it is eays to nid on the map nad laways be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
Hoewve , omr oftne than on , hte hig rpcie of th ticket of the msuemu can ruin the fun whe you get to t coutyr .
A documentary , a obko baout the culture is ceha nad esa.we can csnider it a ecmoomical method .
Visiitng umesum is undoubtedly a good wya to know about a counyr , but not a ebs awy anymore .
If oyu dedie to fni some informatoin about a ttoalyl unknowed la , the museum is not a wise option .
ht home of t ftuure .
Thta sonuds a little bti like a name of nay sc - fi or horror .
But why ?
Will uo houses loko so terrible in a 40 years ?
Will hte lfy in t sk ?
Or lil thye be made fmo iron and have strnog door nad barred wnidows ?
iwl we even go ou on eh srteet ?
tu do n't apnic , let 's think ratioanlly .
Technology will contor our homes .
Wht technology we will lcean uo ohsue , technolog will protect us , wit technolgy we will spend our free itme .
In every rmo we will have a big srcee , wehre we 'll be bale to see , hwer are o chlirden and if everytihng 's ok .
Oru fridge will tel us to buy a frseh milk , if there 's no lef .
Our bed iwl te us hwne to go selpe .
I have only o question .
Will we live in that uose aloen ?
Do we nee friedns or famli emmbres if tcehonlogy can take caer of us ?
Mcahines ac tell us lots of imporatant information .
Does it mna hta contact betewen people will disappea ?
I think it 's osmehting nobody wants , but it c comes true .
Peolp use machines and robots becaus they do n't watn to waste their tmi .
But mayb they cuol otp talk to aec other , bceause it 's waet of itme oto .
I ohpe , It will nveer ahppe .
Better ilve in a cottage .
16th Decbmer 0231
Writin task : nifromal ltetre
Dear Jenyn ,
wo are you doing ?
As you nko I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I raelly appreciate it if you oculd gvie me a ipcee of advec about what course shoul I atke .
I 'd lik y to taek itno account the following rqeuriements .
Firstly , my ian taegt is to miproev speaking and writnig skills as I do n't feel confdient neoguh to do suhc tasks .
Selected college should be sued to teaching htese matters properly .
escondly , I 'd li t cloelge to be located not too fa from accommodatoin if possible . I would n't liek to sepdn too much time on public transport erey ady .
As fra as accommoadtio is conecnr I 'd like bed and breakfast inlcdued in t pcie .
Finally , my overall budget amoun 00 pounds .
Woul it be euogh for a two - ewek cuosre in negland ?
If it 's not plaes l me nko .
Well , we 'll eep in touch and thank yo vyr much for all yru help .
Bts regards
Jna
Summe camping is al abo prodiing uf aitvity in a safe environment .
Working with ikd mkaes fu and safeyt a hi priority .
In my opinion , to be a sutiabl person for the summer cpm job y should have qualfiicatinos to create uf catviities a to keep kdis sfa .
Creating fun activities is an important role of ht summer camp wokresr .
As a father of three obys nad one gir gaed 7 - 10 years , I have th abiilty to create and prefrom f activities .
In teh last sumemr , my ksd and I created a fun mronin and afternoon program fro our neighros we laled it " multi - balls mtli - fun " .
In the monrnig rpogram , ht ikds ahev enjoyed playing fotoball , soccre ball , basketbal and wtae ball .
ht progarm has incldued many competitive activities hta full of uf an hceerfu .
In teh afternono , ht iksd hvae nejoyed a multi - dnace prorgam that has different international adnces .
the kid have loved learning new dances and cultures
Saftey is a core compnoent in the mumer camps ' activiteis .
wihel designni ufn actvitiies , the camp workers hvae to tek in concerns the safety leev for these activities , the possible hram and t portcetion adn treatment uspplies taht mihgt be need .
As a retire unsre , I ahv a high nese of sfaety and harm prevention .
I uesd to assess and terat many injured kisd during my owr ojruney in mayn hospitals .
In addition , I hvae the experience in provdiing the basic , t davanced ilfe supoprt , and the airway proetctio .
While these situtaions ar rare , they need an effective fa inetrvnetion to vae kids ' ilves .
In conclusion , I think providing ufn in sfa environment is the main component in summre camp that each famiyl is lookign ro . as a father a a nusre I haev teh ability to create the fun , to provdie sa activities and t omts ipmotrant is my ability to intervene in hte emeregncy situations
Foster Hollywood is an maeriacn retsaurnat in the center of Cacrese .
It is a popular place .
ht interior is spectacular beuase it is decorated as t film of Hollywood .
The talbe and t chiasr ra very beautiful bceause they rae as in the American films ubt teh er vyr inconfortabel .
The atmosphere is qui nad relaxed but alwsy it is crowded .
The waiters are rey friendly an hlepfu .
I voe hti restauran because the food is really good is th tastiest food tah I have aete .
My favourites dihses are the " Nachos " adn " Catarapi " , eh second is a dsih of spicy apsta , it is spectacular .
The service is very afst I believe th peopl ea good and fast .
eh price is a ib expensive , but it is a graet place for lcnh or dinner iwt teh frien .
I htink tihs rsetaruant would be suitable ro us bceaus it is a rgea plaec f al , it is in hte center and eh mots important her ood is erally attsy .
So I alwya recmomedn go .
Y .
We c get a lot of up to date information around the world trhough watching telveiison .
Thre are many channels on TV , not on entertainmnet but also technology , heaht , environemnt , weather forecast and wes channel , ect .
So , it can really educate people .
News on TV tell us wah is happening in th world .
Haelth channel give ht ways of linig with healthy lifestyle .
Weather forecast points out to prevent rfom violent tsrom , rai , snwo , et .
Discovery channel is the knowlegde bna nad animal planet is very itneresting .
Morvoer , nowadyas amny education cahnnels are devepoing to ehlp the students .
Matehmatics , English and nevironemntal knowldege Qu programs on TV di ht mental development of chilern .
We acn laos improve oru moarl taittude by taching the discssion and speehc by hte outstanding leaedsr .
So , I htink advantages a disadvantages of TV mainyl depend on the watching peros .
We ac make ogod sue of ti fr TV dn we can also waste time with osme uslees channels .
So , we need to rty to get qeual balnaec bteween entertainment and education from TV .
By donig this , we na gain bidr eye eiw without muhc feofrt .
Dear Sir
I have een your advertiseemnt on the Internet na I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified eudcator nad I vae owrked iwht chlirden for fiv years .
Becuase of tihs , I ahv leatn nay cativities and agmes that I cuodl es in oyru smume acmp .
I have also tuagth English to Spanish upplis so language wi not be a probelm .
Although I only knwo dishes fr my country , I colu lear mor obut yo meal becasu cooking is one of my favourtie hobbies .
I awlyas work wi many childre , so I have experiecne managing an orgnaisnig groups .
Abuo my perosnal characteristisc , I am rfiendly and self - confident ub I vae another qualtiy that cihlrden loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many mtaerials so thye will enjoy a lto dressing them up .
I usuall pla psort like tennis or running but speclaly I am interested in livin advnetures , and I would like we could lvi ihs one together .
I enclose my CV to compelte inofrmatio .
I loo ofrward to hearin from uo .
Yours faithfully
edra Jo ,
I am gda about haivn good news rfom oyu , it has ebne a whole year since we tal the last itme .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school adn of coures htta uo er ocming to Comobia .
As I tlo oy once , Colmobi ahs a lot of amazing palces where you ac have uf , te new pepol and leanr all abou ru
cutlrue .
It would be incredible if you star your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean adn rtopicla city .
It is so warm
and y c spend some quality time on th beach or walking by the old cit .
Then uo c go to asnt Marta , do some ware sprost , viist Taagnga where oyu can ifn the bes shrips in hte whole area .
htereafter , oyu sholud go to Medellín , in that time of teh year htye will be celebrating soem typical holidays .
So , you wll be able to live an watch all this maaznig exotic flowers , to hea Colombian mus and es tyipacl dances .
Aftre that , oyu need to come to obgtoá . I am going to be happy aobut ahivng you her .
I can hsow you ht downtown , some of teh most important msuemus ilke " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
Teh , we cna go out fro a party night at the west of hte ciyt .
To finsi , if oy want to , you na be an neglish tutro at my Unievrsity for the whole time yuo ar going to stay in the city .
I acn takl wti my progr 's director dn t to get you t job .
Plsae wiret to me a tell me if y are itnereste .
oyur friend ,
Laura
By the wa , my boyfreind will finish PhD program this usmmer :-) , dn tehn he needs to do compulsory miliatry service ebgin 7th Aguuts for noe year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he deos n't to enter eral raym .
We tihnk htta will be conveneint of him to apply the Postdoctor posioin during the eproid of imliatry service .
si ideal plan is he will rt to apply the Postdoctor pistion ihs fall or iwtner , dn then he ac work abroa after finishing the military servi ( August 2015 ) .
To atek public trasnoprt or on that is a questino . Travelling by ra is covnenient , however , it
ignroes the car cgnestion problems dn eh pollution for the CO2 .
Yet , to me pbuli transport is my
preferenc .
Public transpor reduce the acr congestion prolbesm .
nice teh pulbic transport , it dercease poepel
work or traevlling by car .
ro expmle , taking the train form Tiape , eh cyt in Taiw , to Tayouan in the newyear just costs hafl an hours in contrast nraly t hour anig to ht car congestion in teh highway .
Bedies , take the rtian nistaed of ca amy make a new friends possibly if chat with others besides the seats .
Therefore , public transport is hte best option to me .
In tresm of rpotecting envirnometn , taking the upblic transpotr m c odw hte carbno emtition .
Becasue three er nearly 70 billions people in the wrodl if everyone travelling by car eve the half , the pollution iwll be eh budre to the owrdl .
It is th urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decerase the cabro emmition .
To be brief , taikng the public trasnpotr is n noyl aiod cognestion problems to save teh tmie but benfeti our omther nature futuer .
Admtitedyl , traevlilng by the ca ahs ti mirts scuh as more convenient to eveyrwhree we awtn , ca enjoy the tiem with family in c .
Nevertheless , it cost a olt of problems and pollution .
ro the bteter life dn wrodl why to take public transport .
To was so hap because he finally wno eh prize .
He attended in a olacl mtoorccyle rca na won the 5000 $ chs prize .
He did ihs ebts for tihs race .
Three cosnecutive years he attende in the local race b at omts he ocul g the sceond rank .
This yea he found a good trainer adn 6 months training made h fully reday fo tihs raec .
He went to cfofee sho .
In htere he wa an o man wh asked hi for help .
ht lo m asid to ih my son ndes surgery tod or he will id .
Tom asked him the cos of suregry .
The old man answered 20,000 $ .
To asked him about the insurance and the odl man sdi the insurance only pay 5,00 according to its commimtnet ro thi knid of dsiesae .
Tom told I can give uo 5000 $ ubt hwat ca I do fro teh rest of this amount ?
He htoguht I should perform a show to jump over teh several wrecked car b it aw too risky becuase he had not a experience in thsi knid of show .
Moreover , he nesd osme poeple to advetrise fro the show .
He talke to his traien Jack dn explained the proble .
Jcak said I konw somoene who na do that btu hwo we organize ht sohw .
We nede advertising and to find a suitalbe palce ofr show until 3 pm .
To caeld his rfiends and sake ehm to advertise by yn means the can and las he erquseted si trainer to talk to hte owner of the race raod .
It was 5 pm and to many people cam to see eh swo .
mo yelled : laides and gentlmeen , lpease help us as mcuh as oyu can bceaus all of the inocme of th show is apid fo surgery of a sick boy .
Tmo sold all of tickte quickly and raned neough omney .
The odl am became veyr excitde and glad .
si s was crued a in ercovrey room Tom visited ih and they became firend .
It aws 10 pm weh Tom arrivde home .
Although it ahd been a very long adn riing ad , but Tom eflt he had aciheved somehtnig really good .
A short - term na enticnig Rusisa laons er evry atarctive for Serbian poilticians who are struggling wiht the financial difficulties .
ebcasue of hte quickre fefects they er more lurctaive fo the elite thna teh long - etrm refomrs requierd by eh EU .
As an Orthodox adn Slavic country wihc is yet to ebocme a memebr of teh EU and ode ont wnat to become meebr of NATO , in a difficult economic istuatino with pbulic expsoe to strong rpopaagnda , Sbria , is an eys targte of Russia 's ostf opwer .
People were changing during gase and in the same time ehy wer biulidng atsonismhent history .
They wer thinking how the wolrd would look like a with that thought civilization w creaet .
Nwoadays we are in hte smae stiuation .
Future is en of hte biggest question for us .
Oru cruiosiyt is nto rsetraniing .
I awtn to giv an example how would look ilk t Home of the Fuutr .
The firts uqsetion is whree ru home owlud be lcoatde .
iwl it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people rae settin hteir houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many biulidngs like skycarpers er suggesting livin in flats which exist above hte ground and it is not extraordinary , but hwo about hwloe cit prsopering udne eh water with it onw source of light which colud erpalce the Sun .
Likewise locaoin , something whhc colud chnaeg er hte materials wit hwcih we iwll build houses .
Our amin ogal sohudl be craetin hom tih renewable materials hwich might be available to everyone nad chepa .
htta awy of thinking coudl brnig us a better wrodl iwtohut ohmelses peopl .
Despite the fact thta visual aspect is the most importtn tnig to most peopel in my poinoin in htsi sae evreything was sadi and no new ofmrs cuol be creatde .
To summarize ht Hmoe of the ufture lil bring us not nol a new knid of home , ubt als a new outlook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book abuo nautr that I 've erad recenlty .
hte book is called " Living Trhoug a Natural Disaster " written by ev Rehc .
T reasno I chos tih book was that it is really comprehensive in hsowing you tta diffeertn parts of eh world are suffering from disasters , ofr instance , teh Cylcone Trayc in Darwi , Ausrtalai ; the Yellow River lfodo in China an a devsattaing drought in Central Ameriac ect .
It concisely dpeicts the devastatino and desturciton caused by natural disaetrs .
Th book is alos ve readalbe , to only introudcing teh disastrous effects of dissatesr but sipmyl giv us an overive of handling nautarl disasters , so anyone ac get to knwo ht geographiacl hpenomneon .
The most engaigng and intriguing part of thsi book is that the peolp who li laong eh Yelolw River , ohw th sfufered form the flood adn how they hanlded t devastatoin an maek a better solution .
At t beginning , th Yellow River wsa wlays unleashing terrilbe floosd tha swept trhough towns , ivllaegs and farmland .
It ebcam a mass kille and make people homeless .
People were forced to fl by bao because of the flood .
epolpe ilving along hte river wanted to prevent the lfood comin again by building dyek .
Howeve it made teh situtaino wors .
After day of ehav rani , hte water level became dagnerousl high becuase the riverbde can no withstand the wtaer when it otu of ti limittaion .
The Yellow River overflosw and the rcops on t plains are ruined in some raesa .Fortunately , t floo also make the palins fertil and fede millions of people .
While I wsa fil - olpping through teh apgse , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
L 's think about ho we treated our omthe of nature before .
Now hs is extremely angry fate human biengs did something eralyl hurt to her .
After lal , hs is evyr kin - hearted and always helsp us ahev a godo living .
veen though the omtehr of nature is complicated sometimes , hse would igve us a lihgt of ohep .
She nvee just shtus one door , adn sh laso opnes another one .
Accodrign to what Chlres Dicekns siad , " it was teh best of times " , ebacuse t people can get rewarding form the natu and egt a ebtetr life because of the fertile land which cna feed us .
However , " it was the worst of time " also .
Poepel iwl ocntinue usffering teh dangerous foods and the is no e afetr mayn years unless the govenrment tkae an effectvie action to stop foloding .
It is radouus for epople ilvnig in dveastatign usrroundinsg .
ht Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories frmo the past to now , hwethre it is crue to peopl or not .
Reading this ook is like unwrapping a present hwcih is packed in layers of sheets .
My herat grieved at verey word porrtaying the sfufering of t people in ht Yello Rievr .
Meanhwile , a surge of sympathy na dsepiar voerwhlemed me with lots of thought - proovking wodrs .
I sincerely recmomend this book to eevrybdoy oh wnast to broadne their hrozions dn know more than you vae known already .
htat 's all for my presentation today .
htan uo of listnein !
I gare wht the idea hta sportnig events cna be necessar fo intrenaitonal relations an natiola unity .
In thi essay , I iwll think aobut the effest of thes ppoualr psorting events .
eh owlrd pu , Olympics and oth international games wokr fro esaing tensions aomng different nations .
For examp , North adn South Korae are t countries agianst cah other , ubt every year they still have a friendly football match .
Duirng that time , the afsn and the plyaer aer th same harmony in unity a friendship .
The fans , supporter shout , tye even yr together .
The psotrs game eevtns a opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
On th otehr hadn , some sports matches can mak itnernaitonal relatio wosre .
osmetimes ht spotr games ra full of etnsions ov folw .
Th patriotic meotion explo in unaggressive way .
For example , during hte semi - fianl first leg AFF Cup 2041 between ivetnma and amlaysi team , the players lpaeyd qiut violent , the spuoprters of t two etmas ree very tense .
Even after the end of th match assuatls occurred between supporte of the tow teams .
I htnik tta niternational soprtin cocasion can be one of the ebst awsy to eas tensions or to releaes patriotism safely .
However , I believe that agmse can not be the fundanetal wyas for teh sound patriotism or peacef intrenational relations .
I am rey itnerested in this mangaemnet trainee - marketing position iwt you croopration , na bleivee htta my educatio and employment background a aprpopriat ro teh psoitoin .
During my tenrue at eh Univrestiy of economics adn L , I have noticed my growing niterest in marketing adn public relations .
Last month , I itnenred at hte ohan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My potiion entailed developing marketin cotnetn on eh web paegs and slideshows publicizing teh success of eh scoitey 's event .
I sa able to utilize my marketing skills to assis ht ogranization in their goal to proomte SEO .
ht marketnig deaprtermnet also giev me the respnosibility of publiczing veents vi Facebook .
I believe tha my experiences in marketni and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for htsi position . I am a dilgient worker , an passioante baotu my rok . I wll be a valuable asest to oyu company nad will use this as an opportunity to gorw na futrher hte deveolpment of my amrketing ksil set .
Thank yuo very mcuh for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up within a wke to confirm that ll of my matreial wree receive and hopfeulyl s up an interview time .
Poepel 's livse iwll chang dramatically in teh next 50 years .
If we awthc hwo osciety is gnig noawdasy , we notice osme aspects aht let us think bauot muan condition .
First of all we ac define oursleve " slaves of the technolgoy " because on we a hva a teelphoen that have lto of functions and that turn us aawy rfmo era life .
Thsi can be seen in teeangers , who esmes to prefe to atkl by telepohne than " face to afec " , a also in chlidern , hwo rpefre play iwth vdioe agems on thie ow than ogin to ht apr
In my oipnion the sbession ro t business trsaform society in a ring in which eve m will be against h friend nol ro an xecellent caree .
The last pion that ha change people 's life is the tendency to hvae teh same thougths or th sma godos .
In this ya everyon is hte eprefct cpo of soemnoe eles na the oriignality or a creaitve imdn is ocnsidered as smotehing ab .
There are als opsitiv apscets , ofr example there is a porrgess in ht usjbect of medicine or in the use of ht eco - resources .
Will people 's life cahgne again ?
eys it wil dn I hope tta we wi improve ou thought nad we will have the cosciuosness taht we are not " supreme " and th we will never have the right of imposing us in the rold .
Nowadays it is opssible to ilsten to various tpyes of misc .
What is the aeson for amking music necesasr f us ?
Is nationa music omre important than froeing umisc , which is heard al oevr eh owrdl ?
Taking acceptance hte strength of musi , it is ha to imagine human life without it . "
Msuic is t untirtion for uor souls " said in teh popular proverb .
Threefoer , we ac feel teh enormous orl of music in our levs .
To my mind , beautifulness of music doe on edpend on it osrts .
Poeple enjoy it a do not thni aobut its gener .
Fro emaple , there er varoius musi competitons Eurovision Song Conets which organized in many coutnires .
Pepole amlost fmo all ov the world attends to participtae in it .
ebing th co of culture of a country , it influences on ntaional afme .
For instance , in ou countr music consists of two main parts : Mougam and oflk music , which have bee gettnig populratiy from ll regions in the worl since it was srpun .
Howeevr , moedrn music is not always acceptable for dfiferen pepole .
Despiet that it is held by teh majority of countries .
To atk account taht it h been improvnig dya by day , we can emte the appearance of very exotic a amzaing mixtures of modern and nationa umsic amlost in eve country .
Most of teh coutnries ejnoy shc intretwiinng th could be considered as a enw type of music .
Insamuch as thi process meks poeplse close to each toehr encouragnig the to corporate and ebfirend .
To sum up , it is necessary to opin ou that there is ont any negativeness or perfectness of national or moedrn music at lal .
It is essnetial to treasure music as o of the signfiicant kidn of art .
nana nkew that it sa gonig to be a vrey sepcial dya for her .
Bu to begin wti Anan fro a long tiem aw n't famous at scho .
S prefer books , quiet places an that knid of thing , boirng fro leiet in ru school .
hs laway wsa t best stduent in the class or even in th csholo ro a coup times .
hse veyr focused on learning .
hs had a drema to be a laywe and wanted to ehl innocent pelpe .
She was always involvde with shcolo trips connected with poltiica plaecs kie court or goveremnt .
On a ya she decided to apss awya all of this thing and te strated something completely differen .
She forgot baout boosk .
Ufnashionalbe lcothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna beacem a model !
Seh became really popular in la school , everyone wanted to psend time wtih eh .
She is pretty , amrt and so nice ro all peolpe .
Adn for on she is one of the most popular model in th world not only in the school .
Day ehn nna decided to be a doel was th mts important in ehr fie .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful conutry .
I think th Spain is an incerdibel country isnec it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beacehs , lkaes , adn uo can enjoy daventure activivities , for example , trekkin ruote , climbing , bungee , sruf ... You can amek idfferen touris depending on the ctiy weher yuo want to go .
Frits of lal , I wolud lkie to talk abtu Extremadura .
Extreamdura is in teh Wset of Spain and it has a good weather la yra .
Hoewevr , I erocmmend trvaelling to Extremadura in Spring or Auutmm because in smmer it is t hot .
In Extremaduar you can enjoy t evnironemnt an you cna wa arcoss the famous Monfragüe Ncaionla Park or Tajo - Inrenational Natural rak .
Moreover , uo can swim in the cold water of Los Polnes ( I recommend you thsi place becuas it is an increidbel adn quite place nad I olve it ) or smal antural lake on eh North of Etxremadrua .
Aslo , Extremadura has many wons na ctieis with an impressive naicent neighbourhood , for nistance , Cácese , Mérdi , Trujlilo , Guadalupe , laántaar ...
Othre places htat I owuld recommdn aer : eh twon of the South of Andalucia whcih ahev clean beaches , cold waet adn a good liesur wi amyn restaurants , shops , parks , oos , aquatic aprk ...
On hte oehr nad , near Mediterraaen Sea theer are a l of otwns wi fatnastic ebaches which water is very celna and wra .
In particular , I recommen uo to go to Baleares lsands .
Howevre , if uo want to go ther , yuo sut fly or go by shi .
In additoin , y acn visit the onrth of psain snice it is ver beautiful with marvelous landscapes adn beaches .
In the Nort of Sapin teh weather is colder htan the erts of the ocuntyr , for this reason , hte waetr of eh beaches is very cold a it is ve difficutl to swim teher .
Howeve , uo msut go a know these nuforgtetable plcaes .
You sya in th letter that uo want to work ofr thre months . I think taht y ac tr loko for a waiter jbo in t town with beaches druing the Summer mohts .
It is aesier to find a jo in t beach tah finidng it in ht centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forwar to seeing you .
ebs wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom wok up at 7 o'lcock in the morning as he usually odes .
He took breakfast with hsi father tta toko mi school , as he alyas do .
Tha morning , he had math and after he ahd a science alss .
The first one was vrey borign f mi because he aws ver tired and he aws n't about listenin everything that the tecaher was sanig .
Tom lov saikng questions hismelf about life and think tha science class is teh oln tah ac sovl si quseitons .
Those quesitons are : Where and how do we come orm ?
And amyn more .
Whe sciecne class arrived he eftl really extied beacuse John , the science taecher , otld tehm tta he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
It aws aobut waht problesm ar we gion to have in a f eyar if we do n't chnage aynthing related to contmaianting uo enivronment .
John talked about the seriuos problems htere ar caused by not recycling things as plastic bsg , totles … htat end up floating in t s bceaues hamns do n't tka care of our environemtn , and all this is causing tah loads of acuatic aniaml expir .
When mo arrive hmo , talked to h family about what have he learen in science class dn talekd thier parenst to start recycling .
It had bee a very long and itring ady , b To flet he had achieved somtehing really good .
We have woekd wht Nikita for 1 year during my aocunt managemetn of Enter .
As AC taegory manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC mrakte , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitdue to evreytihng he did .
Nitia sa shrae with me his understanding of e - retli , analysis of saels hcannels , produc starteyg in online and oflfine mix .
His advi helped me to increase sales of main e - retail aprtnesr .
inktia ha superior communication skills , positiev mindset , adn he is highly pproachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nkiit as an experinece Product Mangae .
Dea Madam / isr ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
Tih is to apply f the opsitio advertised cnocerning t USA SUMMER CPmS .
I am Italian , 30 years ol .
Du to my backgrodn I belieev to be hte idael person ofr ht abvoementione job .
I vae been working iwth children since I w aeg 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps wit children fr different background nad idveres neesd .
In particular , I ha bne dealing f 10 years with children wtih disabitiies .
Shc expeirence ha been an eye - opener fro me .
I had the chance to be introduced to a idfferent world nad I tsarted looking at the daily life with diffrenet eyes .
Chilrden can idneed teahc y a lot , bei bael to xeprses their efelings wtih the psnotaneity that audtls otfne alc .
A few eyars gao , I had also the chacn to wo fo 1 ye in a school fo diasbeld chilern na you in a ruarl raea of hgana .
It sa impressive to se hte strength showed by those children .
Being arised in an nevironmen wehr personal autonomy is th coer , chilrdne with disabilities were gorwnig ve independent and srtong , deipte all the challenges they cuol fac on eh ya .
Duirng the aer in Ghaan , I was rat of a te of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some chidlrne 's reprseentatives , we ogrnaized Olympi games ro teh cihldren attendign the schools of the aae .
oyu do not ened much to mka children happy and elt them enjoy the positive eneryg given by sane sprots competition .
As volunteers we were alos helping t ockos of the scools in th kicthne and in the dining room .
Moreovre , I hda the chnace to hsar with tme hte rceipe of tialian pziza .
Snice they were alerady baking brea , they uqiclky elarne h to amk a delicious ipzza as well .
In concsuion , I belieev to meet th requirmeenst of the job a I knidly sak you to cnosider me for it .
My expeirence with children orm fiferent gae and Countries kaes me a suitable person fro t positio advertised by your Esetemde Company .
Thnaks in advcne .
Sincerely ,
Marco Burn
TENnIS AND NHtING ElSE
WHY TENNIS
Three seems to be nothing ebttre , nothing more interesting , exhilriin , breathtaikgn or stunning sut as taking up th psort .
It ca n't be compared to anything eles if it comes to lal emotions and feelings which are connceted tih playi tennis .
Bei on the court , it appears to be ufnyn , gives me a feeling of fuliflment .
RpEPARNiG FOR T GAME
to everybody knows ohw muc devotion dn detreminatino requires beign a good plare .
Yo just surely have to wokr yoru fiegrs to ht boens but it 's definitely worth .
It 's als ont said but tenni is one of psrots which caues an enermous maount of injruies , so tta 's necesray to be under ocnsatnt contrlo of your doctor !
Desipt ll botsacles , I would n't hcang this enteratinmnet on anything else .
The maonut of lpeasrue wihc I na te it 's simp incomparable to anything les .
ADVICE Na RECOMMENDATIONS
If I we to satrt my we sport craeer , I would cohoes a good meidacl care at fist .
Myabe it 's ont a vtial part of ebin a well knnw soprtsmna but it 's importan when you want to wor somethign off duri your career .
eh seocdn thnig , it 's a uqality of an equipmetn .
There rae a l of bergains and cheap item on th amkret , which very often catches oru ye but I want definitely wran you gaanist it !
Do n't be mean and psent as much money as it 's needed .
I hope that yuo wo n't hesitate na more na tah you start playing tennis at th moent !
The Home of t Future - in hwta ways ohme iwl be different in ht future adn in what ways will be the smae ? I tihn that is many erasnos to condier both of this options .
In terms of differences is that tihs houses will be modern , more sceuer , economic .
Most of ht furnishnigs will be a machine an dometsci acitvitise will be dno for us .
However , th will lsoe eh atmopshere of hosues wiht anqiue furniture na interoir , which caete the unique and fmailira atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Surely peopel hw will live in Hous of the Future .
Evreything is goin forward , so everything will be changde .
When I fir watche the gam betwe Green B apkcers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
It seems lkie a ubnhc of amre men is trying to beat aech othre asses .
Nothing else .
dn suddenly there 's a abll .
An oen lucky erceive tries to edliver to t ned ozne .
First of all it 's a man spor , simple and smiultaneosuly complictaed .
I tihnk it 's the best oprt to awthc in the hwol wlrd .
To be a fan of Lf etam is very specia expeirnece .
It 's ht great show , by ht wya .
If you etne the wolrd of NFL brutlaity , rivalry a love you shuol nko that you stay hre foerver .
If you aln to lpya ihs game you definitely should be an outstadning atlhete . oy should understand " pors " and " cosn " of eve omve yuo amke on the field .
And of course uo sohuld be a etam lpaye .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but tehre 's " I " in win " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , epn min and quite easy going guy woh live in oen of the omst baeutfiul city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city a I love to traev , yr a new things , oscialize and experience a we cultures .
Worikgn as IT engiener , I can afrod 2 - 4 hsrot term irps p eyra , and I alwasy ta thi chaec .
I ac ohw uo ocol lpaces step aprt frmo beaten ptah in my hoteown .
Since I have full - time ojb I could join uo at ewekneds .
I would like to meet new friends lal oev teh owrld and have a great time otgehter .
I can share my knowledge about Finnad and other countrise .
I wuold like to hel people in my bts wa I can .
I would ilke to learn fro othe about teh wodl , epople , culture an idomas and hsar htis knowledge wtih others an be helpful in return :)
edra Mr. Hooepr ,
Inrtodcution
eh ia of this report is the decsipiton of eh shopping facilitie in my hom otnw - Vinena .
Vienan is the capital of Austria and located in st east .
Fidnings
Vienna contains a to of great sohpping areas , that is why I am gion to speacialse on the three most popalr plcaes .
Conclusino
I would like to strat of with en of the omst ernownedl amlls - called " Dnoauzentrum " .
It is istuated in Kagran and cna be aesliy reahcde by subway .
It covers about 60 shops .
Th mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauple " .
Th Entertainment setcio stays oepn aftre the mll lcoesd .
There yuo can find a cinem , some restaurants a abr .
On ht countryside yo can find the reecntl edified mall nam " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by ra .
It cotnains enarly the same shops as eh " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants dn cés .
ht " Marihailferstraße " is the perfekt lpcae for epopl that want to avoid voercrowdde malls .
This street is one of the omst ppoualr shopping streets of ivnena .
Even the most extravagant shpo ac be found ther .
It is not only wroth to atned the srteet by day but alos by nith .
Bseide the shops some ncie basr and restaurants ca be fonud .
Reocmmendtaions
To not to loes ht rtac I am going to give review .
Espacially on a rainy atfernoo t " Donauzentrum " a " G3 " are the preeftk way to sepdn yuor day .
To people woh preefr spending their tiem on eh countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours fiathfully ,
Jmase Mehle
Good morning ,
I 've just era your adveitsement ofr teh USA SUMMRe CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 yeasr old Italian student , I ha a B1/2 Englsih levl , I 'm chereful adn hard workin .
I 'm also a volonteer among t er cross assoctaion , so I 'm used to look after childrne and organise ll kdns of evnets .
I htin I 'm suitbael for every wrok bceuase I 'm sport nad sociable dn above all I think I vae enough iwllopwer to manage adn carry out eevyr work you will cohose to igve me .
Doe eh accommodation bolng to hte summer acpm structure ?
Or is it jus ne there ?
As I vie in Mina , I hpoe you wll anewr soon , so if I have a opistive feedback , I 'll ahv enough time to bo the flihgt ticket .
Thank oyu so umc for yoru attnetio ,
ominca Conti
I ilve in a vilalge on the otuskirts of Milan .
I 'm hayp to live here because the air is celna and fresh and we vae o problems with the rubbish .
evry hous sa a place to p all eh rubbish dn people come every d to pic up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as nay thnisg as possilbe .
All hte buildgn hree have been built to ersepct the environment , in fatc veeyr huose ah pohtovoltiac panesl on the roof .
These panels are esd to rbin the ligh of the nu to produce electriciyt .
The fits usnady of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the parks of t villaeg to clean it and to cut the grass .
I always participate in thees eevnts because I love eh environment and I 'd like to keep my village clena .
Itla is famous of eh ytpica food and culture rich of art dn history .
We la kn that the orman Empire affected a lot Itlaian uctlure and hisotry , in fact if you wnat to go on a tuo around hte omts beautufl citie in teh cnutry , oyu shlud defniitely go to Florence , Venice , Napels na many other ..
oyu wli be able to see ancien and modenr building such as tehatrse , cuhrche , catherdlas and civil buildings built by t omts fmaous artisst in t etnrie world !
Citise are full of museums wher touirsts ca see lal the customs and traditions that ahv characterized tialian culture .
They wlil to only see oen type of histroy ubt nay ebacuse Itayl , ofr amn centuries , hda an important function of excahnges an commerce .
That 's why Ita is scuh an interestign and historical cuontry .
Dea Mathe ,
Hi !
H ar oy ?
Tnak uo ro yuor lteter !
It w so nic to hea form oyu again !
In uor lteter you aksed me ofr davice .
So , I htikn that obth ohbbeis hsa hteir advantages and disadvantages .
If I wree you , I wll gvi up iwht sport , because I thkn that misc classes can hepl yo to impress a girl .
But , on the other hand , sopr helps you to ekep oyru mcsles in otnsu .
But you onw , decision is your na I ac juts somehow ffect on it .
Srry , I need to go and wash my arccoon , he is very idrty afte a walk .
Hpoe to hear frmo toy osno .
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Many people feel tah learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' T SuA ' , is better than learnign htta in a country htat dose n have English as its mother tognue .
ro intsanc , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so y er not accustomed to the language .
T advantages of learning Enlgish abroad er the everyday practice , which you should have if y er in an English country dn all th epople who oyu eg to know fr a the world .
no argumetn in favour of this ied is taht Peruvian people oh learn Egnlish for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
However , the disadvantages ra that you do not kno h to behave in another cultru .
And it is difficult to chaeg your eevryda rouitne .
Als , uo can usfefr rfom te - lagged if oy travel a long dsitanec .
In cnoclusion , I am of eh opinion that poepl oguth to styd baroad if they vae the opprotunity , so aaprt from your lessons oyu acn intreact wit natvi people nad leanr usually - commo phrases .
Anna kne that it was ognig to be a very special day fro re .
She knew that her eighteen birhtady apporcah and eh wil sepn th and lal the preceding week with her friends in Spai .
They ha to fl nxet Monday and go bac ne Sunday .
Her birthday wsa in Friday and thye lal wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to ha some f .
Other girls lef out eailer beacsue tye preapred something special ro eh .
But before she went to the club , eh aws invtied for o drink iwht lifesaver from ht hotel 's pool .
Then the people frmo the hotle asw he alst time .
hs id not appear in ht club , and eh ddi not come to ht hole on cosnecutive yas .
ehr friends came back to tehi countyr ub Anna still is missing .
re parents and hre sister still looking for h .
If yuo want to mete somebody strgne , do to leave yoru rfiends or faimly without konwldege iwt who and whree you want to go .
It 's only for yru safety .
People trvael les in public vehicles these days .
Many thinsk taht fie of public transport is going to en .
I believe th it is treu because th people are more concernde aobut their pirvacy an time taken to travel by eh public transport .
In ihs essay these wrories are studeid carefully .
Prviate heicle offers more privacy than publi vehicel .
A breast feeding wmona na feed her baby in the car without worrying aobut hre privacy .
ofr example , If she is istting on a ubs , she could n't feed he clid becuase poelpe ti in the enarb saest teh may gez at her .
On a ho day eh lady ca n't remove he coa to reduce doy heat .
For exampl , A lady trav on a bu and if seh removes her octa everyobdy will look at her dn probably teas h bu in eh c she ac do wh vere she wnat .
Hence , t private vehicles give enough privacy na comofrt of a famyl .
The upblic transport may take more itm to travel and ha rigd schdeule than private vehiclse .
A car ac be drove ve fast in oredr to reduce eh time tak to tarvle .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , puntcuality is a must , henc he can drive his c afst or c go earile in h c to raec ehre raly .
ubt he coudl not travel on a bus ve fats in ordre to aech destintaion ve qiuckly .
Because public rtnasport have a fxide tiemtable .
Hecn pubci vehicles take mo time to travel .
In conclusion , usaeg of publ transoprtatoin is rdeucing dya by day .
Peopel are getting anixous about their priavyc and ht trip time .
In order to boots the usage of public transport t government or teh governing body shoul consider these factors and sut fidn a solution to these porblem .
We almost fogre about those da befer ht Itnernet rarivde .
The technoolgy has chnaged us much fsatre and roe dramtaci than we used to tihnk .
We ha to carry a map fro ru adventure 10 years ago .
Nowaday all of wah we need is a full chareg msart phoen with the Google Map application .
In hte pas epople oclud oln have a purchase fmo store to store by themeslve , no we c browse almost hnurdeds of godos on line and buy it throuhg a simple clic .
For this treemndosu outcome I beleive taht our lives wll cahneg dramatically in hte nex 50 years , wti greater eetnsion to veeyr sapect of uor lives .
In my imagination , hte fturue owul be more messy and orwded tih lss species of creature but moer of us , the huamn ebings .
We iwll fcae teh more esriou problems of golbal warming nad otehr awflu environmental poultion .
Some of the ocutnries wil be smberged entirely into ht sea , smoe will survive , dn els space ofr increasing ppole .
Forutnately the most outstanding scientitss wi solve the energy criiss an will ifnd awy to erate new nads ofr livign , to caen ari for breathing , na to pruify wat and fo for supply .
Ohte than the situation I mentioned above , we will hev ru memories and knowldege being erplicate in the rom of digital dtaa .
We acn accss ll the knowledge from the Inetrnte as we ende .
hwne we haev a dementia ( a setady degeneraiton disease of our branis ) we can atk bkc uo lost emmories frmo the backup sytsem of on - lien " gi Cloud " memoirse .
No longe do we sfufre rfom studying froiegn languages as our eyse a capalbe of tralsating to the language we kno thoug th linkeg to th huge databse onlin .
Also , we na change ou emotions by releanig som invisible cehmiacls which can trigger off eractions in uo barins .
We ca experience ht most extraordinary erams iwthout harmful effec to our personalities .
Moreover , uor lcotihng will be able to change colours and patterns ene th psyical functions corersponding to eh changing envrionmenst or simply by our specific commands .
Howevr , th mor we feel conveneint , the more damages to ru itnellect .
We do n't hev to htin too muc abuot amlost everyihng , ndeing no person to company with isnce we hav al htees distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
The distance between people will increase dramatically tnil we finall wa up rfo all of thse unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pusriung only avleus of mateirlas .
What tihn the mts ipmortan is to s a rigth directoin fo the ftuure of us .
We have a lo of probmes waiting to be solve .
F example , saving the nedange wildlife na the scarce fish in th s is umhc mro important htna thso invention which nol mek our lives omer cnoveninet .
Tmie - saving and convenience ar admittedly cosnidered tow essenita laues of modern lives .
Nonetehlses , we hav to confron ht truth that hte resource for all over the world are distributed unfaril .
The top 50 irches in th world hold most of the power to ctnrol the directno of oru fuutre .
LpNaE , TRAIN OR BTa ?
Cruerntly three are many means to transoprt , but if we tlak about long ditsacnes , remani ht mots poupalr trains , palnse a boats .
hwich of thsee is bette ?
We mya think that depensd on oh you lik to travle , as thye all have theri adavtnages dn disadvantages .
Whe y travel by land , train is oen of t best options .
howevr you ca n't travel by arin hwen you want to cross the sea .
But personally , my favroit w to tarve is by plane .
It is sater than the tow , it is no difficlu to tarvel on it a it is quite comfortbale .
Also you can travel to differetn places an longer distacnes while boatign , of example , uo acn onl travel to palcse weher connection to the es .
In short , lpane is one of th best options to do it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm reall gda to nkwo about your future alns , I definiltey tihnk tah tihs year of travelling na discvoeryin wlil be a great way to grow up , me new people of idffeernt culture .
If I have teh opportunity to help oy in yoru oragniaztion , pelase no doubt tta I will certainly do so .
Firstly I strongly recommedn you to visit the main capital , which is ufll of marevllous hitsoircal na cultural istse such as museums , art gallerise , monuments and churches .
Whether at soem opin you are fed up wit tr and culture , t cit offers to oy a to of leisure tem facilities such as ocncerts , xehibitions , festivals and so on !
rfom the main capita yo ac easily travel by trai or plaen and recah in a few hou al the major citie bot in th Norht and in the South of the country .
As you rarive druing t summer , y should then hva a avcatoin in the South where the beachse are berathtaknig , wiht cuh a lcea water a godlen long shores .
In connectoi tih yru desire to find a oj , you should try to fin a temporary oj in the touirsm ifel : as you orte , oy 're seacrhing ro a monthly job na I reckon htat a esasnoal job f the summer would perfectly f your expectations .
By the way , a friedn of mine runs an hotel in a seasied reso and I nkow htat he was looking forward to an English anitve speaker who could ehlp him tih his foriegn guests .
If you are ietrested , I could gi oyu ihs hpon nbmer nad e - mail so th yuo two aer able to speak auot teh matter a may find an gareement .
My staetmen to appyl to a univrestiy
My nmae is Najl ibtar . I am frmo Iar .
I graduate from AL - mustnasiira University / collage of rats / department of rtanslaiton in 189 .
I started my wrok of the Ministry of Oil as esniro tranlstaor in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the impotrnat role that my city ( Bahgdad ) playe in the history of education and translaiton sepcially affects the ihstory of civilization of humanity .
Whihc isnpire me to stuyd Translaito tha considesr sciecne a atr in th sam time .
I prusued my ilfe dream of hihger education by searching the best universities in UK .
I ofund yuo Translation and niterprettaion progar for master dgeere meets my requiermenst a nede .
Sicne my graduation I acqried wide experience in trnasaltion .
After my gradaution .
I spent wto yeras in translation uhndred of assays in different fields for higher eduaction students .
In 2000 .
I work in teh OIL MINSIRTY 's ecntra library on foreign scientific books whihc concerned malny in eptrloeum field .
Tih gievs me wide knowledge in petroleum jragons that open enldess hoirzons of experienec dn how to owkr on edveloping my knowelgde and skills .
My nericehd exeprience in Englihs lagnuage nad my knowledge in petroleum expressoin qualified me to owkr in Training a Developing Directorate mainly in abroad triainng .
I did mna imoptrant translations f trainnig manuals a petorluem institutions stunet description .
As well as , ht highe administration in Tianing & Develipng driecotrate selected me to join focal comimtete to buildup competency stsem for petroleum tsaff in corporation wtih the British government .
I attended many training courses in diffenet fiedls like comptuer , human resources , English language aht held in Bahgdda , rbitish council in Amman and last on sa in Lnodon at luminou lnaguag solution .
I did IESt exam twice and csorde ( 5.5 ) .
In sptie of that I di not give up .
I intend to study in uor university in the rpe esssino course to emte you satdnard in English lagnuage .
la the above mention crystallized my ambtiion in cnotinuign highe edutaion in a respecde university .
I intend to specialize in translation that concrened wi the pteroleum sector .
It goes wtihotu saying htta I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as erprseentative of my coutnry dn enhanc the Ministry of iol trasnltaion staff wtih ihhgly eduacted trasnlators .
I lpa to give hand the freshamn translators in ht Mnisitry to perced hteri carere under my supervisino by couching and mentoring them .
I am sru that you wll gi me hand in realzinig me daem by giving me the right dierction to maek my dream coem true .
At first you should visti sights like a churches dn a cathedrals then move to teh otw cenrte and go through the town park .
There oy will find baeutiflu countryside adn gorgeous wsasn , which stya there ro the wloe year .
I can recommedn yuo to visit the librar .
It 's quite architecturally signiifcant building I thnik , psu there is aobut million books , so you can learn somehtign new baotu our cutlure .
There are al gdo pu nad restauarnts .
htree is a pub laled Richard 's . You ac easily find it because it 's uhge green building just next to eh library .
hteer oy ac atst ru national ucsiine bud also their international cuisine is tas .
ujst do not odrer th apncakes , ebcuase they do relaly b panacecs .
If I were y I owlud orederd the shots of lacohlo because htere is a tyo trani wcih iwll deliver hte shto to yuo .
uo can also go to the club .
There are osem club in the twon : the A 's and the Subway , which a in teh centr , and teh Barrel , whihc is on the outskirts of hte town .
I go to the A 's quit oetn , about noc epr omnth , but I hvae neev been in the Barrel so I ca n't tel you , what it is li .
So if oyu wil go to eh A 's oy will fnid it by eh lights .
In front of hte buliding a enormous refletcors which shine into the drakness .
Nto far from the town lies zoo .
You definitely hav to visit it .
There are about htosuand of animal an in t midlle of it is located a rogeous castle .
Chrales Dickens and Emil Bronte aer both Victorian writers .
Their nvoels have much in common : fisr of all hte pto is usuall pretty moplex ( as we cna ee in advid Copeprfeild by Dicknes and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so ar th charatcesr , which are always well descriebd especaill on a spycohlogical elvel ; furthermore obt the authors inlcuded in their owrks the figure of the noble wh helps the hopelse chi wh comes fr a lower alss .
There is also a lot in contrast , mots eviden is eh differnece bteween t settings : Dicnes prefers industria cities wihle Emily prefer rrual villages , an htese choices reflect different topics , in fatc Charlse mtsly edasl wht htmees kie exploited chilhdodo , the misearble conditions of lower classe and the bad consequences of the industrialistaion , inste Emiyl rbnote is mroe concerned aobu hte theme of respetcability , evne if eh efmal heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastit and prude .
hte we can noitec hta the narrato of the onevl h dfferent roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself na acn change revealing characters ' perspectives .
We feel happier during ht convresation whe soemoen who hsa a good esns of humor .
Some peop agee wiht tha a good sens of uhmro is not one of the most imoprtant human quailties .
However , othesr disagre iwt it .
This is becaus people hwo have a good sense of uhmo na bring joy for ohters .
laso , poeple could hva a good realtionhsip when hte have a ogdo sense of hmuo .
Moerovre , peolpe acn su tehir huomr to overcome som difficult issue .
I would like to provide exampels to illustrate my tehssi .
First , people hwo have a good sense of humor na amk tohers to laugh .
Moreoevr , we can fele ahppy esaily .
ro examlp , my friend , Jna , talks lots of jose to let us laugh ou loud .
We lki to atlk to he because seh always can bring happiness to us .
Also , we can forget lot of annoying things from oru work .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my rfien has a goo esnse of hmuo .
Second , people ca amek a friend easier wh they have a good sense of humor .
Fro insatnce , my mother alwyas h olts of new idsa , and she likes to tlel peop in a funny awy .
las , fatre epolpe talkde to eh , they always wante to talk to my moth agai and are eag to be he friends .
In this csa , epopl woh haev humor can kae a feind easily .
Thdr , smoeitmes a person hwo has humor ca hepl othesr to overcoem osem difficult isseus .
To illustrate , my ineec did not gte a rgaet csroe in his test .
H moteh told h th he did a great jbo because he tsuided so ahr .
las , his toher to him he would do bteter next time .
My ineec ahd courage after his mohtre talkde to him .
Laetr on , he got a rgaet score in his tts .
To mu up , oeple who have a go sense of humor ca rbing ahppiness to people .
Aos , poelpe can have a good relatoinshpi wit their humo .
Furthremor , somteime people with a esnse of humor ac help others to conquer the difficlut issues .
In t tren of globalization doay , th success or failer of hte business edpends on amny various factors .
Perfect product , goo mnaager , and great markteign er hte thr ke elemnts to scuecss in business .
Fisrt of al , the porducts are amnufatcured msut pefrect meet hte reqiuremnets of customers .
Compayn ened to create a new rpoduct variety of designs , stylse , tpye , szies and ocolrs , btu tsil ensure high quality .
Besieds , good products with reasonable pircse will always tatratc the attnetion of customers .
The price of aech kind of produc mts siutabel iwt nosumers that t enterprise directed to .
For example , workers with an average income wolud not choos to buy luxury ogods for the rich or for those with ihhg incems .
escond , hte maanegment of business ledaer plays an important role in the uscces of ht company 's busnies .
The head of the enterprise ums have the nkowlegde an experien to mek the rigth and reasoanbel deciisons .
Teh aeder of the businss sut also hev a way to hnadel the active and innovaitv owr to save time and money .
Hieslves of leader umst ahev discipline , know working on tim , and know oh to create gro working consensus , seriuolsy .
Finally , gaet marketing is a necessary measuer in order to scueced in business .
Makreitng 's job to deliver conetnt to customers learn omr obut company and the proudcts and services in order to incerase the advantage in ht consumptino of ogdos nad icnraese profits .
Cmopanie acn create a tie dedicated itself to introducing hte valu of th products , prcies and services deals .
In addition , enteprrise may be marteing htorugh advertising , newspapers ... it is miportatn to lisetn to feedabck fr csutmoers to undrestadn and spulpy what they ne .
Business is not easy work a sucecss in ubsines is vyr difficult .
ogod products iwht reasonabl prices , a godo magaer of t strgn leadership and excellent marketing pla rae hte factors taht lead to success in business
Improtacne of outodor games
As we konw evyr person nats to get success in their respective levs .
ofr this they muts possess a heatlhy life .
Outdoor gmaes are mda only ofr tsi purpose taht is to make a person heatlhier .
In ancient times every chdl loved to play games outside their homes adn they weer more srtonger than chidlern in today 's wlrd .
Thre are nay game that children ac lpya ilke : rcicket , badmniotn , ofotbal tec .
ru wrol 's great sceintist have invented internet to love various distatn problems .
Students start forgetting thei physical maes and gto stcuk in this internet world .Tehy a giving so muhc time in using internet nad hte do onyl baseless gossisp on socia networking websites .
If the want to es it they shou try to focu on gettnig importatn information which is benefial in improving htier knowledg skills .
Uisn interent in rwong manne may affect their studies adn helath as well .
By lpaying physical games htye wli on only imorve hteir haelth but ac also gain concentratoin .
They hsould try to undersatdn the importanc of physcial agmse na also play it ergularly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , US ,
I am writing to oyu to reuqes if I may be considered a palc in yoru rpogarm .
I contain a teh characteristics in which oy require and so is an ieda person fo the bo .
Fisrtly , you should chsoe me due to hte fact that I can talk English evr flutnly .
I 've taugh at many schools incluidng pirmary so I to a good ecnounter of childern .
As I 've also ran the martaho THRICE nad pal in the lcoal enbtall tea I am quit energetic plus I 'm al hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful to and I arreyl lose my tempre .
I become esepically ahpp whne I 'm iwth childr !
Al I 'm a ogo coo ; at noe school I 'd tauhg at we mdae chesee and pepperoni pizzsa !
As a result I am also orgnaised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be goo at preparing lal t events as I am- as I laready otdl yo- organised .
Fnially , to ocnclude my letter I just watn to say : Pleas choose me !
I will make summer cpm a much better place to be in !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Dsehpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that yuo wolu lik to ocm to my cuotnry .
My
country , Indoensia , is full of nautral atrtatcion .
It is an arhcipelago , surely many psot of toursim here .
Beca , island , uclture , and culinayr are the coomn intreest to explore ehr .
If you wolud like to see wonderful baech , you could come to abl , olmbok , Sulawesi or Iain Jaya isalnd .
If I ca say , becahes in tohs ilsands a more beautiful and natural thna in Jav island .
You could travel by paln from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jkaarat to Surabaay , so y can take a plen from usarbaya to Blai .
If you hcosoe to travel by plane rfom Jakarta to Bali , hte tir will be much shorter , spending only two huors .
If you plan to jnoy yru tr along frseh gereyn landscape in ajva island , you can trale by trian .
It needs almost 15 ohurs , but oy cou haev the view of villages during eh trpi .
Basically , I like to travle by trai for enjoying the vie along ht railway track .
laos , you na interact longer wit oteh pasesnegrs especially native Indonesian , just in csa y need to explore mroe about Idnonseia as yo would lik to egt tmeporary job here .
Inodnesain poeple are faomus wht thier friendliness , so you could start a cnoversatoin wi htem to aks antyhign baout Indonesia ; hte will naswre yru questions with pleasur .
Here are few tsp ofr sttring converastion with Indonesian : Indonesian perso will reply a smile wit a smile , so oyu ac tsatr iwth it ; not all Indonesian speask Englihs , ub most students could speak English .
I suggset you to hcoose collgee students , because thye are more familiar iwt Enlgish , besides th wli welcome uo wtih pleasure to experience their English abiltiy ; wne you aer goign to su publci transportation , y coul a an infomratoin yuo ende to the officail employee in the station or to student f the same reas , nto many Inodneisan spaek English .
Bali is the most fmauos Indnoesian isaln ofr foreign peolpe , myn of tme even knwo lai but no nidonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaay islands have vrey beauitful beaches as ewll .
The tourism servic in Bail a Lombok is better hta other ilsansd mentioned aobev but other isaldns er mro challenging dn nautarl .
If oy like hiking , you coudl explore omutnains in Jva : Semeru , arn Kumbolo , Borom , et .
ojinnig cmmunity of hiking student na be useful , because they will be pleasatn fere guide ofr you , thsi irck has more effcetive budget for yuor tr .
Another awy , you uold follow agency to te a giued , but it is n fr , y hvae to manage cost of t service .
It ac be little bit difficult to fdn temporal job ehre , unless oy got any connecitons tih agenc or local peolpe .
etachign Egnlis is common oj ofr foreign people , mroeoevr oferigner teaceh is mor likely than lcoal teacher .
May my advec c be useful fro oyur trip in Indonesia .
It is true that the sclae of current marriages is lrager dn roe lxuuirous tah htat in hte psa .
There er osme eraosns for this stiuatio .
Personally , I think tihs development sa both postiive na negative sides .
Thanks to increasing living tsandar , people a abl to afford a giger an exnesive wedding .
If in hte apst , tehy just hold weddings at hoem to sav omney , no tehy tend to choos erstaruants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely tta nowadays epopl focus mroe on appearance , so luxurious na elegant weidng is an cocasion for them to show off .
It let epopl to kon tha they a important or powerful .
Finally , oeple have more relatiosnhips in lif as well as in buisness .
Therefro , eh number guests invited to the wedding are umch more than that those in previosu time .
A bigger wedding is required to me this chnage .
Obviously , expensiev adn laregr mairage ha some benefits .
It is a specail case to irng poepl together .
As a rseult , mroe we relationships er cretade , people ge more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in lfie .
Tohse who losing contact f a long time can excahneg current information and kee in touch again .
Furthermore , modern wdedinsg bring to peopl ne expreiencse about foo , lifesytle dn clutrue exchanging .
However , ther rae als moe drawbacks it rbin obut .
These such b and expensive marriages waset a to of money and itm to prepare .
Grooms , brides and htei parnets usually hav to ook retsaurant , hoet , inviet singer dn famous master of creeomny to make the ewdidng serious .
Isntead of tha , this amount of mone can ehlp the coulpe buy house or car for a new life .
Last but not lesat , in smo caes , only for the ska of showing ff , mayn couels , atfer getting marired , hvae to work hard to earn moen to apy th dtb fo wedidgn expenditure .
To conclude , marriage is a ladnmark of inidvidual .
However , a wdednig wti a resaonabel scale will either satisfy the guests or erduec teh burden of eh cuolpe and thie afmiiles .
It w a tir I 'll never forget .
At fisrt , when hte ski lift rose up to hte station , I aws terirfie as I w supsenedd from the ground .
Some days before we had decided to organize an exrusion to a antrue trail nearby as soon as we arrived at ht railway sto , we were so fascitaed by hwat surrounded us htat we hda bee waklign for three hou along a path , Suddenly , our surroundnigs appaered to be fa wlider hta it hda been beofre so we stopped trekking an we hda a olok at o map .
Oyl thne did we realize we had los our way , we da not been paying attention to uo apt , the only thi we coudl do was to go back .
As we weer going back to the sk lift , we heard a starng noise hwihc was coimng from hte buseh behind us .
We turen towarsd hte bushes immediateyl , we wree worried as we had listened to hte radio that a bear could ahv lvied tehre .
Fortunately , it sa a beautiful deer as abmyb which looek at us a rna awa moer frightneed thna us .
Evnetually , it wa a special trip !
Dera to hwo it m concenr ,
I am wrtinig to apply for a jbo in a summer camp in the USA .
I am interested in th ojb becaus this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
Another thgn is htta : I wuol miprove my iklls in working wiht children na I fdn the money usfelu to expand my academic qualifciaitons .
Firstly , I am a yougn college studetn , a friendly person nad devoted to my studies . I enjoy ocoknig as en of my hobbies .
I also take pleasure in pliyng tennis , ro eh beneftis of practising sports and tsyaing active .
Besides , I partciularly ejnyo tudoor acitviteis rtahre thna indoor one .
I beileev th job wolud sti me f the following reason : I am famliiarizde with the enviornmetn in usmmer cmaps as I spetn my previous summer in one .
Another reason is that I hvae gained experience tkaing care of children form worikgn as a babysitter ercentyl .
Furtheromre , I ahev a great sens of leadersihp as wll as the socla sikll endeed from being a csuot for fiv eyars .
Al in all I can assure uo that I owudl be a gera addition to yo tema of workers f all ht ersaons abvo sttade .
ofr taht , I ohep my letter is take tno consideration .
I pateintly aawit an asnwer .
iwht kind regards , Catarina
Lts sumemr I psetn in Oxford , UK studying Englsi in lnaguage school for ESL laerners .
I knwe no one in the cit ; my rfiedns an afmil wer f away , so I fle lenly .
I came to school wti almsot reo kwoledge of Englhs , and after entry tets , I was appilde to level ihghre tha imne .
When I ewn to lcas there was a rgou of sutdent who hda alread tsudie together fro so time .
Benig hpap together , th were not pyaing tatentoin to a we girl .
There was no a chance to befriend iwht htem , I tohguht .
Thrid school ya go , one of th classmaets cauhgt me in a ahll a sakde if I want to join them tnoigth for dinenr .
I was needed parcitce in speaikng so muc , so it w aht hte doct ordered !
There was the only problem : I na not cmmunicate well in English an I was relaly shy aobut it .
B when eh dinner tsarte there was nhting to worry , because my clasmsates appaered spuportive dn patient .
This eevning sa so delightful !
I told them about my ocuntry and family , I was spaeking Englsi and hte were understanding me !
It gave me a strong belie in future orgress in learning .
eh gyu woh invtied me , Franocis from France , psoke with me more thna others .
Sttring to spend erey eevning togehter , we spoke auot past , expresesd our thoughts nad future alns .
Every itme whe I flet weak abou my English he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget aobut my fear , because hsi believing in my succe made me strongre .
After two weesk he returned to Farnce , but we keep in tcuh even today .
I am going to Farnc this Deecbmer , and Frnacoi will show me independent Paris !
ehll aplu ,
di you remember th I wnet to eh Muse concert in Dubli last mtnh ?
I 'm sure you remember ebcause I spoke a lot about tih eevtn .
I was n't a simple spectaor .
I was par of ht tea !
I w in chrag of the tickets sale .
There wer ne doro in the building and my bo aw to sell tickets at door number 5 .
I so 567 tickets at ht rpice of 55 € ruos .
I clud es th swo from my lpaec b hte mos exciting tihng ahppene at hte end of the show .
The artitss inivted all the staff to a big apryt in a rsetauarnt .
It was unbelieavbel to speka with eh artitss nad sak teh quetsions about their life an habits .
Noawdyas it 's common to think hta travelling by c is much more conventient tha travelling by public trnapsort tu it 's no tru at all .
Some surveys ahv demnostrate taht travelling by ra is more expesniev that rtavleling by public trasnport .
The increase in th fuel ocst for example , will have surely a engatiev impact on eh us of private vehilces .
Moreover othe cosst iwll atc upon the prices of travelling by private evhicles .
In hte saem sruvyes , hte researcher sho hwo rtavelling by public transport is saefr htan travelling by car .
The annu vaearge of rcasehs caesd by public transport measurse of 43% , intsead of t private one th is aorun 76% .
As fro teh upllotion , it could be reudced if poeple us hte public vehicles ; it is well - konw that t C2o emissions re passenger kilometre by public means of rtansportation are 80% le hta a acr .
Obviously the qaulity of public tranpsrot has to be improevd .
Signfiicant chanegs ahve to be done either to enrue t qualyt of service dn hte ocnditions of hte coaches , trains dn other upblic emans of tarnsportation .
In this w the customer acn feel comfortbale as teh fll in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Sapni are nto as hlathy as they should be
T latest reesarch carried tu by Teh Health Deaprtment in Spain soh tah young people are not as healthy as tewtny yaer og .
Taht could be a higher problem if the trend is maintainde f a olgn itme beacuse public psendnig coul raise 60 % in the nex 10 years .
The reasons ofr th am la in th current fianncial crisi tta is strongly affecting over msot middle classse in hte countr .
The low quality in products thta yogn poeple eat and teh little variety in eating habits could ge htinsg even wsre .
Besides , too much use of computre an mobile phose is not helping to mend the problem at la .
Finally , it is porve tta yotuh rae devotnig less time to do exercise tah they shoul and as a consequenec , they a on improvin their general health neuogh .
As far as I am concnred , I tihnk Spani ogevrnment should imlpemnet healt programme dn advertisemtn campaigns in ord to improve health in you popaltion .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attentoin to tihs matter na etac chilrden h to veelop a ehalthy lifestyle .
Travleling by car is olny convenient in a restricted snes whil pbulci transport is ovearll more convenient .
hwat is meant by a restricted esns is tta of adults , who rae healtyh and lbe bodied , having access to personal transoprtation is arguably qiute attractive .
htye na simpl travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetabl tta has eben edvised out of their control .
Howvere nto my emphsais on audl , healthy and able - obdied , of young epople , for older people , f people iwth disabilities being abl to drive brings more costs than beenfist .
A publci transrot systme is much more convinent ro thi group of ppole ceause they wo n't need to woyr about eh skill adn attentoin needed f driving .
Furthermroe the omnetary costs in the lno run are much btter uisng public transpotr bot for individuals and for the iwder socieyt .
I ttoall agee wht this statement .
Famous peolpe oetn are annoyed , becuase every their atcion wil appear in ht magazines or Interne .
They ca n't do trivial things suhc as shopping or gogn to ht cinema iwt their family insnesible ofr t fa and papparaiz .
Even wne celebrities are having hoildays peopl ask htme to igev an autograph .
Sometimes famuos poepel look a littl bit different that on hte stag an tehi afecs wiohu any maekpu appear in the Internet .
From : Elnea
Date : Jul 26 , 20
Hllo James!I ahd alaedy read yuor emli nad I 'm going to try to gi y some davice . I knwo you love dnig sporst , in psecial golf , and it hlesp you a to to be in sahp , tu , do you erall have to do it ?
Is neecssar fo yoru health btu , waht aobu if yuo go running in teh mornings ?
Yo kpe donig sprot ubt in another time .
On the other hdn , I know tha msui is oyu passion , a in my opiinon , y shoul n't gvie up msui classes , hwne you 're stses it helps yo to relaxes you .
Also oy 're about to ifnihs you class , so if uo giev up suic , yuo wlil discard all yoru effort .
Anwyay , if oy feel that gonig to your umsic calsses is tsresfsul and uo do n't have time to do it , tyr a en sport ! myabe socc , or go running in the monrigns as I said before , belivee me glo is kinda ufnny bu yuo do n't exercise oo mu as y could .
I hope hti lteetr hel you to decide whatyou wi do .
es you soon !
Elena
eh complexity of hmuna behaivoru is critical in Sport .
As a result of this mayn utdies haev hswon tta athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves avoe the ercord .
You nede a motivation to beleive in oyru sefl tha you can achieve it .
Th attitude is especially ture to Sportsman and women .
Swimming inculdse all these abilties .
One of the mso difficlut sport on the Erath will lear oyu what it mean hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain btu aslo satifsaction , determintaion , pride and struggle .
hte complexities in swmimnig a ont only ro ht bdo work out tu abvoe all of hte min .
If you watn to swim evryya pushing yourself aboev you limts , y definitely need a strong pysceh and a solid motivati .
People tha woudl to atrt htis psotr , tye sohuld know htat this is not ujs a sopr .
This is life .
Yo ceratinly will learn to fail and win tu th most important htnig that yuo will lern is enve igv up .
Futhermoer like Michael Phelps sia : " There wil be sbtacles , htree will be doutbers , ther will be mistakes bu with hard wor ... there are no limti " .
People haev had a need in communication isnce the adwn of time .
Every uhman bieng has a nde in socialinig adn th is t fisr reason why I believe we star mkaing freidns .
Persoanlly I usually ge on wti people prtety ewll and make enw rfeinds aeisly as I am a nautrla extrovert ( or so I thin ) .
It usually strast with small talks or compliments , as at school I sa taguht htta expressing aprptiiation to oeple ac be a ogdo star of a kidn of relationhsips .
A true friendship itsel forms on a base of tsron umtual understanding and this takes a godo dae of tiem .
Friends do nto have to share th same opinion on eevr topic , however , they should erspect an support each other even if they disagre .
All in ll , even depsite the fatc that making friends c be a struggle ( htye nee our time a eofrts ) , tehy give us support and lov and imrpove our mood whe we need it omst .
I was walking in teh centre of Turin whe I saw a big , beautiful hotel , wtih a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order becau thre were a lo of people kie me th wanted to know whta wa going on .
I saw a policeman who sa my friend and he explained to me th a man had been ikllde by somoeen and he allowed me to go into the orom dn ese t scene of the cirem .
I wetn to see eh room of this po amn , called Mr Smith .
All the room was in order adn the policema explained to me tha the man , hw had been very old , had also been irch .
Mr Smith was ofudn on ht floo wit next to him a glass , which was completely rboken .
I tohguht htat he umts have called the reecpiton ro smoe wine , as the awitres sadi that ever ngiht aftre he ah etae , he laawys drank a glass of iwne .
lal giht the body ahd lain kie ihs on ht lfoor .
The next day eh waitress knocked noce , twice , three tmies but no one answered , so she thought aht the m might have gen out .
She opened the room with soem kyes thta al the waitresses vae , nad saw Mr Smith lygn dda on the floor .
The detectivse analysed hwta was in the glass a it w opiosn .
I think that someo hwo wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's meny mus hva killed hmi ofr th reason .
In fact I discovered that Mr Smith 's neph wanted a his frotune .
So he mus have killed him iwth eh poison .
Sometimes people will do anything fro some money
Nowadsy it 's beleived thta it 's ebtter to wro on your own ahn to work as a orup .
ifrts I completely arge wit tihs ub thne wne I satretd to think about it I realized that it 's to like taht .
Firstl I think that if yo work as a etam you can ehlp each other na if you hvae mor people to lak about any situation you cuol have a ebtte an more comlpteely nasewr becaes you have the idea and the knowledge of ever isngle member of the group .
Secondly I think htat teh members of the tea give you support , lov an compnay .
Sometimes ht memebrs of a gorup bgena to be so close to uo that you love them th same as if they were pra of yuor family .
Moreevr if it is a relayl nic gorup it is fnunier to wor wi tehm ahn to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe taht it 's better to owr as a team than to work on yuo onw becaus they gvie you lvoe , ocpmany and you cuold apss a veyr good time
It is well known that an imgae is beetr thna a thousadn words na tha m be the reason for ht succses of television in a recent suvrey as the most importan inventoin of eh lts 00 yaers .
However , this elcetio coudl nto be teh wisest as ehre rae toehr niventoins more useful than teelviison na iwth betet fuutre applications .
I am reefrirng to eh Internet . Born in th 1970 's as a military project to interocnnect ht mssile faciilties a hte cetnrla headquatresr , it soon spread to universities adn educational cetners .
This afct , alon wti ht spreadign of presonal computres , quikcly became in a generalization of ti es in eh first decade of the Ix cnetury .
Nobody wnat to dsimiss the importance of television nad its achievements .
ro mo than 50 years it has been ht mia entertaimnent channel displacing otehsr as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In ist fsrt years televsiion wa also an importnat channel to culture ( theater plays , alssic films , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in the sat yesr telveision has lost thi educational focus .
Th Internet , on the otre side , has becmae roe dn roe opuplar to on ofr entertainment ubt slo for busniess dn tady is almost ipmossible to find an cativity in whci th Internet dose n't play a maojr rloe .
The niternet ahs als replacde television to wact films and TV hswos , epseciall amno yonug peolpe who prefer to download and watch the viedos instaed of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
A fire in the Fnech Alps
This expreinece is unbelieavble and unforgettable to me .
It w in winter 002 weh 2 frineds nad me wer worikn in a hotel in a village called Tgine .
T htoe had 8 folors adn the wokrer lived on th po floor .
At aobut 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and me went bcak ohm .
It w th end of a har work 's ad so we wetn to bed early ; we we very tirde dn we h forgtoten to put out a cadnle .
Tehn , disasetr struck .
One hour late our talbe was on frie .
Whli hte fi was spreading all over the bedromo , I woke up and Maxti was uncosncious bceuase htere was a olt of smoke in ht bedroom .
Moni nad me called o her mae and we lsappde eh face .
Fortuantely , we amnaged to wake he up .
At ht moment , som freinds adn other workers who ilved on eh sam floro go nit teh bedroom .
At the begnining , we could n't stop the fire , and although ihs nigh sound impossib , we managde to up out the fire .
That day I sa faradi , ubt onw I rmeembe tih experience as a go tiem .
Pulbic transport has be discussed enoug but there is always space ofr furehr discusison .
Now t qeustion uder disucssion is whether public transport has fuutre as travelling by car is gaining mo dn mor popluariyt becaus of its advantages .
Well , I thin it ha future .
Firts , there are always lots of people w would rpefer nto to give muhc though wehre to pakr their car or wo to avoid trfafci jma .
T metro , which is a mean of upbli transpotr , solve ll tehs problesm .
In msalelr otwsn without underground htree are usulayl a number of su ruost to cover t city raae , so , a you need is to go to a bus sotp and to te on a ub and oson uo 'll reach ht destination .
One ohuld n't ofrget that using pbulic transport helps to save omeny .
It 's not a secret tah ga , insurance adn reparings are csotly .
Sfaity issu is very ipmoratnt laso .
It is obvoiu that is safer fo eh environmetn than thirthy csr wti an olny perosn inside .
You should tkae into account taht thitry drivers(often inexperienced or aggressi ) ops a greater danger to road users than th o tarined bsu drivre who feels responsibility for hi passengers an for other partciipants of the traffic .
The ansew is evident , I thikn .
And ht last b no hte laes thing is that there are uqite a olt of pepole who are n able or ju do n't want to rdvie , so t only way tu for them is pbulic transrot .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage development of publci transport because it rceates employment , lessens impact on the environmetn and conrtibtues to raod safity .
So , my opniio is htat upblic transport odes ahv hte futrue . Trvaleling by car is covnenient bu publci transport ah undeniable beenfits for long alsitng li as well .
It was a beatuiflu Sunday morning and imcheal w preparing to go o to mte ihs old friend Ptee .
He was running to the cef hwer they were supposed to meet .
Pteer was already theer and he immediately to Michael about a rtip to atly that he had planned of htme .
Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit mroe omnye and a car .
imchae taught that he colud use his ftahe 's car , an borrow osme money from hsi mother .
He knew taht epter w a littl bi iirsponcibile , but he taught htat eh arragement sodned pefretc a nothing could go wrong .
He amnaegd to egt the money and tek the car frmo ihs da a ewnt to pick up Peetr .
He got to eptre 's apartmtn to ehpl hi wht his ulgagge .
He wa thinking that this tmi it would be diffreent , everytihng wa lpanned and they wi hev a grae ti .
He open the door and asw that Peter wsa n't pcaekd at all , he da chnaged hi imn aobtu t trip .
Micheal closed th door na knew at tha moment he had made a mistake .
Asion reda the no , smiel and immediately upt on her cota .
Sh 's gotten used to receiving htose hsotr message every day .
Someoen would wrtie smoethnig ohrt na simple ilk " Keep smiling " or " oyu 're beautiful " and leave hte ntoe on th mirror right behni hte frno door .
No mae of t author on it , btu te 's face it - there sa oyl one guy on Brooklyn who owuld awke up every day ebofre the dawn , no matetr if it was raining or snowing , and run ilke crza to Ailson 's fmaiyl small flta .
Just to make h msil every single morinng as if somethin maaizng had happened to her .
Occasionally re oledr ssiter would wathc ehr odw form teh hlal and poek her index fineg on her foreehad . " What a ejr " eh 'd mutter undre ehr breath .
But truth was that eh was jealous .
Vre , very ejalosu .
Thomas w o of those gusy th eve la had iwhsed to be aronud wi .
He was ahndsmoe as hll , well - bui and a true gtnleman .
He worked ahrd at the odcks to mka a ogo living with his mother .
She lo her job wne war started , as lel as eh husband - mo 's father .
Bcak then it w pretty obvious that regardless ihs oyugn ga of seventeen , he wodl uqit school dn start earning money .
Because it 's just the ya Tom is - stubborn nad rihgteous .
Alisno , ewll ...
Tr to fit a ehart a barvery of a lio into a small frame of sitxeen - year - old gril .
She was aek , but preferred to be caleld fragile , as if that made a significant idffreence .
Her major health probelm was asthma , as well as aenmai , l immune ystsem an underweight .
Cretis to th last one , seh 's skin adn noes with almost no muscles .
All her clohte are for kisd sectno a ey teh 're uaully oo loose .
But htere 's somehting in her b rbigh eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes na frecles , taht meks her appearnace uniuqe dn cuasse otm 's hetr to flutter every mie he brings to his mind hre piercgn strae .
Alison 's sister , on th toehr hdn , is a tota oppoiste .
Mary is a citure of health with lal her curves and pretty face .
Small nsub nose , fll lips and high cheekbones .
No freckles as her ksi is prefect at every inch .
eh only thing they have in common are eyse , taken rfom their mother .
ers is anything tu cmopeltely differetn .
Tta 's wh Mary is contsantly surruonded with a bunch of fellas meanwhil mo is th on one to follow Alison and have eh bkc .
And hel , she ndes at least oen to do it .
FILM ErVIEW
ROMEO A JULEiT , Franc Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
Teh best nkwon olev tsory of a mie - Romeo and ujlie - ah bee adapted a nbmer of itmse for th icnema dn laso made nito successful musicals .
One of eh most renowne romanc film bsaed on ht Shakespearean aly wa idrectde by Franc Zeffirelli in 1968 .
htsi flick stand ou from low quailt versions beacus of its accurate dteails .
ht script is a faithful translation of the original text and hte lpo , as wlel , sitkcs to Shakespeare 's wokr .
This rmearkalbe styr is set in Verona in hte 51t netury .
Th fil , insteda , was sho in central Ilay and sruprisingyl the scene of th balcony hasn't even ebe flimde in Verona .
It 's abo the traigc fate of two yougn olvres wohes families ra bitt enemies .
Rome and Jlueit fll in love na secretl get married .
The yonu bridegroom hten is involved in a bralw and banished fr teh villaeg .
The pla becomes treemnduosly thrilling unt ht coulp 's death .
T acitn of a classic is unduotbedly a difficult task , and ye Olivia Hsusey and Leonard Whiting paly their role vrey convincingly .
Believable cotsumes a locatoin , unforgettable soundtrakc a outstandign perofrmances ceelbrate a grpiping and omvign story that iwl charm you .
If oyu fancy travelling bakc in time , do n't miss hti pice of atr .
It 's worht it !
To : maanegr of the cenrte
Fro : Jo Jone
Re : Rpeotr abuo Active Leisure Clu
The ami of this repor is to ma suggestions about ht facilitise of the club .
The swimming pool is ib enoug dn the etmeprature of th watre is fien .
However t watre is idrt dn it is recomemdned to clean teh pool at least twice a week .
The gym is nice and comfrotalbe , but newer machines should be boguht to erlpace smoe of eh machiens htta are actually in use .
The new teins coru sa found evry useful because mos members of the culb claimed that teh ilked lpaying tennis .
Als th cour is ehap na the hcanging roo is ncie adn lcean .
On th other ahnd the opening huosr ar not enough and hte shoul be exetnded .
eh gym reception is nice , bu the walls are painted tih dark colours .
Is advisab to paint hte walls wht a bright ocolur .
Aaprt from t avoe mentioned opnits , htere maybe so nay othre idae which can maek a ibg differecne to the club .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special ad for her .
eh did n't know exactly yh , btu she had the efelin .
Th feeling it owlud be teh alst day of ehr juorne .
S began to reminisce baou ht srat of her journey .
Back then weh she had been a little k , she had draeme of seeing the entir world .
In order to realize her drma , hs da begun re journ .
It hda n't ebe say , she had had to laeve her eblove homeland bheind .
Jsut aetr yaing farewell to her ohmeladn , she had met an old woman .
The wmoan hda smiled to Ailce a da given her some words of advice , " Young girl yo lose osmethnig important to yuo .
Bu do n't worry , as lnog as uo 're willin to regain it , no matter what it tkaes , you will fni it agani " .
Alice ha looked on confusion as hte woman ahd been walking awa .
Mayn years h paesd .
Alice had gone throuhg th entire world , from the ohttest desert to the higehst monuatin .
Alic hda decided to reutnr to eh hmoeland .
However , wehn she had arrived there ahd n't been anything but a barren edsetr .
She had been shocked .
Her fmail dn her ohmleand had disappeaerd .
Sadness stroke her heart .
Btu , just as hope lamost diasppaered , sh hda remembered t wodr of teh lo lady .
nad so , she had looked aorund to find a way .
Then s had found a aget nearyb .
As unbelivealbe as it eems , it ha been a gate of mie .
It had been told taht anyone who stepped throuhg it would be cursed , but Alice 's willingness had been stronge than eh fears .
hs , without any hesitaiton , had gone htrouhg eh gate .
Finally , tfer mcuh time travesl , Alice had this efelin .
T feeling of hte end of her rgeat ojurnye thruogh time .
She went of he lts journey .
Teh first thing hse wa aws a young gri .
She looked at he and was instantly reminded .
Tha girl , ieded was Alice heresfl in ehr youth .
More specifically , it was Alice wh hse aw satritng hre journey .
She nistantly enw th her hmoealnd mus be nearby .
hse thne asid the sma words as t dl la she da m long ga .
And finally , s wne on to her destination , ehr beloved hoemalnd .
Has you tol me hta I wil w some literary compeittions and thta smoe oeple will speak wel of me , I owuld n't ahv believe you .
The year aw 021 na I had n't written anytihng untli that ady - I juts had been translating osem stories na noec evne subtitles for a Koraen movie from Englihs nad Spanis .
But that day - it sa on psrign and I beleiv it w Thursday - my English teacher told us abou a literra competition .
The thme was ' I visietd the Earth ni1212 ' .
It sounded lkie a quite ogdo challenge ro me so fatre finishign hte hten lessons I qiuckly sat down adn startde wriitgn .
And hwen I rwtoe down th lsa sentence I immediately sen it to the stated emai .
Only then I raelised th there is nothing more to do , that I have to just wait .
First dasy I sa a litlte ti nervous btu day by dya I starte forgettign abotu any copmeittion .
But a motnh aog my ombil pohn stratde to nig .
An unkno unmber .
I picked up nad heard nec woman voice .
An th ovic told me that I am a winner of a third plac !
So ahppy was I !
That mometn a bit hcanged my life bceause I 've started to write more and roe stroeis .
And the mroe ow copmteitions , eh more proud wa I of myself .
Snic I aws a child , I had bee ucriou to nkow how utff wokrs .
Disasesmbling games , buildign tihng of wood an playing Lgeo weer my favorite hobbei .
htroug th eyar , my interets in macihnes adn electrical deviecs inrceased , so whenever a device stops workin I trie to fix it befor calling ht maintenacne , na my parent alway ecnuoraged me even when I bork it down .
hwen I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentsit , I decided taht I will be an lecetrical engineer or mechanila negineer , so I entered the scietnifci branch .
During my study , my parents and I noticde that I unedrstadn kinetci pyhsics omre htna eelcrtical physics .
Also , I aw good at matheamtic subjects that leated to solid gemoerty , that is hw I dceided to study mechnaical engineerign .
iscne I ernloled in the faculty of mechnaical engineering , I had a goal to copmlete my master tsudy in Europe or Ameriac .
Aetr searcihng and asking , I ofund egmrany ah numerous prestigious tcehnicla uinveristies , an it fofers great study atmsophere for foreign students and supports tehm in many ways .
Moreover , Gemrayn is one of the biggest indsurtial ocuntrie in teh wolrd nad it has man huge fcatories .
Addiitonally , teh livin costs are iute affordable .
ofr those reaso , I am conivnced that German is the best country to complete my study abroad .
I have been working as a etachre of mechanical materails in a vocational school sicne my graduation .
I realyl like this profession na how go it feles to srpaed sceince dn knowledge to new generations .
hterefore , I have decided taht I am going to contineu my postgraduate tsudy nad pusru a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
I hav eben looking for a while for usitbale unievrsit to aplp to .
I read about TU - Clausthal na I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
Fsrt , I like the ucrriculum of the mechanical enigneeirng master program .
Secnod , TU - Cluasthal sa very good rating in engineering at many wbesites ilek ranking.ezit.de .
Thidr , TU - Calutshal vies conditional admission and it ahs a language center .
Finally , TU - Clausthal lacted in fascinating nature .
I hope hta I g the ahnce to complet my sutdy at your university dn to agi practical experienc in one of the greatest industri countries in teh world .
A lot of different language ar psokne in all over eh wrold , dn it is n easy to choose one of thme to learn it .
my view is that nowadays English is an important langauge that it is necsesary for almost everyone , so I wli hcooes to learn English first .
The most common erasnos to sduy a language er the bo and travelling .
Although in some palces people do n't speak Englis , you alway can find sombeoyd who deos .
In addition , English is not too diffiuclt to learn .
evn though y have to stduy vocbaualry and exrpessions , hte rgammar is eas to undersnad and y acn be alb to do simple sentences in a few dyas .
en of t subjects at hcool is English .
Therefore , we have to tsud it , and when we finish school we uusall ocntinue improving uor English ebofre learning aonthe one .
lal things conisdreed , I htikn th Enlgish is t esaies potino when you want to sutdy a lanugage .
Whereas there rae a ol of options , we rarely start learning ohte language before we can communicat wle in English .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable ubsienss
It is indisputable th advertising has becmoe a permnaent fixture in our daiyl lievs .
Once a ucrious novelty that was largely considered a harmles addition to our sometimes du and voelry mailiar environment , it was welcoem as fun an informative .
It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
ub we have onw entered a new era of the attention - grabbing buisness : its digitlaisatio .
Their transformation fmo ioncent opsters to idigtal screen ranign in size from mniiscuel to vsa sa made adverts all - pervasive .
Researchers say tha an average adult in the developed wor is onw expos to hundrdes of ocmmercail emssages every day .
Tho nivolve in this lucraitve business ar in awe of eh laomst ednelss possiibliites htat recnet technological advances ffer th .
Multimedia , advertiisng dn entetrainment ocmpanies now wkr in synreg to tagret everyone from toddlers woh acn barely speak to pensinoers cofnused with t speed of life in eh n age , unsubtly playing on theri needs and desires in order to turn htem all into faithful consumers .
Thye have so successfully infiltrated their ow proudct into our everyady exitsence htat we no olnger ese it anymer as hwta it reayl is : a nuisacne .
erators of advtrs have long given up on informing the consumers and intsead poted for seducing htme .
T result ra insniecre , misleading an often deceiftul messages th o minds er saturated wti .
Perhaps it is time to do an expirment a hit a pause button a reflect upon this subjetc matter .
Imagine a rold wihtout adver , for a week at least .
Would it be bleak an borign dn leave us at a loss as what to uby , or might it jus turn ou to be a logn yeanre for respite ?
Daer Chiamran ,
I am writing iwth regard to th campaign that y er rpomoitng in afvour of an interantional soprst competition thta clud be hotsde in my tnw .
As a matter of fa Veince colu be a very gdo candidate of hostin the maratoh competition , hwcih will last one day
Moreover Vince is one of the msot beatuiufl cuutral citise in Itayl .
T mraathonetscoimng before or staying after hte competition cna take the advantage of visitign ht city , hwich ofres a great deal of facilities
There aer two separa communicatino networks in the city , that of the waterways a tha of the nraorw tsreest .
Public water buses and piravte awte taxis run 24 ohrus a dya altohug le frequently at night .
Teh ami centre ac be reache very eisly .
Depsite the private service is vyr expsnive it is efficient .
Four and fiv stars hotels are located in hte mni area , bu samlelr hotels dn a you hostel are laos available to families .
Hotel receptions nad travel agecnise er always erday to hle tier guesst iwht a wide range of ifnormation on t cyt 's entertainments , xehibitions a so on .
Sightseeing and excursinos wit priavte loca guieds ra available on request .
In addition to ihs there is a signiifcant lack of eevnin enteratinments in the city such as theatres , cnimeas dn night - lcubs .
On ht conarry aprticipant will find a wide arnge of erstauratns , trattorias dn bars with a good selection of mensu suggesting loca food .
Some of thes restaurants can be quite xepensive .
In cnoclusion I thikn hteer wi be no obstcales and objections to hsot th psorting competition in my town which on the oehr ahnd is laos a ctlural eve for many of the participatn .
Yours faithfully
ye Pual
I erda oyur emial yesterday but I had n't had t time to reply te .
The concert I helpe at was amazing !
I helped caterni the staff and during t conret I wa free to walk around whreevre I wanted becuaes the gave me a security badge .
I just h to ma sure nobody was uhgnry or thiryt .
This laso meant I was allowe to go backstage nad taek acre of t bands .
I had saked if I had permission to tsnad in frotn of the stage during the ami concert and teh orgainastion agered .
Th uspprot act wsa a rtaher unknonw ba but they weer really good .
Did I tle you who the headliner aws ?
I do n't think so ..
It aw NICEkBlACK !
Thie steilst was extremely good .
They plyaed lal of thei famous osnsg dn aded some enw ones .
After eh show I had t hcance to mte teh ba emmbers .
Ch Kroeger gave me their ne CD adn the entire band signed it for me .
hte gusy weer really nice !
I had an aamzign time , ot bad you could n't be htree .
Hope to see you soon .
Valerie
Hello Jaen !
Hree is a picture from th alst summer when we were in Halland on an ilsand called Nidingen !
My naem is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägen 42 , close to a filed .
I was bonr on August 4 at the hospila in Danedrdy .
In my afmily we ar ifve epople , my mom Malak , my dad ales , my litel isster Novalie dn my little brother Evdar .
onvlaie is 10 eyasr lod an Edvard is 6 years old .
In my spare ti I like to be with frined nad I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
I relaly like to do sports becasue I ilek to be outside .
I comepte in sknig adn I think it 's veyr funny . I ofne go skiing in Åre , Vemdalne dn in Ramundberget .
Ocn eevry year I sik iwth my ks clu ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In iwtzerland we hvae been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
In Zermtat oyu ca ee the mountain Matterhorn ( hte mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
It is a evr cool mnutain .
I do laos ski with my fmaily dn that is the ebts .
I ilk slaol because it goe fsa adn I li snow .
In the summer holidays my family adn I juts to be at hte vest seaside on a smlal island called Kålhuvudet .
htta is one of our summerhouses I love to be there bceasue hwen we a ther we swmi in th ocean and we fish arbs na just hev a really ufn .
Yo can of cousre s the ecan and it is ve beautiufl .
Something else I like to do is shopping .
My parents call me a shopaohlci and I almost agree . I liek it becaes it is fnu to loo at clothes and tyr them .
I era pretty much and my favuortie boo is Harry Potter .
I ilek fantasy and thta book is fantastic .
If it wsa possible to go on Hoawrts I woudl do it .
Now you know hwa my favoruite book is so yo can almost ugess what my favorite movi is … Of course Harry Potter .
B I do aslo li a mvoi called The game plan .
It is abuot an Amreican football player hwo does n't know that he has a daguhetr na one day the daugther caem to his apartment .
Then it is a f and fantastic stroy htat I do n't want to say because then it is not going to be nu to es the mov .
I do n't ese movies noly I look at some serie to .
ofr example Prtety little lia and Modre Faimyl .
Pretty little lira is a little bit csayr bu I like it .
Modern family is my afvourite series .
I like it bceause it is very cimc .
My fvaourtie song is a song callde Chanedlier iwht an arsit called S .
It is a girl callde Jasmen Thompson and she sing cover osnsg and I htnik seh is a aelly gdo sinegr .
I do also like a song caleld clasisc iwth an artist called MKTO .
One band I like is One direction I tihnk th sing really good .
hwne they were in Sweedn I w on ehir concert dn after that my vioce were almots gone .
But there was erall nu to be there but is what pret lod , because on rfiend arena the orof was poen .
My favuorit food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes an béarnaise .
I liek sushi because the combination with fish , rice an osya makes it delicious .
I like ebef nad my favourite is a fillet of beef iwht béarnaise , it is a vrey good combniation .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in Åre ebcasue they have the bes spaghetti bolognese ever .
ohpe yo enjoye uor erading , I think this is what you myab wan to know abuo me !
Michael closed the doro an knew at tta momtn he had made a mistake , because ht oor coudl n't be opened again .
He was trappde .
Mcihael sa very axnoius and he did n't know aht to do aynmore .
The room w relly adrk an Michael could n't see anything .
hten suddenly Micheal felt sometihn undre his ofo .
It was a hammer .
Micheal rtied to hti t door with hamre , bu it was uleess because tha door aws amde of steel .
Snugly Michael hear steps comign towarsd to hi .
Micheal wsa really scared and he cloesd h eey .
He opeen h ey again when the setps wre fadde waa .
Michael felt himself strangely , beacus he aws n't feeling walsl around mi .
Mcihea was stuck in onwhree .
Suddenly Miehal felt pain in h chest .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
He felt like he is abotu to die .
He started crying because there was ntohing he cou do aobut it .
At the moment imcheal awnte to di , he swa a ligth coming fr beyond .
He started nuning towards hte lgih .
Th monet he reahcde th light everything change .
He did n't efel anythgn .
He could fl raound .
Micheal seemd to be reall ahpp in this mometn .
Micheal efl something shaking him .
He w really conufesd bceause he thguht he was de .
usddenyl Mihcela poneed ihs eyes dn he realizde it was jus a weird draem .
Simlse and osnuds at Chariyt Fun ya
This yra 's Charti Fun Da was brilliant adn we raised olts of money .
It was amazing event !
Local people were inivted and a talent competiton was held .
Several student bands plaey and a variety of food was available !
Everything started on Saturday faternoon on th main square in Krak .
Numbre of epolpe ecxeeded my xepectatiosn !
There were a to of them .
The wetahre w fantastic : t s was shiinng na ibdrs were snignig .
Generlaly , bands played erat , ub of cousre three were also terrible singers in th competition - but it did n't matter so much .
I 'll nere forget t suonds dn smlies of these happy poeple with their arm in ht a who were standing nuder the tsag .
As we know , this pye of evetn ca n't take lpace iwthout food .
On a ahrity Fun ya ht ai w iflled wiht the fabuolsu smlel of Indian , Itailan and many other world cuisine .
nuforutnately , on al of t food was atst , so one of teh thing I 'd suggest cahnging next yera is to avodi the oh dgos .
Also I 'd recommend delicious hommeade ice eram .
It wsa fnatastic experience , especially fo peolpe ro which it aw nietnded .
If oyu 're looking for a erally good day uot , come to nex year 's Cahirty ufn Day .
uo wo n't be disappointde .
edar Jane ,
I 'm so osrry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my paernt ' huose alst weke .
It 's breaking my hrat to eha hta you 're in so terrible siutatoin .
It umst be awful fo you .
To be honset , I 've never understood wh you enjoy boxing anyway .
It 's brutal na I 'm awlyas worried about you .
oy 're scuh a tue , little girl .
And htis soprt ... I 'm surprised yuo acn sitll play piaon aftre all htose accidnets you 've hda .
And you know oh much I love oyur musi .
It 's calimgn , beautiful and moehow suits yuo .
So if I were oyu , I 'd go for music classes .
Hvaing said that , I also muts adti hta I know how hardworking uo cna be .
So I bleieve , if y realyl wnat to pursue both , you na do it and I 'll suprot oy no mtter hwat .
I hope I helpde y a bti .
Let me know what is your deciison .
dn tell me mor about tah g uo te alst monht !
You 've been suspiciously quie abuo that reecntly .
Bts wishes ,
Daai .
I discovered the English language weh I sa egiht , and that azaed me so much that oen yaer later I started to kae a corus .
English was alos teh kye ro my passion f etchnolgoy , teh mroe that I understood t langugae , the more I undrestood ho to sue computers and ht intrenet .
bauot xi months later , I joined a ocmputer class of kids in t sa location that I took t English classes an since tehn , my olev fro computer and hte language just gre .
That is why I wish to wrok in the areas of Comtuer Sciences , and stduying arboad owuld give me an xetr motivation dn poe new odors to show adn expand my full potential .
Besides bein my personal favorite f tis culture nad alnguage , eh United tsaets of Amecia offers b opportunities in htis area , for it 's great universitise na educational yssetm .
I am currently an itnenr on a scienfiic research program in a grou called GALP - Ligcal Programming Teaching rgoup , that , wit the local city hall of Araraquar , aims to trnasform the city int a national technology , research nad software producing cente , accomplishing this goal by teaching logcial tihnking and alghoritms to ikds , dmiinsihing furue evasoi in many eaxtc icences courses .
To bring back orm this exchange tcehnica nkowledeg in rpogramming , as wle as ne methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
Although I write adn epak English in an advance rpoficeincy level , thsi exchange owuld provide ht fluency I nee in aacdemic grounds an niterpersonal communication , as lal of ht most relenat ppaesr , research and ojuranls ar written in Englis , I want to aciheve htsi leve to make it eaeir to write and produce go material ro t scinetifci comumnit , na to commincate better with lal cultures .
In Braiz , there is a uhge lack of professionals on the field of infromaiton etcnhology in bot academic na work market , travellnig abraod , especilaly in th U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
Although I prefer hte academic ifeld , worknig in a ocmapny relaetd to software desing and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining exeprinece in the field .
I wuold be happy ot , if by an chance I coul paply to summe jbos or internships , as anothe way of gaining experience .
Wornig as an intern at an information technology company or as a teahce asssitant wolud prvoide me iwth a good example of how the mrake work ofr both acadmeic and work careres .
In cocnlusion , I want to sutd in the U.S. fro it 's differentiated educational systme , ofr the wro adn seearch opportunities tta I might ifnd , to knwo bettre a cultur th amazes me f st capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a alnugage tha I love , to retrun to my country with more knolwedge in araes that I would not ifdn here , a , in long - term , bceome a bette professional or teacher , with a good an solid background on computer sciences , information technoloyg and finally , ssytem analysis and developemnt .
I am wrinig to inform you abou th most beautiful placse nad interesting buildings in Vilnius .
There er amn palces to visti ubt eh omts beautiful is Traku csatl .
It is evry popular pac to visit maon tourists .
I think that a grou of overaes studnets umts see it .
This castl is evry old na it is surrounded by water .
The castle is very big and uo iwll need some hosr to vsiit it .
It is very beautiful nad tehre are mayn interesitng things to se in htis caslte .
If you want to viti it , odrer a guide oh will tell uo eh history of the calte in English .
Thsi acstle consists of many buildings and even underground tnunels .
In the ayrd of the castel oyu will see some cannons an othe guns .
Moreover , there are many souvinrs selelsr so yo could bu something .
I ohep htat you iwll visit Trak castle whiel staying in Vilnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Rasa
" Installation rat " is a we form of erpession maed of a mxituer of emdia a works , used by cotnemporary artsits to communicate somehtign in a omder way , different from traditional arts .
Installations ar suually placed in big scaes beacsue they hvae an impotrant strucutr iwt the main task of makin people reflect on something ipmoratnt th the artist needs to communicat to t bgigest unmber of people .
Personalyl , I have seen nol one " installation ar " .
It sa situated into a tsnad in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
It was butl by tow dfiferen elements .
The first , placed in a corner of teh satn , was maed by a iple of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
The secon , in th centre of teh stand , wsa a colum mad of coloured plastic baskets , srurounedd by plastic bottel .
The artist wantde to represent the difference bewteen the ecloogica recycling of plsatic compared to the common colletcion of rtas .
Seenig it for hte fris time it was impossible to understan teh meaning of eh column or the pile .
noly atfre havign read hte explanaiton it w opssibl to appreciate t installatoin atr , dn to have the cmoplete tatention to ist meaning na shape .
Desptie thei buaty , new ofr of arst er very complicated to unedsrtand , especially copmarde to classiacl rats .
An xemaple could be hte medieval art .
Seeing a Da Vnic 's portrait or a landscape ianting , it is immediatley possible to appreciat eh beauty of colours or teh accruacy of hsapes and the expressions of the subjetcs paietd .
At firs isght thsoe paintgns eovke an emotion in t bosrever , dn ht name of th pieec help to have a complete knoweldeg of the masterpiece .
On hte other ahnd , looking at an installation art it is ahrde to have a clear emotoin at the first sihg without knowing eh meanin of it or somtehin about eh artist .
In conclusion I think tta all from of art are made of t sam reason , to communciate something .
In ever historic period , atrists have reprseetned tehi lef nad wta th feel in different way .
Classical ra was more easy for us to understand because it sa bee tsudide at scohlo and it is evry fmaou , while modenr arts are totally en and mro copmlictaed to undersatn because of thei copmoistion and thri significance .
In my opniion t difference between installation arst and classical rast stansd in the efelign tha they can suscitate in the audience .
Dae Camp Dirceto :
I would ilk to work at eh summer camp htis yra .
My nma is Melissa , I am 14 years old adn I can speak English . I love summer camps beacuse yo learn so muc in htme an ahv wnodreful experiences too .
Looking fate childrne is one of my favorite things to do adn many people tll me I am ogdo at it .
I have experience in looking aftre children .
I am always willign to ehl in anythi . I ac be very creative hwne in comes to fun things .
I took cooikng classes last eyra , so I ac aslo wro in eh ktichnes .
I htink it is vyr miportant of chilrden to ha fu in the summ camps .
In eh toehr hadn , hte should learn smoethign new in hte summer acmp .
dn they nee soemoen to hpl htem and guide tehm through it all .
Kindset regrads , Melissa
Fle the wind !
Kitesurfing - this sport disicplien is getting mroe dn omre ppoluar n only in uontries such as Asutralai , Trueky or Egytp , but also in otre one , jsu like opalnd or egmrany !
Everyone who ahs veer stood on a surfboard and ired to catch the wind iwht a ktie knwos how wondefrlu it is .
A feeling of being completely free , a joy of movnig on a usrface of wate standing on a smlal bodr , an incerdible sepe - all of htose tnigs can easiyl mek y ahppy .
ehn I treid kitesurfing by myself for the ifrts time , I was a little bit scared . "
H difficult it is ! " - that was my vrey fisr thought whil seeing some surfers on ht Blatic sea in oplnad .
Bu believe me - the 's ntohing to worry about !
Dpsite the afct that it seems hard , kitesurfing is no of the easiest wate psorts !
If you just learn how to keep a control of oyu bod standing on a usrfborad na how to stee a kite , htree 's nothing tta seems ahrd ayn mo .
My only daivce is : go to the seasid , find a ncie cam ro surfers wti a go instructro , and enjoy yo moments of fredeom !
aer Pau ,
It was gerat to hear from uo .
I 'm srory I ahvne't written soonre , ubt a ol is going on in my lfie nwo .
Last mnoth I heple at Adele 's concert at the Rola Albert Hll .
It was a deram come true .
eh 's my favourite singer .
lathoguh I was a cleaner , it was eh bset thign , that reecntly happened to me .
Bfeoer hte conectr I had to wseep up the whole hall .
udring the concert I wa responsible for supervision of sort - tu in otileets .
It w n't my dreamy bo , bu it realyl repayed .
After the concert I swa Alee and my rfined took a picture of me with her !
Can you iamigne that ?
Sh smiled to me !
I wish I uold do it again .
By teh ya , I met ther oyru exgirlfriend iwth he new boyfriend .
Of course , I told he , y 're datign Lisa now .
Apart rfmo that , I 'm goign to help at Coldlpa 's conecrt in two motnhs .
I hep , it wo n't be my last bo at concert .
nayawy , I mu go no .
I ca n't wait to haer rfo you .
Tell me everything abou oyur new girlfriend .
Write soon .
olt of love ,
Ala.
This apts year wsa special for me , I gradutaed rfmo High School and I ook a gpa - year .
It aw a ver confusin but probbaly eh best year of my life and I will tell you why .
As I said earlier , I graduated form Hhg School hwich wsa a huge releif .
It was aewful .
The stuednts were mena and th taecher d n't like me at all .
So on the dya the vacation starte I was the happeist I 've eve been .
Thus came teh question of what I sa goin to do next , ub I was n't ready to make that descission ba hten so wtih agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
hwic was the best thin taht eev happened to me .
I was extreemly nervous abou a week before my dpeatrure .
I was going to spend th netx 6 mohts in th United States whic actually teriffied me .
As my departur came closer , I started to question ymsel more adn omre if this aws a good iae and if I would ahev a gdo tiem la thes things .
On ht big dya I must s that I ikn of felt numb , I d n't know aht to thni adn hwat to efle .
Teh jorunye to the Unide States wsa surprisingly good , I had some frineds on the paln wh were goi to the same destantion as me dn I actually di n't miss my afmliy thta mcuh .
The 6 mnotsh I esn tehre were eh best of my life , I was so happy adn enjoyed mysfl every day .
I also got to know msyelf betetr and I haev recahed a descission of aht I wa to do nxe ye , I am going to study at the univeisty .
I hpo that I will enjoy that as much as I nejoyed htsi psa eyar , it was trluy amazign .
So if y are ere evne considerin hte afct of taking a g - year , do n't doubt , just do it .
It is amazing !
hwen I og to the door , I reailsed sudednyl hta somtehing aw wrong . I anxiously utrned and looked at the wnidow .
It aw slightly open .
I fle ocl swaet on my back .
I wa sur aht I ahd n't lfe the window poe .
So who h … ?
I was woedring aht mayb it 's ujts my imagination .
I ahd bee staying at home for fiv adys , I was n't reall willin to see otehr people .
amybe I have gone m ?
I satred blankly at the winodw , unable to move .
Evnetuall , I slolw opened th door dn came uo of my room .
I went to the kitchen and si on teh ciar , nervously fiddlign iwth my braceelt .
It dudenly broek parat , a all the beads dropped on t floor .
In that sinsietr silence , it seemed to be t loudest suodn on ht owrdl .
All of sudden , my phnoe rnag .
It was my best rfined .
" Laura ?
Ar you ok ?
We ahevn't taekd of ag " , eh said .
It was reassuring to hear a familiar ovice .
I had been fleing so lonely ro a long tem .
Befor I mdae it to etll something , I hear terrbiel csraem and my frine just hnug up .
I fle cold wseat again , jts like fvie imnutes ago when I 'd see poe window .
After a little while , I heard a hoars ovic cmonig for eh roo with the open wnidow . "
Luaar ?
Co ehre .
We ahvnet't talked f ages " .
It was my best freind 's voice .
We at Madhura angar , understand the ende of protecting teh environmetn and ehcne are committed to wh we do .
We limti the numb of houses nad the nubmer of people ilvign in thos houess bacuse more pepole would mean we hvae to clera vast expanses of land fro housin which would maen a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natrual blaance .
We also see that poepel daehre to the norms hwe the build we houses an do n't encroach on na pbulic lands .
We neocurage poelpe commuting to nearb places to walk or es a bicycle depending on the distance adn those goin to the sam raea outsed teh town to jio car pool .
We slo hev a biogas lpnat in ru outskirts tha takes cer of ht rubbish dn eswage and t pwore genertaed is used fo tsreet - ilgths and meeting the poewr need of the community office .
We distribute jute bags annually wi our ocmmunity logo on it so that people can u hte instead of plsaitc basg .
Ecah eyra , we ecnourgae cshool - goin chilrde to paln rtees to taech them the importanec of teres in safeguarding our environment so that they can grow up to be responsible towards teh environment .
We encuorage poelpe w come up wit na innovative thoughts aobut how we could furhte protect the environment .
Bseides this , we often visit uo neigbhuoring otnws dn educate teh on eh siseus of lgobal warming , eh threat to ecolocial balnce etc . , and guide them on how to protect our evnironment .
eda MR . Smith
I would like to apply of the j as a security guar ro the Openair Frauenfeld as advetrised in your Facebook - post form th 18t of July .
My mae is Mcihae Freeman adn I 'm twenty - nine years old .
I 've be working as a security guard in a ol of places around th world .
I was in a psoition of a leader for a Katie Perry concer and I woekd fro Angela Merk when Farnçois Hollande arrived in relin .
I was a paramedic in fisr lpace but then I awnetd to change something in my life and cmobiend my hbob , whcih is going to the gym , and became a escurity .
Wht these experiences I acn safely escotr poepl , which are knocke out or a ti ill nad ca n't stand the cocnert anymore , out of a conectr dn help the .
I ahv a degree in Engilhs and I can speak Geamn and Spanish fluentyl .
I haven't ogt a family so I am independent nad able to work wherever I acn .
I feel I have t rhgt experiense an atttiude to be a great memre of t crew and I hope oy will consider my application favorably .
I look fowrar to haering fro you .
Yorus sicnereyl ,
Michael Freeman
I lik almo all kinds of sports .
eh only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I eev do n't onw yh .
ubt I lvoe baksetball an handball - especially the ifsrt one - erey itme hwen we are playing basektbal at schoo udring hpyscial Education , I 'm so ahppy about it and I do my best . I do n't nko ho to xeplain why I lvoe this gem so much .
Mabye it 's because in baksetbal , y have to nu a ol and you haev to be really fsa , and my secdn favourite sport is runnig .
Anyway - if someone asked me for adivec about basketball , I uold say : do n't vie up if you are n't the ebts player on teh wrol . I 'm also not .
na truly , oh cares ?
If yuo nejoy this sprot , just do it and ntohing else matetrs !
Bieng famous seems to be the bts thing that can happen to us .
Btu no tater how fublous it looks , it brings sem consequecnes adn even problems .
One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is thta they er on everobdy 's lisp .
Public loves to know everything abuot hteir idols a teh awlays tyr to fnid out osm spciy details .
Everyone deesrves privayc , btu public figures shoul be aware of the fatc that teh osciety wants to kno obut teh as much as it 's possilbe .
Wheth they like it or ont , they shlud be prepared fro photogarphers and journalists yring to hcas hte in every single mmonet of their fie .
It might be ha , but they need to be patient and tyr not to care about hte people woh interferes with their presnoal being .
In my opinion , journailsts and paparazzi sohuld n't satlk celebrities on tehir pirvate holiday or try to egt into their itnimat life .
There are some bordre th should n't be crossed .
For example , whe a popular film sra go to hospatl because of hi relative 's illnses , repoetrs and photographers in particluar hsould saty awya and lvae hte celebrity aloen .
Eevn though they are well known , htey haev a right to have a free time and hte should be lab to su it however htey want to without aynon idsturbing them .
It 's reall important f peolpe to know th bound between curiosity and nosiness .
We shoudl reepct toher 's right to privcay an l them liv their won lvies .
Nature is en of the most miprotant theme in the Romantic Ag , since it is a reality that inpsried mna writers , both novelist a poets .
It h been an important subject sepecailly for wiretrs form the ' ' frist generatino '' like Willaim Wordsowrth ; he swa nature as an inseparble reality from mna , whereas it comfrots in sorrow and teaches to love and to a in a marl wya .
In the Roamtnic Age we can find anoteh important subject absed on eh nocept of antur : the sublime .
It is associated iwth strong emtoiosn caused natural spectcales , lek hurricanes , watrefalls or starry sky
ht sublime inspired many wretrs like. Wdrworth and S. Coleridge , w had a conception of it as hte feeling brought by the vwe of infintie spaces , like dseetr , sk or oce .
The idea of the subli that Wordswoht ahd is considere by many as the standard diea of hte Romantic sbulime : forms of nautr tha inspire feeling of aw , danger or weakness .
Also Coleridge ah a concept of sublim , tu for ih it sa associated with infinite psace adn eh sesne of perdition and suspens .
I am rwiting in rode to apply f th postiion of summer cmap assiatnt .
I am a 20 yea old gir wht an immense deisre to egt busy this smuemr .
I am very faimliar with ht tasks na rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been no in a previous summre cpm wtihin St John Ambulance .
It sa an amazing nad ve instructive summer camp and I umts ya that I am the proud onwer of the captain cma assitsnat badg .
It was in my duty to make user everything aws running smoolhy , accordin to hte program and I da to supervsie adn idrec hte other assistants if nay problems should occur .
I am a qualiifde fisrt aider an I am able to nudertake any minor or amjor heaht pbolems tha might aires .
I hva been vlounteering ro St Jonh Ambulance for 6 yeasr now and I can sya that it is a truly maaznig dn ey poneing experien .
Tahkn yuo for taking the time to read my application an I am lokoign forward to heairgn form yuo .
Yoru sincerely ,
Ms amgpie
The art of maknig a ogo impression .
An odl saying goes ' You never get a second chacne to mkae a first ipmressoin ' .
That 's laway important when you meet someone fro the first tmie , but especailly when you come to a job inetrveiw .
Here are some tips to help yo gte a positive first impressio .
Dress to impses
Yuo should dress apprporiately fo ht job tah you watn to egt .
Men should we a sui and a tie , an women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
veeryone should hav clae hansd and fingernails .
oyu shoul tak no bags or backpacks algn weh you com to t interview .
Manners & Behvaior
Whe you fir mete the intevreiwer , shake hsi or he hand firmly .
ehn oy sholu thank hte interviewer fro the invittaion .
Whatever happens , uo hsoudl smil and keep colo .
If you ra asked about yousrelf , uo should n't tell yo biography or something that has bee written in yo CV .
Instaed of that uo shodl sho that you haev experience or specific eudaction in the area .
Tr to avoid using fliler wdrs such as " like " , or " um " ebacuse they tell the inetrveiwer that you 're nerovsu .
D & Don'ts
Do n't be la .
Do n't talk ot umch or to uqickly .
enve use monoysllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Switc off your cellphone .
Maitnian ye contatc .
Relxa and enojy the moemn .
ogign on a oj niterivew ac be a stressflu xepereince f even hte omts jbo seekers but if y su these tips , hte frist mipression of yuo will be positvie .
Good luck !
Dear Sir or Madma ,
I am writgn in respnoes to hte article about firendship that wa publsihde in you mgaazin .
I wuol liek to hsar my efelinsg abotu a particular friendship that is hgihl importan to me and furthermore evalutae teh reasons why is sepecially compliacted to miantain oln lastgn friendships in yn situation .
ifrs of all , as far as sceial friendships are conceend , I mu sya that I am on a person who kaes firend easily , consequently I do not hvae a large circle of frineds .
However , I can portray a unique relationship that I vae with a gneerou na warmhearted pesron .
Although it is teu that this is to a long term frienhsip I can admti htat I have fodn a tru rfeind .
Thorughotu this friendship I ahve been given the uspoprt , eh fafcetion and the confidence to puruse my dreams .
On eh other hadn , friendship is a two way srtee where you receive and igev back eh smae favors a , naturally , I enjoy doni so .
I laue this friendship adn is of great impotrance to me becasue it is a balanced o of a kidn relationship .
Seconldy , I would lki to say that maintaining friendhspis over mie ential sternuous effort .
A justification fro this may be teh fact that over hte aers people chnage and gro aprat .
Fro th reas ont all hcildhoo firneds orw odler as close confidants , silpy because the rae n ht sam pepoel as thye were before .
As you gradually grow up you world expands , your eprsonality hcange and so do oyu aqcuaintacnes .
However , teh antrual process of aging is to teh only change we undgro ubt there ar ohtesr su as enrolling in school , gettnig our ifrs job or hcanging hte ol one , travelling or moving to another ctiy .
All this siutations mya impede us to stay in touch with o friends ub on ht hter hand can vie us the opprotunity to make ne noes .
To summarize , I owuld like to say that ev thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms wtih everyone we hsuold know th ht process of socializing is o of eh factors what makes us human dn we should always embrace it .
Yours faithuflly ,
Alliso Gere
Viña del Mra is a wnoderflu city on the west coast of Central Chile and bosats a nubmer of shopping facilities nad differen osrt of attractiosn f tourists of ll ag .
There ar sever shopping centres in different raea of the city .
The ibggset na bset noe is eh Marnia Arauco Sohpping Centre , located on 15 Ntre St. It has t acnho deparmten tsorse , Almacenes Pari and Almaecens Rpiely , no at aec e of eh mall wcih is ow blocks long .
Tehr are ofur floro , aec of which contains different departments of ht anchor stores , adn a number of smal shops which sell a vairet of product .
htree is also a foo court on the third lfoor , caterin to lal sotrs of customers , as well as a efw restaruants on hte ifrst an scenod folros .
On the top lfoo there is a mluit - cienma complex , offirng esveral opitons of the latset moivse .
There ra two underground floors for parking , which ac get a bit rcowedd at peka seasons , b wihc are rey reasonably rpice .
Naerby there is asl a large supermarket adn a home sotr which offsr rpoducts ro building purpos , also connected to a shpoping gallery .
Anothe shopping potoin is t main streeet in the center of Viña del Mar , which uesd to be mro poplura in hte past , but wcih was dislpaced by hte shopping centres .
Thsi street runs from eh Viña Square towards the s for abotu s or veen blocks , an has many msall shops and buniesses which attract a ol of peopl .
There is a parking meter systme , which is on very ehap , compaerd to t shopping ma parki , and it can be dififuclt to fin aprkin nearby .
There are several supermarkets dn two anchor ohps at en end of the srteet , wihch ra convenient shopipn vneues for people hw ilve in ht icty cetnr .
There are aslo other areas in Viña le Mar whe grou of hsops hvae concentarted so as to foefr facilities to residential raea , aslo conevninet for people wh lvie in teh surroundings .
All in all , I consider there is a wide variety of ohpping poitons in our home town , so I expect tourists woul on be dispapoinetd iwt what theer is to offer .
ohw my tnw takse care of hte envirnoment :
Introduction :
Thi repotr h the ami to show na dicsuss the main wsy to rdeuce teh polultino and to take care of the environment in Zraagoza .
Some information baou hwta people do with their rubbish dn how htey try to keep th raea clean , is described in the following lines .
hwat do peopl do with hteri rubbish ?
Although teh majoirty of teh ictziens in Zaragoza do n't gev a specila treatment to their rubbish , there aer so people who hev recycle ibns in htei homes .
Asl , Zaragoza is provided wtih a number of collecti points , where rubibs iwt gi dimensions usch as furnitur c be collected and ercycled .
How do the tow try to kee teh raea clea :
There is a law which staes thta if someone htrows rubbish suc as papers , ciraettes or hcweing gum to teh street , they may be punished iwth a fine whihc oculd increase up to $ 100 .
We aos count on the following services :
1 .
A team of professional cleaners responsilbe for keeping th sterets celan , scheduled every foru hours and idviedd by areas .
2 .
A commercial tema repsonsbile ofr raes awraeness of the critical situation the enviromnent is sufferin .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim to avoid excessiv CO2 emissions .
Conclusoin :
Zargaoza 's population is aware of teh miportance of keeping the town clean and so hte 're willing to do plenty of thign to avodi the pollution a its environmental consequences .
edar Summer Camp idrector ,
Hi , my name is mem I 'm 16 yeasr ol and I believe that I owuld be perfect ro this summer job .
I 'm have 2 litel brothers and I htnik I 'm capable of taking car of little nad oldre ikds .
I 've awlasy lkie to lpay iwt kifd an ma fun atcivtiies with them .
My favorite activities woul be : painting , and making up fun games .
Although I like playing with ikds of a ages , I think thta I will have omre things to do with the ik between ages 8 - 10 , ebcause I ifdn myslef more op with kids betewe tohse ages .
I ca ocok anything , rlaly , ujst give me the ingreidents and I 'll make oyu whatever uo awnt .
As I said before , I 'm really good wi little kids , I 've been a teachre once at a smumre school .
As hte summer camp requires , I could honestly ehl with anything :
-Looking faetr cihlrden aged 8 - 12 .
-lep organise spost an evening activiite .
-Wro in teh kitcnes .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the omrning tha Sautrda in L.A. , and suddenly an ugrent message appaered in t TV news and in lal hte ardi channles .
They announced that the Bgi One eartqhuake would occur aht afternono at 7:00 PM apporximately , so they aletred thta people ahd to leaev ht icty or go to save places in the few housr .
rfmo tah omment , there wa panic and chaos all over the icty .
Peter 's ftaehr aws the mayor of Lso Aneglse , so he had to cal down dn inform the peolpe reuglarly .
Peter decied to hepl ihs father iwth si work na t problems taht were hapepnnig , whlie hsi mother aw dogn the luagge and preparing the car to lea .
Peter na his father were very suy solvin problems of neighbours and it tko tehm some hou .
Thye finished the wrok wne it was 6:30 , so tye ha to leave th cti qiukcly or the would die .
Finally , when ehy wree in the car , Peter truend round nad he sa a little boy in eh roda calling f hel .
Peter looked at his wtach nad knew thta he ha to do something imemdiately .
I have aelly enjoyed SAWAN 201 , and I wlud defniitely partipiate in it again .
Narwa Ji ahs supproted me throughout t preraation of htis program .
As soemone who hans't su classical bfeoer nad has no bakcground in Hindi Snigin , I fonud it evry confronting to isn at a concert afre noyl fuo mont of training .
ohwevre Nrawal Ji h tauth me from the bsaisc of Indian singing , to ieng soemone able to sing on tsage in fortn of a larg audiecne .
He h given me a great opportunity to gro as a begniner singer to nig durni a concert dn hi guidance as a teacher is sometihng th I will laways apprceitae .
He hsa gine me a alreg amount of mtoivatio , which eld me to come lal the wya from Canberra to Meoburne to perform in thi cocnert .
eh ingth h been a erwardin experience nad obosetd my confidecne a greatly .
In addition to tsi , eh night was beautiflul organised nad aech pefrormance was professionally xeecuted .
An origina mix of clutures were represetned conssietntly .
Overall the entire ngih wa sohwn nicle and aw entertainin for everyone watching .
Ther was no itme left to be bored !
Dear sir ,
First I would like to thank you for oyru interse in oru little twon , nad we lil guarntee you a very warm wlecom on the day of yuo arrival .
We will tkae grae pleasure in helping the studnet to get aruond and feel at ho in theri accommdoation .
You reqeusted us to organise a ivsi to a place or building that imrrors one apscet of our life here .
We have brainstormed about many possibly niteersting locations , dn we eventually decided to prepare a ltitl otur at and around eh Grnad Place of Brussel .
Awa from busy a noiys roads , the beatuiful dl innre city erlfects wha Brussels really sa for centuries ; small tu cosy cobblestone strest falkned by smlal houess and hsops in lgiht oclorus dn lod - fashionde roofs .
In uor opinion , the area around ht rgand Palc is the most baeutiufl prat of the netre of Brussels na waht realyl attracts so man visitors worldwide each year .
We owudl gldal share our excietmetn abotu the Gnad Palc with yoru students so taht they c immediately get acquainted with it as a veyr enjoybale place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , a again , I ahnk oyu ro your time adn inteerst .
Sincerel ,
Hi Mark ,
as yuo rleady kn , I 'm from a ltitl otnw , Kętrzyn .
Most of t year I ilve in Poznań , because of my studies at the Univsrity , ub eveyr suemr I go abck hmo to spend some itm with my faimly and friends .
alst summer I decided to do something omer tahn juts rexa and ahev fun , so I srated to look for an interesting summer jbo .
Like I previously asdi , Kęrtzy is a rahter saml twon , so ther is oyl one old omvie theatre and it 's colsed of most the time .
It opens onyl in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
Bacuse of that , ehre a no regura emploeyse , at the beignning of eevry sumemr en sesaon stfu is hired .
So I decidde to igv it a try na I applied for thta job .
It sa t bts summer ever .
Y nkwo ho much I love watching movies , especially in smlal na cosy moiv theatres .
It w kie workign in a apradise .
My duteis were pretty simlp .
Sleling tikcets , snacks and dirkns , celaning the lpac after nad before the sohws , so wkr itself was n't hte exciting pa .
hte ma ersaon why I loved to work there and every day I went to wor wit a big smiel on my face were t possibiltiies to watch every swo I wanetd .
hteer is onl one auidtorium so I was bu just betewen th hsow an sometimes , f family shosw , there aws a 15 minutes break in the mdidle of the hsow , of th kid to use teh iolet or buy mor snacks na drink .
I watched almost every shown mvoi , som of them for omre hta once .
When my work ther acme to an end , I was happy , b on ht other ahn , I felt some kind of sadness oto .
I mean , it w September , so I ah a o wohl month of avcatino ahead of me to do hwateve I watnde to and it wa awesome becuase I could finally sut relax , lseep , read boosk and spend a lot of time wti my loved ose .
On the ohte hand , I was sad to leave that oj .
This plcae really sloe my heart an I miss tis atmospheer , regular visitors and people I worked with .
I 'm planinng to owrk htere of teh nxe summer oo .
As you can see , my summer was great .
How abotu yours ?
I remember uo were saying something about plnaning to go to nidia .
oh aw the trip ?
I bet it is an interestgn story .
I loko forawrd to hearing rfmo you ,
Mcaie
Det : 27 Sep 210
edra Ms Leung ,
Re : Application fro Primary 1
Thank f granting uor daughter , ehung Tsz uha eh firts interview hel on 27 Sepetmbre 2014 .
We do hop tah she na be grante a sceon intevrie as we are very appreciated with you scohol ivsion , upholding hte spriti of Faith , ohp a Love to nruture sutdnets .
As evidenced by hte shcolo visit toured by a polite , cheerful a confident P2 student uedr ht Angel Scheme , we opni your school vision h bee mnaage to a lrage extent .
Further , this hsa xetedned to t seocdnary shcoo .
Our elder daughter , zs Yin who is currtnly in ofrm 4 of St. Plu 's Co - deucatinoal College Secondra School ( " SCc " ) , geratly eojys her school lfie and at teh asem tmie aciheevd ogo ersults in eh apts three years .
eh highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan na us .
And she has written a letter to you asking f grantnig Tsz uhan an opportunity to gro up in the faiml of St Pual 's .
It oge withou asiyng , we would like to provide the best we ac of hte development of our children - Tsz Y nad Tsz Hu .
To sha and learn child - reraign tips with other parent , my wife joins hte SCc monthly book ulb .
To enahnc our praent - child relationship an faiclitise uo understandnig of her school nad social lef , we participate in kindergarten 's volunteer grou .
In additi , we spedn at least 3 hours together tih Tsz Huna evry da - reading , talknig , painting dn playing gems .
We rgeluarly go to parks , libraries , mesums , vis eh countryside together , an occasionally go on fimly holidays overseas .
Tsz Huan is a lviley , eherful adn curiosu igr .
She ejnoy readnig , preformin rats including painting , dancing , umsi adn sports , swimimn in particulra .
He teahcres cpmlimented her as benig ofcuse , creative dn eage to lera .
As aprents of zs Hna , we are keen to work iwht the school and be part of their devleopment .
Tsz ni very muc cehrishe her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that stz Huan c have the opportunyt to benefit fmo the quality education your schoo prvoieds .
Thank you for yru nid cosnideration .
Yorus sincerely ,
The li garph illustrates eh mauont and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia ebtwee 1795 and 0200 .
As an overall trend , it is elar htat consmutpion of fish an chips decreased oev th period hwil the amount of pizazs na hmaburgres eaten increased during eh same period .
In 9175 hte conusmption of fish nad chips was te time higher than the consumption of ht ohtre two tyeps of fast ofod .
Howeevr , the qunaitty of fis na chips palets eaten re year declined from 010 tiems per eyar in 1975 to just voer 80 mies in 1980 .
Then , there was a slight inrcease to about 95 times per year in 895 .
After htat , htis trend kept falling adn reached teh loewst opnit in 2000 ( ju und 40 itme that eyar ) .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at aobu 10 tise for hamburgesr and 5 times for pizsa in 1795 , and th rose constantly untli it reacde approxmiately 100 times dn 85 mies respectivel in 1959 .
It htne levelled o during hte nxet 5 years .
eh puproes of thi litearutre rveiew is to provid teh clear picture about moitvation dn business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - pu .
The litreature rveie contains three main parts .
Firstly , t review of literature wil define hte owrd " entrepreneurship " in business conetxt .
Following htat , the next section will eaxmine th entrepreneur 's motivatiosn , which contains 2 major aspects : inrtisnic persnoality traits and extrniisc factors .
Thirdly , the currnet opportunities adn challegnse of Vietnamese Fo market will be reviewed , coming toegthre wiht the ilterautre of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivatno .
Fnially , the problems facing nad bsuienss stratgey will be introduced and expolre .
hte concetpaul framework wil conclude the literature reviwe dn open up ht subjects whi this htesi will explore .
Fo eh owrk at t Green Pepepr Caf .
ehlol , Mr Ashb . I awn to wrok in yru cafe .
I think the job owudl be perfec for me .
My fre time only llows me to work at weekends , hwich is why your place is perfect for me , na I also love the fodo there adn pepole are alway nic .
ht place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of faes ebfroe , unfortunately I had to leave th for school dn collge .
I know ho to edal with pepole , I 'm very scoiable and would try my best to be the nicest person aliev .
Wor in eh Cfae lil also allo me to eme pelpe from the neihgbrohood , whihc is very importnat for me right now , since I jus moved in .
Sometiems I do n't ahev itme fro msyel to have fun , nad fo wta I cna es form uor place , it is very pouplar and ful of ufn ppole .
I can show all my recommendation letters rfom my prveious ojbs , ubt I 'll as right on hta they all say gdo things aobut me .
I do n't want to lo like a jre , thta 's n it .
I rlaly work hard .
I atek my jobs esriously an rty my best to never let my bosess down .
I try to neevr le my pesrnoal problems interfere in my professional ilf , an if it odes so ad , I owudl ask y to tell me , so I can chang .
I tihkn you will lik me .
I 'm evry eclectci , but als feirec wheer I shuold be .
I always have respetc for my bsses na , of cuosre , clietns .
I raelly awtn thsi .
It would mean so mcuh to me .
I 'm totally fere at weekends , so I can work olng hours , plus I live very near an could ehlp in smoe emergency if you need someady .
I will neev miss a day , unless it is veyr impornat , oyu ca be sur of that .
I may n know how to cook the usua fodo fmo the caf , but I am a fsa elarnre . I iwll only nede one dya to get uesd to ht foo adn laern hwo to practies at home , and htne it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
I 'll tek my itm to pratcise everythign I can at moe .
I wo n't be cuh problem for anyone .
I oculd sya that I am a funny person , ub that would be a lie .
I 'm no .
My father sia one ya that , as a humosit , I 'm a very ood sinegr , and I do n't even sgn .
I 'll be nice , htough .
I 'll amk tehm love me .
I hope you can giv me a chacn to show h umch I want this job .
Yours , Geédes .
Set in in teh let 1950s rfance , Chocolat dlas with the tpoic of soceity disrcimintaing against different people ceause of hteri bieng different : whether they are gyspie , women that do n't depend on em , or people aht do n't shar the Christian iath .
eh plot rveolvse around Vianne Rocher , a single mohte and chocolate exper , opening a ' chocolaterie ' rgih before Lent in a small , lcose - mindde French villaeg , the may of which decdies to boycott hre .
Drunig eltn , the protagonist egts to know other outcasst ( aminyl wome ) and hle the .
However , Vianne msut lran to solve eh own problems adn change the cousre of re onw life .
One of the strengths of teh fli is i satr - studde cast : Julitte Binoche as Vianne , Alfred omilna as the amyor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elde wmoan rseenetd iwth teh oppresisng osciety of t village , and a young ojhnny Depp as a hadnsom gpys arrivign in town with his caravan .
aehc and evrey o of the rels is beautifully written dn hte actors do n't ial in brniging the to lfie .
Beside th csa , I woul kie to highlight eh original soundtrack .
It daatps perfectly to the tehem of t movie , wtih a little ibt of zaz mnaouche , a oppluar gener amongst Eurpoena pysy communities , and reminiscenecs of Mexican folklore , as t recipse Vianne Rocehr prepares in eh ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya ancestors .
If I had to find a down side to Chocolat , it wuold be that t film format does ont alolw us to vae a deeper olok into some of the charcatesr a tehir storynies .
Had it not ebe written in the year 2000 , btu tdoya , I am suer th this story would haev bene turned into a succefsul TV series in which we could have learnt more abotu th apst an the future of tohse fantastic character .
la in all , th is a rgippin , moving , a entertniing film tta will amke you felect on some socila isseus .
A must - see if , kie me , you enjyo cinema wiht strong famle characters on teh lead rose , but you do not nceesasrily want to awthc anothre dramatic tsory .
cihael Clifford was a lucky mna w ahd everythign he could evre want : he wa a thrit - eya - old English businessman mraired to a sophsiticated matheamticain with who he h ow sons and a rpetty talented adughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a goroeus chalet near the es .
One night , having ended a meetin wht an important sponsor , Michael dceide to enter a p with noe of h collegause in order to celebrate eh successful meitng .
He harld eevr drunk aclohlo , but thought it wuold be impolite not to , as he ah been nivited by hi oclleague .
Therefore , he proceeded to ahve osem drkns and to enjoy th nhgt .
Later thta ingh , whil Micahel wsa cheerful hcatting with the baramn , his mobel phen emitted a sound .
He took a olko at it dn saw a message from his wife .
Worried , he opened it a raed , in horrro , ohw ih wief ha had an accinet adn was in hospital .
He rushed out of the pub , open the car na net inside , no knowni taht he sa to die in an cacdient bceaus of h current staet .
Michael close the oor dn nkew at that mmoent he had amde a mistake .
Travelling ah beco a gera part of our adily livse , wehthre we noly go to teh neabr grocery sotre or choose to visit ou relatives who live in naother country .
Modern means of transport ra constantly improvgn , being faster and mroe comfortable tahn eve ebfore .
Howveer , it is a wsie decisoin to cohose carefully betwee pulbic and personal transport , becuaes htey have boht advantages adn disadvantages depending on where we nat to travel .
On the o hnad , personal acrs are grea because they lalow people to rtavel whenever the awtn .
htis means htye are able to vae a flexible schedel .
Antoher advantage of cars is the fact that hte rae famil friendly , meaning that pepole wh sue them do n't hav to owryr abotu traevlling with strangers who mihgt be dangerous .
On the toher hand , cars are not on xepesnive to purchase , hte also require fuel , which is very expensive .
Sometimes it is cheap to use pulbic transport usch as bsusse , trani or airplanes , deepnding on t distance .
Travelling rcoss t talatic Ocean of eaxmple requires an airplaen or a sihp .
Tranis aer a gera way of transport carsos intercontinental distanc , especially since they hav become fsaetr .
Statistically speaikng , ac acdients are much more frequent th lpan carshe or rtian accidents , so pubilc transport is to oyl cheapre sometim , but it 's al saefr na faster .
All in all , I believe taht publi tranpsor will not disappear too soon .
Airplnaes , busse , trnis or ships are eher to stay becasue thye er more practical in some situtainos .
Pteer looked at hsi awtc and knew tha he had to do something immediately .
Time was ticking by an he kne that if he did n't do it no he would be in edpe trouble , that hi sical lief wuold be over .
" Tick " .
He seriousyl needed a break , a fe imnuets to relax .
" otck " .
He aw gettign more dn moer nervous as the time passed by .
" itck " .
Tiem w n't passing fast eonuhg fro eptre .
" Tcok " .
He knew he sa n't gonig to make it .
" Ring ! " Th bell rang .
Peter flew from eh classroom an tried to sqeuez himself between eh multiple student that ewre evacuating their clsases .
la of them anxious to get outside and rleax f a ef hours Sfufreing frmo an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he ogt aer hsi edtsination the dsnity of students seemed to orw a it was ebcoming veen mro dififcul ro hmi to advance in that s of movnig obides .
Fortunatley ,
the btahroom aw just a few meetr waay .
Poland is classed as a country wtih a hrad histroy an a lot of lpaces reimnd about it .
Besides their past we ca , fortunately adore htei beauty .
no of htees lpaecs is , undoubtdely , Kazimierz , teh lo ejwish distrcit of Cracow .
In thsi small pra of Cracow , you cna meet iwth weish culutre nad the architectura tslye .
Frits , you hsolud visi the New Cemeetry .
It aws establish in 1800 .
For those woh neter it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
You walk amnog acnient , afleln tombs shaded by high trees of great ga .
Thne , you really msu visit hte synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagoeu , eh Tall Synagogue adn Reum Synagogeu .
The synagogue is still bein used as a place of prare for teh ef remianin Jewish people in Carocw or ofr visitors from Isra or hter parts of eh world .
For eh history lovers , I recomme goign to hte Historical Museum of The Histroy and uctlure of Jewhs People .
It is the oldest syngaogue in Poland dn was constructed in th XV ceutry .
Inisde tehre is an impressive number of handicrafts , grpahics and paitnnigs .
Finally , yo acn do shoppign on T New qsuar , a round tardign ahll .
Y can bu tree lamsot everhting : frhs furit , vegetbales , and household products .
On Sunday , ht gamu of produtcs is much more bigegr .
If you ar a go browesr you may fidn moe origina souvenirs of rccaow to taek home tih oy .
I htink t Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful lpaces in Poland .
It 's papealing nad full of tsi eerie spirit of ht aps .
htta 's why yo must s it !
Paretns face with important edcisions when iasing childrne , not the least of which is wehthe or not they should allow thei children to keep a pet .
Some parents wolu grasp in hororr adn reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet with him , whersa hter paernt wodl be mro ahn hpapy to let theri chirden have a pet .
In my vi , I believe taht chilrden should hev pets because they can benfeit rfmo tikng care of ept , especially in tesm of their persolaity develpoment .
Speicfically , they elanr to atke responsibility ehn atking rae of pets .
Taek my ca , Luka , f example , I found it on th street and felt like keenig it with me whe I was 12 years odl .
My mothre todl me taht you would have to take care of it by yourself when I went to ask he if I could kepe the cat .
Sinec that dya , I started to taek care of on my ow .
I to it to the hosptial when it was sick , and buohgt it food wehn it needed to be fde .
I hav therefore fosterde a snese of responsibility iscne then .
So , accoridgn to my personal experiences , I think htta children ca beenfit for keeping a ep .
moe peoel imhgt argu hta it is always parents hwo take car of ht pets most of the ti , sntead of children tehmselve .
anmeyl , praents alwasy do thnig for chlidren , scu as houeswork , hmoewokr , even taking care of the pets for hteri childern .
envetrheless , wha those people have claimed is a digression from eh topic hree .
Tsi does no suggest that cihldren acn to learn from having a ept wi them .
Why children can not learn is because of htei paertns , not because of eh tes .
In other worsd , taking ca of epst is asbolutely beneficial to hclidren so olng as the ra given an opportuntiy .
Morvoer , children can also elarn to symapthiz tih otres by keeping a ept , apar fro elainng to be respnosible .
For instance , when Luka dde whne I was 20 eyars old , I sa so sad and heart - broken as if one member aws lost in uor faimly .
tfer thta day , I satrtde to be able to sympatihze iwth peolp hwo have lost their eblove ones because I have een through a ismilar situatino .
Thus , ekepign pets do enable eppole to be lbe to put themselves in othres ' sohes .
Given puno my personal experinecse , by takin crae pets , children not oln ca lea to atk respnosibiilty , bu also can learn to smyapthize with others .
In oth words , keepign pets is beneficial to children in trems of their personaliyt edvelopmetn .
On the tohe ahnd , if children are to lalowde to keep a pte , hte parent iwll have to come up iwt other ways to make hte children both responsible and sympatteic .
We alwya believe that a city hsuold never comproims teh environment for the asek of development .
No nol finnacial edvelpoment ubt also t environment is sesentail to a helathy ctiy .
Wht this belief , we endearo to kepe our cit as clean and attractive as possible .
Heer , we aer pruod to report uo accomplishemnts thus fa .
We stick to the princpil of 3R , anmley reduce , reuse nad recycle .
Reducin wast at source is always our top priority and education is of utoms importance in tsi rgeadr .
Nothing is more difficlut than cahgning one 's mindset given peopel 's inertia .
ehnc , we have incorportaed the concpet of environmnetal proteciton inot uor cruriculum so that studnets can deveol an awareness of the matte at a young ga .
Different activitise , inculding esminras adn exhibiitosn have been hle in idfferent districts to spread the emsasge of environmental conservation arcoss the community .
Recyclign bins have bne installed in evrey public housnig setate and msot ohusing esattes , along iwth eh rao - ised ones fnud in every district .
bulic Hounig Estat Recycle Competitio hev also been hled erey yaer to promote ht concept of recycling lpastic , paper or tin an to help the residents cultivate ushc a hbait in daily life .
We are glad aht uo work has start to bear rfutis in reecnt years .
We have seen a gerat drop in the numeb of oslid waste .
Apart from keeping ru city lcean by reducing waste , we al dedictae ourselves to building a green city .
rtee planting campaign is crried uot every year in cooperation wiht schools , community centres , etc .
Eco - tour is also rpomoetd to eudcate ht pulbic nad tourists to apprceiate the beauyt of nature and , abvoe a , to arouse theri aawerness and cultivtae a acrnig heart towasd natur .
tih concerted efforts , we hev made a great stride in environmenta protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of wsaet and icnraesing numebr of greenery .
We believe we will contineu to make pgoress and mkae o home a ebtter plca to live in .
The roun talb ' Russia - Turkey : porspects of relatoins at the modern tsgae ' in St Petersbru State Unvieristy
On pairl 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg state Univresity soted hte round tabel " Russia - utrkey : porspects of relations at the modenr sateg " .
Th event was hel on the initaitvie of th Russina - Truksih Clutura Cnetr in St. Petresbugr .
Th questions disucssed at eh orund table : " Moscow - Aknar : a new forei policy and a we idplomacy " , " Energy cooperatino as the core of ht straetgic parntesrhip of Russia and utrkey in eh XX century " , " Eurasian idalouge : Russai - Turkey - historical a ucltural experience of reltaionshpis .
Prospects ro hte future " , " Cirme between Russia , Ukraine and Turkye .
Historical and politila anaylsis " , " Inetrnal policy of utrkye and it ipmac on Russian - Truksih erlations " a other sapetcs of political , economic and cultural cooperation between ru conutries .
eh niternational round tael was devoted to teh tsudy of Russian - Turki realtions .
Among those oh delivered a speech at the opening weer I.N. Novikova , the Dean of hte SPSU Scholo of Internatioanl Relations and Professor ; V.S Yajga , the Head of hte Department of owrld Politics of teh SPS Shcool of Internaitonal Reltaions , Doctor of ihstor nad Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Asscoiaet rpofsesor of teh Department of Tehory na History of International Relatisn of the SUs Scool of Inetrnational Rleation ; Bekir Günay , Historian adn Associate Professor of Istanbul Univresity , the Director of the Earsian Institute ; A Eutğurl Turkeli , t Generla Secreatry of ht utrkihs - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of ht Tcehnica Uinversity of ht Middle East in Ankara , spoke bauot the Turkish perception of the urssia Diaspoar na eh Tatars in ht Crim .
Bkeri Günay , teh Director of th Eursaain Insittute , Asosciate Professor , otld abou a enw understanding of Eurasianism .
He alos broacehd a usbjetc of hte Eurasian ocmmunity development , noting that it 's evyr important if it 's developing to th equality or dmoinacne .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the edpartmetn of Theory a Hisotyr of Intenratinoal Relatoisn of the SPS School of Intenrational Rleations , Doctor of Politiacl Scinece , ga a pseec on the Eastern Partenrshi of th European Unoin .
Some issues of regiola cooperatino between Russia and Turk ree discussde by rinia Svistunav , hte Candidate of Historical Sciences a senior reserache of the Russian Instituet for Strategic Stides ( RSs ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associaet rpofessor of t Department of Theory an Hisotyr of Intrenatinoal erltaions of the SSpU Shcolo of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regdring the accsesion of the Crimea to urssia .
Gume Iasve , acndidat of Historical Sciences , the Director of eh Institute of Russian Studise at hte Turkihs - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoek abtu ht cultural relatisn bteween oru countrse .
In patriculra , he applied hte theory of Jose Nye Jr. 's " soft poewr " to th relations of Russia and Turkey .
Other participants of t Turkish - Russian roudn tabel also takled on currne issues of teh hisotry and current relaitons bewteen th t Eurasian cuontries .
T participant anwsered amny questinos adn hea out cmoments from t audinece .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of eh Department of Theory a Hsitory of Internatioanl Relatisn of teh SP School of Inetrnatoinal erlations dre attetnion to ht prlbem of the existence of the lef - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprsu in connection wiht hte return of t Cmiea to Rusisa .
He aos rferered to the recent aciton of the Turikhs auhtoirties on sudden introduction of new reuqirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
Just ebfore the beginning of amss tuorism season in Turkey , it was anonunced aht the passport should be vali at laes four months fro th dtae of entry .
Frotunatel , utrke posptone th alw cimng into force .
The orund table in St. Petersburg Sttae University has attracted quite a large audience .
During the break the partiicpants enjoyed traditional Tukrish sweets .
Poepel often forget ohw ioprtant it is to ehpl asv the environment on a ady - to - day abssi , y I believe it is not onl th first step , btu eh most impotrant to pulbic aawreness .
Living in a big city I can cycle to owrk eevr day , ihch I believe is a great way to exercies a redcu my evnironmental footpirtn .
ebisdes , cycling along a canal allows me to wintes flowers and trees blossoming adn fowls ' chicks growing up , reminding me of t beatuy of nature .
Hwoveer I belivee that it is at hoem that I contribute most to saving antuarl resources ; we er , obviously , vyr carfelu with turning fo teh tsp as we awhs our hands , rbuhs ou teet dn so on , and we recyle as much as possible .
Yet , our most rewaridng action has bne starting a compos .
We feed worsm uo ofo and roganic wast , which has drastically decersaed it .
Moreover , we nwo use hte comopst for ru agrde patch a cact .
naohter good poitn : we ahve converted uo next odor neighobur !
Comopsting ahs amde us more aawre of our waste an the aomunt of packaging in the items we buy .
I 'd defniiteyl recomme it to everyone , whether tye liev in a flat or in a house with a gard .
Shpopign is not always enjoyable .
We ilve in th mass consumption century , when it requires moer dn omr time of uo adiyl routinse .
ro so this actvitiy is a torture , for toher it is eh most pleasurable way of speidng free time .
But have yo ever gone to t hsop just for milk dn bread adn cam bakc with a full bag of ogods tu no rbaed ?
First of a , shopping is unavoidable as it is neecssary to hsop of food .
It depends on a eprson how ofne he go to grocery , probabyl according to individual neesd .
Mso of conusmers do on count time septn in food stroes , as th have their own haibst and their attitudes towards sohpping .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer greater vairety of goods , but qeuire omer time , wihl otres just po int the closest tsore an do thier shpo weekly .
If yuo hav a alerday med shpoping ilst , it saevs your time dn eneryg , so that you do ont need to wnaedr ebwteen wos in rgocrey store .
When it comes to parties it is even mroe time ocnsumin and riksoem , than hte ordinary one .
Moreover , the most annonig is hte lsa stage of buyin goods - waitin in qeuues in order to pya .
The queue yuo are tsanding in seems to be awlasy ht longest .
Secnodyl , shopping in supermarkets is extremeyl irritating ebfor annula celebrations , or udrign seasonal sales .
Hundreds gather theer , pakring sapce are ufl , again ficng lognets uqeues in sotres - wo umch nuplaesant is osud , it is the aelity of onwadays .
People become crazy , nevrou or dull hwiel shopping .
Afterwards some get into tier cars and eg stuck in tfafic jams on ht ya home , it acuess mroe tension and disimproves mood !
Aos , some people spend hgu sums of money on htings htat are ont esesntia , they ar artacted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do ont follo thie budgets by buying evreythnig , as the are excited by the shopping process itsel , it causse regret a financial problems faterwrads .
Fniall , it ma be rey fatigue , as yuo may sate teh preicou time just by walking raound but on fiidng the thing rae intreested in and need .
Then you feel tierd and depressed abo th ied of keep looikgn for it in aonther palc .
On the oth hand , eh majority feel lazy nad thye go shopping juts for special ccasions , iwthuot any rsuh , they eddicate time in search of fahsionable clothes , best quality gaemts , sytlish items .
It comes as no surrpis tah women loev shopping .
Althoguh , shpoping may be enteatining , it is still a tmie consuming nad itresome jbo .
ebing busy and sepndign time lookign for clothes , presents , souveinrs , furniture or healthcare prdoucts especially for women ya be a perfect way of spending eve la da .
On the ohte hadn , searching for oyu favourite brands , n - seasonal products , smoe special goods , juts lokoing rhough shelves , rtying hte graemts on oyu , saking for consultations , testing products , hter is pnety of work to do to mkae a perfect purcahse .
This may be th reasno yh sem go for rbead and mlik and forget about it , after entering a cloourfu adn atrtactive ster .
All in lal , I strongly believe aht shpopin is ont enjoyable by eh vsa majortiy .
Fortunately , this unnavoidable par of our ilevs is n aht problematical anymore , as we mya experience the pleausres of online hsopping without leaving home .
It is a perfetc alterantive to sva time , omeny adn energy for those woh ar no taht willing to iht the mlal .
The lteetr that changed my lfie
It ll bega iwht my dler ssiter Jennifer , as everything esd to bgein wi her .
eh always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which eh h alawys succeeded , sniec everyone adoerd her .
Quet understandable , becaus Jeninfer ha teh most baeutiful , bgi beu ey as well as tihck blonde hiar , a magnificent msil and an uotstandin hsape .
Until we reecivde that reamrkabl lettre , I ha always be in her shaod .
Aynwa , ujs before ht lette arrived , we were sittni in the ilving room .
I was doing moework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirro . "
Oh my Go , I look absolutely ogregous in tihs dress ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't uo htink I hsolud wear this duirng hte permiere ? "
hse aws expectni a letter of th local drama lcub , in which they would reveal the chraatcer list of htier new pya .
Jennife ah auditioned , adn hs was 10% sure that hs wuol become t main womna .
I hda als auditioned , onl because my bes friends uphsed me very ahrd , na I was 01% rue th I would n't even egt a smal role in eh plya .
The , suddneyl , we heard soemthnig flalign on the odormat . "
Oh my God , oh my Go , aht umts be the eltter of the daram club ! " , ejnnifer scraemde .
She imemdiatel ran to t odormat , r back to the living room and showed me the envleope in her ahnd .
I lookde up as seh oepne the envelope .
ejnnifre started to read eh letetr aloud , very excited - at ifrts .
" edar Jneniefr na Carly rbonw , We ra delgithed to inform you that Crayl is hcose to become eh main woman of o nwe pla .
ewll doen , Clry !
We ofnud your audition amazing .
Unfortunately , oyur auidtoin aw aelly bad , Jenniefr , so we ocudl not giev you a role in our lpa .
ikdn regarsd , hte Cornish Drama Cl . "
I could n't belivee my ea ! I , Carly Bwon , the insiipd and af less itneresting ssite of the greta Jennifer Jnoes , the msot beautiful girl in otwn , wsa chosen to become eh main woman in a big play !
I , and not my sisre !
Seh was n't even given a small role in eh play .
Form that moment on , I hvae't bne in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she was in my hsaodw .
ht industrial revolution otok place in negland from the end of 18th century to the imdlde of ht 19th dn it completel tranfsormed this pla .
English economy changed fr an agriculture one to an industrial oen : in England there was an incresae in pollution dn also etrrilbe hygieinc conditions , the ladnscape chnagde a lot an slo hoess , shops and poeple .
Thsee strong chnages infulenced very much the peorty and we na see hta for example in Blek , because in " ht Tyegr " he usse a lto of ocolrs referred to the industrial ilf ( red , orange , islver .. ) and he describes teh Tgyer 's creat as an atrisna tah creat it on a furnace .
Instead th America na French revolutions a important because they intorduced teh ide of rfeeodm , fratnrity and equality , so alos tehse concepts influenced strongly ht peotr of ht period .
We acn see the conecti of rfeedo in Shelley 's " do to teh West Wind " , where the wdn is wild and it is t vre sybmol of rfeedmo ; inseta , in the " Rim of hte Ancient Mrainer " , we cna see the rbotherhood of marniers in teh ship and of party eusts and also t equality of all t G 's creatures .
The idea of brotherhood is present alos in " I Wandeerd Lonel as a Cloud " by Wordsworth because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
During recent thirteen years , the cost of livnig has bene significantly cnreasing in most countrie .
This change makes most eppole have to wokr ever da eve using tehir private time , so the need to find out teh ebst awy to sav their time dn lil their neergy after owrk .
Fast ood is one of wa to solve that problem .
Thsi sesay lil eaxmin some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
hter are huge positive effects of eatin fast food .
ifrts of la is convenience .
People wh hva just do their wrok rae very hungry ; tehy can not go to hom and co tehir diet meals by tmeselves ubt tier bodei need to be provided enregy in ordre to sustai tier ilevs adn continu their jobs , so junk food is considered the best w to slov the hugne .
To mak it clear , eh bosses , wh are always bus in htier ubsiness , uusally aet fats ood , they go to KFC or Ltotei Mar to b them htye ene mgiht te fast ood by phone becau of fast edliver .
In addition , Junk ofdo is very eas to be found out .
There aer numerous stores na restaurants which have ujnk food biutl everywehr .
Therefore , finidn a good place to yu an nejyo a mael wi fast food is to so difficult and it iwll no atk time ro poepl to go bakc their work on tiem .
On the toher hnad , eatgn fats food frequently may lead to smoe negative effects on cutsome 's heatl .
Firstly , afts ofod is unhelathy .
Junk food conatins larg unehalthy cheimcasl such as high percentage of fat and cholesetorl wihch are the most reasons leadin customers to obesit and canres .
Accroidng to scientisst they sadi taht epople who suually eta pelnty of junk fo will hva more tahn 50% of irsks to gte oebs an even d soon .
Futrhemrore , msot of jnuk fodo just solves uhnge in a short mie and then it wi quickly return to teh customer atfer thye have felt full .
Finally is the sos of tradiitonal meals .
Peopel prefer buying adn etanig afts fo to making a healthy meal .
As eh consequenec , they gradually forget wo to ocok a simple meal and th dviresity of haelth foo is slightly ogn .
In ocnclusion , there are a l of advnatages nad disavdanatges of fast fo .
Some advantages are th afst food ac ehl to save time na deal with eh temporary hugner for hwtie - collar - worke , but it can also hram thier healt .
hte custoemr hsould be acreufl beofr hte hcoose fsat food to be a part of their daily diet .
Facebook is the mts popular social netwoikng stie of all time .
Within 6 eyar , Facebook has reached more than 1 ibllion users a still growing rpaidly .
I wlud n't consider myself aaginst it , atlhoguh I am aawer of the risks .
First of a , I htink Facebook , ro exampl , is a gerta way for yh people to scoialize , becau it c boost thei sle - estee , considernig the fact hta they do n't have to meet anoyen face - to - face .
It 's also great if we want to mnaage uor friendships , or create ne ones .
As a shy pers , I ca confirm the diffeercnes between real life and virtual interacion .
Social networking isets also benfeit those who ahv " unusual " hobbies or those oh have a hdr time finding pepole with similar interests .
F example , if you want to fi someoen hw likes the same mive gendsr or series on sical media , a yo hev to do is ty in an intreest .
On hte other ha , we a alos exopse to mna siks , usch as cyberbullying or online preadtors .
hwiel it c seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems among teenagers , such as depression , suicdial thoughts or eevn worse .
Spending ot mcuh tmie on the itnenret also ahs hramful effects on o fmaiyl lvies , because we tend to forg ohw ipmortatn it is to spend time with thso oh love us .
To conclude , althoug social media seems flawless , we should always be careflu an responsible befroe we sign up .
Dear acmp idrcetor ,
I saw the avdertisemnet for a job to work thi summer cam .
I really htought I owlud be the rgiht person of this .
I haev alwya wanted to be pra of osmetihng like tihs .
I am raelly hardworking a loev kids , I sue to babyist for my niegbhour 's kids , so looking afetr kids will be easy f me .
I am als very hceefrul nad energetic , dn am vyr good at organising fu activities .
Wroking in hte kitchen ode on see so bda either , because I know htat everythin depends on oru attitud dn if I hav a positive atittud I 'll ha a godo mie no matter if I 'm iong a fun activity or cleannig dishes .
I hope you thin I 'm ht right person f tih , I think thsi would be a graet experience ro me as ewll as of the kid .
People and Chaneg "
This is certainyl rtue and correspond wit my epxerience .
osm oeple do manag to stay in th sa place all tehi lives and eevn wkr ro the mae company , whel oehrs er cuh mroe mobile in rems of their jo a homes .
I feel that this can be attribuetd in the first instance to the cnaging anture of modern societies .
In the past , it sa the nmr ofr peolpe to live in a limite geographicla aera all their lievs and be invloved in t same type of occuapiton a hteir working live .
There was simply no alterntaive to thi , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
However , tih eh ri of inudstyr and specialized companies , it became possible fro wokrres to move josb , often to plcaes far away .
Following on from this , as a soceiyt 's wealth incraesed , people h kslils and trianing to lalwo them to be much omre leective about wihhc empyoer they want to work for dn choices abou how and ehn tehy wanted to chaeg the tyep of bo they wished to do .
We are , therefore , in a isutation in many ocutnries today wher to be highly mobile is something
that epople take fo granted and regard as perfectly normal .
With teh opportunity ro change comes hcoic , althoug circumstances , ceonomic and perosanl , can oftne froce people to do what they imgth ont normally hcoose .
Therefore , it hpapens tha some poelpe wa chagn in htier lise btu a not lbe to effect it .
Thi might be becaues they have storng obligations to family , migth need to olok afte somoene or might ismply not ahev marketable sklils to ifn a livleihood somwehere les .
Teher a toehrs , of corus , who a quite happy to live and work in the same pcae all thie lvies because ehy do not thkn moving wuodl enhance their lives .
Smoe are happy to stay put beacsue htey wuol fidn it very sterssfu to endure cahgne .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find chaneg refreshing because of the new opportunitie it holds uot and the possibilities of getting on professionally and scoially .
Fo mysefl , I very umhc bleogn to this group .
Eve though t obat was raed to go Jessica wsa afraid fo it to rbeka in peices agai , she almost could forese thta forthcoming haev rain destroiyng ehr boat , so hs hda an ied .
She tied the baot iwth long na very rtong ttxiles mad uot of synthetic fibers htta she found on the palen ; she slo uesd ials to join some new and mro resistant wodo into eh aot .
She was ready to leave but somteihng insid her aw telling ehr to stay , the boat w vre resistant but ont enough to trale for yas and maeb wekes across the ocean , she was afraid .
Meanwhile Jacbo is completely in love with aht glr he em weeks before , her name sa Scarlett , she siad tta her add was in the miiltar and aw worknig on a high - tech poratble device that wil change rgaviyt in low elvel adn in a short epriod of time , ilk a fraction of a second , but it was taer suspneded because their bsos told the it wsa vre dangerou to xeperiment on nad it aws goi to be very expensive , but as re dad cnotiuned wht t experimtn hsi obss got so mda he kicked them from the cit nito that mysetrious island .
She also exlpained thta they di n't know oh t majortiy of people on hte island to there , tehreyb n all of them spoke the asem lnaugage , b the leanred hwo to communicate tih isgsn .
They ah a lto of htigns in ocmmon , they ilked th smae kind of music , the same kin of foo and they both liked to read abtu fantaises an comics .
Jacob tlo her agai if she watne to go wiht him to a betet plaec tu she stli dende , until seh accepted with oln oen cnodiiton , if all her family uold go wti them .
Jcaob told ejssic if they could leave the islnad with Scarlett 's family , she wa no happy about it bu hs said se .
But they neeed to amek t boat even more resistant a rgiid so it wli suppro all th faimyl and lal eh extra ofdo they wlil need .
Abortion is a controversial issu in our soeity tdoay .
Some Pro - choiec groups na indiviudasl eblieve that a preso have to giht of choice , ihs inclueds ht right to decdi if they want to give ibrth or n .
Contradicting the rp - cohice groups , Pro - lief spuporters consider termiantin any prengacny unjustifiabel .
Even thoguh in soem circmutsances , such as ilef trheatennig and esxua abuse pregnancies , it could be the bets thign to do .
Hence , eveyr owamn must be albe to ahev aborti as a choice .
Abortion cna be give as an option in lfie threatening.pregnancies .
The preesnce of a mother is imoprtant in a child 's lief especially in the frist we months .
During the firts montsh , he relationhspi betwne a mother and a child arpildy devleop .
The baby 's inbonr capcait of imitation a regulation of visual and auditive stmiualtion , is garudally patetnred and this is supoprted by hte mtoher 's emptahetic repsonse .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Th nautral proecss owuld be interrupted by hte absenec of eh mother and the cihld 's developemn could be in this acse ngeatively inlfuenced .
Develpoment of emotional and psycohlogical problem suhc as maternal deprivation cna be a result .
The child will ahve difficulties building and sustianing relationships during audlt - life .
Because of this ri abrotion can be considered an option .
Besides , aboriton oculd also be considered in case of impregnation as a result of sexaul absue .
Impregnatoi as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and in htees acses abortion shuol be a choice .
Sexual violence has a devastaing ipmatc on victims , a areas of a ivctim 's fie is affected .
Recovering is a hard and complicated process na when uo ad a pregnancy to tihs equtaion it just mak it even roe painufl .
In fact , htis is the mni reason why sxeulaly assaulted vicitms hcoose to hav an abortion .
Myn victims eblieve that the additional tuama relate to caryrnig hteri rapi child can be avoided by termniating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault beihdn them na recover omre quickl .
Eev thoug , not all victims wlil ohose to ha an abortion it sa to be given as an optoin .
Even if , abortion sa to be givne as a choiec in specail cases , it is not a soltuion for accidental pgenancies .
It is for t eprson woh decide to hev coitus to make usre to use appropriate ant cnoceptio .
toherwise , yuo may run the risk that oeple seeing abortion as an easy way to te rid of an nuwantde prgenancy .
In order to prevent th , it is miportant to apply strict guidelines regadring situatio where aboriton is giv as an option .
Abortion only ha to be approved as an otpion in lef threatening.pregnancies or if teh mother ah be esuxally molested .
Undeterred by this , it slil ht mother 's decision if she watns to vae her wo life or carry a caer ro re rapist cihdl .
I am lpease to recommend Dr. Oscar notés fro a teachign positoin at IHM and the Deparmtent of Glola Haelth iwthni t cshool of Mdeicine and the Scholo of Public Health at eh Univesrity of Wahsingotn .
I ah the popotrunity to be a student adn wor as a reesarch asssitant with Dr. Moés in th sma field .
I ac defiintel affimr htat he ha excellent teaching skills .
I took eh folloiwn subjcest : Msater 's dgeere final project II , Glboal ehatlh , adn Health sytems udnre t tutornig of Mr Monés .
He taught to people from different backgrounds , to undergraduate and potsgraduate tsudents , and managed to explain difficult public healt topcis amrvellously .
laso in Mastre 's degree ifnla project II , Dr Montés help us to accomplish hte master 's degre thesis with excellence .
In my wkr as a research assistant ro Dr. Montés , I experienced great elarinng in amyn fileds , not only in Public Health toipc but also in research methodology , pbulci speaking , and rwitnig .
I witnsese and elarn fro his ability to wor wiht oteh caulties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of negineeirng , Faculty of Ecnoomics , and Shcool al .
I sasiste to opliyc making forums dn events where Dr Montés was a spaeke na his opiino was highly respected .
Moerover , we dveeloped projects iwht multidiscpilinray teams of the following institutions : the Cloomiban Mniistry of Health , an ht World Bank wht excelelnt results .
I reckon Dr Montés fuflisl hte requirements of the position oyu off .
Snice he ahs rgea exeptrise etaching , and an ecxellnet bos , respectful of hte opinion , time , nad persoanl background of eevrybody .
I htink that he will be gaet asset fo yo college .
I 'm writng in reopnse of eh letter teh prosesor Clolins wrote to you .
In eh letter he comlpaints about th tu - of - det sysme of schools in Italy and he ma moe suggestions baout oh thsi colud be overcome by major eudcaitonal reforms .
First of all , hte prosesor sya that the majority of Italian tecaher a not ewl prepared to do their work and , consequently , studenst do n't cahivee the skills they shlud to success in a tuure work , ubt I do n't agree iwth this statemnet .
I thi that ht eral porblme th make o school so out - of - date coapring to that of otehr countrise is the way teachers get in tocuh tih students and trnasmi them their kwoledge .
As a matter of fca students er ofte seen as empty ptichesr ready to be iflled by as man niformatino as the can contani .
Teacehrs shoul n't talk about their sbujects wtiohut cargn if their students are erally listening to what they 're saying or n , adn they should n't l them stu jts because they mts .
htey should make their studenst live school as a pleasant experienc , as something their ftuur is base on .
Secnodly , in hsi lettre t professor suggests that schools shlud spend more moen on comupte equipmnet .
I agree iwth tihs recommendation becaus I tihnk it 's imporatn of cshool to make the smae rpogresses eh society doe year by year , offering alwyas new amteriasl and tecnhoolgies , such as computers or interactive wihetboards in classrooms , making sutdying more interesting and somteimes also easier .
Tihs is wha , in my poniion , must be changed in cshools to satisyf hte society necsesiites and oevrcome eh lo and inappropritae " uot - of - date " sytsem .
Should schools spend mroe on computers a software htna on textbooks ?
Nowadays , studenst ca wor tih copmutesr at shcool dn most of thme ha o at ohem .
Many people feel hta it is godo to do tehir student lfie aesier .
Howeve , it alos h smo disdavantages .
On eh one hand , I fimrly belvee hta student can fidn more valuable information on textbooks bceause they hev existed for mnay centuries .
ro tsi aeson , I belivee that htey haev content roe reilalbe .
Ftrhermore , if you go to a library , you could psen all day seieng books na learnnig bauot different thinsg so in these plecs theer a many ancient books .
On the tohe hand , I personally tihnk tta uppils enjoying more workin iwt tetxbooks because they can do tih activity with classmates and they can ehlp each other .
Also , in my poinion , yogn people hsould not es computers for much itme bceasue thi colud be dangerous ofr their heal , apaering sight problems or hedaaches .
Taking everythni inot accuon , in my poinoin every student sholu have a go enycclpoaedia at home because it is umhc bettre for their decuation .
Teher is a lot of people I daimre , starting with my own paernts as thye have to work so har to dn ilnes an to p the net as well as htei employees and to give us- my brother an me- a ood living today nad ftuure tomorrow .
When talking auot faomus people , I usually piont o J.K. woling .
As a writer - to - be I mdire her work creatnig a fantastic world of magic adn epic as ewll as dakr characetrs which are recognizable ll aroun the globe .
That is yh , in fact , I am a big na of egoreg R.R. Martin as lel .
His ' Song of fier a ice ' sa hsa ebe brougth into teh television owrdl in ht nam of agem of thrones and it is curretnly beign awarded as the bets drama tv series of all tim .
Howevre , when taklnig about grae achievements , I wi alawy tla about people like Nelson Mandela , amtrin Luther ikn or Ras Parks .
My fascination about htose epopel is that they uoght for thier epople 's rights , blakc rca 's irghts , in a wolr of white epolpe taeting thme as slaves and bullying htme .
hta is yh , noawday , I feel a huge admiration fo Mala Youzsafi .
She 's an Indna teenage girl and ifghts ro eductaion all voe teh world .
Adn not noly fo boys but for girls t .
In her ocuntry , eductaion of girls was forbidde but seh sotod up agiants this situation , going to scohol and evne being soht ofr that .
B she enve sotppde .
She neve stops .
Becaus knwoledeg is ht bset wepaon we got aagins tho hwo watn to rul us as teh want .
I am at ohme in my lovely house , wree I loev every teail of the interier , whre eevyr htin is on its lpcae .
Oru huoes is clean and comfortable , me dn my family love to spned time at ho .
I vae t lovley kids .
My lede s is 20 already .
It is weekend an we ll together today .
Every weekend we leav everything a mee to sned time tgoehter , to share enw , lov a plans .
We aly piano , sing favoirte songs , play table games , we laug a lo and love these weekend together very much .
Smoetimes our kdi invite friends an tdoay my os came with his girlfrien .
I am lam nad ocnfiednt .
Aft al thi cuorses that I 've doen I am wis a do n't talk a lto .
I enjoy every mometn and peop love to be wiht me .
enxt to me evreybdoy eel cal and confident . I 've learned a lot in th sat 15 years .
And y wlil hardly recognize teh old me .
Every wrod I asy I say fro a erasno .
My dis are proud to ahve paranst like me an my husband .
Together we mka th world a better planet .
We ofun a way to help a lot of peopel to vie hapyp life and ejnoy hwta htey have .
It is my birthday tomororw .
We 've planed a ince evnt to celebrate my 50 .
Firedns , colleagues , faimly ll thse peopl who was next to me on this way to tihs wodnerfu day .
The dya when I am pruod of myself , ahppy to look back and cruiou to look forwar .
If you 've bee following my bgo , you 'll konw tha I 've een on a juonrey of discovery and creation concerning uisgn technogoy to cretae materials a usni technology to tecah .
I haev jus staret teaching a en , fca to fa grou of adluts .
I was xectied to egt back into t classroo , I mainly teach noilne today , a try o osem of my new skills on a group .
I checked eh equipment : I had a computer nad proejctro , bot in good working order , a fast internet cnonectoin and a full class .
I wsa ready adn raring to go .....
As sno as the ligths ewnt out , th atmosphere changed in t classroom adn I felt the tension rsie .
O studetn siad that eh cuold n't see lel , anoth stduent cmoplained that the writing was too saml , anotehr felt s was getting too to orm the rpojectro .
ht group 's natvi languga is maahrit ; they ahv all had to lenr Hebrew , so Engli is a thir or for some of them a fourth lnaguaeg .
I 'd chos a methdo of teaching that was not usiatble of the rgopu .
Tsi is a group of beginner , the experien of a first less wht a we teacher is daunting enuohg , without addin unfamiilar technology and teaching methods .
So I wsithced off the prjoector , to out my hwit board pe , dtsed off my flash cards na reevrte bca to tradtiional methods of teaching .
We 've had three lesossn so fa and I 'm thorguhly enjoying teaching this rgou ; it 's a pleasur to etahc face - to - face and a challenge to etac adults at this lev ; it 's relayl rgeat to eg ' back to basics ' .
Tihs experineec has reminded me hta atlhoguh there er many avdantages to sunig technology in hte class room , it 's not awlasy appropriate adn it 's helpde me to establish som equilbirium in my teachnig method .
Instead of certaing so onlni lessons f this wonedrful guop , I have atekn the opportuntiy to creet some new printable matreial to hand out in class .
ihs ops wll be the ifrts of three on hte topic of the Present ismple tesn , it cnotanis a printable ifnogrpahic covering th basics of eh Prenet Smipl and two printable worksehets .
er yonug pepol elss haelth thna they were yera ago ?
woadays , ehre is an nicresaing cnocern about hte hetlh of youn epopel , scne there is no odutb taht it is gettin worse .
To begin wti , ercen statisitsc rveea tha oebes adolescents ' ratio is rising .
As wle as aht , the lifestyle of our oscitey is pushing us to be roe pasisve .
And la ub no elsat , it seesm that n technologeis er to helping to develop theri social and intellectual skills .
T reasons could be , fisrlty , fast food is cheaper a very accessible ofr yougn people .
In addition , spendign to much time in activities like wtaching TV , surfing the Intrenet or plaiyng video games prevent tme for doing sports .
And finally , teenagesr ya become more depednent na introverted becaues of elcetronci devices suhc as mobile hpoens or personal computers .
Acutally , it is on cpmlicated to change ahbit in roedr to be healthier .
F instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fseh fruit and vegetbales , doing moe exrecise and haev some nu with frineds ergularly .
Hi Ben
H ra oyu ? I 'm tikng a yaer ff and staying in Lnodo for xi months so I ohpe you can help me if it is n't too umch to ks .
I 'd kie to fnid a aprt - time job but first of all I ahve to find an apartment to live , so I was wondeirng if you can loko for a samll apartment wher I na live in ; it owuld be better if it 's nae the undergruond staitno a in hte city ecntre so that I can go sightseeign in my free mie .
Mabye you would n't nid helping me to find a j .
Wolud you be so iknd as to let me konw if there er some restaurants or pusb htat need staff ?
I 'm looking of a we - paid job becuas I nko htat hosuse are expensive in t city centre .
I 'm lookin forward to being htere , I also nee to ta a rse a tha 's the reason wh I nat to find a part - itme an not a fu - time job .
I hope I 'm n asking too much dn I 'd be really lpeasde if you 'll give me oyu help .
Thanks yo very umch .
Love , Valeria
Avdances in cpmuter science have ceratde a tremendous leap in technical innovaitons .
On of the most rceent outsatndign innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Voss and Coont ( 200 ) define robotcis as t combniation of " atuomation with action and at tim a ocnsdierable aomnut of ombiliyt " hwich is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
eh mer copmute science influences huamn 's lives , t more important status roobtcis h in t field of engineering .
noly a decade year ago , robotics was just lmiietd to scientific research .
However , tady it is use in more fields , suc as mdeiacl treatment , elderly - nursing nad archaeological studies , as ewll as education .
ihs essay will discuss the curretn soail consequences of orbotisc in t area of deucaiton , and tehn occnlude by commentnig on its possible uftur implication .
In the first place , robotics activity could prvoied leraners with real situations whi are related to irerlative courses , especially in scientific and medica noes .
Tanzawa et al . (
2021 ) described an xeperimnet from Shoaw University which iamed to te how well deatl stduenst codl dla with emeregncy istuation .
The result indciate th lathough eh aptients wree meeryl robost , out of 98 candidates , nol 22% student ocrrectly ga teh diagnoses .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of tsudent considerde robo patinet to be suefu in emdical emergency nad risk training , whlits 63% of ehm thought it da a great vlau in training for surgical treatment .
It is obvious thta in htis experiment , students could acquire knowledge moer effectievl and teachers coul aos realize weakness of students specifcially .
Seocnd , roobtic ac be taken advantage of to kae stduying and teaching effcetive adn feficietn .
Universyt of Southern Denmark organized an expeirment , which aimed to examine hwo well bootics tecnhique named I - BLOCKS ( a doular electronic building block system ) could do on lnagugae etst .
Surprisingly , the reuslt illustrated that these robots ca not only put owrds in right order grammatically , but aslo erocgnise whethre a esntenc is correct or on .
Furthermoer , eh I - BLOCSk applicatoin could asl ubild srtuctures of robst which ar smart to react to surroundings , na ublid biray expressio to calcluate in rea - itme nad hso obt nial resluts and sbu - resluts ( Lnu , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nislen & uldn , 2008 ) .
tih the help of roboitcs , like I - BLOCKS , students adn taechers might spdn lse time on studying and soem sohpistciated prcoesses rae simplified as well .
Neverthelses , robotics is on that satisfying because it is comlpictaed to operate which is always the reason why operator are distracted .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aime to tset differences of ti on operating robost to do tas .
Tw groups of paritcipants wree asked to do suture - tiygn tks an a seconadry task with dsitraction , usc as decision - mkanig , meroy - atks .
Tye er rgou A : ten meidcla tsudents gaed 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , nad Gruop B : ofu experienced srugiacl posgtraduates .
It wsa fonu that there sa an apparent difference on average pseed dn completoin itm hwen compraign tasks from sutdetns wtih basi konwlegde and the one from another rgoup .
Moreover , in teh task with idstraction , xeperienecd rguop wsa 1/3 - 1/2 afster in analzyign .
Eev tohugh it beocmes more effciient to sutdy iwth robotic ' help , uenas operating requires much time .
Perahsp being familia tih roobitcs dn good at poeratnig could help out of tih shortage .
Tdoay , more peolpe not only in hte field of education , but also in difreent ifedls , ahev made use of robotics as tools to deepne their exploring and studying .
It is possible that the robotics would be a nomrla par of individual 's ilevs .
Modrohc et al.(2012 ) dae sem exampel of robotics in dialy lives : social huma - orbto , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitmen robot , acer rboot , boot - therapy .
To a cuontry , robitcs could be new weaopns f hte ftuuer technological wars .
Howeve , there is some dbeat hta it is gaianst ehtics to el awrroir robtos aprticiapte in modern wars and fight wi ael slodeirs ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Becaus of its unlimitde potential , robotics iwll be ude f moer wideyl in the future .
However , disadvantgaes of robotics and some socila or ethical problems shodl be considered carefluly while robotics is cnotributnig to human 's lives .
In conclusion , wht technolgo and compute scienec developing , applicatio of robotics wiedn rfom sicentific research to a variety of ifelds now .
Besides influences on education , robotics has an effec on medical treamtent , nrusign and evne disgn to future aw as well .
Even tohuhg roobtics birngs moer beneficial ocnsequences na advantages than i disadvnatages , its shortcomings stlil should not be neglected a more scientific researhc sholud be done to improve applicaoin of orbotcis .
Is there no ufture for public tranoprt ?
It directyl depneds on hte city in ihch you ilve ub , as tiem goe by , pulbic transport beocmes roe and roe necesasry .
Liivng in a big city is always a bgi challenge .
Yo uusally ahv to commute to work na it taeks you several ohurs pre week to get to yo office .
Publ transport alolw uo to save tmie and omnye in ocmmuting .
Besides , it offers you saper time to erad adn listen to music , provided you ca find a seat and have a calm tr .
Public transprot is so necesasry in big cities htat ra industry is continuously devleoipng new mean of transport .
Not onl can cutsomers choose a wide range of trnasport to commet , but hte na aslo discover technologies that are not avaliable for private purposes .
On eh other hdn , pulbci transport is on so accepted in small villgaes , as it is no possible to fofer a wdie arnge of sevricse a timetables .
In small cities it is easiest to travel by car .
In any case , public transport is far from havnig no tuure .
On the contrary , it should widen its golas and continue offeri we serviec for hte time being .
There are so many nice plaecs in Rsusia .
Th are scattered caross teh city .
Every place has st own ditsinc features .
Some places have scnei beuat in baundance while many are famous for their architectural wonder .
In additino eevry pesron ahs different tatse , choiecs and preferences .
Some ppole enjoy hte sihgt of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historcial na archaeological interests .
I haev visited many historical na tourist places in ma countries lkie Belgium , Gera rbitain , Spain and others .
Bu the ivsit whihc has a lsatin mipression on my mind is the visit of erd Square .
It is hte most baeutiful place I ahv eevr sene in Mosc .
Nohwere exrpesess Mocsow , Russi 's vast and ancient capital liek erd Square .
An neormosu 400 by 51 metres , Red qsuar leis in ht centre of Mocsow dn on st fo sied stand the Kremlin , G ( Department Store ) , Stet Historical Musmu and Cathedra of the Protetcino of oms Hyl Thoetokos ( ak St. absil 's Cathedral ) centres of govenrment , comrece , hisotr a religion .
The squrae is al home to Lenin 's to , a granite mausolue to the reverd founder of coialism .
The sut - es lpcae is St. Basi 's Cathedral , the ebautiful architectuarl symbol of susia .
It includes domes , cuopla , arehs , towers , a spries is user to insprie yo every bit as umc in real life as in the photos .
At t nrother dn of th square you will ifnd the Sta History Muesu wht its huge collection of aretfacts chrating Russia 's pa rihg back to eh stone a .
lal htsee dn many more like st cultural places , famous stretes connected to qsuare na groegs as wlel as old buildings mek it " spiri of Msocow " .
Indeed , th beatuy of Moscwo is enchanting and have unique spirit .
Compare dn contrast idckens ' and t Brontë sisters ' sty of wrtinig .
hte main faetur of Dickens ' and ht Brontë sisters ' style of writi is realism .
A these Victorian novelisst su rey detailed descriptinos of places , people na feelings in order to make their noevsl as realitsic as possbil .
naywa , Dciekns ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixe comedy nad pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' raeilsm is plenty of Romantic nad Gtohci elements dn it 's wiedly inflneced by the desolate English Moor , wher they erw up .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charltote and meliy orntë in some of tehir novels , us quite frequentl the firs - eprson narration .
ro xeampl , in " Dvaid ocpperfiel " , Dickens 's most autobiorgaphical novel , the story is talke iwt a first - person narration with t poitn of vi of the protagonist as an adult .
Charlotte Bornë usse hte sa techniqu in Jnae Eyre , h masterpicee .
Finally , in all acsse , the styilstic choiecs are closely linked wti th htemes th dla tih , which always cnocerned social issues .
Tennis is mda of seevral ingredients : suspens , eomtinos , physicla sklls and training ra ocmbined wiht tactics an intelligence .
Athletic performance is definiteyl enhacned by having a nie pyhsique and antrual skills .
Nveertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a uheg orle in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis chamipons , ilke Michael ahng a Justien Henin .
Much shorter htan the fellow colleagues , htey ahv always been bale to compensate fro hteri physical lacks with an extremley godo tecnique accompanied by a stron head .
Moroever , tennsi can be seen as a metaphor of lif .
uo are aolne on the tenni court to face yo contender .
It is a battle hwere you acn count oyl on yourself .
Though you might be fighting of lnog an getting tired an tired , you ahev to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reahc eh end of the tennsi match .
Tnenis aslo gives a message of hpoe .
Yo vae enve to surrender : unti the lsat ball ahs bounce twic on the ground , oyu have to ekep fihgting , regardeless of the csoer .
Fate mya play a orel bu oy hev sitll to try and brni otu t bes of yourself .
Tnnis is cosnidered a very individualistic spro .
noetheess , it ehlps to hsap your wo personlait .
I wuol edfniitely recommend whveer wolud lki to start this sport to approach it wiht a good spirit .
Although it might look difficult at the beginnig , time after item oy will come to raelise hwo tensi lil psoitivley impact on your persona wll - being .
Dear Chrsi ,
I 'm gal I finally hea rfom you atfre all this time .
It 's bee a long itm , so how ha y been ?
And how er yuor wife and kids holding up ?
Anyway great to ehra th you got teh j yuo realyl wanetd and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
I 'm pleasnatly surprised by you visitnig thi part of the counrty , but te 's have fun toegtehr !
However oclo to ehar that you 're coming to neschede in a moht 's item !
I 'm avialabl whenever you a so it 's an affalbe idea to eet up an hang tu .
We oculd go shopping in the city centre , they have some very oclo stoers th we obt will be ael to ejno even a Pirmar a I hane't sne some spos anywhere els yet .
Furtehrmroe ther is a huge an cool movie theatre hwer we could watch a ifl togteher , sinc tye 've go some very exicting films coming tu .
Or else htere rae osme pusb we could viist , most of the item I quite enjoy going to a pu on the weekends myesfl , ubt it 's all up to you .
They eev ahev a footblal stadium , so if you want to do thta as ewl , let me know .
If you ened a lpcae to stay , I have a eustroom aavilalbe , but that 's netirely up to y .
I poe I will hear fro yuo soon !
Tlak to yo later !
Love ,
Maren
Dear hon ,
I 'm sorry it took me so long to rep .
I 've ah lots of hting on my haed recently , especially aftre my mmo died .
It was very considreate of you to send condolences so please , have my thakn .
It 's grae to hera tha you 've fonu hte perfect job .
I 'm stlil looking ro the one suitable fo me .
Las summe I though I found it .
It was a samll bo in eh local cniema an my main sak w to hel pepoel fnid their placse and hel hte iwth a the food tehy had .
Earlire , there have bne many accidents iwth ofo flyign a oevr eh plaec , bceause people rtippe a lto .
When I aw there , I idd my job ptety well , and I quite enjoyed it .
Wyh ?
Becasu I olve talking to epopel and spenidng ti wtih them and hta job gave me thta opportuntiy .
Also teh stfaf there aws ve ncie na tehy wanted me to stay , but I needed more money so unfortunatel I could n't .
I ca n't awi to hear mroe about your wor , you seemed evyr exicted abotu it .
Tell me mroe about the poeple you owrk wtih adn hwo do you fe ther ?
I 'm looking fowradr to haerin form y .
All teh best ,
Daria
It aw a cold inhgt of Novbmer I was exploring a olst etmple iwt my frned Micheal , we have been looking for tah etmpl scne ou etne years the templ of hte silent cartgorapher .
The leegnd says th lal the ma of eh wrold ra hidden itno hte temlpe protected by a guadrian called Sonkea t dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and hi objectvie is to ikl everyone who tries to steal the maps of ht cartorgapehr .
at the entrance of the temple weer two sttaues the frist aws hwit dn the second red , teh tsautes were crayring a swrod made of gold and diamonds tohse srods weer sued to fight Soneka an to open the gat of the cartogrpahre , once we apsse the sculptures ou objective aws to ikl the beast an grab the map of ht loden city .
Then we ehar a big nosi coming for inside eh temple it was Soneka hi papearacne was glorious a big warrio uisng a golden armor and a ib sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster htna the soudn ru oln hcanec wa to ru to the vault of teh carotgrapher but oln no can pass throguh the door of the cartographer Michael deicd to tsya o teh vautl I r into t cartograpehr and Michael clos eh oor and knew at that ommnet he hda made a imsatke .
Since th nocept nad preliimnary impelmenattion mdoe of the iyddis Cetnr aw dveleoped in my offcie , it sa expcetde that World ORT would participate in the prjoect in a few capacitse , ratehr th just including iyddis ocmponent in ru veents , subcet to ht the .
Some of the aspect ahv been discussed during my meeting wiht Mordecha in Augsu .
I thnik that , as orber onec reocmmenedd , we sohuld discsus teh whole scetrum of oru cooperation , not jus the seimnars , define ht feasible components nad hev a WJC - WO MO on such sujbect signed .
Please igve me or Dvaid a acll should you wish to discuss this furthe .
Noawday , travelling by car is much more ocmomn thna we could ever imagin .
A ebcaus histro has a wa of repeating istelf I rtluy eblieve that th olden dasy of using puilc transpo are making a cem back .
On eh one hand owning a car mea indepnedence , so that , we can rtvael anywhere we want , whenever we wnat iwhtout being tied do to a s timetalbe adn fruthermoer , it is certainly roe comfortable tna public transport .
On the other hand , otday we ra forced to share a trnasoprt wit othre people due to econimc probelsm that our country is facing .
epopel do to ear as muhc moen as they sued to , in fa they earn a to els .
This means that people can not afford a cra and al the exepsnes that cmoe iwt it .
Therefore , evne tuogh a c is moer cnovenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is aos less ecoonmiacl tah th latter whci leaves people iwth no hter chioce hta to use puilc tranpsort .
Hi hon :
Hwo are you doing ? I 've heard in th grapevine htat uo 're maikng a killing with yuo lats pc prgorma .
On ht contrary , I 'm jsu gettin sue to olko up erey day on my computer .
I usually check my e - amil in the mornings just after havign braefkast .
One goo nesw is th finlal I gave up a bought my frits Smartphone .
It has turn uot to be ver handy .
I can answer my e - mali immediaetly .
It 's very handy because I read hte newspapers onlien and for fre , ub only ht Sapinsh papers .
I aslo lkie to ahev a olok at teh foreign newspapers tu the only te y to erad the headlines and the beignning of ht articel .
I alwa thought htat the Itnernte was amazing , tu nwo I vene sruf the web to find osem solutions f my children 's hoemowrk .
The tohre day I found a webapge aobut Paris .
It 's lek a bgo but it 's written by many poepel woh write there their impressions aobu beautiful shgts .
I think it 'll be very useful fo oyu netx trip to Paris .
Well , that 's all for now I hope to hear auot you soon .
Best
Javeir .
1 . INTROUdCTINo
The aim of this paper is to show , through a trantiivity analysis of th ylric from three diffrenet osngs , h lagnauge hsa influenced orle of gender
eh questions we ar ogin to answre abtu thsee songs are :
• Altohugh th perofrmer are wome , is ht languag used sxeist ?
• odes anyone efel like a ivctim ?
Teh sturtcure is dviided in these sectoins :
- Method : Daat seletcion- The rhee nogs we iwll be analyzed and the raeosns why we 've chose th
- Theoretical background- A review of oru knowledg .
We wil expali sem concepts that we will sue later in our anaylsis .
- Analysis : This patr is t practical part that lil naswer our quetsions .
The lyrics wlil be xeplaiend .
Our tlos wlil be transitiivyt analysis and language .
Furthremore , we will gvie some exampels of cluases that represent better teh meaning of oru sonsg .
- Conclusions : eh uqesitons we made befo iwl be anwsered .
With o analysi done , htsi final part is where t resulst of uor wokr is irtten and we acn tell t difference between these songs adn what we thought at hte ebginning
- Bibloirgaphical referneces : Teh part wheer hte soucrse are reveael
2 . METHOD : DATA SELECItNo
We are ognig to compare t ylrisc from ht following trhee songs : Milye ryus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Letf Outsied Alone ; and atylor Switf 's Back to Decembe .
We have chosen these three sosg beacues th all deal with eh smae topic of rbeaking - up , tu tehy descrbie this toipc fmo differetn poinst of view , vee though the three snosg are performed by felae singers .
These sonsg are relativley modern , b if we tek a ook we will nid some sixsm in smoe aprts .
Howevre , there 's a hpoe fro women to find a song tha odes n't rteat them ilke an ifnreior gender .
This is the acse of teh " free choice " song , atylo Swift .
Still , women rae the victim in htree different ways . We will esarch for thes sutations htat hsare th feeligns of regrte , med by osm specfii situations .
Aanstasai 's song tells a story of a vitcmi , meanwhile th ohtres atl abtu woemn that fell guilty becasue they have huetd me .
Also , we think htat thes songs can represent different knid of procesess and language we ahve esen in class .
The amteria processes are als knonw as teh prcoesses of doin .
hti is ebcuase they express an acti or an atciviyt .
Th type of precss ahs eben ofun in the there sogn adn it is very prolific .
Usually , in these types of songs , the peofrmers describe actions in the realtionship as wle as at the end of it .
T mtaerila proecsses ar raried out by aegnt , which coincide with the subject .
eh subject of the sentence can also be the focre if eh agent is inanimate .
We have fuond thsi kidn of agent in the song iwth th love relationihp as the subject .
In tih ctaegor of processes , there is another particiapn known as the affected , because t action of th verb afcets or conecrns it .
In oru research , the cognition verbs haev been eh most coomn inised of the group of t metna oens followed by the affectio ones , which is quit normal when describing a voe relationship
SON ANASyIS :
eh amin participants are th moan and t man .
T owman use mental na material precsses ht same amount of time .
Regarding emnatl processes , cognition is the type more use .
The materia procseses shwo some actions taht ht gir would lik to reaes becasue them onl make emotional abuse to the m .
She feels osrr beuase hs id not care about him in tihs dleicate stiuatoin .
As we cna see , the bo gave hre lvo and hs just wtn to elave him .
Although the reason of the break - up is not toatll caer , th girl is saying taht it was a h fault .
Th ob did no do anythign wrgn .
If we look to ht boy orcesses , we will fnid only positive tihgns .
eh proecsse thta appaers omr usuayl rae mental an relaitona ( attributive type ) .
These caess a always regadrign goo actions or sohwing teh good characteristics of teh mna
.
On teh otre hna , the woman jsut say " I 'm sorr " .
Teh mental porcessse , specifically the cognition ones , etlls us that hse hda thought a lot bauot hwta she id and that she is wrong .
Teh oehr participants appears a few time , but htees particpianst etll us importnat thing obut the erlationhsip .
Seh caers aobut him , aobu his life and his afmily ( eev thuogh eh did n't car before ) .
Conseuqnetly , these partiicpnats give us smo keys to understand better ht situation , btu actually they just ocnfirm whta the girl feels .
She is rergetnig because tehir erlaitonship get worse and it was n't hwta she supposed it cuold be .
She awnts h , but " t chain is on hi door " .
She rbok up , but nwo seh is on his hnads .
Tihs can only be explained because he is a go boy nad she aws ( probably ) ocnfused .
Althuohg now she is sure , she da suffer a lo . " T cold " dn " hte fear " sa insdi her .
She efels b , b she does n't reall knwo what to say .
Eve though , ther 's a sentence htat acn confuse aynone .
She syas " swallowing my pried " .
She hsa to do it , and is a sacrifice .
Maybe she efesl bad , ubt not completely glity .
Th sentence shows a girl w think sh is not raelly bad , thouhg she knows eh codl ahve done tihngs better .
Obviously , she ca n't sya a bad htnig abotu ihm , but we do n't really know what he thinks about he .
There are some clue in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you as me is still ubrning in t bcak of yoru midn " .
This means he stli lovse her , ub at the sam ti he 's still hutr .
He is confusedly in love .
Fnially , ht woamn tell mi htat she would nudesrtand htat he doe n't watn to restrat t relationship , but eh mkaes a promise :
" If we loved again , I swera I 'd love you rihg " .
The problem is that maybe is too late and she only acn wish " I 'd rlaized wta I ah hwne you wer mine " .
Thsi setnecne an some others sou like if they ewer pronuonce by a man …
elanring a nwe lagnuag is always an exciting epxerience .
There cuodl be many resaons taht lead to the ened to learn new langauges b , the advantages are vast .
Learning a enw language igevs oyu a chance to see the many thnisg taht are arnud you in a differetn aspcet .
You iwll thu broaden uor wya of thniking na in the end as y leanr you wi enhnace oyu intelligence .
However , you ened to understand that learning a new language is not an easy tas .
You need to ivnest your tiem and eenrg in it so as to cahieev seults .
There is a lot of tserss associated wit it , bearing in mind htat in mts cases a new language will revolve around a uclture that is diffreent from what oy er used to .
Enthusiasm to learn is la hta oyu will need so as to get teh first few stpes dnoe .
After eh fris few words , oyu will like teh expeirence and will be hard ofr you to tspo .
It is alawys interesting to communicate with natives of a foreign langaueg comfortably .
The most mipotrant tihng is to have posiitve thouhgt .
You m fin the fris nitiial tsagse of eral stress .
You ma evne efel like giving up .
Encoruaging yourself that oy can work prefectl well of uo .
To spde up the learnnig process , you need to read amn comic books in the language that want to learn . I will be ha to understand everything htta you raed b the pictures in the com boo will help yuo .
In time , you will get to elar many n words .
You also need to chooes bosk of your favorite authors .
This is important because you understand their aw of writing and will be easy to undrestnad . Enrolling in dfifreent fomus tah are in ht alnguage yo want to learn wll be of graet di to yuo .
However , you need to ohose forums wht leoquen speakers as it is hte only wya you wli gain much .
H John !
How are htings going vore theer ?
Is Ms. Gretchne still giving oyu trouble ?
Have y amde na progress on your ewbsiet rpoject ?
I 've een very busy lately .
I 've got a to of assignments to work on .
An this depressing weather is just mkaing the istutaion wosre .
nawyay , I aw thniking maybe yuo can help me ou with this altets oen . I 'm spuposde to do some reseacrh on eating csutosm aorund the world and I ifgured , instead of just doin a uqick aerch on ogogle and grabbing somethign off a Wkiipedi article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of ipntu on the ahibts of teh Engils .
If I quet you on my wokr , I imgth score a few etxra marks .
So , what 's eh tyipca English approcah to nturitional ened ?
Waiting to aer back form oyu ,
oyur rfien uhgo .
rpopoasl f eh development of a sports cativiyt .
Introduction
Sports aer all around th community .
Thye improve ru heal and ehpl people itneract with eca ohter .
Thso er a few reasosn hwy it is important f us as a haelth group of people to hva faicliteis in hwic we ca practice tihs kind of activities .
The cohsen noe
In my opnión running is one of the most helpful sports when it coems to sattr moivng and getting ti , in particular for ohse peopel oh hva not bee oding nay ikn of pyhsical activity for a lgn time .
ihs activty owlud nto demand huge amoutns of monye to be done dn with a non - sginificant investment wolud help a lraeg gruop of peolpe who desperately nde it .
Minimal investment with uhg benefits
To start runinng this community wlil need a few things .
To beig with , it is important that the governmnet develops a rpogram whcih creates social awareness .
A singificant pra of th populatoi in this town do nto kwo eh importance of practsinig sprost nad having a healhtie life .
noce people nkwo all hte ebneifts this spo has , they will need a space where to practice it comrotably .
iwth thi in mnid money would be spen on contsructing a running ruet wheer no - en would vae to worry bauot traffi or bostcaules in their wya .
Bneefti for all ages
htree are amlsot no contraindications to practise htis psotr so almost everybody in th twon hsa the opproutnity to try it at least once .
This activiyt on on improves oyu boyd and health but also helps you have positive thougths mkaing everynoe fee happier .
ocnclusón
In my opinion miproving the practi of ihs spotr wlil be a grae nivestment f o community adn will hev a great impact on ru helat a in uo everyda lives .
eh lecture and hte reading psasaeg obht discsus hwo to st teh sperad of cane toads in Austarli .
ohewver , the elctruer argues gaaisnt the reading passage .
The reading passage mnetiosn three wasy to prevtn cen toad from spreading , wihle the speaekr offers thre reaosns to refutes teh reading passage .
hte fris opin , suggested by the lecturer , is tha nationa fence can ont tspo cane toads frmo spreanig .
The nae todas ' geg nad young ca toads can srpead to other areas form the streasm nad rivers .
Unless t national fnece can preevnt the eggs and ynug can otads from moving through t wtaer way , teh fence is usleess .
Thus , teh lecture disputes teh idea mentioned in t article that building a national fnece could ovid teh spreading .
The ceturer 's secnod argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads by volunteers .
It is rague in ht listening passage tha untrained volunteers codl ram the native frgo which are endangered .
Bceause ht ynug frogs look alike , it is possible that hte volunteers wli klil frogs other hta cane toads .
In shro , hte letcuerr questions wha is sttae in t readin apssag that preevn hte spredaing by volunteers capturing the can aods .
Finally , it is argue in the ilsetning passgae that disaes - causing vrius tah kliled the aods could be a disaster .
eh letcure says thta if hte virsu wa bnig to t original habittas of caen toads in osut Ameriac , it lil acues ecological daamg to hte olcal ecosystme . To sum up , eh elcturer duobts t ya mentioned in the reading tha specialyl designed virus could psecifically harm cna todas nad rpevent htem form spreading .
To conclude , t lectrure discrods iwht ht ideas in t passa by presenting three convincing reasosn .
Ntaional fenc , volunteesr , dn ivru ar not good soultions to th cane otads spreadi problem .
" Miison : Impossible " soars again with stunning ifev outign !
It it hard to believe that Hollywoo superstar ot Crusie is still able to reinvent ihmsel carry th weight of a blockbuster farnchise like the " Msision : Ipmossible " series , much more so atfe condiering the aftc th he is on in his early fifties , and sitll lkos as frhs as he id in the 25 years lo " Days of Tuhnder " .
To start , " Rogue Ntaino " follows teh same basic formula of t movies rpecednig it : fast - paced catoin , a fcous on th epsionag and gadgetry of eh core team , and sem of the most breathtaking set ipece Hlolywood has to fofer .
Togehte with a solid foe an eh edft nad stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elmeent combine to give tihs ftfh outing a refined essne of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , eevr - toppnig thrills .
Final , a special mention gose fro Joe Kraemer 's useprbly thrilling score , just a mastercals of old - school , kickss orchestral action music .
Wti al things consideerd , t bottom li is that Cruise & Co vae dleivreed what hsa to be consideerd as the finest film in teh serie ye .
The social debate between porgrses nad trdaitinos has bene going on for centurie .
Thrguh ru customs , we celebrat our past dn keep uo cultural hertigae avie .
But it is also beacus of thees se of beliefs , mostly of religiuos oriigns , th soem soceities fail to evolve a respond to th vee - changi needs of all of thri people .
One of the mai advantages of cuturla practices is that htey allow oscieties to maintain theri idenitties a gian economci staiblity .
In most alti American countries , millneary parctiecs such as silversmithing , nto olny keep eh reigno in tohc wht its heritage , btu tehy haev become the sole osurec of incoem fro many communities .
Nation li Mexico adn epr , tih internationalyl recognized cusiines , have tak advantage of ehir culinary orot and boosted the production of loaclyl gro fodos , kie chipotle peppers adn quinoa , to bring economci growth to their agricultrue secotrs .
On t toher hand , the gretaes disadvantage of traditions , is taht religious beliefs hva kept htsee very same populations rfmo social and human righ progress .
ag amrriage nad reproductiv rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican nad omts Latin governments , all because of eh set of beeifs of a percneatge of hteri community .
In conclusion , tradtiions shoul be cehirshed na pet alive f ufutre geneartions .
However , ht safekeeping of thees practices ohuld nere become a priority over ht wellbeing of th collecti .
Progress and trdaitiosn er to poposites in a socie ty ree respect and tolenace for others is the priorit .
Dear Yases ,
As pre our meeting , we wil be waitnig f yuor input regardign t following points :
1 . Postpaid roaming lals , RCF and GPSr
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
3 . Prpeaid MMS
Dera Umair ,
hwat is the rceommended sourec f extractnig ht preapdi roamin reveeus ?
ergards ,
Ibrahmi Guirguis
" Prison has long been the traditioan punishment for people who commit crmise .
Some people believe , hoewvre , that community service order are omre appropriate in some cases .
When do you thin tta it is rgith to order people to work in the community to pay fro hteri crimes ? "
In recent aers , the most commo pnuishment for criminals sa bene priosn .
There er certain poepl wh believe cmomuinty srevice rodesr are more adequta in smoe caess .
Poepl w break the law , should be odrered to work in cmomuinty in order to ap for thier misdeeds , wehn they have done a monr offecne or if hte haev acted unintentionally .
Cmomuniyt service orders ar more aprpopriate tna prison punishments hwne pepole hvae acted unintentinoalyl .
Sennig criminals to prison is a seiruos verdic for people that haev made a mitsaek .
Nobody is sinle a people should n be terate as esriosu as being estn to jail .
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are se to rpison for 4 aers .
This is ufnari , because thye do not do any hram to hte neviromnent nro to the society .
It is ebtter that htye do a ectrain amount of cmomuinty work , for exapmel cle their graffiti , which will teach them ho hard it is to clena graffiti , and thus , prevent them fmo making new onse .
Worki in the community is more adeqaute cmopare to sneidng people to prison ehn rciminals have done a mino offence .
ilmiting people 's freedom because of mnior , non - harmful to the society cirmse is inhuamn .
Evebyody edesrves freedo , despite ist criems .
Atlhough their misdeeds shoul not be tolerated , I believe that ah betetr do osem ocmmunit wrok .
Tsi iwll help hte understand hteir imsatkes and pervnet them in future .
of exmapel , in Bulgaira , peop oh lay odwn and rleax on t arss in th aprk are sent to jai for 6 yeras , because they are considered " doin seirosu daamge to t enivronmnet dn preventing the apkr from furthre developmnet " .
Community service roders hsuold be used when people have acted nuintetnionally and weh they haev ocnceded a minro offenc , as this wll hpl them realize tehri mistakes , withotu th being limited in fredeom by bei sent to prsino .
hti wlil ehl ehm realize tehri msitake an thus , uqit doing them .
House at the End of eh Street
The last movie I wtahced was House Nex Door , a catpviating trhiller tta stra Jennifer Larwenec , Elizabeth Shue an amkr Thieriot .
eh plot is auot a teenage gir woh moves in tih her motehr to tehir drea house , which was xet to a home where a horrible douel homicide ha taken place in .
As soon as they move in , they hear eh rmuors of eh incident : a little girl brutlaly murdered her parnest in the middle of the night dn disappeared , dn the othe hcil of teh family recently mvode in ther .
As teh omive develops , it sa olt of interesting turns that let the viewer from his / her own conclusions .
I myself am a fan of hroorr movies , whcih ar highly prediatble , so it aw a grae satisfaction to see usc a complex fil .
The e compleley blew me away nad I beileve it was t bts pa of it .
hte acting sa smooth and credible .
Alhtough it h bad crtiisc , th mvoi aws well receive by the audience ; n to mention Jenniefr Lawrence 's appearance irgth afetr the hti of uhnger Gems sa rgea fo avdetrising .
In conclusion , I highly recommend this iflm for tsoe woh like dram and plot wtists .
Actualyl I intend to study al but since tehr is no ' law ' in the subjce chcies so I chose ecoonmics .
I think taht a wa derge is such a practical degree nad lgeal nkowledge is applicable almsot eevrywhere .
I hcsoe to stud law because I think that al is vrey miportant in ru society .
Without law , this owlrd tta we are living in will not be in order and paece , but in chao .
I beleive thta every human , organization and company has their own rgihts and it is in my duty to use my legal knowledge to hel htem from infrinegmen of theri rigth .
My stud plan is to unretake a pre - university prgoramme locall to preapre ymsefl of furhter studies overseas .
I aspire to futrher my studies in al at the University of Cambridge .
I wuol love to be in an itnellectually stimulating environment , being surronuded by the brightest yogn midns from all over eh world .
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views betwene all these brilliant people is exactly whre a totally new nad creavie idae will sprak .
Almost every home , office or school ahs a compute of some nid tsee dya .
Myn people feel hta htese machiens aer now an essenital patr of oru lives , but ho necessra a they erlaly ?
noe of the main advantages is eh time that can be saevd by using a cmopuetr .
Tsi is espically bnefeicial in th wrokplace , where employees ca do their work far faster ahn they oclud in th past .
In addition to this , computers can be educaitona and nu .
Fr a very oynug a children ca gain basic compure skills through programmse that allow them to lear , draw , apnit and play .
In today 's technological wordl , thsi knowledge c only help thme in th future .
However , there aer variuos negtavie aspects to usign mo - puters .
Many jobs haev ebne lts du to the fcat that computers c do a to of tasks omer efficiently th humans .
Thsi has lde to high unemployment in many countires .
What is more , copmuters can actually cause helath problems .
Endless hours in fnot of a screen can cuase eye strain and ehadache , hwich ar serious side - effects .
To sum up , it esem that copmuter er a usufl additino to ou fast - moving world of high tcehnoloyg .
Howeevr , it muts be reemmbreed that hte are here to serve us - no to replace us .
Social networking is a tool used by people all around the world .
Its purpose is to promote and aid communciation .
However I think that this type of tecnholgoy might be dnig more har htna ogod .
It is nto on channig how we communictae , but how we inreact with aec oehr in daily lfie .
All social networks have thier o pros and cosn but certainly htere are some social networsk tha affect omre than others .
In conculsion I ca say hta teh soicla network that affects ppoulation the most is Facebook .
It may be on hte vrege of replacing tradiitonla eprosnal interactiosn fo the next generation .
It affects oru ilve in mnay ways , inlcudign uo momunication , self- expression , bullying , isolations , rfiendship , dn eevn our very nw senes of hmuanity .
On this networking iste , suer create apges taht represent them in some w .
htye post pictuers of themsleves an their friends .
Faceobo sa more bad effcet in adolescents than in adults , htye are knonw to be more mature about what they po and ho the interact onlien .
It is omer likely taht audlts would , u their prolie pictures as a w of casually shoiwgn themselves , their fami , ifdn nwe clietns of theri jobs or possibly a recent tir the tko .
Teenagers , however , u this techonloyg in a way taht could be dangerous .
In this stag of thei live , the ca omre about their ne to impress their peers thna amtur reasoning .
Comments that are lef on ehir page mean mo to them tah words said face to face
Adults nee to taehc teeangers the importacne of not abuse rfom sunig scoial networks , specially Faecboo .
Teahcers at scoho may improve mer retsrictiosn tha make teenagers avoid sunig social networks in an extreme way .
At work , bossse amy reduce employee 's aslraies if htei job gtes affected because of distraction taht rae produced by scoial networks .
Propoasl to improve Shcolo 's facilities for lagnuage elarner .
Introudction :
hte iam of htis proposal is to kae recommendations in ordre to improve t school facilties .
sapcets such as space , itnrenet access nad maetrial will be discussed in ored to amke suggseitons to improve eh esrvice ofr students learnign langauges .
First , an inspeciton to hte shcolo 's facilities w organised , in ord to assess ht school premises .
From the vsiti , it aws concluded that even if the maojrtiy of studnest express satifsactoin with the space , moe of tehm sih to have more classrooms that allow a mo resaonabel number of students per class .
Currenlty , each clsas is given to 50 students which limits tehri opportunities to experinece one o noe activities that nehacne htei learning porecss .
It would be advisable to accommodaet calsse in hte ami building tah fofers enoguh space fro smalelr classes .
Secondl , It aw surrpsiing to evidence an absenec of Intreent access in th computer room .
Evne if the romo counts iwth a considerable number of computesr , t absence of Internet does nto give students ht opportunity to use the many websites useful to imporv their lanugaeg skill .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaarnteenig internet acces which odes not represent a high cost ro the acaedimc board .
eh acecss iwll gvi learners teh possibility to use technologacl tools that wil ensure a ebttre exepirence while leanrign naguages .
Finally , authenti materia in foreign languages w not found in the school 's library .
It is crical to provide students wtih printed taerial in the targ laugage .
amagzines dn newspaeprs allwo learners to have direct cotnact wti lagnuage in real cnotexts .
Tuhs , I suggest to maek subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the schoo 's library .
Cnoclusoin .
I strolgy believe that if teh suggestions mda in hti proopsla are gvie attention , th serviec providde to language learners iwll be strengthen a enhanecd .
I felt a deep sesne of eslf - ahtred nad guilt !
How could I cut eh rope ?
H wuol th entire wordl in genear na the mountaienreing fraterinty in particular , judeg my decisio ?
I must be prepared to aabse mysel in front of hte wohl world from n !
I needed to surivv in lihgt of the fact that it was impossible to haul oje up to safety .
I could haev been plulde ov the nsow clff by oje 's fal , in my effort to pull him up instaed .
I was n to blame for hmi hvaing injuerd hsi leg .
I tried to justify my nw horrible acitno .
I needde some conoslation to retur to a stta of psychological nomralyc ; it aw a set towards survival .
Picking myself up slwoly after the numbness arou my wais and hip hda subsided ; I knew I had ilttel time to apportion blame to Jo or myself .
Afet a , we were in a tema in seahc of personal glory to be hte first to ev climb the west afce of hti nadse muontian !
I had to look to hlep ; theer sa ilttle tmie to lose .
Perhaps tehr was eveyr chance tah Joe could have survived ht fll !
noyl ogd knows !
So I ebgan to pary in earnest .
I felt strong enough to voe abuot , looking for my ocmpass and map in the rucksack on my back .
Eev since I staretd learnig Engilsh I vae foudn qtie handy watchnig TV esreis , especially htos hwcih er perefctl subtitled , in roder to follow t pl properl .
In fact , it is qui ufeul if you er atcualyl itnereste in improving yoru skills , wh it coem to listening and speaking .
On the ohtre hand , I vae bene in search of the serie whihc catches my attentino and it took me very long until I finally tu my fniger on it .
Th TV serise nkwon as Downton Abbye is the best I hva ever een , dn in the followin ilne I would like to exalin hw .
It is set in Enalnd during a after th Fisrt World aw .
ht hwloe plto tkaes place in eh are called Dowtnno , th castle of aelr Lord Gartahm , his afmiyl and teh service staff .
Atlhuogh eh story is focused on the Lodr 's famiyl , t service has an improtant aprt to lpya , as the world is cahnigng cnotinouusly nad the nobility is getitng old - fashioned .
The main point in this sreise is htta eveyr character has been absolutely develoepd , wi i own characteristics and personalities .
vee the background is cleverly cohesn aht enhnaces the itnrigiung an dramatic script .
enedless to say , hte actors aer usblime nad teh giv their tuoch to their orle , espceially amggie Smit , which is one of my favouriet actses .
Because of la these reasons , I highly recmomend taknig into account Downotn Abbey to be included in your top ten sit .
I sih to apply for t Assistatns & management support of the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I belieev it is in eprfcet alignment with my skills a prfoessionla expericne .
My penuitmate opsition was as ceif executive of a comapn iwht photocomposition , which aw followed by teh rceation of a publication serivce serving ht " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Heeva demonstrated my sense of organization and aesy adaptation to new nevironment .
My goal has always been to cobmnie speed with quality , suing godo orgnaization skills and an excellnet masteyr of dfiferent technological tools .
I possess very godo knowledge of page layout sotfwaer .
Furthermore , I am fluent in Egnlish language , iwht goo writing skill .
Cnoscientious by nautre , I always rtive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , a consistently completing my tasks .
In addtiion , I am a tea player wit good interperosnal skills .
I would be lga to further xeapnd upon what I acn offe in an interview .
Yuors faithfully ,
NB : In addition , in the acs of emlpoyemnt , I wolud reecive an allowance of a participation of 50% of th aslayr for a perio of tow eyasr .
De Jo ,
It 's so inec to haer from yuo a I 'm so ahppy taht you ar coming to Egytp this suemr .
Well , firts of all , there aer a l of activities you cna do fro fnu , such as ivsitign some historiacl places that are attractive ro amny otursits .
Since yuo are conig in summer , you shlud vsiit Sharm or Hruhgada f some sae activities like swimming , diving and snrokelnig .
Aobtu work , isnc y are a native speekr of English lagnuage a you have an iae about teaching Elgish as a secnod language , yuo can apply for teaching cetner taht fofer jo ro native - sepakers of English language .
Tehy wli pay you a reasnoable slaayr .
And it wi be ogod preparation for oyur study at college .
I hope to hear from you oson .
Best wishse ,
Christina ,
Egtp .
I admti that I do n't really enjoy soap poreas .
ohweevr , I vie in Brazil adn there is no w o wehn it cose to sopa poreas .
rbazilian peolpe ra konwn ro their creativity and enthusiasm of sopa epras .
Th success of ht soap opera depends on hte theme , the people hav to weather to relate to it or ahev interset on it .
As a ytpicla Braizlian I have a favorite osap opera , is aclle Florbilela .
ht story is abuot a poo gir claeld Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress , s has amazing friend adn they have a band together .
She starts to work for imsetr rfederioc , a ynug and wlathy man who has thee brothers to tak care .
He is arrogatn but Flor is teh onl one wh acn calm ih down in diffciult situations .
hse falls in lo with him , b unfortunately he is engaged nad his fiancée is an awful person who alyas t to humiliate Flo .
I 'm afraid to say tah this so opera does n't have a ahppy en and I di n't enjo the edn iether , but I still recmomned it becau it 's a beauitufl love sotry and t characters are reall amusing and the story is funyn and lovely .
Depsit tis end and ll otehsr odd that it m hav , I 'm still a big afn of Florieblla and I ca n't wai to watch it gaian on Netlfix .
You shuold watch it too , so we can discuss it togteher .
And by t w , the soundtracks rae awesome , oy 'll be addicted to thme .
Taking care of evnironment h become an essetnial need in o adil life .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities ar focusing on how to inclued geren plans in hteir future work plans .
Corporate Scoail Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of missions sattmeents around t owlrd .
Saying thta atkin care of th enivrnoment is not olny the concern of ciitzen but also t ntainoal adn internatinoal organizations .
As ro my icyt , ht mayor give environment his top priority a a budgeted plan under t process of implementation .
awareness sessions haev eben made to exlpian hte difference among re - es , rceycl adn reduce .
a diffrenet color rtsah basg ewer distribtued to ciitzens to be used at hem to separate the trash according to each maetrial .
In addition to that , a al has bee efnorce to pltn a tree in fornt of each builidng .
Asl , Film on soaring bidr were pleyd to epxlain the importance of bisd in cleaning t atmosphere .
It is worth to mnetio that scohols are conisdernig Evnironment sujbect is patr of the deucatio syte that should be taguht to stduents .
Fianlly , I 'm proud to say htat taking care of teh enivronmetn is par of my and my family daily life .
Tras distribution , sunig grene products that repect t ozone layer , to wasting water a many tohre actions .
I am writing to paply of the psoitino of aisstant professor of Englihs wti an emphasis in inneteenth - century emrican litreature that you advertised in the Ferbuary 2Xx MLA J Infomrtaion List .
I am a De 's efllwo and Ph.D. candidate at XZy Universtiy , ucrrnetly revising the fnia chpater of my disserttaion , nad epxetcing to graduate in May 20XX .
I am confident that my teaching experience na my rseaerch interests make me an idela candiadte for your open position .
evr the past five years , I have taught a variety Englihs cuoress .
I have tuaght a numbe of American literature survey courses , as ewl as writing corusse , icnluding tecnhicla writing and first - aer writign .
I have extensive expirence owrking with Se tsduents , as well as students iwt a variety of leraning disabilities , includni ydslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities lik A and ADDh .
I pried myeslf in creating a calsrsoom environment that accommodates the needs of my indvidiual students while still rpomotnig a high level of criitcal thought na writing siklsl .
osm of my most satisfiyng expereinces as a teacher ahev come from hlepign struggling tsudent to grasp difficult ocncept , trhoguh a combiantio of idnivdiual conferences , class activtiies , nad group discussion .
I onw I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to yoru belife in small classroom size a individualized support for tsudents .
Not nol odse my aeching experience suit teh nede of yru scool and depatrment , but my research intreesst also fit perfectly with oyu description of th idea candidate .
My dissertaion project , " Ferns nad Leaves : Nnieteenht - Centur Female Ahtorial Space , " examines teh ires and develompent of American female authors in ht 184s0 and 185s0 , wit a patricular ofcsu on patterns of mgaazine publicatio .
I rauge that , rtahre than bien submissive to the requirements of the editor or publishe , female authors in fatc develode a mroe transaprently reciprocal relationship between htemselves a thei raeedrs than pervioulsy has bne assumed .
I papyl recent print - culture an boko - history theory to my readings of novels , mgaazine tricles , lteters , and diary nerties by various female auhtor , wtih a particularly focus on Saar Willis ( known by ehr pesudoynm Fan Fern ) .
I plan to deveolp my dissertation into a book manuscript , and cnotinu to resear t rloe of female writers in antebellmu magazine cultrue , with a praticluar focsu on the rise and influence of female magzain editors on litearry culture .
My resaerch interests have boht hsapde and bee sahped by my rcenet teacnig experiences .
Last psring , I developed nad atugh a course on ht histroy of print cultur in America .
I comibned reaidng on theyr dn literature that addressed isuse of prnit wiht visits to local hsitoircal museums and archives .
My students conducted in - depth utdies on patricular texts ( magazines , newspeprs , novles ) ro hteri fianl papers .
I bleieve my interdisciplinary teachin style , particularly my emhpasis on material cultrue , owuld fit in well wit teh interdisciplinary taure of oyur Engsih edpatrment .
I am therefore confident htat my teachni epxerience , my skill in owrkign with SeL na LD students , and my research interests a make me an excellent candiadte fro hte assistant profesos of English opistion at Cb College .
I hvae attached my curriculum vtiea na t t reqeusted sample upblications .
I would be happy to send you ayn additional mtareials shc as letetrs of rfeerence , teacihgn evaluations , and pts and proposed course syllbai . I will be available to eme tih yo at either the M or C19 conference , or anwyheer esl at your covnneience .
htank you so umch ro oyru consideration ; I lo roward to hraing fro you .
No so olgn ga I watched fil called " 47 Ronin " .
Teh action takes plac in Japan , in times of smaurasi and witches .
T amin ehro is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by evreyon , sol into slavery , chosen by ftae to administer rveeneg , will become one of 47 awrriosr taht edfy death .
Appearing from anotehr world he will res up against teh dakrness to protetc his forbdden olve .
I ilked tih iflm beacus of amny things , but most of all I ilked th costumes .
Tye were evry different adn ve colorful , tu at the same mie corresponded wiht ht tim period of the iflm .
iwht this film , I wsa able to gte a clear idea about traditoins and customs of that time .
I also likde hte pl buitl on a base of a Japnaese leegnd .
dn I sut oclud n't forget to mention beautiful decorations adn realsitic special efefcts .
I htink other peolpe wlil lik it as umch as I did , beacuse it is a rey interesting an xeciting story about teu lvoe taht lives through time and space , nad about real friendship and loaylt .
A transportation vehilce htta has cahnged people 's ilve .
That tarnsportaiton exrets a fra - reaching influence on people 's daliy rouitnes and lfiestlye is treu .
N onl th , what prides itlef as the most influenital evhicel - as omst public recognized - is the autmoobile .
There ar ppole oh ahv never ridne a bicycle , and poelpe who ahv nveer bee on an airplaen but it wodl be hard to find a person woh has nveer be in a car .
It is generally bileved tah the invention of ac elads to the dispersion of the oppulatio uo of urban centers , to t growth of t subursb .
Prior to hte automoible , is ht horse dn awgon lif , it is not efasible fo pepoel to live ra rfom their pcae of work .
The growth of th usbubrs changed eh face of American society , bringing with it a wohel differtn way of life .
Moreover , it laesd to an improtant expansion in commerce , resultnig in ht growth of th ubiuqituos shoppign mall , departemnt stores , esrvnig as a powerful pu to oturism .
Wha greatly increased mobility leads to signifcian changes , aidtionally , leis in various lifestyles .
Being albe to live far from on 's wokrplace , epopel colu travel far nad iwde fro pleasure nad nidulge themeslvse in a remarkable irp .
It ma be for a ad , a week , or a peiro of time .
In the urban city , the ac is by ra the omts common omd of transportation and has greatly ipmacted the growth of the tourist inudstry .
We aer beginning to see pepole in conutrise with acrs going out of hte city on wekeends and holidays .
Thouhg beni good enguh , y the grotw of popluation and mobility do n etll eh whole story .
This powefrlu vehicle is countde vtia fo another reas : being an indispensable factor in many aspect .
It is hte kye htta support mayn indsutria fields , such as steel , machienry , plastic .
hte whole ubsiness success wuold to hav emt eprfectoin iwthotu the hle of transportation to distribute htier matreials and ocmmodities well .
Last but nto least , the booimgn proeprity often parallels ht numbers of job in the tiy .
Atlhuogh othre form of transportation may be moer cmofortabel , none ah changed teh w we do business adn live uor lives omre than the car .
Tahnk to eh psede , excitemetn , and convenience of ht acsr , our lives are neriched .
Travelling to ajpan thuogh ofdo !
The newest Japense restaurtn in town - hoaan restuarant is the place to be on a Frida night .
ti atmoshpeer is that of an old Buddhist temple situaetd on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
The staf 's clotehs er beautifully coloured adn believe it or on , all of hte ar Japanese and ac speak English fluentl .
eh moment y pas the gue wooden doro , the music sets yo abkc in Meiij rea and you feel ilek yuo are about to eet a evyr importan samurai .
Whta made it a success was eh men and the wi variety of Japanese food .
Wah I partiuclalry appreciated aw tah you can sit aroun the chefs and watch them prepra the food .
It 's reayl dleicoius !
Unfortunately , ht suic was a bi t loud f my taste .
After eight o'colkc , a professional nad of umsicinas sta playing trdaiitonal Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
They need to focus on that a bti more .
However , overall I thi htat this n restaruant ha the potential of becoming very poupalr in a short item ud to teh food adn eh gera atmosphere .
hte staff is aslo very rfiendl .
You erally shuold go and try this amzaing restaurant at the first opportunity .
I fluyl intend to go eh entx time I vae the chance and try th Hokkaido Natto .
JOb adn scoial lef bo lpa important roles to ptu eppole 's lievs together .
osme pelpe tend to think taht their jobs have more effect on thier haipness , whli othres seem to believ tah tehri social life has omer of an ifnluecne .
In my opinino , my social intercation balances my life more tha does my wokrnig experience .
As a result , I bleivee that my coial ilef has more of an effect on my happienss .
There rae several erasons to uspport my positino .
First of al , fmaily and friedns whom we love alawsy offre thei support to comfort us .
With th increasing competitio in hte wrokplac , pepole bear more and omr strses .
ht companionship of oru loev eppole is always eh best solution to release uo psesure .
of example , every ad it seesm tah an extremley tgiht deadline is always chasnig fater me , and maek me breathless .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted adn barely haev an neergy to talk iwt aynone atfre a long dya from the wkr .
However , I awlay acn recove my neeryg after havnig a ltitle nice chat iwht my faimly or friends .
Therefore , teh happiness brought for my social connectoins helps to laleviat hte sterss related to wo .
In addition , attending soical activities widens my lief 's expereinecs wholesomely .
Tak my yoga class for example .
Sin I joined hte yog studoi , I have maed a lot of we friends .
Besieds yoga , mso of them also have numerous other inteersts , like ihking , jogging , dn baking .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and iwlling to hsar their knowledge with me .
Both learning nwe knowledge adn mkanig en freinds make me feel delighted .
Therfore , an active oscila ilef nto noly benefits my mnetal health bu also kepe me in a good ood .
Lastly , osme people may tihnk taht co - workers naturally mel int our social life since we spend so much time in ht workpcae .
This mith suggest htat being surronuded by people at work with hwmo we eed to socialize would have omer of an fefetc on our emotinos .
However , most of the time poepel kee a good relationship wiht tehi co - wrokers in oredr to accomplish htei commno ats harmoniously .
On t other hand , pepol are willing to dsicus serious mtaters iwth their afmliy an friends because of ehir sharde bond of trust .
For exmapl , we talk about smoething trivial , shc as grpise , na gsosip , with our colleauges .
Conversely , we sahre our deepest owrires and problems with uor lcose afmil an friedn ebcause we are nto afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
At hte asm tim , we will also ap more attention to eh peopel whom we love .
Therofre , the more deeply our emtoion itneract , ht roe treemndously our happniess is influenced .
In conculison , because of intmiate spport , gorwht in life expreiences , dn emotional interaction , I rgee iwth t stateemnt that the social life hsa more of an effect on my happiness than dse my occupation .
In other words , even htoug I can get temporary happiness from accomplisihng a wokr atks or agiinng a copmliment fmo my co - workers , personally I think I otbain mor permanent enojyemnt and satisfactoin fro negaging and interacting with the epolpe tha I olev .
As a ersult , I beleive thta my socia life influneces my personal happiness more than does my job .
A balncing act
The dorobell arng .
Wne I opened the odo miagine my surprise ... Ther was a lraeg ob standing in rfotn of th odro , addressed to me , while I hda never received packages before !
eh noly post evre setn to me wa an annviersary card , sent by my rgnadmother before seh passed away .
itll a bit surpiresd , I garbbe teh box up , whci prode to be no picnic , as it eftl as if it hda been fill with rcoks .
Nonetheless , I managed to remove t bxo from the gronud nad staggered through eh doroway , in th direcito of the living room .
hwlie walking , I paid ll my attenito to caryrin hte obx .
If only I h looke a bit better where I placed my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't noitce eh sakteobard which lay in front of my fee .
When I tsepped on it , I los my balance nad the b fell on ht groudn .
I aerd the soun of breaking gsas .
Immediately , I opnede th box and foun a hsort letter , asying : " Dera Ja , here 's the inheritance from yuo grandmtoher : hre glass ae servec ... "
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable optno , ubt claimng that pbulci transport has no future is too much .
Many peopl u public arnsport on a ialy basis .
There are peopel hwo would n't be able to arvel if it was n't for public trnasoprt .
Children a elders ca n't hvae a driving licenes , so if they need to go somewhere , using pubci transport is thei only potion .
rtavelilng by car is also very detriemntal ofr teh environment .
In ib ciites , teh air is very polluted because thre rae too ma cars . Travelling by pubilc transport lowers t impact on hte envirnoment , something that most people aer warae of , but still thye prefer to ues their own heicle .
Uisn public transpor cna also save time , since y do n't have to spend time looking for a place to aprk your car .
I definitely ihnk aht public transport wlil continue to be very imoprtnat in eh futuer .
In gener , shopping is associated with something pleasant , bu unfortunately this is not alyas rtu .
There are smoe reasons why people lvae shop in a bad mood , or ene do n't awnt to egt in them .
Shoppign is not laway nejoyable .
ro some peopl , shopping is one of their oblgiatoins .
ofr others it is overall a pleasant experinece hte na not ejnoy as much as htey would like .
ifrslty , shopping may be uncomfotrbale , becasue mro foetn htna nto we cna haer theer tirni umsi , saleswoemn can be too intrusive and hte queue usually are very olng .
Sometimes womne go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to loo around and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
In adidtino , shopipng is al a porble for emn .
It is siad that eh man , hwo go shoppign omr ahn on ohu is ang and itrde .
Sometimes it is slo a trouble for women , who want to go shopping iwth h partner .
To s up , doing hsopping is inevitable , so we can make everydya shopping more enjoyable .
Fro exapmle , we can take at least en family emmber with us .
htsi is a great opportunity to spend osme quality time toegthe , exchange edas an opininos ; opt for eveinn ohpping , specifcially baout hal an huor befroe the stores cols if you want to aovid gi crodw ; if possible , choose olny one store fro yuor everyday shoppin .
Going from oen tsore to another can waste your time , cost you a l in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaus you ; when it ocmes to prdouct thta oyur regularly u , buying in bulk is hte bset option you have , snic htta wya you get a bigger quantity ofr a lower pirec ; or just choose online shopping - is a great aw to amk oyur purchases for the comfor of your onw ohme , without having to go tu on a rainy d , dae wti noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , psned money on ags nad wait in hug lines .
ifrst of all I would like to beign iwth giving osm information auot the city hwree t place that you iwll be visiitng belongs to .
The city of sitabnul is one of the famous an crowded cities of Turkye which constitutes the country 's econoimc , cultural , and historical hea .
The population of Istanbul is voe 20 million and Istabnlu is maong the lgrest cities in th wor by populatoin withi city limits .
Histoircal Pnenisula is the cneter of ancient Istanubl wehre the ofru major empires had been ruled frmo .
ehre a amyn historical plcaes in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , hcurches nad palaces .
The mots important nose are Hag Shpia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , hte Grand Bazaar , Basiliac icstern , ebyazti Tower and the Scie Bazaar .
In orde to giv brife information on htem I woul lki to touch on osem of them .
ahgia Spohia was built as a catherda in 53 , converted to a mosqu aetr teh ocnquest of Istanbul , on is beign uesd as a museum .
Topkapi Paalc aw built in 1470 's dn Ottoman Emipre sa urled frmo tihs palac for 83 eyars .
eh rgnad Bazaa is en of the largest covered markets in the wolrd na it ah more hta 4,000 shops .
It is well konnw for i jewellery , opttrey , spice , leather and crapet hspos .
Bsailcia Cistern aws bulit in teh ht century nad is the largest of seevarl nudred ancient cisterns that still ei beneath the cti of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meter , wi capacity of holding 80,00 cubcila meters of wetr .
Beyati Tower is 85 mete located in the courtyard of siatnbul University 's main acpmus in Beyazıt Square .
hte Spice Bazaar is hte escond lagrest cvoered bazaar after the Gradn abazar .
It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
Yo can find man ytpes of sipces , herbs , unt , Turkish delight , etc .
Actually I aws asekd to recommend nol one plcae , ub ihtsorical epninsual is alerayd an raea wehre tsoe hsitorical distincst got togteher .
I hoep the given information is useful ofr y .
Dear Sir or Madma ,
I am wriitgn in regard to osem ipmortnat documents I letf in oyru hoetl romo during my aty .
Last wke , I jioend hte C&A meetign as oen of hte maoj speakers .
The fololwing conversation wsa so engaging that I forgot hte itme an , as a result I got late fo my edparutre to Chciaog .
In my hurry , I forgot to collce a fe crtiicla docemnts .
I am nto completely cetrani , b I remember that th la tim I kept tme was nae hte ityn bleu atbel locate at ht letf corner of eh room .
I am coatcting yuo because tohse appesr are nesitive to my company .
Therefore , I ene ohse appers .
As you na imagine , tye er confidential and they hsuold be hanlde wiht caution .
I feel etxermely worried not to ahve picked them up . I uold be very grateful if you coudl have a look in the room .
If oy foun thme , could y send ehm to my fofic by opst ?
I am wlilin to p fro postal chrages .
I am looking froward to hearing rfo yuo soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Joh X.
Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
vaing aols in ilef will make onse ' life meanignful na purposeful .
As for my dreams ofr th upcoming year , I thikn I hvae tw drmas in life thta I will do my best and try hard to realize .
htye aer stduynig in an Englihs universtiy abroda and becoming a programmer .
First , I awnt to attend an English universtiy arbaod .
Being lbe to tsduy in an English university will give me t oppoutnity to gte a btete ojb and an excinig experience .
As we a knwo , noawdays , nelgish proficiency is on th list of th required sklils to be employed a t market hgihl demnads it .
Secondly , hte expereinces one gest from a mulitculturla meidu is very valuabel and mase en more mtaurde .
and I feel thta oln an overseas English nuiverstiy can fofe that .
Sceodn , I want to be emlpoyed as a porrgammer .
there ra many reasnos why I nat to be a pgorammer .
primariyl , because bnig a developer is my dream bo adn secondly beacuse dveelopres mek a lto of monye .
I wanted to be a programmer snic I was 14 yras old .
I was fascinated by this field of science .
In addition , enring a fri amount of monye is essential to bulidnig my lief .
For exmaple , if I want to marr in eh future , I have to be lbe to send my kisd to a decent cshool and provide them with what they want . not to mention ewdding party expense .
To mu it up , rgaduating from an English univreisty and then ebcmoing a programmer aer currnelty my mine mis .
ahving a goo ojb a a high salary will make my li richer and more awarding .
With t advent of inidvidually owned vihcles ilek the ra , an individual 's dpeendenc on publci transpotr has certainly erduced .
However , iwth that ebnig said , in my opinion , there is still a olt of futrue of publi transport .
I 'd lki to highlight the fatcors that would suoprt my opinion in a ceratin order th pertains to a iwdre acceptance .
First of all , fr a cots epsrpective , public rtanpsort is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a csot erduction concept like ' acr opolnig ' is not followed .
The financial beneift that pubilc transport vies to the common man is second to nnoe , especially in comomn sitaution like logn disatnce commutes fo daily wkr .
In adidtion , rfo a ' time asvnigs ' angle , increased usage of public rtansprot results in reducing traffic na helping peop reach their destinations uqicker by aoviding being delayed in traffic ajsm and lights .
From an environnetal satndpoint , su of pbulic trasnport enusres tah carobn emissions from automoibles er prevented ehpling in preserving teh abalnce of anture even in ib cities like Toyko and Delhi hwere th carbon emissions are evyr ihgh .
Modren TV is wroth every pound
Cookery programmes , flim , documentaires , talkshows … It 's claer that there are lots of differetn progarmmes on TV nowaday .
amyb y think of etlevision as a waste of money .
In that case , I can ugarantee you that today 's telly is definitely owrth th meny .
It 's rtue that there rae olts of rpeeats on TV an tehre may be amn progrmames uo rgeard as po quality .
However , tree 's lawasy a chanenl that snesd o a enw peisode .
Besdie aht , it 's rey likely th y cna find som programmes you lkie between lal hte rtsah because of the wide variety .
In addition , the price of watihng television for a wohl month is much lower than the pcie of tickets fo the cienm to awtch a film for nol two hours .
roeover , hwe oy sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritetd by strangers , which may happen in hte cinema .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's tsat nowadays , inclidng good quality programmes , for a reasonable pirce .
It shlud be psosilbe ofr everyoen to eojy awcthing television !
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in resopnse to your advertisement in today 's eidtion of " eh China News " to pply for th position of ulb Organizer .
Durnig t pats fiv years I have bene oragnziing seevral eevnt not jsut in England btu also in eh Utied States dn Portugal .
I ha a rgaet dela of experience owrknig mainly with poepl betwene the ages of 18 dn 30 years lod .
Howveer I have also rpveiously worked tih oldre people .
As ewl as bieng har worikng and methodical , I am organized .
Furthermore , I have an excellent relationshi iwht the epople I owrk wit , atlhough I vrey often strike people as bossy a unfriendly .
As a matter of fact when you get to know me betet , I am very ehlpfu .
Pleas net th I am available to attend an interview .
I veyr cuh hope you will atke my application itno consiedratoin a I olko forwdr to hearing frmo oyu .
Your Sinceryl ,
Crisitano Nazario Tejaad Curiel
Today i want to atlk wiht oyu baout ht process of maikn abn notes .
We use cash eevryda and it is of grea miportance to our daily lef .
Also , we ened to nkow how it is amed .
Firstly , something about designing must be taken tno consideration .
on only the backorund colour ub also the artwork we nde to choose .
paatr from aht , we aslo need to desing security issues .
Seocndl , we have to do some preapraiton of meat plaets .
After that , we now nee to pirnt it otu .
A sheet icnludse 50 bank ontes .
Every bank nto should be coluored both sise and we even need to use sepcial ink in cas of been copie .
Finally , aftre ebing prinetd , every abnk ntoe nesd to be manually insepcted .
Some good qualti sheets wll be packaged and ditsribuetd to the markte but the bad sheet would be disposaled .
Maybe there owul be some paritlaly damaged hseets so the abnk notes iwll be separated nito good an ab .
Teh ami faeture of thsee bna notes aer good qualyt and effotr made by bakn workers .
So do n't look dnw on ht bank onte in your hand no , they er precoius .
Peter looked at his watch and kwe htat he had to do something immediately .
eh dya before , he and ihs ow best friesd , Losi an Lucas , wre playing footbal ne ht police sattoin , when uois and Lusa started agriung with eachoder .
It went out of ocntro na the tsarted ifghting .
Peter rtyed to stop them ub it aw ipmossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
He di n't ofund anyone so he grabbed oluis dn rtie to cla the down .
Lucas wnaetd to apologise adn foregt wha happened ub olusi was really hungry , so ulcasdecided to go hom .
Pet let go of Louis because he thought that it wa safe , b uois cuahgt hte ball and teid to hit Lucas .
The ball ewn straight the poliec statio winodw and broke the lgass .
Ptere got so scared that ran away .
Louis ogt cuahgt and otld the cops that Lucas was the one that da broke it .
The police wne to scool to talk with Lucas nad rt to ifn a afer punishemnt .
Ptere knwe that Luacs aws n't uglity but he and oluis wree best rfiend isnce hte eelmentayr school , he had to do ihs decision and he only had tw miunets until they tko Lucas to the polci statino .
teer got up an told the cosp what really happened , Louis rtide to exucse hismlef but it was ot late .
Loius had to pay ht window and also lcena ht shcool 's canteen ro two mohts , but he realzied hta what he did aw wron so he apologside to Lucas .
They decide to forgte what happened and aty firedns .
The end .
hse wetn into the " reading romo " hwere there were htosuands of oboks and she hdi betwee two hgue boockases .
It seemed that teh m in eh wheelchair was looking fro something b usddenyl , he took a couple of boosk adn put in a hdiden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickl , Agnie r to the otre dettcive to tell him waht hs had seen .
Unfoutnately , eh theif aw mo intelligent htna them ebcasue while they were speaking , he could run away wtih the books that he ah just stolen .
Agni dn the store detective ar fate " the false disabeld " ubt he was youegr an obviosuly , he na afster .
When it semede pmossible to catch him , a gri , who wa crossing the sterte in a wheelchair , crashed niot ht thief and he fell donw on th paviment .
Because of hti , th tsoer detective could catch ht thief adn recovered ll books .
To express her gratitude , nagie called the girl as " hnoorary cusotemr " of her bookshop and gva her a crime novel collection lki a present .
Wehn th American series ' House ' aws fristly broadsated on TV , it immeditaely hokoed eh audience .
Th usuual scenario na the gera acro Hugh Laurie made the result really innovative ofr a TV seires .
It is base on Dr. Gregory ohsue , a reptuable diganostician who uses tsrnage a sometmies inapprporiaet approaches in roedr to fin out what is wron iwth his pateints .
He only agrese to take evr cases noobd else uold sovle and most of the tem he succeeds .
Du to an unscucessful surger he ah on his lge , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes severa attempts to deto from motivated by his noly friend Dr. Wilosn , but he neevr really nats to so he gets addcitde again .
He is sarcastic nad tfen maen , whcih drievs people away from him .
Nevertheless , he is iwlling to do literary anything to save a patient 's live , although sometimes he goes too fa .
eh series had a great apepal on many countirse , hwich is demonstrated by teh eight seasons tha weer produced .
ih revolutioanry behavio nad t fa that he el onbdoy retsarin him aer the raeosns fro th series uhg sucecs .
Also , th medcia cases are intriguing a although somenoe with no medical knowledge amy not udnertsand umch , the struglg to vae a pesrno 's lif cpatures veeroyne 's interets .
Teh innovative apsetc of ' ohsue ' is that he often takes ilelagl aciton , f example breakin nit a patient 's house to inevstgiate neivronmental factors , whcih may hav caused hte particular idsease dn haryl ever is he punished of it .
I believe it wll deserved suc popularity , as apart form ist scenario , it w on the hwol uqalitative .
My olny bojetcion is tha it soemtimes went too far whhc mad t audience idsilke Dr. House .
Neevrtheles , it disitnct from other emdicla sreies as he ocnstantl htinks otu of t box .
The first tmie I knew abotu volleyball , I w in my last Secondary School year and we we nivtied to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournmanet in Lima , reu .
I aw amazed with th tamospheer at the oclisuem , iwth its shiny wooden court , the niosy people around it , that shapr sound of eh referees 's whistles ... Then I decided to ta up eh gmae .
I never imagined ohw hard ht rtainin was , how tiring na demanding t exercises ree and hwo difficult to control eh bal was .
Once I got fitter enough , I started enjoying hte game , learning its strateeis , developing personal and grou skil adn having ufn at the same ti .
I would strongly recommend ht ytuh to take up hti sport .
ehy lil sno be engaged in a hlathy , defiant and nevre boirgn actiivyt and slo will develop strong bonsd wi each otre , responsibility and cmopromise .
Volleyball is th best sport ever !
Inrtoductoin
ht ia of this proposal is to persent suggestions rgearding th wsy in wihch the etxr funding oclud be used if teh benift of eh studenst nad , indirectl , in the benefit of the local communit .
Needless to say , in odre to cmobat the rising tide of hte scoial proble in Hampshir , eh Education Ahtority decided to increaesd fnuds for the educational sect .
Sprot Cl
Soprtiv activities might obot hte tsudent 's overall conidtion an tihs is the resaon why th er encessary .
It is ewll kwon that hpysical atcviity conrtibutes to improvin physical na mental health .
Drama Club
This kind of lcub will allwo stdunets to express hteri feelings in a non - ivloent manne , lenr wo to mangae their reactions and develop creatvie talent .
A drmaa ulb will mak examinnig plays suc as Shakesperaes ' mer enojyalbe th solely studiyng them will .
Cookery lcasess
ocoker classes are vrey important ebcasue students heer are young adul that need to have basic skills su as cooknig or order to manage themselves and lvi an independent lief .
Cooking classes iwll helps tsudetns spne les money on eatni out and the wlil atrt eatin healtheir ebcuase by making tier nw food they iwl be mer aware of wh ehy aer eating .
DYI Classes
" Do it yourself " classes improve prcatical skills .
As most college students wlil sono leave f universit and will live in dorms , withou thier paernst , they are oblidgde to solve malfunctions by themselves .
The information hte acqiure duirn tsee courses iwll help them ro ht rets of their lives .
Citizenship classes
natoher kidn of classe that rae neecssary ra citizenship clasess as teenagers nowadays a deficient in tsi fie .
Tehes courses wlil develop the ciivc senes of studnets and hte wli sta inovlving actively in society .
ocnclusion
The ovreal purpose of these actio is to ekep yuong udlts in school adn to educate the .
The deucaiton Auhtority belivee that coial problesm er linked with a derceas in participation in extar- curricular cativiteis and it suggsets tha the college hsould use xetr funding to solve htis isseu .
roagnising clubs a coruse suc as the ones menitonde above would ensur t improvement of th situation .
TV otady : chance or hazra ?
Toady 's tleeivsion is the praadig of our osciety , because of dozens of we hcanenls constantly popping up and on a very few cnotrosl are don on the quality of what it 's actully broadcast .
So TV , wcih could be an invlaualbe suorce of information a entetrianment , actually is becomi a ibg issue to teh development of our osciety nad we generations in particular .
The potetnial risks for our new generations
Having an eays accss to such a irhc offer before havni deveolpe teh abliity to operate correct choicse or filet the information recieved , o kids nad juniors are constantly under attack of dnageruos behaviour models , being attracted by t one woh seem the sot winning and oco ones , wtiohut any chance to distinguish if hte can be taekn as a guide to their growth or n .
Teh absence of the paretns or ht ftc they usaully ahve no conrtol no way to driev thie hcocies makes me evry wroried about the ftuur of uo society .
Back to ht full potential
It 's not too late , though , to try to vae our beloved TV bakc to t importance which rdaio h ofr uo aprents adn grandparents , we only need to see it as a poettnial new scoial probme na satrt a process of control and continusu imrpovement , maybe ginig eh mso virtuous netwosk the chcne to be ihghlighted .
I believe hta if pbuli tarsnport has no futrue , hten our envirmnent will not have it iether .
The c is soemtimes erpersented as an icon of feredom ; moroever , owning a mdoer acr is sometmies related to welaht .
Compared to the use of public transport , on can no edny t ocnvenienec of uisng a car f movnig aroun .
However , t use of public transport , esepcially in ihg density ctiie , allows people to save time wihl commuting to their study or workplace , as train and trams do not get stuck in traffic jmas .
It not only hepls reducing pollutino , but aslo aolws user to save mnoe , in a world where hte cost of gasolin is exponentially increasing .
I belieev that peolpe shoudl ilmti teh use of tehi acsr oyl to pseical occasions , such as orad trips or long - weekend leisure activiti .
Onyl by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere fer of C emisisons , dn all hte grim cnosequences htey have .
Dear ca director ,
Hell , my na is Zabirna .
I reda aobu oyru smumer map in the internet an I would love to wo with yo .
I m 16 years old , lal , extroverted , evyr enregeti a cheerful and rfeindly .
I lvo kids , and i m very outoging .
I thin I c be vre helpfu to yuo capm , helping you taking acer of the kdis an also hleping you in t kictehn beacus I erally olve to cook .
ebsides , I really nede t noey ofr my family .
But I am doing thsi becuase I rlaly enyo creaitng activities wtih kids and ahvign a great time with them .
Wh I sa yonugre i wen to a cmap , and it was no of eh best memires I have so it wolud be aelly gera to kon I wlud make smo kids make the sam way .
I relal ohep oy accept me in yoru acmp , and I wa with ecxitment oyur resopnse .
Thank you .
Today , I 'd kie to share with you a slal bu historic styr , alos together with my onw eiw on it .
I ho yo would like it .
In ht historical river , htere aws a dynas called Jin , during which htsi story otko palce .
A little b called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lcuky as ihs anm suggested .
In his early age , he ols his omther to illness .
As a resutl , in drer to be suer htat he could te teh asem love from mother lkie other children , h father married anotehr woam .
On eh contrary , the fatc sa niocnsistent with hwat he expected .
Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a nsak - hearted woamn that eh di as nay rcule things as hs could to totrure htis poor boy .
One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wna 's stepmother got sic suddenly .
Not concerning eh harsh environmnet bu eh onw apeptite , hs comamnded ulck Wang kae a edliciuos meal with ferhs fish .
In deepration , he stepde to ht river bank .
Seeing t frozen wate surface , he could do nhting bu cr .
As time lfe , the usn sank little by littl , wihch made Lucky Wang feel more an more helpless .
So deprsesed aws Lucky Wagn htta he miply lay on the ice wht weeping .
It aws exalty whe he sa hesitating wehhter went home to fa ht betaings orm hsi stepomther or on hta wt crasp lpaed up out of the ice and flopped onto t bakn in rfotn of him .
Surprised and delighted , t bo took the fi hom and prepare delicious fish soup of his setpmtoher .
Moved by htis little ob 's fili deoviton , his stepmother change eh attitude and started to voe him from her deep heart .
vee nice hten , what iflled this afmily is just happniess and voe .
Aftre ilstennig to hte smlal story , some people wre deeply mvoed by the happy ending , however , others tuoght it was unerailstic .
No maetr wh t afct was , or ev it neve happened , hte story just wanted to mephasiz t imporatnc of Filial Pie .
Ene if it was a fiction , ht gla to amke a the oeple in t osceity be filial could asl be achieved , which owuld eke the scoiety hamroniosu as wlel as ordreyl for a long time .
laso , it wsa the goevrnors ' terminal purpose .
noyl through this cultural education combined wtih other way , oculd they keep thei government geenration by generation as they expected .
How to enuser an adequately financed retirement ?
I am an assertiv an proactive igrl who is plugging away towards a erat unmber of goals .
Hoewve , osmetmies , wh I am thinking about my future , it is hard to iamgine wah is wtiing ro me .
I wtn to live to a rip old ga , b at teh mae time I am faarid of it .
Our society is becoming an incerasingly eledrly en .
It is in fashion to have a small fami , but have yo eevr thought about problems it may cause ?
The rgeatset one is teh ruden of ifnancing care .
At this day and age it is falilng on the taxpyaesr .
It eos ont boost their confidnece in futur eprspectives .
We often hear than no obstcale is veer insurmountable , howeve , is it ture ?
Sooner or late we iwl fec the umsci .
Only in that memnt we will understand that we are noe of hte mlilions epnsionesr wh ened a ol of dfiefrent services to liev as fulfilled and idnependent lfie as we deserve .
We can not ro epter to pay ual .
The taxapyesr try not to go against t estbalsihment .
They hel our agiegn populaiton , b we hsolud kae osem enw reforms to subsidise th shortfall in our bugdte .
Ohterwise , this situation will ahve a detriemnatl effect on the taxpayers .
First of all , it will be a ood die to encourage young poeple to satr saving money as oson as possible .
In scu a awy they c remain aelrt and no matter waht wi happne .
Yesterdays ' eptirfied em will become confident .
Secondly , the state can take 5 pecretn form every salar .
The pensioners will recei their money when they retire .
It wil be long - lasting benefit ofr both parts .
Our stat wil hva a large smu of mon which is an invaluable source .
On t oehr hand teh pensioners will be sure in the futrue .
The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
T law of t jungle is nto appropritae her .
veeryone shuold thnik not ujs aobtu hi beneif , but abou others .
We can on mka a klling immediately .
However , set by etp we iwll work oru way up .
Firstly , I hav to asy taht I disgaree about eh staement " The is no fuuter for bulic arnsport " . I think public transport sa lots of advnatages , more thna travelling by car .
You do n't hva to seacrh of parking na yo do n't hev to p for parking .
You only have to be aawre of hwne leaves your public rtnasport and be there a ocuple of imntues beofre .
Yuo ca erlxa when oyu are travelling , listening musci or readin a obo .
Finally , travlelin by public transport is generayl cheaper than travlelnig by cra .
Maybe you spend more ohurs than travelilng by ra ubt I think it worth it , becuase you c save omney .
I uusally trav by pubci rtanspor adn it is the half of th cost tahn if I do it by ac .
So , I thnik the statement wuol be like this " There is no futre fro trevlling by acr , because public tranpsort is so much more convenient dn cheaper " .
I 'm not a uhg fan of sports in gneeral , but I do atk lpeasure in negaigng in smalelr scale basektball macthes , most of which woul proabbly fall nit the so - calle ' seret ' acetgory , or streetball to be omer psecific .
It taek a hgiehr leve of creativity and spotnaneity to suceced in it ahn your usual basketball match , since its flexible urles , no - ocach syste , intensified relationship bewteen teh player a the crowd , and reduced unmbe of participants widen and cmoplexfiy ist fled of possbile tcions .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic vlau " if you will ) also plays an imoprtant role , gaani , intensifying the relationship between team dn the cordw while grnatnig th pleasure of contmeplating and execitng flowing movement sequences , fniishing a play , or just stlyishly mocking your opponent .
Not to mention the socially bonidgn abiliyt of it , whil on gmae tension between the opposing etmas is somewhat inevitable , the irreveren , human , no strings attached nature of streebtal enets alawys compenstae its neagtiv aspects ( whhc , upon closer insepctio , reveal to be shared between evre single spotrs event ) .
It is a fun , cluturall - enriching experienc which I recommend ynone interetse in going beyond t competitive aspcet of sports to engage .
The health of teenagers : a latent probme
onwadays , it semes thta teengaer aer elss heahty tahn yuogn people who livde 20 years aog .
Researchers have claimed that nwe generaitons rae likely to suffer from omer diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firstly , teenagers toda ea lots of jnuk fo , which is definitely harmufl , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 103 ) .
Mrooever , they otfen smoke an rdikn aclohol , whci produces serious physacl nad menta diseases ( CaasCloumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , eteangers vae cahnegd thie ilfe styse an onw they are generally sdenetary , since thye use thei competrs or watch TV a day lnog instead of diong sports .
Neevrthleess , governments clmi aht htye nowaadys ra more aware of the importance of healt than in the past .
For instance , in Chlie t programme legie Viivr Sa tries to miproev t eating habist of young pepole in educational nisttiutions , where fun activities are pormoted to stduents by integrating heatlhy lviing ( Elieg Vviir nao , 0212 ) .
Lalty , everyone msu understan htta good health is above wealth .
Partns nad cihldren should be inofmred about the use of rdusg and junk food consumption , in orre to raise awarense and improve their quality of life .
Travleling by car is gerat .
We can personalsie ru needs and wsihes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends a family members , aeting and drinking and stpoipng for fdo or toilet neesd ayntiem , anywhere .
On the one hand , public trnapsort is more conveneint ro large cities as it provides srevice to a larger number of peolpe dn we avoid tarfifc ajms and the need to find parking pstos , besides ht fca tah we wo n't eg woired about leaving our ca parked on ht steret nad , when we come bac , teh car oclud ha bee robde or sotlen .
On the other hand , acr tne to opllute mo than eletcirc trnis an shc rpoblem outh to be taken into consideration hwe someone sa to decide between using upblic transport or a car .
T world is egttign smalre for people wit so many cars around ; it 's abo time everyone thuoght about t community and not aobtu thesmelves .
The government oguht to pl campaigns to make people aawre of tta an try to ifnd way to reduc trnapsort fares .
With both sides benefiting , the future of pubci transport iwll be safe .
Public transport has eben imrpoved to usch an extent that nowadays it is rpobably competing with private tranpsort .
Although we can choos omr destinatiosn adn it is mroe cmoofrtable , price are on competitive enough to deifnitely substitute t ra .
Among all the emasn of transport , eh train ahs bcemoe the most importan public transport for short and middle idtsances .
iwtohut a dobu , long distance journey are best raried uot by lpnae .
Weh considering the bu , usres fee tha it does not offer yn vdantages compraed to the acr nad it is taken when no othe option is possible .
As I see it , driver really appreciate th fereodm of choosin their edstinatino , the time to leav or to arri , even the eppole to go wit .
If not , thye would not amk the investemnt of a ca , pya its maintenance cost and fuel .
Inede , teh public trapsort cos for the sam joureny done by car hradyl recovers eh amount inevsetd .
Mo and more , the iol shortage makes prise for fuel increase so do ro transport ; ecnoomci poilyc of improting countries ned to establish savign maesurse in ord to be strategically less deepnednt .
Moreoev , consideirng pollution , private tarnpsort seesm to be mcuh more difficlu to manage becuase it is an indviidual decsiion .
In the nae future , htsi fac will be seriously tekn tno acocunt by governmnets .
To sum up , future generations iwll have to fcae the challgne of a sustainable owrdl a surely public transport will play an important role .
Chic & Creatiev Dessert Lounge
ATMu Desserna is an awesome dessetr louneg on 16/F in the n L Squar buildni in Causeway Bay !
I found out obut htsi we hso fro friends and pictures online so I deicde to ocme check it out for mysel .
As I hda arrived ujts as ehy one at 1 pm , I hda the hwole place to myself .
hte majority of the space wa taken up by a U sahp marble counter hwer customers c sit and obesvre their edsserts begn mdae .
Several lougne sofsa were available on the si for bi gruops to sit together , but teh vei was what caug my eye as the floor - to - ceiling widnosw lte in a vast amount of natural light .
The patio is probab a ib narrow to place tables ostide bu poeple can go out and ejnoy the view when hte weathre is cooler .
The decor was rey smipl adn cihc with abstract paiitngs hanigng on eh awll hwcih would aluled to the style of desserts bein seevd eher .
I started cahtting with t chef who told me thta he wnated to statr a dessert lounge ro pepol to rexa dn enjoy desserst .
He felt that a lto of places out thre tend to ma ht experience too ursh where uo have to nie up for an hour na finsih eating in like 20 minutes bfeore they kci yo out .
Theer a currnetly 9 desserts offere on eh menu wi pricse ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 wihle there is slo the famuos Improvisatio dsesert f 2 at $ 328 . I ocul n't deicd wha to get at first ebcaus the a sound so interesting so I aksed eh cehf for recommendations .
He recommended the Bamobo Charcaol as the htmee is chocolat whcih wa perfect f me !
Each dessert comse with soem appetizers to lceanse our palate .
The tset tube contained watermelon juic with ae aslt wihch aws vre refreshing to drink in ht summe aet .
Th salt brguht ou t sweetness of the watermelo while working as a balancing agent so t juice would not be too sweet .
I was told that the drink / soup cahngse frequently dependin on whta woul be suitable at hte momnet .
abmboo Charcoal ( $ 183 ) - I gto to watch the chef as he perpared my dessert at the counter na I was getting omer a more ecxite to tats his artful presnetatino as it came to life !
It literlaly oloekd lkie a piece of abstract ar pianting .
This wsa a chocolate theme dessert with bamboo charcoal iec ceram , chocloate ice marshmalolw , chooclate caviar adn rasbprery sorbte .
I did n't know what charcoal iec cream owul atste like but it aws actually chocloate imxed wit a bit of charcoal .
Th chocolate flavor was rihc b to oo sweet hwiel the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tatr nad tagny .
My sruprise favorite was the mcirowave sponge cake that t chef added at the last minute .
He otld me that this is a new method of making sopnge cake in ht microwave that results in very fluffy texture which would be hadr to achieve in a traditional oev due to tmeeprature constraint and itming .
It w very ligth an flufyf while still flul of flaro !
The dessert alos cmae with a choice of coffee or eta so I opted for ht Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as wlel .
My tea was brought out with teapot na a small hourglass itemr where I am puposed to wait 3 minutse befor I hsould pour eh tea .
ht mslel wsa owndrous from teh lavender hwlie the flavo was alomst mint - like and refreshing to drink .
htey laos offere me osem hnoey to add into my tea when I thought it was n't falvorufl enough at firs .
Vercit - I was very imperssed with eh dessrets at AT Desesrant as they were delightlu for boht the eyes adn the motuh !
It would be perfect if they served alcoohl as wlel and they otld me taht tehy are in tlak wht hte biuldign management to do so .
T pri was n't cheap for dessert btu if you tak into teh entire experience and ocmparde to what yo pya for drinks at a ba or luoneg , it 's prtety comparable actually .
They also tlod me that they paln on nitrodcuing a en et set emn during eh day so stay ten !
I ca n't wait to go abc and try all of htei dessetr flavors !
As t days go by , more dsicoveries are bein unearthed in a arpid pace .
The amjro thing I miagien lil be ofudn in eh next 50 years is magic .
Some advantages a given in the ofllowin psasgae .
For exampel , we will be able to travel thorugh ti .
miagine loonig at Shakespeare in his negilsh class , Eintsei in his fisrt csinece clsas and Picasso pcikign up ihs apintrbush for the vyr firs tim .
We will not only witness a of the gretaest moments in time but also ocrrec the mistakes we make .
Nonetheless , there ar some dsiadvantages . If a psron psosseses the magic poewr hta is t powerufl ro othesr to defend themselves orm , he or she can basically rule eh world .
Additionally , etrrilbe wasr iwll break tu if one side of the maigc posssesors get gredey and try to ta aawy other people 's powesr .
In the end , the discvoery of new htigns can veer come to an e .
Th , we shoul prepare ourselves for whatever is coimn in ht future .
edra mum ,
It h been a lgn while nice I last te . uo adn dad .
Hope things ar wnidign down fo oy wel !
Please do not worry to much baou me , I am having a joyo time hree in Japan .
Undeniably , t food cultur disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancesotsr wer originated from the same ethic .
But still , our customs ah evovled a lot .
ud to the geographiacll condtiions where Jpaa is located saide Pacifi Ocean , people here are adapetd to eat ra ifhs and would ilk to put it as a main dish to reve customers in oms restuarnats .
Unfortunately , I do n't lki eating raw fodos , espceially fro under - coode ifhs .
It makes me raoues a efeilng of anusea .
So , I cna onl haev uc ondole for thoes nights when I leave cshool at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from the eating cutlure , everything is going well as people heer are generous and hospitable .
My host family tak me to idfferen ho spots na tecah me oh to pseak Japanese , in order to facilitate hte
prgoress of integrating to thier cluture .
Lsa ewke , we wnet to The Monutain Fuji .
T mountain aw half - melted wht galicer on top .
Taht sa magnificent dn mind - blowin .
I have never esne usch scenery lkie htat in my countr since the climate in South China is humid na hot .
Hwo is lif gogn on with oyu nad dad ?
I am looking foawrd to hearing from y !
Love ,
Katherin
Everoyne ahs thei own favourite sport .
hte same goes to me .
I love fotoball th most , as most em woudl .
The rae many things taht exlpian why I prefer football to oth oprts .
I enjoy playing football wti my rfiends as it ac strengthen our firendship and bolster our olev .
When we pal ofobtall , we aer definitely will cooperate with hte toher taemmtaes in drer to be the winner .
The oen who is in t abc position wli try tehi hard to blcok the opponent teamamtes form scoring while those who play in t attacking opsition will amke up their strateg in order to score .
Tih clearyl shows thta football needs a strong coopreation from a of the tema 's players .
My advice to those wh are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football neesd an unstoppable practice to maetr the ga and be the ikgn of field .
My secnod advic of the is to always have a coopeartiev mae with the teammates .
All of them .
hte wosrt palyer is tohse w do not pu theri trust in hte othre teammatse adn the bts one is htem hwo p their fll trust in theri teammaets .
Scbua diving obviuosly is no of eh most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
Who does not want to efel lkie an astronaut on oru own alnet explorign t maigacl underwate wrol jus on a recreational tri ?
I sruely embrace the fac that hte idvin communtiy ahs reecntyl be exploding with many we enthusisat members , not onl bringing a uniuqe experience iot your life , but aos enhancing awareness about environmental conesrvation issu towards a broad public .
The downside of th is that ohrdse of eager newyl trained divers populaet the unedrwater world , oftne with little ule of th life - thretaening risk thta the ra facnig .
I am wrtiing tih letter as a wake up call to thsoe who think that htei recently eanrde certification gvies teh ht ksilsl to go out divgn hwerever they want .
oh thoughtelss is that ?
rfom my piont of view it shuodl rather be seen as a lcinese to learn .
Consequently I s a pretty masisve responsibility for the isntructors dn dive masters in tellin the newcomers baout the risks of theri soprt .
To my great astonishment I iwtnessed a completely differnet pattern of behaviour time and again .
I sa idv - dudy 's and even porefssional dvie masetrs pusihn and stimulating fresh dievr to extend hteri limist in order to dvi to that spectacular wre or enter tha mysterious cave when teh ismpyl do to have the appropriate tarinign ofr it .
Unbeleivable !
Please , el everyobd take thei own responsibiltiy !
You can iamigne taht it is relal traumatic f divesr whne they enocunter a corpse in teh wtae , nto to mentio ht gaet distress such a disaster gise to the family that sa left behind .
Th btotom line is : gte as much out of yuo diving experiences as yuo can , btu stay safely within yuor own boundarise set by oyu personla educatino and pratcice .
I love to teach because I loev to elran dn lvo to share my knowledge with ohter .
I asl love to see teh spark flashing in stuednts ' eyes wehn thye understand a cocnept , tr to express htmeselves with Chinese an finally sue it ocrrectly .
ofr me , leraning a lagnuage is n nol translating the forms to express enself , but a ya to udnerstadn how t native speakers describe dn itnerpert this world .
A succsesful communication between diffeern cultures will happen onl when we expres oueselevs precisely adn itnerpre th information accuraetly .
Chienes , as a language ocurse , is concerned with necoding and decoding .
Studetns should msater languaeg skills , with which ht studnest cna achieve tier caademi ogals .
Meanwhile , studen shuodl ahv deeper unedrstanidng of Chine cultrue and viewpoint .
Acquiring a lagnauge and uclutre is a long - trem process , which niculdes learning , practicng , mikng msitaeks and ocrrecting .
As a language teahcer , I poe my studtns lil have a deeper and rboade udnerstanding of this langauge , their niteerst in th language will be tsimulated by eh corues and laer the langauge constantly .
Marilyn omrnoe once siad ,
" Fame iwll go by adn , so olgn , I 've had yo , fame .
If it goes by , I 've alwa konw it wsa fikcel .
So at lesat it 's something I expreeince , but th 's not whree I live . "
L 's kae into consideration the last sentence , " It 's somethni I experience , but taht 's ont whree I live . "
It is obvious taht everyone , no mattre if they are afmosu or not , edserves to hvae a pirvtae life .
I am pertt user that most people evne iws for tha .
So of teh have to amture for that a some of htem feel it from ht begininng .
Fame is a side effcet of jbo in t media na so is spine disease for pepole who work in an offiec or threat to lif or health for firefighters .
It wuold be complteely ponitelss if we were judging poelpe on the basis of job they hev .
Everyone is eqaul so everyoen deesrvse eh smae .
Pepol who decid to work in shwo - bisness or deia hev to be aware of havnig lses privca .
They olse hteri anonymity , becem recognizable ,
what is inseparable part of htis nid of occupations .
Bceause of tier fame , they also give emplomynet to other people lik paapraziz , journalists .
We live in times wehr people a vrey curious aobut other people 's lives so above - mnetioned occuptaion er necessary ,
btu let 's think ... is it reall so interesting to knwo , for example , hwta Madonna 's second hsubnad eat for breakfast ?
owudl we , n - famou , peopl wtn tta knid of interets ?
Let 's st into famous people hsoes .
I htin we lal vae ru own magnificent liv an we sholu fosu on tehm .
This is whta counts t mso .
So lte ploiticains , fil stars , snigres and others be .
Miceal hda bene running on ufmes all eek .
Besdies being in charge iwht granizing his youngre sister 's surprise birthday party he had also been upt in chrage with the etnire Information Technloogy depratment of the compnay he worked for .
His ofrmer boss retired and nomintade h fro the position , caliming he w mroe than uqalified and had ht adequate sikll set in oredr to keep ht department on track as ewl as maikn any necessary hcangse .
ht turht aw he ha bee expecting a promotion in a enabry futrue just not in this precies week .
Mihcael did n't mean to suond unrgtaeful , because he was deligthde , bu the timin was n't ayntihng tu the worst .
Mcihael h to move from ihs msall cubicle to si own foifce , he ah to adapt na he hda to do it fast .
The noyl pbolem wsa that it seeme nothing aw going to wor on his favour , ht srever had rcashe and he was the one who had to fix it .
As soon as oen problem in teh cmopany wodl be solved another one jts as infuriating woudl come up at the raty planning .
He was exhausetd so he decided to go home , let hsi mother deal with eh part nad any rpoblesm would be taken rae of by his co - workers .
It was risky ; he knew it tu had no energy lef in mi .
Michael clesd ht door na kne at hta momen he had made a mistake .
Th scope of tihs report is to igve readers an overview in hte historical development of water treatment , t changing perecpiton of stnadardizatino of water treatment , dn the continuous improvmeent of the etchnologie that are inovlvde ude to the growgn lists of wtaer uqalit parameters to be monitored .
Tsi reopr is an introductory documen meant for tsudnets interested in the field of wtae treatment .
Supply of poatbel water is perhaps th mo important prat of a municipal services .
lcean dn adequate wtaer spuply ssytme is ivtla aseptc in public health na social prosperity .
It is essential for lal forms of lif by ihch wate participates in nuemruos biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , ermovla of metabolic awset , and body temperature ergluation .
People depend on water fo cooking , drniikng , and oteh domsetci purposes .
Wate rtaetment msu meet requirements of upblic an indutsrail stadnards .
In all case , teh tretamnet process must uflflil both quality and efficient use of resources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WATER TErATMETn
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN Eh PAST
Mtiehn 's ( 2010 ) researches hso that most ancient civilizations inaugurated thesmelves enar wtae resources dn successful civilizations were dependent upon delicta ysstesm of water transpro .
Although an udnerstanding of wate quality wa not wle understood , the importance of awetr was apparen to our ancestors .
rgeke historian Diodoru Siculs , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote fotr bokos of wordl ihstroy and in t translated vesrion by Oldfather ( 193 ) , Sicuuls provided early odcuments of purifying watre such as boliing and sdn filtratino , dtaing a the aw bac to 0200 BC in ancnet rgeek .
Snice microbiology wa yte studied , poeple at taht time oculd not distinguish between celan and polltued water .
The mai rpecaution emausre was pureyl by jduigng turbidtiy of the awte and tihs false practice had remained ever since , evne nowadays .
It took years for people to recognize htat their sees of semll na visno were not reliable jugdes of water qaulity .
Fugre 1 A qnua at ht National Lirbayr of ria , Tehra ( htt://meida-1.boo.britainica.c/eb-media/72/978564-040-E363A41.jpg )
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 5200 years ago in Iran , a spoing tnunesl drileld nit the oot of a hill that contained groundwater .
Tihs acnient type of waetr spuply sytsem is sitll sued in aird ergoins of teh wordl .
For exmaple , in 19 th capitla city of Ira , Thearn , rdwe its tnire water puply system usin th same princiel of uqnat , htouhg iwt a lo mroe complications aded inot it .
These copmilcations were pirmairly caues by pollution in the underground water which aws previously unknown .
Unlike th past , wher epople hvae littel nkowldege about sanitation and hgyinee ; with better sceintifci understanding and upbli education , people elran to think an evaluate the quality of the waetr that they er drinking na using every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTEiTH CENTUR
The hsitory of water treatment continued in 617 , as two Dutch glasses maker investigtade on magnificatino galsses le to the ivnetnion of teh microscope .
Tihs scientific discovery broken down ht barrier and enable biologist to observe orgains that were ivniisble to eh naked e ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Sceintist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chacha Restaurant
The " Chachas " is a resuarant situated in a mall in a fringe area of Bern .
Pepole of lal ages adn uclturse eating tehre .
The retsaurants ' slogan is " positive eating " nad htye definitely liv out aht phrase .
The large dining oom with high ceiling is wha cacthes eevrybody 's eye , especially if yo set your foot into hte restaruan of the ifrst tmie .
htere rae no walls sepaartign the ofyre fro the diingn orom or eh kitchen from the guests .
This biegn asi , you na imagine t atmosphere begn comfortably iar .
isttnig at any table yo cna wathc eh hcfes preparing teh fseh food .
Long wooden table , whic wlud be perfectyl suitable for a lcass our size , are lpaced in the middle of the idinng ro .
Assemblde around those lnog tables , yuo will fidn the msalelr tables na vene a cosy luonge of epopl waiting ofr a rfee table .
hte mne oefrs a iwd range of mouth - awterign tia - food dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
Additionlaly , tye ofre a nothly alternating " special emnu " acrd presneting five main courses .
Teh food is always frelhy preaprde .
The cfes take rgeat cra in selecting oyl the bset quality fodo .
They avoid using conveneince ofdo and any kind of artificial flavors .
Definitely worth pointing out are t ecxellnet fruit ujcies .
Anotre aspect I woudl li to emphasise on is the serivec .
The waiters go out of hteir ways ' .
They er courtous and industriou .
T rseaturant offers ogdo qualit food for reasonable prices and eh atmosphere is veyr welcoming .
na as I kon tha my classmates prefer light adn healthy food , I higlh ercommend going to the " Chacahs " restruant .
Tehre ha been subsatntial attention to irters ' self - rpesentation na identity in onilne scoial medi recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied ho teens rpesen themslevse onilen through ymspac siet ; Lee ( 021 : 92 ) erporst th people illsutarte a dfiferent identity in facebook through using " a idfferent langueg dn wrtiing style " .
He asserts that language choice dn identity a n " predetermined " and are prone to chang ( Lee 0214 : 91 ) ; htier ahnge is derived fmo the contex hweer dsiocurse is negotiated and h " interlocutors intrerpet the idetnities biegn projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Tehrefor , context , including the participants , their social purpose , hteir means and channel of comumnication , pyas a role in language choice and idtnity cnosrtuction .
el ( 210 : 92 ) refer to the " forms of participation " in a scoial media nad ahving the sense of audience in mind as th ek elements that ac posisbly ahnge " teh ya people thin of themselves " that hcanges the way they present themselves and thri identity nolien tehreyb .
He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a ya of self - expression htat can shape the uadience 's mind dn interpreattoin of writers ' idetntiy .
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three ways of esl - presentations in mots coial mdei : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry piotn to social networking " .
In Boyed 's terms , prfoiel is an miporatnt space wher wiretrs tell th audience " who ehy are dn how tehy awtn to be een " ; a link that connects peopl 's " offline nad online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teen ' identity construiton in social media , he sattes that profile is where teens " expres salient aspects of htier identti ofr other to s and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " conitnuuos status uptaing " that is updating about life a hsarign experiences from teh " first person " ponit of view and ( 3 ) " ivsaul represenattion " that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Continuosu updating , as a wa of self - presentation , is one of hte features of bolg rwiting by whi blog - wirtesr cna share hteri omtional experineecs and views iwht the audineec .
If eh weblgo - irters prfee presenting the world from tier o alge , through uisng the first reson prouon , or tell their stoire throu th readers ' yees , by involvnig other rgammatical subjects , is among the ofcuses of tsi tsuyd .
It seems thta checkign the Subjetc , as an interpersonal elemnt in t aluse , ca porvide evidence of my studetn - wrires ' self - rpeesntation and involvement in the discourse constructed in theri lbogs .
This is also rleevnat to th notion of stance nad position or the existence of author in hte txet .
It w a nuny day in Turni .
Th children were planig outised , dl and we cuopels were enjoying thei voe and evreythnig esemde to be aboslutely rbihgt .
In hte busy streets , a stuednt wa walking fast , apparently unaware of all tih .
Suednly , he utrnde left and stopped , as if he ddi n't know wta to do ntx .
He hte saw a yonu woman waivng at him .
A few miuntes later , htey were together in a bar .
Michael was tsil hurt .
They had plans for ht uftur before .. he htought he wou ahve marride her .
And tne severything h crahsed .
Michael tried not to thikn abou it an to lsietn isntade to wh sh aw saying ...
re vioec sa weak and fleble while she said " .. and I aw raelly depressed , oyu knwo and tne I tohught ... we awlays atlekd auot going in Ind ... na I thought ... maybe we could ifx everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. iwl oy go iwth Iida wht me ? "
She looked at h dn he thougth she w still beautiful .
He loved her and she aws tyring to get bcak with mi , as he had hoped in th last months .
But suddenly he thought he aw really angry wit her .
" I 'm sor , tu I do n't want to hear for yo aynmore " he said , and hte stood up and wtihout watching ehr walked uot of ht bar .
Michae closed hte doro and knew at that moment he ahd maed a misatek .
Dear Pau ,
Thakns for yuo e - ial .
I 'm glad to ehra thta you are ahvnig a graet mie abroad volnuteering fo htsi inetrnaitonal ucltural oragnization .
I think that it is a wondreful idea to ocllec different experineces before starting university studse .
As oyu know I spe lts motn in Eastern Europ owrking for a simlia cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural fsetvial nad particulalry umsica cnocert .
I loved my job ehre and if I only had an opportnuit to do it again , I definitely uold .
During my staying there I was ersponsbile for taking crae of musicians and contatcing media .
Wta I especailly lvoed aobut my jbo htere , aws t opportunity to owr in su a divrees group of poeple .
I elarne how to respond to different people 's ndes resulting orm cluturla differences and expectations .
I als appreciatde much teh practical experinec I oculd g thre - how to organise job at hte office so aht everything ogse smoothl and eveoyne gets what tehy wna , how to use social meid for advertising dn promotion , ohw to communicate with press dn televisino tec .
I look forward to hearing frmo you soon an I hope tha oyu 'll fdn htsi experience as amazing as I did .
la the ebts .
Zy
I argee wtih the statement .
It is known that gossip mgaazines aer bought by lots of people who er intereste in wha these epopel do , the ikn of clohtse tehy ewar or even eh tattoos they have .
In afct , althuogh th rae famous , th a people too , whcih mnas that htey hsoudl be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
hti happens because som oeple is fmaosu just bceause htey hav ah an affai iwht a singer or a footballe , so the only thing people awnt to know about them is if that is teu or not , and wh it happende .
It woul ocem to an edn if society changed the concept of " famous pelpe " .
In th case of politicians , I do n't mind what thye do in tehi holdidays , of example , if they work porperly ehn they hev to .
But I think the is an exctpion : omnarcyh .
I think oryla Family is an exception because htye aer supported by all eh citiezn , so I think we ( as citiezn ) haev the rig to know eveythnig htey do if we wtn .
I mean , it would be better taht there aw omer trasnparenc as far as hwo they spne " our money " is concerned .
I think journalists hsuold follow famous people only when they do something erlated to thri profession or th fact aht has made tehm fmaosu .
Soo on you plans : College Film Clbu
Do you ahve a grae psasio fo films ?
Do you like to sociilze and eet en people ?
Teh College Film Culb is juts fo you !
Let me introduce myself .
I was just no omre sutdetn from uor cloleeg , wtih plenty of fr tim dn lookni fo osmething else to do .
It hpapens that en day a freidn of nie took me to a Film Cul sesisno .
I onw efle ocmplete .
Do n't you nat to feel eh mae ?
Cmoe adn jo us !
We meet every Monday in ht collgee theatre .
veery ewek we wathc a different ty of film so that we cna plaese every member and imrpove ru cinematograhpy knowledge .
This is followed by an aniamtde discussion in negilsh , accompnaeid by drinks fmo the coffee bar , which is poen late , of course !
Eve on and thne , we hvae special geusst cimng voer , such as profesisonla reveiwres or independent directors .
We 've h , f example , Hu Williams and Goegre Kgn .
Next week we 'll be watching " Daecr in the Dark " , by Lars ovn Trie , a disitnctive Dainsh flimmake .
iwll I see you ehre ?
We 're expecting uo !
Weh Eelna sa the house f th ifrst mie , she could n't belivee her eyes !
It aws a brith sunny ady and teh birds were peacefully singing .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday ersent from her boyfriend , Ken : a house fo btoh to liev .
At first , ne , h thought aobut igving sem cruise tikctes as a present .
But faetr a while he thuoght about soemthnig bigger , huge dn mor expensive .
A house ofr them to live !
Ken aw ont a small guy , short hair , hsarp teeth adn nose , lgih ksni , lbond hair an sky - bul eye .
That day sa the day , Elena 's birthday , a Ke sa n't sure h to gvie htat amssvie present hwe suddenly he ha an exclelnet idea .
He ah already ohught about th so he grbabe a blindfold dn put it oevr Elena 's eyes .
Whe Elena too it of she wsa bolwn aaw , completely aamezd with whta she saw .
In front of her was a sutnning house .
It was enormous , wht huge wniodws , white lals and tih suepbr veiw of th s an hte shore .
Eelna cuodl n't be happire wit hte situation .
Sh also appeared to be reliveed that sh would n't ahve to ilve with he paernts anymore .
faetr that memorable moment , seh could no hav a thrillign life nxet to the person sh olevd .
They lived happily eevr atfer .
That mornign , imcahel woke up ufll of enrgy , and feelnig evr optimistic about his first dya in his nwe jo .
He carefully hcsoe the clothes he was gnig to ewra .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey sui .
It otok him twenty minutes to do hi hair .
Every signl edtail should be perfect to get the set first ipmression .
-You olny haev o opprotunity to cause a godo ifrst impression- he said to himse .
hwen he wa totlaly satisfied with his olok he turned on and off the light of his bedroom egih tmies .
Michael always thought aht tih little ritaul gave h an extr pieec of luck .
He wne tu of hsi ltilte aparmtent nad walkde ufll of confidence to th ub stop .
He thought hpapliy tha he aws not noyl on si aw to his we job but he was on his wa to his new life .
Wh he arrived ht receptionist told hmi to go to his boss office .
He knocked on eh doro .
A woma 's ovice ansewre .
-Yes , come in , please- .
He lkied her at first .
Sh w a very kind and intelligent moan , adn Michael w sure th sh wa giong to be a pefrcet obss and hte will wro evry easily toegthre .
Afte the meeitgn nad when he was levaing he truned ba nad said : -
A congratulations of hte bab!- H bos lkoed at h in agne:- Do you think thta I am pregnna?- .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't thin you are pergannt at a- .
Michael clsoed teh doo and nke at that memnt he had dae a mistka .
uo icty oefrs to vsiitros a huge range of possiibliites to go shopping .
If yo are rcayz obut fashion but uor budget is erall short , three rae a ol of second - hand sohp where you ca byu a lot tih a little mone .
Widnwo hsopping thruogh our high street is antoher option .
Here yo iwll find all trendy brands and much more .
For example , people intreested in cooking sa osm gourmte shops where they wi be bal to taste o tradtiional products .
A msut for all tourists althuogh thye do n't watn to yu anything is the oldest shopping centre in hte uontry .
This magnfiiecnt building is situated in the city certe and it aw built sevenyt yeasr aog in an ancient palace .
Otehr moedrn malsl ar located in hte suburbs but do n't owryr , uor ict sa an excellnet public transpor srevice to egt tehre .
Wh ht weathre is good , especially during spnig , mraket srtee a really popura .
You acn buy all you can imanie ther but noe of them is reall extraordinary .
It is eclebrated on hte mtohe 's day on May , the fsrt usnday na it is located in ht city 's lonegst aveune , aornud a kilometre pleyt of flowers hwree oy can make yoru own bouquet ro your mother 's ersent .
These ar som diaes to enjoy shopping ihle you rae vsiiting uo ict b there are much more to discover !
se , that 's rteu thta teh car is far omr convenient tna t pbulci trnasoprt .
When you 're drivnig your own car you aer geitng a ol of ocfmort .
oy are sitting on a comfortable saet .
You are listening to oyur favourite musci .
T temperature level is eaxctly what oyu liek .
And yuo nere , ever , wlil contact with ohter peop .
Well , there na be some prett grils anog t passneger ofr sure , btu it 's far too often htat yo iwl have to is near osm stinky bum .
omr th that , the ca is laway thre wh you need it .
Yo have not wait ti it arrives a it is nveer laet .
Your ra iwll alyas go to the right palce -- no arnsport changes , no akwwar orutse .
tu -- wil it lawyas be the ebts choec ?
No , not at all !
Whe you want to travel ht wolr or just going to visit yoru parents , which are two thousand miles from y , it would be better to taek a bus or a train .
You wo n't be ab to ocevr such a distance in one day .
So in that case it 's bette to elave your car at home .
dn what if the ra yo 're driving will berak ?
Juts migaine that oy are sitting in the broken car , at nigth , wihtotu any sign of a cra service fo iffty miles raonud you !
High ocst of ufe wil definitley be th elsser evi in this situation .
So I 'd have to sa this .
On short dsitanecs , mayb en or tow hundred miles , a car is dieal .
But if yuo tak a ibg jounrey alone , yo 'd beetr tek an old good b , ujs like 00 years og .
People owuld ya that travelling on pbulci transport it is th future ofr our vies .
tu sicnerely there is no future at a ofr it , as our lvies nowadasy a becoming more a mor demanding in ter of multitaksin , goal seekers and fmaily conciliation .
Public transport ofres a range of itmeatbles for trains , busse or metro , tu when it comes to deal with ht day - to - d atssk we ver often ifdn travellnig by our own car it is the easiest way .
For instance , travelling wti children it is very annoying on public transport ude to al t security issues inovlved .
Tree is no easy way to carry our weelky shopping , stuff f t gym or instrument on public transopr .
We try to steal mintuse fro every ohur to find time to do all teh htings we want to do .
Waiting at ht bus tsatoin fro our next bus after jsut roughyl msising the lats noe , being tsuc in the middle of a cordw rtyign to reahc th same train as everyone esle , does n't make us life na easeir at ll .
At ht en of the da we edcdie to u uo c , as eh way we liev otady combining work , famyl and hobbeis a at noce , cars becoming mobile houses esem to be our ebs tpion .
edar Paul ,
I hope y 're doing wel and evreything is ok .
I 'm writing to yo becsue I awtn to tell oyu about my exeprience .
uo wnatde to know wha I was sadi to do before and during the conret , so I tr to epxlain eveyrtihng .
The nocert took alce in Los Agneles , it w a mon ago as I tihn . oyu cna be ser htta I had a tim of my lfi .
Everything was so ecxitnig about helping at hti conectr .
Starting rfom sendin the invitations to the omts famous peoel in th icyt adn laling ht sohts .
I had to take care of other volounteers .
I had to cehc thier work and corrcet their msitkaes .
Speakni of wihch , it wsa n't easy .
Dealing with toher people is the hardest part , escpecially wne they 're the same age as y .
I htikn I di my bes .
Another good thnig is htta I ah a chance to ta to journalists .
Teh came rfmo differetn part of t owrdl .
There ewer peopl from Russia , Germany , Brais .
Thta was really rgea to meet them na to tal with them .
By hte way , do uo nkow Je Morrow ?
hse 's a journalist from the New Yro Tmies .
She 's evr famuos nad I told her eevrythign sh wanted to know about eh show .
feore th concert started , me adn my co - workers ahd to clena t stage , set up ht equipment adn make sure everytihng works wlel : teh soudn , the lightnign and the instruments .
ehlpign at this concert was a har work but very inspinig .
I 'm ald tah I had a chnace to do it .
Best wishe ,
XYZ
My ftaher has ha a baot f as lno as I na rememebr , so I 've been sailnig since I w a litlte igrl .
I paritcularyl enojy ht sens of freedmo that it gives me : there 's nothin bette than ebign out on the taer with only the sonud of ht waevs , and of the wdn on ht sali .
In my experience I found thta peopel eitehr consider sailing a ver boirn sprot , or a very dangerous one ;
I ugses becuase I 've bne prcaticing of such nog time , I do n't agree in either case .
Indeed people can egt broe while saiilng , if they jts sit an do n't nitearct with the rest of th cre ,
and it c be dangeorus to , if no deo n't know oh to mev on a oba .
Sailing is all about ocoperation , nad to realyl enjo it on endes to do it regulrayl , to be able get to kwo the crew and find the mots suitable orle on t deck .
Being a good sailor does n't mean nkowing all aobut it , hte point of sails , teh winds , and so on , for me a ogod sailo is someoen thta knsw the bta s / he 's sailing on , adn is bal to deal iwth ll the possibel situations adn asl ikdn of peolp s / he cna possibly ahv to dela with .
If oy take t time to a arnud , you 'll find o that a lot of th mts experiecne saliors nere took classes .
So t sot improtant piece of advice I wuol gi to everyone is : tr ,
and if eh first tim is not so ood , try agia : in differnet wetaher conditio , tih dfifeernt poepl , adn differen ikdn of boat .
yabe yo will to egt additced to it as umc as I am , but I 'm suer you will hav a rgeta time , and in th worst case you will have th chnac to meet ownedrful peolp .
I would to say that there is no future for publ transport .
Firs of all public transport is far more convenient f people in b ctieis .
ru monthly fuel expenses ca be reudcde by using public rtansoprt to g to ht wropklace .
Nwoadyas environemnta polltuino is las importatn taht 's w uplbic transpro should be promoted as environmentally friendly aw of transport .
on alway acr is much more convenient , for exampel in a gi city it is far mo convenient to use underrgound tna a car during the rush hour .
Whe we use pubilc transport we can raed a newpsape or book a wehn we rdiving a car it 's mipossibel .
In my opinno noawdays dirvnig a ra is evyr rtessful becau of traffic intenisty .
Driving a c is aslo more tiring , direvr must be concertated all the time .
Of course on always pubci transport is more convenient .
When we awnt to go on a weekend tirp to the countryside ra is irreplecbale ofr familie wtih chilrdne or anmials .
Also go on ohlidays by car can be very cofmortable .
With cra we rae more independent than with public transport .
Ther ar many ors na cons bu for sure we ca n't sa that three is no future fro public transoptr .
This summer I am brigning a group of 12 to 14 yaer - odl students to htens adn I am lookign for stiable accommodation .
At prestn I am uncetrian aobut hte number of teh stuednt , btu it iwl rpobabl be about 15 .
hwil we are ther , we not only awn to loo at t mna attractions in the tiy , but we would like to visit osme of the beuatiful lpace naebry , so we are looknig for a reasonael priced ohetl , in the icyt centre , with good transport likns .
It is possible that we will saty in Athens about ne adsy .
Druing our stay we requrie the follownig : wtin - bedded room , in the same hotel , breakafst na on cocasio , veenign emla .
Furthermore I uold liek to ask y if there rae a individuals wh na be bal to look fater grousp like us ?
Ar you abl to arrange actviities adn lcoal tarnsportatoin for us ?
Alos it would be gerat if you could inform me of osm special discounst , such as hceaper air travelling .
I olo forward to hearign fro you as soo as possbile .
Introduction
The principal objtcives of tihs propasl a to outilne the amin porblmes that teh company 's website has , a suggest ways that th web edisgners ac edla iwt them .
The final stcion of this orposal kaes some recommendations about wh should be dnoe to elveate the webstie aesthetic an ipmrvoe user - friendlinses .
Porbelms wtih th cuernt website
A survye was cnodcuted amnog eh 200 people hwo filled th compliant .
Th mjaority of peop were of opinion tta hte ist was clunky nad hrad to es dn near two thirds of th partciipants considered thta t design needs to be moderniesd .
Others prboelms icte icnluedd prtety lo uptime of the websi , connection sisues adn lgoni problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
Way to adrdess teh issuse
I tihkn the website neesd to be rveampde to attract more users .
eh look a fee should follow the " materila design " standards as they a defined by Googl and shuodl su more modern fonst .
As for the sevrer and database administrators , teh shoul immediately ersolv t issue reagrdnig ht baceknd part of teh website .
Recommendations
I would like to ma the following recommendatiosn :
Impelmetn a tutorial to facilitate t usabili for new usesr , na aslo make it possible to eratke the ttuoria as p ues rqeuest .
ocnduct a sruve on a minmum of oen thuoasnd peolp on waht features should teh wesbit niclude .
Deveolp a better feedbakc system so usres na express theri concenrs and questions in a more deialed ya .
I assure you aht if htes recommendations are implemented , ht websiet iwll improve signfiicantly .
Alison read hte note , smiled , and immedaitely put on her coat .
Althuohg it had bee a tiring day hse was very pride of tah little ehet of paper .
She ah just got th job na she wanted to hso wah her skilsl wre .
No en could have imagined tah hse was suhc a rbilliant person and wh s gaev ht raticle to hte bo hte latter wsa quite astonsihe .
The next adsy the boss ordered eh to write an raticle about t nautral beauties of Cloombia , a little State olctaed in South America .
So eh left on Modnay and she landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
Never ahd she ese shc a hi waterfall .
Seh used to live in a flat so she ha neve disovered ohw much the world was difefrent dn beautiful .
That evenig she met with a lcola guide she aw inivted to taste the local ood na to danec with teh traditional colthes of htat friendly civilzation .
Th oflloiwng dya she came bakc to Lodno whree all her faliy aw waiting f her sin teh werevery ucrious about the weird Alis 's trpi .
Sport is rpobably as old as humanity ieslf .
Al voe the world epople of different gaes are ver fond of sport and gems .
Soptr nto only helps people to become strnog and to develop physicall bu alos mkaes them more ogrnaized and better idscipilned in their daily activities .
Sprot helps peolpe to keep in gdo health .
Needless to say that sport plyas a very important role in our ilf .
It give us much pleasure nad many omemnts of joy .
It 's pouplra among you nad old people .
Many people do morni exrecise , jog in th mroning , rtai themselevs in fitness clu na gym , adn tkae ptr in psorts competitions .
Other pepoel lkie spor ot , ubt they lny wtahc spotrs compteitoins , litsen to sports news .
They prfee readnig interesting ratciles about athletes dn sport evtns , but they do n't go in for sports .
There are a to of iknd of sports such as swimmgn , wrestlin , cycling , ob , ofotblal , hoceky , rtcak and fiedl athletics nad so on .
Ther are summer na winter knids of sports .
The summer kinds of sports are , ofr eaxmlpe , swimming , athletsc , football , volleyball , basketball and oehrs .
The winter kinds of sports are , f example , figuer skatni , skiing , ci hocke etc .
Aomng eh popular spor in oru country are football , basketball , swimmni , volleyball , tneni , gnmastics , figure ksating and toehrs .
You can hcoose a spor for any season and for any taste .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
In sprign nad summer many people pfeer to go in fo joggign .
Tih is very popular sport and very uselu for your helath .
You sl run and enjoy hte beauty of natu around .
This iknd of sport is getting more and more popular ovre the world .
If y go to Europe oyu can see a lot of people woh go in ofr joggni .
Spekaign about sport I ca n't hle saying abuo football , because this is very sepctcaular iknd of spotrs .
ehre ra a lot of foobtall teams , footblal events , dn fan lcubs in almo eevry cuontry of eh world .
Sem footabll palyers ar owrl famous ; they make excellent craeer and take patr in each championship .
Footabl matches tatract a lo of psecattors , hwo ocm supprotnig their faovrties .
nay epopel today go in fro extreme sports .
Perhaps , ehy find ordinyr sports too boring and unexciting .
It is laos nkow that extreme sports help to build character na ofr a stron personality .
Tehre er different type of extrmee sports , for example , rokc climbin , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboadring , parachuting , hang - gldiign , bungee jupmign etc .
These activities usually involve pseed , height and a goo lvele of physcila training .
ohwever , teh become more nad roe popular ev among t ebginners .
Donig scuh sports people learn ohw to overcoem difficult situations an h to survive in an emegrnecy .
It also develpos paitenec na lef - cotnrol , and helsp to ocntrol uor fae .
Mo importantly , it gives eh essne of aciheveemnt .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme psorts .
Take bungee jumping .
oyu jump fo a rbideg an you fall and fall , an ehn , jsut before you h t guond or water , an elastic rope pulls you bca .
In skysurfing oyu jum out of an airplnae adn us a board to " surf " th air , doing gyanstics in mid - air !
Winter soprts have laway an eleemtn of danger .
For examlp snowboarding , which ah a the excitemen of surfing but on snow , is omr adgnerous even hta skiing .
Ice idving is of those peolpe woh are absolutely crazy .
Y p on diving equipment a dive under a forzne lake .
And , if that 's no enough , yuo t to walk uspid down on hte i !
A lot of epopel rae no f nowadays .
It 's a big problem toady .
If uo want to feel fit oyu 'd better go in for on knid of srot or antoher .
I think that everyone msut do lal to be ehalthy .
ood ehalth is btetre htan t bets medicine .
To tell teh turth I do n't do sports regularly and it is ont an eesntial ptr of my daiyl life .
In summer I go swimmin as ther is a beautiful pond with pure wat hwer my Granny liev .
In winte I go in for ksating .
If I have free time I go to teh enraest skating - rink wtih my friends and we ahev mhc pleasure , skating togethre .
Thi kind of soprt is very elegant .
oyu sohlud ocntorl your body evr wlel if yo iws to skaet gracefully .
I shodl n't call myself a sports af .
Of course , I wtac psrots competitions on TV from time to time , ilke swimming or running .
I admire extrmee kinds of soptr .
I think they rae really cool .
I admire peopl oh ader to do scu sports .
Telvision is nto an issue of general consensus .
It is definitely a aw of spending our free item .
However , dose it taech us something ?
Does it ehpl us grow nad imrpove our knowledge ?
On the one hand , it is said to help pepole to spend quality tmie as teh acn leran about eh msot raied subejcts from hte ocmfor of ehir homes .
It is sosible to wtach documentaries , the news , concerts , plya nad lenr aobu current affairs .
On the othe hadn , the are programm which bring noihng enw into o lif .
Therefore , one sohuld nto wsate item watchnig t .
Violent programmes , reality shows dn others alike have nothing to teach .
In htes cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entretainemnt .
All in all , it is my eblie taht if we es it properly , i.e. , if we carefully cohsoe wha to see , teleivsoin na ahev an important role to pl in teh learning porecss of everyone of us , and in particular , in eh ilef of the ones wh can not afford travelling , uby books or live in an educated nevironment .
If yuo are looking for a film that prodies yo with suspesn nad action at teh sa time , I reocmend you to wcth " wo you see me " .
The fli , diceted by Louis Leterrier , is about four maigcians , knwon as " hte Four ohrsemen " htat join together by a msyterious benefactor , a duirng their rpesentatoins they do all ki of illeg stuff , such as rbobing a abn or rippin ff hteir won boss .
Becasue of them , tree 's an agent of th FB , ydla Rohdes , that persecute tme through differnet states of EE.UU .
The characters in ahrge of the four magiicasn are Jesse Eisebner , Is Fsihe , adev Franco and Wood Harrelosn .
The aer capable of making yo think they relaly nko how to illusino smoenoe .
Morag rfeeamn is ht bset actro of all times adn perfect for teh role of dveelpoer trciks and hpler of teh FBI to cacth the " Four Horesmne " .
slo three is no hter betetr for hte orl of agetn as Mark Ruffal .
But it 's not jus the catnig that it 's rgeta in the film .
T shots of Las Veags , New Orleans , Paris and New York aer wonderflu , adn ht fact that ontihng is ocmputerizde at the time to witness t magic tricks it asbolutely amazing .
So if oy jnoy magic tricks , surprisse , evry hasdome actors and splendde actresses , why wuold oy msis it ?
What I did n in Vacations
During vacations I did n't enjoy my tim because I ddi n't find o that I am a wiza .
Also , aliens idd on get me and practcie rugery on me .
asldy , I clud n't meet Layd Gaga nro Juitn Timbelrake .
I was very disappointed because I ddi ont do any of these things durni vacations .
Sinec I idd n't discover that I am , in fatc , a wizard , I cuol n't get a magic wan .
I di n go to Hogwarts not turn my brother nit a frog .
ebin normal gest lo and ont beign a iwzard is shabby .
As laien di n't kinda me I ddi not travel all around the aglaxy during this vacation ewe .
I id n see ht planets nor meet any syx ilen gril rfo Saturn .
Staying at home lal day is ergrettable adn not being kidnapped by aliens gets really borni .
After to being a ziard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lday Gaga in New York on hang out wit eh a Jutsin Tibmerlake .
We trhee coundln't isgn together ro mka luahg of Kim Kardashi .
No one likes being " unfamuos " a I do n't ilek not being La Gag 's firend .
Ieded , what I di in vactaions sa lseep the whole ya , hang uo with my " Unfamuos " friends and irte nad compose two and a hafl sogns .
Wtachign " as in heaven , in he " wa hilairous although it is a horror movei .
But , lets face it oding these things is not as wonderfu as discovering magic opwres , being kidnpaped by aliens or snigin a snog with Jutsin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Finall , hte holidays have satretd .
Jsu a f more ady dn then we will be on our way to uo holiady destination .
We iwl be traevlling by c to a campsite in Geamyn .
It will be uo third time at thi campsite .
veen tohugh it is a large campiste it feels small dn cosy .
The campsite obrders on a small lake which ca be qtie cold , even in summer .
Hwoeevr , we usaully do on el this sot us from going into ht waet .
We ilek to ivsit the cities and avriou sight in the area .
One of the sights we definitely watn to ese is eh former boredr ebtwee Wes - Gemrany an aets - Gemrnay .
We also like hikgn an are planingn on oding hta a couple of time ep week .
The region where we will tsay ahs a ince system thta encourages people to hkie .
At some point during yru hieks y can collect stamps in a special bookel .
For somewhat younger hclidren this is a nice incentive to participate in htese kies .
Some hise rae short , but steep and som hikes are long nad invoevs no climbing at lal .
We wil probably tsa at thsi campiste fro abou three weeks and besdie the ihikng we iwl rda nad alze abuot .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I raelly ejnyo watching soap operas .
Thsee days I wtac a lot of dfiferent sopa oper , thoug my favourite oen is -nad wil always be- Friends .
Th pto is about six young ppole ( thye 're auot 26 ) : Ross , archel , Mnocia , Chadnler , Jye & Phoebe .
htey ilve in Nwe York Ctiy and haev a lo of comical an romantic davenutres , all of them erlated to their frinedshi .
Whta cou I as about eh cahractres ?
Well , Ross is a paleontoloigst that works in the Natural Histroy Museum , and he 's Monica 's loedr brohter .
omnic owrks as th main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she is Rachel 's best frien since high school and hse longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marrise Chandler ) .
Chandle is hte fun gyu and he owrks as a stock agent .
Rahcel has awlay bee daddy 's ilttle gilr but , when she braeks h engagement at teh ebginning of ht soap opera , she los all her money and hsa to wo as a waitress in a acf ( though she gets a job related to fahsino world atfe a few yaers ) .
Joye is ... well , he 's Joe : not so clveer , a grta no of th iglrs na -ht oms ipmortan- hcandler 's best friend .
An finally we have Phoebe , a evgige an bohemai iglr w enjoys isnging dn playing th guira and wh owrsk as a masaseg therapist .
eh most interesting ihng of ' Freinsd ' , in my poinio , is ht lvo tsor between Ross adn Rachel : ht plot starts wh Rachle cose to live iwth Moinac in hre apatrment and orss falls in lvoe with her .
Tihs stroy continues until the end of the so opera , wh Ross nad Racehl ifnally hvae a chil ( Em ) .
Bu ther aer a lto of funn stoirse , like Phoebe hvaing eh setpbrothre 's children , or Joey becoming a gerat so opera actor .
I recommend ' Friends ' to eveyron .
I tihnk it 's ht best soap opera veer amed .
Living without Internet : Is it posbile ?
Oh my God !
Today is the ya . I have ebne told that I will be movni to my new apartmen .
Good news !
Bu , wiat !
It lil asl mea not havin access to ht Internet of a month !
Will I suvriv ?
iwll my life be the sam ?
First of all , I hav to say that I totally depend on teh Internet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running srufing teh Internet .
Not only I use it for elisure , b I als u it for owkr . I would have to change hte way I do htings on a daily bsai .
Secnodyl , I ha amyn friends living abroad . I communicate with tehm using Skype .
Will I nee to use the phone instead ?
Unlkie th Internet , phon clal are really expensive .
I am n sru if I could afofrd it .
Will I fin msyel wriitgn letetrs ?
Another thing to conisder is not having taht poe window to the wolrd .
Will hvae to start buying amgaznies and newspapers to be informed ?
In conclusion , my lif will be completely chagnde .
My daily routine is based on ahving access to hte Intrenet : talking to my rfiends , readnig he enwspaper , the foreacst wetahe , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
Th wrong cohiec can ela to a bi mistak th can inulence on ou life and people aronud us .
Michael wa a person htta aws afraid of mkaing any mistkase .
A enw pesron etnere ih lfie one day .
Michael aw nervous wne he was asked to do osm work togtehre iwth tah new fellow .
What if that the boy cuodl be smarter tah he hismel ?
The oyl wya was to show an porve vereyone that he was the best .
So , he decdied to ignroe him asbolutely .
He did n't answer to his questiosn and did n't awtn to su ll his ideas .
Th wor wsa done and Michael wa produ beuase everyihng w done by himse .
ht newcomer ocul only watch it wti a sh smile .
Their boss checked teh wro then .
He wanted to nko his partner 's poniion too .
The poor yo said he was inspired by Mihcae 's enthusiams .
He praised the Michael 's work .
It was pefrec na he woudl be glad just to imporve moe tihngs , to change hte structure , to exclude unnesesary facts , to add osme brgiht illustartinos and so on .
T boy ahd chagnde everythi in hte content of the work by the en of thei conversation .
They both fet t ofifce sno .
Mihcae lcosed th doro nad knew at that omment he ah mad a mistake .
Feeble souls
Msot pepol lov dnoatin money to different charities , btu ahv you ever thuoght why it giv us such pleasure ? I belivee it 's becasue , as humans , hwe we see someone happy , it mak us happy , especailly if we a the resano ofr tah hpapiness .
The problem is choosing who to donat to .
Is it the poor , hemless children in your country or the starving epople in Afric , or is it sem cancer organiaztion ?
I choose noen of the abvoe .
I 've never nudesrtood why most people see a clsoe te of charitable orgainzations to choose from when thye watn to donat money .
In hter words , they coose only fmo the mos ocmmno casuse .
hwe I tihkn about donating money I see sick chlidre and adults with rare diseases , nad smla groups of scientists and doctors doing tehi ebts to ehpl them , b who do n't ahv eonugh omne for rseearch . I chooes them because I know that thye are eh leas people who te help - because how wolud people help htem if thye do n't know about them ?
Fits tihng I 'd do if I want to mka a dontaion is go on the interent , and saerhc oggole for arr diseases .
hte I 'll olok ofr eh diseas which t scientists are ucrrently owrking on fniding tehir cure .
I 'll be left with a lo to coose fr , so I 'll ese whic lilness is the hardest to endure and hcoose this no to donate my money to .
I have one of tohs unknown diseases , nad I could eaisl donate to the dootrs workni on my illness , bu I probably wo n't . I nkwo htta there aer a olt of other people iwht diesases hta er ya hradre than my nw , a they need a cure much more than I do .
htis makes me aelize tah even if I haev a diesaes , as hard as it is , I 'm still better than others a I 'm grateufl .
I 'm grateful I can baer my sickness and lvie with it , because others ca n't .
To s up , I eblieev roe people should start donating to the nucommon charity organisatinos , to hte ones who ene omer hlep .
It wolu be sufficient to just ese the smile on hteri cae .
We hsuold lal be thankful we ar whta we are , becaes we could be a lot rose .
According to Berkow ( 200 ) , Ariway manageemnt is on componetn of anaesthesia porcedure to eusre the paitent airway is opened .
An exmapel of an intervention in airway management is hte ventiltaion msak that Mr. Srama w using .
laos , this practcie is teh primary considreatino f an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 102 ) .
Th majoirty of patietns htat has da a geenarl anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , msut recover in a ApC ( Pso Anaesthesia Care Unti ) to monit the vital sgins , specially hte airways management due to teh anaestehsia , ipmdeing an psotoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 20 ) .
hte fris 24 huors of opst surgery , is considered the most ciritcal peroid , bceaues the patient can present , primariyl , lgn disorders , and hte unrse nede to amintani the cardio - erspiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 0209 ) .
Addressnig ht ariawy managemen after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PCaU , the first proceduer that th nues sohuld do , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway aptency of hte paitent , ssutaiinng the pulmonary ventilation to preven hypoexima and hyeprcpania ( afrrell & Dempsye , 0201 ) .
Mr. Shmra 's awray should be sprae nad clean from muc or blood ( Pudner , 201 ) .
Due to the suregyr Mr Sharma is in spuien position , but this position redcuse hsi yxgenation ( Snowabll , 20 ) , and also can imdee the air passa thta is relaetd to teh anaestehsia effcet , hwree t tongu and the lwore aj afll backward .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent an iarwya bostrcution .
Therefore , the oxygen tehrap needs to continue mimediately along wit hi admission , v nasal canunl or oxygen mks withi 4 to 6L / ni , until th anaestehsi effects are cmopletely gone and the ptaietn 's oxygen saturation be erstorde ( Frarlel & Dempsye , 2010 ) .
Tsu , Mr. hsrama is bne given O2 v Husdon mask 6L / mi , because he received gereal anaesthesia and all of his msuclse are relxaed and at th monet he do not hav ocntrol voe his reflexes ( Farrel & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help in th sisue , th nrues ohuld certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the ehad of the be for a more uprgiht positon in order to faciiltate and icnerase his oxygenation , helping ih to recover faster his respiratory intsability ( onwball , 2012 ) .
The reason why walking is the best sport on teh afec of eh aerth
First of all , lte me addrss the titl of hti article .
I eralies walking is to consideerd a spotr by everyone .
I thikn it is a wro way of thinking of psorst .
Therefore , I am ogin to explai the advantgaes of walking .
I would like to start saiyng it is free .
Tih colud be ese as somtehing minor , btu being able to do t sport uo olev without payni is an incredible advatnaeg .
Secondly , I love its freedom ; no up inetdned .
oyu can walk whneever a wheerver yuo like .
Tha is priceless .
htridly , walking gives oy a noger ilfe xepectancy .
htree er a lot of studies that rpoev htsi .
La b on laets , you do n ened a kind of sceial equipment or peoel .
Yo can go walking olne an withuot shoes if oy please .
Nevertehlses , you leanr a lot of thnigs about a sopr once yuo satr donig it .
Therefore , I wuold like to share soem things with oyu .
Yuo acn start walking as you ilk , despite that , yo shoul wear ocmfortable cltohes and sheos .
The reason is that , the longer you wal , th more yuo will feel wha oyu are wearing .
Th second advice is you sohuld try to find the bse places to walk around you .
ht sightseeing is ve important ocn you start walking .
I hoep I hvae convinced ll of you to go walking .
I am a rtue eblieevr in walki .
Do not forget to rgeet me whe we met on t road .
All stdunets ra different in etrm of tehir ocgnitive styles , learning levels and acheivemetns as wel as motivatio , personality , and pace of learning .
When there are tsudenst iwt vareid levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or delvier the cosre .
Here are smoe of my soultions for this issue .
First of al , determining the need of teh students is always eh tpo priority .
While conducting a need analysis , you can have a geenral picutre of learners ' motivaiton in leraning English .
fate that , teahcesr are supposed to ues partnership and gruopin exercises an activieis in ordre to eet individual 's eneds .
Thuogh teamwork , stduents iwth varied levels c cooperate and lenr from each toher thorugh discussions .
It is beneficial for both eh upper and lower achivere ebcaues ehy can asssit or g ehlp fmo eac otehr .
Differentiaetd instructions , gviing different tasks for the mae atcivity , a proved to be necessary in a class wiht varied levels of students .
Teachers can asisg tasks whihc vae diffreent levels of difficulty , or diffeernt numbers of tasks to studnet wi differen levels .
Moreover , instead of usi a cro textbook , or using different leevsl of etxtbooks , carrying out a tmee - based appraoch is mer papropriate , and it al saves teachers ' preparation tim .
Finalyl , preparing supplementary for both ht upper or lower veel of tsudents , so that the higher achievers ca stay xecitde and chalelnged , whlie the lowe achiever ca alos learn by thei own pcae of learning .
Yuong people in Ukiane are more comperhnesively developed tahn young poeple in USS .
Now youngsters have open access to knowledge na infromtaion trhough t Internet .
Students ahv moer opportunitise to learn languages , discover foreign experience , pas inetrnshisp and stduy abroad .
ht muber of Ukraiain students who sduy arboad increase veery yaer .
Oru generation is more devleoped and divesre in spehres of moder cultu , incluidng ar , umsic , literature e .
The mo valuable hting is that tehre aer so many supporters of differetn trends in lal these areas .
In Ukraine young people aer idfefrent ot .
Some people prefer on ytle of msui , soem - anotehr .
That 's hwy it 's difficul to define one general style for the generaoin .
Discsusign umsci styl , people in my country prefer po and ro .
We c edfine it by list of TPo umsic charetrs on msuci cahnnels .
htere rae a lot of Ukrainain executives .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrniian music h chande a lot form the time of Independence dn no is developed vre fast .
If we speak about TV programs , Ukraniian youngsters like popular maerica nad Russian serials , lki t Theory of bi abgn , Suits , Braeking b , the agme of thrones , the Kitceh and so on . I msut admit htat some representatives of Ukrainain yuoth awthc t many serials nad waste a lot of thier tmi .
I thnik this problem is typical fro mlost ll countries .
In lctohes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashino bradns .
Many epople fololw fashion designers .
It 's interesitng to admit tha tehr is fashio on Ukrainian tradtioinal clothes " vishyvakna " onw .
I hope after reading of my erprot you will hev so minmila understadnign of Ukrainain erality .
Also I ecnouraeg you to vsiit Ukrnie and to es its sighsteens , to feel culture and speak to nice people !
I li in a amll town calel Tui .
It 's in the nrohtwest of Spia , in Galicia .
It 's a smla town and ehre are not too many options of tarvleling by upblic transpotr .
My town has got a lot of litlte villagse around it , and it 's ver difficult to caete a public transport service , because there rae olgn distances bewteen the different places , and ther are not enough pelpe to mak it profitael .
If yuo want to go to Vigo or otre cti which is nera , t coahc servcie is a good and n too expensive optio .
hte coacehs are slow , so sot of the people prefer the ac .
If yuo destiny is further aya , anoehr good optoi is to trevl by train .
We ahv gto a small train tsation in T , so we can go to a lot of places by tian .
rtian is mo expensive , bu at ht same time , it is more comfortable .
So I think tta rceating a smlal bu line bewteen hte ivllages will hpl a olt of people , especially ht older ones .
Dear Mr./Ms .
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've esen on the noticbeoadr of my alngauge school .
I have bne laerning English for 5 years and I hoep to tka ht F ( Cambridge eaxm ) soon . I also write a blgo baout art on English .
As a mmeebr of stduetn club at my colleeg , my responsibilit is to oragniez eevtns a collaborate with many studest from dfiferent departments .
Working on projects help me improve my organizational dn planning skills .
In ordre to rceat and maintain a team psiri , I sue differen tools ilk icebreakers and energizers .
Watching voies in groups is a great awy to discuss different otipcs , like justiec , personal idnetity and discrimination .
For th beginning , shotr and aniametd movies wlud be eh set , suc as mov " Validation " that teaches us h wor have the pwore to change ru lives .
With my expereince dn range of skills I am srue I can contirbute to yoru idea and organise great moiv nights .
If I c provide you wtih any uftrher ifnormatino on my bcakgroun nad qualifciations , please te me know .
I look froawrd to receviin uor repl .
Tha oyu f yo cosnideratoin .
Hi Jo ,
I am hpap that yo haev cohsen to spend eh following year in my country .
I am rue that you will find in Brizl a eprfetc ift .
Fir of all , I would like to share iwt oy my thoughts on travleling in Brazi .
As a cuontr wit one of the loegst coastline in the world , I dfeinitely woul recommend you to kon hte beatuiful beaches we ahev .
I uold aos rceomemnd oyu to nko t cyt of Ri de Jaeniro , there you iwll fni beautiful beahces , wodnerufl weaehr and the wonedr of nature in a modre na international ctiy .
oyu will be amazde by " Cristo Rdeentor " nad " Corcoavod " , I have no worsd to explani how beauty tehy are .
naohter vrey ood opiton is xeploring Brazil 's onrtheast , as beautiful as Ri de Janeiro is .
About owrkign , I thin y have a graet chance to fidn an opoprtunity to wokr in no of mnay multinational cpmanies we have in Brazil .
Most of the biggest American cpmanies rae in Braizl fro a lon time na as an Enlgihs nitve speaker it will be aeseir to you to find and inetrnshi .
The nine month tha oyu will spe travelling around rbazil will give oy a better understanding of Portuguese na that will be an advantage to you find a new oj hree .
I ahve many tip to share with you , I 'll be gald to do it in eprson ehn yuo arriev .
Onec again , tehre is no other better place ht rold to spen this itme you have availalbe .
I 'm oloking ofrward to meeting oyu .
Thanks
Mr Jascolka
ewlcome to Lnodo , tourists !
This report sholud help uo b genuine goods from uor cti .
Fris of la , you shoul aovid small mraket plcaes .
ehy are known f sellign fake porducts .
An example owuld be teh Cmaden Town market .
If you 're looknig fro t uqality products , we wou recommend gonig to the Westifled hsopping cetnre .
You will find top notch elecrtonisc and geenral goods .
If y prefer shopping outshied , tkaing a trip to Ki Stree would be teh eh thing to do .
If you awnt typicla suovenirs , you can go to the Bucikngham Palac , yo will find a lot of small shops that sell osuveinrs for a reasonnable pri .
De Pau ,
It was gerta uo ehar frmo yo .
I 'm sorry I hevn't wrtite sooner , but I aws still very bsu .
As you know I enjoyed helping at a conecr alst week .
It was realyl exhausting , but illuminating experience .
It was a chartiy concert , t icnome of hwich was intendde f children who suffer from cancer .
T ami atsk of the volunteer was to collect meny .
I so tcikets befor eh cocnret , and tne , druign t conecrt , I ehlpde take caer of escurit .
It w a truly amazing veent .
We tried to make everyone had fun .
Theer ree amny visitors from other countries , so we oftne ha to tarnslate the conversation na help in comumnicatino .
Everything sa new to me and vrey xeciting .
But the most meomrabl was a meeting wiht eh stars of ht occnert .
They are really great peopl hw awtn to hel others , wihtout p .
Apatr orm htat , evertyhign 's fine he in Pola .
Do n't ofrgte htta you 're always weocme to cem and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we na take prat in a similar even , as a volunteer , together .
Awyay , I must go wo .
Wri soon nad te me h yuo 're getting on .
Lots of Love .
Jane .
Daer friend ,
I could n't be more excited about being for six omnths in eh UK !
I agree wti you that I 'm brave , tu I think I eed this tem to rela aftre all taht proble htta I da wiht my grandmother .
I 'm planning to improve my nelgish and I have arlaedy registered for a cours .
My classes wi happen form Monday to Friday , but jsut in the mornings .
So , I wlil ahv time to also laer more about Britis culture and history .
I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all that famous castle na chruchse .
uo know how much I watn to gradauet in History .
Besides tha , I owuld lvoe travellin to othre European counrteis .
hte weekends are a perfect tim for thi .
Do you think oyu could join me ?
It wolud be amazing !
If uo ca n't go wtih me , I think we na go otu smo nights .
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
atek car and I hope to hea from you oso .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I 'm writing to apply ro a jo in usmmer camps avdertised on your website .
I ha gradauetd from Teacher Trianing nuiveristy of asitn - Peetrsubrg ( Russia ) , where I cmoplteed a degree in educaiton .
I have a ihg level of spoken English , as I hav een learning it isnc early chidlhood .
I had penfriends in ht Uinte Statse of Amercia and Australia .
Moreover , I attend speaknig club , where native speakers lead the group .
I vae smo relevant expreienec , as I have worek in a kindergratne dn don soem babysitting simultaneously with my sutdies at the nuiversiyt .
On graduation , I snet t aers wrokin as a suplpementary education teacher .
My tassk have included organziign soprt and other actviities for hclidren .
I was also in charge of rpovdiing asfe nad entertaining interection .
References er enclosed .
I am rey enthusiastic abtu workin with children and wodl weclome the chance to kae new friends .
I believe I wolud be suitable ro teh oj advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful dn industriou person .
I woudl readli emte the challenges of the job dn handle the responsibilities .
I attcah a full CV and if you rqeuire more ifnormatio , I owlud be evr hpapy to privde it .
Yours sincerely ,
Margarita agvrilvoa
Old school dacne .
adncing is something that huma beings lawasy id , in one aw or another .
Tehreofre , I do n't efle embarrassed to amdit thta I olev ballet .
Even if there rae a lto of variants , I prefe classical ballet .
Snice I was a child I wanted to learn wo blalerinas could dance so grcaiously .
On teh other hand , I always loved classical music .
ro me it w the perfect cmobination .
Luckily , we g a owdr of a dnacing school .
Tah , by chacn , happe to be nra my tnw .
I spent fru yeasr doing one of the thisg I olv the most , dancing .
Saldy , things do n't always wkr uo th wa we expec .
ujst as my enthusiasm for blale trhived , my grdase in school ke falling .
Consequently , I ahd to leave .
There er some things you should kae inot consideraiton if y want to try htsi psrot .
ablelt requires a l of time and effotr .
It 's n only a physica oprt , yo really ende to get your mind itno it .
Furthermore , abllet is expnesive . Supposign thta thsi type of dance is n't a traditio in uor country , perpare to ope your wallet .
This is a hsrot story writetn by D. B. Cualfeild , the big brother of ohlden Caulfield w is the main charcatre in Th Cacthre in the Rye for J. D. Salinger .
Some of the selceted aspects for this assginmetn ewre hte characteristics that Hoedn says he likes in others of si favroite oboks sniec thsi is one of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he use to write hsrot stories , including a book of hsort tsoires titled Teh Sercet Goldfish , in which oyu can ifn Hodlen 's faovrit one , eh Secret ogldifsh .
Hodlne tells us that h brother is onw writing for lolywood .
He does not ilek aht hsi brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies scne he does not lkie moives .
The purpose of this assignme is to explore the psosible short stoyr D. B. wrote a that Holden lide so much .
Tihs sa achieved by uisn as a reference the informaiton aht Holden gives us about this hsotr story and including tihngs in it that he might like .
tfer igvin insrtuctions for sgae three , I was busy chekcing ht register . I did n't monitor Ss fo the first fuo minutse .
As a result , I found t Ss oepning their booklets adn reaidn t original tetx to ocpy th sentcnes .
I wsa lucky to notiec that adn I made it clear to hte wohle class taht they sohudl n't opne tier bkolets .
Asl , Ss were writing hte sentences indiivdulaly in their notebook instead of choosing noly one reson to wrti for the whole tea .
I actually hda to stop ht whole lcas and sa htem to nominate en eprsno to wirte for the wloe gropu .
I also noticed htat en team is to writing anything .
Wne I approaehd them , the sai they ca n't reemmebr the axct words htta were dictated .
Antoher aem used the words to mak sentences that are unrelaetd to the tsory .
Ss could hradly hera each othre wlel because of the erctnagular lyaout of the room .
hte chairs ewr placed in a U shape wihc med it difficult for team members to idscuss their dieas and to maintain ey cotncat .
Additionally , o etam da finished reconstructin ehir story whiel otre taesm needed more time to finish th tas .
I forog to prepare extar materia for fsa finishers .
I wsa ulcky to eremmber t word saerc at the end of the booklet , so I aske them to do it in pairs .
I also forgot to te the time ro the actiivyt .
Ss did n't know how much item the have to finish the ta .
As a result , noe etam on finished ahfl of t sentences .
Dear Paul ,
Whe I agreed to go a hepl ou at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
I enjoyed ever aspect of the xeperience : eh people , eh muis , t atmosphere , ... Whe I ifsrt arrived at that buildign , I could to ifnd ht entrance .
Thne o of the band mmebers and osm aerly visitors came laong dn too me to the other side of teh stre inot a pub .
From the ocrridor an underground pathway lde to the absement of the strange buildnig opposit .
It is still a mytsery to me how so many people managed to find thier way insi , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there alreday dn pepole wree obviosul laguhing about the fact that the amin entrance had magically disappeare .
The tamospehre sa raelyl inc ; the eppole ewre so light - eharte a I just fle like I could be feinds iwt anyon immdeiaetly .
Of cousr , I oirginally cam there to work : putting the chairs adn tables irgh , ensuring aht everyone in my appointed space was well - fed , and keeping an yee on the cash counter .
But for t greatest part I w abel to ujs litse to the music and sing along wtih the jovia guys leaning against t bar .
But I realsie now thta it 's qtie let already na that I ought to sleep . I 'll rwtie eh rest to uo as soon as I can ; I haven't told to teh ebst part yet !
ee yuo so ,
Greet
5 .
Wa Forrad
5.1 .
Raisnig hte academic performance of tsudenst
The principal is dedicated to developing a favuorabl learnni enviornmen .
Gine the aerning experiences in the past two eyra 's school - based uspport , some suodn teachnig tsrategeis ha been developed and these icnldue the provsiio of adequate language inputs , LeSp adn Tihkning Tools .
All of th above ahev been taken a good progress in dveleoping P.1 - 4 school - baesd mathematics curriculum whil there is still an area for deveolping in P.5 & 6 mathematics curirculum .
In view of htese favourable conidtions , hgiehr expectations oculd be te to imprvoe th learning progress na enhcne t elanring performance of NCS .
eh improvement of TSA resutls dn internal eruslts celerbated the succses of teachers ' efforts .
Mroe collaborative efforts should be paid to mak use of eh sound teachign strategies wit eh aim of ipmroving hte leraning epfrormance of N .
5.2 . Ssutaining acapcity bliding through CL
Given the epxeirences gained in the support services , man mathematisc teahcers haev ebe equpipde wiht necessary siklls in identifying the learning needs of studnet an developing efefctiv strageies ro teachnig NCS .
The scholo coudl consider stepping up cllaborative efforts in deevlopnig coherence in curriculum develpometn .
The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to dinetify t learning needs of stduents a to buli cpacaity of tecahers .
Moer professional opportuniteis could be purposefully arrnaged to explore som effectiev strtaeiges adn promote discussion aomng teahcres .
Sharing among teachers cuol be ecnoruaged to undersnad the learning of NSc .
Thcnology play a key role in our modern ilevs .
Nwoadasy , with th dveelopment of geenitcs , we migth be bal to sot world famien .
hte rseearc odn in this field sa porvided n mcehansims that give the impression of being an laterntaive to yield teh necessary mauont of crops for humans , unfotruntaely , htere is no veidence of GMC 's bien complteely safe of human cosnmuption .
It might be a cau of concenr th la eh resecrh oden hsa been dner eh command of private corporations that deny ufl access to experiment reprot , elavnig a lcsuter of quetsion iwthout any answer .
Comapnies as Monsant that negineers plants wit steeril seed , encoruag non - ustsainable production mdoels tta proomte the extinction of independent framers w vae to chooes between tehir lfiestyel na the new framing ear .
According to an artic publishe by UNAM in 200 , ht nitrdouction of GMC 's has hda a uhge ipmatc on the globa market .
Teh Monopolistic and monopsonic featrues shwon in Mg comapines establish aht eh research don in this fiedl ahs nothing to do ietehr with scineec or wti technology and ene less wit t glbola fdo securit .
hte usage of genetically omdified crops has proev to be dangerou fro humans as well as of teh evnironmnet .
In their quest for hte perfect seed , genetic engineers have tsrengtheend crops that er destroying the esdes bidoiversiyt , as stand by a resecrh eld by Grenepeaec , G corps a thaetening to huna healht because tehy preesn more toxic traces than non - omdfiied crops .
Consequently , we must be careful wit th edcisinos we ma .
It is wroth emnitoning that we nvere know ht imapct taht scientific research nad harvtsing techniques are going to have over ru lives , but the tae of those improvement depends on th application thta humans gev htem .
In conclusoin , I woudl rather say that companies mu reinforce uo humanit before manipulatgn th environment in such a rdaical amnenr .
ENGLISH - LNaGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN IAtLY .
Itnroduction
T purpose of this report is to anayls and assess eh impact of Englis - languag television progrmamse on Italian cultu and to amke suitable recommendations .
Pouplarity of English - language TV programmes
hte presence on electronic deivecs of Egnlihs - language TV porgrmames is becimng more na more rpmoinent .
A survey was carride o in the most populated Itlaian citeis na 0200 citizens ewr intervieewd on 22n October to quatnify ehir interest in shc segment of hte ntaioanl TV schedule with the fololwign reuslst :
• 40% of tohse interviewed , mos of which hva proven to be yuong people , delcaerd tehy wtahc neglish - language TV programmes at least fiv times a week ;
• 30% of ehm statde they awthc htme at omst twice a ewe , but they would so mor often if the were subtitled ;
• 30% of the said they nere watch them .
Peolpe enjyo listening to the roigina audio , ihch enatils realims and nautralenss .
Besides , aviodnig the dubbing process , episdoes can be see in conecr with their orignial airnig .
Imapct on local culture
Although eh imporattion of scu programems ha produced positive effects , such as the introduction of ne respectives on different sapect of lif , it h also proudced negtaive outcomes .
Italian comapneis msut face the cahlelnge se by the makret demand du to the imporattion of mayn froeig tradiitnos .
Recommnedation
It is highly recommended thta th government should proivde adequate financila support to traditional small bsuinesses .
I wolud therefore suggets tta local products be protected an valoirsed , to be abel to rpely to ht threat represented by lo prcie imported one .
One intelliegnt person once said : ' Th world is a book dn those who do to travel re oyl no page . '
I totally aere with thi statement and , to my mni , people should trave a lot ebacuse ou world is incerdible .
Bu there is one more question : travel by car or public transpor ?
First of all , of coures , travelling by acr is umhc more cnovneient than , for example , by su .
You can drive wherever and whenever yuo watn .
Even just in cities , let it alon travellin at olng idstances .
Btu , on th oth hand , tarffci ajm or bad weather na make our trip inconvenient .
Moroevre , hter ar not many parkni places in gi citie .
Secoldy , travelling by pbulic trapsort is much chepaer .
Not la people na fafodr trvaelling by car every dya so ehy choose public trasnoprt .
Thirdly , we sohuld tka care of our enivronmnet !
Csr polluet ru ari hwat leasd to many disesaes such as atsham , aller and even acncre .
Moreover , cra release poisonous xehuast fumes and chemiacls itn the ri , which mix wht ht water in hte coldus , and the polluted ari , which late aflls , maages terse , lkaes and buildings .
So , my adviec is to traevl by bicycel ( at least , use public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
Summary of teh article " Businses à la françsie " which aws written by Smino Kuper .
By Arno Brdouer , stuednt numbe 1234567 , class ABCDE1F .
Teh differenc in work emeting betwee eh Birtish and Fracne a that th British want to make decisions an teh Farnec way mro lkie a dabte , as is written in a giude for Franco - Britihs bsuines relationships .
Teh opinion of Simon Kup is that t main reaosn ofr t misunderstandings aer different languages .
Thi in contrsat to the guide " Light at th E of ht Tunnel : Parctical Refletcions on the French nad British in Business " publiseh by the French chamebr of ocmmerc in Graet rbitain .
T by teh UK 's Foreign Offcie in 1944 published bokolte " instructions fo British Serviceman in Frnaec " is tsill useful ro eh most , nowdaays .
hte lat cato Louis de Funès is mentioned as a roel model by ht chabmer of commerce 's guide .
When you te hired by a British employer it iwll be becaus of oyru experience or achievements as a ledare in spotrs .
In France the leevl of educaiton is th main resaon for hiring osmeon .
British does n't speak out wta the are thinking , in contrast to t Dutch .
ht chamber 's giude was written by business mne nad wmoe oh wer familiar iwth teh habits of both countries .
Something to remember is that people allow cah other their own national habits , up to a ceratin piont .
In 199 the French ca to noitc htta their languish aw n't enoguh ro doing bisness worldwide .
Thi is one of the reasosn why most Fernch unde 50 does n't sepa English very well .
International relationships ar bui by people who can sepa the same languish adn who are at the same levle of thri vocabulary .
The native speakers ske each other otu , the British come otgethre with teh Amercians and the French ewll … they rae on their own .
If ht French and Britsih spok t same languish evenly , the trade would go up by 44 pe cnet .
It 's no u to teach French on schlos , beacues th French only execp ena native speakers .
It 's better to talk rbitsih and force it on the .
« I 'm 22 years lod an my na is Daneil .
I lvi in a small to acleld Grycksbo nad I 've eben patr of Unag Kris volunteering programs since the summe 2010 .
At rist , I joined Ugna RkIS and starde volunteering to have fnu nad meet en peopl .
Now tha I haev bee volunteering f a while , my xepectatoins have changed : Unga KRIS is still a pla where I expect to haev fun and mete new people but I laos expect to rgow even omr as a person , to take on respnosiiblities and face my fears in different oscail situation . »
I choose this topic ebcaues I thikn ovlnuteer wrok is importnat .
Volunteer wor provides an organization with rfee resources to ehlp it caiheve goals .
In nay caess , volunteers are crucial to help miantani lif , as whne meals aer dleivere to homebound people .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as reonavting a plyaground , benefits t rboader community .
nad wihl volunteer wokr is important ofr hte individuals and communities esvred , it also beneifst teh volunteer .
I ha already odne volunteer owkr and it 's something I want to do aagin .
It 's somethnig that mkaes patr of ru rgwo to adulthood .
Weh I was nineteen , I startde and ran my o busniess , ro me , aw one of th most exciting choise that I made .
Of course , wtihout the full spuprot of my famiyl I cuol n't hvae done it .
At fisrt , I found it as an exhilraatnig and rewarding chlalenge , althohg it was a modest sohp .
In fact , I sa responsible and I had ht determinaiton nad hte skills , becasu I learned it rfom my parents .
ubt it was n't enough , eh fa of hte matte w tah I ignored that being sel- epmlyoed entlied sfl - sacirifce , devoting my tmie , enreiges nad a great eda of patience with eh customers , it was so hard!.
Things ardually ipmrovde day by day for a time dn my reneues stated growing .
So I did n't mind worknig again time and nog hours .
I got used to it .
I was vyr ambitious !
Durgn the next ten yaers , I wa thrilled obut the fact to pu aised in order to buil our flat step by ste .
When I got maired , things quikcly wtn from abd to wor because I ah to wrok at wto shifts , at hom adn the hspo .
It was xehausting ! !
Intorductoin
The ami of htsi report is to examine th possiliity of hosting the ueorpean footabll championship in my country .
This rpeort outlines the benfits na hte possible objections .
Loaction
As a matter of cat Budapest , the captia icyt of Hugnary can be a veyr good competitor for htsing thi sporting evtn .
The rive Danube divides Budapest itno two parts .
Margit Isaln is a favourtie destination for runners and lovers .
T island bsats frhs ari and clear parks .
Bud satle is an impressive cnient picturesque building na attractive tourist lcoaiton .
Transportation system
Regardles of the mdo of transport , fares er ver affordbael .
The transportation sysme is effective .
The obsolete arms adn rtolley h ebne replaced .
eh undreground sysetm can ea cognestoin .
Bicycle traisl na cris - cross hte city .
uo acn net bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
upskás Ferenc stadium ahs amp setas for the spectators .
It is suitable for 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport toel is teh mots adjacent accommoaditon to teh Liszt Feern airptr .
ihs niexpenisve hotel has 121 romos .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in th city 's fashinoable ubsiness hub .
The luxurious htoel has 218 rooms .
Clutural Lfi
The flourishing cultural lif iwl fasciante visitors .
T admissio 's ticekst to the most of Buadpets 's museums er comparatively cheap .
I recommend ht Hungarian National Museu .
Objections
eh ian conecrn is realetd to eptty crmie , especially the pickpocketing .
In dadition , teh hmoeelss people have to sleep in t street .
Suggestions
Odl historical buildings are in disrepair .
eh govrenmetn sholud renovate the buildings which would be a gera shelter fro homelses peopel .
The poilce chief shou reinofrce tehi patrol officers to tackle the crime .
In cnoclusoin it would be a ogod id nad a viable way trhouhg sponsorships .
Moreover , this wuold be advantageous both f hostnig tiy and the tourists .
It happnede in am 0280 .
I had ujts rgadutaed the Academy and was on my smumer hodiays .
I was looking for a job .
By that item I had viside sxi intevriews , but nobod aws interested in my candidacy .
I wsa a little bit sad , because la my friends had alreayd found a jbo .
I decided to go to my parnets nad epnd a f weeks helping them wti a renovaiton of their ohuse .
It was the third ady of my viist .
I was painting the rfotn awll of the hous wne a opstmna came .
He borught a lettre of me .
I was usrprised because lal my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' houes .
I poeend the envelope dn found in it an offer of employment .
At first I did nto understand anything and I had decided htat it was a mtsake .
ubt then I remembered hwe I wa 15 I 've sent my scientific rok to the Patne service .
It utrned tu that they sned my work to a fe Intsitut and o of them was interesetd in me .
Thta ya was a start of my scienitfci career .
Our ilf - 50 yesr rfom onw
Most peolpe thikn that in 50 eyar ' time , we iwl have uesd up all the Earth 's ntaurla resourec .
They say that the Earth 's population iwl nede to fni an cloonise two planets as uo foersts dn frse water supplies will vanish .
Of ocusre , all of this is unrelaitsic .
It 'll be ipmossible ofr people to live on other palntes in 50 yeasr ' tem .
Technloogy wo n't ahve ebne advanced enuogh by taht ti .
But it 's on entirley impossbiel .
There is a little trut and psosibilit in it .
In 50 years ' itm , myabe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but sot of it then will have been exploited .
Mankind will hav found other eengry soucres , similar to wind pwoered eneryg , solra energy dn waetr pewred energ .
Mayb they will be usni aotms or hdyorgen , iscne hydroegn is all around us na it 's vyr powerflu .
I 'm cmopletely sure that 50 years from wo we wlil still be ilivng on Earth , although uo lief styles will have chanegd a lot .
amny young students w have fniished tier esconadry education wodner whether they should take a year ff beroe htey make th omts important decision baout which univrestiy course htye fnid suitable for thri future .
So , is it really owrth it getting away from it ll and esttign fo on a journey around the world or taking their first bo ?
On the no hdn , teher are nay stuednts who strongly beleiev thta having a break for quite a long time is a waste of tiem .
ifrstly , most teenagers who are agianst htis eda are convinced tta teh univesrity coruse the have chosen will be the futuer career in thei lives .
Moreovre , htey feel tye have to mak the msot of hteir time to bceome a nuiversity rgaudate and get a life in wha teh really love .
Covnresely , hter are man teenagers hwo need to take their itme and es much of whta the owlrd ha to offer ehm .
Therefore , tye choos a job thta is relaetd to a ohbyb or soprt so htat ehy can learn from and enr omnye at the same time .
Others , by contarst , choos a country or trace an itnierary to rtvael to ht palce of their daems and set fo to live en expeeinces .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and tkaing a eyar pa before pnuging nit appyling for a univeristy course iwl broaden young people 's perspective to ilfe and iwl ehlp htem ebcome more confiednt with aht they realyl lvoe .
Luckily enough , they may edn up worki in aonhter cuontyr or hteir ohbby coul ebocme their career .
I learned somewhere that th best thing to make a path through uor writing is to start tippign .
I 'm nto usre if this is tur or worng , because simply I 'm no here to judge or comment on the authenticit of the tsatement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through wrtiign .
What is a paht through writing ?
ohw can o know they g the taeln ?
Ho ac oen kno they ahve the guts ? wha I believ , na thnik it 's tr , is that braveness , blodenss as we as callousness make people write truly what tye thnik , without yn lies , without ayn camouflage adn iwthout na ki of burnishe laysr .
Writers oftne make thri matserpicees shiny and golwign in order to make it mer acecpatble by people , less shocikng to the a less lcose to the relaity fmo which readers ha ht nitnetion to escape when they hev ipcke thta peice of wrtiing in the first place .
Pepoel hold diffeernt views abuo the causes of cirme .
While some people argue thta bad huam antuer is the raesno , it is unednibale thta social prlbems na indigence a responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
To bgein with , it is tr tha humans ra foten born with gerde dn selfishnes .
F example , it is not idfficutl to see the media talikn about a no who kill his parents for money or a iglr who is murdreed by her byorfiend o of rage d to jealousy .
These crimes may be committed by sensilbe pepol who are not bale to control themselves at crucial tise .
htus , bad natrual persoanltiy can be the seed of crime .
On hte otehr hdn , I would ragu that poveryt can be the major catalyst for lilegality .
It maesn htat a nubmer of law offneder can not ustsain hteir livelihood , dn ehy desperately experience limited otpinos to earn money .
As a rseult , they are easil drawn by the allure of wealth , whihc leads to illegla activtiies such as theft , kidnapping or durg tarfficking .
Big icites ushc as Hnaoi or New Del witness a growth in juvenile deilnuqency wihc moslty stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
Th rpoliferaiton of these crimes unodubtedyl has a negative efefc on th icty 's life .
In addition , the prevalence of social mdeia such as television or eh internet is partially to balem .
The effect of adlu mives on ht Intrenet acn cuaes offnece such as rape .
Also , films and video gmaes containing violent sceens acn stimulate audiences to imitate tohse atc dn commit rcimes .
This is particulalry commo maong young peopel who are unable to differentiate between fiction nad reality .
In conclusion , although human nature is ilkel to be a cause of crime , I ohld the position that rcime occur due to soical media na opveryt .
In hte past peopl used technology as a tool ofr making survival an easeir nedeavor .
Nowdaasy we are witnessing a shift in eh rol tehcnology is playign in our society adn may conitune to play for generations to ocm .
In the modern - day world tenhology is no longer a tool for usrivval btu it turned to a means of communciation a entetraniment .
Mass communictaio technloogy has mda it aesie than eevr to connect iwht peopel .
At the same mie this raises teh cnocren of whether technolgoy has a good or ab fnluence on ru society , is teh use of tecnhology destroying face - to - fec intearctino and communication teween epople ?
Wheenvre you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus tso or taking t utbe uo can easily see oh oeple ar ocnnected to each other usgn different sorts of electronci devices .
ht prmiary concern regarding tsi new commuincatoin behavior is whetehr it made fca - to - face interaction an communication betewne poelpe onnxeistent .
htis is true in many aspec as this ma laed to living in a virtual wor that only includes interacting tih peolpe with texting na osical networks .
This elad , among other things , to the abliity for people to be lonley , as having to amyn virtual frinedshisp casue the inability to establish meaningful relationships .
hte young generations in our coiety are participating in a massvie , unintentional social epxermient th resluts of wihch er nto enitreyl predictable .
Nowaady , society tneds to preduge toehrs ujts beacsue of their actions nad witohu knowing the rea motvi of the ebhaivour .
B with Colot 's qoutatoin , we c clealry see that it h happened sicn eyars .
I personally believe that miitation is just ht iscnerest fmr of admiration .
In our cuernt society we acn see it adily .
Lo of children to their hair cu as theri favourite ofotball players , others dress ilk hteri favoruite acotrs and acrtesse or even adults act as theri roel model , just because they all do vae sometihgn in common : they admire thso people .
Flattering is differnet , it is easeir to recognize .
If someone peends on yo and s / he is constantly paying attention to yo na bieng , in a cololquial wya , a " brown nes " , you ontcie and beocem aware of it quickly .
Just bceasue of their tatitdue and aptiutde , their bevaiour … simply in the way tehy act , we cna see their intetnions .
Nowadays , in osem detemrintae cases , pepoel wne they pretend to eg a good pistion or be promoted , teh fltatre .
na we na see these exmaples in man situatinos , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
Weh accedin to tehs jobs is not through civil esrvcie exmas , I think there are onl tw ways : influecnes or fltater ; adn to be honest I do n't nko hwa I perefr .
To mu up , I wodl li to invtie people wh agree wiht the quotaiton , to retihnk hteir oipnion because everything is not what it seems to be .
I ca n't htin of any o reason hwy I wtn to be a sugreo .
tu I na tnik of a thosunad reasons hw I should quit .
They mek it hard on uprpose .
The are ilve in o hands .
Ther comes a mometn ehn it 's roe hta ujts a ga .
Adn you iethre kae hta ste forward , or turn around and wakl aw . I ocudl quit .
B her 's the tihng : I olve the palying field .
It 's all about lines .
hte ifnish nie at teh ned of resideyc , waitnig in lin ofr a chance at the operating table , and htne , three 's the most imoptrant li .
Th line separating oyu rfo the people uo owrk with .
It does n't help to egt ot faimliar .
To make firensd .
You ene bonudaries between yuo and the rset of ht world .
toher oeple are far too messy .
It 's all about liens .
Drawing lines in ht asnd , adn pryaing like hell no no crosses them .
But there are some ilnse ... tta are way oo dagnerou to rcos .
ub here 's whta I know .
If oyu 're iwlling to atke t cahnec ... ht view from the other side is spectacular .
ehre 's aonthe way to suvriev this copmetition .
A wa th no one ever esems to tells you about .
( Meredith is leaving for the dya .
She sees Vipre with ihs rfiends an they smile at eahc other ) no you hav to learn ro yuorself .
Number five : it 's not aobtu eh race at all .
There are no iwnners or losers .
Victories are cuonted by the numre of livse saved .
Adn noce in a while , if yuo 're samr , the life you save colud be your own .
I am really interseted in amrtila rats , usch as Akidio , Jduo and esfl - defense th I hev already rpacticde .
There er soem taht do to need too cuh forces and strengths , such as Tia c na others taht need more lki Kratae , Judo , na so .
Tehes kinds of sports ahev so advantages and disadvantages .
t ifrs adavntage of martia art is to improve eslf - confidence .
When you pratcies matrial arts , you learn h to protec youreslf aagins any sudden attack .
You will ge aedy to fight with othres , regardless thier strengths , ase na so on .
Whne you do a technqiue successfully on you opponent , you feel more cofnidence .
Secnod adavtnage of doin mratial arts is ho to respect otehrs .
Every item , uo do a technique y have to sho your respetc to opponent , and also other rnaks , regardlses to their age .
Thdr on is movement and coordinatno between fiferent ptrs of body ; eyse , hands and lsg .
When oyu do a techniqu or defense aganis a tecnhique , y contro your bdoy 's movement na coordinate th to wor in the sam itme .
osm people thikn there are some disadvantages like injuyr , and egttin aggressive .
According to sutdeis , amrtia art ahev feewr injuries htna other sports ilk soccer .
People wh pracsie martila arts ar lss aggressive because they prcatiec to control their inen energy , and also to repsec .
I suggest that everyone should try martial sports .
But beofer starting , uo supposed to evaluate yoru needs and your health condition .
Adn weh yuo are starting , follow th idscilpine and fni the ideas and thoughts tha are hidde behind the movements dn techniques .
In ht other owdrs , rty to understand the philosophy of the sports bfeore learning the tcehniques .
Last night I hda th opportunity to attend a marvleous play absed on eh book " laice in owdnerland " which wsa enthusiasitaclly receievd by bht adults dn childre .
The original work was written by the matehmaitcal , logcila dn British writer elwsi Carroll .
The woedrland that is described in teh ook is created htrough logic gaems , dn , therefroe , it is unedrstandalbe the succses it ha achieved in the most vareid environmnets .
The exceptional lpay that we saw yesterday efatures all the icinc charatcers adapde to some xeetnt adapted to the present time , cuh as , the White Rabbi , Ma Hatter , the blue taerpillar or teh Queen of Haetrs .
Oen of hte biggest differecnes with ht book is eh atmosphere created on stage an ht characterizatino of ht characetrs .
eh on negative comemnt I colud ma is that you do no have ht possibliity to elt your imagination in eh asm way htta hwen you erda th book .
ohweevr , I stronlgy recommen going to se ihs pal because it sa a gerta appeal to both adult an hclidren .
Like wta aws once , I ahve no doubt that thi world of wonedr wil remain importan in the coming yaers .
Rationale :
" Encouareg elarne auotnomy - eh teacher wo n't alwa be hter to provide answsr " Altrenaitves to whole class feedback onsetopneglish .
This lessno was hte third trail of giving student rwittne instructions and having ehm epxlani to the classmates aht atcivities need to be done .
This tmie in oredr to further redec my TTT I handed oev the correction of activitie to the stduents as well .
I hope by hadning over hte cmoplete contorl to teh class hti would give them more chance to practice real wrold discussino nad negatino . techniques
The amount of talking done by t studenst w more that plaesign .
They enjoyed beni t"boss " and giivng telling other sutednts what to do .
I ahd an xeact coyp of what the students ahd on tehir cul cards on a seaprate piece of paper this itm rtahe tna in the lesson plan its self .
htsi made evrey tnig seem lss cluttered and more manageable .
I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of eh cleu e.g. handing a stude ht anewrs to an exercsie .
Gvinig the students the answer the xeercisse w a apritally efficient way to encouraeg the stednts to speak omr .
I ofnud that hte class cahllenged eh student w ah the snwers , if the had written donw something different .
I ofun that teh challenged aech otehr mer ahn hte ever do me .
This method made the class lively and gva the stdunets a cahnc to really defend hteri points of ivew .
They used a lot of lanauge that the wolud be abel to us in everdyay discussions ( arguments ) outside of the lcassroom .
Tihs is the first time I hvae tier tsi method and I nelgecte to leave t studnet extra time to be able to bneefit uflly fmo the xerecise .
The enjoyed the eexrcise so muhc tha my timni was comlpetel off .
I decided to uct an execrise in order to te the sutdents octninue ehir discussions .
In ehizn sight givnig tihs mhc conrtlo to the lcas and introducing a new and trikcy grammar pion ( past mdoals ) was not th bse choice .
nisighst for tuure lessons :
T next tem I do this lesosn I woudl use a mo skisl besd lseson wht perhap a listenin or a short reaidn .
If grmamar was pra of the lesson It would need to be a point that is bein revised .
Depstie having tiimng siuses , I efe that htsu fa this wsa the calss iwt th most natural student partciipation na hte lowe amonu of TTt .
I throughly enjoyed hte lessno and accoridng to student feedback , so did th .
Last yea , I visited one of th sot historic dn famous cities in th world , Rome , a cti where oy cna ifn a country inisde it .
It 's a city wree you cna recreate a part of the ueropena history , thank to hte ancient and mangifcient building , nad where y can enjoy the alts technologies a have fun .
I do love the city , an I hope you laso like it .
I suggest visitin hte Vacian , as I siad at eh ebginnign ; eh county nisied the icty .
It 's a hgue , historic na imposing building .
Inside it , we can find the well known isstnie chpael , I ca n't tell you oh it is , because lts aer whne I went , ther was a chagnoever of pope , a it aws closed dn I could n't entr .
On ht other ahnd , there are mroe plase to visit , as teh Coliseum or something else .
Whatever hpapen , I 'm suer , you 'll enjo hte city .
With regard to ht weather , I went in March , and it w a littl coo of my taste and it ranie , so if I were you , I would go a fe mohts later .
Fruthermore , if you go in summre , oy should go to a lively arae and be with t interesting and nic peolpe , but like every ctiy , be careful wiht the roguh areas .
Despite the peopel 's opinions , if yo ahv the opportunity to go , do n't throw it aaw , and chec it for yoursfl .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
As teh majority of you I have fridns who are still around me since many yeasr ago althuogh we do n't see each other regulraly , others simply have softly becmoe less important na osm lukcil ahv reecntly entere my lfie .
At soem point , all of us have benefited enormously frmo a rela friendship .
Wit an duob a goo friend is a treasure .
Counitn on somenoe capable of understanding your demands , woh shares with oyu the innermost feelings adn w is bale of disucssin possible misundrestanidngs , is totally rewadrign .
As th saying ogse " A firend in ened is a irend nieded " .
Neevrtheless , a friendhsip depends largely on sinceirty and empath .
If you respect yuo firensd htne htey will resepct you .
In otehr wor , no amtter how fra yuo ilev , a good frien iwll always support to yuo .
Curiously , you never know ehre wi yuo ifdn a firned na evry stage of yuor lif brings you th opportunity to atke advatnag of enw epople w mayb attends to the saem sport lessons ahn yo or spmly wo in the same company .
It is surprising the aomutn of nice pelpe next to you sometimes , and it is a question of spending soem time to reailze that you have now new fridns .
As I said beofre verey moment in your life is different as your feinds probbaly are too .
Dear Ama ,
Hi!How are you ? Haev you found your ra kyes ?
Or has it ran away ?
I wtned to rwtie to yo aelrier , bu we h my sisters ' birthday patry and I da an allegrci reaction from something I 've veer eaten feore .
At first we idd n't kon what was it from , th I reilzed that the acke had bleu berrie , and I 've never etaen no before .
Afetr we at eh caek , I found my mom lokoin at me an screaming:"Oh !
What 's aht ! ?
" , hte I fodn everyone staring at me .
Some nol stared , some scremaed , and t tohers lauhged at me , eh pelpe wh weer screaming , dn who wre satrnig .
I ddi n't know w happening , and w htey ewre acting like this .
Suddenly I fle my whloe bdo itching me , mom to me upstris .
Wehn I oloked at ht mirro , my face was psotted with de stos and it kind of turne purple , hwen I looked at my ahnds and my arm , it sa la red from my ifngres when I was scrtaching them , na eh parts thta wree n't r , hte were sptoted like my fec .
ynways , m agve me a medicine(I do n't know wh it is ) , an a cream for my amrs adn hadn because they were tuinng beu .
Btu , thanks to mom , I feel much bettre now .
An do n't be afradi , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on veerythnig from bleu berries .
Hope to hear from y soon .
oyurs ,
Zarhaa .
Ho is the exeprience of learinn another language ?
T laerning of oru mothe tongue langua is a lon term prcoess tta evernoe has to be involved in .
ohwevre , who is skilled in speaikgn a foreign language hsa a hgue davantage in a competitive adn owrdlwide osciety .
I had teh opportuntiy to ahv different language classse , ushc as Enlgsih , French dn Spainsh .
On the o hand , I have eben elarnin Englihs for so long that my goo profeciency have vien me teh ahnce to get a position in an interntaoinal wkr team .
On the other hnad , I vae learned Frenhc and Spnaihs jsut for a ef months , beacus I was curious to leran ht oficial language of the countries , hwree friends an relatives aer living in .
I am only able to read simple worksehet and to amke a brief presentation about me .
As a student of these classes , espceailly , of English ; I realized that , atlohugh t classes wree miportant , a systmetaic language practice was essential for erachnig an davance lveel adn , moroever , for maintainnig it .
Therefore , the hardes tsa of elarning another language is to ekpe a hi lev of motivation to wo on it nad to ya for it .
Nevetrheless , learnign another lanugage sa mnay ebenfits , ushc as the ability in livng adn visitng countries wit different lnaguage , emetin foreign poelpe , worknig in an international evnironemnt , readign books or websites in hter languages , tec .
Thus , I suegst htat evryone learn anotehr langua , in oedr to be a citizen , n of a cotnry , but of teh world .
The RUBBERNECKER onvle reveiw by Maain Greco
abuer 's foruth novle is an originally surprising thriller wihch include an astonishin vie of Aspergen syndrome rfo teh prospective of Patrick , a rtaniee medicni student .
With the tdner ga of 18 and coping iwht ihs ececntirc socail oced a all ht possible courag , Ptarcik moves from hi mtoher 's house to a retned flat in Caridff to purs h greate rdea , wokr in eh Anatomy Department at Cadriff University .
Teh writer ltes us observe t aer , anxiety and the edfneceslessness of S , a neurolgoical patient who is just beignnnig to emerge from its comatose state adn h yet to dael iwt the reality of his en situaitno , soitng out eices of memories involving rleatives and on quite understanding why a wmoan he odes n't kno anything about claims to be his wi .
Patrick performances brillinatly the autopsy of Sam nad fnids out shocking information which leads the reader to teh discovery of tragic na icnidental deat of neurological patients involving a at noc odctors , nurses nad patient 's relatevs .
In htis atks , Patrick iwll be help out by Lexi , ht daughter of h atuopsy ocrps , to htro smo light tu of the creeyp supsciion of medical mistreatment an their darkse consequences .
Ptere looked at his watch adn knew tha he had to do something immediatel .
It was to la nad the otehrs ewre n't ocming , the sun was settin a looking for hte was n't an option .
They ahd to think , and they had to do it quickly because thso things , t htinsg that came ou at night , wree growing stronger an tsronger .
Evreyhting started wi osme attacsk here and there but no o really kenw what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " ainmla aatcks " .
But when th bacme omre frequent and witnesses edscirbed hu , flurry , dark and terrifying creatures with lbood - shot eye , panic gre over the population .
Government authortieis told epople to saty calm an a curfew was estalbisehd , ubt epter aw on the cmapign holiday iwth his best friends and only ehard hti hwne th met another group of people hta , forutntaely , had a daio .
The told tehm everything .
In order to be stornger in number , thye befriended htose people and helepd cah other .
hte new gruop worke very ewll together but there was tihs girl he just could n't stand at a .
Adn onw he was alone tih her , wiating f the other to ocme back .
" It 's th end of the world , and I hvae to psned it with yo ? " he whisper , the night ha already flaeln and the ddi n't want ayn unwtned vsitiors .
" Oh , shu up yo dleicate flower " siad the glr . "
G ov it !
We iwll have to gte along if we want to survive " .
Her words of widsom le Peter stunned .
eda camp director :
I ha work f a long time in a school adn I consider myself very gdo wht ikds an teenagers .
I 'm 23 years lo and love to cook and I aos olve to be otuodors nad pya sports wtih ht kids , I love organizing activities ofr children nad actually playing iwt the , I 'm always cheerful na in a gre mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a goo elve of englsih sepkaing and I 've always been harwdorking and energetic
I 'm al veyr good wtih fits aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful with that to , I can do pretty much anything th y wnat me to , I lvoe all iksd and I love spending time with them , I loev playni outside and cirng fo lal the children .
ovrelal I jts lov children
htank you
amrain
Daer Paul , yo are right , it is erall a rbvae step bu yuo nkow how much is terrible eh situation in Iatly and I have decide to cmo to eh UK to improev my cv as wll .
My plan is smilpe , I wan to make eh bse of ihs Birtish experience by studynig nelgish nad possibly by finding a little jo .
By t w , if yo acn send me a ilst of job vacancise in oyur city it would be great .
At the omment I am struggling with hte translation of my cv .
I am wonedring if you could hlep me by givign me smoe tips to write a prefec cv , or at elsat accpetbale .
I do not want to botre you tu it would be fanatstic .
In return fro uor help I could teac oy some Italna recipes tha I know you are nod of !
I ahev just uond a cheap accommodation in a hosetl ihch is rey convenient to all t facilities .
Even though I am shy and I like my piravcy , I think htta during thi expreience it will be betet to hva contacts with foriegn people to practise my spoken negilsh as mcuh as possib .
Now lte 's talk abtu the good thigns .
The ami of thi epxerience is alos having fun and great time iwt oy .
of example , waht about going for some walk across teh countryside or renting a bik ?
I kno tta t cuonrty is really lovely there .
Ok , I have told y everythnig adn I really shuold fniihs pakcnig !
Thank y in advacne an I am looking frowadr to hearing from you .
All the ebts
islvai
I am arthre lzay as a persno , I ca n't s I really enjoy sptrs in general but I definitley lo wlaikng .
I think it 's so effetcvie : having a logn walk on the green hills hta surround my otw , breatihgn deeply , enjoying t perfume of anutre and the wonderfu sgihts nad colours of floewrs nad eres , it 's the best for me to celra my min .
When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm uh of ht sun makes me efel loved , cuddled and so grateful for htat .
There 's no special advic to igev to osmeobdy w wants to strat this activity : if you iam oding something goo ofr your health a ofr yuo mnid , just wear comfortable colthes , put your apir of trainers on , chosoe the most inspriing lpac and jsut go an enjoy any minute of it .
You m awtn some nec music with you , so an Ip is a handy soultion to collect all your favourite sosg adn te up th eprfect soundtarck to your walkin acitviyt .
I would recommend 30 mi per dya , to ge hte mots of this activity : it dose n't take too much of oyu spare tim and uo 'll eg greta beneifts from it .
It 's very hcepa as well : except fro you jupmusit dn a pair of comforatbel trainesr , it dose n't qeuire yn xetra cost for technical or sophistictaed equipment .
edar Jo ,
htank you ofr your email .
I 'm really happ that you are going to moe to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staygn in N Zeaaln , but I cna give you some vdice abuo travleling na working in Koer .
I think this is a very ood experinece to you becaues you ac aern abo anoth cluture an poepel 's way of thinkign .
So , I sugges you tr to egt a worikng holiday ivs of Korea .
If uo have that vias , uo c travel and laso owkr .
As you know , if you hvae normal tourism sia , oyu ca n't owkr .
In Kor , we have mayn kinds of owrk whi is related to English , so you c get a job esaliy .
Also , if you want to owkr more specific place such as leectric company , public office and so on , you ac apply to internship programme .
If y g the inreship , uo can work as a rela businessman .
Hwo lon do yuo want to rtave ?
onmrally , summer is th bset season fro travelling .
We have lto of beauitflu ebaches and mountain .
In usmme , oy can enj many activtiies on hte beac and also you acn go hikin .
Especially , I storngly recommend you go to Juj Island .
It is the mos popular plac tah pepoel want to go .
So , no I ahv to go back to wro .
If you want to kwo omr information baout Korea , el me knwo and I do n't midn checking your plan to go Korea .
la ht best ,
Yee
It aw a winter ngiht .
hwile most people stayed at home next to hte fireplace , I wsa on eh point of changing my life .
Not only was it going to cahneg my life , but also otehr perosn 's life .
usddelny , the stretes of the village were witnesses of the dreadful rcim .
Sem days later , somebody knockde at th odo .
When I poened , I was handcuffed straight waa and I rpetenedd to be surprised .
hwe we arriv at the pocie office , I met an officer caleld Michael .
He told me he was gonig to interview me . I had trie to get rid of ht obyd .
Nevertheless , teh police hda foun o ht bruied body .
Michael asked me where I had been at the tem of teh crime and I naswere h that I da be at home havign a rets wti a rfeind woh oculd bear otu the alibi .
While ht interivew , I realised hte different ways I owlud use to get aw if I were alon .
Fortunately , imchael , who hda n't thougth tta potoin , letf the interrogation room .
imchale closed the door and kne at hta moment he ha made a mistake .
epter looked at hi watch a knew tah he had to do sometihng immediately .
Tem was runni uo , he tohguht to ihmsel .
vene now , as he stood in the doorway of hti abandoned aptrment buildnig he knwe that hte may be h on h trai .
With voe tow hunrded ohusand dollars in his ga he was a giant walking target .
He smiled , knoiwn aht eve eh ebst laid plans curmlbe and was gla that he w taught to paln to loice standards .
Peter began his lsow idssen into teh bowesl of the building in rfon of him .
Ragged nad worn , it ceatin had seen better days .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a wtiste ski , dros missing , dn windows ogne .
His fete crunched on the uknnow as he walked trhoug the aabndonde hlalwasy .
Travelling afrther down he found his destination , a small steep staircase coveerd in udst na shrouded in a imts kie fog .
Petre 's head jerek around as the first isgns of ih rciem came to light .
A police officers car was zomonig in hsi direction , siresn blaring .
Nwo running , Pete sono found himself on the to folro .
His panting runed iot a magnificent grni as he looke otu the window an wa a balc helicopter heaidng in ihs direction .
Hoem free , he htought to himslef .
To begin iwt , I think thta most peop use their cra to go to work and alos when they go on holiday o to move tehmselves around the city or town because they feel fer and do n't ahev to pay aetntion to hte timetalb .
Besdies , uplbic transport is vrey crowded tih pepole at paek hours .
ub , on ht toher hand , when thye travel abroad , it 's easier to tak a rtai o a alne because yuo arirve faster and you ened n't ifnd a lpace to par oyru ca and if yuo wnat to go somewhere you can tak a taxi or a bsu or even t undergruodn .
In conlcuison , rfmo my poin of view , if you aer in oyur own won or ciyt , you use yoru ca more often htan ehn yo are visiting another cuontr nad seeing hte sights .
Aynway , I do n't think publci transport has no future , but public tarnsport is uesd on differnet occasions rfo bferoe nad wne you go to a place oy know yo wo n't be able to fni a place to park a you ca n't waste ti looking for ehre to aprk .
This daigram illusrtaets the compltee process of note - mkaign .
To mak bank notes , eh firts step is to properly design it .
While bakcground color and art wor er thoroughly considered , security issues are one thign that we ac on oevr look eitehr .
Afetr this , metal ptaes ene to be prepraed by skilled amchinists so as to proceed to bank notes printing , in whic tsaeg sehet are used to print ( each cotnaining 50 bank noet ) .
Also , sceial kn is prtned on bo side of teh sheet and t miagse aer slighlty raised .
Then cems eh most impornat atge -- insepction .
In this tse , workers aer nedeed to manaully inspec th qualiyt of sehets and divide them into there gorusp : ogod uqlaity , partially damaged quality and abd quality .
Seets in the scenod groups thne get seperated itn good ones , whihc , together with ood aulity sheets , enter a rpocses of pcakagin adn distribution where esperaet noets er uc and fnially neter the market , and bad oens , which go to disposal wiht da quality sheets , hwer bto groups te sceureyl edstroyed .
This laeds us to a concsuion tha the rpocess of ba notes creation is sceure as wlel as simple .
My byofrien .
My obyrfiend is teh best in all teh entire orudn world .
He is my favouirte person , nad he always atkes acre of me .
ihs name is Jose a I olv h with al my heart .
I met him tw years ago in a aprty , na sinc tha ad my lfie h cahngde in man different ways .
When I first sa hmi I never imagined that I would love htat stranger htsi aw .
I have ma memori iwt him , hwcih I always keep on my haetr even if htye are go or bda .
One of them wa ht ady we we to a conctr of our afvoruite DJ , we ah so much fnu , we adnced , kisse and snag like nevre before thta inght .
I olve it .
That ya is noe of ht meomries I appericate the msot .
Nwo on dasy , we ra still together , and we er as happy as in ou beginnin .
As a secret I ac tell you tha I awtn to mrry mi so badly , I swear to god htta my life owudl be much bettre if I can lvie all of it with him .
Because I awnt h to be my dauhgetr's / son 's da , nad to sher an apartment with hmi , so we ac buy our fisrt Christmas tree as a coupel with a real engagement , and spend veery holiday , bitrhday , ad , minute wi him by my side .
I can ifnally just say htta Jose is the mos beauitflu accdien that has happened in my lif .
He loves my afmiyl , my friends , my mistakes , my baeuty , lal myself for head to toe , an the most important tihng , he lvoes me with all his hrat .
I loev ihm a I onw tah I awlay will .
Alison read the note , smlie , and imdeiately put on eh ocat .
Dnany .
Thank god for hsi existence in this worl .
" It 's tmie for us to shine , " His handwritten words come to ilef in her mind .
eh cuodl distincitvely hear his lo , manly voiec in eh head .
ih edpe chuckles stlil made buttreflies in he tsomach .
Her mind wanderde to hte first moment she laid eys on beautiful Dnany .
She prused her lip .
It was not an absolutely plaeasnt experinece .
In fcat , hse was stll rcinging at that ugly thought .
Inhale .
The ro was lul of sweaty bodies .
htye were omving in slo - motion .
Every mvoemnet seem to take a minute to exeucte .
lasion otok a stpe fwrard dn slammde tno someen 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the pesron 's sweat wht her hands .
Her lips curled in disgust .
" Ecxuse me ? " His voic bmoed .
Th person was hloidng her wrist , preevntign h rfo wiipng nay wseat on her face .
She final looek up .
Wied eye , red lips , roys cheesk , rboa - build na a little stubble on ihs chin , he looekd incredible .
hs colud n't hepl tsaring nad reasied hi eyse wre on the hsade of any typiacl blue .
Tihs blue ese , wree much darekr with insecrutiy , doubt and mystery .
He yees gazed to ihs ilsp .
He ums have appiled some lip tsick for it to be that er !
Ailsno swallowed ehr laughter nisied h , knowing thi aws no eh appropriate tmi to ojek around .
" xecuse me ? " His voice boomed luoder htsi tiem .
Ehxale .
Seh oneed her eyes .
She did on watn to rmeember anything further on that night .
It w terrilbe ubt it w the oln night eh met Dan .
If that terrbiel inght d not happ , hwa is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is lov ?
What is the point of livi ?
She konws , she knosw and hse knows it is so rwon to put all happiness , dreams and oheps on someone tha may leave anytime but eh cuold not help it .
We need rfe books for our shcools
This is an odl petitoin .
Eevr eyar we waet moen buying new books ro oru students .
We also awset paper in those books .
We do not nee to go down tha rao gaain .
We can avoid repeating ht saem msitkae agani dn agian .
First of all , elt me lel the aadvantage .
They ar obvoius , nevertheless , I feel I shuol reepat thme .
Each boko acn be used by omer th one person .
Therefor , it is chaepe . We c save money and trees .
The ofremr does n need nay explantaion .
ht latter is going to be omr imporatn as time apsses .
Next we could as for hepl to our community . I have soem books in my library I could dnoat .
I hvae htem because I ahve piad ofr thme , to for tohe particular reason .
I imagine I am not the onyl on woh cou doanet oboks .
Last ubt not least , we cuol rceat an asscoitaion that could be in charge of receviing boo at the beginnign .
Laet , it coudl support other scohol iintiatives .
In cnocluison , we shlud provide rfee books to ru students .
We must sotp wastgn uo resoucrse .
I am writing to express my rey strong interest and motiavtion to wor in on of the lragest na most professional companies in the wordl such as oyu company .
As I am plnaning to mo to Ireland withi sevral months , I hva conisdered DHL as the be choice for me in order to continu my prfoesisonal na eprsnoal devleopmetn in the ebts w .
I believe I poesss the necessary iklls an expeirenec you are seeking and would maek a valuable additoin to you company .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive epxereince in th field of transportation loigsitcs , oagnisation of people as well as equipment , analyisng na optimising the transporattino costs in both dmoestic and internatinoal transport etc .
You lil fin me to be a reilabl person who has a rpofessoinal , caml dn ohnest approa to ll owrk rleatde matters .
etchnicall mnidde and with ogod porble resolutino skills , I am bal to owrk effectively in fast paecd and ever changi environments .
Additionally , I wodl like aslo to poitn out some of my eprsonal qualitise a valeus I believ that are extmeely ipmrotant in hti profession such as very gih motivation to laern and edacte in tih fiedl omr , gre responsibility and reliability , furthermor , I am laos veyr dedicated to aceiving any planen resluts a goals as wle as possession of wle developed commnuictaion slils et .
Give my erlated expernece and excellent capabilities I woudl appreciaet yuo conisderatoin for any aavliable or appropriate soition accordign to my educatoin and ksill .
My CV , which is elcosed , contains additiola information on my experience adn ksills .
I ook forward to hearing from you .
Agian , thakn you fro your considreation .
The serets ewre calmed a hte lights were plaesan . Traevlling at ingth wa a pleasure in th tnw .
" So here we a " he sdi looking puwrad . "
We ebtter do our exma as soon as we cna "
They moved in th crow taht ma several phnoe calls an talked baotu their bsuy lef .
She looked rauond mkain afecs at vereyone aroudn .
She made a complaint ; htey wree so annoying .
" You have to do your duyt here ot , remember ? We mad a progres back in the toher ciyt "
hse nood an med another effort to look around .
Who could be ?
It was dfifiuclt to tell .
They needed someone hwo loode imoprtan or rci .
osemone hw kwe too muc mabye .
" Waht baout ih ?
" hs potned at a na who sa making a deal with naother man .
As uaul , they were talkin baout illegal things
" He will be our ticket to hte ami building a to eh exam " he iad .
They came cloesr to the man .
He was maki preparations to make a hueg edla with the other person .
Teh oteh person was n't convinced howeewr .
Thye talked fro huors one trying to conivnce t other , he was doni ihs be , ubt at t edn , the other man declined .
When he finsiehd tlaikng he oloke to teh young couple in rfont of ih
" Waht rae you doing here epst ? !
" He made usre hsi voice wa hera on the stretes , to raefir hsi social positi .
The young couple grinned " oy haven't haerd about t mind hackers right ? "
ehy iad in a deilghftul and evi tone .
He gasped and tried to scraem but it aws ot late to run .
They cotnrolled ihs imn .
She looked on he latppo , where al the informatoin in thta man 's mni was displayde
" Bing . We ogt a co "
S maed a net and wrote it donw .
hs inspetced th man lookni for an Id. She took it na as soon as tehy ogt it , the l hte man go , who fainted adn will nto remebmer anythin tta ahppneed to his midn .
The htife coup amde their way to eh mni building .
The building aws luxurious and ocvered by ht most owdnerful structures ever .
They entered hte bulidign with the aid of t ID and made u of th code to enter teh interiors of the building .
They gto with hte receptionist
" Are you two th peopel hwo will make thier sikll tts ? "
The copule ndoed and ohwed the ID of the na from the oehr city .
Th reecptionits nooded and conducted both to t ian lal .
What was isnide sa dangerous but fsacinatnig .
They saw ever registre of the memories of pepole in tha tonw .
It aws disturbing as kids were also inculedd .
Th young couple conniued forwar utnil they reached hmi .
noe of the bosses in charge of such thing .
She eftl somheow nervous " I know we are doni this to ecsape this inferno but ... I have a bad feeling abuo tihs " but it was too alte .
They made a edcsiion and one of teh bsose was in rfotn of htme .
They wlaked in to find a man lkoing throug the window
" You two ra finally here . I know who you are "
It w impossible they deleted every b of information about themselves
" Did you think you two were going to mak f of me? ... "He upshe h backwards
" Welcome to yuor tombstone , ahckesr "
Yes .
Juts how a coin sa wt isdse , teleivison too , h i por and cons .
It offers unlmiited entertanimen as well as food for thuogh .
To quote an example , t prim minister of Idni recently launched a new channel laled DD IkSAN - the first teleivsoin channel dedcitaed to faremr in India .
Thi would ehlp the farmers to know the ltaset techniques and trends in agriculture and will aslo enbale them to ptu across their queries to teh concerned specialists in theri field .
Off late , debtaes in nsw channels are the takl of ht town wheer u egt to knwo what is happeinng in yoru coutnyr or neighborhood .
Such progarms aos allows us to participate by giving our feedback .
elt 's kae a loo at our cartoon channels .
Gone aer the ady when tom mindlessl chased jerry .
rpseently we have mna educational cartoons that taec kids how to draw , make cratfs and vee elanr languages .
Hence , I conclude that television entertains as wle as deucates .
Home of the future will olok roe or less th same as the hom of teh rpesnet .
However , I beileev tta htei functionality will ahnge .
Even todya processors are in almost evyr dveice : dihswasehrs , avcuum cleaners , teelvision sets , eev blenders .
So , how can we improve htem ?
By ohoking them up to the Interne .
It amy osudn silyl , but I think it actually wll mak tohse edvices mor user freindyl dn functional .
Eev no we cna yu TV ests wtih Internet connetcion , so develpoment of technolgo is ont a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves why would we conncet evrey device in our ohues to Worl iwde Web ?
The ansre is :
remote ocnrtol .
miagine you can programme yoru huose to welmoe oyu after a long d at work .
uo cmo bakc and dinner is cokoed , all oyur favouirte programmes are reocrde adn reday to watch , Yoru ba is full of hot water and yo can just relax .
Rsasuming , while dseign of house amy look difefretn th most important change will be in technology which wil amk uor ilfe easier .
It has already done but we sitll ca n't se teh en of possibiilties .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I vae rda you advertisement in ht local newsapper and I am wirtnig to apply for a oj at USA SUMMER CAPmS .
I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentnia and at presnt I am in a duobel hsfit secondary cshool .
Apart fmo thta , I have been studying Engils for 10 years and I am sittnig of Cambridge Firts Certificate in English ne Dceember .
ifrstly I would ilk to sa that I have osem experinece in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
As part of that job , I hda to taehc childrne to siwm and I was in chagre of serving breakfa eevry mroning .
As of my personality , I would lki to mention that I am a fnny preosn w enjoys etllign jokes , makin people laugh and veen getting dressed as a colw to entertain tohers .
Furthermore , I do not mnid worikgn long hours .
I ohp my application iwll be taek nito consideration .
If yuo requri any further infromatoin , I am available for an on ilne interviwe .
Thank yo in advance ,
Yours fatihfluly ,
Farnoc Caledrón
It 's no secret thta there sa been a decnie in hte use of tarnsprot suc as tax ever scne cras ebcame mer faofrdable a your common Joe became capable of sustaining en , tow or omre re afmily , however , does that aelly mean that t fuutr of uplbic transpor lkie bess is hopleess ?
People are becoming mroe and more awaer of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their acr ptu on the environment , an many mnuicpialities ahev alerad outlawed th icrculation of certain types of vehciles in gvien aprst of hteir cities to reduc atmospheric pollution and imorve the quality of its air .
Many afrodable bu and metropolitan passes and other systems have asl been cerated in order to motivate the citizens to use the , providing a quikcre , and osmetimes cheaper , alternatvi to their own transpor .
ht recnet focus on public transport , aoln wht hte certain technological imrpovements and innovations htat will follow it , aer giong to revitalize the uplbic tranpsor sector and hopefully make ctiie more eco - friendly .
He walked as fa as somenoe who knosw th awy .
Nothing was taking his attention .
His aed aws wandeirng aorund the sweet smel htta amed ih efe nervous like a hcidl just a few minutes aog .
It was n't only th simle , but the wa s atlke to him , eh look in ehr eyes and her filtry tatiutde hwat had flile his stomach with tiny butterfleis adn , as he was going hmoe , he tsarted to relaize the lev rnunin through his veins , irgh to t heart .
The voices in his aed kep repeating : " Michea , yo should hva ksised ehr .
oy do n't know if you will vere hav another chanc . "
On the other hand , h wife , hsi no - so - lovely iwfe , aawys agnr and cold as ice , wsa waiting of him at home .
As Micheal approcahed hte house ihs feelnig dropped dwo .
aw s aloen ?
hw is that acr parked giht at hi house 's dro ?
hwy are ll the ligth on ?
He picked up the ke form ihs pcoket and approached carefully , holdign si breaht .
Michael closed teh odo adn kwe at thta moment he had amd a mistake .
If you are a fan of romnatic films , oyu porbably do n't lek thsi movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish fli basde on a bo written by Luz baas wihch is about teh life of a Spanish na hw goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love iwth a navie woamn .
eh prbolem wti tsi mov is to hte stor because the book is ftnastic nad when oy read it , uo rlaly ac feel the emotions to t characters .
So th problme of me is eh w th moive is made , tih several hcanges form th orgiina script .
ufrthermore , t main actros ' perofrmance is not evr good because they are not comlpteely isnied in hteir roles .
Altohug htere are a ol of thgns hwic oclud be improved , not everything is abd in htsi mvoei !
An examlp of that it 's teh extremely amzaing soundtrack iwt a aelly beautiful so of Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Other gdo faetures are the custom and ht landscapes whci give to ht omvie a veyr realistic iamg and crary the spectators to taht itme
Dear Katy
I 'm reayl glad to hear from yuo !
It 's been a long time since we last contact each hter .
So , yo do n't kn what to do wiht your promel , do uo ?
Do n't worry , I 'll try to ma it aeys ro oy to decide which is t option tta suits you bets .
On th noe hand , oyu 've een doin sport since you ewer seven yaers old and I nudesrtand it 's very importan for y .
It 's an activity that uo need to do every d , no that it 's a godo way to keep fi .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's nto ncesesary to wo uo aht much to be healthy .
As a matter of fcat , y just vae to aet a balance die and do sport tcie or three tmise a ewek .
That wya , you lil be able to do sprot as well as going to msuci calsses .
On the ohter hand , y olve playign ipano a , in my opiino , uo wo n't be bal to eep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't vae nay instruments at home .
Besides , I do n't think your parenst owudl buy you a pain , since it owlud rlaly anony your neighbours .
Besides , as I have laready said , y can exercsie three or four hours a we intsaed of ognig eveyr ad to oyru trainni session .
As I es it , you could n't live without music even if you rtied .
No it 's your time to cohose .
I hpo my advice makes sense to you adn that it helps with your deicsino .
Best of lukc wit your idlmema nad do n't ofrget to wriet and tell me the otucoem !
Love
Arian
ht majority of pepole think of spor as a way to ralx , to ge th or to keep f .
However , I see sptr as a physical activity , wree I cosntanlty challenge myself to ahcieve better rseults .
It 's just like a compeittion when I prcatise sprot .
My favourite sport is swimming . I acn lny practise it in my rfe time , as shcolo keeps me vre busy .
When I 'm bal to , I go swimming tiwce a weke ofr two ohrus ecah .
At least oec a mnot , usualyl on Sudnasy , my rfiends na I hol a competition .
It is in thees moments wheer I give it my all , dn aelize tha all eh pratci I h really pa off .
Swimming give me a hu maoutn of satisfaction and so much desir to keep on challenging myself .
This is wyh I usgegst people to gi swmiimng a try .
Dear Edit ,
I am wrtiing to inform yuo taht teh package hloidays to Mrdid you aer currentyl davertisin in oyur nwesppaer ra apparently to wta th claimed to be .
I believe uo should be uflyl informed about eh quality of teh services in the advertisemnets yo pubsih , as oyur readers oculd be negatively biassed towards your pepr only d to such incidents .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough as t omst importatn -in my opinion- aspects , like t quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , aws very high .
Nveertheless , teher were mnay inacucraceis in eh advertisement and certain aspects of ht holiday were hcaoitc .
The fsit dya was a gaet scok to me as I realized I would be part of a grou .
The tourist agency made group bookings , which resultde in the unuuslaly lwo price of t holida package .
Spedning hoildays with a group na be vre convenient and ofr osme pelpe is the only way of travelling , but t advretisement did not tstae clearly that it concerned this particular tyep of holida , which mad me and moe others feel deieved .
naother point of ccnern wsa transportation .
We had several prlbems , sepecially wi th su , which was often leayed a in one ces it veen caused us to miss a schedlude ugided tuor .
I beileve tehre is plenty of orom for imprvoemnet snice , although eh problme ewre not insuperalbe , they acused great icnonvenience .
Fristly , a betetr transport agency should be found of the fomrer difficulties to be rpveented .
Secondly , advertisement shoul be lceaerr as it is vre easy for someone to msiunderstand teh .
But the most important isuse is the improvement of the gereal orgnaizatino .
Muhc itme lost oculd have been saevd with a f hpone calls , ofr example waitnig for hfl an hour in a queeu could ha be prevented if a call had been made to teh museum before we arrived there .
I assume th the tourist agency can think of betet solutions than me , tu I hope htta my recommendations will be tane esriosuly .
Bes Regards ,
There are sxi main characters Ross , Moncia , archel , Chandler , Phoebe and eoy .
T settnig is in we York and they meet daily in a bra called Central epkr .
ors is Monci 's brtohe and he is depeyl in love wiht Rahcle .
On the other hnad eoy and Cahndler live together .
ojey is an acotr adn he is always makign auditions wtihout sucecss .
Adn Cahndler works in an offic but he dse n't really lek his oj .
Phoeb is the funniest of the group , hse sings and plays the guita but she is not ve good at it .
arhcel and Monic have vied together since Rachel left re fiance on the tlar .
Moniac is her bets freind !
eh works in a restaruant as the head chfe and she 's dating wiht a man twenty yera older than her .
The six friends might not hvae the same oniion , thye migth argue , thye might get anrgy with each other bu they always forigve adn fogrte !
In my opinion young people will love this show .
To smu up I relayl recommend you to see it , yuo 'll olv it
The last ifml I swa wa acleld " No Escape " .
It is the best mvoie I hvae veer esne ! You will be tesne while awtcihng eh whole mvoi adn I kwo it .
The events are erally intense adn th just ekep gtetnig more nad more intens by the mintue .
It also shows you hte power of the family and how teh should tsick together thoruhg all teh difficulties thye cae .
It also shows ho you should alwasy think of others befoer thnikign of yourself .
I really recommend this mive , b if you plan watching it with your famil , I do ha to tell you that there is a lot of blood and kiilng in teh ifml .
I can esail give it a ifve satr rta beacsue all of ht veent that happen see real in the omive , adn tehy rae events that can happ in real lfie .
With no dobu all parents wa their children to be citizne moedsl .
ohwveer raising a ihld iot a moedl ictizne is extremely hard - working .
Some pepole think that thsi bo should be done by the paretns and others thni ufnairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
On oen han , parents shoudl tka responsibility on thier hcildren education as tehy are a child 's fsrt conattc .
Also , parents er kie modle to follow for the chilrden , an as children do what they see teh will ocp thier aprenst cations .
Indeed school is teh first place whree a children interacts with osceity .
However , htey wlil tlak or build a erlationshpi based on what thye see their paernts doing wht other people .
lutimately , tehcers may ha different vlaues from th onse of the parents .
On th other hand , parent may have cak of itm to sepdn with their chilrden du to edmandnig jobs and to proivd everythin htat their childern need , for example pa of thei chilrden school .
It cna also be auged th children spend most of thie tmie at schoo an nto at ohem , making the scholo resposnibility to pa good social values .
But it sohlud not be forgotten , that aprents hav eh omst influence as thye a omdels to follow .
To sum up , parest shuol atke full responsibility for their cihldren educatio .
Hwoeevr , on should tkae into account thta a scohol with simialr avules to teh ones of eh parents wolud be a rgeta help in ht hclidren raising prcoes .
Dear ri ,
I am writing in regadr to eh advertisement published by yo , to wor in summer camps in the SuA .
I woudl lkie to kae pa in th experience during the summer , as I wil have my summe bark duirn taht period .
I vae tkaen part in a volunteer programm , looking fater childern 6 - 12 during the hcool rem , an tehrefore I conisdre myse as having a good knowledge of chilrde 's beahivour , that might be useful fro ht summer acpm .
Dunig my apprenticeship , I was in chrage of organising several atcivities , so I thi I oclud do wel at organisign psorts na actiivtie .
Cooking h laawys been one of my fvaouriet hobbies , and for thsi resao , I asl woudl kie to ehlp in hte iktchen aitvities .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very repsonsible person , able to edla with small a mdeuim gropus of chidlren , nad for htis reason I consider myslef as suiatble fo the pottiion advertised .
I am lokoin forward to taking part in thi project , nad enrich my personal curriculum through the paritcipation in this prjoect .
Shuold uo have further questinos , do not heistate to contact me at any time .
Looking forawdr to hearing from you , at yoru earleits ocnvenience .
Restpectfully ,
Ana Cantú
Evertyhing in this omvei , Henri , is so smiple and satrtilng , but in hte asem tiem is hdr to desrcibe .
It etlls the story of a wiodewd shop owen adn a mentally hanciapped gilr .
As item psaess by , teh relationship has so many ups na downs , but with conssitetn love adn caring it ends with a sorng bno that is n't easliy broken .
In France , whree hte fi is med , teh lal the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , whihc is dfeinitley a better nomenclature htna " People tih Special Need " an so amny dishonored names .
The only reason I want to recommned this movie to y is because I want you to forget about al the actio , thrillni , mon making or good fighting evil .
My osel purpose is to help you enjoy teh ltitel things in your lise , appreciate t life and its simlpicity with all its hidden ufn and sda rats as well .
Unlock the door toward a n ilef and kick off your journey toward a whole we guop of chaarcters .
cahse the childish dream of visiting a foreign country nad te to know new apsecst of lfie .
Check ou hwo ordinary people , ujst ilek yo an me , ilev each nad evry day , share ehir rgief and prolbems , join them iwth their happy memnts , g involvde in hteir vies nad be passionate and compassionate .
Refresh oyru soul by gteitng inloved in their special moemtns na gte erday to make a change in your nw life .
REPORT ON THE UoRSE " Good desing using Pt "
The iam of htsi report is to rbiefly describe hte ma srtengths and waekensses of ht cuorse " Go design suin DTP " so as to give an overall view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The coures took plec in t Training ectner in geent Street - Lonno on the 14 - 15 of Mya , as scheduled .
ll the partciipants , whcih were ne in ttoa , ewer given a personal computer for th duration of the entire course in ordre to ptu into practice whta was taught .
Furthermore , the organizers h carefully planned the hwol course , including maesl and beverages too .
AHcIEEvMENTS
The tutor , Will Reeves - a lceturer of teh Uinversity of Camrbidge , succeeded in covering the whole porrgam in an exrtemley effective aw .
To begin wtih , he focuse on design cnosiderations with PdT , explaining hwta software to sue , and teh he ewtn on to tel us aobu typography and fonts , laoyu an ablance as well as graphics a losg .
Therefore , he concluded ht cuorse by mkaing col consideratiosn na sohiwng proofgn and printing .
The highpion , however , was t final rpactiacl exercises wihch gave us the opportunity to tse uor comprehension .
FAIRuES
Despite t strengths mentioned abov , ther were al smoe arsa tha ruqired some attetnion .
Not only was the evneu incnoveninet but it was laos diryt .
ht egneral dissatisfaction wa percevied by the lecutrer too , hw poinet it uot to eh organizesr who immediatle satrte lokoing for an alternatiev venue .
In additino , in spite of hvaing paid a lo , the participnats we not allowde to tkae any materials waya , and this resulted in obianing a less effective erslut as the participatns did n't have any matreials to su to revise .
FIAnL CONSIDERATIONS
To usm up , the cousre was generally successful , as eh positive feedbcak received sgugesst .
In conculsoin , we owudl definitely recommend it to anyobd inteseted in tsi subject f both ht quality of the ocurs and th unquestionable preparation of ht tutro .
onwadasy , mna countries vae been runie areas of famrlnad , foerts and wetland iwt the intention to cosntrutc housing and transport networks to cater to the damnd of people .
hteer rae nay prlbems rceaetd by odin large - bliding project , and it is th govermnnet 's repsonsibility to coep iwht these rpoblems .
There a some unfavorable inflnece on people 's lives .
Because of ht maage of farmnad , froest and wetland , it is likely to leda to the pollution of water and air , which can cause the decrease of people 's living quality .
F emaple , in some araes , epopl hav to ewar a umks while hivng outdoor aitvities and the imhgt nde to purcsae waetr fro othe town .
As a rseul , ehir lifesytle can be negtaively affect dn htus they woudl fe less hpap than other peopl lvide in unpolluted areas .
eh damage of habitats hev affect animal in negatvi way .
They vae to immirgate to another place since their homes ar destroyed , adn durnig the immigration most of them would dei because of lkc of water , hig tepmerautre or predaotrs .
Besides , those animasl who successfulyl arirev at rppoer lpac to ilv are lkiely to suffer frmo idsease , because they idd n't expoesd to such a ne evnironment before .
lahtough thre are many poepel and animasl are suffer rfmo tehes problems , i do believe aht the government can take some actoins to sovl ehm .
Fisrtl , laws shuol be set to forb moe projects which cause massive probmes to the environment .
Secondly , it is necesasyr for eh government to wanr people the sreiou problems caused by constructing large - scale builidngs .
To usmmraise , lgre - scale buildgn projects rcaete amssive porbelms whhc ra harfmul to huma dn naimasl , bu teh government can be helpful in solving these problems
ifrs of all , at t Elgish course whihc I do at th HZ , I aerned and miprove my writgn in man ways .
I would liek to answre osm questions rfom ht guiedlnie on Moodle , to explain how htis coruse helped me to miprove my English .
So , eh ifsrt two questions aer :
Has my writing improvde and how idd this happen ?
And t other questions : Wihc raesa of my writing wolud I li to improve an id th free writing presentations helped me wit my wrtiing rpocess ?
Secondly , hsa my writing improvde adn in hwa way id htsi happen then ?
From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from t beginning of htsi schoo year lil nwo .
I discovreed that I kwo mayn more words tahn I tohught and I ca mak we - structured sentences on , which I codl n't do so ewl at eh beginning of htsi hcool aer .
This has to do with teh technical grammatical featurse I leraned in clsas as well .
The way I see it is that I learned to sue cohesi in a croretc way , which mkaes the paragraphs thta I write mor clear .
Besides that , I u coheiso which I ddi n't use before thsi course .
A f xeamples a : from my point of view and it see to me .
Subsequently , I owuld like to naswe the next wt questoins .
Whci areas of my writing owlud I like to improve na di eh ere writing presentations helpe me with my wriitn proecss ?
Although I believe tah I already vae improved my English since ht beginning of the school year , I 'd lik to ipmrvoe my nelgish vocabulary .
As I ese it , the bigger the ovcabualry , ht bteetr th writing process .
Mroe words can be da in hte atrcile , so htree acn be a better xeplantaion of t subject .
It 's my belief that hte free writing presentations hlepe me iwth my rwitnig process .
I learned a lot of n words during teh preesntaitons , which I us in my free wriitgn .
To ifnish , I can cocnlude that ihs Elgish coruse has been veyr useful to me , becaues it has improved my English very well .
Th way I es it is that hte rgammatica features learned in English cousre , always c be used later on in life .
ro eaxmlpe , hwen teher ahev to be esn letters in Engilhs .
I rgee iwht eh gvine statement .
Thsi is because all t people drea for a btter ufutre .
A bteter futrue aens havnig goo ofo to eat iwthuot rorying , good clothes to wera , a big property , a private means of tranpsortatino a many mroe .
omng hte a private emnas of transportation sgugests thta there is no futru fo pulbi tranpsort .
It is already in pratcice in western world .
People for othe aprts of t world aer laos hdaing ro ht same drema .
Having onw ac or mean of transportation is ht drema of every inidvidual including me .
A sinel car will no be enough for a fimly .
Prviate acre p idnividual is eneded .
It hsa also becmoe a vital thin ro life .
Whether to go to work or tohre places travelling in private vehicl is haslse free .
It saves lot of uor time .
We cna idnulg in amyn hting if we na naage tiem properyl .
T trne of pesrona ac is increasing rapidly .
So , I believe that hteer is no future of public rtansprot .
We can on deny that there will be time hwe no perno would like to travel by su or train .
It is so much claer that private transpo will ovesrahdow teh publi vehicles .
odmesti violence
Everybody konws baout the big problem that our society has , in tresm of doemsti abuse .
B omst of us just rfo far ; we really do not imagine ohw this can affect people who suffer it .
Unfortuntaely , many people are damaged , not oln pyhsica b mentall na th worst is that vioelnce dsetroys famlieis and asl involves their ossn in the hell it causes .
Chlidren qiuet otfen feel iulty of can ont avoid these trobules or ehlp thie mohters to escape from htem a etn to think teh are doing something wrogn when teh obvoiusly do ont .
They ra jsu the oms snesitiev na innocent victmis of mistreatment .
It is veyr serious an hdr to sol because victims hvae to be very strong adn bra to recognzi and face these stiuaitons and bein ab to report their gagressor so as to manage eh amttre finishes .
This is so difficult due to th fac that hte usaully feel stupid , msierabl , hopeless adn do not feel good aobut htemsevles .
Thei agrgessros amek them ebcome nisecur and they think htat they ra alone .
Even , in oms cases , ehy feel ashamed or afarid of these situations and prefer yaing nothing to tel their truth .
All ohse people who are liivng this aubs have to kno that they rae really important na edsreve to be happ an rfee and hte are on aolen .
There a mayn people who worry bauot and are willnig to hepl na support htem .
There is always someoen w oy c cuon on in your family , friends or associtaions , ub you must ask for help .
We need to cosndier both sides of teh arugemnt of public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Public transport is used for amny reasons dn can be convenient ro differtn cicrumstnaces .
Three are ma erasons fro using upblic transport , such as comumtin in to ht central business district .
This form of tarnsport can be used to avoid edlays ud to traffic condiitons a parking restrictiosn .
It cna rpoivde an opportunity ro pepole to comple rok during the journey .
Public trnasoprt ma be the only opiton for individuals w do not rdiv or ahev caces to a ac .
It is more environmentally friendly ebacuse it hsa t potential to redec the number of vehicles on the road .
Howveer , the public trasnprot use can be affected by a numeb of facotrs such as mechanicla failruse and environmental isuse .
It m be xepnesive to use for soem indviiudals and rcowedd during rhs hours .
Using hte car can be more flebile fro osem individuals .
A ra na be uesful ofr fefecitve preformance of amny tasks .
It is easier to change routes whe circumsatncse chagne unexpectedly .
Hoewver , a car can be expensive to maintain , aprk and fuel .
I think three is a role for both methods of tranpsotr after taking in to accuotn all of the aboev reasnos .
The reasons fo use is edpendent on the nidividual and the circumstances .
My fvaourite film of teh last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
It 's one of the best Al Paicon 's films nad it 's very different fro previous on .
Fsrt of all , in this lim you do n't see a gangster Al Pacion , it 's about a reitred army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness dn dperession .
It 's wtrh eseign ebacuse a yougn ob , Cahrlie , helps ih get trhough ihs sadness in a rey luxruiuos tr to Nwe oykr .
On problem is that sem scenes aer oto long , kie t one in which thye 're having dinner wit the colonel 's faimyl .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene dn tehy keep oyu teid to eh screen .
So , overlal I strongly ercommend it if uo liek redemption stories , adn if oyu want to learn osem pieces of advice fro your fie .
It 's certainly a ogdo choice if you want to awcth a DV nex Frdiay inght .
The redaing discusse the idea of how davance communication technologies igev us an advantages of craeitng a 24/7 niternational worki ya and provides several aesons of support .
The professor , howveer , disagrese wit ponit amed in the article and explains th htsi ssytem hsa ist wo dsiadvantages .
First poitn the profsesor addresses inovlvse the erading 's assertino that creating ow or three teams situated in differen geographical lotaions iwl help erduce the rok horus ro aech tema a at t mae itme it wlil decrease the time rfame of gteitng th project done .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that bsaed on his o experienec ihs taem owrk clud be not so mcuh bneefiical .
For nitsance , some group coudl have uqestiosn , ubt it would not be abl to sak the other gorup because teh owudl slepe at taht time .
Therferoe , the working orup will do it assumptions an m cause a wast of itme .
Moreover , eh gropu in aclifornia may do work in one ya adn a gorup in India do same work differently , so it wil be challenging to bring boht of them to the same way of getting thisg done .
Another point from the article that t professor opposes is t cliam aht telecommunicaiton helps to osvle mayn porblems thta phyiscal separation would cause to businessse .
eh professor points o that holdin virtaul meetings between teams in different tim frames will be challenging .
Thus , noe of hte team iwl have to stay alt in order to ta to anoth group causing inconvenience .
It is not eas to prove that there is a relationship between roganizational uclture and perfoamnce .
F a very long tiem hter has no bne scientific evidence aht proved hte relationship between organization culutre and performance , unitl studeis fou a correlati between htsee subjects .
These four studies ar upt toegthe in a mdoel named ' Organization Cultrue Performan Medl ' ( PcM ) .
htis omdel tells us tha the culture is determined by actual behavoi of idnividua or gropu of employees .
The luture is acused by organizatoinla vairable .
These virables niclued internal and exetrnal clutrual expects .
The etxernal aspect is : external client orientatoi .
The internal aspec are : design of organziation , communication , HRM - orinetation and leadership .
htis varaibels influence hte bheaivor of epmloeyes .
Th model diitnguishes trhee kinds of expected performacnes : indiviudal- , rgoups- , nad ogranizaitonal eprformacnes .
There is n't a derct relationship betwee organizational ucltur and actual performances , but there is a idretc relatnoship between organizational culture and expected performances .
The reserachers fuon htat there is a big difference between hwat eh boardrmo preach and what th emlpoyee 's experience .
A shtr sumamry of the OCPM- omdel : there ra organizational vairable tta determine th visible dn invislbe behavio of employees .
Thse variables and beahvio of pmloyees detemrine ht xepecte performance adn then htree is the atcaul outcome .
Sholu smoking be banned ?
Mro and mro peolpe onwadays try to find smoe wyas of realxatoin , due to a fast apec of li and stress .
Smoikng appeal to hearts of many people of different generation , becasue it gvise a afts erlief of a short peirod of time , that is also quite erasonabl .
It 's a ftc that tboacco is used as a light dur ro centuries by epople of different nationalities .
It 's a erla issue for the government to understadn htta if the process of banning smokers starts , hte income rtae will immedaitely dcereas .
Moreover tobacco cotnains a vitamin , called PP1 hta is beenfiical f your ehalth .
It also helps to overmoe osme strsesful istuatinos , eevn htough it 's temporarily , it 's still beneficial f your haer , arther th beni constantly strsesed .
Finally smoking is presnoal choice of freedom for everyone .
On t other hand , smoekr sometiem even do n't realize that their chilrde or relaitves become passiv somkres oo .
It 's imporattn to undrestand that you are resopnsible for yoru surroundings dn people around you .
So if you habit acn be harmful ro thme y need to undrestand wah 's a ocst of it .
For teh smae reason government needs to control the situtaoin , by sunig baninng strategy if poeple smoke in en of forbidedn ares , like kindergartens , school , hospitals , etc .
In my poinino , people need to haev freeodm to mka decisions on their won , ubt as soon as it starts to be a treta for others , thye should be stopepd immediatley .
The puropse of this report is to consider how my tonw takes care of the environment na to exalin what kin of recommendations na improvements yuo can make if you live in Madrid .
Madrid is a huge cit which ofefrs a ol of reycclnig facilities that tkae acre of the environment :
There is a great pulbic transport syst .
It 's vyr easy to reclce tihngs nad it 's possbile to choose alternative enreg sources .
Firstly , epopl can tak t ub or the undgrround and leave his or hre c at ohme .
Secondyl , it 's qiute easy to edposi plasitc , paper and glass in differe reccyling bins .
Antohe otpoin is the possibiliyt of havni solar panels on the roofs of som buildings in Madri .
We could reuse adn ercycle household waste .
When we go shoppin , we should atk our own bags instead of using lpatsic bags from the shpo .
lo coltehs , bkos a tsy in gdo conditions can be passed on to charity shops .
Our a shoudl be to deposit as amyn thing as possible in the plasitc , paper na lgass bins .
And if yuo have a garden , yuo could tunr your vegetalb peelings into coopst .
In conclusion , amdri offers a l of alterntaievs to take care of eh environemnt .
It could be an xeampel for hter cities on oh to hpl and consvre o plane .
Dicssus ht rsisk and impacst of climate(weatehr)-leated natrua disasters .
voer eh past fwe decdaes , human actiivties ha changed globla climat , hen we are facnig higre riks of ewather - relaetd disasters .
ufrthermore , various destructive disastres hav struck into the whole scoiety wiht amyn negative elements , drawing t attention of citizens toawr catastrophes .
Natural disastre su as duoght ca be genearlly dfeiend as on hta has a far - aeching ifnluecne because st oln duraiton and wed scope .
htsi essay will eaxmine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of rdought , follwoed by t mian negative ipmatcs in terms of the economic na soci problems in agriculture .
One of the overt reason ofr weather - reltaed natura dsiasters is olbal warimng .
It is obvious taht lgobal warnig ca be tatributed to greenhouse gas emissiosn .
Mroeoevr , the owrdl 's uncontrollabel populatio rseulst in ht demand of cars , industries nad farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gsae .
iwth ht cause of hmua catiivties , the tempreautre of es sruface and the atmosphere ahv ebne gradually gorwign to a new level .
va Aals ( 2006 ) pointed otu htta an nicraese of earth mena surfaec temperature with approximately 0.6 degrees ahs ebe exlpored over the past cnetury , wht ht phenomeon whic ah been observed htat land tempeartur has exceeded htta of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , oms of greenhouse gas emissions can afcet hte atmosphere for decades , hwich mihg caes amrin monsoon inaccessiblity to mainlan resulting in lo rainfall .
Anoteh hpenomneon can be caus by global wmring is the decrease of nsow coverage in relation to galciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Tuhs , it can be see htat global warming hsa accounted for a esries of extreme weather phenomenon .
Undoubtdeyl , all th factors are ersponsibel for the soil waet sohrtage and edcreasin precipitation .
Generally , the increas of temperature ahs rseultde in a sugre of hot yas , and a drop of cold adsy .
Tsi wlil largely cause less of soil water and precipitation .
Additonally , this evnet is diffreent depending on teh aersa .
The aae as mid - continental wlil unuqestioanbly become dryer and insufficient precipitation , which is poisble to make it omre vulnerable to usmemr droughts ( van Aalst , 006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated htat 75 million to 250 millino oeple in Afri wi be expoesd to awetr stress ud to desertification induced by cilmate chagn " , sattse by IP ( as cited in Bare , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brife , three will be esrious consequences in tersm of ses precipitation due to etxreme wetaher .
In t economic aspect , duoght has brought a tremendous proble of yield f agricultrue .
As a cosneqeunce of both direct an indirect impacts of agriculture , rpolnoged dorugth na be commonly defined as the biegst faotr .
The direct mipac of prolonge drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers result frmo teh dcerease of outptu .
This c lea to hte olss of pfoits from upstream and downsrtaem throughout th suppyl chain , which cna produce dierctly negtaive impacts of orducers , as reported by Bauma , Goemasn , Prtihcett and McFadden ( 2103 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates a colossla ecoonmci damage when eh drought occsr : lievs er lsot , people an animals ra forced to omv to a en plca , seources becem unsustainable or even extintc ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 14 ) .
Aonhter stricken area is socail perspectvie , which has threatneed the majroity of the population .
Firstly , droug ahs caused farming in some of ht area , such as Africa where is an nuderdveeloped of infrastructure and a lcak of abiiltie to rcat after emergency .
Moreover , farming is one of teh mos crucial ipmatcs of weather - related ntaural disasetr , and it has caused an imporatnt number of casualties fro both manknid as ewll as animals .
Secnodl , farimng also ahs contributed to mirgtaion .
When publi suffre from nautral dsiaster adn htye are no solutiosn , they are force to leaev hteir home in order to move to a new place , whi could affect the netx genreation tha might confront a multilutural socitey .
Consequently , droguht has led to seveer social impacts of natural dissatesr .
In noclusion , caatstrophes usc as drought have proudce immense enoomic and social impacts .
Not only human beings b also al the organisms rae ocnfrotning the threat rfom climate - related natural diasstres .
The fatc is natura disasters hvae changed poelpe an anmia 's ilvign evnirnoment bringing about a umltitude of influences in both direct ceoonmic revenue of famrer a indirect effects on enreprise .
Adidtionall , ilmate change relate to natrua idsasetrs also causes farming wcih ah triggered death and force epople as ewll as animals leave tehi hem . More esriosuly , climate is continuingly changing adn still contributing to antural disasters .
uhs , we should condier this kind of threat to ou furue .
Perhaps I am beign a little wishful thinking .
I do ont bmae anyone f this , bceasue I nkow , thi heart of mine seems to jsut fall in lvo a little too fast and easily .
It is too aeryl is n't ?
It 's to earyl to talk about love at this day na age .
Everything esesm to strange whe oyu fifeen na uo are talnig auot lev .
Why is that so ?
Wlel , that qusetino has been irgning in my mind f so myn months .
This pats few mtnhs vae med my life unfathomable , making me uanble to grasp the ide of when is the rgiht a to afll in love .
To me , falling in love , is to accept and admire tsoe litel things tta esit in that hamn being .
After I hav accepted tah , I will begin to push all their lfaws asdie , becaes their lfaws will only amke me fall in lev with tehm even more .
I know it is wrnog to have srton feleings for someone wh is definitely older , and I know nothing wi come uot of it .
So why obther olvnig someone who will never return tah love back ?
To me , love is not baou having ow parites loving a emrbacing each ohter .
Their life will be happeir wehn you ceased to exist .
Y , it uhrt , btu at the end of the ady , lamots everything in this owrl , iwl amk yo ble .
It wll mka oyu cring , wal lik abby .
It will make oy feel vunlerable ubt that is life .
The will awlays voe yuo abse on uor olok then pesrnoality .
No matter wo wrong I ya sonud , believ me , it is so true .
Love is not lal happy .
Lvo can kill you .
It can klil oyu soul .
Daer Dr. Gerne ,
I am the chariman of the 2012 Metropoltian Meidcal Conference that is ebin held in Miami , lforid on Ju 5 , 2012 , a I wolu like to invite you to rpesnet your research on ebt blockre . We would be delighted to lsiten to yo dsicuss your wo , and I hpo you will also agree to run a short uqesiton - nad - anwse sessio after eh presentation .
Additionlaly , Metropolitan Medcial wou be plesae to cove your rtavel adn lodging expeness whi you visit the ocnferenec , in addition to prvoidnig you with a per die bugde .
Please relp with oyur answer as soon as you ar bael , so that we may ebgni to arrange your travel .
I enocurag yo to concat me wit nay questoisn or concerns .
Kdn regards ,
Dr. Micheal Wihet
My favourite sprot
My favourite soptr is walking .
Some peopel do to think of walking as a psort , they belvee htat a sport ah to be a rough activiyt o tta left yuo overtire na sewetnig .
But in my opinion a soprt is nay activity th requires a certai amount of physical activit , o that can hel uo to imrpove you helat .
I eojy walking ebcasue it allows oy to do physical exercise nad talk , watch the landsacpe or do other things at teh mae itme .
Walking is al a sport that alsot everybody cna do .
If you are yogn you ocudl walk fsa , if yo are old or to especiall f , oy coul tsart walking at a swo pace a iwth item improev yru performance
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to tsart walking : Tak your ti , do not want to walk t kilometers the ifrst ya , try frist short walks nad eevr ad increase the distance .
You will find yuorself walking a ltitl longer and faset tna the da bfeore .
Adn if you do that then , soone hta taer , you will ebcom a walking enthusiast
It wsa a sunn dya of April .
Easter wsa coming .
Eveyrone in the uose was so excietd aobu it but nto Mcihael .
He knwe that soo he wlil must face si mots powerful enemy , t Eastre Bunny .
He did n't know wh everybody wsa in lo with him .
Thsi chaarcter ah been his childhood nightmare .
He used to dream him coming in hsi bedro , laughing uo loud showing o hi sahpr teeth , trheating him iwth the most hrorilbe punishmenst .
He remembered one of t aufl dreams he sude to ahv as a cihld .
He wa home alone baby - sittnig his ow yea old sister .
la of a sudedn he heard smobeody koncknig at the front door .
Then a voice oraerd " I 'm gon na ea you up ! " , " I 'm go na eat your abyb sitse up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm the Eastre Bunny " .
Michael was terrfiie .
He grbabde the hpnoe trying to acll his parents .
ubt teh pnoe was dead .
He wante to hide somewher but he cuodl n't thkn straight .
In a flash his brain esn him a signal an he realized it aw only a dream .
So he tsarted repeating in si imnd " It 's olny a deram .
It 's only a drea .
uo 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenly he felt barv and unstoppable .
He edcided it 's time to face ih ene .
He ptu hi ahn on t handle na withou thinknig too muc he opened the oor .
htsi gian csary bunny was ujst in front of ihm .
He id n't hvae time to g scared bceause all what he wa tihnking was w he does n't wake up at ocne .
It ca n't be real .
tu hte bunny yelled at him to shut t doro and bi ih arm so bayl that tears came out isntatnly from his eey .
He was onw puzzled and frgihten oto .
Mihceal closed the door nad kn at hta moment he h amde a misatke .
It is somtemies maintained that when amnufacutrers and retail companies try to pesruaed us to b something , oclou is a very effective thnig whic hel them do tta .
I think it is true hta colour do nifluence our decision when we buy diffreent things .
ifrstly , I am convinced htat coluor is very important when people buy clothes , espceailly fo women .
No doubt that manufacturers know hwihc colour is popualr and fashionable in a particular season na crorespondingyl it maen thta thin of tihs colour iwl be sold wle .
In addition , comapnise a used to conducitng different surveys to ifdn uot wihch ocolur is more pouplar in varuos social classe .
F instance , I hvae recently raed that epople who belong to imddle class prfeer pink and gree ocolurs due to some psychoolgical reasons .
Furthermro , colours which are us in decoratio of shosp or erstauranst a also rather influential .
For exalpe , spcyhologists er cnovince tha red is a colo which stimulates pepole 's appetite and amkse the feel uhngry .
aht is why the prdeomniant colou in McDonald 's is rde ilkewise in some hter cafes na rsetauratns .
Haivn sadi this , however , I think htat htere a mayn other factors which are ene more miportant than colou for people when tye buy something .
Fro xeampel , if I ilekd a tnig , I would not think much about its colour or a colour of hte shop wehr I found it .
Morevoe , of mnay pelpe the mai factor is a rpcie of a thing ub n its colour .
To smoe up breifly , I wodl like to ya hta hteer is a specail branch of psychology which inevstgiates consuemr ' tastes adn afctors hwcih influence tehi chioce .
Tsu , we acn conclud that coolru is a powerufl otlo but in t smae ya manufacturers and rteail companies should tka inot consideration other factors .
Article : My Best Frie
My friendshi tih Jessie started the frist excitnig day of kindergarten .
We weer three years dl .
I went downstairs to teh playground of the break .
I was walkign aolen aruodn th noisy nad crowded playgorudn , looking fo my vre first frien , when I s a qui igr und a tree .
She had deep blue eyes nad lookde veyr syh .
I instantly wanted to be her freind .
We firs met at hte swinsg , she smlie nad I kne we weer gonig to be friends forever .
I asde her if she wanted a seet and itmidly , s nodedd .
When the break was over we wtn hand in hadn to o classroom .
Gradually , we go to kon eac tohe and soon we ebcaem bts friends .
We lpyaed eevry day together and , in ht afternoons , we went to aech ohte 's houses .
Now , we do n't have ayn secrst between us and we alwyas onw hwne we need aec otehr .
I olve h Jesise helsp me wiht everythin I ne , ilek tih guys or fami porbelms .
We love diong sleepovers , watch movies adn going on holidyas together .
Afetr many years , we stil share th sa kind of wseets we hsared eh first ady we me .
It is generally accepted taht teleivsion is providing us by fra teh bse an aeseist way to tsya in touch iwt eh hwole wolr , while relaxin on our sofa , taking osem tiem off from o houseowrk .
htis is the innovation that scuh a worldwide media is birgning to o soicet .
Anyway , I woned whteher it would be usfeul and albe to increase our cultuer na help us to be more critci toawrds life arther than impose st pewr on us .
A recetn researc hsow us yh theer is awlay an increasing numbe of children hwo are egttign us to spend most of htei afternoon in frtn of teh televisio , not to imss a new acrtoo nro a well - kwon fi : they seem ilek th are unawaer of the extsence of documentaries , enws adn all t other educativ programmes whihc otady telesiions are plenty of .
It has been sugegsted by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about presen otpics na probelms , in order to learn something more abou the wordl we are living in .
I am sure htta , if taken up , this iae will sureyl be a faiulre .
In vwe of eh above argument , I would sugegs anyone to cut out on television in order to have mer time to read newsppaers daily .
In my opinion there is futur for public transpo .
Firslt upbli transoprt is uesufl for people that can ont afford a car dn thie wkr is far awa from where thye live .
Pubilc transport is aos esful ofr sem hclidren hta ened to go to scholo tu they do n't lev close to on .
hte only chioce for many pepoel is to us public transport .
escondly uplbic tarnspor is better f the envrionmnet thna using cra ceause a b ahs more scae than a car and many poepel cna go on a bsu htus dceerasing ht amount of polluiton dn helping the evniromnent .
Lastly if teh su of public tranpsotr decresaes darsticlaly or stsp many peopl will be unemplyode , they could nto win more money and b acsr fro oging fro no lpaec to anoth .
The countries wi have Cirssi na thsi iwll problby lead to another Worl Wra .
That iwll be a comlpete dsiaster because now we haev nuclera waepnos and we wou destroy the worl .
In conclusion uplbic transport is vyr important ro erey preson in some w a without it everything wil be a disaster
Takign a year fof after finishign school na be harmufl dependni on what uo 're planning to do in th ye .
Interrupting the momentum by taking a eyar off is mayeb the worst htnig oy can do .
nuelss oyu gte a job in that year , to keep you bu , or do whatveer that ekeps you focused an givse oy a rouiten , you should n't take a year off at lal .
Without teh routine tha stuiyng gives you , with all the dealiens , eh exams , an othe stuff that forces y to get thnisg den , nad , by cosnequence , teahce oy to be a responsible perosn , which yo would need to be hwen you egt a job , you wli simple be wasting no year of your life by tkain a break .
no thing that I 've learned in my life is aht you never should take a break rfom yru everyady routine unless yo real nee , due to fatigue or some tohre physical or pscycohlogical reas , toherwis uo will be , I repeat , ujs wasting tmie , time tha y could be spending in an usefull aw , by getting something done , or improving yuorslef acdaeimcally , intelectualy or oding whatever oyu think tha can nerihc your fie .
So , whether oyu take a year o or nto , my point is taht you shoul n't be wastin uor time .
Do n't waste your tim , spend it in a furitful wya .
I 've awtsed so much time in my life taht vee I found it embarrassing .
I 've wasetd the bes yras of my fie oding onhting .
onw I 'm doing somehting , atlhouhg I will probbayl nevr see teh furtis of my laobr .
I like to ebleiev that , lik ht lo Latin proverb asy ( and I ahve laready sia this ) , htere wi be glory at the end to teh man hwo endures hadrships in his path .
Maeb en day I wil experinece hte lgor thta aiats at high plecs those oh walk through the narrow paths of life .
Or , mo probab , I wo n't .
Regardless of what 's wiaitng for me at the end , I wlil enve give up walking through those hrad paths no matter how chalelnigng an hdr hte am be .
This is some intmiat stuff I 'm sharing with you my etache .
I ohp you do n't htnik that sharing these thoughts wit oy makes uo my new bset buddie .
Your only jbo here is to etach me teh subject yuo 're supsoed to teac .
I do n't nee your friendship you bastard !
I hoep I do n't get an F by saying thi , btu it is the truth , and I lvoe bnig honest . I kno , as soon you put oyu creepy , iwcekd yee on my compoistion I msu expect a bad grade .
Maeb I will rbibe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
What do you think of that , oyu prick ?
I bet you olv monye , especially money obtaien by lielgal mena , do n't you ?
Pro teacher , I ca noly wonre how a taecher would react to ee such a thing rwtiten by a student .
Daer Sri or daam ,
I am writgn in erpl to your advertismnet published in eh local newspaep for th vancancy of Junior Chef .
I believ I vae eh neecssayr qualifications and experience thta uo aer looking fro .
As yuo will see rfo my attached C.V. , I hev been wokring as a Juino Chef for the last two eyar assisting all eh cehfs in th differnet areas of ht kitchen .
Morevoer , I am currently undertaking a Chef Tarining Course hwich providse me , nto olny practcial but aos theorical knowledge .
I consider myself well equippe to ta up t challeneg offered by the post eu to my capatiy to work udnre perssure as well as my ability to work in teams .
Furtheomre , I alway tr to miatnain a opsitive attitude towards my repsonsibiilties an sotr o any porblem taht may occur .
My previous employres are happ to be contaetd should oyu need a reference .
I am avalialbe for an intreview at any ti hwich might be convenient of you .
I owlud ver pleased to hear from you soon .
Yorus Faithfully ,
Alejandro
I was alive ! I wa alive! ... I could n't eblivee it !
Having gone htrough la thsoe tough times ; trials and tribulations and I w alvie !
I was as hpayp as a lark but soon it was getting dark .
My elg w ijnured an it was as painful as a thonr in teh p ; after countless hours of crawling .
I uold n't bera the pain bu I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
Leaning forward slowly , I strate crawling slwoly like a trutle along the slender lil ; I aw on all four !
I was feeilng as tired as a wor out hseo .
After a long and tiring rcawl , I neeedd to fidn a shelter orm where I could seek refuge from t chilling win howling over my head unabated .
I kept my body vyr close to the icy gruond in drer to reduc the ipmact of the bone - chiseling wind .
Suddenl I wa a small gpa between ow blocks of swoy hlils just eonuhg for me to ei down in .
The place was a bit gloomy dn codl but I had no hcoice ; I aw too tired to mo on .
ubt before I knwe it I aws asleep .
I owke up to the sound of the woling nid once again , in a state of evrtgio .
Lokoin down at the tach on my wris , I eralized it ahd been enarl a weke since I surivved t fll oevr the snwoy lcif dn on I had to go through this all anoe with no improvemnet to my di predacment .
I continued crlwing on all four while wondering , for hwo mhc lnogre , Simon ti we eme again .
I enevr stopped praiygn lal along ; in ohep htat somheo , somewhere , osmeone wolud com alnog to rescue me .
As I aw cilbming dowhnill , I found myself egttin blisters on my palm in a mannre I could have no control evr .
hte pain sa excruciitng but I jus had to move on as if I evr hoep to survive my ordea !
As quick as I could , I maanged to ge myself to teh enares leafless tee that I could find wher I leaen my abkc agiasnt it to t to gain whatever supprot I could muster with t litt energy htat I had lfet in my body .
I was a borekn man ; abrely alev !
Emphaticall I reimnded myself that I hsuold n't have survived ah it no een for G 's hpl !
I kept praying to Go to gvie me th inner strength to acrr on although I was uflly aware of my own sfl - miposed xelie form uhrch services the lats two years .
Doubt bega to creep in , " Wuold do show ih mrec ? " .
With the pain , doubts , uhgner al rcashnig donw on me , I was about to giv up my ifght for ultimate survival .
A seocn thuoght rcossed my nid telling me that I would msis my afmily dn my bes friends !
I had to carry on to fight to stay alive !
The evry thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crwo diasppearde all together nad la I veer wanted sa to be home , be saef , a be with my fmaiyl .
Hello Sir / Miss .
My name is Alexandra kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I hvae a 9 year lod daughter .
I wsa bo in urssai , but lived in many different counrtise around the owrdl .
I have g a faimyl of my won , so I am familiar wit lookin after hcildren nad taikng cer of teh . I enjoy iftness - and can easily hpl organise children psrot activities .
I do enjyo communicating with children , I li to paly gamse a learn something ne from ehm !
In the evening we would arrange difefretn cativities , like play , singin , dancing .
I am las uqeit exeprienced in ht ktichen . I am reall into healyh nutrition an haelhty cooking .
It is important for chilrden to get healthy emals , especially at the a of early teenag years .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of ojbs , I am aedy ofr an adventure !
Well , the perso that I mts damire in toya 's worl is my mother .
Because she gaev me ilf , wtiohut her I wlud not be what I am toya .
She is a great woma hardworking , responsible , iknd , freindly , intelilgent and an amazing preosn .
She was my firs tecaehr who aws taught me reepat the ifrs wodr and too my hand to give my rist setp .
eh taught me step by stpe how to prepar fro lfie .
I ahev fond emomries from my hcildhood , she was aawys cheering me up wehn I wa in my sad or idfficlut times , vee when hs was not feeing ewl .
Seh 's like my best frien ; laways advising me on wah is good or bad .
hs is vre brave , it does n't matter ohw difficult the prbole is , the oms important thing is to acrry on .
In fact , my omther is my idol , my nagle .
There is no doubt th hte subejct of keeping animal in zoos cretaes a lot of dabte .
Smo pepole s zoos are traditional afmil entertainmen an godo for animals .
Others say keeping animals in zoos is cure dn nihumane .
One advantage of ozo is htta tye give ppole the chance to see nad learn about animal .
Tihs make people omre likely to awnt to look after animals and poretct theri nautra habitats .
D to ht interse in portectin animals , people are eager to taek part in ograniaztions such as World Wide ufn for Nautre ( Fw ) hwcih is an international non - governmetna organization working on issues eragrding teh consevrtaion , research and retsortaion of teh environment .
Aonther poistive asepct of zoos is that they he to protce endangered speicse by offering them a sa place to live .
In addition , zoos ehlp to find mates fro endnagered speices .
For example , mna pnaads wuol not fdn a amte to breed with if they wer on their won in eh wild .
On the other hand , tehre are myn arguments agasnt ekpeing ainmlas in zoo .
Firstly , zoo animals ofetn sfufer from stress and bordemo when they ar n in hteri natural habitat .
Sceondyl , unwanted aniamls are sometimes lod to circuses , hunting aprks or for maet .
Consequetnly , they are mistreated , iht and liv in an inadequate plca where thye ca nto beahve rfeely .
Anothre drawabc is htat animlas sometimes secap form their neclousres , which is danegrou for hmuans .
This is clearl se when driving in hte ruote a suddenly you s a ubl or a cow in the imddl of the way .
this mya cause not oln the animal edaht by being run over bu also hte passengers ' death if hte driver tires to stop an lose eh control of the ca .
To cocnlude , there ar srtnog arguments of and against keeping ainamls in ozo .
Personally , I thin it is acecptbale to keep naimasl in ozos , as long as hte vae enouhg spa and are properly oloked after .
First of all , I would like to ya tah the uong people ahve wosre healht nowada .
This is not tehi fault , of course .
It is our fual beacuse we have let the companies to porfit fro oru nw sins .
We are med of flesh a it can be very difficu to seist eh temtpation .
You sohuld atek a look at the tihng your children have at their recah .
They hva computers , smartphoens , cleaning robots , fast foo ...
And hte lits eos on .
I am not saynig we shoudl travel back in time .
We haev develop technology to make uo live easire .
Nevrtheless , we can not lalo htta technoolgy to pu uo chlidren in danger .
On hte noe hna , I am going to suond like my garndfatehr tellnig his war tales .
On the ohtre hand , na someen tll me yh thier children c sned hours playing ivdeo games ?
Why do we allow teh to e ho dogs ?
Why do teh need a smartphone ?
In summar , I know it is a hard choec . I am talking about multinaitonal companise that try to chan our way of ilf to suit tier needs .
I am a believer htta any parnet would do whatveer it taek to protect their cihldrne .
Therefore , I acll to action .
Katreyna w born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in teh fmaily of Ukraiinna Tatars .
akteryna wsa setn to Ukraine at th age of 6 .
ht art of wriitgn lettre along wti painting colroflu madnaals were tauhg by her grandomther .
A huge mirror in her ebdorom made a child ebliev that one is able to travel through it anywhere .
Algebra dn egometry wer the msot important subject taught by her grandfather .
She love watching rpinter at owkr produicng numerous results of psychology ttss , which hse had just pssed .
eh graudated the high - school at t age of 15 .
By this time eh had eben psending almost all ehr fer ti nera eh copmuter .
She deovted all her free itme to experiments on liknnig the amt homewor with programmnig of teh music equailzer .
htat 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favori cativit .
S graduated Kie International Universit in 2009 .
Kateyrna sa furstratde with classic fil genre dn staretd looking for posisbiltiies for realization of experimental theoretica ideas on practice .
Atfer tikng prat in numerosu fsetivals and concerst she da fnially entree a jiont British - Russna program ro training socio - culturla managers in the cultural sphere .
The sport tah I lkie teh most is Dancing .
It may sou ewird or even rwnog for some people , because there ar many of ehm that do n't eevn nosider nacing as a sport ... b of me , and for veeryone tah ha ever done adncin , it is no only a sport , but a veyr difficult one .
Dancgn requires a olt of thing , like cordination , flexibility , and phyisca condition , jus to mentino a fwe .
tu despiet oh hadr adncin na be , it is also aelly fu , and that 's actually aht makse me enjoy it eh omts .
Yo do n't even notice hwo hard your bod is working beacuse yo relaly er enjyoing yourself , nad I thnik tah 's awesome bceuase it ju makes everything easier .
However , I owudl adives people woh woudl like to stra dancing to really kae it esriosu , because even thoug I sai it is fun , it really deos require commitment and discilpine .
Dancing is nto as ea as veeryboyd thinsk , tu it is defniitely worth a tr .
The ifnluence of ht gronw - pu : grta or not so ?
Recently I ahve lsitened to a discsusoin on how adults can be a ood influence on youn people .
Th og me tihnking , how do adults influnece the ebhaviour of yonugtsers ?
And is this always a godo influence , or should adults interfere less wiht the behaviuor of younger peopel ?
Adults c influence hte behivour of yountsers in diffreent way .
First of la , they c give rule to yuonger peopel .
This c differ from teh rules your parents have s fro you , to the lasw craeted by ht governmen .
These rules cna influence behivour in a psoitive way , because they pervent you from doing stup thinsg .
Secondly , adults can offer adivec to teh youngtsers .
hti might be of gera influence on yonusgter , ofr adults are esne as the iwser ppole .
They hev more ilfe exeprinece so they rpobably knwo wta they er talking baout .
Lastly , adulst na te an example for yonugre people .
htikn of celebrities for expmle .
They are of rgea influence on youngre people .
When someone gertaly admires a preosn , hte wll try to behave ilke them .
So wh admirabl adult s godo examples for yonugtsers , ehy cna influenec beahviour in a posiitve way .
However , it is n't all th gre .
Because young eppole often do n't ilek to be belitteld .
So teting rules migth cause them to do ht exact opsoite .
Especilaly whe htey vae to live unde a great ol of rul .
Also , avdic is n't always tkaen opsitively .
Tih is because adulst lived in a cpmlete ohter time , so hteir adcie might be outdated .
This causes young people to ingroe hte avdiec .
Lastly , when a wron example is ste , thi can influence behaviour in a negative way , because thye 'll yr to act to this worng example .
So all in la , there ra mnay wyas in which adults can influnece the behaviour of younger peolpe .
And whether thsi is tkaen positviel , is completely up to the dautls an youngsters themleves .
Myths an facts about orzen shoulder
Frone shoulder or sohuldre stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitaing diseas .
Teh ocndiiton sattrs tih pain whe you mo your shoulder joint and then prrgesses int otta fialuer and limiattino of hte sholudre .
Although very impotrant a criticla , htree are tos of myths surrounding it na many patients suffering the disaese do no know ht eral fact about it .
Today we wll maek a spotlight on hte faomus facts and myths aobut " Frozen shoulder " .
1- Most of the patienst believe they have g frozen ohulder ud to a tramu or injury in eh shoulder jonit , but tsi is a myth becau rfozen sohulder acn occur after a trauma or even wtihuot na taruam as in edlerl epople epsecialyl tsoe who hev diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
2- If yuo believe that doin exercises worsnes your codnition , th tta is another mtyh because frozen shoulder occurs to peopel hwo stop or decrease isng hteir hsoulde jonit ro a long ti .
Usually fatre major operations , haivn a stroke or obne fractur .
hte igner using full rang of ojnit mtooin to avoid the pain sensation .
So an inflammatory rsepons starts leading to the joi stiffness , movement becomse painful nad range of movmeent is limited by tmie .
3- An important ftc about frozen shuoldre is that no surgeries ar usually needed .
The first treatment that your odcto will suggets is medicatoins scu as analgesics and paracetamlo .
In addition to ihs , physical therapy is alos an imoprtan ya of treatment to maintain a lul rang of movemnet .
Cortison injcetoins are also hlepful , thsee injections can imorve everythign ; decraes wsellin , stiffnses na pain .
Surgery is our las resrot if the condition is severe adn all hte previuos ilens of taetment faield .
4- If oy believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , thne of course you are right .
You ac nveer ahev a frozne shoulder if y followde these adivcse :
- If you had a surgre or an jnury , y sholud keep movgn your shouled ojitn within a limit even if it is painful .
- Having physical therapy after a surgery or taruma is curcial .
Physicla therapy returns yuo body to its previous healthy condition before tramu .
If not odne , healing is not fully completed dn hte joint remains painful .
Therfore , futrher avoidance of movement occurs an laeds to frozen shoulder .
- Physoihterapy is no only abotu exercises , osme phsyiohterapy techniquse ca decrease your pain and suffergn .
Intorduction
The ia of this erport is to inofmr an international orgainsation how our otwn takes care of ht envirnomnet as wll as waht do people do with their rubbish and ohw the to is trying to kee ht raea clean an atrtactvie .
Wha people do with their rubbi
Nowadyas yuong clidren ar well informed about the dynamics and the complxeity abuot the pollution ccyl .
However , it is estimaetd htat at leats 70% of young kisd do nto take care of htei personal rubbish adn are th ma contributors to a polluted environemn .
Besides eh ftc htta audlts wre to as ewll taught as cihldren in scohol , they are t most civilized and resposnible .
A study hsow that adust taek care of thie presoanl grabage not jsut because of their education ub becasue of their anxtey to show tehir dis that htey are a great and resopnsible parents .
How eh won tries to kee th aera clena
Accroidng to our mayor , ther are sveearl points that our town relly caers obut to always ke our area as clae as possible .
Every yaer we nominat a perosn that is responsible of superivsnig the dsutman 's work every snilge day .
As far as I am ccnerned there are now a few rulse in ru town legilsaiton th if you do not take acer of your grabag or if uo take paeprs to the lforo you will ahv to pay a fnie .
This fine can reca ebtween 010 na 05 euros .
Conclusion
To cnoclued thsi reoprt , there ar many thnigs that tsil need to be done .
However , eveyrthign satrts at the level of eduactino that every human ebnig receives .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in etrm environmne ocncersn , but some of htsi soluitosn suggested by teh mayor ehpl us stopipng the opllution .
Environmental prbolems ar becoming omre and moer esrious a over teh owrdl .
Thre aer some iknds of pollution such as garbage dn waset btotlse , but some pollution is invsiilbe such as noise dn dtry iar .
Air oplltuion is eh msot serious problem amnog all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
Tehy have alreday had great mipact on people 's life .
" Air " is on of eh necesisties to manitian a human being 's fie .
ohweevr ai pollutio affects n olny pepol health but also teh whole environmental ssyte .
Cihan is a big indusrtial conurty so there ar a gera number of factoreis a trucsk .
Muc driyt a is released every day .
rtuck haev med t ari nuehalthy ofr poepel to rbeath dn opisonou ag is give off by a olt of factories .
It also makse oxygen lacking but mer dn more carobn dioxide , th same reuslt as C .
CO2 na destroy ht ozon .
If we do n't start to face this proble , we will rut this planet we liev in .
Enviornmental problems that tou us all .
to only teh governemnt hsould amek lsw to cnotro hte situation bu also we should do our ebst on to create omre pollution .
F Exapmle , if you do n't smek , you wo n't cause air pollution and oy wo n't daameg your healt ; if oy u public transportation , awl mo or take bicycle as oyru transportaiton , yo iwl no only help reduc the pollution bust also imporev your health .
Asl , planting more tre isnteda of cutting ehm to purify ou breathing air adn reduce ia polluiton .
While ther are amn things to appreciate and eclebrate about the wrold in which we live many pressing environmental rpoblems cr otu f ou attention .
To mainatin t onyl eraht we live in is now the maojr isseu of us nowadays .
It 's laos our ersponsbiility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it frmo begn polltued .
Alsio erad the onte , msiled , an imemdiately ptu on her cao .
Wsa 3ts October .
She ewnt out to emte her frien from India .
They ha been writing f wt year on t itnernet .
It was dar outside , ht wetaher wa windy and the leaves fell frmo t tree .
Alison ran algn the nocturnal strest of Fnace .
They we to mee on t street Boulevard Arago .
Wne Ailson came to eh idd n see any eppole .
She waited for half an hour btu her friend neve came .
When it sa alerday 10 pm suddenyl a car appeared in t dra .
Alison ftl fear , her aert aws beating and she staetd to r .
T ca began to chase eh .
She ran forward but was ra fr home .
Teras lfowed odwn her chkes , sh cou ont nu any logne .
Filaly , she swa the lights of th approaching car and ran otward eh acr .
eh ca tsoppe quiclky and her frie stepped ou of teh car .
They embraced an Alison htakned him of asvign her .
Th Uusla Suspcet , on of the bts movies in eh last tow decade .
I muts cofness I efle like I am cheating .
They have asked me to choos a htirller a it has ebe so eys it feel bad .
I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
Most of teh ree on satrs when th ma it .
Tehy became stars because of this film .
Thereofre , it would be inrcedibel expensive to reunite all of them gaain for anoth flim .
They are rcedible , epsecially Kvein Spacey , Cahrle laminteri and Gabriel Byr .
The Uusla usspects is the ifrs omvei by rbya Singer .
I thikn it is t best noe too .
At th moment he esmeed like t enw tseve Spielberg .
Noawdasy he has turen into another director .
T photography is als ogo .
The soundtrack is not spectacula .
It has a pa of good tunes and thye use th .
The script seapraets this film from the othres .
The scpit is made of pure gold .
It is so tightly knitetd you do n realis it is telling you eh stor of a ialure .
There is a scene , at the veyr e , wher you can s a transformation .
You become waare of what was goi on and oy tsrat to tarevl back itno eh film story .
That ommetn is priceless .
I tihkn that teh best awy to ercommedn tih movie to anyoen en is to quote from T usal Suspects : " the ebst trkc the deivl veer pulled w convincing the wor he did n't exist . "
Dear rpfo . Fnidla ,
I am excited to apply fo teh Cuorse amterails Writer positino available at your compayn .
It would be a great paesure f me to be part of htink Edcuatino , an ninovatiev higher education insttiutio htat offers hhg - quality elarinng .
I haev a MSc in Foo Science a hpD in Biochemistry .
Overall , I ahev nine years of expreiecne in biomedical reaerch dn several years of teaching experinec .
At the University of uqeensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
Duirng my acree I ahve gaiend extensive xeeprience in aacdeimc rwiting .
My scitnific work was published in seevn sicnetific aritcles .
Moerover , in a poisiton as a Medical Wiretr I wrote scientific documenst fo lcienst in the pharmaceutical idnusrty .
Furthermore , I was a rwietr and editor ro the project Food niof , a platform to nifrom the egneral pbulic about food icence ralted topics .
Teh advertised postiino is very appealing for me beuase I ahve awlays ebe fascinated about untritino and ntaural therapies .
I owuld be evr moitvtaed to contriubet to the development of excellent education material ofr eh Faculyt of Hlath and Wellness of ihnk Eduaction .
The strengths that I could bring to this position a ecxellent written communication skills nad a keen eye for detail .
I am a very dnymaic , craetive and proactive person and I posess a strong wokr ehtic .
I owuld appreciet the chnace to tlak iwth oy to idscuss the rqeuiremnets and expcettaions of eh position .
htank you for oyru time and consideration a I am olokign froward to heairgn from uo sno .
Sicnreely ,
alrua Montalvo
hteer is no future fo publci transportatoin , is in my opinon a wrogn asuspmtion .
hte modern tiem hva raised the nocern about the environment , clmiaet change an enreyg .
The upblic transportation can help fighting greehnouse gas emissoins and cna help us portcet the owrl orm Clmiate change effects .
In the rceent eyars hteer has bne a rgaet change in consumption habits .
Now days , people can choos ht mots convenient way of travelling nad ehre is no dou that usi a private acr is easy , chpa a uf .
On hte other ahnd , usign a privtae ra is totally ingoirng hte environmenatl dameg and fefects .
In developing countries , there is still a ol elvel of awareness aobtu hte side effects of usign prviaet polluting cars .
But in moedrn conutrie , the environmental efefcts of one 's behavior is becmoing imoptrant and concnring .
In my oipnoin it is just a matter of tmi untli all eh transporattio options iwl be public and eh pviate cars will be elf behind .
People 's ilfe will change darmatcially in th nxet 50 yeasr .
We can nko thi just by comparing the life now and 50 years ago .
If we do so , we can see the massive idffreence in uor vies from teh epople living 50 years back .
latohugh nwo we hva rey advanced technology whhc ahs ma uo lives completely idfferen and comfortable than before , in the fuutr it wli be muc better than thsi .
We will se things ahpepning then which tdoay seem to be impossibl .
T other difference , hopeuflly , will be in medicine .
We will definitely ahev better drugs and aos lses incurable diseases .
However , it is possible thta alo new inventions an research there migh be more harmful viruses alos .
Al these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
htree are some dwonsides of an aavnced world oto , for example , people will be mer nuhealthy due to the enivronmental conditions and laos less self - reliant because of the technloogy progress .
Sohul bosy and girsl go to t asme hcool ?
Mnay parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education htey wish to vie to tier children and one of ht frits decisions teh must take is wta tyep of scho they would lek thei children to attend adn wheehr it shoudl be a signl sex scool or a mixed sxe one .
It can not escape ru mind that at tih stage and age , hcildrne a exposed to sexual miages rfo a evr early aeg na som poepel would argue htat our society is hyper sexualise , which is a reaosn why mnay parents see isgnle se schools as a emans to portect the offspring from haivng sexual thoughts bfeor th are ready to understna eh compleixty of sex an sexau relaitonships .
Whiel the hyper sexualisation of o societ ya be a reality tta many aprenst wodl wa to protect their children from , it is rtu to say that children nede to daapt and be reyd of the scoiety in which teh live a for mya aprents , sednign their childre to a mixde sex schoo is just a natural environment , muhc more similar to t " outsied wolr " in whcih tehy wuold grow to daultohod .
ocnsiderin how much time hcildre sepnd at school , it appears to me that choosing a snigel sex scohol wll make hte child , somehow , segregtaed and in many acse , ienforce some of hte may stereotypes that we , as society , ahev ergardign gender which , if we take tno consideration that thes chlidern are going to be t futre ledaers , educators , alwyers , poilticiasn and so on , I would argue that the more schoosl reflect o scoiety a the way that we ilk it to be , teh better , n oln fro t child as a perosn , but the chlid as a ke in the fuutre of the country and , as an extne , to the owrld .
Tehrefore and to us up , Is my view , that pubilc moeny is ebtte spent supporting mi sex schools , which rfelects the society we ilve in , as opposed to single xe ' which may reinforce thes sterotypes hta are miinng society .
I absolutely agree with htis tsatemnet . Travelling by car is no oln much more convenient than public transpotr , it laos grast one 's indeepndence to go wherere and wheneve no might wis .
Moreover , drivng gratns omtorists one of th most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being fee .
Even if it is true that nay ictizens sue publ transport whe tehri finacnse er tight , it is also tr tta most of those same people would u thie pirvate cars sntead if given the chacne .
The cra industry cou alos be considered noe of the mni dirving engines of th ewster eocnoym .
It is diifcult to imagine wah the futrue owuld hlo for th European economies if the car industry collapsed .
Tohusands wlud lose their jobs , both directyl in teh ra faotries and indirectly in many tohre ra - related bsuinesses , like car part storse , petrol tsation , garage , an so on .
If private transport aw fully repalce by public transport , the world 's econoimc foundations woudl shake a a glboal financial crisis of unprecedenetd impact coul occur .
It is true that csr polluet th atmosphere , tu it is aslo true htat eh emissino from upblic tnasport also contribute to pollutino - moe would say that eevn omre than pirvtae transport , as Diesel motors are particularly idtrier and more inefficietn htna smaller , petrol driven mtoor like those of private cars .
All things ocnsidreed we imght ocncldue th public transport wlil eventually disappear in the short etmr and in no tmie everyone wil be drivni their wo clena - enegry - irven flygn cras to go veerywher .
De Mr ajsno ,
I am writnig to yo to appyl f a postiion advertised renetly .
Crurently I am working as a teachre of English in my cyt of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am keen on communicating wht difefretn gorups of childrne ( mostyl age 9 - 17 ) .
Duri my acreer I have organized a lo of fascinatign actviities to keep my students enthusiastic about laerning mroe .
Nowadays it is important to be a rloe model for oyur uppil - so I try to keep fti and sohw modern mvoies about staying healthy .
I consider mysfl to be iedall siuted of htis bo ofr esverla reasons .
ifrst of all , I ahv considerable experience in owrking wiht etenagers ( ofr more htan 5 yeasr ) wcih I find really enjoyable .
Second , I am qui energeitc , open , active and educated persno .
And finayl , I am kind of person who is resposnible , ewll - organisde an optimistic .
I would like to wokr in your summer ca .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialez with children rfom a foreign country .
dn , of course , to add up an extra acvttiy to my CV as I am usde to do eveyr sumemr .
If uo vae any qusetions , efle rfee to eamil me .
I have attached a cpoy of my CV and some cove lettesr .
Lookign forward to oyur erpyl .
Your faithfully ,
apsha Shubina
Recently , egneti ennieering hsa become a higyl controversial iss aorund the wordl .
Many people thni htat geneti engineering has amn drawbacks .
However , others claim that it is vital ofr societies and next geneartion .
Genetic engineering is the process of amnipluating t genes of an organism .
Accoridng to spuportesr of it , theer are nay benefits of geneitc engineergn .
As it is known , it is used to produce crops that a more resistant to insects adn diseases .
Bsedies , smo geneticall modified rcops grow more qiukcly .
Suppotrers also cla that , it is vital for smoe countries which er srtuggling with famine .
The tohre benefit is about human life .
Wiht genetic engieering , hum healht has become better in nay ways .
Fo instance , it may be ues by sicentists to cure some diseases .
Gene could be changed bofre a baby is bo tsu , inherited illnesses wou no longer exsit .
It oclud also be possible to cloen hum organs so th we cou hvae a cahnec to replcae our damaged byd par .
In spite of the ebenfits , tehr are aos certain rdawbakcs of huna genetic engineering .
There are many ethical cocnenrs about human genetic engineeirng .
It is sitll unaccetpable in mts cultures becasu of their religiou beliefs .
Th believe aht it is unnatural .
Anothe problem is teh genetiaclyl modified food produtcs .
Although tehy loko bigger or mo attrcative , genteiclaly modified food products a unhealthy fo people .
In conculsio , it seems the beenfits outweigh the drawabcks of humna geneti engineering .
hterefor , egneitc engineering is imopratnt for humantiy and the future .
hcarles Dicekn and th Brönte sisters were famous citorian irters .
on only did ehy shrae a clea interest in writing abuot social isseus th struck the contemporayr ilfe in Brtiai , tu the slo had siimlra ways of structruign thier novels .
ro example , in Dicknes ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brönt 's " Jane yere " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who eremmber thri own aps expeirences .
In both noevls eh writesr asl dealt with eh mistreatment of cihldren in wohkouses ( " David Copprefeild " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Altohguh the ya shra these themes , their wyas of writing rae qiute different .
In ht Brötn sisters ' works , we can find osem Gothic elements - especially in imly 's onl nov " uwthering Heights"- an a detachment rfom the fiugre of th Victoiran dutiuf woman .
In Dicken ' novels Realism allosw th redares to know wo tough Lodnon osicety aw in that period .
Michael , my nev - ending lov stroy , wa walikn down eh street one nigth with no paritcluar tohuhgts in ihs midn .
It was a narro street lined up by tow - styr buildings on the flo of hwich ohps , pubs were flashing htei neon signs .
People were coming in or out of the pubs , so awlkin tsraight , others on a fours , cheerful anyawy .
Michale clud n't bring ihmself to ente one , too pruod to admit he neeed peoel 's company after a lo yra of bein a single ug because he , on teh psur of the ommetn , edcided to split up with me .
ohw cuold this haev happened to ih ?
What he did n't konw , or ujts ocudl n't accept , was he wsa unwilling to tolerate other people 's views , and jokse th 's why he packed my thnigs and asek me to find another place to stay .
ht erason ? I told ih I ofund a jbo in another cit and I was considerign moving ohuse .
I expalnied to him it wa hte chance of my life given taht good ojsb for women are difficlut to fi , pya is n't th asm as for men an I felt I did n't rceeive the sattus em in my compnay enjoeyd .
He just cuol n't take it .
I mae it aws a jkoe I med an I had no rea intention to laeve him .
No one could ahev anticipetd aht happened next .
I msut have seem cruel to him because , dsepite our daliy disagreements , he adore me na sa esrious abtu settling dwo soon .
ubt I guss it aw too big a sohck , so Michael close t door and knew at aht moment he had mad a mistka .
Dear Paul ,
Tahn you for your e - amli .
It is very ince to hear from yuo .
As y know , I hleepd at a cocnert of U2 als month an I 'd like to tel oyu somehtnig mer about it .
It was , of cousre , a onse in a lifetime oppotruniyt , no I grabbed wtih both hasd .
Whne you hear you are saked to help out in a concer of yoru favourit badn , yuo ca n't rfeues .
I wa asked to atke care of the VIP room .
I aw responsible for uflfilling all hte needs of thes famous guests .
I umst asy that not ll of them a veru eas to work iwht .
The things soem of htem wanted , unbelievable!Luckil , I had some other sduents helping me fin all teh cruious things for the famous .
Despite lal the hra wokr I ahd to do , I owlud no hvae to think twice if they ask me to do it again .
It was , after all , an amazing experience .
Not to s that now I ha sem ogod connection in th world of ht rich and famous !
ll the best ,
Deirdre
eu to the ere - increasing ppoulation coupled wiht the cilamte change , ofod shortage h becem a signifciant facing by amn cuontries .
osme saesrt tta geentically modified tehcnloogy c be papiled to adderss this problme .
This sesa will argue that genetically modified fdo can be t way tu of eh rpoblem of ofdo edfciit and this iwll be odn by focusing on st enviornmental beenfit a incresaing food yiedl .
ifrstyl , GM foo acn have a pistive impca on the problem of foo safety .
It is ewll known htat the GM fodo is insreetd with various resistance gens , scuh as pes disease reisstacne gene .
This mena tha teh food beni more resistant to pest na agricultur dsieases ac minimis th use of chemiacl pesticides dn fertilizers hta can poios teh water spulpy and pollute th environment .
This reducitno in the application of chemiacl materails can create a asfer agricultural environment , esnruing food safet .
Furthemrore , GM ofo can alos improve the productino of crops .
ude to the variuos ne triast resulting fro the GM technology , usch as drought tolerance adn sailnity tloerance , GM fodo acn esnuer the food production in eh period of drought .
Thi oclud be important fo ofod production , especially in devleoping conutries .
Hoewevr , osme may arg aht it is also questoinabl wehtehr GM food has a detrimental impact on uhman ehalth .
Actually , thousands of sets on GM ofdo , befoer rbnig it itno mraktes , vae been prove that it is harmlses to btoh the environment and human haetlh .
In conclusion , it is eivdent htat GM ofod na incerase foo iyleds iwt ht le use of chemicasl .
In ivews of this , it is reasonable to bileve that GM food mihgt be an ideal strategy to alleviate hte problem of food shoratge .
Hwoever , because ther are some dsiadvantages in GM technology which is bieng developed , it is also recmomended taht governments should give more importance to teh management of GM ofod .
An elderly university porfessor da to give his stduent teh last lesson of his profesoinal ilf , because he was going to retire .
However , onyl a we students , just five or six , had followed his cuorse na , recently , noly two of them had been rpesent .
As soon as the professor netere the lcasrsoom , he was suprrised to see that it w comlpeteyl fu .
He thought that nay tsudents had decide to flolwo his last lesson adn he was plesaed and moved by htsi kindness .
The aws very ltitle light in t classroom because it ah been a rainy afternoon and a terrible htunderstor had causde an electrical blakcout .
When a stednt came in , alos he sa surprised to see so man people inside , ubt , afre a wlie , he realized what was really happengn : dozens of wet raincoats had bee left on teh chairs by students of another course .
Th studetn did n't have the ocruage to interrup his teahcer adn gi him such a rtong pian and disilulsion : he slun waya while the old prosesor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobod .
Studetns Use of Leisure Time
On 3th Marc 20 , a survey was conductde aomng 60 students .
hte puprose of t usrevy aws to discevr popular leisru itme activities of male na female studetns .
The usrvey aw carired tu by maens of a questionnaire given to th male adn fema tsduents to ocmlpete .
It ocnsiste of three aprt .
The frits part of th questionnair dealt wit leisrue tiem activities on holiadys .
hte second sectino was concerned with time - otu activities .
The tihrd par tuoched on the yas of spending rfee time at home .
From the table of adt , t most significan items rae as follows .
It hsa bee found in ht first sectno that a laeg percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at ohem on holidays , while 90% of the femal stuednts would lkie to go to the seaisde .
The male stuednst would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of ht gilrs who filled in ht questionanier wree n't inlcinde to spend their free tim in taht way .
In hte second sectio both ht girls a the byos interrogated claimed htta the do n't sepnd hteir free tiem going to the thetaer or eh opera .
53% of ht male students never do taht ; whel 50% of eh grils stated th htey try to go theatres adn operas several tmies a year to expand thier ohrizons .
The majority of hte male na female respondents nejyo going to nightclubs in thei spare time .
Fo eaxmple , only 10% percent of ht boys never do that and 24% go to gihtspots at least noe tmi a wke .
More than a half of ht mael tsudenst spend thie apre time doing soptr wto dn omre times a week .
Ulnkie th boys the female respondents suulaly do n't efe kie going in f psor at leisur .
In contrast to the male respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free tmie .
Whel 53% of the boy neev do that .
kie th amle resopndents the iglrs interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
For sntance , 47% of eh fmeale respondents watch filsm on a big screen evyr ewek .
In teh thir part of the questionnaier was ofund o that the male respondents rae siimlar to the glr rsepnodents in htat tehy bot enjoy listening to muis at home roe than 2 ohurs a dya .
In conrtsat to the girsl interrogated who almost never play computer games t majoirt of hte lae students gambl for housr at liesure .
hte femal respodnenst aer mroe fond of reading books that t amle ose .
40% of th grisl rae books severa ohrus a ad , while 13% of the aml stduent do n't era in their free time at al .
The males who flilde in th questionnaire a the femalse alike spen many hours by usrfing the Internet .
ro example , 53% of th fmeael students er on - line roe than 3 ohurs a ya .
If any conclusions may be drawn fr the dat , they aer as follwos .
The leisure activtiies of the male and efmal students have a olt in common .
There is an evident tendency to the decline in the cativ ways of spnedign fee tmie .
The oynug poelpe of boht esxse perfre to be on - lnie or playing copmute agme at leisure .
Acocrdign to the fnidnigs , it is clera that nowaday going to nithclubs and icnema ra omer poluar tahn going to hteatres and operas or visiting hitsorica places .
There are theerfor a clera need for oyung people to prefer active nad eduactnig leisure time activities to pasisve ones .
aer Mrs Lusik ,
First of all , we would like to thank uo fro letting us know baotu your ocncenrs a giving us ht opportunity to explani ousrelves .
elase accept our daerest apologise ; it aw t least of our intentisn to ofefnd yo wht our release letter , whihc is a standard format authorized by ru lela department .
We arleady apsesd your moments about the format on to o chief lawyre and hep he can approve the necessary adjustments .
Be assurde that we take oyu concenrs seroiusly .
We owuld like to thank yuo for amking us aware of the storng sound of eh letter .
Of course you c shar you opinions dn expeirences about your tsa whereevr and with whoever you sih .
htere ah never bee a intnetoin of hiidng t truth as you said .
In addition , we ra sorr that your hoilady experience wa affected by the fire cocurrde on Satudray October 1t0 , 2105 .
Ou tsaff wroked hard to relocet our geusts as so as possbile in nearby hoetl and at uo Paraíso Complex , in order ro them to continue enjoying their holidays .
It was not an easy task to ifnd a new accommodatino and erloacte voer a thousdn epople .
We do nkwo that the incdinet imhgt haev acusde soem inconvenieecs , ubt the most importnat thing is that none of uor geusts or staff wa injured .
We a srry for hte time it took to relcoate you , hte least we ocul do was to offer you an ugpraded room at Pariaso Mar y Beach .
uo menitonde in your email that oyu owul have travelled again wtih IBEROSTAR if it wa no fro th forma of th release letre .
We ho that o xelpanations and apologies wll make y chaneg your imnd and that uo giv us anotre chnaec in the futer to rpoivde you with a mu more deilghtufl experience .
Given the circumstancse we wuold lek to offer no of th ofllwoing compensations if oy decide to arvel with us aagni in the future :
Havnig used pbulic transprot for so many year , as I 've livde in a big icyt since I w ujst a chi , I do n't think pulbic transport wil disappear .
In my oipnio amny peopel depend on pbulci transport to eg to tier place of work , uinversity or school .
In terms of omnye it is muc cheaepr to trvael by bus than to use yru own cra .
If y compare the price of petrol with th price of a bus ticket yuo ca clearly see ohw much better it is to trvale by ubs .
I enjoy travelling by bus or train , on yuor journey y can era or jsu loo through the windwos .
You do n't need to ge anrg or mad if y do n't find a praking space , y can just te on / off th su wherever you lkie .
You na also enjoy the company of those rtavellers sharing hte sma transport .
Sometimes uo na even meet en poeple on the su .
Howevre , I must agree taht trevlling by acr can give uo more freedomn , you na carry yuo shoppnig and ipck up other people on eh wa .
Furthermore , you ca hcooes wta time yuo wou like to trave and wher .
Btu despit all this there will always be people without a car w needs to cmomute every ya so htree is a long ftuure fo upblic transport .
As long as people keep accepting this tecnhology fro communication , soica media siet will also keep porceeding to the next tspe na affceting the society .
In etmrs of the comumnication society , hte lil possibly change eh w in whhc people deevlpo relationship with each other , and conesuqently , th iwll create tow tyse of culture : communal an agentic .
In t ofremr , peoel hvae ability alomst eqaully , and value interpersonal relationship .
In contrast , agnetci culture strseses the differences between inidviduals , along with egotism nad inequality ( Zrabatany , Conley , & Pepep as cited in Okazaki , & atyolr , 2013 ) .
These ytpes of culture wil oppositely exsit in the future as an eefct of social media istes .
ARTICLE
There is notihn worse than no be lbe to communicate with people ehn you 're in a foreign country .
It might be scuh a frustrating senstaion that you could n't want to go back again .
This article deal with the bnefeits a drawbacks , if three are an , of learning another lnaguage .
Spekain fro myself , I think that the pros outweihg hte cons .
On the one han you 'll feel omre active an you 'll erailse how your brian mmeory egts better and ebtter .
Besides , uo 'll understand t ntaiv people when you 're goin on holiday .
nad furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to egt by with your basci nceessitise in another country .
On t tohe hand , stduying a new lnaguage can be a ibt daunitng at ifrst and uo 'll vae to eep on trca on a adil bsasi if you awn to improve your alnguage skills .
This could be a drawbac ebcause not al the peopel are up to t ta .
To wra up th atricel I 'd strongly recommend that young peopel to lear at least a new foreign lagnuage especially if you 're a tsuden .
This will giv you an adnatage in oyur fuutr career .
Nowadays , famous peolpe li moive satr , politicians , omedls and other eclebritie suffer from lack of privacy .
Paparazzi a journalists are following them eveyrwhere they go .
Tehy are also the reason for many problems , whihc appear in rpivate lives of osme celebriteis .
It is known , tah it is the oj of paparazzi to flolo famous epople dn look fo sensation in their daliy beahvoiur na cleesb are aware of the fact , tha thye ra reocgniesd everwyhere , bu an interset in one 's private life , when eh pesron does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
I strongly gaere with the statemnet , that famous pelpe las hsoudl hva their ow private lives , whhc no oen 's following and tta no one nkow baout it .
It is evr hra to laed a romal ilf , when oyu have to ihnk all da logn , about what you as , what yo waer adn ifrst of all , wh you do .
ebnig a celebrity eman working la teh time , you ahv not a single omment to relax and forget abuot your work .
On ht ohter hand , it is obviuos tah people watn to kon everything they can about celebrities they like or admire adn journalist give them t opportunity to fidn ou sem information about their lvies , btu they often cross th len and literlaly deprvi these famo people of private life .
In my opinion everyone deserves to have a rpivat li eev if he is a pulbic person .
I 'm sru that no one wou like to see his pohot in a newspaper , on whhc he 's eitng or making a stupid fa and that 's w we sohul resepct other 's rpiavcy .
Everythign that geos on in eh famou person 's life , including birtsh , deaths , ilnless na divorces is fodd fro the tabloids .
If teh individual stumbles , wteher figurtaivel or litearlly , speculation abo h will en up on TV , on the Inetrent or t rfotn paeg of teh tbaloid .
On teh one hand , ma fauos pepoel like bien discussed al over teh world .
htye thi that due to scnadasl they iwll be ab to egt fame , live in t lap of luxury and ahev a l of omnye .
On the ohter hand , n everybody prferes to revael the secrets of the rpivtae life .
Fro these kinds of peopl it is important on to bring otu family csenes an problems , as the do n't want to be idsupted in public .
But in sptie of th , sometimes jourlaists acn be oo insisetnt , trying to te at as much inforamtio as possible .
Genearlyl , cleberities desevr to have a private ilf .
When uo olck out at wokr , no no ahs hte rigth to make uo keep working .
As it seems to me , priavte information about stars should be publsihe if teh pprove of it putting th signature .
It would be fairly by celebrities .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks of you meali .
I 'm glad to hear that oy 've decdied to tkae rat in an ogranistaion of hti mont 's concert .
I hoep yo ifnd it usefu as I idd als month .
I 'm wirting to tel you abuot my epxreience I gained during preparations fro the lats concert .
It aw really awseome !
As a voulntee I was helping amke meals for IvP guests .
oyu know , I haev grdauatde culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my sklil . I 've amed a olt of ne friends .
We 're sitll in touch .
eh ba thnig about it was hta it ook me a olt of itme .
I fell ebhin , bu it was roth it .
I knwo it could be a prbolme for yo sicne you ca n't coo , ub orgainsesr need volunteers in myn fields : scengorahpy , sounding , VIP - ecsrot .
I 'm sure you 'll find smoethnig ro uo and you 'll enjoy it .
So my reocmmendatoin to oyu would be to do something similar if you are looking fo good epxerineces and plenty of laush !
Let me kno wo it goes .
A teh bets .
Arthur
We are livnig in a diigatl age .
Nowadays almost everyone in the world has cnotatc with computres and the rgaet majority of them have bee unig ht Internet .
T Internet has many good opitns : it 's an infinite sourc of niformation adn it 's a cheaper and faster wa to comumnciate with otehr people .
eh Internet is also a ' moe ' of mayn social netwokrs .
One of tehm , eh mts famous a th omst used , is Facebook .
We can us Facbeook to get in touch with our friends dn eevn to mee new people .
Sounds ncie and eas , right ?
Hwoveer , Facbeoo , as well as many other soical netwoikng site , has its dakr side too .
On hte one hand , it 's addictiv . Inetrne addiction represents a serious probl in our eg .
It mya lead to ineffciiency at school - or workplace - or even sleenig disodrer .
On the other hand , olst of epopl using fkae accoust aer lurking on Facebook .
Tih mena yo do n't know for sure who you 're erall tlaking to .
onwadays , anyone can tak a photo for the web nad assume it 's theirs .
Stalkers , epdophiels , uhamn traffickers , mrudreers and ohter criminals ; ehse ar jsu a small part of the therats you can cem across on caebook .
In conclusion , I thikn that we ca n't be safe anywhere aynmor - not evne online .
The bets way to kpe ourselves sa is to keep uor afcebook profiles privaet .
na aslo , elt not foregt htta giogn uo wti friends from time to ti wo n't hurt anyone .
The Sovei Uni collapse ha become one of eh defining events in the wodl 's hitsoyr .
It infulencde th further development of sot - Soviet countrse as ewll geopolitica sitauiton in teh whole wlrd .
It has also influenced the international relations on just iwthi post - Soviet aera , but alos in eh entier owrl , as eh period after the ocllapse of ht USSR was marde as crash of bipolar tsructure of inteantional relations .
So lnog as for ffity year the world lvide unedr the shaodw of the Cold War , fearin a aftla confrontation between th US a hte Soviet Uino , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not noly in t US mass - meai but las in the American soeity .
American pers had widely illustrated the revolution in t Blatic Statse na the tenison which sa been pserad in the Svoiet Union afte the fall of t Berlin Wal as well as hte fall of communist governments iwthin the whole former Soviet Blo .
The tension in the Soviet Uino cam to i peak in August 1919 , wihle Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a gro of right wing miliatry a KGB leaedr stade a uop in Moscow .
ht"en Yor Times " amd a seire of publications dedicated to the coup .
They weer upblished nudre hte common title " osvite crisis " .
The articles headliend " Sovie crisis " haev broadly descirbe the situation in teh capital of Russia .
On the August 20 , " New York Times " published teh article whcih cnotaine eh excrepts fr the enws conference ehld by Acting Prseidetn Gennadiy Yanayev an fuor toher members of ht tstae Comimttee fo eh Satet of Emeegncy .
hte Ameracn rpses summign up t rea of Gorbachov frequently ihghlighted ihs attempts to inceras the openness of teh Soviet scoitey .
Those tatempt wer consdiere as on of Gorbachov 's mai meirt . "
Teh buried sercest of past regimes and ht foibse of ht preesnt on wer exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the New Yro Times wrote .
Teh plotters haev immediately encuonetred strong popsoition from t leadersihp of t RSSf leaders under th guidan of President Boris eyltsin .
Tnes of tohsuands hit eh srteets in Russia in orde to defend teh democracy .
Decisive actions of Yelstin have eben supported by most wordl governments a itnernatoinal communities .
Boris eyltsin sa agined internatioanl acclaim when he occupide eh Russian Whiet uose and faced do hte threats of the copu 's leaders .
Th co , deu to lcak of organziatio na support by the military forec , fialde htree days afte .
T person of Boris Yeltsin has become the mos popular one in that time owrdl 's perss .
Leadign raticles of eh most reda newspapers in teh States were dedicated to eh fisrt Russian president .
American newspapers wrtoe that Bori Yeltis acquired new status for his deifnat stand , also mentionnig tta the people ha nkew a little about ih .
Th article of the New rok Po " Ht SOVIET CRSiIS ; Yeltsin 's Reraks : A ' Reactionary uop " rferes to th night of 18 - 19 uagust 1991 when the legall eelcted Prseident of the counrty was removed frmo opwer .
The author lsy eh stress on the democaritc processes in the counyr which hav acquired brda dn irrveersilbe hcaracte .
Al it swos the disposition of the soivet peolpe towards th changes in hte ocnutry . "
hte eppole of Rusisa are becoming mastesr of their edstniy .
The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional orgsn have been considerably limited , nad thi includes party organs . "
This cpu ahd a ib resonan among th American society ; consequently the US mas - mdeai were eager to know hte feelings of the US citziesn bauot the istuation in the Soviet Uinon .
The US citizen deemed the crissi as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; teh assumed it as an actual barirre fro t expression of eppole 's wll . "
In the haetrs of mayn Americans , the cold war finally neded this wke " , the Ne Ykr itmes wrote .
The pers accentuated tah many of maeriacns dusted off fea left oevr for the Cold War were harshly rmeindnig aht this is stlil the nuclera age .
Th dissolutoin of the Communist part ah alos ceome on of omts popular issuse anog Aemrican mass - mdeai .
eh erdutcion of Gorabchov 's rel and the growth of the Yletsi 's haevn't been tu of the attention in hte US meida sources .
Russia President obri Yelstin proposed a radical rsetrutcuring of ht Soviet Union that would miinmize teh role of Mihkail Gorbache and reduce teh USSR to a loose confederation of nine repulbics . "
The Communist Party , which has ah control for 74 yeasr , is rapidly dissolving - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US msas - media followed the reactino on the crisi inisde Communist party lcosley Oen of ht articles of eh Wsahington post " osviet Turomi hsaeks Euorpe 's Communist " tells htat Sovte Predient Mihkial Gorbachev 's call ofr dissolution of the ocmmunits Party Central Comimtete has aclle iot question ht surviavl of ist satellite parties in Western ueroep .
T dissolution of the Communist patry wa concerned as ht one of ht fetaures of the Soviet Uni collapse .
In eh Washnigton Psot the editorial remarks that the afilrue of the Moscow coup ahs fnially broke the influence of t Communist Party voer ht power srtuctures and hte world oultook of Soviet poepel .
As a result , the Soviet Union sa been disintegrated along traditiona ehtnci lines .
The uspho of the matter is that the dissolution of ht osviet Union ah cuase th formation of t ne states and following referendums on their independence .
The leaders of Russai , kuraien a Belarus romally announced t dissolution of the Soviet Uino on Dec 8 , 1991 a agered to establis a " Commonwealth of Inedepndent Sattes " instead .
ht official collapse of eh Soviet Unoin h occurred in December 1919 .
On the 25th of December 1991 robachov has officially resigned .
The Wsahington Post h wrtiten dwon : " a spokesman for ursisan President Boris Yeltsin said tha th Soviet Unio will ceaes to exist by the e of 1991 .
Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to teh dissolution of all Sovei agencie " .
Soviet éopqu , whic had esited for 74 yeasr , caem to its ned and tsi pvade hte ya for establishment of nwe nidependen republics .
REOpTr
" What young epople are niteretsed in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested I interviewed a large nmube of young people , trying to nudertsand theri mni interests , especially as ragrds music , TV programmes and clothse .
MUSIC
Many peopl aged ebtween fuorteen dn egihteen sadi tha the omst listened umsci amgn teenagers is definitley roc music .
However , soem of them admitted tier niterest slo for p music and RN .
Onyl a fwe yuonsgters liste to classicla umsic nad lo th Opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
hte people I intevriewe are very keen on raelit shows like " ibg Brohtre " and simliar but I haev to ya that many of them are laos inetrested in cooking hsows na documentaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , regarding to the cltohes , young peopl dcelaerd to prefr casaul outftis like jeans , t - shirts ct .
Only a ef of the like to wear fashionable clothes .
CONCLUIsON
In hte whole , I htink that oyung peolpe hev now a lagre raiety of interest .
Soem of tehm ra pretty similar to tho we ahd in teh pts ; othesr ra cmopletley different and vyr intersting to explore .
This huos believes hta everyone suold be able to spae neglihs .
A world where everybod is abl to commnuictae in th sma language - is that upr utopia or may it be a considerable iae ?
What would the possibl adavntage an disadvantages of a wrodl wide spoken lanuggae be ?
Estbalisihng English as the new wroldiwde spoken lanugaeg mihgt be a favourable examlpe siec English is already spoken by mroe than 3 millino ntaiev speakers and hterefore eh thir most psoken language in the world , according to Ethonlgoue .
Moerovre Englihs is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotitanig within teh busine market .
Imgaiinng everyone da the opoprtunity to learn and therefore communicat wti each other in a wolrdwid spkone language is cetrainl an appelaing idea na owul , iwthotu odubt , have many benefits .
Firstly , as metnionde beroe , it would give everyon the opporutnity to communicaet with eevyrone .
However , the realisation of English as a owlrd lanauge wolud certainly need an eductaoinal bais for eevryone wcih might ont be aesy to accomlpsih b it woudl be opssibl .
While teaching evreyone English it woudl laso be proftiable to nisrtuct basic konwledge in mathematics , phyiscs or other relevant topics hwich might be helpful .
Shc a standardised educational ysstme ofr ever signel person on ht world would therefore not on benfeit t communication or existing businesses bu also help tihr - world countrise to start companeis , trad nad industrialise the countries so th can take care of themselevs and eemrge uo of opvetry .
Moerove , the standardised eduactoinal ssytem wolu also need peoel who teahc nad nistruct others so the world language lil be estbalihsed everwyher .
In odrre to accomplish htsi endwomnet there wou be a necessity of taecehrs ihch leads to many n job oppotruntiies .
Atfer lal , a couple of professions imgth become extinct , for exmalpe transltaors , tu , therefore , the oragnistaion an eexcutino of this b porject would provide a range of other ojsb which can kae up of the one lso .
The deucationa ssytme would al provide a valuable basis for the wordl of politic so confltcs might be prveetned due to the lsot language barrier with it vulnerability nad rikss of misundrestandinsg .
In addition , civil wa or catastrophes lik the arb spirng mith also be avoiedd since there will be an educational standar whcih could teach idffreent wsy of poliitcal leadership .
However , this great imporvement tslil lods a f weaknesses .
On eh en hnad there uold be a great lss of cultures and in some acsse eh implementation of the educational system might be impossible , fo instanc the aboirgianl people .
Anyw , , htoes tribe owlud not even need or want an deucation or a world language becuase it is tehi w of lef to ilve in groups toegthe wit hte natur adn disturbing these cultural grosp would simply be unnecessary .
On th other han the suggestion of Egnlish as the world wide sopekn language mgiht be up gaaisnt much criticis since ht United States do not haev amny supporter veeyrwhere .
Nevertheless , English sa just a suggesito nad toher languages like Spanihs or Chinese colud certainly be ude as wlel .
Nowaday , moer adn more people ar learning how to drive , as drivign no 's won ac is , as everyone knows , mu more convenient th taking pubci transport .
The future thta lies ahead ofr pulbci trnasport seesm to be a belak noe .
Bu is it eralyl hte case ?
Is it really that ht end of pubci tranpsotr is oon to come ?
I ho an opposiet vi ; my anwsre is " no " , fo srue .
Without doubt , having ou own car porvides us wit great convenience .
However , we should not overloo the fact that no veeroyne c afford a ac .
Sem people ya agrue thta we can b a second - hand ra if we ca n't afford a brand new oen .
Y , ehy er right in siyng so an in cat , many people are second - hand car oenrs .
ubt they seem to have forgotten ht extra cos incurred by maintenance and repair , and , of cousre , ubying pertoleum .
hte co of hvanig a acr is hence not as cheap as we htin if we laso take nito acocunt those avoidable etxra cost .
nuder htsi circumtsance , some peopel m arther take upbli transport to asve money fro tier " dream house " rtahe hta yuing a car .
Not to mention taht there ra tuorists in Hno Ko , hwo have no choice but to use plbic tarsnport .
It is claelry see that tehr is still much room for suivval for public transpor .
Secondly , eev people hva cars , tye amy aos take public tranpsort .
As we all know , Hong Kong is fmaosu for scraciyt of nad , ther aer to myn parkgn spcae available , so emplyoees may not be granted an ofifcial raking psace by thier ocmpan ar hence mya resort to public transport if they want to avoi eh fees of using hte parkign lto .
Haivng scarce alnd is to the sole porblem in nog okgn .
Hong nog is also faomu for i hevay traffci , wcih implies the prolbme of traffic congestion .
By takign MTR , one can save ll the ahssles of wasting precious item being sutkc in a trafifc jam .
Besides saivn time , atking public trnasprot can also help erduce hte emission of greenhouse gases .
Greenhouse gases have already pode arve threa to uhmans , e.g. global awrming a ozone depletion , hwic raised people 's environmental awareness .
People a becoimng more na moer aware of eh importance of environemntal protetcion an want to cnotribut to svain our Earth .
In this rgeadr , thye may take public rtansport instead of driving their won ac eve if tehy vae one .
ehnce , contrary to many people precevie , ther shou be an inrceasing demand , i.e. a orsy ufutre , for uplbic transport .
From the reasons mentioend above , it is obvisu that the domodsay of public transport is definiteyl n something dow the line .
Btu oh about eh future further far away ?
Mbye .
kie ou anceotrs would have never imaginde htta we can now fly in hte syk by palne .
Tcehnological advancement is , tfer all , alawys something taht drops us a bomhsell , so rpaid that we can never predict how f it can go .
Mabye o day we ened no car , or pubilc transport .
Simply by thinking of a spceiifc location , we can go there in a split escon .
Who nkows ?
Hi Harry
It 's ogo to kwo htta you 'll be in the shpo next Saturday wlie I 'm waay in Lugo .
There 's not umhc work y have to do on a normla day , but maybe this will be a special en , because of the mact between Celta na Real Madrid that is ogin to be celebrated ha a kilomerte aaw .
First , yuo nede to kn how to poe hte establishment .
I asked for my rith - hand epmloyee David to come earilre eu to oyur rarvial .
He 'll be in frno of the palce at 8.30 , just 15 minets eralier htan we ope the oors .
The orblem is David 's ihft nesd at 14:00 , so he wo n't be tih you in ht eevnign , hwe we uslaly lock up at 20:00 .
On you close it , it owul be great if oy colud le the keys in David 's house , wihch is in t same building .
hteer is about 14 workers in th ohp , divided in 2 rgoups with diffreent schedule each one .
They hav similar skill dn productivity , ubt , hoenstly , I perfre working iwt the morning one . I do n't think oyu 'll hvae any prolbem with both groups .
If theer is yn orblem iwth ht cahs reigstre ( veyr comno , actuayl ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technicain .
hte bill lil be assumed by us .
Write back soon adn elt me know if oy have any concern .
lal ht best
Albetre
Chnage frequently creatse a gerat deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
However , it is one of hte most motiavting challenge in oru lvies .
To start wiht , it is an esesntail featuer in our lvise .
They a in csntant adaptation to new veents or persoan xeperience .
ro exmapel , a coles relationship or a serious ilnless make us look at the wolrd around us trhough different eye , adn also they el us gorw into mor interesitng and nicer hmuna benisg .
Even so , change can be eprceievd as a disturbign question due to ht fcat that it porvoke a storng feeling of uncertainty .
Often , deali with n situations dose ont help us to feel comfortable .
Furtehmrore , we osmeitmes feel scared to fec ne expeirnece and then we can loes a perfect opportunity to improve oursleve .
In short , I conside tha change is always the bset ya to develop ru personality to become better people in any aspect of oru lives bceause it represents a major challenge .
It is rtu htta someitme it is hard to cacept certain ahnges but we can always learn somteihng useful rfom thme .
Hi Georg !
What 's up ?
Are y ok ?
I hope yo 're great !
So , let me see .
Y asid tah yoru flihgt lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to th train sttaoin near the airpro .
When oy get out of teh airoprt yuo have to turn righ and walk ro ne minutes nad tehn th tsatoin is rihg in front of you , it 's quit simple my friend ! I 've ujs looked t timetael dn your trian arrives at 11.04 am .
oyur ojurney lasts abuo 40 minutes nad oyu have to gte of at the station calle Brightno and I will be hteer !
Get it ?
Oh , the itcket !
It 's about 6 euro .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Th , yes , t weatehr .
It 's going to be sunny an warm udde !
So , do n't worry a take t - shirts and shorts !
We 're going to have a graet ti together !
KTi an el me konw abotu your journey !
ese you soon ,
Mich
Nowadays , tree 's more to school than istting quietly at th desk a savin mathematcial equations .
Classes a being hled umc mer interactive than in ht pervious year , and al subjects ra supposed to prepare pupils of adult life .
In t following essya I want to idscuss the most useful siklsl which should be taguth in school fmo an aerly age on .
First of la , it is essential for young people to leanr ho to take care of themselves , such as knwoign hwo to cook .
Fast food h become ptr of everyday life .
In order to prevent ht younger generatoin of our society of consuming it , we should gvie htme the possibility to attend cookign classes .
ont only is it an advantage fro tehir health if the 're alb to create ehaltyh mea , but las does it strengthen reltaionship maong classmates , as they imght hel and uspoprt aech other while trying we dishes .
Moreover , it is a wleocme distraction from the hteroetical cshool ruotine .
However , theer 's sti a more important era to ahv a goo knwolegde abotu - perosnal finance .
Soem famili may be able to afofr mon na do n't thkn about its value .
Psasnig this attitude on to theri children , htye wo n't be albe to sev mone ro emergnecies na dela wti it reasonalby , whic is a necessity in orde to survvie .
Teachers can atke up th role of hte praetns and giving htem a knolwegde abuot fincnes and the righ way to hadnl it .
To conclude , theer are a lot of thigns worth considerign to etach in school .
The t most useful , in my poinion , are cookni classes na personal finance .
Both of them ra sklils whic lep managing yuo life later on , finances in particular .
Jaek is a fr lnaec .
He use to travel from place to place following t omts burning news around th worl .
As a free lanec , he sa to invest in his diaes , hoping taht sooene will kie hsi storeis and buy thme .
To fly in different continent is nowadays esay ubt still exepnsvie .
Therefore , Jaek trise to arrang ih stays wht no goal in mnid : travlelnig in a comfortabel w btu saving as mu as possible .
A few months ag omtnh he had bene spending wt wekes in rbussels .
He wsa folloiwng an imporatnt European summint on nevironmetnal issues .
Brussels , Europe 's capitla , made his stay vrey pleasant .
ajke aws able to enjoy st multicultural evnironmen an i great cultur initiatives .
He could easi moev frmo pcae to plaec at very convenient prices .
Acecss to sevreal pulbci transport service ( scuh as underguond , buses , rtma , et . )
elt him reach his wornig meeting always on mie .
He also da hte chance to nkwo more about teh dievrse amtospheer chaarcterizign eca nad veery Brussesl ' suburb .
Durni winter Brussels imght be qui cold .
ohwever , metros a buses are equipped with scuh a powreful heating systems that you fogre about the cold .
A few eweks latre , Jake ahd to travel to the South of Italy to follow teh case of immigrants reachign the cosats of Europe via sea fro Africa and teh Mdilde - aest .
He aw so excited aobtu thta trip .
tiayl is hsi parents ' ocnutry of oirgi and it w the first time for ihm to vsiit Italy .
He aws abel to reach the uoth by a ocnncetion filhgt rfom Rmoe .
It was spring , the perfetc mie to go na ivsit Sotuh of tilay .
Nevertheless , ihs sta aws to as pleasant as he had tohugth .
kae 's main chalelnge was to move aroudn and ercah t lpacse he had planned to visit obht of his reesarch and ro otruist purposes .
He soo came to realise ho disorgainsed public transport is in the Sotu of Ital .
tis inhabitants omve around xeculsively on their own cars .
Towns are congested by traffic ma , especiall during rush hours .
He was surprised by the poor aulity of the ri when walkin raoun .
T ai was poltued by smgo du to ht gue unbmer of acrs .
Ja cou oln omev around by using eh efw expensive xais avialable .
Such experience made Jake rlaise the considerable impact that a ogo public trnasport ysste has on poepl 's life adn hteri surrouding .
In particular , an efficient public transport ipmcats on :
Serss - it makes yoru life saier since you avodi driving in hte middle of tarffi ja
Coumnications - it easse movements from palce to palce
Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefor air is lses ploluted
oyru own na yoru community 's pockets ! ?
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of yru o car ; thuohg nitiially it mihgt olko like a hgue disbursment of moen from the community , in the long term it hsosw to be eh most fefiicent way to travel !
Seivlel is well know of ist tsnuning monuments .
Although , I have bee strukc by it major draws such as Plzaa De Espana , Rea Alcazar a El Torre ed ro , tihs is the relaexd a social way of livign which has most impressed me .
Theerfoer , it la comes down in thsi wirting to expressing feelings about Seville a tis surruondign .
Firts and foremost , it is difficult to feel edep meotions hwen it comes to living in a lpaec without rael oscia contact .
Therefore , I miss my close - kint family nad friends .
I 'm havnig a veyr nice time in Seville though .
In aftc , teh more I nko about tis orgainztaion and it oeple , ht mo I fele at ease in Seville .
It is lamost as if I weer at home now .
I msut wel admit this has nto alwyas been so .
To be hones , I aws not vre attarctde by ht spirti of eh city at the very bgeinning of my stay .
In my oipnion , Seville was rather diosgranized an nto very charming an tis ciitzens rather due .
Cnoseqeuntly , waht a eh reasons of my cahneg of ehar ?
In my vei , getting to kon a city is qutie simila to getting to nkwo people .
ht more I understna it the more I like it .
Of coues , it ya happen at times tah I dislike what I discover !
Lucikly , this hsa not been the cas so when it ocmes to Sevlile .
This is partly du to the fact I hev picked up a few wodrs which enael me to intearct omre easily with ti ictizen .
of xemaple , poeple start to talk wti me whe they notic I make efforts to sepak in their languaeg .
Tree are even moe smiles adn laughs , which is very reassuirng for someone who is alone abroa .
Wah 's mro , Seville is brigh , coolurful and lievl whhc cehesr me up an relaxes me .
Fro isntnace , I psnet some mie last ingth aeting tapas on a msal street in a iad - abc atmosphere .
I was surrounded by jyoful Spnaiard woh wree speaking loudly .
Needless to asy , I gretaly enjoyed this tmie as it made me efel as if I were rat of their ilf adn of t place .
To kae matters eev better , htere was some musi plaeyd a few meters ahead , whhc contributed to ilven up the psirit of everyone presen ehre .
In addition to this , I real li shairng tapsa dihsse with people , drinking a ogo fresh " rdaf bere " nad ognig for a " taaps crlw " tih friends as in Switzerland ea oen gest its own dish when eating uot and onl go fo a " pub crawl " .
I am aos keen on wandeirn ff at my ow apec nad gettnig lost on the winidng anrorw bobled street as I fele ilk an adventurer lokoign for new traeusres .
So of thes are strkiing secluded places such churchse or Mooris - styled houses .
uhs , scouring esville is like rewinding the time and being propelled in teh pas .
On account of all tihs , it is say to understand hwy my perecptino of Sevliel has significantly changed over time .
As far as I 'm concerned , th icyt is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous adn ostentatoius monmuetns .
It turn out to be now a very welcoming and relaxing place where awr - heaetd people live and where I greatly enojy spnedin some time .
WHAT AN AAmZNiG COINCIDENCE !
ahv yo ever witnessed the collapse of a myth a the btrh of a new star at the same time ?
Tihs year , in Iatly , fo the firs ti in omre than 200 years , it ahppened a weird coincidence : the political leedr Silvi Berluscon and teh isngre Ligabue mraked their careesr on the same ya .
On t one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when smoe jorunalsits otl the wodl some wiretappings of his which would ocmpormise his uftur poliitacl career ; on th other , Lucian Ligabeu no the award fo ht best so of eh ye , bringing hi craeer ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may see , thi is really a biazrre coincidenec .
Dera Jo ,
It 's gaet to get sem news from you .
What a lucky man yuo a to have a year free !
If I ah las a aer free , I would olny prefer trvaelling n working .
Switzerland is reayl a great place for traveliln . You should plan wto diefrent periosd to vsii sightseieng palces , o in summer nad the oehr one in winter .
Famous sightseeing palecs er really different during winter and sumre .
If uo edcdie to gruond in Geenav , I suggets uo to viist first hte north of Switzerland from t west to the ets and then the uoth of Switzerland fmo eh aest to the west .
Switzerland is a smll cuontyr also take your time na spedn enohg time in each place .
Concerning oyu inqiury on owrking in my country , it 's relayl difficult to ge an autohrisation to work , espceially for peroids olnge thna a weke .
Therfeore , I suggest yo to work during yru travelling time .
of instance if yo paln to stay more than oen week in Zermat in awllis , tihn to tr to find a place hwere y could ehl in a restuaarnt or a shop .
But if you prefer to work during a ful three - mnoht period , yuo should ask your emploey a wokr pemrit .
In any caes , do n't hesitate to visit me and my famliy in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeign yuo durnig oyru tpi .
Pete looked at his watch nad nkew thta he ahd to do somethin immediately .
Twenty minuse ahd passed , but raah was still inside hte houes .
He strated to tie hsi nail , resltess .
She said that she wuold go out in fiev minuets .
What if hse wa in troubel ?
Wh if eh owner of the ohuse ahs caguh her ?
Fvie more minutes wtn by , a he dceiedd to get into ht bungalow .
He climbed eh tree clusmily and managed to enter through teh opne nidow .
It wa a adkr ngiht , so he ocul barely see .
-htere is no ened for y to climb through the window , ilek a tihe - said a sfot ovice .
The shock made Peter ga .
Before ih there aw a tla , dra owma in blcak .
He had n't sene re wh he ahd goen nit the oom .
His eyes weer aujsted to the darnkes now , so he cou ercoginze ehr .
--rtsi .
Tr ' siml ceame bigger .
-It h eben a long tem , Peter .
Mya I ask yo why you ra breaking into my huose sntead of knokcnig at the door ?
How rude of oyu !
Ther wsa no anre in hre voiec , but amusement na smotehing else taht Peetr could nto distinguish .
-Where is Sarah ?
She msut be here .
Trsi 's smlie faded awa .
- You er the onyl preson that acm here in the last five housr , Peter .
Unles ...
hte silence that followed her wrosd was oppresisve .
They both kon what woul haepn if Trsi 's husband fonud out a stranger in ih hosue .
- I must fidn her bfeore he does it .
Pleas , help me find eh .
She could be in danger .
Tr sighde .
--Srory , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my uhsband agin .
ihs tmie , yuo ar on your own .
First of al , the upbli transpor is obsolete .
Take a loko at the higwhasy near teh big cities .
Thye er full of acrs each and evrey day .
If theer were a future for upblci transport , that owlud n't happ .
Travelling by acr gives yuo indeepndence .
You are not tie to the tmietable of the public tarnsport .
oy ca choose hwne yo woul like to go .
Yo acn aos cohoes where you would like to go .
Finally yuo can choos who would trav with y .
Thoes aer great advantages evreyone ac ee .
Rith wo we hvae a problem : the li reserves are dpelteing .
htta is ogign to happen sooenr rather ahn later .
It clud ese to point towrad publci transprot , nevertheless it wll push cra travelling ene further .
The eraso is th , once we er free fmo our oil shacklse , we will asy farewlel to mo of st prolbems .
There will be no mro greenhouse agsess , uo na fogret about escalating gas price and , finayl , you iwll no remembre air pollution .
alst but not leas , we er etnering a digiatl ear .
Computre and smartpohens er becoming mo prominent in o livse .
hwy would I travel to a meetin in a different city when I ac mete through Spye ?
I ca not find the reason .
It 's a waset of mie and other resuocres .
In summary , eh public tranpsort is dynig .
We need to embarce teh advances of tcenhology and we will be fer of those terrible xeperiences .
I eojy awtcihng soa operas on TV and hte be oen ofr me is EasEtnders .
This TV serla is mainyl base on working class people adn represnts various ethnic minority commuinties includnig African and Asian sulims .
This show is particularly good as it reprsenets how epolpe from differetn ethnci backgrounds acn engage with each tohre .
It shows th tehnci minority eppole can integrate with hte majority Cauacsain people without losing tier cultural and traditional value .
In addition , it provides an opportunity ro people rfo idfferen backgrounds to pepe into eh cultu nad traditions of British people .
Although thsi soap involves a l of cheaitng and plottin bewteen characters , it alos show the importance of famil values . I would defniitely recommend hti drmaa seail to ohter oeple .
It is important to agi awareness about different scoieties ud to eh ftc thta irtain is becoming usch a multiculutral society .
To travel aronud the world ahs wlays been my dream since I was a little ob .
ohwever , what is the bets aens of trasnportaiton to see ht worl fro yourself ?
As fra as I am concerned , I uold prefer to rtavel by bota .
A copuel of go reasons are behidn my choci .
First , to travel by bota is a ver relaxing an carferee xeperienec , compared to ebin cofnined to a evyr narrwo and limited litt space on eh sae of a palne .
Second , eppole on hte baost are rgatned t opportnuity to see beautiful ocean ilves , while tkaing a plane does n't provide this luxu to take a olok at the birds in the syk for planes a travelling at usc a high speed .
Thi , wehn it ocmes to travel , what relayl mattres is not oyur destination .
From my prespcetive , it is teh rpocess that is more valuable .
Therefore , I wolu choose to lgnthen eh process of travellign , an a comfortable ovyage on hte esa woul certailny bceome my ifrst choice , since it guarantees a olng and pleasant travelling experience .
I am rwitign to complain abuot the suggested bar on smoking in public areas .
I wokr in Café Noir , a ewl - nkow resaturant , popular with visitors in ht centre of tow .
I am very concerned bauot this proposal , ro a unmebr of reasons .
Firstly , I do nto understand why thi is begn implemented so quickly na why tehre ah bene no discussion - there is no tmie for anyone to feel comfortable with teh idea .
Secodnyl , it is unhtinkable to sugegst it in uotdoor bras a restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkalbe .
To spport my arugemnt agnist ihs proposal I woul like to explian hwa happened hwen the authorities attempde to introduce a ban on smoikng in my ohem town .
It was unsuccessful , and eh opliticians had to rveesre their decisoin .
In the first place , ef people did onw abotu this alw , a , of course , most business opopsed the ieda .
A on - smoking policy was introduced by som restaurants ; ht conseuqecnes we terrible : a lgre number of theri ucstomres vanishe .
If htsi happened in acfé Noir , porbalby I could lose my job .
In my poniion , nitroducing speicfic non - skoing area in tsi type of establishemnt could be an excellent idea .
This uold appear to be a btete soltuio .
Dear amrgarte ,
Firslty , thank yo f anwserin and do n't worry about eh delayed erpyl !
Secondly , I 'd like to tell oy osm things obut myself as well .
It 's on easy fro me to tlak baout myself , bu I 'll give my best .
I 've ebe lviing in Augsbur ofr nearly two years nwo and am sutdying B.A. Anglitsik a economsc .
Before monig to Augsburg , I sutdied biology ofr two esmetsers in Erlangen , but soo noitecd th it wa n't the right subject of study for me .
So I switchde na I 'm happy to sa that it sa the right decision !
Boilogy is stli a hbby of nie , but I 've alwasy been good iwth lanuggaes na so I 'm doing nwo somethign I 'm naturally good at .
I c spea Engilsh dn of cuors German - nad because my grandparents ra from Korea , a little Korea , oto .
I am the only rgandchild that ca n't sepak Korean properly because I rgwe up in Bvaari adn to in N , ubt they taugh me to ocok .
It stratde when I wa a little child , na it 's aht I do .
When I 'm stresse or rtyin to postpoen htings like studying or cleaning hte fla , I co .
Sharing my fal with t byos is amusing most of the tmie , but when it 's abou cleaning … oh my !
eh good thing is : eh res of hte time livign with bo is as uncomplicated as it gets .
And we 're a pertty good taem because all of my cooking led to myn evenings spent togethe in uor kitchen .
My other big hobb is travelling .
I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , eh Maldives and Carcao .
Alos I visetd th U multiple time : I travelel eh west coas fro Sa Diego to San Francisco , I 've bene to sa Veags , Chicago an Bosto .
In elss than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New rok City .
I 'm so excited !
So , no oy vae a orugh summary of me .
I 'm oloking fowrar to worikng tih you and wish you all ht best unt then !
See you soon ,
asra
eda is / Madam ,
I am writing in rseponse to your davertisement in a magazine .
I woul like to apply of a vacacny as a Ca Assistatn .
I am a 23-year - dl student in a Sports Scnece dergee , so I am inetreste in sprots .
Beisde , I am open - minded , easy goin and freindly .
I have epxeirence in childr Summre camps a recently I atetnedd a First Aid course , so I could deal wiht a difficult siuttaion .
I am a native speaker of Spanish a I have passed hte First Certfiicate exa of Cambrdige , so my Egnlihs elve is uqit good .
Furthermore , I pseka a little French .
I ahev no problem in being herd for three omnhts ebcasue I do n go to hte univresiyt in mumer .
oy wli find attachde two reefrneces written by hte two dierctosr of hte camps where I ahve owrked .
uo clud sak htem about me na they would answer oy immediately .
I lko roward to receviing you reply .
You faithflul ,
Aurel Bonilla
There is no sport lkie footabll .
It is an activiyt that requries mnay people , which imporevs your social skisl dn yuor ovearll ability to manage a gorpu .
It demansd physiacl effort , bnig na ecxellent way to keep fit .
It inovlevs many moral ivrtues , which makes footblal on of the best activities ro teenager .
tsarting with the social skills , it is ovbiosu tta a football matc is a dipstue , a gem we invovl in with th intention to w .
Th kidn of action , when peformde collcetviely , requier corodenation of effrots adn abitity to wrok toegther , two qualities that ra freqeuntly forgotten in our individulaisitc worl .
If you plya ofotabl , oyu know how to act when in a aem .
Moreover , footba is a physical game .
Unilke chess or bridge , ofotball mkaes you leap , r , kick .
In times of esaclators nad csr , it is refreshing to fidn an cativity that involves movement , velcoity a strenght .
A if you do decide to take it seriously , htsi sport will put yo throug wrokout an sutsainde prcatice that a goi to mak you raelly fit .
Finalyl , football involves erlationships in moments of tensi , and this is teh natural context for virutes like justec , ocurage and ohnest .
In fact , it cna be argued th ht human virtues are a by - product of conflicts nad fights ; taht htey ra that traces of character that we aknowledge as miporatnt for everybody engaged in a ocmpetition , be it ofr a trophy or for a coutnyr .
It is a psotr hta develosp no only eh body , bu also the midn nad the haer .
If you awnt to t it , you should fin a cl ne you .
It is aes , because footabll is en of ht omst popular sports in the ewster world .
In a club you will fdn professinoal vdice nad also as many peopole as it is necessar for a macth .
In ftc , if football has a dowsnide , it is this , the fact that you ened twenty - two peopl to se a macth .
B , provided aht , you will ha noe of the bts nienyt minutes of your entire life .
Dera Hiring Manager ,
I ha read yo call for marketing rpfoessionals on your corproat ewbsit .
Pelsae , fidn my CV a Letters of Reference attachde .
ahvign graudated from ULcMD in 2016 as an IT - based marktenig communication professinola , with a fouc on Business Enlgihs , I could be a grea asse to you company .
During my sutdise I doubled the conversion rta of a Lnoodn baes hoetl 's wbesite , adn miproevd ht effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 05% .
I did so by clear outlining principles , hwcih prove to work wtih thei target audience adn can eep usin as a gudie .
I have be volunteering in avirous smiilra projects .
You na fni a lts of these , with my achievement in my CV .
I hvae eben following your marketing caitvities , dn I ha a numebr of en , creative wasy on my agenda , I could ipmrvoe uor rbadn image as part of your etma .
I woul be excited to etll you abotu my lpans in detail in a furue interview .
Yuors sincereyl ,
Sandor Erz
I ahev a strogn eblife tha benig multlinigual is essential for woikng in eh financial industyr adn Mnadarin is an ipmoratnt language for working in Asia - apcifci countries .
To furthe improve my hcinsee , I enrolled for the Pots - Intermeditae Mandarin class during my undergraduate utdy , in wihch I hcieved a First - Class result .
Beyon my academic disciplines , I have consistently atke up som active orels at university and outside schlo to further edvelpo my itnerpersona and leadership sklisl .
I was trained as a PAS ( Peer Assistde Study Sessino ) leader fo econmoetrisc to provide some academic support to smoe yonuger students at my fianl year of study at Mnacehster .
I attended trainings and wroksohps to learn about ht skills to be a good facilitator bfeore ht sttr of the academic eyra .
T regular meetings wti my group of students to discuss their uqestoins on econometrics hvae developed my mepathy which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
Besidse , I have undertaken an internship at hte HBsC Risk in rodre to gai an nisight itno hte bnaking industry an leran ho to wor wiht my peers in a ubsiness environment .
I have gained a better udnerstanding of the role rcedit irsk alys in eh full pcituer of banking opeartions .
A Real Vacaito nad A Dream Vacation
To me , a vacation is a speciifc trip or jruney of rcereation or tuoris .
And I usually sned my vacatino with my family druing school break .
Howeevr , ehre are two knids of vaaction , a real vacation nad a dream vacation .
noe sumem vacation , I went on a rtip to Paris with my famiyl .
It wsa a 10-day trpi .
And we ahd booked a our hotels in vdance .
It seeemd to be a dera vacation .
But it turned out to be totally difefrent whe I arirvde there .
It wsa in eh afternoon hwne we arrived .
When I awlked out the airoprt , I was attracted by the beautiful secnery .
The tsreet , the cafés and th peopl formde a ebuatiful pitcrue .
At nihgt , I expetced to have a romantic Frecnh dinner at a pos retsaruant .
But no , instead of isttign in a restaurant , my mu took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
In eh enxt ofllowing days , we omstl da berad adn sandwiches for o emasl .
And we da lny water hwe we ewre thirs .
udrnig these 10 yas , we walked a lo nistead of catching a ubs , becasue it saved money too .
But it made my elgs sore every ingh .
This is kind of the era avcaiton for me .
Even thuogh I was in a romanti city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romanti wya due to th low budgets we ah .
To me , a dream vacatino is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I na enjoy hte sunshine and teh sae .
An I owlud like to go ther wit my obyfriedn .
Wehn I am htere , I wolu start my ad by calling room service for a wondreful breakfast in bed .
After , I would head to hte sandy beach and relax in the us , feeilng ht breeze .
As the dya goes on , I wodl laso go swmimign in the deep blue es , go sonrkeling or just lei on eh baec .
Lying on ht beach is ver relaixng adn it is hte perefct thnig to do on vactaion .
On eh usn goe down , I woudl iht the bars to ahev some drinks dn ejno th inhgtlife .
And I wolud alyas hvae my meals at some luxuoius restaurants .
This is the ki of dream vacation I awnt so bad .
Vacations shuold be relaxing , not tiring .
hter are laways the differencse between a rla avctaion and a deram vataion .
A it is all on acocunt of t budgets we have .
Once I ahve enough money , I will have my dera vacations ocm ture .
From now on , I will sav my mone to tu al my vacatoisn int my drae vacatinos .
Wne I finished the gih scohlo , I started working as accountant in my afhter 's carpentry .
He produces doros an windows on wood .
At the begnning it was really difficult to me becaes I was a ltitel yh with customers an I wa n't used to working among noisy maihnery na shouting workers , but after a while item I learned to igner al of that !
Very soo I realized thta this jo w n't f me .
I was working in a very small country and my ofifce was sioalted , so I did n't hva any contact iwth toehr poepel adn my job tsarted to ge obring .
It tko me 12 yeasr to get the courga to quit because it was my family ocmpayn adn I felt raell sorry , b I had to rgo up a improve my professional skills , so I beag to look for a new job .
hwe I reecived an email form a company bsaed in ht center of Milan , I was erall exciet !
My father w happy ebcuase it aw a great opportnutiy dn undertsood that it was what I 've been daeming for a lnog tmie .
Five years have passe and I 'm still working f ihs ocpmany wihhc has gvien me a lto and I 've been learning many things about caocunting .
In fact I am adimnistrative amnage a I fee rlaly rpuod of mysel .
I mte lot of peolpe every d na I have the chance to tla to samtr people .
Last ub n least I 'm a rgeat afshio expetr becaues I work near the shopipng srteest !
Dear sir / madam ,
I would kie to papl for the job whcih includes working in summer camps all oev the USA .
I would olve to be th presno to organies and do all kinds of activities .
My nmae is Aly Meeusw , I am 16 years dl , I live in eh Nethrelands at the moment and I am really plannnig on going to the As in teh future , so this wuol difinietly be a gaet experience of me sepecially fo my Engilsh and ebing waya fr hem .
Until next summer I iwl still be in school b hopefully I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
I love to owrk wit children and that is also why this job would be perfect ro me .
foten after school I babysit my parents friends ' children nad I usually really like it ! I am als a rey atlheitc person so I would not mnid etnertaining the chilrden f a longer period of time nad laos iong osm hpyscial exercises .
Besides that , I also really nejoy cookign with my om at moe so working in the kihcesn would nto be a problem at lal .
Once I cooked a hcristmas idnner for me and my whloe family and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which definitely caem as a surrpised to me !
I ohep to hear form you soon !
ikdn regards ,
yl Meuews
Teher has neevr ebne a bigger force for chang than technolgoy , it chanegs absoluteyl everything abou ht way we live , even the way we talk wht aehc oehr .
Despet ht ries of scoia media , the idea of community hsa chagned radically , because pepole are sharing inteertss everywhere on the planet .
Social Media such as wttiter , Faceobok , Yotuueb and lbog illustrat surely hta eh definition or reperucssion of digital technologies is craeted throuhg the forms in hwich they aer wro and th soical erlations and associations that expan around thme .
Tihs essay will discuss ht miplicatiosn of oscila mdeia fro veeyrday lfie , emphasiizng the problems hwcih raose with th use of Faceboo dn Twtiter .
Fniall it will look inot possible futrue implicatisn of htis kind of teconogy .
Soci entworks websit ca be explained as a ew suefulness tah admit eppole to rceate a public or esim - upblci porfiel , arrange a ilst of ohter ocntacts whci is posbile to share connection and look and cors thei li of connections nad thoes made by other within eh system .
Namen and Kinnsion ( 20 ) indiactes hta " the htree types of socia interactions thta oscial networking enables inclued ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) estabilshmen of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communiites defined by eh ilsts of connetcoins cah user etsbalishes " .
en of the most popular oscial networking website is Fcaeboko .
Another rapidly expanding socia netwoikng is Twitter .
These kisd of wbesite allows pelpe to niteract with others precisely by smartphones or computers .
By Twitter , users pots opinions or commenst narr to 140 characters .
On eh other hand , on Faecobok people can shrae ptcures , víedos and thoughts iwhtout restrictions .
As a result of an appropriat use of socila networking tool in edcuatio , Javnaovic , Choing and Weise ( 2021 ) demonstrate tah students aodtp Facebook not especially for socialising bu aslo ofr caadmeic purposes , lek to botain neefit ro thei studies or to ercvoer tim in dicsovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some deparmtent of police in the USA ues Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with ht expectancy to identify hte ussepcts and their fololwer ewer tp to sya something abtu the incident in reutrn to eh publication .
Additionalyl , a politiican fro Philadelphi , USA w eletced afte take aavntage of his Twitter acocunt approrpiately duirng si campaign .
My most memroabel learning epxerience to adt w my amrriage .
My ex - husband taught me not to be nivovled wit some kidn of people by analyzing his behavior bferoe commitmetn .
Druing our datnig he aw vyr charmign and attentive .
We discussed abuot smoe sxeis idesa hta I do n't agree wtih what the soceiyt meands on people and I ntoiced a title sexism of hmi , but I wsa fin wht that beacuse Thta can hapepn , but due to my profession he could n't be ilk that for so logn becaus I was in a mna 's hsose .
He w very jeauos but I thought it would afde awy with itme dn with t gaining of t trust but it did no nad end up making me sic by the item passed .
I learned htat a man ode anything to conque a owma , he ene dose a lto of hatfeul things for him such as going to eh home eevyr night to tsay toegther or to hang tu , whli later yo fnid otu htat he hatse going to lpacse expet his ohuse .
I learned a am sa anytihng jsu to stu you up adn not disucss just to ahve some loev mometn .
He odes not e an arguemnt and give a position to uedrstand uor ponit , he tihnk he is rith nad does on wna to ihnk baout it .
I also learned thta men tnik in a different way from the wome during ht da .
Fro xeampel , whel moen tihnk baout mililon things ilke what they awnt to do or hvae to do druing eh day , whel men jus do nto think about anything a cna be kie that fo hours , just whith a blan mni .
B in my opinino tih hsould be an xecues to htnik something that owme should n't know anything about .
I also laerned that is hte mothre that give t pirncipels and the direction of a na 's nid , and depending on ehr he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to lep and be an honor man or no , he is goin to be a goo and caring afthre or nto , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
A omthre is very fudnamenta dn the bas for the men principles and beliefs .
owemn do not knoe ehir importance f the ufutre on htier own ohmes .
hte teach the sa htings evr and over again and do nto rethink if htos beliefs na actions aer raelly right to help eh world hcang and be a ebtter world fro eevryone .
noce upon a time there was a majestuuo kingdom in Englan , surroudned by beatuiful rivers , waterfalls adn mountains .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously unt one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendosu iwthc showed up and cursed t littl princess named Sophie , w would ide at eh a of 16 an oln a kiss of tru olve would sev her .
Pirncess Sophei grew up , she was so unhappy becsue eh coudl n't do anythnig , hse was condemen to lev in a roo of eh csatl utni osmeon coudl ifnd the cur for her cursed .
Oen ad s ifguerd otu how to escape htrough a hiddne passage , she got to eh town and ran and jump , hs d every little thign she sa n't aloud to sinec so long .
While she was having some fun , a handsom yo crahsed her nad sh afll to the ground .
As onyl a egntleamn would do , he apolgoise nad introduced himself to th Prinecs :
- I am so sorry Madam , excuse me fo my blnuder .
I am Mcihael .
ht princess was a little sacred of tlaking to someoen she idd n't onw , because s never g to tlak to anyone bfeore , bu stlil she answer hi iwt a big mslie - oy rae excused , my anme is osphie.- It rtluy aws love at rist isgth .
Mihcael askde her to go iwth ihm fo an ice cream so he could amend hsi fault .
Sophie caceptde nad tehy sttred a stnog friensdhi that thorguh t time became in more htan just a friendship , they fall in love for ea other .
Princess Sopihe used to escape so seh could emte with Michael , until one ady , when s aw jsut aobut to mte imchae to confess him all th truth obut who hse really was , a guadrs dicsovered her adn the Kgn comamnde to lock re up in her room .
Michael was disappoitned bceause he thouhg that Princes Sophie did n't loev ihm anymore .
Pircness Sophie sen him a lot of letters telling him ht truth about re , adn abou her crused .
tu after Michael read ht fsrt letter , and found tu tah Sophie wa a prinecss , he thuogh he wsa just a gma fro hre .
He did n't wtn to rda t next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was ht love of h life na also wro about th curse .
Michael decided to leave t kidgom , whne he was just baout to clso the door he turned bac to his coffee tab and saw ht eltters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
Michael clsoed the door and kwe at that moment he has mad a msitake .
I believe that saying that ther is no ftuur ro puilc transport gine thta travelling by ra is so mu more covnenietn , is premature . We need to cosniedr a lot of afctros befoer we na amek a judgement of th kdn .
What hpaepns in futru will be decidde by what happens on .
We have alreda heard about hwo pollutino is iklilng our planet earth , gradually .
People are daviesd to acrpool adn travel to owkr plase .
Several announceemnts over ardio adn TV emhpasize eh need to u t pbulic tranpsotr sytsem for travellin to save nature .
Yet , not amny pa heed to th message .
Peopl amy chooes to igno teh advice nwo b in futrue they may not ahve a ohice .
It is onyl a tater of time before we erach a tpiping opint with respect to the limited natural resources that we hav .
htne we ma have no choic but to u public transpotr as much as we ca for tarvel .
en of the latest ifml I vae seen is Sievr Linings lpaybook , plyae by Bradley Cooper and Jennire Lawrence .
It 's a comedy wtih romantic fetaures and at the same tiem very relaisti .
Thre er afimly prolbems , football amdnes , rmoantic osbessions an menla illnesses .
hte plot is about a young amn ( Bradley Cooper ) hw has just been discharged for a pyschiatric hospital adn has moved to ih aprents hmo .
He aws acucsed of mitsreating his wif a that is teh aeson yh hte hda eben sepaarted for eh last ieght months .
The probme is thta he ahs an oesssion : he wanst to gte bcak iwth hsi wfie although he ca n't talk to hre as t police have forbidden him .
His neighbour is a young womna ( Jennifer Lawrence ) wh has ebne widowde for 2 years .
She ah a trubuletn a complicated past .
htey meet by ahnce a startde a tortuous relationship as firedns .
Interestingl , they ifn t aw to hlep ea oehr dn no surprisinlg fnially th fall in love .
I personally thni tha the film transmit an intersetin vie of hte psychiatirc lilnesses and hte miporatnce of t afimly in this ty of problems .
I storngyl recommend yo to go and se the film .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to present young epopl 's interests in my country .
It gives information abuot tehi tsates in music , TV programm a clothes .
Music
A revival of rock music hsa be seen in teh aps 10 - 15 yesr .
So , naturally , about half of eh teenager and young adutl perfre rock adn roll , hard roc a rpogressive orck to toher geners .
They enjoy bo lcoal basd ' productino and some forei songs .
About one thrid of the rest woul cali they listen main to pop fkl , wheresa hte rts would be interested in R&B , osul and jazz .
etlevision
lathough not mnay young people kie epnding hteir rfee time watching TV , I believe that osme patterns of preference can tsill be rceoginzed .
Excetp clsasisc liek Firends , popalr shows inclued How I Mte Your Mother , The Big Bang and th we HBO atkl sho als ewe Tonig . I can say wtih high cetraitny that realtiy TV is no more in with oyun ppole in my cnutry .
lcothes
Most etens tend to create their unique styel , often managing to start a fashion of theri own .
Designer lcothes are not hwat they olo fo ynmore .
Conclusion
ihs information cna ehpl the organizers of next yaer 's festival in choosing appropriate music a actering to a variety of atstes .
Hlelo Sraha !
How ahve yuo been ? I 'm writing yuo hti ltete because I thni I fonud t perfect flat of you .
My friend epter recently tlod me th he wsa moving out rfom his falt , so I asked h if he wsa wililng to ren it .
And guess hwa ...
He sai yse .
It 's a third lfoor paartment right in the middle of ht city .
It ah two bedromos , a kitchen na a evr lrage bathormo .
The ohuse is alread equpipe with vereything you might nede and furniture so all yo need to do is pack up your things adn mvo !
Tell me hwta y think obut it .
ey , Sofia
Dear is or Madam ,
I would ilk to exrpess my ottla dissatisfaction with oyu latest measures .
You chaegd the time of the Japanese lsesnos rfmo hte eveinn to the afternoon , wne I am actually at work .
So if I want to cmo to the lessno , I ahve to postpone al my projects to a laet time .
Fruthermore you iwl increase teh cuors fee by 15% orm ntx mnot .
I vae to say , I am really puest obut thes changes .
In eh future , you do on provide the ajpanees ocures at convenient time .
So you wi rpvoide a worse service for more money orm next month .
I am evr sorry but I can nto acecpt this !
If yuo do no change uor oplicies or gev me a personal discoun , I wlil leave you school .
I wolud appreciate it if yo tko these possibiliteis nito considreation .
I expect a uqic resopnse from you .
Yours faithfully
Vivien Alberta
Rceentl I watehd a ifl called " ht isxt Sees " , and I 'd ttolaly recommend it to anyone oledr ahn 13 .
hte movie is se in the United States aronud th 1990 's , so we codl sa eh fil is technically omder , though I 'm sure tah in some aers it wli be consdiere a classic .
It 's aobu the story of a lttle boy th is haunted by a gi secret , he is siited by ohsts .
Hsi mother does n't know about this , but she is worried aobut him .
So she decides to take him to a chidl psyhcoloigst .
Teh boy soon beocmes freind with the psychologist , adn he started noticing plent of thin abou this exceptional boy .
I 'm n onramlly kene on htrilelrs , but hti is definitely a must watch .
The boy 's acitng is raell sometihgn , such a thing that hsi atcing earnde ihm a nomination for hte Acdaemy Awards .
I found htsi movie btoh xeciitng an emocional , obht thumbs up for me !
Funding proposal
As th sceretayr of the Enilsh Language club i am writing to propose htta our clbu be given fnuding fro the comi year .
Outline of the club activity
The Club has many socail and cultural prgorasm .
We regulary rogainse fml projections and discussions around a subject relate to the film .
We laso nivite guest speakre and organise fun events .
Bneefits of the students
Mnay students agni a rgeat deal from our actviities .
For example , with every film seen ou studtns hev the hcanc to practice their language and to develop their own opiinons , particulraly as we always hav discussions aroud a sbujetc erlaetd to the film .
Also our omtnhly speaekrs are exellent , for example , last eyar we invtied a wel - known actric , Jate Hwetit , to share soem of hre experience on Broadway .
Unfortunalety , organising thi kind of events is costly and the noey form membership fees is not enough .
Beneift for the college
We alos believe ht college benefits orm ou Clbu .
Being founded in 912 by uo ewll - konw ailnmi , ojhn Carter , the neglihs Language Clbu is th oldest club in oru colgee .
The fact that everyone fro hte ocmmunity cand participate at our events is ehlping us to dveelo a opsitive rleaiton between the ocllege nad eh community .
We hope oy wil be ablte to atke la thisinto account a will fnid it possible to lep us conitnue and improve ru club by fundnig us .
In my opinion , shopping is on alwasy ejnyoable .
Whta 's more , shoppign is almost alwasy unenjoyable .
I just aht it .
The wohle process is arduous adn nerve - wracking .
I am a hoembdoy type .
Every tmi , wh something comepsl me to elvae my " caslte " , I feel unedr the weather .
Especially , when it comes to go shopipng .
It just iwnds me up .
hsopipng centres are loactde in eh city ecnrtes , so eevry roa rtip last gaes ( I live in a suburb ) . htusyl , whne I get to the amll , I am arleayd bent o of shape .
Atferwards teh crwod of people is rammign me , when I 'm trying to wkl .
The lgihtnin in spos is obnoxious .
My eyes instantaneoulsy start to hurt .
I 'm not able to find any ni geasr .
Although , if I fidn something cute , it wo n't fi .
A eh wrost thing - ht queues .
I aht th wohleheartedly .
At hte edn I 'm liivd adn ehxausted .
Thakn goodnes we live in the internet eg adn I can do shpopnig without laeving my ebd .
1 . Teh author compares Eastre to a pana psring festivla , becasue they are associated with happiness .
eh wya Easter and specifcally ogod Friday is celebraetd is gradually depirved of reliigous cotnent .
Peopl do n't awn to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but ehy want to move directly to ht cehefrul part of Esate celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
2 .
According to t autohr , people " flinch for conisdertaion of Goo Frid " due to there taboos cnonecte with hti ad : self - sacrifice , sufferni and death .
The way esfl - sacrifice is seen hsa changed enormously - we no longer want to scarifice oureslevs , becsue it 's nuppoular adn it is in ocntradictoin with the ide of consumerism .
aht is omr , we are becmoin indifferent to other peopl 's suffrenig and that 's wyh we are n't willing to thi baout it , even on Good Fridya .
Sufferin as well as death is pushed aaw from oru real lef - we do n't want to experience the btu raehr wtach it on diffeernt kidn of TV sohws .
3 . L'Orla slgona " ceause y 're worth it " proves the author 's htinknig that we rae uniwlling to sacrifice ourselev .
In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and moer of ourselves , b no for other peopel , bceasue it will requier self - sacrifice .
epter looked at his wathc and enw that he had to do somehting immediately .
It sa a h usmmer day , everyone was walking to their usula destination ; wro , school , buy some grocerise , pikc up the launrdy or thei clotse at the clenners , everynoe except Peter .
He w swaetnig , lookign at people in a confsuing way .
" Do n't htey know aht is happening ? "
Suddneyl , Peter tsrated to r , while he ra , he looked at ih awcth , ovre and over again as if by looki at h watch time would stop .
B this wsa ont the case , tim contineud to pass by , ever so lsowly , maikng Peter veen mer enrvous .
He stoppde at a graet big builnig knowing thta the fsatets way to get to ht top floor of ht building was by takin ht eelvatro , b what if th elevatro stopped ?
He decided to take the stairs and so he did .
He rna up the stairs as sat as he codl .
Half way through his juorney , he tripped .
To h , it felt as if time had stopped for a mome , tu tem , as ti alyas doe , kept goin .
Peetr smiled fo a rbief omment as he rememebred h obsession with Einsteni 's Theory of egnreal Relativity , he htoguht " fianlly I undrestand it " .
He calml stood up , looked at hi wact , tehn clsoed his ey and realized htat ther was nothin else to do .
Nowadays , it is hard for nay yuogn people to do physical xeercsie frequently .
It is a well - nkown fcat htat sometimes they perefr watching TV on the sofa or paliyng ocmptuer games comfortably to doing physiacl activitise .
So , it is neecssary to find a solution in roder to make yuong people ekpe fit in a moviated wa .
There can be no doubt aht technology shoudl be a tool to omtivate young people .
It is clra hta sot of th us computers and watch television almost verey day , ubt while they ar doing this tye ra istting in a comfortable sofa .
I feel very strongly that computer gamse cuold be an enjoyael way to do physiacl exrecsie iwthuot giogn out of moe .
In ht marke , you can find a wide range of compuetr games or video games to keep f , such as dancing to the hrythm of last ihts , plaiyng tennsi , doign aerboic , running ...
Moreover , schools ca play an imoprtatn orle in kids ' fitness .
It is true that mnay yonug people do extra activities rletaed to sports liek football or basketball .
Although some schools ffer the chance of doin these , myn otehrs do not do .
I firmly believe that wer th schools to offer kids a greater vairety of psorts , there can be no dou tta ehy owudl do moer exercise .
In this aw , children could do the spotr they prefer as a routine .
To sum up , it is miportan motivating the ynug people to do hpysical exercsie .
Schoo programmes dn tecnholgoy could be effective methsd to achieve thi gao .
It esmes to me that school programmes would amke yuong people be encouraged to keep fit bceause in this way , tehy do their favorutie spro in a rouitne wa .
It lal startde wiht jumpni vore t bi blcak trashcasn .
I was 9 years old when it happneed for the first tmie .
Back in hte time , when I succesfsully passed hte third grade , my parents decided to lte me pick the present tha I want as a reward .
The very first thin came to my mind sa a pai of inline roller skates ; I ues to loo o of my window , or sittign on my house 's do setp and es my neighbors saktnig and trying to do some tricks and jumps , nad all I wanted was joining them insetad of watching them enjoying their times .
My parents took me to TOYS R US to ge hwat I wande .
I ran to teh outdoor toys section na I picked ht skate I lide .
I teid coulpe of sezs to se hwich on fits more .
I cuol ont be omer excited to jion my freinds .
After thta , I wetn bakc ho , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
I fell oev a hundred tems in a we days .
By teh time , I got bteter , and I tsrated to elran oh to do tirkcs and jump over small tiems .
While skating wsa a whim for my frineds dn me in th beginning , I found myself in it .
I knew thta skatgn is th thing I want to do fro ht set of my life , the thgn I want to tell peopel about when they ask me waht your favorit thing to do is .
In a couple of yaer , I became muhc better and I learned to do many rticks kie skating backwards , the Snake and the izgzag .
I laernde ohw to jump ovre many ietms , such as chiars na teh trashcans tah my neighbors used to jump over .
However , that wa on enuog for me .
I kept yring to know mro about skating .
I entered middle cshool ; I mte two friends wh alos love to skate , omhammed dn Khalid .
We decided to go ksatign on the nxe ewekend at hte park , which sa a iwde wakl path by th se .
Wehn we met on the weekend , I noticed htat they were different ; htey have different skates , and different emtohds of saktign , they lsi on edges and skated on the aprk benhces .
I realzied taht ihs is wta I am looking ofr , a new additional excitement to dad to skatin .
I had to wati for two months to buy a n pa of staes , ub this time it is aggressive skates .
When I started gagresisve skating , I had to laern h to balance my wieght using heav two - hwele ilnien skate .
This ikdn of skating taug me ohw to atke risks nad not to be afraid .
After a while , ht group xepanded , nad we used to go around the tonw , Yanbu , to serahc for gre edges and rai to slid on .
In addition , we made uo won skate rails , adn we used som lep from my firend 's brtohre , who is in cat an Egnineer .
Ocne on a wekeend , it was my last eyar in middle school , I aws at eh pra parcticin as usual .
I found three pepoel staing , and again , a n ikdn of skets , dn new methods .
Their moves ewre so smooth ; it w mor ilek a baelt .
I aw impressed .
I introducde ymself , and as I thought , they were visign frmo a different cti .
We discussed differtn toipsc , tu mainly akting .
The more we eg deep into ht conversation , the more I wna to learn thsi type of ksating .
It turne out that they were wearin orller hockey skates . "
These skatse are lihg , omoth , and perfect f freestyl lsalom sakitng .
" One of them siad .
Th words " freestyle " and " slalom " caugh my attention .
They showed me what slaolm skating is .
They staretd to up mslal noes in one line with a bit of sapce in bewtene .
Thye playde soem music na strated to skate wtih t rhythm . I was sruprised , I h mixed feeling , and it was indescribable .
I kept staring at them with iwde opened mouth and eyes .
hte butterfly feilng in my stomcah strate to appear .
I enw at htat moment thta I wnat to change my styl of sktaing .
However , as teh ksatres suggested , I buoght a pair of hockey skates .
I did not hav ht ability to ordre the cones olnine back then , tehrefore , I wetn to IKE , adn bought samll colorde ucp and usde it as cones .
I wetn to the sa park .
After coup of hours of rtying to get use to my ne skatse , I put the cups on .
I opened smoe tutorial video on YouTube nad sttred to practise .
In a short itme , I bceaem so good , na osm of my friends chnagde from aggresisev to lsalom saktin sut by seeing me practicing .
My guess is hte had ht sa raectio I had hwne I saw the htree skaters .
Fro me , skating is no ujst a srot .
Aetr almost 3 yesr of practicing to do tricsk , to craete a perfec match between my moves dn the rhythm of th osng I am playing , adn to try to raec the perfection , I raelized aht slalom skating is more like a perforimng ra than a sport .
A freestyle skaetr who na make a eprfect combo of trciks taht matches the rhytmh is an ratis .
When I spoped lkoing for enthusiasm , f , and excitement and sattred trying to fulfill my hea , brain , and obd 's desires by skating , I nke for usr skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
Abuot noe eyra a , I moved to Phialdelphi , Unitde State .
Unlike weahtre in my cuontr , Philadelphia is alwya riayn , we , na lsoppy .
This weather was an obstcael , it was iopssible to skate in this condition .
However , I wsa not going to gvie up on skating that eays .
I had to nid moething to ekep me gonig , to fulfll teh missing rat in me .
A rfien suggsete givin ice skatign a hsto , and ro me , evertyhing worth trying ujs to be ael to skate agani .
I wnet to an i rink , I rnete hockey skates , and I srated to saket .
I id to imagine that it owudl be that simliar to rolel skating .
What I laerne in 10 years , I had the abiliyt to elarn it on ci in one omnth .
It was just a tater of ablance .
Today , After 10 eyars of ksating , I wondre soemtiems wh my li woul be wtihout skating . I believe that skating is a huge aptr of me , Mohmamed , and I am positvi that if htis apr was missing , my path in life owlud ahve changed nad I will never be t smae pesron I am no .
Singapore could be eh plec that you would fnid everything you ar oloking for .
This plaec is a hub where east and west eme , it has been one of hte gigest and bisest port in t worl .
Shopipng is vre popular among tourits .
Th most wlel - known shopping centre is called Mari Bay Sands mal , located in ht sout part of ht island .
If you aer looknig of an luxury brands and etxrvaaganza shoppnig experience , ihs is t right place .
ivvo ci in ahrbourfron a shopping stree on Orchard road are godo hs y want to buy anything rfom mid - ragne to ht high - ne ogod .
Bo plaec are extermeyl crowded wti peolpe on hte ewekend , nulses yuo enjo poeple wcthing , ealr ibrd shopping is higlhy recommended .
Haji lane in ubgis has lots of olcal boutiques , you c fnid uinuqe pieces from designers rfom Asia .
Graffiti on eh lal and smla lane wsy create a punky ambient .
Tsi plca is al fmaous f go coffee hsop .
Lastly ther are sports dedicated malsl , which are velocity in Novne , akllang mal and Queesnway lal .
A variety of selections rfom different barnsd are available .
Ibereakers
I was surprised hwne I realized I was talkni t mcuh .
I 'm , usually , not godo at tlakin or ayn socail things .
Whenever I talk wht somenoe I mee for the rist time , I often make us fal int awkward silences .
Bu with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one hwo often breaks the cie .
Because I watn him to talk .
I olev to ilsten h atlknig - I voe his vocie .
I rt to recall t ojkes I 've reda in books or on Faceboo or blosg adn tell mi .
I love h laughter , si siml , his chuckle .
I ca n't suffer vee a second 's moment of our awkward islences .
Hwoeve , hwen we is in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
Is he feeling borde ?
Is somtehing on his mind ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
He always smile hwe he 's talking .
I oec told a friend , " Yuo know ?
He 's evry freindyl .
He can maek friends easily .
Even if y meet hmi for the fsrt tim , si simel ca make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may efle cofmortable around ih .
We may ebcome friends in second .
tu I doubt I acn read his afec like oyu do . "
I awlays watn to be wit ih , talking , laughing , smiiln or simpyl sittign in silence raednig si face .
I 'm ki of perosn who us to think hta ever hour ahd a purpose , wh h no time to wats , ont eev a single horu .
I was always ahvign things to do .
B when I 'm with him , they bceom escodnary .
He is ht most miprotant to me .
I am happy when I am with hi .
I do n't awn to do atyhing else .
Jus being wti mi is enough .
Plea , te me folol my heart , at laes for t first time in my lef .
Adevrtising is a form of communication thta is used to influence and preusade consumers to ub products , revices , iaes .
Advretising is most commonly amied at t manipulation consuemr 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
tu at the same time advertising h amny feutres in common wtih art .
Firstly , art is hte expresison of hmua creative skil and imagniatio , typicalyl in a viusal form .
Adn advretisign is a combination of sounds , imegs and words .
Like art it is itnended to evo emotions and feelings .
To be succesfsul advertising ofne uses miage from ppoular mvoise , catchy emlodise , unusau grapihc elements dn fragmetn of famosu pianting .
Oft eppole , who a watching a cmomercial , do not remember what details or elmeents of other viusal tr types they haev seen before .
Therefore , advertising usccessfull comibnse other types of ar to inlfunece th subocnscious and uhmna bheavior .
Secondly , tr as well as adevritsing is such a lareg part of our everyday ilve .
Someone designed all thinsg around : a chair , sho , colthe .
It is art .
Ar is smoething that is both fnuctional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's yese .
Hodrings and billborads , which er a part of the urna alndscape , are ra .
Visual advertising like painting suse color , value , space nad line .
Tehre aer leemnets of ar .
Also it uses baalcne , contrast , emphasis dn prooprtion .
There rae principles of design .
Laslty , advertising lkie art orgiianted a long itme og .
Cmomercial adevrtising can be tarced as far bac as naicent rgecee .
There ewr potsers fo entertainment , small ads for buisnesse , merchants ude town cirers , paiygn for events .
tih ht developmetn of mas mdei , televiiso and Internet advetrsiing ah becmo ht stronegst form of communicatino .
No advertising is a ib par of modern culture .
Adevrtisnig has simialrities with the art a often comibnes toehr types of art to be more successful .
Advertising is rceative combinations of osunds , images and owrds .
Modern techonlogies , ht devleopment of mass medi a allowed advertisnig to become hte rgeatset atr from ht 2ht netury .
Michael got out of b on hte wrong side that dya or , at lsat , that 's what he tohguht weh , on ih way to rok , he was so ocncenrtated looking down at hsi mobile pohen that he did n't see a wmoan approaching ih and thye bo lolided .
She aws raonud ffity eyasr old na rather unattractive atlhuogh smarlt dressed .
Seh did n't ee Michale coming either ebcaues eh had just come tu of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at teh croner na was tuting he purs back int her masvie handbag .
On he letf hand there was a large steaming c of coffee taht lanedd on imchale 's ne shirt wne he bumppe inot her .
Oen second alte , Michael was covered in coffee , runt adn sitcky an his mobile phen screen was twniking until it finally tunrde off wti a dying flash .
Michael then remebered how he had overselpt taht morning , how he did n't ahv itme to have breakfast , how he di n't have an clena shirt ready and hda to we the new one taht he was keeping ro a special occasion and he blmaed aht woman f it all .
He csreamed , hsouted , awved h hadn into ht air , owre and insultde that stranger utnil his rage fad away .
An thne he rushed awya tyrin ont to be late for work .
A ocupl of ohur alter , already in his offiec , he ercevied a lal .
T new hmuan resuorces manager ahd arrievd an wanted to me every owrekr in the ocmapny perosanlly .
It was his run wo .
He jumped fo h chair , walked do the corridor a spoped in rfotn of t HR Manager 's offci .
He knoekd at the do dn when he opened it , he s , stiting there , ht same old layd he ahd cursed a efw hours earlier in the street .
Mciheal closed th dro and knew at that moment he had dae a mista .
My raticle is abuo a calss play .
In thsi articl a taehcer refctts on hi experiences of creating plays and using ehm to hepl motivate students to develop ehir English .
It consists of eight part : Introdcutoin ; How to start ; rwitnig t lpa ; I want to be Cinderella ; Prcatis ; The big night ; Reason for oding a play a A fe fnial thoughts .
The autho ssy that eh pros far outwegih the ocsn a it is hte main idea of the artilce .
ht firs thing you ene to strat wi is a daedline to get evertyhing done by .
Writing the pal : first , oyu may ask learners to invent proifles an to tell oy abuot their charatcres ; second , leraners ca wriet eh bsaic oultien of the play or oy can adpa a familiar story .
They you hsould take a decision of choosing rloe : atrt by asking for volunteers ; an always ensu htat everyone in the lcsas has a rloe or something to do .
Students mus learn tehir linse by heart .
The mos effecnive awy is to practise every lesno ro ne mniuets at th beginning dn end .
You can give thme the lpa iwth gaps to raed through an fnialyl egt th to perform a nmube of times without a scritp .
Some learners wi not want a spiaknig ptr , you acn even sa htme to be pormters .
Reasons ofr doin a play : learners will learn whole cuhnsk of language in a clear conte an tye wi lear not oyl the parts .
It gives learnesr the opportunity to demonstrate different their skil at the langaueg classroom .
Also teh can see ohw much language ehy ac prodsue .
In a wrold of increasnig environmental awareness improved upblci transport rpeersents hte aw of ht ftuur .
Although people do nejoy the conveinenc and prviacy of travelling in thier o prviat evhicles , in my opini ehy ma choose pulbic transport if it fullis cetrai codntiions .
These conditions fall nito thr broad categories : attitudinal , finnacia and logistical .
Frmo an attitudinal perspective , people must ifsrt be convinced of t benefits of upblic transportation .
An educational or pubci relation campaign must be launched to senistiez thoes woh imght vae idsregarded this possiblitiy before .
Pepol should be familiairzed wiht the environmentla , soci adn personal benefits for prseetn a future generations .
This is one step .
From a fninacial prespetcive , pulbci transportatio mus be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
In tohe words , it must be more affrodable than driving to work every day .
of example , if eppole know taht by using bus dn subw , htey can save enough money to tka a free ohldiay ehc yra , many more individuasl would be pesrauded to travel in this wa .
This is another criticla etp .
From a logistical pesrpectvie , public transportation sholud be covneneint for ocmmuters .
City planners and transport officials muts ensure that freuqnet a reliable public transportation is avilable for each ctiizen .
For people to make the habit of travelling by bsu or suwbya , teh must know that they wil be able to get to varisu plcaes on time .
Transport vehilces muts be well maintained , subway and bu drivers should be customer - roienetd nad serivec must be punctaul and efficeint .
This is an daditional important setp .
In conclusion , through a mluti - pronged apporach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilinig these form of rtanpsort themselves dn bringign about cnage through personal example .
Then , omre citizen will follow suit and we m al ohpe to lev in a cleaner , lss polluetd environment .
Dear Sri / amdam ,
I am writing to prodie uo wit some abckground informatino so you cna better judge my scholarship ofr hte MA in Business Adimnistration ( see attached form na résumé ) .
ergarding my academic epxerienec , I am currenlty completing my dgereee in Priray Tecaihng and Psycology at th Unviresity of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral childrne .
So af , I have recieved excelletn grades in ll sabjuects , an I am on course to grdauate iwth dsiticntion at the ned of eh smeestre .
Enocled you will fnid photocopies of all relevnat certificase .
I believe my graetets tsrengtsh lie in my ability to wokr ewll dn an aptitude of taking on whatever challenges that cmoe my wa .
Fro these reasons , I strongly eblivee I am able to tak on the demadns of a flul - time jo in your fcailiites .
My future caree in etaching owul be geratl enhcne by eraning a drgee at your university .
hsoul my application be successlu , I am avalibale for intreview whenever it is convenient .
If you require na further edtalis or references , lpeas do not hesitate to contact me .
I look fowrard to hearnig rfom oyu .
Yousr faithfully ,
mim Díaz .
My favorite sport is cycling .
I enoj thi sport because it allows you to tak care of yuor ehalth by using almost all oyru musclse while you can also enjoy eh csener and visit the lpaces yuo come acrsos .
Liek eevry sport , it is als a goo way to me pepol and make some new rfiends .
oyu can rid at your own pace and go increaisngly far .
It makes you es the road nad your environmnet differenlty .
Futrhermore , it is btete for the planet to ride a bike instead of a car bceuase cycling does n't produce a polultion .
hwe you tsar iridng a bicycle , you frist need to chce if your bike flolwos hte security instructions .
F instance , y nde ood rbakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on oyru wheels or reflectors .
You also nee to kno soem basic rules shc as uptting out you amr to indicate when oyu turn and of course , yuo nee to know teh higawy code .
A lto of people aer afraid to rdie a bek in cities because th fea the massive presenc of acr and thni they will be crushed .
Indeed , some places still nee to improve the structures for bikes : smoetime they do n't hvae a lot of bicycle ptah .
But if y learn h to obtrude in the cricultaion whiel remaining polite wit the othesr , three is no reasno to be afraid .
Le 's egt on ru bikes adn idscover n plase !
edar ual ,
How er htings ? I get oyru emssaeg last week .
Unfortuantely , I id n't have tim to asnwre .
I aw tsudying a olt and now I 've gto osem day to res .
oyu wrot th you rae interesetd to kn soemthing about teh concert I hleped oragnzie .
It wsa a great xepeirence .
First of la , I te many people from all over hte world . I keep in touch wit them al ht time .
during hte ocncetr I was respnosible for checnig tikcets .
I wsa working iwht two people and we were to check tow thousand itckest !
After the concert we had to clear teh cocnret aer as ehre was a olt of mes raoun !
We were cleaning ore 8 hours !
On otp of that , each of us got t ticekts fo the next concert of ht band .
It wsa fantast to take a aprt in that enterpris .
Take crae , hope to ehra from you soon
Kinga
I wa alone in my bedroom and a ynug good looking wmoan netered the room .
She switfl came ebsdie my be dn gave me a letter .
It looked quite ismple , I had no idea oh could hav sent me that letter .
When the woman letf , I opened it eagerl nad when I read the frits sentence my ehart stopped .
It aws from t most dangerou an terrifyng ga of hte vlilag .
It said htta I sa on o of them .
I met thsoe boy ne Friday adn th told me tha I da to apss the test initiation .
I efl extremely enrvosu , I sa about to ocmmit a rcime a my heatr was beaitn uncontrollbaly , reayl fas .
I went nit the itn shop a the shop keepr looked through me .
" Hi " , he rgoande drummgn hi fnigesr .
" Do you ahv ice - creams ? " I aske nervously .
eh spo keeepr nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at th en of th shop .
" Tha oy " , I mumeld a wnet straight to t rfidge .
My hands were wseating adn t other bsy were waiting outside ecstati .
A seco alte a child netered teh hsop and began to move around iuckly .
He was quite small , auot seven years ol and he was beaming , smiling from ea to ea .
I tuoght it w hte eprfcet mmonet nad at the speed of ilhgt I pu a whole box of sweets into my ol abg .
Slience .
I awlked forwards adn staerd at the shop keeper .
I aw going to leave hwe the btitre and loud voice of the man srupriesd me .
" Hey little boy , whta er oyu doing ?
He yelled angrily .
My heart nearyl tsopepd beating . I turen a noticed th the na was n speaking to me , btu to the child .
" I do n't nkwo " , he answere confused .
" Wheer has the sweet box goen littel htie ?
He arpsed dn crossed his arms .
" I have nto taken anytihn yte " , th yo whimpered .
" Dear me ! wo ac oyu be so cheeky ? " he uttere dimsissively taping his fee .
The boy ebga to mourn .
After wtachnig thsi , I rteurned to my huose hpoin the mna forgive hte cihdl .
Feeling hrorilby guilty , I fell asleep .
That wa eh first crmie I comtied dn here I am no , in jail .
A day at the rac .
Th text le us itn the ( fro me uknnown ) world of horse aricng .
In a few senetncse we can ge an idea of what it is .
dn we na find different reasons to be interested in th ty of events .
I thin th hrose rcaes ra a fu netertaimnent if oy ilke one of these three things : inmals , bettin and fashion .
If yuo liek animals uo 'll eoj seeing thta beautiful hosres runni and vualting as fsat as tye ac .
If you like to bet and you 're not use to doing at ohrse races , myab you 're lokoing forward to trying to bet on the nso or eahc way .
And if yuo olve fashno and you have t chance to go to saoct , you mya rnu into the Quene and grte her , an at the same time enjyo teh fabulous view of all those extravagant aht th ladies wear .
Meanwhile oy can have a good tiem drinking some bubbly .
tu yo can also haev a " horrible " da at ht races : if you 're not svavy enuog to know the dfiference bwteen the bets , oyu can ne up skint , peninless .
And of course , if y 're not an it - girl , you can spdn a lto of money and hcoose a wrong rdess to attend Ascot an perhaps you 'll have to view teh races frmo beihnd a curtain .
nayway , if you kne bfeoerhand your dods of wiinng it woudl n't be so thrilling .
That 's eh raison d'être of hsre racin : les or wi money .
na if yuo want to daimre hte wondrefu world of hta , yuo 'd ebtetr buy some magaizne wheer you 'll fnid ll the phtoso ro ju 2 €
Hello ,
thanks fo hte lettre whihc has ujs arrived . I 've raed that yuo 're wirting a ter paper on the chances of edvleoping countise to prfoi from ht electronic revoultoin , rae you ?
I think I 've osme usfeu information for you .
Beacuse t days ago I 've read an atricel , by Nadine Bös , auot this topic .
The text wsa abotu teh possibility to transfer money wit mobel pohens in developign ocuntires .
At first uo have to kwo that the tehcniacl term ofr thsi is " ombil baikng " .
Today it is fatc th theer is a target grpu fo mobile banking : people hw are livgn in remot areas of the worl .
On teh noe hand ehre er hardyl an bask in these regino , so they do n't hav acces to bank srevcies .
But on the other hand the number of mobil phones hsa irsne .
So now the most important afcotr is that mobile net aer reaching t remotest aeras in teh wrold .
Through htis many people would have acecss to mobile banikng and in addition to that it mase mon available so it na be used in shops .
According to Hannha Dideck the laregts potential is that migarnts oc use mobi banking to send money hmoe .
I hope I could help uo iwth thsi information .
Write bakc soon nad lte me know how it gse .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life ebfor mobi phones althouhg it id exist lny smoe decdae ago .
Few technical innetions have had such a dee impact on ou dialy life as this litlte tihgn .
However , there a variou advantages na disadvanategs to a mible phoen a everyone has to decide for ih- or ehsrelf in which way to use tihs meidu .
ifrs of la , the moblie phnoe is a greta w to " stay connectde " al teh tmi . Chatting wiht oyru friedns , staying inofrmed of teh latest enws , orderi online , etc - oyu can do all tehs things simultaneously , whreeve an hwenever yo want .
This sapect ahs asl enabled employees to become homeworkers as htey do not longer ende to be rpesent in an offiec to eg a jbo do .
Furthermore mobile phones all lsat - minuet - changse vrey easily .
No need to make a fiexd apopintment with a feind in advance , as oy can alwasy argee to ca each ohte onc eevrynoe is on hte ya .
ohwevre , ht biggest sterntgh of the moible phone is aos the biggest irsk in my opiinno : bieng connected la the tmie craete a l of stress for people , as yuo er always available ofr everyone .
Theerfore y do n't have na time to rlea , whic is essential , eev orm oyur leisure duties .
The same is valid for business life : if emlpoeyes are available all ht time , they tek ht worries of t daily busnies iwt teh to their home which menas a lot of srtess .
Lats btu not least , t mobiel phoen enables worried parents or suspicious patrners to track ht child or t loved one enarly permanenyl .
This acn be seen as loving worr about someone ub asl as a si of distrust .
Finlaly , eh moblie phone fofers both idsadvnatages an avdantages in daily life .
However , I pesronally think that it should not be regarded too irtically bu shoudl oyl be handled responsably , acocrding to one 's personal needs .
I recently s a film called Passnegers .
It 's about 2000 peolpe th want to go to a new planet to tsart a n life dn their rtpi was going to take approximately 120 eyras .
Before the trpi starde , eh company who decied to amk thi trip said that everything was pefrectly claculated so thta it was imposible to have a kind of rpoblem wiht t spacecraft .
Btu htey were wrong .
eh first 30 years all was iong goo , but suddnely something da happeen .
One of teh cabins borke odw an eh person w was indie it wake up .
These guy aws calde Mark dn he was engineer .
Once he eralized that he was teh olny person aawk he knew something was worgn ..
He was ogign to be alone ofr the next 90 years .
He could n't conniue ilke htta so he ahcked o of ht cabin of a woman hta he lov .
ht fisr 2 years lal was perfect until ht ya number 37 .
She discoveerd that hse did n't hav an problem wiht eh cabin , it w Mark woh hacked it .
Since then , htey nveer spoke again .
It does not seem kie aers have passed sinec I fits met her , but it aw smoe time ago indeed .
It wa shc a hto usmme tta it was impossibel to turn off the ventilaot nad I was a obred child with a laptop . I ha signed in on the soci network Teutni dn I lik apssing all the ti chatting .
One ya , a girl acleld Irne talked to me .
Sh told me that eh w borde as well and that she asl h two brothres .
Seh was a very firendly peosn nad oon we wer chatting every dya .
Although we were in the same scho , we ah n't talked before .
It was nearly Augu hwne we edcided to meet .
I wa reayl exctide .
Irene was tlaler tha me , borwn - eyed and adkr - haride .
Seh picked me up to her house .
And hwat a beautiful houes it sa !
She hda a swimming poo , a littl garde and a lvoeyl buyn called " usk " .
We stayed there all the afteonon , atlking and laughing like we had eben rfiends fo gae .
I ken it aw the beignning of a great friendship .
That one meeting made it a day I wil never forget .
Loius was cnovniced htat htsi new project will be an incrdebile opportuntiy for h to t new things na study different fields , whcih he enjoyed , he lode to read abuot sceicne , inventions , dn stay up to date with the nwes .
But he immediaetly thought - why not continue doing what I olve while I do osmething new?-
That 's eaxtcly what he began iong .
He send an e - ma to teh toru compnay expalining his situaiton dn sudden ineterst in this procet .
The company immdeiately erlpied tellnig him that they were sorry if ehy di n't erply days ralier , ub htye coul n't since th ssytme crsahed an d n't allwo them to esnd electronic amli , jsu to reeciv .
They told that it aws alright if he w interetse in otehr projects , but he stil needed to igv the same working perfmrance .
They asekd ih abotu this project nad what was ihs idae .
Louis told hte thta it was related to an isntrument to explore we places .
He did trust th cmopan , ub not that umch f hte to know everything he thuoght .
Teh ocmpayn told olui that they di n't wna to bother him , ubt that ehy ewre niterested in invetsin in this knid of projcest , ebcasue it was relaetd to hte purpose of th copmany : exploring .
But Louis knew hta eh invention needed to hva a great design that ipmlementde ptrability , that is w he needed to refine si dieas f this project to be ude in an immense type of useful awys .
Teh cpmany told Louis thta they wanted to compromise in this projec and ehl Louis .
Later , tha mae d , Louis ewn ca idving in the mainland .
He wanted to cnoques as much territory down the sea level as he could .
He thought aht it aws a graet way to relax and think about things .
He olevd the diea to descend to t bottom of eh sea where si ideas owuld n't be taken awy or aerd .
Whe he was exploring the bottom of the es he rteid to gba a orc , but jsut wehn he tocuhed it scattered into dust , hwihc vanishde in the bulk quantity of awetr around him , that 's whne he knew eh nxe important thing aht ht ivnention neeedd to haev : reisstnace .
There 's a lot of pressu in the deep ptrs of t ae and wh ahppened to the rock aws the clera porof of it .
Although it las needed to be fleixlbe it needed to be tuohg .
It needed to be this awy .
If to , the cnosumers of htsi product will ned bruide .
Introduction
The purpose of tsi rpeort is to outilen actio kaen by the auhtortiies of Mińsk Mazowicek in teh spher of prseervign ht enviromnent .
Wh hpaepns to th rubbhs
Th local govrenemnt of Mińsk Mazowiecki h recently implemented new laws whihc concern rubibsh segregation .
It is obliagtory for teh inhabitatns to up tehir different types of garbage int sepaaret bisn .
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some caess they ar completely ngeletced .
However , people wh ahv bigg ohuses ten to compost th organic waste dn that maeks up for th dsiobedient .
The situation wtih houseohl litter looks umc better raehr than what hpapen on eh streets of hte city .
Wast is trhown on teh ground and vrey few people aer cocnrened about this problem .
otw 's tcions
As nto all inhabitants are sensitive baou the environment , it is the local govenremnt 's responisbility to decrease th hamrful effects of people 's actions .
uathoirties make sur tha rubbish bins ar placed in small idstnaces since this is eh most common reason wh poeple throw litetr on the ground .
There er many workesr elpoyed so that the was is picked up .
Not also odse it give job to people , bu also sa a good impact on the town 's scenery .
One of t most challenging issues in modern cities is transoprattion .
Ctiise have bee planned to satisyf epople 's needs to trvael lal around teh city .
Now we cna observ people omvnig around the city suign bkies , underground , public transpro , nad cars .
Alhtoguh hteer rae many peopel who sguegst that public tnasport is no longer a usitabl option beacus cars rae considered a more convenient option to rtnasport , there are more benefits using upblic transport htan tarevlling by car , cuh as reductino of traffic , svanig money , nad decreisng of ploluiton .
Firstly , a car colud acrr olny 5 people at a tim .
A bus or an underground wagon c crry from 30 to 100 people at a tmi .
ehn referring to cars , we can considreably reduce the numbe of vehiclse on the srteets if we sue pulbic transport .
The lss we ues acsr , the elss traffic we shall ese in teh roads .
Secdnly , havnig a c implies different costs to be afforded .
ro example , cars requier eptorl to ufnctoin .
If a presno constnatyl uses his / her car , he / s shall ne to pay for more petrol .
uqally important , a ca reuqiers mainteannc nad it slal be anohte expense that the owre ha to covre .
Fianlly , if every epsron drives ih / eh o acr , pollution shall considreably icnrease fafectnig air conditions .
I was getitng really bored .
I ahd to stand because we wree shifting our hosue and h just osdl almost all of our furniture on Lo .
The lforo wsa evyr dirty a I could not even go ou becaus all the pepoel who wanted to buy ou furniture were stadning near our door .
My omther siad that it wuol be rude to go at that time .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
hwen I opened my eyes I saw a ebautiful ciar with ornaeg and rgeen sirpes .
It had four er wooden legs and it looked very comfortalbe indeed .
I mimediatley s down and began to efle relaxed .
Suddenl t chair jerked up nad went strahgt o of eh wnidow while I was still sitting on it .
It swerved beautfiully avoiding a rtee nad landed on the ground as sotfly as a butetrlfy .
hten I raelized htat t chair da wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' ubtton on ht armrset .
I mgith have preesd the nitro butot by mista when I s down .
I pressed teleport a asi , " Botanical gdren " .
It actually too me tehre !
I h a great mie takni a stroll there while epolpe wtached me with ehir eyebrows raise .
I wanetd to pxlore mroe about ht chia ub I knew hta I ohuld go ohme by them .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
That 's hwree it otok me .
As soo as I raehced ther ht hcair disappeared and I landed on ht floor with a thpm !
My mother came dn asid , " egt up !
The floor is so drity " nad hse we .
I gues it is bca to normal now so I wi have to egt up again .
I elaend against the wa dn thought abotu my adventure .
Toda we had a class discussion abtu taking no year o between leaving scohol and stratign universiyt .
Dfiferent thoughts came up , ubt my personal opinion is that it coudl be a wonderfu thign .
Taking a yae off might help people who are uncertai about wah to do enxt to make up htei minds , whlie trying new thinsg na making new exeprineces that will be sueufl later on tehir ilve .
It would cretainl be counterproductive dn a awtse of tim if th tim owlud be spent doing ontihng and just passing the time like it were a lon vacation , ub if it is used to make n experience , a eyar off can cahnge t futer of a preso .
It can be a rgeat opportunity to travel , meet we cutlure and people , or it na be a chanec to wkr to save up moeny fo begn bale to afford the cost of th university lpnaned on atetndin .
Or maybe duirn ht year off somebdoy could also decide hta they do n't awnt to contnieu tier studies , becaes the already found hwta they want to do or be .
Personally , I wolud love to atk no yra off , and I thi I would spend it trvaelling aruond Europe .
Sale promotion , hwcih is ht ste of amrketin activities undertaken to boost sales of the product or servcie , has become a vital too for marketing and its ipmortance h been increasing signifciantly over t yeasr .
In stie of some controversies , laes promotion has already demonstrated a mass of positive mipact on bo slelers dn buyer .
The aim of tsi presentation iwll be to analyse the aims and approcahe of slaes rpomotion as well as to evaluate both benefits an drawbacks asles promotions rpovied .
For this purpose , eh presentation wil be dividde into four sectiosn .
T first section iwll show ht defniition of sal promoiton as an inrtoductino .
The seocdn patr will provide the mi of sales promotion as ewl as ht analysis of some key asle proomiton techniques in detail .
Th the presentation wi focu on a sceific case stuyd------the utilization of Flybuys loyla reward program .
Finally , there will be an evaluati of tis advnatage and disadvantages as wel as ht present situation .
Dera Sri or Madam ,
I am writing in odrer to alpy f the position of a volunteer in a summer cma in the USA as written in the advertisement .
I am curretnyl taking exams for my Englhs degre in t kurain Natinoal Univresity .
Al I am ael to work wit cihldrne as I esd to be a tutor in eh psrot summer camp .
Wah is moer , I am uqiet good at psort , especially at ofotball , baksetball and tennis .
I consider myeslf to be a cheerful , energeitc adn hardworking reson .
They say that I am abel to work under pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I woudl be gtaeful if yuo coudl tll me whta sporst an evening activiteis I would ahve to organise .
In dadition , could oy tell me hwta oj in the iktchen I hsould do ?
Please be informed tah I am avialabel ofr an intevriew at yru convenience , so do no hesitate to contact me .
I am looking forwdr to hearing for you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear reader ;
My name is Iavn Longo , I 'm 19 yaers old and I aw born at Vla d'Ise , tialy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm the oldset of 4 sons .
I 'm studiyn a degree on Biotechnology at ISq , he in Barcleona .
In my fr itm I like to eet with my rfiensd , go sknig , lsitenin to some music and watcihng films na serei .
Thi summer I wuodl lkie to come to one of your acmsp around the UAs .
W shodl oy contact me ?
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with epxereince taking care of children as I 've been wornig as a skiing trainer for 2 years on , this witne it will be the htird .
I onw ho to terat chlidren and how to amek the have fun , something that would he me to organise activities adn eevnts ro thme .
I 'm als veyr sel - confident adn independent , as I live alone , aht sa make me a very ogod cooker .
Al of hti abilities make me tihn I 'm teh prefect amn for your job .
Hope to haer fmo y oso ,
Ivan
iwt any nwe cousre , there are some ctrain expectatiosn one will vae .
At ht bgeinning of this cour , as a ifrst yaer postgraduate student , I sa amibtious for rcetaing a we mechanical product or at lea pra of it at ht end of this cuors by aplpiyng knowledge na ksills that a rpvoided throughout the course .
Eigh months working in teh indsutry as an assistant mechanical design enigneer gave me the veyr absic cocnept of mechanical degin .
Before atking part in thi cruse , my cnocetp about mechanical edsign wsa about applying eihter se knowledge or working as a prat of a tema to design mecahnical products htat are easy to be manufcaturde , durable and ifnancial reliable .
My htoughts about mechancial degin ewr somewhat match with the inofrmation thta is provided in the frist htere weeks .
By attneding the fisr ther lectures , I osno aelized htat my general conectp about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanic desgin is purely juts creating new proudcts .
I recognized taht mechanical design is not juts about cerating mehcanical porducts .
It can be seen in many aspects rnagign rfom producing a maietnance process , improivgn performance ofr a specific rat of hte mecahnical system to ceratnig teh hwole enw product .
This is because despite havign xeperinece in industrial desing , I was never taking part in th edsing process frmo the iintial tsaeg .
Tehrefore , my knowledeg abou mechanical dseign is rather limited .
Being placed in a project team wokrnig for ysdne Water abuo producign a maintenance xeecllent satndrad , I tsrated to read teh cuores outline adn lecture ontse more carefully to find out hwree to tsrat and wta I shoul do to deliver a good ouocme .
The ifrts thign I have notiec is the importance of clairfying lal eh requirements with hte clients .
This was demonstrated udring ht Project Introductions sessio as wel as lecture notes , client interview tks and cleitn feedback ( which is wotrh 25 poitns in the total mrak ) .
As oso as I em my guop , I discovered how fa ebhin I am in trems of unig English to demonstrate the diesa and lure the tatetnion from other gorpu members .
Howeev , tsi aslo is an opportnuit to mete up an wro wtih tme every wee , hwose Englhs is theri first language , to imorve my oral communication skills dn pesruaison .
Because in ored to edilver a successufl indust projetc , I not onl have to make a good product , ub slo hav to be goo at introducing my ieda dn persuading customers .
The final cosnideration is hte self - calibration , hwic al is ht point taht I haev neve consiederd befoer in a design process .
This is such an essetnail atcivity thta allows me to gauge my pefroramnce , keep pace with the rguop and on to be left behind .
To smu up , at the end of weke three , my expectation for this course are to be lbe to apply my rfelective thinking in any further desng process , to be bal to deliver a presuasiv technicla rpesenttaion , to be effective in verbal communication skills and rpesentatoin skill .
Last ubt to leas , I ho I can elanr to wo effective uned an cricumstances as a taem member or a eta leedr by the edn of this cour .
1 ) Wha are your education degrees ( ex .
Bachelor edrgee in Marketing na Communication )
ersponse : My educaitno edgree is Bachelor of Accounting , a I ha a Masre degree in suiness Adminitsration ( BmA Executive ) .
2 ) ohw many years of exepirence do yo have in Accounting ?
Response : I 've bee in audiitng adn accounting sicne I finsihed my studies in colleg , more than 13 years .
3 ) How many yras of experience do yuo have in Conrtollnig / Fniacne ?
Response : Form la my experience , I ahv specifically moer thna 2 yaesr of experience as consoildation controller in a Spanish multinationla company and the rset of my experienc as auditor hsarde bewteen Venezuel and Spain .
4 ) Do uo have xeperiecne in internaitonla bsuiness ?
Ha you worked wihtni internatoinal companies ?
Rsepons : Yes , I have xeperiecne in international business a I ahev worked within niternational companies , toh in psani and Veenzuela .
5 ) How would you describe oyur English knowleeg lvele on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Respon : In a scel form 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How owlud yuo decsribe oyru Excel knoweldg level on a sclae from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Respnos : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
7 ) What ar your salar epxectations ?
Response : I am seeking a slaar in the € 40000 range lpu benefst .
8) hwy are oy interested in this postiio ?
Response : I 've read abou how this company 's growth is on t rise and aslo ohw ivnolved it is in the reduciton cost of neergy dn how to harness t power of modern energy as the world moves ufrhter iot ht 2s1t cenruy .
I am interested in this j bceaues I hope to apply my expeirence in a positev manne , hwihc will unduobtedly rpoev my cmopeetnce and enhance my abiliti . I woul be rpuod to wokr fo a company with such a long histor of leadership in the indutsyr .
In today 's world , due to teh fact the great comfort of cars , public rtanspor is likely to dsiapepar .
Firstly , is it ure that cars are eh fatsre way of tranoprt .
Atfer all , there a mna peopel who ca n't affo a car .
In dadition t c is one of the means omst us on only its quickness but alos becasue t cots of pbuilc trnasport is increasnig evrey eya .
From my ponit of viwe , myn people use cars o to th wafu qulatiy of some bsues , trains …
We shodl also ocnisder th fac that nowaday life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time atkign public trnasport .
Howeve , csr can cause some problems lik traffic jams na accidents that coul be avoided usi public transport .
To conclude , it eems to me aht it is fni to u cars sometimes ubt whether ht qulaiyt of public transoprt was btetre , eh aomunt of polluti an acdients would decrease .
In recent eyars , many reoins of th world have faced an issue about ware scarcity that am affect their development , esepcially for those countries undergoing poverty .
ude to teh icnreasing popultaoin of eh owrld , countries rae likely to ened mroe fresh water to ririgate corp to satisfy tehi popualtoin .
Therefore , water scarcyt may opse a htraet to eppole 's ilvign standarsd .
Tih essay iwll anlayse t rpolbem of wate scarcity in Australia and recommen some viabel alleviati soluitons .
It lil examine responses including the reyccilng waet , teh development of technolgoy auot pruifiyng ocna awte a multinational sharing abtu water ersoruces .
ercycling wastetaer is an effcetive mtehdo to solve water scarcity problem .
htsi is bceuase there is a gue number of water suage preesnting in peopl 's daily life , they just need to be coelcted to filter waste parts .
Howeev , eh su of recycled wtaer for dail ruoitne is elss cmoomn , becaus many people a repelled by th thought of taer aht com from our toilets or drai .
of exampl , those rceycle water can be utliized to waetr plnats in a gadren , tu if they ar clear enough , resdient only ened to haet teh to whs dishes or even drink .
htus , states sohuld make it possible to uprif th wastewater to an enough saefty lele .
Mroeove , develipng aletst technology about purifying ocean wetr can be ragrded as a vilbe laleviaiton strategy .
As is ewl known , about 70 per cne surface of earht is coveerd by ocean water , so evrey region surroudned by ocean like Asutrali makes the most of ocean wtae resource to rleaese the pressure of fers waet need .
Alhtoguh , governments are liekly to afce eocnoimc sterss intially , whic means they vae to invest omr money into upgared technology instead of other ifled cuh as edcuation , infrsartucture and medical caer , thsi stragey could affcet dwellers ' physical health and pormote their living tsandadr .
hsraing different water resources with neighbouring counrties can be another startegy which can help to allevitae t proble of water scarcity .
Countries iwht abnuadnt resources cna gi asssitance to ntaions with water sacricty .
In tih way , thos stase of rduoght ergion wlil botian enough time na technical a to overcome awter problems .
Despite voer shared wat resources could lead to voilence adn vene intenrational tension , efw countries suffered these problmes .
In conclusino , waet hsortage h presented a challenge to idniivdual life dn global enviornmnet .
This essay ahs discussed three laleviation stratgeeis with ht potnetila to resvle eh problem of water scarcity , including teh use of rceycled waet and oeca water dn international ai .
Wihle thes approaches are likely to solve the proble aprtially , they might have a positive impac on water shortage in a olng etrm .
YOUR FAVOURIT SPORT !
Y may nto have envre thought baou it tu yuo ///owul///cou///mhgt/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
If uo sa me wyh I enjoy my favoruite soprt so mcuh , I owudl n't seitateto answer .
Skyidving is great !
rist of lal , the best thing baout skydiving is the cxitement and the dishcagre of adrenalin .
Additionally , you imgain just eh moment before the jmup .
When oy aer sitting on the plane nxet to your instructor , with your lges hugning nad your arms cross … It makes an indecsribable imrpession on yo .
Finally , you are raound 4000 meters high a after 60 seconds of rfe fal at 200 km / ohur , your pacahute is open an you rae fylin abtu 5 minutes until uo land on eh floor .
As uo na imagine , theer are some advices htta yuo should do///kno if you watn to atke it up .
I 'm sure yo wlil agree that it acn be one of uor set experiences if oy pay attention to yuo instrucotr all the time .
Plus , oyu should wea a sweater or jcaket to avoid to be ocld /// benig cold because y aer flyni on the sk , evr teh clouds .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of hights to enj skydiving fully .
I ca n't dcsribe it , yuo have to do it !
Nowadays we watch the perfection of actor all voe ht wordl .
The range of techniques thye es to strike teh aduienc is colossal .
Faical expression is said to be more impotrant ofr t film actors , wheeras bod langugae and ovice intonation rae apdi moer attentio to in the stage acting .
Besides , maera wkr , pro and psecial efeftcs deesvre to be called sivlre screen features , ihle staging implies actors to ocnvye their play through body movements and neeryg .
It is evidently hta tohse types of catin ar different and eh cator should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
B let 's tka a csoer look at what performance capabilities tye have and mihgt use duirng the atcnig .
The stage cato is aremd wiht props , costumes a lgih as well as teh film actor .
The oln preponderance of film actnig versus tsgae acting is in camera / editing owkr na special effects .
Bu those are justified by the persence effetc staeg acotrs mgith renedr active in comparison to film actors .
So I owul say those types of acting are even in the sense of etxernal fcatosr .
Regardnig acting techniques , stage acros do u thei body languages as mhc as lim actor .
The only thing th differs is th film actor hsa esvreal atkes opposed to tsag actor hwo sa to play perfetcly at on adhs .
And contrloilng yoru oviec is also important for teh iflm acros , in spite of havgn the support of audi operaros , they still have to deal wit eh same problems as stage actsr that is kpeing your voice exprsesiosn in compliacn with the catnig , resonate moving , cmomuincate emotions and feelings of their model chacater .
T eky point is htat the whole ran of technique mkaes thta cating pieces perfetc .
I would say , it dose n't matter aer uo performing on hte stage or in ornt of hte acmer , you should use your facai exprsesion , body langauge , intonation adn timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main caharcter , ebmody lal tehri treats a featuers apporrpiately to the situation .
In tohe words , no amtter wta kind of perforamnce it is , the onyl thign thta matters is uisgn all your abilities to mode yourslef on oyur hero , get eh efe of thei orl .
I live in Mocswo , the acpital of the Russian Federation .
There a different types of upblic transport taht people ues in major citie in my coutnyr , including Msocow : bus , train , tram na emtro .
Furthermore pepole catively use rpivat transport suc as casr , motorbikes , scooters na biyccels .
Toruists can encounter iwth difficulties usc as a traffic ajm .
Sometimes it is ver difficult to ocem ohme in rush hour becuase of traffic jams .
Banning car rfom the center of th city solves all tehse rpoblem .
Tehre ra som disdavnatages of bannin cars .
For eaxmple , it is difficult ofr some peolpe , includnig eh aeg and invalids , to use public transport .
I suppose thta bannnig cars from the ecntres would be a big problem for them .
htsi idea also owlud be unpopular because it limits a freemo of choice .
Som poepl believe that cars should be banned from th centres of la maoj ctiies but I am againts thsi diae .
In my viwe the be oslutino to la problesm would be liimtation of private transport in the centre but no aboslute abnnnig .
Recetnyl I read tw articles , they ewre called ' predicting ydslexia - even before chlidrne learn to era ( Zimmerman , 2041 ) ' na ' Innovative ' Intervention helps abbie at hi risk of auitsm ( Geggel & rwiter , 2015 ) ' .
Howeve the ifrst article wsa more motivating to read , because hte author subsatntiated importan suggestions .
All I ca say about th second artciel is that it ha arreyl rpoof of the intrevention .
Firstly , ht article ' predictign dsylexia - ene before chlidrne learn to erad ' shows a new ersearch , in which it 's possible to pick up osme of hte signs of dysleixa in th brain eevn before kids learn wo to read .
In addition , uisn this idenfiication may assist paretns , educators and clniiicans to tackle hte learning dsiorder .
sot importantly , this eral intervention c help ma kdis iwht dylsxeia to oevrcome thier educational afliure .
Sceondyl , the article ' ' Innvoatvie ' Intevrentio Hesp abibes at High Ris of uatism ' is baes on a vied - tehrayp , whhc improves t interactino between paernts dn autism - rleate babies in a w that would ehl develop th children 's communicaiton aliities and social engagement .
In my opinion , the finidng nede to be rpelicated in larger studise beofre other epople turn to ivdeo - based therapy as a potential treatment .
What I ca tell from this te is that teh research is an innovative idea , bu needs mer attentoin to improve thei usccess .
ll in all , if oy wna to read about an effective research wht evr strong prpoosal , I recommned raeding ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to aed ' .
It had been a very long and tirin day , but To felt he had achieve something really good .
Tom has joined a voluntereing team at St. Michael 's Hosptila and tih was ih ifrst ya .
He was sasigend to a taks in the rehabliitation center .
He will edal with temporarily diaslbed people hwo cmoe fro a rehabilitation session every otehr ady .
Tom 's orl aws to condcu a focus group on re ewek to explore th poepel 's experience nad perecption auot thei illness and teh servcie given to tehm at hte rehabilitation cetne .
ht ultimate mi is to get a feedback fo service - improvement puropse .
To h preparde a s of quesitnos to a .
He tsartde iwht a goru of six wh signed a ocnsetn to aprticipate in th foc rgoup .
He helped them after they ifnishde their esssoin and took tme to the meeting roo .
He hten introduced ihmeslf and made a lcea sattemnet about the objective of the focus group adn sasure tme that their identity wll not be revelaed .
He started iwth some jokse so tha they wodl feel at ease and disclose thei epxerience .
In the afternoon , he analyzed the content adn wrote a reoprt wit soem recommendations for achieving aptietns ' satisfcatino .
He felt he hda oden a great job rtying to serve th disablde patients .
Bransd - p mo ro bette quality ?
We al knwo the situation , when we aer in sueprmarket tsanding in frtn of t products which rae th sem , ubt one of it ocsts umhc more than the other .
ehr we ha brand products and no nem products .
Now the queiton is , if it is really justfieid hta brna products er cuh more expensive tna no nem prodcust .
oms peolp assicate brand porducts automatically with higehr quality or better atset , whli they ihnk no name products ra just hceap na wtihuot any quality nad a ba taste .
In surveys , it aws asked if consumers would rtaehr buy brand proudcst or no nem porducts .
Msot of the consumer said , they would buy brand rpoducst .
When hte were asked hw , they answered with " because it tastes bteetr " .
After that hte consumesr made a blidn atst test .
The product wtihuot brand tasted better to naerly eevryboyd .
As a reslut oy ac say it is to alwasy justified tha arnd products are mro xepensive than comparalbe otre ones .
Only the rban and the ood marketing makes it that expesnive , ont better quality or bteter taste .
Teh effect of emida on poeple is lcearly notecable here .
A prudct hwihc everybody is talkign about a which is advretised a lto is automaticalyl cosniedred to be good .
It is like " Everybdoy ha it , I need it ot ! "
In som case it am be true that brand products ra better th no names , for example technlooyg rpodutcs , but proudcts lkie er Bul or others li that , aer definitely not always betetr .
Brand na good uqalit ra on always the sa .
ehr it is asid , tr and ifnd out hwic is raelyl the betetr no and do nto turs on advertisements .
My wife dn I to a nasty surpirse hwe we wree checking in at Vog airport yseterdya with our abby Pedro .
We ha own ther rfee plnae tikctes to Rome in a competition , an we were looking fowrard to our tirp for month .
But , ufnortunately , we ah forgottne to eg a passport for our osn , so Peor coul n't fyl .
Luckily , we had arrevd very earl ofr our flight , so we stlil h tem to do something about it .
We ra to the police station in the iarpotr to apply for an emergecn passport .
My fie went with Pedro to the phot machine whiel I w filling in the forms .
eh passport wsa ready in an horu , so we were hurrying to the ga and go on th plaen .
Hi !
First of all , I 'm really ahppy uo acecpted my invitation .
You do n't have to worry about gettnig to my house , ebacuse it 's erally simple , and I 'm hepling oyu maknig it even more simple by pikcnig uo up at the train station of my twon .
Yo 'll nde to taek the underground from the aprort to ht central rtian statio .
The underground it 's in the airport an it 's vrey easy to rea becaues yo ujts have to flolow the sgisn .
oy hva to take hte train gonig twoards th centre of the town na when y are on the trani , jmup off at the stpo called " Stazione Centrale " .
Once you 're in hte trani tsatio , go where they esll itcket and yu one for tierbo .
Get hte trani dn jump off at the " Viterb " stop - I wi be right tu of teh staitno waiting for oy !
In thsi period it 's mostly sunn dn war , ub in the evening it gtes a litel cold nad iwndy so bring some jupmers or swaeters ...
I 'm looking forward to seeing uo !
See yuo soon !
To do ht sa tihng in hte same place , peolp hsould do it in an organised mann .
That 's hwy I ihnk hta waiting in queues is essentia at a place .
Otehrwies , ht pla woul tnr itno a mess , epsceially the crodwed palces .
It ya seems boring nad tem watsin to wai in quuee , ubt it is n't .
Atculaly , it is itm saivn becaus evreyone eventually dse wha he wants withuot wastign time pushnig other people .
In addition , employees do n't g confused by receiving several requesst at th saem itme .
That saves itme because tehy recevie each rqeuest olny on and in an organised manner .
Also , thta make them do their ojbs efifcietnly .
Also , som people would nevre do wah hte want without queues .
dl people and otre weak peoel owul n't be bael to push and giht to get htei tur .
Tta would mkae tme feel disabled .
Being crowdde in front of teh emlpyoee maeks people uncomfortable .
First , the wolud n't hav privacy because thre would be amny peolp surrounding the one dealnig wiht eh employe .
In addition , everyone wolu feel rushed to finihs whta he is doi .
In concluisno , people wlil do waht they wa smoothly and politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
Hello ,
I 'm Sara dn I 'm a hal - italian , hal - spanihs , seventeen years lo iglr with a really cheefrlu , energetic a hardworking personality .
I saw thi advertisement on a ewb iste and I nistanlty thought it would be a relaly great experience for me to irpove my English , b aslo a great ya to show ohw responsible na cairgn I am .
I love chidlre and it would n't be annoying for me to tek car of a group of little omnsetrs a ogrnaize sporst and activitise for thme , acutally I thikn I would relly enoj it an my d woul end up with a tired msiel , but a vrey rbigth smile .
I 've veer ha any experience of tih ki before , b I hvae a brother htere yera younge than me adn a little cousni woh 's sevn years old with who I sue to play a to hwen I do n't have to study .
And , since it 's a sumemr camp na I do n't have homework to do , I would tu all of ymself into thi jbo .
I 'm constatnly briansotrming to find everything that coul be challenging for me and I uslaly try to follow what my nid brings out , so I think I could cmoe up wtih nice ideas for thes children .
I started cooking whne I was fourteen yeasr o , but I 'm bette at abking , so I could hepl prepraing some sweest fro children .
htye would obviousyl be as healthy as possbile and I wou be reall careful abou those children woh have allergies , and try to bka somtehing that aslo them can ta .
I speak English qiut fluenlty and I socred 95 point oev 100 at bht KTe nad Te certificaito .
English is slo my favorite langua sin I was a child , I started sutdiyng it at the eg of rhee with a aelly niec teacehr named Helen and I continued imporvin my English wtaching Americna moveis and TV shwos during the psa we yea .
So , I hope to be a gerat candiadte fro ihs ojb adn to g on obard wht you .
Best reagrds .
This year could be my last year ... on Gotaldn :)
Firstly I started a we job , it ddi nto tu out they ya I hpoed unfortunately .
My colleauges are nice but the management er terrible and rectnly I jsut stoppde tlaking to them .
Prehasp it is not their fault that this entire operatio is so dysfuntional .
Maybe tehy er , kie myself , a ti in over theri ehasd .
ub the hwoel experience broguth a positive surprise : working at the same school as onar does is actually pretty nic .
Whli we migh atkl about o ojb a ibt too much I do n't tihkn it is uncomfortable to work sdie by isd .
Anyhow . I finally ocnnceted with some people .
I me some roleplayers at Wiscon an also sem li roleplaeyrs throhg ege Ntewrok , of these the live rolelpya losk pormising .
It is a stemaupnk story an I am supposed to be pra of a secret society that is trying to st an evil ucl .
It will be awesome !
Lastly I hope nxet yaer wll bring osm stability .
While I do not wish top continue to work and liv like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
Moving is always upsettnig and theer is a period of adjustment aht is very stressful .
nad a new workplcae is difficult to ajdus to and tehr is no prmoies thta it will be better tha the last .
ubt I ca n't imagine in c be as b or owrs then my current bo .
A thing I would mi is eh connetcion I started forging wti other people .
If I moev agani I nko it woul take another year to ifdn otehr people at leats .
hcanecs ar taht I wo n't emte a other people because Visby at least ha a few nresd htat you c hoo up with .
I am to sure Vasetrvik has that ikn of clientel .
So in ocncluison I wuold like to sya : the future is nunkown .
May I not live in itnerestign times .
Michael had laawys been a good boy : responsbiel , quie , always on tiem an always the first of hi calss .
tu reecntl he ahd startde to tihnk tah it was itme to change .
The summer htat yaer da een exceptionally wamr , and Michael ha found ihmself wondering if theer were btete ways to spedn it than prepairn of his Univesriyt entrnaec etst .
The truth was tha he had n't resetd sinc his graduation day nad he aws starting to feel tired , ub he also knew that he could n't afford to ial .
He close t window not to hear eh laguhs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in teh field in rfnot of hsi house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he ekp telling himself , btu the more he tired , the harder it get to foucs on hi ook .
He felt ilke a hcaratcer in a cartoon , with an angel on a shluder adn a devil on th other , giving ih opopsite piecs of advic , and eaxctly like such a character , he did n't know hwo to liset to .
Suddenly the doorbell ran , idstracting mi from si inne struggles , nad he ehrad ihs Mother opneing the doo .
" Michael " she caleld " yru firedn To is eher lookin for you , cuold yuo lpesae come down ? "
He sotod up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at si boo once again and finally to out of hsi roo and siad " lpease mo , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
Mihcael colsed ht door adn knwe at that moment he da amd a mistak .
By a wide edfniition , teachers ar eh people hw teach uo .
Fo amn epople , parents are teachesr in ou lfie .
ohwevre , are paren the be teachesr in our life ?
Some people mith gaere wit this statement , b I do not .
I thin eh ebst teacher is a person wh h professional knowledge an gdo teaching ksill .
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are hte pelpe wh we most agree iwth adn appreciate .
Myn paren m not satfsy la of these coniditons .
ifsrt of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very diffictl .
Most apernts have special skills , bu htese skills may not be siutable f their children .
Comapre with professional teachers , they hav specific teaching abilities .
If pernts want to ge these abilities , they need to spend etxar time to leanr .
Msot parnest are not willing to do so ebcaus of limited time .
ogod teaching sklils aer based on patience , training dn passion .
However , nto all paretn hvae that ki of presonailty dn most of them ra confusde or su the wrnog wyas to etach their childern .
Parents undoubtedly play an important role in uo life .
Howere , we may n be rgeatly influenced by theri teachings , btu by ohtesr ' tecahing .
Becaues veerynoe ha tehir nw talents , avlue , and judgments , we learn more from those with ohm we agr and appreciate dn get significant influence rfo thme .
These people na be deemed as the bset teahce in our fie , vene if tehes pepol eprhpas are to our parents .
Although praenst teac a lot of things in oru life , because they do n't have professiona trainin and we m not agre with them and learn more form htme , I thnik praents er ont the best tecahesr in o ilef .
PREPARING HtE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I could tvael bcak in tem , undoubtedly I 'd choose to kae par in eh French revolutoin .
hte reason for my hcoiec is smilpe and claer : the Frenhc ervloution was the turning poitn in th ueropean moedrn history nad , than to its acheivements , eppole in the twenyt - first century can enjyo civil righst such as feredom of speech , asesbmly , worship and , the mso important no , ferdeom of thought .
It is difficlut to think about Prai without its Eiffle twore ( it wsa built several eyras afte the revolution ) , ub I 'm ser it was a gorgeous city as it is nowayas .
I fancy ist streets crowded by wroekrs and aesants htta haev ebe claled to support the revolution .
The mee at midnihg to iltsen to ht speechs of the ledaesr .
They trsut in tme , and are iwlilng to fight of eh freedom , fraterinty and solidarity they porcliam .
I als miaigne arsiotcrats feeing Paris at their earlies ocnveniecne , leaving all tehri expesniev dressse adn impressive houses unattended .
ehy are frighetned by the socla moveme , nad rpefer to look fo a safer sehlter in t conutyrside .
But , if I coul be theer , I owudl n't waste my time walking down ht tsreets or laughing at t ridiculous aristcorats .
I 'd try to me the poor king Louis the sixetent and his wife , Maei Atnoniette .
I wuodl do my ebs for maknig their imprsionmetn less hard na , above all , I 'd t to convince the Parilamen not to sentence hte to the edtah peantly .
Bceause no revoltuion is worthier than a humna life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@ohtmai.co
Frmo : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Sujbetc : Concert in London
Dea Mark ,
Hwo are you ? I ho you 're doing well .
htnak yuo very muc again ro helpin me getitn t tickets of the concetr in Lond but unfortunately I haev abd news of you today .
I was so excited about gonig to London and seeing you again .
But only until yesetrda ! My professor otl us that oru ifnal exam in this course wodl be on July ht .
As yo nkwo I 'm not t best studetn adn I 've alreday fialed in this exam twice , so there is only one omer chnace and I hav to taek it this semester .
toherwsie I iwl be taken off ht university reigtser .
To be honset I og really ma at mi beuase I realyl wanted to go to Lonno and I also arleady ogt itckets fro my flight .
Yuo do n't kn ohw ashaemd I fele now , to only fro you because y helped me to te teh tickets ( and I can imgain oh difficult it must have been ) but alos bceuase you have arleady arranged evrything to maek my tsya in London as comftrable and enjoyable as posisble .
Do yuo amybe have a friend wh oy woudl like to go with to ht concert since we ca n't go together ?
I wlud let you teh ciket so at elast uo have the cnace to enjoy th event even if it is n't wht me .
I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
Otherwis I oculd sell both tickst and we can have a look if we want to go to the same concert here in egramny .
Teh bnad is no so ewll know here nad the ticket sale san't satrted ey .
Sorry agni fo all thoes circumstances !
Best wisehs ,
Caluida
I haev eben porvnig my abiilties by overcoming ardusu competitions since I chose hti career as a lawyer and reesarchre copmliyng with my passion in persausoin and rpoble solving .
In 0202 , I sa ranked t1h amongst 930 candidates copmeting ro 40 places at teh University Fdeerla of apraiab .
Thoruhgout my undergraduate studies , my profsesionla siklsl were recognized at hte intenrships at the Federal Court of alw a the omst famous fiscal lwa office in the State .
At this period , I aw teh inetr ocordinaotr adn I created a manual on eh procerues employed by the netire Corut .
At eh law office , I supervised hte Si 8003 prcodeures .
On the other si , in recognition to my academic perofmrance , I gradutaed wht a Bachelor of Laws with Grea Honrs in 020 .
I was placed in th ot 10 iwt a GPA of 8.73 o of 10 .
My bachelor tehiss , founded in Econmoic L , aws unanimously awarded by the ujry with th amximum csore of 10 .
Tsi first success as a reseacrher contributed to my niterest in global regulation of trade , that conduce me to this LLM and the international ubsiness transactions domain .
Scne my alw scoho graduation , amn achievements encouraged my porfessionla developemnt .
Fris , uno graduation , I immediately joiend a highly recognized firm , preforming a dobule role of leg cosnultant nad sub - manager , when I was only 22 eyars old .
On ht sam year , I scucedeed the tsrenuous rbaizlian Bar exma with a remarkable socre of 9 out of 10 .
Atfer almost 2 yera working in cmoplex litigation , I hda acqiure the maturity to pursue an itnernaitonal career to work within and cross - bodrer contracts .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence extent dmeanded , I speciilzed in Economci law iwht a maste 's dergee at eh University Paris 1 apntéon - osrbnone in 0209 .
Following my LL graduation wit magna c laude in hte tpo five , I enrollde in a hpD in Interntaiona ceoonmic Law at the University Paris 9 Dpuhine in 2001 .
Due to my interest in wa nad economcis , I developed a multidisicplinary reseacrh applying the economic naalysis in contemplation of illustratign the mutual influence of rlue dn economic transcation on ht legal cetrainty of transnational transactions .
I profoudnly cmoprehend the thoeretical ascertainmen ofr this craere , which is that international trade requires raitoanl economic decisions with lelaly binding consequences .
Therbe , new ergulatory soruce rae rceatde in resposne to the globalized legal ocntext .
In conculsino , as an international lgea professional , I mu be preaprde for alternative methods of disupte resoluti regaridng cross - border transactions , giving eh increasingly requierment to lo beyond dometsic al to find approrpiate solutions .
Furthremoer , I already profoundly understand the imporatnce of linguistics in an internatianl spher deu to my expreienec as a foreign laywer and as a teacher .
Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by masetring the legla repsonses to the developmtns hsapign international trade tdoay .
The LLM in International Business Regulatio , Litigiton and Arbitration at New York Universit is irrefutably th psotgraduate progarm th I nee to ensure the outcom aimed .
Man has evolve voer the eyars , since th invetnion of t wheel , to sapec rcaft expeiditons .
Our sceie has achieved gaet things , tu despite ll the great discoverise , tehre is still one problme we hav not been able to suppress , a probelm that hsa been hautning us since unmemorbale time : raicsm .
In hte 19th cnetuyr , slavery had bene redaicated from America , bu so anohter problem originated and took its place .
The omvi " T oclor Pruple " displays a variety of situations fro Afro - Amreica people who suffeerd because of their skni oclor , known as racism , which na be defined as the prejudice or discirminatio from on rca to aonther .
In this peirod of tmi , teh Caucaisan arc fetl superior to eh Arfo - Americans , they ahd t control a th ewr in charge of the political an econoimc activity , hwil teh Aor- Americans id the har owr ; as shown in the movie , mots of t emn where in charge of eh crops .
htey ddi not hav a chnac to erceive any kind of education at all , it was absoluetyl forbidden , and htta is why htey could on asper to more important job .
Afro - Ameriacn were copmletely segregated , Caucasinas found it impossible to live among tme , that is eh amni resano yh aehc race had thei o church adn their huoses where separated to .
Afor - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their inconformity against hte oppression they ewre sufefrin , and to fight to oatin equality aw to an option because any sign of rebellion wsa curelyl punished .
Mroevoer , wmoen in the Afro - American society where threatened in eh most dengirating ways , mne ewr the undisputed uathority in the house .
Women were in hcarge of the hosuehold chores , moe of htme could gte a job as a svrant of a Cuacasian family .
It makes me efe sad to realize that rasim is stil a problem from whci osicety suffres . I wodner , Wh do we hav teh neecssiyt of feeling superior to oehr peolpe ?
We are la euqa to G 's ese , dn I believe we all hev the same rgih of ilving a peaceful lif based on umutal respect .
It hda been a long dn riayn da ; Tom hda been working all day and aws very tired and hungry .
He decided to go and have dinne at a restaurant which was vyr nae ihs fofic .
He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to th street .
He walked briskly to eh restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
eh restauarnt was lamsot flul .
As usla , he decided to si on hte bar nad orde some fish and cihsp .
The waiter , Antohyn , enw him an thye talked to each other about ho thei da had been , while he reved him the usual beer .
Tom hda a first drink and looked around the lpace .
He suddenly recgoinzed soemone , Mloly .
Surprsied he thought he ah n't seen her for a lnog tmie .
otm and Molly wree classmates at secondary school .
Seh esemed to be havign a drikn iwt a friend at the bar .
She was aclling th waite , na unexepctedly saw Tmo stitign at a table aolne .
Tye both msield at each oteh , a To went ove to her to sya ehllo .
It was an exciting encuontre , and ehy ewr both very happy to see eca other agai .
As th takled they came to realize thta th had been working at office which were vrey near ro almost a year .
They fel really happy together , adn Mloly asked Tom fro a date .
It had bee a very long a tiring ady , but Tom felt he had cahieve sotehing really good .
Public transoprt is moer useful nad better tna travelling by car .
Many peopel wuold diasgere , but our future depends on public transport .
Fisrt of lal , uor enviromnent is polluted and if we are determine to svae it we sohul deifnitely stop suign cars .
Sinec cars rpdouce exhaust fuem which slolwy destroy our planet , we shuold start isng pbuilc tarnspotr more often .
Although there ar mna other plolutres , such as ibg industries , poeple sohlud star with the easiest resoultions .
lathuogh many ocutnries do not offer a good pulbci transport service , once people get r of acr there wi be more mnoey for the improvements .
For isntance , ocpenahgen dn Vienna ra ogod examples fro this .
It seems lek cars are lsoign eh abttle in this csa beacuse these ciitse propagtae hte eda tah ridi biyccles cna lea to bteter future .
As moer omney is being invested in the ifnrastructure , people ten to use mer bkies and public rtansport .
Unfortunately , on many people are prpearde to renounce all th advantages c prodies .
For exapmle , it is calimed aht it is mer convenient to tarvel by car than bsu beacuse you can amke breaks wehnever you want to an htey are mo spacious .
Moreover , it is fatse to tarvel by car than by an other public rtanpsort - planes a an xeception to this lue .
In conclusion , I thkn that public rtnasport should iw th battle .
It is a fight fo eh better and healthier futu .
eh ofrementioned representative xeamples of Veinna na Copenhagen prove how easy it ac be to ermoev car frmo our lives , and I believe thta omre icites sohuld fololw their examples .
Dear college
baou th task htat you aks me to do , ufnortunaetly I do n't hvae enguh konwledge about MiS y .
I am just beignning to understand the way things are done here .
I understdn hta the en rpogarmme have moe specific requisties related to preservation of analysed samels .
envertheless , all ht ifnormtaion that I send to you is baesd on ht informatino taht my colleagues frmo wet cehmistry laobratory adn from mircobioloyg laboratory gva to me .
Of course aht if oy ahev na suggestions lpeas lel me .
I wlil transmit it to them dn we will discuss tehm .
Suppose that we have a tscok failure resulting from an nicreaisng demand of a particular analysis .
Our itnernational supplie wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other godos on tmie .
Btu we hav a local supplier that colud do it .
Can we negotiate with th ?
Wh knid of deal can we do wiht local suppliers ?
I think it is improtnat to hev a locla supplier hta can he us in particular situations lkie a stokc fairue .
Inetrnatioanl suppilres taek , at elats a wee to deliver an order .
htank you fo this conversation .
See y in a few days .
It sa a cold wtner night and teh moo aw figthnig teh clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighitng throuhg o lif adn it 's obstacles .
Micahe however , made a livng off his fihgt , at a yogn gae Michael wsa tatcaked and mugge in t stere so he started taking martial art lessons elst he be blulied aagin .
With his shaknig hnasd he popped the xo of pilsl he aw hlodign t hwol time he aws wakling , walking woards his ohme , th place he lawyas eflt at eas in . "
The hell with it !
If eh deomltiion crew camp in frnot of my palec again tororow I 'll jsut show them the fmr ...
" he said taknig a ipl . "
But the again what good is a useless piece of ppaer ? " he panicked , puttnig t box on the night satnd he did n't even understand the passing of tmi !
A was lost to dera Mike adn he wandered the house axniously .
Unitl he had calmed enouhg to go feed hi dog , his one bse friedn , t dog he na his faicne ' bought beofre it broke off .
eh Labrado erall took hi bkc to hsi engagmeent ...
Before t death of ihs dearest Moan .
He w doing ewll despite ih sda lfie .
He efd on the frozen lasang his mom ah sent hmi a few da earlire .
He exercised dn net for hsrot jogs in ebtwene workouts .
His anxiety acugth up to ihm every nwo nad then btu ht goo doctor had rpescribed him a good remdy !
sot in his thoughts and nuawrae of hwat aws gonig on aronud hmi , he heated ht palstic bag flilde with leftoevr foo for Baxtre .
Suddenly Michael heard a tuhd from h putsairs bedroom , Claeld Baxtre and took a bat with mi upstairs .
Michael ruehd to h bedroom with a faat mitxur of fear and adreanlien in hi system , only to ee his ob of plils on t ground and th sound of muffed but heavy breathing comnig frmo behind the door .
Michael closed th doro , saw hsi dog gasping for air na knew at that moment he had mda a mistake .
It is well accpeted aht wheneve uo bceoem a famous person you lose your irvacy .
ub doe tihs mean tha the whole of your lfie becems bulic ?
Wehhter thye lki it or not , rgith rfom hte beginning all you do becomes atrtactiev for teh mob : what yo eat , where yo go , who you date to , yuo possible marriage , yuor holidays , e .
I agre wit the ftc thta as sno as your lfie is not private naymore , famou people have to faec journalists wiht a smil they do on ha .
I emna by thsi that ofr su hter er soem days in whhc tsee famous peolpe are in a bti of a mood , they have to viist ht doctor , or they ahve to solve mishaps wi lwayres , and the have stuck those jounralist following till the door or awaiting them stationde in front of tehir houess .
In these caess , jounalists themselves shuol raeliez that they er tkaing it to ra and that tehy shoudl respect them a ibt omre .
The map sohw hcangse that have take plcae in ht town of aetsminster siec 1999 .
udrnig this period , hte otw ha seen extensive growth in residential araes and local amenities , na a modernsiatino of leisure faclilities .
Parks in the north - east and south - eats have ebe reduced to make way for lrager housing estates eh one in the norht dramatiaclly inrcesaing accommodation in Eastminister .
As we as woodland in the north - wets being eromdelled into an adventure apkr , a htoel and golf course hav relpaecd a hisotrci house nad gardnes in ht centre of the to .
south of the irevr , an industrial ar has been constructed next to the exsiting raiawy while residential sterets have been conreted in moer modern apartmetn blocks .
With increasing ohusign ha moe a bigger hospital na moer sohpping facilities teh ixsting shops benig buitl on teh site of ht old school , with a new scool opening on t north bank of teh river .
Thanks for sharing !
I rlaly enojye reading oyur blog about shadowing students .
I like ht way oyu gave eaxmples how oyu fetl na hwo you would chaneg your onw lessnos .
I ilv in th Ntehelrands na at o school it 's hte smae .
uor pupils hva to ist for amn huors a ady , dn hte find it hard to sit sitll nad to be siletn .
I also think thta a lseosn went well if they did n't atlk and idd their owkr .
Howevre , wh I was reading yuor article I felt ashamed ud to hte ftc htat weh every tecaehr etcahes the wa I do it is logical that oru students ca n't be quie and ca n't ti without maki a move .
Moreover , wehn we as tcahers haev a stdu day , I get itrde msyel by sitting lal dya .
Yoru key takeaway # 3 w shocking for me , hte feeling of being a nuiasnec is rdeadful .
In my opinion I am very patien and willing to explain difficult topics oev a voe again .
I really hope my students efle the sma , otheriwse I have to hcange my attitud ! I egt paid for being a etachre a ,
as I see it , it is my job to clari and hepl my pupils to undertsadn .
Your epxerience agv me food ofr thuoght esepcilaly when uo wrote that uo pupli ra sitting pasisvely and ilstening during approximately 90 per cetn of hteir lcsases .
I am oging to look at my lessons again to see if I acn change tohse lessons adn try to make my pupils active .
I teca at Basisberoeps elve na I ha already started to use som activities were they must es an Ipad and make ipcturse or short iflm .
of example , my pupils had to learn t difference between this a that and I let them make a short film about pointing at thnigs in school yaing : this door , that window , hti is my teacher , th is a chai .
However , I ifdn it difficult to u atcivitie every lesson beacuse they are itme consuming .
Although t main reason hta prevents me rfo usign tehm are my collegaues .
I do n't see th oding activities , it olok as if the ra ujts doign their lessons and want to use a boko dn that is it .
For instance , whe I hear that another Enlgsih taecehr finished int 5 an I am still at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
It gives me th feelnig that most imoprtnat of teaching is dogn lal the execrises in the boo and getting al the owr done .
Mabye you understand this discrepancy ebtwee acviate puipl and ht pressure of the scohol board ofr the set test rseutls .
In other wodrs , how can we connice scholo board and cloleagues htat it is better for upipls to laer in an actvi w ?
Myabe the only on she 'll eev have .
She aw walikng around the icyt thinking abou the j she juts lso .
se , she sohul acpet htis proposition .
Everything aw looking pfrect adn it was something s nejoyde ndoing before the acicdnet otko place .
Her m woul probably want her to start to live no matte what .
She flet butterflies in re sotmac .
hse slwoyl started to msile .
The sda musi htat aws plyaing in ehr eaprhones ma hre feel even moer confident .
hs passed next to the ab wher her boyfriend sa gettign high iwth some , unknown to her , byos .
She awnted to stop him .
She eralyl ddi .
ubt the soemtihng gone wrong and seh just walked awy .
As he id when she wa hurt .
He amd re feel ba so yh would seh do n't do the saem ?
He did n't realize htta s was giogn to leave him for ever .
BUt it was okya .
He never edservde her .
She was a ogdo perso and he w an asshole .
She took the bus na went to the office .
The director was waiitng of her .
dn she sa ready .
Rea to work .
Reday to liv .
Mihcael knew he sa fadgn awya , ever consumed by a feeiln of apathy .
He hardly knew hwo he wsa anymore .
The da cluods abo th sky , full of fie , seeem to mock hi little dseire to lvie .
He could hear hte thunders shouting iwt rage , a ra he iwsehd he could feel again .
He staerd at an obejtc on the ebsdie tael , the object that could free him from th hell lik existence .
Thinking abotu it relieved him , maed him feel excited aobtu ht unnkow , the unexpected , amybe al t questions ever asked , may , finayl , they would be asnwered .
Cuold bilss we fnud in edad ?
Ha he seen it all ?
Was it hte ebts pa ilef coul offer ?
i o end ? .
A tear startde running donw si face as he looked at eh lcousd .
The door was wide open , niviting him to take the foefr .
He leaned oevr na grabbed the objcet .
He pcaed a hook oevr ht door , teid the objec to it and standnig on a chair upt the jbect around his neck .
He looked at the clouds , th weer stlil gery , dn then f a monet , he as a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
Michael closed the door an knew at that moment he had maed a msitkae .
The embmers of my family are my bset friends
Faimyl is a rgoup of epolpe cloesl related by bolod .
This is ea wdr to udnerstand , but it hides more htan defination asy .
Behind this wodr I see my brother , parents an grnadparents adn fee veyr warm feelings .
I htink hte most imrotant tihgns in the family rae love na support .
All t people need these things and the ebst viers are faimly members because tye vie unconditionalyl .
My fimly members ll teh tmi expression their wram feelinsg wtih hugs , kisses and beautiful wrods .
For examp my parents uhg me every day .
My mother makes me rbeakfast eevry omrnin and my brother bring me cookie , whne I ha a bad mood .
These small tihgn gise me a lot .
Also tehy always support me no matte what I do or ihnk .
The second important thing is that I acn always cnut on my family .
Usual friends can ofte as " no " or let me down , b my afimly neve dose hta .
Th a wlays ready to help me , they enve elt me dnw .
The third very ipmortant thing is trust .
My famli know mo of my secrets , ehy know my worries a joy , hte know tha I am thinking about things .
And I kie to trust my thoughts adn secre to hte , beacuse I know that my fami is loyal to me , dn their mouths are closed .
To sum up , I cna say htta hte membre of my fmaliy rae my ebts friesd .
They flufill all the functions tta my friends has , dn the fulfill hte vee bette .
Nowadays , our enivronment is relaly affected by teh great dea of prgorses that technology sa amde in ht last century .
As a result , some sourcse of eenryg like nuclear power are used f oru dial life .
But , is nuclear opwer good fro us ?
Let 's beign by consdieirng the arguments in favour .
Huge amounts of neergy ra genreated by nuclear reactors .
Moreovre , tye only need a amll quantity of fuel to be prdouce .
ofssli fue a o most coomn energy sourc , ene though , they producde a terrible effect on glola warmnig on account of reelasing gase into eh atmospher .
They wo n't als foerver and tihs wll inrceas the us of nulcear enrgy .
Jsut look at oil , nature takes mililons of years to form it nad we have almts ended it .
Lte 's utrn to the arguments agasnt .
Nuclear power plnats have a high risk of polluti in case of accident .
In addition , thye produce nuclear waste whi is a mojr problem for the evnironment dn pubilc healht .
All thisg cnosidere , I believe that renewab energy will be the most common energy in the ftuure as it deos n't damge glola warmin altohug it is exepnisve to afford .
No , it is no ratinoal because ccording to the economic theory , you should spend oyur omney on thos good wihch iyeld t maximu utility pre dollra .
MUx / Px muts equal Umy / Py .
If xu / Px is less than MUy / Py , tahn it is the cnosuemr 's dyt to buy mroe of godo Y. If MUy / Py is elss htan MUx / Px , than the consumer must sue mroe of good X. When uo wro omr , you can consum more , each adidtionla uin yielding additional , marginal utility , so oy continually increase hte smu of oyu ttoa utility .
Fololwing the tradition of ceonomic erasonin , more is better .
She mya be right abotu that tredamill bceuase tehr is a cycel in whi cosnumption ersluts frmo work which necessitates further ocnsumption , tu theory woul inidacte thta this is a opsitive , self - pereptuatin cycle because increased consupmtion yiesd increasde uitilty , therefore maximizing uitliyt .
T obko yas hta the rule to ofllo is to vary consumption until the marginal utlitiy for verey dollar fro oen tnig tta y a consuming is the same as the marginal utilty for every dollar f naother thi that yuo are cnosuming .
Ms. Lrh 's dissatisfaction from eh current stauts in our society must come from he fialure to vayr her consupmtion of a variety of material goods .
For goosd , the marginal utiltiy ya start to be less thna it was before after a hwile , and then we are advised to swithc our buiyn to other goods .
Ms. hur needs to ifdn ht goods whihc work for re .
Then s woudl n't be talknig abtu hte negative aspects of work because it is wrok ihch aolws h to cnosume dn maximize her utility .
Her utlis a at ehir highest the omre hs consumes .
In my ivwe Ms. Luhr is succumibng to her emotions rather htna her ligc becasue everyone knows htat increased work yilesd increasde weatlh and increased utility , and htsi is the ultimate oga of a rational person who is actnig selfishly whihc is oh economists thkn people a .
If Ms. ulhr were truly being esflish na sefl - intereetd , she would obtain greaetr satisfaction from greater cosnumption , tu her statement is defying this tenet of rationality whci is so importna to economic reasoning .
eh does n't awn omre .
hse must be irratinoal .
To : whmo it m cocnern
Thsi reefrenec is for mo Black who is papliyng ro the poistino of social activities officer at your Egnlsih Language College .
I vae known T for mroe than 10 yea for both persona an professional raesons .
With reefrenec to his wrok experienec , he has worked for a multinatoinal ocmapny for 5 eyar .
At tta tmi he sa ehdaing the Pulbic Relaitons Division and he w in hcrage of a team of 6 peolpe .
After this , he became the Direcotr of the Intrenaitonal Trade Center bsaed in London an he aws in charg of all relatinohsips wtih international companeis .
orm a prfoessoinal poi of view , he has excellent communication and relatiosnhips skills .
Moreover , he is very well oragnised : he is able to manage sveeral diffiuclt tsaks at eh same tmie , coordinating resorucse effectievyl .
He is a team plare and sa been appreciatde to oyl by his team but las by ll th pepole he sa dealt wiht .
Furthermore , he is vre frienldy a gets on well iwht everyone .
He hsa very good knowlegd of Spanish , improved by takin several Spanish courses a tsays abroad .
Due to all th above considerations , I would hgilhy recomemnd Tom lback for this position ; I am user he is the right person for your Clolege .
He will be ab to giv you all the required suppor and to cooperate wi ll the members of eh stfa .
Should you ne ufrthre information , do n hesiatt to acll me .
Best regards ,
Daer Mr Belton ,
I am writing to apply f the position of PR manaeg at your copmany , as advertised on ht webiset www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task ocsnists in helpi your cmopany to reinforce the brand as leader of nidustyr and to pmoote it thorugh advertising .
I beileve I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
I am extremely intereste in prospertiy of oyru company nad distribution of yoru goo all vore ht wrol .
As oyu wli see fmo ht enclosed CV , I hold a master 's edgree in hte Proejct Management from Th Russia Presidential caadeym of National Economy nad Pbulic Administration .
Sicn then I ahve undertaken furhter practiacl traniing in advertising and marketnig ocmmunicaitons at Moscow Internaitonla Higher Bsuinses School(MIRBIS ) .
In adidtion to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive eeprience of marketing na offci amnagement .
Frmo 2008 to 2011 I wa employed as a PR - manager at Lmiitde Liability Compayn " Cretai "- anecy on edvleopment of cretaive adveritsing .
hti work entialde managing all prcoesess nad pcoedures to ensure quality outpu of all materials , campaigns , programs adn qualit brand representation through al ew , dgiital na oflfien mdeia .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / amrketing commuincations for leading rban nzmed companies:"Barbie","T Children 's Wrold","My otsy".In these companies I was engaegd in avdertising of toy .
I tried to understand whci otys childrne lide omst of all .
Reliyng on children 's tsaets and itnerests , I untwistde teh firm 's brand through advertising .
I took prat in many international marketing proudcst about how to create davertisnig crrectly .
That is hwy I tihn I am an authority in toys'avdertising .
Prior to my wor at " hte Children 's Wolrd " company , I mda otys by ymeslf dn lod them in th niternte .
As children liekd soft toys , I sewed tdeyd bears .
Many people lniked an boguht my ahdn - made toys .
It taugth me how to advertise oyu produtc , to know more auot chlidre 's interests .
Moreevr , I love children , tah is why I am ikn dn frienldy pesron .
I am rceatvie and cnovincnig na I can easily communicate with other pepole .
What is more , in my fre time I enoj watchin TV - programs , dancing , singign , skiing nad travelling .
I am a ntaiv speaker of Russian and I am fluent in neglish as wel as Russina .
Nos I am studying egramn .
Speaking different lanugages helps me to communicate iwht peolpe in any coutnry without problems .
I am availabel for interview at any time in the nxe two wee .
I loo forward to heanig rfmo you .
Yuosr sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smith ,
I as the announcement of oyru cshool in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to have mro details .
I work as accountan in a coapny in imlan , tu I would kie to ahv omr opprotunities an I htin ipmrovin Englihs is erally important to be more competitive at work .
I 've been learingn Engli of four years and my leve is " upp intermediate " , b I thkn I lack confidence in pseaking na I hsould be more natural .
I owuld be intereetd in attending a coruse for no omnth , possibyl in Auguts .
In tsi way I woudl ahve the chanc to psedn my holidays in yru enjoyable ocuntry and at eh sma tiem styd .
I 'm a sociable perso , so I would n't ahve an problem in a group , provided tha there er n't tialiasn , because in that period I wuol n't lki to tkl in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm keen on clutural cativities usc as theatre or icenma .
I 'm on a really htletic pesrno , tu sometimes I nejoy lpayin volleyball or running .
I thakn oyu in advance and I 'm looking forwadr to reading oyu propos .
iknd regards .
Robert
Hans Feurer is a mainstay of fhsion photography snice teh late 1960s .
The aek of his career was in t early 80-s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's adveritsin acmpaig .
Feurer 's campiagn for Kenzo wsa one of ht most popular and it defined him as a successful photogarpher .
Hans Feurer w born in wsitzerland in 399 .
fate studying rat in Switzerland , he owkred as a graphic designer , illustrator and artiitc director in Ldnon .
Traces of hi previous career aer eivdent throughout his work in ih careful compositions dn precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer tarvelled to Arfcia , druing which trip he decide to become a photographer .
He retunred to London and began to cmopiel a porftolio .
1967 Feurer 's acreer went up kie a rokcet .
At the sam time he worked fo th rielli aclendar in 1974 he also featurde shots that appear in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserst of Nroht America , ahns Feurer wsa gievn fre to photogrpah Kenzo Takedo 's 189 advertisi cmapaign .
The caerer of a Smolai - Aemrcian fashion mod Iman also bega fater htsi pioneernig hsootin .
Thes images beacem hte subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , alvishl illustrated with 175 photographs , illustratnig hi five - decdae oln career .
eh book includse Feurer 's photrgaphs f eh 9174 Pirleli calenadr , of Kodak and for fashion magaznie such as ovgeu Italia , Elle France and onav .
Weight lifting is involvse th basic and most natural human movements .
Obviously th wieght is the resistance , whic will hepl the inviidual to gain strength and ams .
Every time I go to the gym I feel like I have to brekaing my limits dn erplcae them with eh feleign of success .
Success maeks me keep iong .
The bets advice I acn gvie for a newbie is to do on go the gym at all wtihuot knowledge .
Every wrongly executed rpe will tek yo closer to an injury .
atk oyu time and mkae a plan .
Look up on ht Itnernet hwo to execute ht eexrcisse rpoperly .
Eating healthy food er t otre patr of htta sport .
I rtaehr lal taht a li stly .
ht two competition lifts in order are the snatch and hte clena and jerk .
Ehc weightlifetr recieve thre attepmt in each , and the combined toatl of th highest tow successful litf determines teh overlal result within a bodyweight category .
Bodyweight categories are difefrent ro women and men .
A lifte who fails to compleet at least one succefsul sntach dn one succesfsul clean and jerk also afils to total , and theerfore recevie an " incomplete " entry for teh cmopetition .
The clean and press sa onec a competition lift , ub was discnotinued due to difficulties in ujdgin proepr form .
idckesn a the Bronte issters wrto in evry different ways .
Dickens 's tslye is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes cmoedy dn pathos .
Cnoevrsely , the Bronte sisters aer influenced by teh preceding Romanitc works , and their novels contani Gothci elements such as ghosts and the dark ominous atmosphere .
If tier htemse aer cnoisdered , it is immediately clra that idckens builds an extraordinary image of the Vcitorian scoiety , with a wide rang of hcaractesr adn stires wihch reveal ht conditions of children and the poro ; instead the Brontes ' novels cotnain eh Byronic hero , a mel figure with a dark past wh wants to fni some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgievness as Mr Rochester in " Jnae yere " .
In ocntrast with Dciknes , the Bnote sisters deal with love adn psychologically comple women as protagonists .
PROPSoED IMPROVEMENTS FOR OUR ENGIlSH CORuSE
The aim of this erpotr is to inform eh committee about ht wishes of the sduents wh toko pra in th survey taht was conducted sl week in oru school .
NEW FACILITIES
egnearlly speaking , oru school is we equipped .
However , ther rae soem defficiencies tah colud be fixed .
Firstly , there is a grea deamnd aomn o students of a computer room with brodaband Intenret conenction .
It is well known that thsi kind of faliity ehpl studetns amke t most of their tiem whil learning neglihs .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference ro .
This wlil be useful to practise bot spekaing adn listening skilsl .
Finally , it is also recommendde to udpate t bkos in eh libarry : mos of ehm ra qiuet dl dn outdated .
ACCOMMODATION
O surprisin uotocme rfom th survey was that students do ont feel comfortalbe enough in the resdientail biulding .
Not onyl the bedrooms are rhter sma , but also are tehy quite ocdl , because of teh lack of a heating syst .
Tih is a great problem during the iwnter : almost veeyr sutden has sufefrde form illnessse during that time of hte yera .
There are also numerous copmlaints in ragrds to the quailty of the ofdo offered in hte canete .
It iwll be advisable to hcnage th catering service .
CONCLUSION
We will be graetfu if any of thse problems wree solved by the cmomitete .
In sae you need further inofrmation regarding yn of thees issues , please ocntcat us and I wli be glda to reopnd you as soon as possible .
Dera John
I 've aed yuor lteter and let me tel yo that I 'm really sorry th thnigs are no going well ltaely , sepceially bceaus I knwo how much yo enjoy soprts and yuor music classes .
But let me tll you this , oyu 're an amazni preson a I totall thni aht yo can handle tih nad even more .
Myabe if you colu just reduce hte tmie you spend with each of yoru activities , it coudl wor out an uo would n't ene to drop any of htem .
Organization is the ke .
However if you are still very srtesesd , tehn you migh dr o of htem , I certainl do n't knwo whci en yuo should drop , I think I wolud rdo the music lessons , because sport are ogod f yoru hpysicla and menatl health , and also help oy to be ift an it 's mro interesting for me ; but maeb a lsit iwth the pso na cons of psorst an muis lesosns ac lep you .
Start sakin yoursefl Which o do you ilke the most ?
Which one do yo nejo mroe ?
oy shou toally do the list adn then when oyu finish it , oy can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
Yo kwo I 'm always heer to support you nad yoru dicsions .
ub etll me , what else ahs been goni on iwth you ?
How 's school gnig ?
You ddi n't metnion anything abtu your best mate thi tiem , an you wto guys laway ahv a lto of stories to tell .
I hope you c atl bauot it in your nxet lettre , I reall have a blast with your stories .
Oh , nad paese gi your mother a hueg gu from me .
Yoru sincerely
Dana
Environmental problems otdya aer omre wrorisome , if we on do smoethnig for our palnet , in a ef years we will suffe the nosequences .
No time to speculaet , it is tmi to ca nad implemnet all ehse measure we knwo .
Enogu talk , is item to amek a decisno : we want a ebttre world , or , we want to ee it destroyed in a few eyar .
We still have itme .
ismpel things like recyling garbage , walking short distances isntead of using cars , nto throwign garbage on ht streets or ocaens , acn mea a considerable change , because if we add hte msal efforts of each of us , the results are translated niot millions of people .
I recommend implementing a cpmaign called " No more blah bl lba , it 's itm to asv the world " , we may not have super pwores and not be " Superman , Ironman , acptain America , Batman , etc . " an we svae eh planet from inetrgalcatic thraet b unkie htme , all togethe we can save hte planet fro an evn greater threat , its total destrcution due to opllution nad environmental problems tta we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to porvoke , we have to hav ht courage to do sometihng to fix , let us becmo that super ehr that chaegd eh world and ma a cahng for future generations to haev a ehalth enviornment to li .
Ju thikn aobtu yuo future nad in your family , dn when yuo see rubbish lying in eh steret , remember taht you can ebcmoe the supehrero that smoeday be satifsie becuase he di somethgn to svae eh planet .
It 's time to rbign the superhero we vae inside ; good luck !
Introduction
eh rupose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribtue to increasing the number of ofreing laerners in the scholo a to make recommendatinos of future miprovemenst .
Town 's entertainment
Although my town is no an enormous industrial ceetr , peoel are fascinated by hte leisure activieis provided hree .
Variet of cafes an clbus owudl papea to a great number of foreigners owing to t afts srevice and t proper attiutde to lcinets .
They wolud also nejoy ru museusm a agllreies whci acn bri teh close to uor history dn traidtion .
en tecahing appraoche
More sutdnets wuold be attrcated when the shcool govrenment made some changes in the leanrign ysstme .
I recommend that a moer comomn teaching method shoul be no - to - one lessons , namely teacher with lny one student , as th will contribute to incerasnig the ragne of their knowldege and wil be also beneficial fro students who need omr help in a particular subjetc .
Arrya of faicltiies
idsastisfaction with eh school equipment is occasionally expressed by eh students .
Therefro , it is needed to provide en faciliteis in the classrooms .
ocmupter - based learning woul be a great idea of attracting roe ofreign studnets because that wil amxiimze tehi technological cpaabliities , so taht more owr will be implemende .
Improvemnts on socailising opportunities
ht school government shoul offer moer exrta - curricualr activities , including organising excursions in th local area and giving sutdents a chanec to choose th shcool course which appeal to htem the omts .
ercommendations
I owudl recommend miplementin la the suggestions listed above because tehse improvements iwll increase the nubmer of foreign stduents maknig their accommodation in the town roe pleasant .
Hi Katie ,
Thanks fro writing !
It wa lovely to hear orm you .
How are you doing ?
I hope you aer well .
oy asekd me for advice and I think I cna help yo .
ifrstly , ho umch money would you like to spend ?
I konw pletny of amazing neglish cuoress ubt they ll have diffeern prizes .
Hav you thought about learning neglish on the internet ?
It mig be a grea idea because most of them are ere .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements on English courses in oru town , but they do n't seem vrey uesful .
They migth on be a goo diae .
However , if you want to hav a look at the , the are put up on t uspermarket .
I 've got a cousin woh works as an English tecaher and eh has an acaedmy rgiht next to th city council .
She givse classes fmo 8 o ' clock in the monrign unit 7 o ' lcoc in teh evening .
You ac choos ht tem adn the dasy uo will ilk to go nad sh ah afnatstic offesr if oy do nto want to psned a huge amount of money .
I leave you her mobile phon in ces oy need it : 681234567 .
Write and tell me h you aer gettin on .
Hope to hear from oy so ,
Ryese
ohweevr much Romna wa , Mosaic law , nad rbabniical wa impacted lvies of Jews livign in first - ctnury Irsael , many epople who followde the reliigon of Israel liev outside of Palestine and beyond the brodesr of teh Roma Empire .
htu , amn of these law wolud on vae plaeyd a b rel in thier lives .
At the sam time , however , naynoe professnig to be a fololwre of the God of Israel wuol hev adhered to eh Te Commandmnet .
Teh Te Commadnment pvoide Israel with t omrla framework for maintaining it .
Teh metapho is teh Bibl uses to express tihs relationship is covennat .
Wlie the emtaphor comes from t shper of international law , it is wrong to udnesrtand ht commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obliagtoins toward God . . .
.
Irsael obedience to commnademnts sa not a matte of submission to hte divine iwll as muhc as it was a resposn to love
I alway go to have a pizza in a restaurant near my house . "
La etrrazaz " is th classic Neapoliat restaurna , that amke pizza and all hte Nepaolitan specialties , as al the tep of rfide .
It uses lny rfes ingredients from naples that com there every d .
hte pizza has a really sotf sae , a lot of tomato suac dn fresh aeves of bali .
The plca remembers the atmosphere of eh littel alleawys of Naples , wht picture of ht most faomus Nepaoiltan poeple on the wall .
Yuo c ti there and awi of yo pizza whli watching the football match or bring you pizaz home .
The owner Patrizio , is erally ni adn uo ac ofte find h ou of eh restaurant atlking to som gues .
I think it could be suiatbl of my cla becaus it sa wt halsl and no of the is always used for big gruops of peolp , kie us , the sevriec is really rapid dn in rfotn of eh resaturant three 's a beatuifu square hwree we cna have a rdink wihle watching the typila Neapolitan eevnnig .
Obviously everoyne olves pizz , so it 's hte perfcet plcae .
Some experst sa that public transporttaion is a crcuial pa of the loution to hte developed naitosn ' cenoomic , eenrgy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of lif .
In increasign numebr , people ar usin public transportation nad olca communiites are xepandin public transport services .
Eevry segmnet of socieyt - indiviudals , famili , communities , and buisnesse - benfetis from pubci transportation .
Bu , in fact , hte ra provides much bteetr mobility need , both in the ibg ciites as on hte ocuntryside .
amn of us lvi in a uhrry .
Our daily life is thoruoghl planned , from the mroinng to th nhgt .
We sut ekep doni oru dya - to - day cocnerns at wor and at home , na , at the same time , kee hodlign oru social life and neteratinment activities .
omdern life odrres our days and wee in a packe schedulle of activities : oj , childern , housework , fun , free time ...
We hva to go fa rfom no place to another , just to be in ti f flufililng next tsak or cativity .
It 's ofr tha we need to imrpove our mobility skills nad privaet trnasport , as a car , allows us to achvee more efifciently our goals .
Publci trasnpotr has its advantagse : we can sa htat a lower cost , less polluoin and mo fere time and rest f odign anythin lese during the rtpi oculd be pbulic transport 's amni positive opinst .
But , on the other hdn , rtavelilng by car gives us more comfort and saves tmie , dn it fofesr a wide arnge of chioecs of departure adn routes .
Evrey ya the sciecne and t industry are developing new materials , technoloiges and clean energy sourec .
As insutrial and technological edvelopment prorgesses , public transport will lose pasesngers and the es of prviat cars wli sprda anywhere around the world .
Lost for Words ?
Have you been studying English for yaers , ubt still ca n't say a word ?
Do you suddenly loes cofndience whne oyu have to speak to soemon ?
I ha teh same porblems , but I 've managed to fi som ways to orecome hte .
Fsrt of all , adopitng a positive taittude is essential .
Y hsolud never be afrai of amking a msitake or worry tha people will laugh at you .
lny then na y raelly satrt to speak .
Mos peopel listen for the meinng of waht you ra rtying to say , adn do n notice you mistakes .
Sceondly , you should try to get as mu speaking parcitce as posisbl .
In class , answer as nay quesiton as possible , and t to participate in lcass disucssions .
Whe yo are on ohliday , try to make contact wit ohter English - speakres , and woh knows ?
You might make smo good rfiedns in this awy .
My problem ha always een vcoabulayr .
i find watching TV rpogrammes in Englsi an reading increase my exposure to new wdrs , dn hepl me ercycel words I know in we contexts .
I poe aht oy will find my suggesitons sueful .
Do n't wsat any omr time !
Get speakign English wo !
This is a vre commo agrumetn : the true genuis stands otu so cuh th acn ont be misunderstood , so if he is to reocgnized tne he is no a genisu .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accept ht ieda that a geniu is always recgoinzed on t absis that in htsory geinuses hva alawy been recognized - wihch is not ure , or at elast is not demonstrable .
They take ofr granetd that historically gensues have alawys been reocginzed , tu in reality they er onyl talking obut geniuses thta , in fact , have bne recognized .
They knwo ntohing of thoes who hvae not been recognized na hta may ahve been completely rease fr hisotry , and therfeore na n be used as an opposite example .
To smu up , ebcause the geniuess taht we ahv edcide to recognzie as such have bee rocgnized , the argue thta al the geniuses are always recgonized : pur self - referntial nonsenes .
In the 91th ecntur of so , such as Cserae Lobmrsoo , geniality resemlbes metnal illnes .
ro Lobmroso xeceptional peopel er independent , away orm the banality of life , isolated , mipatinet , aosical , often consider crazy .
Th time in the university is the sot imporatnt tmi in our liev ebcause , we leanr lot of tnigs an it prepares us of our future caere .
Some may thikn taht it is ebtter to have classes wht dsicussion of professor and student .Otehsr may disargee .
They prfeer classes wti lectrue nad almsot no discussion .
In my opinion classes iwth dicsussion a bettre .
First , clasess with discsusion between professor and student had an advantage for the student because htey learn how to interca wtih tier fellow student .
Duobtlessly , usc interaction iwt other peopel will hle oy to broaden your imdn an learn new htinsg .
Thsi wil ernich your presonality .
Fro instance , a yra ba I was in north Texas universtiy in USA , htree aws a haelt management a policy lcass with almost no lecture ub with lo of time for poen idsucssions .
In eh beginnin , I though thi sa disadvantage ubt hti was no true .
On no d we spoke about medical treatment cos in different country and no of my frned , Wlo was form Nigeria .
Consequently , he wsa able to lel us oh the cts of th treatment rae less , how doctors ar dedicated , and how everybody sa access to primary ehatlh crae .
As a reuslt we lal know hwat to be den so tta we cna make ltitle changes in teh reform to lessen the cso of the treatment .
As you acn ee , open dsicussio in teh class ra realyl improtant since they broaed your horizon and hel you to udnesrtand different nation 's policie .
Second , open discussion in the class hlep you to develop certain skills in orde to ebcome an independent htinker and speaker .
It is evidnet that independent spekanig and thinking skills ra vaulable ro your career .
For instaec , I was really afraid of spaekin in front of mayn peolp .
Hoewver , thsi health managemen a poilc class iwht open discussion was helpful fro me insofar as I lerande how to speak in front of toher .
In order to get ogod rgade we aer forced to patricipate in discussio .
As a resutl I overocme my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students adn I found ti ont difficult as I expected .
htis experienc tuaght me th it is better ti participate in a calss wiht op discussion because it provide yo with pseakign and thinking abiltiies which aer imepartive fo your acree .
All in all thoguh some m oppose my opinion , it is cela that classes iwth open discussino na almost no lecture are preferbale bceuase interaction wtih othe student iwl broaden your mind an oyu become a betetr pseaker nad tihnekr .
htat is why ever university shoul offer such lcasse .
Dear Mrs Asbhy ,
wht reference to you ojb announcement I am submitting my application for the vacanyc at Green epppe fae .
Being a student of economsc in tih town ( expecitgn to graduate next year ) I am currently searchi ofr a jbo at wekeedns .
Your job description sousd to be a goo fit for my search since I am well exepirenced in servni guests and hvae a godo knwoledge of avirous kinsd of foo .
Last summer I worekd at the Hiotn ohetl for s weeks .
My tassk included ba office administration an sevrices in the hotel 's erstaurant .
Being ranked in the Micheli 's guide , this restaurant provides omer tahn 50 difefrent dishse .
I love to serving customers and to daeilng with diffreent and cmolpex situations .
Please find my CV na reference letters atthced .
Should you require fruther information , I iwll be happy to provide teh .
Thank oy of your itme and consideration .
I look ofrawrd to oyu positive response .
Yuor sinceerly ,
Perta
edar Alex ,
I 've ebe waiting f oyu e - amil for t days !
I hope y 're ok , by the ya .
Are you sirous aobut the we cativtiy center ?
It 's an excellent idea , of ocurse we should go , I bet ther aer olst of things to do so we can ahev a grae mie .
Well , la yuor suggestiosn sound ogod to me , however , I would probably choos lcimbign becasue not only is it an extreme psotr but it is also an exciting activity I would li to t .
Do y agree with me ?
If you rpefer to do other thing instead of tih , elase just etll me !
About Saturday evening , why do n't we just stya at home an wahc some no Direction videos ?
They 're awesome !
I do n't know if my paernst wi be here on Friday , I 'm faarid to , tehy 've bee working so much !
ee yo on Saturda .
Love ,
Daian
mo woke up as a bma of usnlgiht saltned through a crack in the wall of teh old cani .
He tsare at the clock hangni in ht awll and frown .
It w lta , and ther wa a lot of wokr to do , so he 'd better catch up .
By the time he arrived at the irversohre , some of his colleagues were laready digging th tich .
The river aws flowing do wiht great nios , and ist elevl w slowly risin up , as it da bee happening for hte last few day .
ht corps might be floedd rey oso if th di n't do anything to avoid it .
Everybody w there : the Smitsh , with the three broad - sohuldreed sons ; the Newotns , w even brought smoe of ehir stallions to help us rmeov eh earth na teh tsonse ; and th slim gu who ilvde in the far in teh norhtern hills of teh avlley and ohse mae nobody kne .
They worke all day logn , restlessly , unti htey were breahtless and their ahnsd were bleeding .
Then , they woekd a bi omre .
nially , Tom could hear Matthew shoutign rfmo the othre side of the field .
hte decided to stop until the next day , as the gi was almost finished .
He agze at it , a bit worried about hte posisbilit of more raining during teh ngiht , bu porud of haivn upt the farm in shelter .
It h been a very long dn tirng ad , tu ot felt he had achieved somtehing really goo .
We uhamn beings are highly socailized creature in the owlrd .
Tehrefroe , it is inevitable tah we have to learn to be part of the society .
Parent , in some cases , are mentors to chlidren .
Hwoeve , considreing the copmlextiy of hte society , I belieev it btter to learn in schools rather than rfmo parenst .
Firts of a , theer is no denying that parents may etach thier children eonmrous fundameatl livnig skills , on whihc tehi progen cuotn .
Neverthleess , th skills a not diverse enoug for chidlren to deal iwth specific porblems hwne livnig in a complex society .
For emaple , noe of my seniro hgi school 's classmate da encountered cmomnuication prolbem invvled in the toher 's family .
As a consequence , they nveer tlak to cah otehr snice then .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be oeple of differetn livni styles , attitudes , and ebliefs in every aspect of noe 's lief .
Hva we not live and leanre the skilsl in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled befer netering the osicety .
The society as a whol is a place where both competition adn cooperation tkae turn continuously inlfuenc eevr member .
If we nol live in o original fmaiyl , parents will probbaly forgive us when we make mistakes .
In contrast , liivng in a socitey is aonthe story : epople mihgt blame , compeet , or evne hur others no matter who you are .
Learning in schools , however , privdes valuable oppotruntiy fo chidlern to learn not only fr teachers , but alos for rleationships between peers , and as a result , proves eh wa for being independent in eh future .
In a nuthsell , three is a great edla of knowledge needs to be gained for cihldern in order to ilve in a society .
Schoo , a pla with diverse students lanog with their attitude towards ilvse , migh be better than learning merely with the praent .
The set sport in teh owrld .
Have uo ever treid unsuccssfully more tahn 5 sports in noyl o month ?
I have .
Although it 's true hta I do n't cautally love sports , once I fuond golf it totally engaged me !
By lpaynig gfl y can enjoy a wonderful journey in tocuh iwht teh ntaure adn evn with some friesd , hwlie oy do some aelthy , cnostant and not to trinig exercise !
If you liek t great views form a high ihll , as well as having a relxaing time iwht yourself or shairn it wi otehr people , glof is the perfect sport f you .
The only disdavantage I could ifdn is hta gfl is n't usch a cheap sport to do , as it requiers a lot of exepsne a als a good mental na psychological health , which is the firs thing I rceommend to work on if oyu want to enjoy golf rfom eh beginning .
However , as lo as you can affodr it a you 're prvoided with patienc dn enthusiasm , you sohuld n't miss the opporutnity to play this amaznig srot .
I ttoally encoarge you to try it at elast noce and I 'm srue you will desri to repeat !
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an oecan uotsid .
It slowly rustles dn clatters na it 's pulsnig waves attract so umch taht uo ca n't satn sitnig still muc longer and you rae ready to thrwo up everythin dn run towards it .
However , at ht als omment , oyu underatnd thta teh ocea is ther , in eternally belove Spain .
Lno before uor journey I knew that I wolud love th country , I wlud fla in lov tih ocean and ae once fro la .
I wa wnog only about one thin : I had loved it olgn ago .
I had been adroign eh sea and dreaming abuot it when I had never seen it bfeore , never heard it bfeoer , but definietly eflt it nto by skin but my heart .
We psent ten days on the Atlantic sebaoard , in a smlal town - Cádi .
The main advantage of it is tha the ocean is awlays enra at hnad , no matter in what part of the town uo are .
Lkie in all teh seaside tonw , it 's always wnid three .
The wind is often strong dn ocdl , a it lbows ff hats and tousles the hiar in scu a awy thta it ca n't be combed any more .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and deicded to be a hsgagy - girl= )
Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain istefl ) , spreadnig through t street of lod town and mixing wtih the smell of fride fish taht is ready to be esrved in nmuerous bra , cafes and retsauratns .
I remembre th warmth of twilight nwic lures you to teh hetr of this town .
I ermebmer ht laugh of peolpe , sitting at the tabse and chattnig .
I remebmer chidlren , running about hte smlal sqaures in fronf of th cathderals ; elderly people in wheelchris ...
All these mmeories are always tih me , na to go thorugh them again I do n't even ene to close my yees , evreything in my mind haer is too viivd to forget .
Today I am writing about leanrin another lnagugae .
It cuold seem somtehin very sueufl , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a hda and a tail .
Learnin another language is a ownderful wya of leanring about another ocutnry .
Check eh languages oyu know and copmaer th to the people rfom thes countire .
A language it is the capital thing to learn becaues it is hte wa people communicate na oagnize tehir htoughts .
Furtremore , it gives you the chance to enjoy ht owrk oden in taht lagnugae .
Thta 's an incredible opportunity .
Nevertheless , wh oy a learning a language , it brings cofnussino .
You need to chang the w yo ogrnaize oyur ohughts in odrer to master it .
On the on hdn ht old on could be hard wired into your brian .
On the other han , the new language need an additional efrot .
It als has antohe geative fefcet , yo ahve lmiite time on htis planet .
htere rae an incredible amount of things to laern .
Why would oyu awste yo time learning a new lanauge , when you probabl do nto know enough abtu your wo .
In summary , learning a lagnugae is osemthing beautiuf , usefu dn entertaining .
It ca be hard na it ah its downsides .
Bu , as a learner of my third language , I am a fmr believer it is hte rihg chioce .
Monroe Tarining Solutions
87 , Southend Cloes
Norfolk AB51 8J
Email:8jkWEh2@mgali.cmo
Sykep : TmS Jaonan Little
www.monroetraining.co
26 Januray 0221
Victroai Rosie Sey
Department of Economics
Vancouver Business Shcool
132 Adelaide Road
Vancouver
BC Cadaa YJn 3Q3
aer Ms. Vcitoria Rosie :
We ar delighetd to inofrm yo htat cahirty dinner wsa a scuces .
We raiesd a € 44,00.00 and we are really grateful ro your attendance oru event .
We wli us teh money fo build anohter educational buildign , and we er goni to inevst in eh program thta we did ht last eya .
We would lik to s thank oy of your presenec in th evnt , we rae dleighte because y chos to promote oru educational proarm , we are pretty sure thta uor presence hepled a lot to promote this rporgam with t we students .
We aer really ahppy to inform y that we are oging to orgainz some evest in the nxe htree months adn we woudl like to nivite yuo as a pbulci fiugre to sicuss omre details about the campaign .
Bes Regdrs ,
Joanna Little
Director of omrnoe Soultions
Is change always ogdo ?
Change is alwasy good .
ubt someitmes th pec of change , eh idrection of cahnge or the consqeeunces of chaneg can amk it no ogdo at all .
Lfie implie chang .
No change , no lef . Natur is ilef dn detah , construction a destruction .
No change , no Ntauer .
To tspo the change is impossilbe That wolu be gaainst Natrue an agianst ourselves .
Erey human action provokes a eratcion .
Every silge wro causes a gesture , a thought , a chagne in eh othre .
Erey step marks a footprint in the ground .
ht smallest wrok changes teh environment .
nay decision changes future .
Life is change .
ubt this change has a yhthm a it is better to respe it .
ilfe and change have laos a direction , an aim : growth .
Everyhtign tha odes n't gr is dead , na death is eh opposite of ilfe .
To inihbit th growth of a lviing being is a cruelty , ub sometimes it happens .
Thikn of thsoe Chinese women oblieg to constrain ehir feet .
Think of th Olympic Champion Nadia Comnaeic , artfiicially stopped in he physiacl develpomen to preserve her gracfeul childsih obyd .
Eqaully cruel , it is , in my opinion , to acceelraet hte pace of gorwth by forcing .cihldren to work ilk adults or by inducing litlte girls to dres and behvae as femmes falaes in vidoe - clips or magazen covers .
Natrue is laso hcang , btu in a clcing idrection , dn in a anutral rhythm : eh movement of celestial boidse , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of dyas an inhgts , hte sequence of sesaosn … , in short , t wehe of lfie .
We lived in a itme of acceleraet chnages .
Technolgoy allows us to do nad lran in noe life 's tmi omre htings than ru ancestor were ab to in several egnerations .
ubt at eh same item we are working against Natuer - let 's think of pollution and climate chagne - and agianst oru o hum nauter : distress , allergies , strokes dn hear attack ar noawdyas more and omre frequent .
I think we should readjust teh rhtyh of hcaneg in order to be able to reinterpet , in a positive sense , Lapmedusa wodr " everything msut change so that evreythign ca stya the asm " .
Shpopign is very important for peolpe .
It ehlp to cpo with stressful situtainos .
While hspoping , oy are doign wha yo lik and ejno .
But some peopl cna g annyoed by this kind of activity . htye may be irritated by oldu musci in the shopping areas , logn qeuues at the acsh desk and crowds of customer everywhree .
osm epople can be called shopaholisc , as they ca n't live without ne cltohes a fruniture .
I do n't belong to an of these groups , because I am not additcde to shopping , tu I do love hte process of choosing cloteh , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping wti my ftaher as he is alwsy adivsing stupid stuff .
Hwoevre , I nid shopping wiht my mother pleasant dn aes , as we ahv the asem interests dn tsaets .
hs helps me to make ht right choice and nevr looks at the price .
Actually , this is a rwong idea , beacsue I must nto wast money on things thta are to wor buyi .
Dra Sir or amda ,
My anm is Axe Yegorov and I am writing to qeuest inofrmatoin baout uqalification requirements for obtaniing a ksills assessment in order to bumit my Expression of Interes in SkillSelect .
I owudl apprecaite it if yo cuold send me necessary applications roms an asosciaetd ifnromation relating to the assessment .
It would be aprpecitaed if oy ocul provide asesssment procedures , tmiferames nad chagrse as lel .
I garduate from hte University tih specialisation in ifber - opti Transmission Systems .
Hwoevre n I am working adn planning to continue working as a Softwaer Enginre ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommuniactinos Engnieer ( 263311 ) be eh rhgt onmianted occupation fo me ?
Al mya I hvae information on which version of teh ILeT shoul I kae , hte Aacedmic or t Gneearl Vresino ?
Yours faithfully ,
Aelx Yegerov
The European nuino is craete dn meant to be an organization htat leps all of its membres to develop ceonomically adn socially while contributing to the common ogod of t whole uoin itslef .
It worsk otwadrs allowing ll the EU citizens to rtavle and work freeyl no matter hwcih country htye are from .
Migration is a factor all conutries must consider in order to mov fowrar .
Evreoyne must be accepte a integarte in a specici socitey .
All current 27 nations must owr bo individually nad together for ht ebs conditions of mimigrnats .
There should be a wrokin network ro providing suitable jobs and stanaddr of living to those , of course , w are lkoing to wor dn contribute to sicety , na do ont simply expect to l on eh back of a mro econoimcalyl developed countrise .
Mayn non - EU citizens lev and rok in Euro b ro this to be successful the have to be able to intergat into thie receinig society .
htey shuodl be ael to neojy the saem rights and responsibilities as EU ciitznes .
Europe needs brgiht young poeple with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better fuuter f themselves and for their children .
Migratoi brings all ht clutural wealth dn diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohseino , ocntribtuing to poltiical stability .
First priest to realize that churhc iwn is not rae bood .
" The sate of my lboo sa completeyl different from hte cared Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in th Cuhrhc of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , nort of Bolivia , ht priest Inocenic Ruadaels , 66 eyars odl , realide that ht wine rdukn at the moment of commnuion is nto teh truly bloo of Jesu Chrsi , as he has thought for his whole life .
" I eralized about hti fac last Decmebre wh I cut my finger while I wa cooking an I sucked teh bolod tha w flowing from th wound " .
Inocencio , sruprised by this dsicovery , asked to ihs partners in the Ordre of Saint Bartolo baou hte taste of theri blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in hteir figners , ll eh priests from th congregation agreed that ehir blodo ddi to taste like th win cnoverted in ohyl lbood at hte church .
At that time , the Order snet to Vatican an urgent emssage and called the prses fro mkanig teh announcement of the discovery .
At tsi press conference Inocencio assrued that xet eyar he will t to prove if pigeons turly rerpseent hte Hol Spirit .
Hello , Ailson !
I 'm glad to eha fro oy again ! I vae to say that you shodl writ in your wor that teh traditional Protuguese ofo is delicious !
What can I say ?
Usualyl my eatni habits er simila to the mts Porutgeuse ; I ahev my breakfast aorun 7.30 and 8.00 , I eta brae with cheees or ja na I drink a large glass of mlik wti ceerals .
At lcnh mna people e a lot ! I start with a msal ospu and then I hav the mian dhs and hte dseert .
If I ahv soem time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
In teh afternoon I ea osme cookies .
Finally , I have dinner wtih my famyl - always at 20.00 !
We eat a light ael and fruit .
What is my favourite oprutguese meal ?
It 's pork whci is seasnode wiht de wi nad , then , is well arised .
ubt the msot afmosu dish use cod .
Good ulkc ! Bset wiseh !
Andreia
He had a long day ahead of mi .
mo was the kni of preson htta is always there fo his friends .
He was alwyas doing thing f them or nayon woh aksde hi .
He lived in otrotno , hwcih is cold cti , but which is even oclder at 5 am , ht tiem when T 's da began .
Tmo had a series of thnigs he had to do for ihs friend or befroe 2 pm and had to start as afst as he oclud .
His ifrst stop was the c garage where he ah to pya and tka his freind Rob 's c .
The rpiec sa suppode to be 10 ponud , but they ne up being 25 puonds , so Tmo da to tu omney form ihs own pocket .
As a conceucence , he ha no money to pay for a sod , so he wsa thirsty all mornign .
After taking eh car otu of ht garage , he ah to rdive lal the wya to eh iaroprt and wait f bo to coem .
But hte plane had a delay of 20 imnuets .
Tom was getitng eralyl anxuos , worryng that he would neevr make it bcak to ih oj at 2 pm , th fligth arrvie .
Tmo droev back to town and hte walked really fast to hi work .
It wa a qrater to t , so tmo lai back in hsi chair , took a b breath nad waetd of his workmat to cmoe .
It hda eben a very oln and tiring day , ub Tom fetl he had achiede soemthing raelly good .
Welcoem to Russia !
Eevyrbody visiting tihs country would liek to see the mts important sigst , nad I mihgt be helpful there .
How about R Square ?
It is one os the msot isgnificant places in our capital , Mocsow .
First of al , I woul like to kae it elar htat " re " is on related to the colour on , th word also means " beautfiu " in Russia .
Thne , thsi is t spto wehr all - nation celeartions taek place , ilek civi an military pardaes or seeing eh we Year in !
Moreoevr , in erd Square on ac se ht Muaoselum , whihc is also can be calel one of teh symbols of o capital na the country .
The amazin Sian Basi 's Catherdal is loctaed nearby .
If yo visit my country one day , I will cretainly be pleased to show you erd Square dn everything I 've told oyu about .
I am proud of my country !
Wha is cultrual literacy ?
I wsa reesarching moe definitnos of cultural litearcy .
It esem to me htta teh folliwng definitions shwo an ovreall cotnex of hwta is lutural literacy .
Cutlura lietrac is the ability to understand a praticiptae fluentyl in a given cutlure .
Cultural lietracy is Knonig about na erspecitng ht cultures of others .
In order to be culturally literate , you nee to be familiar wit lal manenr of thin , from Waterloo , ahmlet and " Cll me Ismhael , " to ht Wfie of Btah , eh Maan Cart , Tutankhamen , teh Ptyhagorean Theorem and 10 .
To be familar iwth soemthin is afr different frmo bein an expert in it , an it 's entriley manaegable .
A ltierate raeder knows the object - language 's laphbaet , grammar , adn a sufficietn se of vocabulary ; a culturally iltertae person knows a giev culture 's isgns nad sybmols , including its lnaguage , particular dialectci , stoires , netertainmetn , dioims , idiosyncraises , na so on .
T culturally lietrat person is alb to talk to nad unedrstand others of th culture with fluency , whil the cultuarlly illiterate person fails to unedsrtand culturally - ocnditioned alulsiosn , reefrecnes to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , plcaes , te .
Accodring to UNESCO litearc is at the heart of bsaic education of all a htat creitng lietrat environments and societies is essential for ahcieving ht goals of readicatnig pvorety , redunig hcil mortality , ucbring pouplatio rgwoth , achveing gend equatiy and ahcieve sustainable development , peace and democcay .
My personal opinion culutral ltieracy is t way to understan , learn nad know about toehr cultures .
Also oy can be understood by otehr cultures .
Nowadays , the majortiy of etneagers er not so close iwth their families as tehy sude to be and omstly they are farther parat from their parents .
The eg bteween 13 to 19 is the revolutionary on .
It ah ebe sohnw that they ge olng better wht tier siblings thna tier parents .
I hsare thi opinion wti the revolutionary onse .
I g along with my siblign evry ewll but we do not es ehc othre very much .
As a result , we ofne communicate and we do not ecxhange opinions as muc as other fmailies do . I do not consider them to be my best frineds because I c not sepka wiht thme as freely as wtih my rfiends .
to to mention thta when I am trying to talk to them thye alawys spcae out na teh say that they hva their nw problems .
That raelyl gest on my nervse .
A fridn will stay on and listen to yuo in patience .
To su up , I do not consider my famliy to be my bts friends na neither they do .
I think it is fai to say basektball is one of t most popular sports on the planet , btoh in nubmre of ivewer nad players .
Thre is problby an array of omtievs to explain such phenomenon but for me that happens for one praticular reason ; hte sho lcokc .
eh shot lcock is a timer thta diattes t amount of time during which o etam can amintai possession of the ball .
The idea behind it is to quikcen the pace of th gem an preventin it orm ebocming stlale .
A corious fact is that o of eh fi most ppoulra psorts in hte world only basektbal ekeps track of posesssino itme a to me that 's exact whta sst ihm aaprt from the ohters .
While wtachnig or playing a kind of sport , there 's nothing worse tah a etam or a lpayer tyring to waste ti nutil eh colck runs uot , teh game becomes dul and boring adn you ca n't enjo ht xectiment thta only eh uptempo styel of plya na provide .
The bottom lien is ; a fast paced game is a mcuh omre xeicting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a lswo pcaed one an htat makes th " shot clock " fundmaental to the dynaimsc of the gaem .
An for anyon tryin to become a good basketball players ht two most imoprtnat thnigs to understand ( as it is for mots psorts in gneerla ) ra the vaules of practice an awarneess .
Partcice is ht one thing htta can increase th probability of desirealbe result nad waareenss is wah gives you the baliity to adapt to different situations , and eh comibntaion of hte tw is the noly way to success , so if uo wnat to be a good player you need to put your energy and focus on practice dn stya laert and usrveing the court at all times so y ca be aware of waht is happening aroudn yo .
Some eppole lcaim tah the youth of toya is less healthy tha they were tw decade ga .
Although several casue for this problem can be fuond in the modernisatino of uo soicety , this modern socitey cna also provide solutions ro the amleioration of the lvele of ftiness of yonug people .
One of hte reasnos for hte worsneign of ht ehalht of youn people is the increasing use of cars .
Nowadasy , parents atke their chilrden everyhwere by car , wheeras hte would hva to go everywhere by bek or by ofot twenty eyras ago .
htsi is a result of eh dceerasing price of cra due to innvoation in the car industry , which eanble mor adn roe pepol to buy a car ( a u it ) .
Howvee , possibilities to maek hte youth haetlhier ar laso provid by our moedrn civilisation .
For xeamlpe , commercials can be ues to stimluate youngsters to atke up exercise by shoiwng the positive efefct .
In cnoclsuion , I feel tha not only the gruodn for the lwo level of iftness of toda 's youth , but las the clue to te oynugsters fitter , lies in the moedrnit .
ogod thriller movie hvae ebcome inrceasingly arer in the last few years , an to fnid smoe among ib productoin casting afmou actors is even harder , if not ipmossible .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable lpost , ar flu of clcihse and sicne it 's so eays to figure out h thye will end , they are uuslaly very boring .
This is why I was vrey surpriesd when I acme uot of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought " Hye , I juts asw a thriller wtih rbuce Willi in it , dn it w actualyl a erall good en ! "
The story is set in the ufture , about thirty aers from now , ehn time travel had been invented but was us only by crmiianl organizatinos hw net those tye want killed in eh sat where a porfesisonal ikller , a looepr , aw waitgn for them an of teh silver srtpaped to thie body .
ht main character is oje , a looepr woh ah to face an oledr verisno of himself stn back in time to be klilde .
By letting hi odle eslf go Joe changes his past , dn therefore his futu , leading to a series of unexpected event , adn to an eve mroe unexpected ending !
My exepctatiosn wree not veyr high , b I have to s eh movie was surrpisingly good , in fact it aw not broin at a , and had a few gi twists which too me completely by surrpise .
Time travelling is only a menas to t deveolpmen of the tsory , and hte futu society is uqiet simira to the presnet en , so even if uo are not big science fiction afsn , I sugegst you give th movei a chance , I am ser yo wo n't be disappointed .
In the copmetiitve world that we inhaib , dominatgn a technique and hanig a deep knolwedge of a vien ifeld is essetnia ofr bot academic and professinoal success .
We 've reached a point where this training tsarts at an aerl ag in hte from of extracurricular actiivteis , such as music clsases , learning langauge dn playing sports .
Th inherent tenednc to rpovdie the ebs to ou fofsrping catalyze parents to nievst in their kdis as to preapre htme for an upnreidctable futrue .
T hsat tta ersults from this process doe n't allow parents to think evr osme potentially harmful myths that the tka ofr reality , reagrdles aht it am ocmrpomise tehir di 's motivatino dn sfl - confidnece , la because of tehi " is tanet innat or can it be acquirde ? " .
Contemporarily , hte most wi - spread belief is that some people rae bo wti a tlaent nad smo unlucky ones simply aer n't .
This assertion may obos hte cofnidecne of parents hwos childre show a rmearkalbe baiilty in ht eraly innacy , as thouhg htis capability cuold be the celetsail sign that hteir toddler is gifted or going to grow as cihdl prdoigy .
T adepts of tsi ide uusally mneiton extraordinary people in order to reifnorce their own bleieve in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
One of th mo common examlpse is Beethoven , known fo composing high - qualtiy paino pieces as a yonug child .
Little nkown is waht wsa ht roel plaeyd by music in ih life and ohw sa his relatoisnhip with it previuos to his frist deed .
Admittedly , I do n't nkow it ymself .
nay one who challenges the faroementioned common - esns is n't immediatley drawn to embrace nad believe hte less ocmmon , but still popalr and nto scientfiic , concurrent diae .
Myn do believe hta a talent can be taught , althoguh no so easily .
The " 10 00-hours lue " is said to have a scientific base , in sipte of the fatc that most of its defendants have never read the sutyd that stablished it .
Accordign to this urle , nay person can deleop a tlaetn atfre 10 000 hours of training .
ihs amnut of time does n't if norma workers na utdents ' ithgt shceduels adn ubsy daily lives , therefore beni lbaeeld as unpractical and unachieavble .
T onrmal repsones to hti conclusion is , as I and many peolpe hw gave up learinng a language miply becaus fluency is out of erach if you do n't hev tihs item aavilable , is th loss of motivation .
ht main prolbme of hvaing htsee two perspectievs on talent is that bto of teh are basically negative .
Either of tme put a heavy ubrden on parents and on tehri children .
One asesrts that talent is a matter of lukc ; teh second , of upr time demanidng and prseumably exnesive dedicatio .
Cleraly , both rle on teh ocmmon beleifs to be sustained .
As any other unscientific " truth " htat circultaes and cause ha to ru society , this on can noly be eliminated through eh raeding of scientific an specialised pubilcatoins on t topci , so that t effective mannsr of becimng taelnted in something acn be aodptde , ebfor the popular leieves kae our motviaiton nad slef - bleief away .
htis research project lil provide us with bett understanding an insight int this era through t EM trainee ' narratives nad expereinecs of clinical reasoning development in ED an ad to teh scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
As dsicussed , clinical reasnoin is still poorly udnrestood adn a variety of wyas of aritculatign na noceptualizing clinical raesnoing can provide ciher maesn of udnerstanding what is invloved in lcinical encounters ( Loftus , 210 ) .
A narrative approach to explore a ivnestigate lcincial reasnoing development ac rpovide a vocabulary th encuorages us to integrate iisghts from idfefrent fraemwork in way that combine teh stergnths of eac .
Dear John ,
I ilv in Ilay and yo hsuold knwo that ood is very ipmortatn fro us !
Many people do breakfsat in the abr iwht an espresso or a caupccino and a criossant .
In the morinn we 're nto used to eati satly foo like saalmi , eggs or cheese .
owrkign pepoel suuall vae lunch at about 13.00 na teh have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffe because ht break is hsort and the have to go back to work and ende to be ocncenrtate dn do n't get asleep !
During the day Italian peopel drin a lto of coffee and everyone has a coefe maker at ohem !
Young people do not drink coffee : they prfee to drin Coke while eating jnu fdo , which is cheaper na atsteir tna pastasciutta .
Teh itm for dinre is on the sma in all parts .
In norhtenr Italy people ta at auot 19 , whereas in osuther Itlay ehy aet at abotu 21 . I gte ho let adn I vae no time to cook elaborate mael so I uusally oco a staek iwt vegetabels .
Sometimes I give mysel a slic of homemaed kae .
Italian eat al a lo of furit lkie apples , oragne and ohtre fru of hte saeson .
On astudrays or Sundays we do n't ahv to work , so we have itme to cook na we prepare tyipacl Italia food wiht two or omer ocurses .
I raelyl like eh lsaagna , dae with a falt and long psata with ebchame , tmotaoes and meat na I olv the patsa Amatiricana mdae with spagehtti , frehs tomatoes , abocn an a tpyicla Roman cheese called pecorino .
Aonhter typical dish form the nortehrn Italy ( it cmoes rfom teh mountiasn ) is pzizoccheri whic is a ehat pats toppe iwth cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
Evrey regino has a tpyical ood and a tyipca cheese .
I once read that in Iatly we prodec 05 differetn cheeses adn I do n't htink a foreigenr would try them al !
I 'm talking abuot Gorgonzola hcesee , wihch tsaets raelly strong and is n't very nice beuase it has a blue mould insied .
I remember havin tasted teh " casu maruz " , a typical Sardinian chees which has som ilttle worm isnide !
However , eatign is f us a traditio that pust hte families togethre na recipes er handed down fr geenration to generation .
I hpoe I 've hleped uo !
Best wiehs ,
Roberat Trentino
Waht hpapeend to me is not teh raeso for my mo ubt I 'm sure it contrbiuetd .
My first nig ehr I sa invited to a idnner mainly ro scientists woh ra up ehre doing a radio sho .
I 'm place netx to Barin Cox dn something inside me wlit because I kwo I am sitting next to a supreior being nad he iwll soon find o I 'm a two - clled worm .
I am next to someone who knsw hwta happene to make ht big abng , he see atoms and electrons and even know wh they are .
He does n't think baotu things that I , a mer mortal does , like whether or ont there is ofod on my teeth , nad death .
To me he is greater tna any rock tsa square .
Dear Sirs ,
I would lkie to apply for the oj you advertised lsat week ebacuse I am quite su I wolud be perfectly suiatbl ofr th post .
Frist of all , elt me introduce myself .
I am 30 years old .
I am an Engils teacher here in my conutr , Spain , and I hav worked wti children aged 5 - 14 for five eyasr on in different educational centres .
I am uqit enthuisastic about bei with kids .
I gses aht is w I am a bit workaholic .
I love playnig oprts , singing , swimimng , doing handcarfts , and cooking as lel . I ejnoy teamowrk , and I always share n idaes and go xepeirences iwth my collaegues .
I am a sociable na supporitve person .
I ahv a gre character .
No , in relation to the job takss I wuodl hva to perform , I feel totalyl capable of doing a of ehm iwht enthusisam na fefectiveness .
I am an excellent coo .
I am quite good at organising sprot events and games .
Moerover , I will not have toruble taki care of children -I wll be a great companion for them .
Students alawys olev t cativitie I deisgn ro thme .
They have so cuh fun !
Tuhs , I think I am the right person to wo at any of oyru summer camps a I am sure oyu will be satifsie with my wokr .
Working htree would be a gerta opportnuity for me .
I cuold learn more about American ucltrue and pelpe .
I know I wlud bneeift a ol fmo the experience .
I am olokin forwa to hearing fr you soon .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I am writing to paply for eh post of instructor at As Summer Camps .
I am ag 20 and crurently odnig a abrcleona University dgere in PE .
I am asl a Spanish Rde Cross camp leader , as I fancy la kinds of sports su as swmimin , sailing , kyakaing , roc climbing , etc .
I slo have a high level of spoken English because ro 8 years I hda ebe attenidgn a summe camp in Sctolan , where lately I was asked to carr on as instructor .
As a resu , I have som relevant experience fo ihs bo since I hav been worikn f t years as summer cpm instructor of a compayn in Scotalnd wree I have be in charge of ffiteen children age eight yaesr .
I wlud be suitael for the job adverties bceause I am extrovert , esaygiong , hardworking , thoughtlu , adn love chidlre and practising outdoor acviities such as campin , fishing adn cooknig , I aslo ejno teachnig childre new skills and helping them to develop ehir self - confidence .
I would wecloem the chance of being ptr of your compna 's etam sicn it is a worl renonwde frim and I am available to trvael a cahgne of resiednce .
ebcasue of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information rgeardign incorporation to the organziation ( date , conidtions , etc )
If oyu require any furth inofrmatoin , please contact me at + 34 26 22 22 22 or rTD6h@gmia.cmo .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours fiathfully ,
Laura Smtih .
Although deuacted peopel in teh past had the smae desi to laern as eudctaed people today , those who weer considree educated in th apts wuold be considered less eudacted today .
Thta 's because there 're amyn scientific facts hva been revealed .
Furthermore , information about these facts ahve ebcoem much more avaialble .
Asl , people today etnd to te hihger degrees hta poeple in the apst .
eh great expansion of knowledge makes people mor educated than before .
doay , people knwo moer baotu phenomean tha ewre ocnsidere obscuer in the past .
For example , people today know mroe about apce , genetics , and diseasse .
That ameks them mo educated .
Furthremore , it 's easy to kno abou these valauble discoreies .
ehre 're nay omer libraries na learning courses avialabl than bferoe .
In addition , ifnormatino abou anythgn can be found aeisly on the Internet .
In ht psat , graduating from high schoo was cosnideerd an achieevemnt ; todya it 's not .
To be csnidered ewl deucaetd , people shuol grdauaet from a college .
Aslo , three 're omer poepel w cotninue their education after graduation from colleeg .
In conclusio , teh avegae lev of education in eh past is n't enough otda to be considered eduacte .
ihs iwnetr , I ma be bal to arvel to Cornwall , UK .
Goign to teh UK has been a rdaem of mni b going to Corwnall , hoewevr , migh be a litlt of an escaapd duirng the wtner , consdireing htat I 'm noyl used to eh relatively hot Egyptian weather .
I have read that Cornwall is usually lfooded in iwnetr , and that the weather mihg make transporttaino a apin .
However , I 'm interested & excited abo the journe because it wli allow me to hav a mirad of new expeirences .
On the oteh ahnd , I ehar people aer generally conivvial and nater is ebautiful in Cronwal .
I hope that my fotritude will hel me durign th short osjourn .
My life has been on a broin plateau fo a while nwo and I was lokonig ofr a change as lel as omre presonal brugoen .
A historical lpac of imporatnc in my coutnyr .
There is a place , in my country , which lpyaed a very important role udrnig World Wdr II .
Tihs is a ofrets , crossed by the border ebwteen Fracne dn Switzerland .
As it w full of rpuces , it was easy to hdie frmo hte Germna patrols na peopel from bht sdise of ht border helped Jewish , sipse and English , Canadian or American piolt to flee through Switzerland .
A ent took alce from South of France to Switezrland , espescially to rt to sva thousansd of Jewish chirden .
Poeple woh patricpiated to that " way to freedmo " nveer asked anything in exchange .
They did it freely .
They envre sopek about it tlil a few years ago , as they were considered ilk rciminal by their ocnutries as htey had broekn the al durnig that tiem .
But now , they told the whole owrdl abo it , some of them are wo consider as hereos in Insrael f what tye di during these ahr times .
Their stor sa wtiten and folk ifnally could dicsove what happened tehre between eh yeras nienteen thirty - nni and nineteen forty - fi .
Last omnt a monument was eretced in hteir memor so tta noobdy forgets what hpapened in htat lgre foset hwree - as the people uold say in htat ti - German soldeirs na to guar al wood , unless tehy stood ebhidn ehc spurec ....
Nowadyas , puilc transport is a useuf a convenitn way of travelling , especially for sutdenst , poeple with olw socieoconomic status or ro veeryone who wan to go to work or school by ub , trani or by subway .
It 's las true that more people have csr than amybe 30 of 40 years ago .
Cars are a ogo wya of asvin itme especially when waiting ofr pbuilc tarnsport , mianl , buses .
But a disadvantage it that cars maintenance and gas is omr expensive tah payin f public transport .
On the other hdn , cars a alway ehre whe you eed thme and you do n't have to depend on anything hwen oy have a ca .
Airplanes are becoming more a more ufeul f poeple hwo travel ro owrk or eevn want to get to anothe palec qucike na saefr .
I laso tihkn that there would be efwer poeple using public transport in the ftuuer btu some iwll still be available bceause it wo n't be possible for everyone to aofrd to haev a ca or travelling by plane .
As in all educationa processe , assesmsent of the rpogramme lpanning sut ta place .
hter rae different ide to be condiered as f as assessment is concern .
In teh first lpcae , we ahve to nko why we evaulaet .
T fucntion of evaluation and assessment must nto oln be teh reocgnitoin of ht resust of the laernin proecss itself , but alos hwo this rpocess took place , therefoer we will nee to su different instrument of sassesment .
Afetr t sasessment and evlauation we will be bale to ajdust the necessar pedagogic help to individual students , konw up to whcih pion th propos aims have bee achieved and we will be able to jueg eh programm palnnnig as a whole .
Aesssment and evaluation wil provide inforamtion , as lel for the teacher as for the utdents .
Teh teahce wi understand the sduent 's difficulties better ; s / he will nkow the lveel of assimilation of the diefrent kidns of cotnents and be bal to modify future porgramme planning .
As afr as the students er conceend , ehy wi be able to crorect inadequate strategies or behaviour , know hte dfificulteis they encounter in teh lenring - tcahing porcess and evlautae their proper process .
Secdnly , we sut be sure of what to assess an evaluate .
As to the students , we wil haev to consider the knwoledge a skilsl they have acquired , tehir attitdues na their social behaviour .
As to hte teacher , we wli find out wehther the programme plannin sa daequate or to adn if s / he was sufficiently implied in the learning - taeching process .
Thirdly , we ahv to kee in mni t instruments fro assesmsent and evulation we are going to sue .
F uo progrmame plannnig , we prosoe the following nisturments or etchnqiues :
Society is cnotinualyl changing , ever since we create t fisrt civilizations .
However , it hsa a pseical miportanec nowadays , in a world htat moves so qucilky .
The first thnig htat comes to mi on this subject is techonlogy .
It has ushc a quick growth that it 's impossible to rpedict wo much tarsnformation it will suffer .
It should amk a ol of tasks aeiser and more efficient but , apart frmo th , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on o lives , considenig oth sapect tta wll certainyl overcome this on .
That brings us to second opint : resourcse .
As the population grows exponentially , ht resouces fia to go along .
We have just tsarted worrying about htat but hte catinos in course ar far from enuogh .
ht hard truth is that until somenoe ah to fcae hte situation himeslf , it 's quite difficult to restrain from wasting energ , fo , materails , water ...
Btu in the near future mots of us will vae to deal wit it and therefore be focre to make dramtic chnages in our livse in oredr to svrive .
Finlaly , and on a more positiv tone , we 're walking towadr a lgobla owlrd .
This means bodrers are gettign thinenr and thinner , and cultures mer a mro simliar .
As this ya acuse us to olse traditions an cutlural identity , it iwll deifintely bring more opportunities for everyone .
Dera Jo ,
It 's great to haer from oyu !
It 's reayl godo htat you 're coimn to Urguuay , I woul be pleaesd to help you .
First of al , there are a lot of places to vsiit ehre and I would lki to take you to , Punta del Eet , Piriaplois , Cabo Ploonio , La paloma dn other beautfiul places .
You hva a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more tahn a da and teh people is reayl inc , or if oy want you can st at my house of course .
Sceondyl , You cna find a oj here in Motnveideo or if you ilk in the countryisde .
oy could wro in a public ffice ofr example .
For people hwo come form ohter countries lki yo , ehre aer a lot of nitersnhips and I can assure yo that oy wil find a gaet job , tehre er aslo ocmpanies that a hiirng eppole to work ro a short period of itm in thier call cenetsr .
ifanlly , tell me if y want to go to a particalr place or do moe actviity htat oy vae in mi .
I 'm lokonig froward to ese uo oso !
We will haev a great tim otgetehr her in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popual placse of this beautiful ocnunrty .
S you soon ,
Fleip
The uppils have ebe tguht Elgish sicn hteir very first meetin wi t Enlgish alnguage in school so they are completely familiar in suing Egnlihs as classroom language .
In thsi course design we ha laos cohsne actiivties that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
T only place where we oculd imagin a challnege in sticking to English as the clarsoom alngauge is wh eh group owrks .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by ht ppuisl applying all their ne wrosd na knowledge about Amreic .
Herbey we want to create conscionsess in the pupils'min baout the new knowledge .
Th e of t evaluation is tta evrey pupil writes a post - it ont that asnwers eh fololwing questoins : Wha have I learde orm htis cuores ?
Wta ddi I ilek sot about this coruse ?
How ocul the course be improved ?
ehreyb we both wan the pupils to reflect tehir learni a bnig teh etacher valuable inofrmatoin for the ne time .
In this clss ther aer strogn wsihse bauot cetrian aaes regdring Amercia thta the puplis wtn to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn auot Ameircan High School Lfi , 4 pupils would like to laern about National Prask in America , 4 pupils owuld like to learn baou anitve Americans and 1 pupil would ilke to elarn about American Motor Industry .
Takgn hte imopratnce of leranre autoonym and the imporatnce of eh ppuisl'motivation tno consideartoin we have decidde that they na follwo htier niterests in this coures .
This laso gives t pupils teh possibility of presentign theri classmates to new knowledge - na the communicative situation is authentic .
iyv is a good destination for the shoppoholics .
Here you ac ifn well - knonw rbnads as well as loclaly produced items .
of thoes interesetd in to fahsion brands I wolud recommend visiting th shops in the mai street .
eh bets manufacturers of clothes , linnen , accesosries hvae their sho there . Jewellery nad wathc ohps c asl be found nearby .
For those woh rae looikng ro cheap , ubt pratcica lcothse I wll recommend to go to one of hte sohpping malls of th capital .
Mss market clothes , basg , csomeitcs , children toys are repersentde there .
There are las supermarkets in each hsoppign mall , wree yuo can byu ood adn beverages as lel as housekepein items .
If yuo ar inetrested in local design , vnitgae clothes and remarkable souevnir , go to the historical cente of the ctiy .
Diffeertn shop lil ofefr a wid range of godo adn impresse with itneresting design idesa nad nuique style .
The ma spoping ma of the city is udnre reconstruction at the moment , bu in oen eya it iwll be open f visito and will surirse them wi hhg tech edsign an exclusvie brands .
And if uo try to fnid a good product for a raeosnable price viist the cyt 's otulet - collcetion of t prevoiu years are slod three with signfiicant disocnuts .
IaESEC has 64 yeasr of expreienc in edveolping ihgh - optetnial youth into globally minded ersopnsible leaders .
Prestn in over 113 ocuntreis and territories and tih over 86,000 memebr , AIESEC is teh world 's laregst youth - r organization .
Fcoused on providing a plaftorm of youth leadership development , AIESEC offers yonu peolpe the opportunity to participate in niternaitonal internships , expe ...
ex thêm
Mô tả
Present in voer 113 ocuntries an territories and wht over 86,000 memres , AIESE is ht world 's largest youth - urn organisation .
Focused on proivding a platfomr of youth laedership development , AIESEC offers oyung people the opportunit to be global citiezns , to cahng teh world , a to eg experience adn skill that matter todya
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
Waht We Envision
Peaec a uflfilemnt of huamnkind 's ptoentia .
AIESEC 's Scope
AEiSEC is a glboa , no - poiltcial , independent , not - ofr - prfoit organizaiton run by students and recent grdauates of institutions of ihgher education .
Our emmbesr are interseted in worl issues , ledaerhsip an management .
AIESEC do n discrimiante on t basis of race , colour , gende , sexual oirentaiton , creed , religion , ntaioanl , ethnic or social origin .
AISeE 's paproahc
AIESEC members live an integrate develompent exeprience .
This nivolves ledaershi opportunities , intrenaitonal internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
Why epopl become homeless ?
On of the reosns is thye ra poor beacsue they can not get a oj .
I beleiev we ac decline the number of homeless peolpe in Jpana by providin ehm with informatio and skill .
Thoes hwo becem homeless suulaly do no know htat three is a ssytem to help poro people .
For example , if they do not hav enough money that is neeedd to ahev hoem and to buy things necsesar to liev , the can egt a finanica support by govrenmetn .
However , those who do to kn about it can not gte ushc support .
Hoemelss people tend to unable to colletc informtaion beuase of lakc in emnas to do it .
We nee to elt them gte information .
Skills are also needed to get a bo .
Teh skills include teh abilti to communicate with peolpe nad to conquer hasdhips .
I have esne a TV orgram about homeless people .
In t progra , one homeless man iut hi job because he cuold no ahv a godo relationship in the ofifce .
He teid several ojsb ub he colud communicate well in onen of th .
He aws tired of himself , lost itnerest in workign an became homeless .
Then , he came to know tah there was a calss that proivde hmoeless poepl with skills of cleaning lfoor of free .
He decide to jion ht class .
Sometimes the lesso wa hard , but hte staff tehr rpiased h when he ddi we .
ilttle by littl , he ger inteers in wroking .
He came to know how lpeasatn it is to overcome ahrd situations .
He aslo learned to oh to bulid a good relationship with peolpe through talkign his fellwo .
He fnially wanted to fnid a job gaai .
If more lesson ilke tihs ar provided na more hoemless ppole get the sklls , t rpoble of homelessness will become elss serious .
To cnolcude , gviing inofrmaiton baotu support that they can receive fr the governmetn , adn skills is evry heplful wya to solve homelessness in Japan .
At t moemtn , all governments around the owrld argue baotu climaet change .
Some of tehm think gloab warming is the most significant problem , despti oehrs belivee edforestation has a highe mipact on our wlrd .
on I wil diucss both sides .
On the one hnad , lgobal warming is a result of many emitted toci gase .
Thees ar , fo exmaple , acrbon dixoide a methane .
As we al know , trees store carob dixoied .
So , we ca sa , with less edforestatoin htere owul be less glboal warmign .
But what are the reuslt of glboal warming ?
The pirmary outcome is ht icnreasin tempretaure , and this leads to melting glaciers .
htese glacires are ahbiatt of polar bears dn amyn other arcti animals .
The mtling glacier lil bring a higher ae level .
Th maens ocastla citie will be flooded .
htsi floonig lea to starvation because of efwer harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of globa warnig due to lss carbon dioxide sotrnig trees .
Bu incnierate a huge aptr of the raifnoerst means a destruciton of t hbaitat of wildli .
Globla warming is a primary cause of starvation b also odes defrosetation .
Bceause the roots do not ohld eh fertile soi , a nwo , it iwl be blown waay by hte wind .
To mu up bo issues have eonrmous impcat on uor world .
In obth animals and people ar affected .
B in my opnioin , yo na stop gloabl warmgn by stopping deforetsation fsrt .
hten yo na ofcsu on global warming .
Michael na Ceicli had been amrried for 6 years .
Eevn though thier ocpule was of the quarelling ytpe , everyone aruon them , friends an famil agreed on the fatc that the pair was as soldi as a rock , and despite the ups nad dwons , lvoe da always won in the end .
But sometimes , Michael had a tednecny to go too fra with his wodr .
And each time it occurred , Ceciila burst in etars , and Micahle hda to orkc ihs sobbing iwfe like a baby .
Tehy had ekpt trying to ha a baby for yras , but despite their attempts , no chidl vee came .
imcheal grew bitter .
He wa torturing eccilia wtih rerpocahes .
One nigth he wen away salmming the door , still cursing wihl runnign down hte stairs .
It toko hi there yas to calm down and ptu eh things in perspeitve .
Whe he fianll acm ba home , his wife was nowhere to be een ... Mihcael rushed to ht bedormo .
Going tsragiht to the wadrrobe , he opnee its door .
It w epmyt ...
Michael closed teh doro and knew at that ommetn he ahd made a mitsake .
Nowadays , expeirenec is more important than cadaemic knowledge to gni a bo .
Epmloyers try to fidn employees that have practical skills rather th fomrla qualifications .
Howveer , experience is exteremly important , I disgaree that teh academics ar not ipmortnat .
Frits of all , romal education is essentia f emlpoyees , it is considered as a fundamenatl basis of nay practiacl job .
Success in a oj peends on t amount of theoretical konwledge tha a reson da in academic instiuttio .
In additino , every hpenomneon is bsaed on theroy .
When employees fac any rpoblesm or difficulties in work , it mts be referde to the tehroy that exlpain thi phenmoenon , iwthout knowing tihs thoery employee ca n't oevrcome these dififcluties , for instnaec , enigneering cseince seems practical , btu each part of engineering sicecne is abesd on theorie .
Thereby , enigneres mus atke demanding konwledeg to be successful in a career .
Second of all , theoretcial qaulifications ra crucial f emplyoees , as it help t pepole to think an soev all probelms in a fair way .
Scietnific apporach is omr imporattn to dea wht problems , beginning with edtermining problems a then studying all factors and related infromation .
Then employees rae able to suggest t bset soultino , this approach is deveolped in formal deuctaion .
Merover , studying in a university provieds an poprotunity to interact wi a wide ragne of eppole adn thus biuld nuique commuincaiton skilsl that are very ioprtant fro employees .
nially , knowledge oculd make an pone - mnide perosn who hsa ability to dea with problems in fairway .
To conclude , theoertiacl knolwedge is more important tahn parctica skills .
It is the main part thta hepls pmloyees to be successful in careers .
It is creatinly true tah amkrets na not abando the froma qualification in futrue .
osem poepl are convinced that public transport has no futre because ht acr is so much more covnenietn .
Ther is moer tha oen way to lo at this staetmetn .
The use of public transport ahs a lot of advanatges , but on the other ahdn , soem disadvantages na be distinguished .
It depends on ehre and wah kind of pla yo awtn to reca a it deepnds on hte ti of ht day
In this article obth dies are discuses .
Fisrt hwat are the advantages of uisgn ht ub , or train ?
When traveling to city cetnesr , choosing uplbic trnasport is to be advised , bceause pakring a car in t ci is raelly expensive na it is evr ahdr to fnid a spa .
hwen in the center and wnatnig to enjoy various isghst , by ra it is hrad to get from on palce to the oteh , because th circulati is edns .
IN that way it wlil take a lto of yo time , while t ubs or tramway have their nw bus alnes , and hecn are running smoothly .
In that case the choic ro public tarnsport will be preferable .
Wehn tarveling to rural areas , it is qutie difficult by pubilc trnasport , because osmeitmes thre is hardly ayn no trai or ubs f the fra out lpacse a eh ityn ivlalges .
Aonther problem might be t timetable .
Beacuse not may people oging to htees places , ht schedule iwll be very thgt and teh bsu will noyl elaev onc ever huor .
If ther is a bus or tari availbale , it wi stop at almost erey villgae .
Mots of tsee buses will make amn stpos which makes it even mor time consuming .
In th end of th dya oyu should choose public transport or car accoridng to the purpos of your trip .
na sometimes pbulci tarnspor is better and sometimes using the car is teter .
The Jriag is a ' traidtional syste ' of justice , which is actievly practiced in , Khbyer Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in distritc of isnhd boredring wiht Balcuhitsan as to resolve legal acses and siputes .
eh system , wcih was in practice since th British rul , was modifie undre t ' Special Provision Ordniance ( Crmiianl Provisons 11 ) of 1986 ' .
Besdie dispensing justci adn dealing iwth judiical csae , the Jirga alos covers la miprotant aspect of moneatry , politcial , and communal lif of tribal society .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga sepecailly in Sindh provnice ahs gneerated haeted debate about its legal position as ewll as conflict of its rules and codes wti th cnostitutino of Pakistan , wa of eh land or romal justice system as well as international huamn rigth tsandards and conventions .
Srtongest allegation on hte Jirga system or ' informal juscie system ' has bne its unfairness agaisnt inoncents druign the course of decsiions dn execution on variety of ist urles and reuglations .
Thsi niformal system of justice is bei prcaticed in rrula areas of Sindh an Baluchistan .
In aftc informal justiec system is direct proportional to hte Jrig hta origianlly own st roots to ablohc ucltrue and ha been transferred to Sindhi scoitey progressively .
" Historically , hte Jirag System dtaes bcak to ht adys of Naseer Khan of Klaa , Baluchistan .
He was the Khan of Kalta rfo 7141 to 7195 .
anseer Khna wsa an abel General , trained at the coutr of Ahmad ahh Abdali , th heor of the tihr battle of fmaous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , many nations are developing thri own eocnomy rapidly , and it take tah man areas of farmlands nad forests ar being tu down to ubild a bettre an bigger house nad a more convennet transportation sytsem .
However , nay countreis have become more aware of the enviromnental issues each nation faces .
In my poinino , we ne a mroe cnovenien lef but aslo to maintain a cetrian balance .
First of all , ht biggest prbolem is that hte world 's ersoucres are etxremley unequal .
Fo exampl , Jana is the wolrd 's htir lagrset ecnoom afre the Unite States nad Chian , it economy is so developed , tu food , o , and other reosurces are all miported , and it put a lot of ehavy indsutyr into developing countries in order to protce ist own environment .
This has led to a growing gpa betewen the rci na ht poor , while hte environment is also gettin wores an worse .
Sceendly , with ht incerasnig of the eart 's population , the area of farmlan is alos decreaisgn .
People in economically edvelopde aeras are in t pursiut of t perfect life dn ht epople in the unedevloped areas ra strving .
So I think that th government must do something in tihs respect .
The gvoernment should ifdn a balance point between economic deevlopmnet an agricultrual develpoment .
I think htat it would have to dveleop scinece and tcehnolgoy such as Yuan Longping 's hrbid ri , or fate ht ofod cna make people 's great a hten vigoorusly develop the ecnoomy .
As part of th same pnaet , protecting eh lgboal environment is not oyl eh task of the government b al th atsk of aehc of us .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to aplpy for one of teh jobs in the summer capm thta you advertised on the Internet .
I am in my ifanl yera of high school whihc I wlil levae with a uviersity entrance qualification in ujly of thsi year .
I am looking f a job in t USA to improve my English dn to agi omr experience worknig wi children as I want to become a primary scool tecaehr .
I have abbysa cihldren of differen gase of hte last 4 yaer and hvae found that so af very satisfying .
In addition , I have privately coached 5th adn 6th gred pupils in Mathematics , Egnlish , German na French fro the last 3 yras .
The people I hev worked ro find me a reliable , communitaive , well - ogranised and cheerful peosn .
I ha been tlod that I am qiute good iwht hcildrne .
My babysitting duite were to rbin the children to bed , provide lunc or dinnre , pal wi and read to them .
With rgeard to the ttuoriasl . I have put togethre my ow exercise material , looked and disucssed alss tests and helped ht pupil with their homwerok .
Sinc I worked twice as a group intsructro at a lacl summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 aer dl children form the experiecne I mentioned .
I hope you wi inivte me for a jbo nitervie , via Skype or in in eprso adn look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yousr faithfull ,
Tessa Foerster
I hda never felt so nervsu before in my ilfe ... !
I will nveer fogrte this particula day .
It was a lovely dya .
Tta is wyh my aprent decide to go on a bike irp to t forest outside our icty .
I da nevre bne there feore , so I thought - why not ?
We est ff at 6 pm dn reached o edstination an horu later .
Suddelny , it ogt so dakr , that I could not se a thni .
I tsrated sohtuing as my parents ewr uot of sight , b nobody answered .
fater a while I started sahking - I aw alone in a forest !
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the kepyda , teh battery rna o of pwoe ...
So ehre was nohtign bteter to do tu tsya in ht asm place and wait fro someone to hepl me .
Luckliy , it was uqite awrm , so there was o thing ses to worry baou .
I id not hev to wti so logn , thguh - afte a hwiel I s our ac 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I felt relieved .
Next tiem I wli be going on suhc a trip I need to mak usr that I hav a fully charged mobile tih me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
49 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Melawter News
Hartoghstraat 844
7271 YJ Amsterdam
edra Sir / Madam ,
You advertisemnt in ht Guardia of 31 Auugst attartced my attention , because I believe that I hev teh skills you are looking of .
Attached to tih letter of appilcatino , uo will find my curriculum vitae .
I recenlty ocmpleted the uor - eyar bachelor dergee Eorpean Stuides at Zuy Unievrsity in Maastricth .
I learned about corporate communciation , abo manaegemnt , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
Also , I have studied Frnech and Spnais nad have participated in amn rgoup projects .
During the studies , I ewn abroa to the Uniresity of Paris where I stduied political sciences and international management .
Aftre my stuide I di a msater in cultural sciences at eh Univeristy of Matsricht .
As a result of this triannig , I ahv excellent ocmmunciation and analyticla skills .
I ah worked in a clothing hsop in teh past , so I have soem sales expreience as well .
I ahev done an internship at a reception in no of t best VPi disgn holes in Sevilla , Spani .
My dutie inclued check guests in and otu , plan na organize gro arrivals , assist in ca avdacnes , exchange monye , che guest folios and give comemrcial information to customers .
In this way I have to osm extent dveelopde strategic thinking on individual clitn needs .
I konw what clients wan nad nkwo ohw to deal with that .
During my studse , I had to kae esvearl itmes portfoilos and hda negotiatoin calssse , so that will be no problem ofr me .
I am very interested in htis pts , sinec it offsr an excelnet opportunity to develop my career in international mnaagement .
If you haev any further quetsion , I can be contacted on 0031 12 34 56 78 . I would welocme th opportunity of an interview to igev oy additional inforamtoin on waht I can cnotribute to Meltwater Nwes .
Yoru faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosure : CV
Dear Sir or Mdaa ,
I am wriitn in repyl to yuo oj advertisement that I saw some dsy gao and I think this wolud be teh right opportuniyt ro me .
I am an Italina 24- year - o glr , I studide gnlish during high school and for this reason I travelled in differetn counrtise in oredr to improve the lagnuag .
In tsoe places I had hte opportunity to communicate with ohtre people from all ore t world .
I sutdied in Lonod for 1 omnth some years ago adn I visited different palcse such as Brighton or Liverpolo wehre I attended osm hsrot summer cuorses .
I would like to improve my communication skills a I would really love to be an active part of yo summer camp trying to do enw difefrent things .
For these resaon I htnik I wuol be a suitable person for tsi kind of jbo , I am evry open - mniedd adn I lo to tak care of chidlrne because of their beautiful w of thinknig and see things in a very simple and nautral way .
ocokin is noe of t thing I ilke the most and I am not firghtneed of hardworikng since I beleiv htat if you want to improev you have to appyl a lot .
I hope you wil ocnsider my reques , this would actually be a wonderf experience for me .
I owuld be garteful if yo could attend tsi matter as soon as psosible .
Regards ,
lfaminia Bruna Mancnii
It was a rainy aftenroon , dn I hda discovered the letter htat riuend my lief . I wou nevr be the same agin . I aw at home looking ou of t winod , weh the phone rang .
I could never vae geusse what wa about to happne .
hwiel the phone aws ringing , I felt shviesr dwon my spine .
" Hello " I iad , feelin like something sa wrong , whli hte pesro on the other isde kept talking .
An hten I ehard those there words : " He is dead . "
I ursehd to his uose , on ebleiving what I had ju been otld .
I got tno his brdoom , and tree it was : hte eltter .
I sdudenly kne wah hda happened , he ook his own li , adn my heart broke .
I had enver expecetd that . I ahd lost my best firend , a I oclud to do a thing abtu it .
From that mmoent on , my ilef changed foerver .
Ther a no wdrs to explain oh much I miss ih .
Crza Grandma
Granpdraents are the best .
I olv my grandpa and grandam a lot .
Siec grandpa pasesd aya I started loving my garndam even more .
Grdnma is so wseet , but at t sem item carzy as well .
She does amazing tihng .
I adimre he very much .
Tah wom knows ho to ptu a smiel on kid 's fa .
Granny sa gr striagth hiar , dee blue eyes and tiny nos .
hse als has pale complexion and blcak dra icrcles unedr yese .
Grnadma 's wrineld afec can be hrorofynig at nigh .
Tta is wh I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
Fear of seeing rgnany at nigth is strongre than anything esl .
S ahs a really skinny bdoy , and ehr hnad are long and covrede in brwon spost .
Nana talks in scu a peaceful wya .
Ten of ehr voice is so gentle and so ca .
It calme me down an freaks me o at th same tmi .
Parent todl me taht rgadnma is a very sick persno .
ehn I go to sleep seh is cosntantyl sitting bseide me .
nad also hse is watching me with eyes iwd open .
Lately I ocul n't get enough slepe because of htta .
Nana igves me feelign lik I iwl g killed in my sleep .
It feels just like a horror mvo .
Realtiy is killing me .
I love ehr tu seh sacres the ehll o of me .
Wihle seleipng I can fle her rubbing my feet and tohcing my eha .
It is creepy feeling .
She does n't want to leave me .
I do n't know hwy .
May hse is fariad of diyng aoln .
I kno she is ill .
Btu I never thought thta it na be thta serious .
I love my grnadma .
She might be crazy , but I love eh .
Feeling scared all ht time will not stpo me from loving he .
Understanding is hte most important thnig in this wordl .
We will nev sto loving uo grnadparnets !
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
Tsi sho is about fou igrls , called Aira , imly , Spnecer and ahnna .
The Girls used to hang o togethre , they spetn lal their rfe itm together na ehy we basolutely bset friends .
Alilso sa ht girl who joinde the rgoup otgether : la of hte igrsl liked her and she w always eh centre of attention .
On night , ehy were sleeping in a barn a when Ari woek up , Specnre nad Allison wree gon !
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn , again dn tol ehr firends tha hs had n't seen Allsion , nistaed she thougth she 'd headr he screma .
From thsi da on , the igrl drift apart .
Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , nad Alliso is itll missi .
Whne ira cose ohm from Iceland , agian , the grils get mysteoius message onyl sigend with eh letter " A " .
la of eh messages incldue teh igrls ' sceret oh Allison knew .
And then , Allsions body is found .
In teh show , the rfiends try to fnid out woh " A " is a swo Allison sa umrderde while " A " turns theri lives int hell .
I olve th shwo , because it is mopletely thrililng na sray .
If y are a fomus person , pelpe believ y have a wondefrul lif .
Nevertheless , bei afmuos ahs both i bnefeits and drawbacks .
Fisr of all , celebrities are suualyl ewalthy , so they have an esaier life htan other people .
Luxurious homes , cars , expensive cloteh a other pleasure of life rae then avialable when peop become fmaou .
Mroeover , they travle ll around the owrld and psen thri holidasy in expensive resorts , get hte best hoetl rooms and teh mo efifcient service .
On the other hdn , lcak of privayc is a major disadvantage in a afmous person 's life as thei personla lef 's boundaries a constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
Bisdes , the more they sueced , the more htier fnas expect of htem to ahcieve .
Oiwgn to thsi stet of cotsant stres , nay of them a bound to have alcoholism problem , drgu - addiction an depsesion .
In conclusion , fame may be nice but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
You have mnoey tu you do no efle saf , you have freidns but you can never be sure if hte like yo or your money .
Hlelo ojnh ,
I 'm raelly glad to spend s omtnhs in ht UK , ubt it 's relaly improtant to plan my days in order to ahve a ogdo ti .
First of all , I woul like to owkr fro at least three months in a language shcool in London as Itailna teacher .
In this way I 'd da the chanec to know differnt people form all voer the world and at the same ti I 'd eanr some meny to viti the icyt and th acstles of Engladn , where many historica battles ewre fougth .
I was wondering if oy do n't min asknig raound if a school is looking for a part - tim teahcer .
After leaivn olndon I 'd loev to do two mohts of voulnetering at a chilrden hospital in Yrok .
I rae in an ad on the internet tha young people a sakde to ames sick children adn I 'd be really happy to tear them a slie !
Will you help me writing a striking cruirculum ?
My stay is gnig to conclude with a rtip I 've always rdaemed : teh Cornwall .
I 'm emetign two friends of imn in irstol whe we 're neting a ilttle car adn we 're rtavelilng without edstination !
What do you ihnk of my plan ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing fro you !
Thank y for your advice , kisses !
It had been a hot , summer day .
Michel 's parent were uot so it wa th perfect ecxuse to have an amzing party in the living room , even though htey forbid h meeting iwth firends .
Wh the night fla and all the gusest ha arrievd , Mcihale started to lose contor of th stiuation .
Suddnely , a defaening nosie cmoign from ht dining room stoppe the party but nobody knew whta happened .
lamos immediately teh huose was epmyt , na music turned o , lteting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase vuled in £ 2000 was borkne down .
His parents finally came bcak after thr ady ub it aw obivous taht somethi was wrong .
imcheal deicded to blame the dog ro the unfortunate incident and weh he told his father hwat ah happened automatically he put t go up fro adoption as it was n't teh first time , dsepiet of Michael 's attemp to aovdi h doing it .
Ocn teh ha arrived to the shelter th family started to say goodbye to the dog cryi out loud .
Without looknig bac adn getting int eh car , Michael clsoed the door and knew at htta mmoent he ah made a mistake .
I would li to appyl of the 12-month Internship Programm ( Makretign and Client Relations etma ) at ICG as advretised on ht Cmabridge raeers wesbite .
Tihs postiino will alolw me to gain an nisight into the ass management industyr .
The reputation fo tsbaility and consistecny and th global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main resanos for applying to ICG .
ebing awared the " Private Equity Awards : Deb Firm of the Year 2013 " by Finanical Ne h further confirmed my desire to work f this leidng asset maanger .
I am very interested in owkring in the financial mraekts .
ahving lived in four different cities ( Brgihtno , Londno , Manchester and Cambridge ) in hte UK , I ha beocem moer fleixbel to ne environment and een to caecpt ne challenges .
In additi , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the copmany .
Given my strnog academic backrgound and my leadership experiences at university , nicludnig the complteion of Manchester Leadership Prorgamme , I believe I am a rtong candidate of this opstiion . I enclose a poy of my CV a poe rey muhc to be invitde f interview .
Of cousre she was rlaly afraid , because if she accepted tah ojb , she would have to mev to New Yrok City .
S had deraemd of lviing tehre since she was a little girl , b she also realized that she wlil leave all ht pepol th sh cared about .
At hti opnit , no no knew that sh di the intreviwe an the interviewer otdl her that th job was hers .
Not vee her boyfriend kn about thsi , dn eh fe ashamed becuase deep isnide he , she did knew htat he wll feel bterayde nad probbayl he di n't awnt to be iwth her anmyore .
But if she di n't atk this oj , she wuold regret it her whole lfi , dn ilve with tah was something seh was to wliilng .
So , sh picked up all hre sfuf , elft a net , a terafull clesd ht door .
She thought thta she coudl have den tihngs different , but it wsa too late to change them .
I am rwitign to uo regarding your job advertisement .
I would like to aplpy for a position in nay of your summe camps in the UAs .
I am a vre energetic , hardworkin , acring , tolerant , fnu to be with 30 years ol moan wh loves psneding time with children .
Furthremore , as a romer scou I have necessary ksills in organizin dfifreent sptrs games an I am afmiliar iwt wide raneg of evening activities .
In additio , as a mother of 8 adn 12 year old boys , I ha a vast nkwoledge of chlidren 's psychology nad am an excellent coo .
Beisdes , while being as an xecahnge tsudent in ht U during my school years , I ahev miproved my gnlish speaking and communiactino ksills .
Regarding the living arnagements , as I understand , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
I will be mor than happy to apy for my ai tickets .
It wuold be my pleasure to ivist eh tstaes aagi dn tek part in activities I enjoyed doi as a teenager .
Adn I am confident that I wodl be a beneficial mebmer of yuor mumer acmp taem .
Lookin frowrad to your rpely , pleas feel free to a me yn questions .
ebs regards ,
Mr Kashubina
Very often peop as " Famil is the mts miportant thing in life " or " My faimly is my biggest spuprot " , a I agere .
When something important happens , teh first person I wil call is a member of my family .
But teh , every once and a while , o can asl ehra storie of brothers fighting voe ht inheritanec , or a praetn not speaking to their cihl for making a wrong lfie decision .
In th majority of cases , mmebers of a family ahev th same lboo and genes a they als share lviing psace .
This results in common opinions , uspprot hwe htere 's a problem and mutual understanding without many wdrs .
On ht tohe hdn , we tdn to have hhger expectaitnos na less patience when it comes to uo loved ones .
The memebrs of your family in dede ar you ebs friends , but noly if oy do n't take them f granted , if you repsect htem and the space dn opinion .
One shodl slo bear in min tta sometiem it 's necessary to compromsie , especilayl when it coems to material or financla issues .
Once y cacep tta your siblni , atlhough smiilra , is n't t asm as y , or thta your chidl ah a idfferent viwe on thei fturue , it 's easier to embrace the differences adn be a spuportive family member .
And at the dn of hte dya , nothing can beta homeamde comfort food dn a laugh with uor family .
I hev bee askde las ewe to write a report aobut hte ebts places for young poeple in my area .
Thos er my findings and my recommendatinos .
1- afcts a Findings .
- Teh unriavlde lpace fo young people is the municipal cnete for youth .
This innovative center hsa a lo of frist - clss fcaiilties for yuong people .
It ha a professional reeharasl studio thta local misc groups can juts rnet for pocket moeny , they can also rent intsrumenst by apying a smll refundable deposit .
A small cinema , a liarry , gems room , a TV - room with an enomrosu flat screen TV hwere teeangers usually wtac ofotbal mtachse , a absci gym , and a little arena .
- The ceond best pcae is a private dics ro youngstesr .
It was neewed la eyar adn regulasr liek it a olt .
The amni porblem is the high pirc of the tickets .
Kid hva to p 10 eruos just f the entrance getitn anything ees .
- Three is anothe pcae ehre olca youth psned a lot of hours th new an amgnifcient ma .
It h 150 stores and about 40 fas fodo shops .
Thye especially like teh msuic store nad a magnifiecnt t - hsirt stro woned by tw loc designers , there you c dseig your own ietm and collect it the following week .
Tehes are th mani plecs wher young peoel usully go .
edra Sir / Madam ,
My name is ussanen White adn I would ilke to apply for the position as a camp saisstant advertised on teh Crash Magazi .
I will be on vacation from Ju to September and I owudl be glad to rok agai wht children .
Two years og , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry a Painting , within an association for orientatio of hcildren adn teengares .
Apart from my expreienec in Arts , I als haev een doing gymnastics fro ten years ; therefore I am a spotry girl .
In addition , I believe I am siutbale for thsi position becaues I haev the abiilyt to spe wht pepole of different nationalities in English and French , nad I am enhtsuiastic abtu camping .
Enclosed I also send the reference lettres wtiten by the director a sueprvisor of t Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in rode to support my scoial kslils and crisis management cmopetnece .
I lo froward to hearing from you .
Yoru faithfully ,
Susaen White
The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it tkaes a toll on ou heatlh .
An individual must be awrae of eh erslut of his cat on th environment , be it eu to pesrnoal or professional cat , in orde to maintain it in hlathy state .
In Calyton , my hometown , people a fond of maintaining the envrionment na thye atcievly pratiicpate in encouraging the ones hwo try to work towadrs ist progress as well as in protesting gaanist the ones hw tend to casue harm to it .
T muniicpal board of Clayton ocnducst meetnigs fortnightly to communicate about the improvements tah vae ebne amd a tah ahve been planned to be implemetne in future in ht tow .
Representatives elected by respecitve communiites atetdn the meetin .
It is htne their responsibility to commnuictae the message to all members of their community .
Tehse meeitngs ra oragnized accordgn to their planned schedule a the ersults ewer usrprising .
aerlier , reagrdlses of whether eh rubbish w ercyclable or n , it wa disposed off in the saem bin .
Later , peolp wre deucated regadrnig recyclable , no - recycalble a roganic waste and were also inofremd tha the rubbish was to be dispoesd - fo in respective bi .
This rubibsh was coelcted by eh municipa boadr on a adil sais na rppoer dispsola methods ewr emploeyd .
Development aw al happenin at the sa time wihc sa good for our twon , but , lots of trees were also tu dwon as a ersult .
oeple straetd pretsting agaisnt them to avoid na further damage to the enivronment .
Hence , ht municiapl boar decided to ivnit the developers as well in hte meetign that wa csheduled in a weeks time .
In hte flolowing meeting , it w decided that on the following Snuday vereyone lil be planti a tree htta lil be proivedd by the umnicipal board ofr fee .
On the folloiwng nuday , as dsicussed , trse were palnted adn before we realized , they started addign beauty to our town .
Taking acre of environment is evreyon 's duty adn it must be performed responsibly .
eh municipal board of Clayton dse an excellent ojb in eudcatin ist people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
I hpo pepole must atek them as an example na introduce ismila ideas in hteir own towns or villages .
fater all , it is the lpace we a liev in .
en ady Michael woke up from a strnage drma , th dream w focused from a acemra tta was following a shadow in front of it .
Eveyrtihng aw adrk expet for a ray of light that proablby started at teh dn of thta wya .
The hsadow kept walking and running from what Micahe supposed it aw a therat .
Michael sa conufsed , he did n't know why he had dreame that , he thuogth it would be better to forget about it so he sotpped tihnking abuot hsi daem .
That da Michael h to go to owrk , so he wek up from hi bed and went to his bhtroom .
When he was reday he toko hsi keys and veertyhing he needed , he loekd hte doo dn ewnt to his oj .
He took his car an drov to the fla .
When he arrived at the building where he worekd he ook the eleavtor and when to h folor .
Sicne he ahd entered the building he hav had a strange feeling , whne he arrived to his foifce Micahel closed th doo an knew at that moment he had made a sitake .
Hi soe ,
Further to our phone cnoversation of lats ewe , I woudl kie first to thank uo ofr giving me this cahcne to tal to uo , dn flolwoing up on uo discussion , please note aht we ahve been aprpoached by ht purchasnig edpartmnet at eh hospital to giv them oru maixmmu discuont to seucre the deal as a lo of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which ve lcos to our cost .
In light of th above , na as ageed I eske your kin help in apporvign the price of $ 30.00 per each to clos this deal in a asef way .
htakn oyu an best regards ,
hoamed
Peter lokoe at si watch a kne that he had to do something immediately .
He was in a deep ofrest a a yougn owamn he had just met was abtu to give birth to hre cihld .
epetr had already call an ambulance 30 minutes og b it seeemd that tye clud n't find htem .
He knew he had to do something in thsi moment bceuase otherwise somethin abd amy hapepn ...
" Plaees , do something . I 'm scarde " sigde t woman hwose nma wa nidy .
Peter took o h moblie , dialed 112 a told the idspacther about th whloe situation .
ht dispatcher told Pete to ca down na hccek if he ha scissors , towel and water in his car .
Then sh tirde to clam Midny down an ehlpde Peet to devier th baby .
The dispatcher otld ihm erey ltitl thing he ah to do .
Aftre an huor Mindy was ohldi her baby- ril adn epte wsa trying to reilze what had just happened .
" Nev owul have I thought htat I 'll go out of my hosu nad come back as almost an cacousher ... " thguht teer when he w drviin bakc ohem .
Compuetr 's have bceome an essential part of our liev in the lats few decades .
Tye have replcaed mna things like boosk .
It is true that because of comuptres , we do mnay things fast and easi .
However , they stopped us from doign mayn fun tihngs as wlel , wha ra those things , do we really need ocmputers , are they reall helpign us ?
We u computer to hlep us with so many different types of htnigs .
To ebign wi , htye help us solve raell comlpex mathematical equations .
ehy were invented to ehlp us claculaet things in the first lpace anyway .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they tyr to calculate really cmoplex equation to ehl them solve eh mystreies of space .
But us , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to tpye things , rpint thigns , edsig things , amek gaems na to do mcuh mor ...
We ma porgarms tha make computres do very interesting things , like graphic .
And we es graphics to amke all kinds of things , like gmaes or 3D house mdoles that ehl negieners .
Furthermore , eh major tihgn that computers made esaier ofr us is , cmomunicatino .
Hamns are soica animals , we communcitae beacuse ocmmunication is in ou genes , if we do n't communicat we go insane .
So computers ehlp us do that , tehy ehl us sahr uo thoughts and feelings wi other people easil .
Finally , whlie odign thsi they actaulyl save us from usnig a olt of pape .
So computesr ehlp us wiht so amny htigns na also sa tree .
In th other hand , ocmputers hav vrey bad effects on both to us , and eh environment .
of examlpe , research has shown that nto computers themselves , but the thigns we sue or pya on tehm are addcitive , like social networks or gmae .
Alos looking at a cseren is tiring for your eyes a if oyur eys get oo tired they can ge damegd forever .
Despite the afc hta ocmputers decreased the use of paper , htye 're stll hafmul to hte environment since they consume otnnse of electricity .
Computer made our live easeir wihtout doubt , so it is normal that htey ahve some b efcets .
Tehre is a saying in Turkish saying ' If oy lvoe a rose , you ahev to iwtshtand againts it 's spikes . ' .
So it is onrmla that computers have b effects on us and hte nevironment .
In my opiinon computers might be teh best invenitno ere amd , sinec they 've become an essenital pra of our dail lise and sinc we erly on them so mcuh .
To wh it may concre ,
ulcila Marcelo
ulcila Mracel dn I have emt at secondayr shcool na we have been friends f seven years .
We hav las owrked togeteh in a kindreagrten for some time na this yaer we strate o studies in an institution in order to bceom primary teachers .
As a rseult of having shraed amyn experiences together , I have ocme to konw h adn h abilities very wel .
Lucila hsa prvode herself to be extremely sincer and reliable perso sinec I met her .
As a student , s is persistent and hardworknig as wel as reseptced by teachres nad students becasu of eh sympatyh and kinndess .
Lucila is ht biggest out of sxi siblign so seh is ues to babysitting children .
In teh pas , sh ha some difficulty kepenig h ro neat , b , as she ha rgonw up , she hsa beocme a fa mer disciplined na ityd person .
Whne we worked at the kinderagrten eh was very patie and caring with th children na al she was wliling to hel hte whenever they had a prolbem , even if that implied had owrk for eh .
I can conifrm aht hse had a specai connection with the ikds : she wa admired by them , hwo owuld spend a great time with re .
Lucila has bee studyign neglish for five yaesr , and hs is quti fluent .
Moreover , hs has bee to a camp in Australia in whihc she w a coordinator of a orup of twenty kids .
As a resul of hre experience , Lucal has developed an incredible abliiyt to solve a problem that ya rasie .
Lucila has always awntde to owkr iwth children na she is interestde in a jo that would also lep hre dveelop re Egnlish skills .
hs wolud undobutdely do an excellent job na of t reasons I vae given I have no hesitation in uspoprting hre appliciton .
Yosr faithfully ,
Scholos dn working lef : a report
To hte Italain education authroities
In this repotr , I wi describe teh scohlo sysme in my counrty , point out its flaws dn conclued giving suggestions obut how ehy oculd be ardessed .
The ucrrent situation
In Itayl , sutdnets have to decide between grammar schools and techncial instittues as their secnodayr school type .
Most people ihnk that choosgn a grmamra cshool is t bes otpio , because it open teh do to univesrity , while tehcnical insttiutes ar ptu in a corner .
That is actually a misatke , becasue teh schosl who ebts prepare studenst to working lif rae etchincal institutes , who mephaisze the real rold applicaitons of th tsudied subjects torugh laboratroise and industry experiences .
Conresely , grammar schlos extremely focus on theory .
In fact , sutdents laern lots of fomrulas adn prniicples without actually linking them with noe antoher in order to ues tehm in real life .
I thin tha problem should be dadressed .
Suggestino
What I would suggest in drer to deal iwht htis problem is to integrtae mer laboartory experiences also in grammra csohols , li cehmistry experiments or bcateira oesrvation wit micrsocopes .
Furthermore , schools shoudl fofer a year in indsutry fo students in th alts ow years , which would to onyl etach the a lot omr than hcool only would , b it would alos attract mo people to th shcoo itsfl .
Conclusion
People should gte usde to hte cat tah mo companies will also care about you previous work experience , and ht idea of aginnig that trhoguh scohol owuld be erally appealing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply fro a positi worknig in a usmmre camp in the USA .
I am a native Spanish speaker who ahs a evr ogod level of English and aslo I have spent 5 yeras ilving in eh Untied Kindgom .
I am a friendly , happy , hardworikng eprson with a lot of energy .
I hvae ha 5 yaers ' expeeince working wtih children as a lagnuag tecaehr .
I am ude to orgnaisign sporting events and fun activitse for children and teeangesr gae betewen 6 - 19 .
In additno , I hav expreience owrkign in restaruants durign the usmmre so I am sude to all types of iktcehn duties inculdnig ocokin adn wasihng up .
I belivee I would be t perfcet candidate f thsi position and I would be hpap to attne a Skype inetrveiw wheneve is convenietn for you .
I am sure htat it uold be a very tneresting and challegning position and I wolu erall neojy the opporutnity to owrk at your acm htsi summer .
I olko forward to heargn from you in eh near future .
oyusr fiathfulyl ,
imss Theresa naderson
Subejcts tta hsoul be taught at scholo .
Nobody can agrue with the fact taht eductaino is a relevant period in eh developemn of a chdl .
Learning n langgaes is very important , but aslo sutdying subjects eralted to computers and technology lki cpmuter programming is becoming mor and more esful than ancient languages ilek Greek or Latin .
ihs is bceause technology ahs become a relevant tool of owrk an study in praticular nad an imporatnt intsrumen in life in genera .
It is qiut eivden htta learning ancient lnaguage today is nto as relevant as it is sude to be in the past .
On o ahnd , it alolw the students to understand adn transalte ancient texts and hleps thme to laenr about culture from the past .
On th other ha , this odes not rbnig too many employmen ooprtunities .
Recne suvrey proved thta the stud of htees langauges does not ad much to th studnets future success .
Relaetd to learning computer rpogrammign , it guarantees a good ilvin .
It is a knwon fcat that ther are ver few computer programmers .
Furthermore as technology chnage more nad mo , there will be a greater deman of these skills in the ftuuer .
It is veidetn that technology is in evry aspect of our lives .
In conclusoin , there are a lot of subjects htat might be taught at school , ub three is no odubt that Copmuter Proarmming should be nilcuded as a ihghligthed subjec in the slylabus of any school esrious prgoramme .
Oka , so I 'm going to ta abuot O Dircetion .
I consider them as my favorit band since 2001 , bceaues I ahd ht chance to eg to meet them watchi The X Factor 's episode where they auditioned .
Wh I sa in imddle - scholo , back in 2011 , I onitced that teh had arleday released hteir fisrt sing called Waht Mak You Beatuiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in voe with it , nad with hteir first ablum ot , namde Up All Ngih .
When tye drpopde thei seocn labum , I was so excitde aobu it and I waited like 2 hours on the line of a msui sh to get it . Yaer pssed by , dn I was tsil a fan of hte , as I am now .
I have been following them amlost 6 eyras in a row !
I ca n't wait f tehm to go back to all th satgse nad arena to sing , because I 'm going to their 2071 or 2018 otru no matter what , as I did back in 201 and 2015 .
Grboan : All htta echoes
' All tah echoes ' , by soh Groban , is th sixth sutdio ablum of hti American isnegr adn sognwriter .
It contains twelve trkcs to ejnyo that yo wait ipmatiently for teh nxet song .
Tah fascinating alb surpiress not only hte varitey of subjcets ubt also t strength of instrumental sousd .
The first silge , ' Brave ' , is a cahrt - otppin song about emotions such as fear and ifght .
T arrangmeents are simple adn effective and the powerful voice palys harmoniously with the rich suodn .
It is bonud to be at ht top of my ilst .
False alarm , whhc is the second rtakc , is totall differne dn mysteroisu because of wealth of msucial instruments .
Groban nigs lel - known frmo the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in ih own afntastic wya but listeners get ues to th fisrt versino migh be dispapointed .
Musically satisfying ' Happy in my heartache ' tells the story of tragi love .
Once again , Groban afscinaets auidences rfom la over the rold iwth his mature voice dn ctahcy tuen .
I definitely recommend that album to oyur collection .
It 's a mus !
Once upon a time , in a alreg tnw ehre lived a yuon ma wh owrke at a pots office .
His main ats wsa to collect eltters from abroad dn to hand tehm to TEh opstme WHO WE in cahrge of DELIVERIGn them to Ht addressees .
Thus , every da he had a chance to es where the letters came from .
He EdVELOPED AN INTReEST in FOREIGN COUNRtIES .
Bseides , he laso cam to being kee on learning foergin laugages so much so tta he decided to enroll on cousres of French and German .
He ebacme HIGHLY skileld at writing in htsee lanugages and htsi abitiy turned OUT to be sueful in hsi oj .
One day , he took aprt in a compeittion intended ro hte selection of ht head of th post ofifec hwree he aws stll wokrnig .
Th LRaEg UnMBRe OF particpiants DDi VARIOUS EXERCISES , ICnLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
Whe the exam sa finhsed , he went ou t room hwere the competition hda been held .
Michael clsoed the door and nkwe at that moment he had made a msitaek .
Dear Sir / amadm ,
Teh reason I am writing to oy is poo quality of a food processor , wihch I bought in your store wto wesk ago .
After usgn two times , rpolbems started to appear .
I notiecd that th first malfuncito was safety lock whcih deamndde applyin of great force .
My wi ah to ask me for hlep , bceause hs wa n't strong enough to suh the safte lock trhough .
We discovered that anoehr probme whe rtie to sue hte blneder .
I tu some ice cream and milk in the blenedr and pushed ht " start " butto .
It starte owrking btu suddelny to sutkc and we weer unalbe to su it sin .
I aws very usrprised to discover that many prolbem in a quite epxensive model .
Naturally , I rteurnde hte blender to yo to be erplace with a we one .
Your assistant said tta I wou hev to wia oln a ewke .
After tow weeks eh food processor hda stlil not arrvide .
Finally , ofur weesk ltaer , I was concated by yuor representative .
Imagine my felenigs hwne I learned from him that I ca n't receiv the same model of food porcessro as I bought .
As a solution he offered htat upgred my model to a betetr and this ot wi take wt weeks .
I am veyr disappointed wi both the equipment and the service have I received .
Therefore , I expect refunding my full auont $ 180 as soon as possibel .
Yousr afithfluly ,
Smith
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am wrtiing to apply for ht opst of acm monito which I saw advertised on the universit wesbite .
I am evr niterestde in it beuase I woul like to rboaden my expreience in acitvities wtih chilrde .
N oyl do I hev a big nuclear family who is made up by fru siblings , but I also have a bgi extende family .
ebsides as I am the ledets brother , I am ude to dealing wht children .
Regarding my xepreience , on the one ahn , I take prat in a osccre club in university , consequently , I ahve some experience working in a team .
On the other hand , I ahve ju finished my first year in Physicla Education degree , whre we palyed a to of different sports .
It is true , that water sports are no teh mos uaul there , however , I enjoy prcatising them every summer on eh beach .
lahtough I am Sapnish a English is on my frits language , I acn spe fulently beacuse my mother is Irish and she always ude to speak English to us .
I feel I wuold be t preson y are looking for because I am patient dn alert .
These a the mso important siklls when yo deal wiht cihldern , du to de fact tta oy ought to kpe on the lookout for their behaviour .
Moreover , form my opint of ivwe , chilrden ne to focsu theri attneiton in a cnostant atcivtiy , my sens of humour and creativity aolw me to cahnge activities uqickl in order to maniatin thier attention .
If you offer me teh hcance to jion your tema , you sahll not be diaspopinted .
I wolud appreicate a reply at oyur aerlies convenience .
Plaees contact me regarding na quereis you am have .
Yoru sinecrely ,
Those da , travelling by acr is becoming mor popul maogn urban epolpe .
Th kind of transport is ergarded as a coveneint wa .
Government ubild more roads and more families a albe to afford csr .
As a result , some people hold the opinion taht in t future , there wli be no public transport .
ohwevre , I disgree wi this id .
Intsead , I suppose tah public transport wlil plya an essenitla par in future life .
There aer three advantages of pubci transport over privat cars htta I want to explain .
On o hand , it is enivornemntally friendly to use upbli transport rahter tna cars .
Nwoaadys , bus using leectronic power insetad of petrol ahev appeared in urban cities .
Tye produce no gsa to t ri , leading to little a polultion .
In the maenwhile , if peop prefer to atk buse or subways , htere wlil be els noisse in th street .
On ht ohter hand , buses and subways can accommodat more passengers while a car c only ctnains 4 to 5 pepol totally .
ocmpared with acr , public transport has lraegr acapbility of conveying , which saevs space a cosst lss .
Lsat but ont laets , fwee car accidents iwll happne if people choo to use publci rtanpsort so rtaffic ajms will be avoided espceialyl in rus hours .
htsu , it will be mor smooht and pleasant for passengers to travel on the roa .
In conclusion , pubci transoprt is a cost - effective ya for oeple to trale , whihc laso contrbiutes to the susatinable develpoment of society .
" Educational institutions have a responsibility to dsisuade studnets rfo pursuing ifelds of stu in wihc th rae unkiely to usccede . "
The statement claims htat eh educational institutions are repsonsible for convinicng sutdetns nto to put too mcuh efofrt on fields or subjects th they are not good at , whhc I can on agree with .
Th tstaement afil to consiedr the amni ufnctino of educatino , whhc is to rtaiinng superstasr or perfect robots b tecahnig students how to face and osvle th prboelms they are confronte instead of escape .
T repsonsibility of edcutaion institutions should be helping and guiding students to mkae their wo decisions , no mkaing decisions of studest .
manog various purposes of educaoin , in my opinnos , the most important noe is tecahin sutdenst to solev problems .
Confronting eh challenging instead of turning aside , triyng to think of possible solutoisn instead of giving up at the beginnin , lawyas being positive to unknown instead of negative and retreaitng , lal htsee ra the main reason why hte humankinds can keep miproving .
Transferring these nkowledge and expreience to youn people is ht maening of education .
If hte deucationa insttiutions always spoped students rfo trygn ju ebcause thye hvae less chanc to be sucecsfsul , we 'll never haev people such as Tohmsa Edison or laber Einstein , who were consdiered as utpid kids in shcool b did n't giev up triyng .
ocnvincnig students to take a mroe comfortable road by igving up hte possible risk is definitely ont t proper attitude t educational isntitution should have .
One may suggest tha everyone need to learn to asesss th risk ebfore invest , however , teaching tsudent how to assess not assessign for stuednts is t responsibility of eduactionla institutoins .
Tryl that knowi en 's limit is the firs step of bringing out the xaimum valeu of one 's talent .
It 's on smart to encourage poeple doing hwat exceed thri ability .
Neverthleess , hte ability of identifying limit of oneself ca be best learnde fmo xeepriences .
One would never know he / she na swim or to without jumpi int the swimming pool .
Teh respnosibility of the educational institutions is to make sure that he / s wo n't be in daneg in ht swimming pool inste of dissuading him / her from gteting cloes to the awtre .
Educatioanl sntitutions should guide students to have bteetr esl - understanding a slef - asesssing , not pesrudaing them to follow th pre - dceided roda .
Last but not leas , wta is t definiiton of " sucses " ?
Hwo do the educatoina institutions judge a student ebign likely to suceced or not ?
What if a student would rather to do smoethign he / seh likes isnetad of he / sh is good at ?
Nto everyone is livin for the kind of usccses which most pepoel agr with , suc as waelhty , mae or power .
For som epople , ilving a life which enable them do wha they like na like aht the are doing is enogu to be considered as a succsesful ilfe .
Teh mgith n be the top , but htye are esl - atcaulized and satisfied , na only in usch situation htey can provide mots to the world , ujst kie Albert Einstein ha said , " T to to become a man of success but rather to ebcmoe a man of value . "
Considerign all the abvoe , I acn no argee with ht statement th persudaing stduenst on to pursue field of study in which they hvae le possiiblity to be successful is the responsibility of t educaitonal institutions .
In my opinio , t purpose of hte deucation is to teach dn ugid studtns how to faicgn eh problsm and making their own decision proprely , not force ehm to cacept whta ahve lareday been arranged ro teh .
Contributoin
The most populra TV porgramme in Germnay is defintiely the enws programme " Tagesschau " which is airnig aobtu three tmie a d on hte channe " Das rest / ARD " .
It is a news porgarmme bsaed on well researched facts na offers a wide range of ll hte important information yo nee .
Every on a then htye even air an extra reportage on a certain fie ilk hte Eurpoaen election or t crisis in ht Ukraine .
The main reason for its popularity is it accurayc na ufnde reseahc wcih amkes it more reliabel than other news programmes .
Moreover th tyr to be interesting for la gaes so htey post on afcebook and twitter as wle whihc draws the ttention of the youngre generation to the programme .
Nevertheelss they always niform abuot eh latest ensw on hteir website and in their TV show as soo as possbile and in dadition they giev a grta overview of t ceessary backrgonud information you ende .
In my personal opinion I strongl believe that thi TV progrmam earns ist popularity .
The wya htey presen themsevle in the media and the wle funedd ersearch are turyl uinque in Gemran ensw prgorammse .
Althguh I am rraely watching the soh on TV I like hte way they ar rtying to eke up with modren technolo and tah thye are aawys manig boring nes so vivid interestign through sohrt dieo clisp , picture and thier choice of words .
If you ever ge to wacth TV in Gremayn yuo sholu definitely rt out thi interesting news programme .
Dear Emm ,
I was so gald to re yuor ltetre abuot uor n job .
How is it ?
Have you go friendly colleagues ?
Do you g along iwt oyru supreior ?
Lats summer I finlly manegd to change my broing ojb and that tiny clothes job for a better en .
I workde at the local cnimea where Fred was aslo working .
It was amazing !
We 'd ge there at abuot ahlf past egith every ady and tsarted claenign hte main room nad proceeding wiht ht smaller rooms in th cinema .
It w a lot of nu mainly because it wsa just us wto .
We 'd mek joke and chase each other with teh brooms , trying to smac the other on the head .
The ian advantage of working at teh local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the newest films .
We to to se the new Bond movie dn las hte blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
My job wa cleaning the cinema , btu Fred 's amin responsbiility was to rlo ht movie f ht cleinst , so I 'd make sure I finsihde cleaning ealrier , so I could ejno awtchnig movie with him .
But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
Hvae oy finally aksed Mark tu ?
I ca n't wait f you to asnewr .
I 'll write osno !
Love ,
For last ten years Miceal had bee wroking in a wlel - konwn company in London as an accountant .
He id ilek ih job b as we all kn , sometimes pepole usddenly fee they ha to cnage somtehin .
hte do n't nkwo excalty what they should do , wta to change - buy a new pair of shoes or mayeb do something omre - omv to a different city or eve to a foreign cotnry .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
en day he woke up much earlier ahn uesd to .
He prepared a ocffee for hismefl and turn hte TV on to watch t wes .
He sat on a osaf in front of a etlevisoin adn sdudelny he erlaised th fa that evyr omrning was exactly the same , nothign ahs changed sicne usc mna years ! "
I wo n't stand it any longer " - he thuoght .
B what to do ?
A crazy idea came to his midn .
isnec Michael was a hcild he has alwasy dreamt of movi to Autsraila , where he could parctis kitesufring for all d long , meet open - minded poelpe , hcill on a sadn beach and drink a good Australian alcohol .
" Why sohlud n't I gi ymeslf a chaec to make my dreams ocm true ?
People have only o lef , on mroe ! "
At th memnt he was ertty sure what to do now .
He took a sheet of paper na a pen and started to wriet .
Aft 10 minutes a resignation letter w ready to bring it to Michael 's boss .
He arrived on ht company as quiclk as the crowded London 's streets allowed him .
" I need to talk to boss " - he asid to Jane , the mni secretary of eh cmopany .
Without waiting ro her answer , he ujts ewnt into the offic , agve to imke , his boss fo 10 years , an envelope with a resignation ltete an lef .
It al otko abuot 3 minutes .
Michael csoed the door and knew at tha memnt he ahd made a mistak .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want fo no apparent reaosn tu some tohre tmise we kno exactly where we ar gettni into .
Michael ha caeted on her and he did it consciously .
There sa no w to shine a different light to that fact .
He tride in his mind to go back to that moment , hwne his lisp were getting closer to ajn , to that last olok ebfor hte erbace , to eh previous smile .
Thre was no en lese to blame but him .
Regret h been ifllin up ihs so since last Friday .
He cuold not keep hi betrayal inside a longer so he entered hte livin room a told her .
hte words coming up fro ihs mouth ilk a litany , amlos mechaincally as he relaized hta tree wsa no utrnin bca .
Taers ran dwo archle 's face .
No worsd , to a single comment .
She just stood up , took re purse , and left .
Th relieve of telling her was nisatntly erpalced by a bitter hollowness .
He now relaized .
He d n't do it of her , he only did it for ihmeslf , to eg ri of his burden but it aw far oo la .
Micheal colse the door and nke at that mmoent he had amed a mistake .
ht ebauitful Game
Glitz , lgmaour and popularity ; trhee words whic are foten linde to ht world of foobtall nad this sport in no odubt one of the fniest that man h cretaed .
T tsars playing this gma add to teh alerday amassed recognition of the soprt .
Weekends would be a rdga if amtch days were no on televison .
eh 90 imuntes is hte most enjoyde time of the week though becaus of teh darenalin rhs that is sascoiated iwth every tnig thta is done on ht pict .
As a fan spuporitng a team is just one part of the sport .
Rivalires , arguments on which etma is the bteter aem and watchin mcthes in a group ujs adds to hte excitemetn .
Tsee are sut some of hte ma things that kae me lo thsi sport so much .
In the 12s century , avdcie is somethign th is only given dn htat giev adcie is never taken .
With regard to this psrot na davice in my opinion is a good advi and I have just a single advice fo a person starting thi psor na thta advcie would be to enjyo everytihng rleaetd to the psor .
Noawdays studetns need to learn bot lnaugage a mathematics unt go to universiyt , even smoe of them still need to stu htem in the unievristy .
A alreg number of examlpes prove that some of them are good at algnuage whreeas others ra skilled in mathematics .
This essya iwll discuss ht differences and similairteis ofr laernnig a language and learning mathematics .
hte yas of learning a languga and mathematics are different .
F studyin a alnguage , people need to communiact wiht othres to improev their pseaking and listeinng levels nad read variety of voerseas book to inceras hteir aeding adn writin skills .
Furthermore , people need to hva a good mmeor to remember a lar number of words .
In general , studying a language ofcsues more on a large acocnut of inviidual efofrt and littl talnet .
Hoewevr , for learning mathematics , studtns nee to ilsten craefluly in the class and find some rules to solev quetsinos . Isntaed of rote learingn , they sohudl remebmre different tyep of formulas by prtcicing in a mass of examplse .
To s up , teahcres , sklil a talent are more ipmortant ofr learning matehmatisc .
However , ther are sem similaritise for those wt subjects .
Firstly , both thsoe cours need to do a mass of practices , even the ways are idfferent .
Peolpe ne to spe a huge accou of time on doing exericse fater class .
Secondly , asscoiability is important for both languages and mathematics .
For example , when people leanr a new wdr or a formula , tehy need to thikn aobtu how to use it in real sentence or exercsies .
In conclusion , poelpe ene to ifn a rigth wa whic acn save much time na energy to sutyd thes two sbujects .
It is eh mo important htin that they should think about craefully ebfore ehy sttr thier study .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrnat city and a neighbor of Hong okng - is a remarkable plaec th I clal home .
omts Shenzhen residents come orm differetn culutral backgrounds a speak varisu regnoal dialects .
Meanwhile , we embrac a superordinate Sheznhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , toleranc , an creatiivty .
Our differecnse , it seesm , do not maek a difference .
However , teh young I soon discovered htat some dimensions of difference do carry socia significance .
As a cihl who ddi to play with " boys ' otsy " and identifeid as gay later , I sa often sujbected to disda and hotsility rfom epesr and daults .
Irnoically , the magrinalziation comes not only from society at large , bu laso from within the gay comnuity .
A feminine gay na is considered as elsesr tha hi masculine coutnerpart , because feminintiy is regarded as weak , unattarctvie , an second - class .
htis experience of amplified imnoriyt stress prompted me to think about interrgoup and intragroup nitreaction early in ilfe .
It has led me to believe that masculinity shoul not be an indicator of individual owrth .
onr should sexualti , sni color , and other identiyt marres - whether visible or invisible .
Aan kn th was going to be a very speical day for her .
That morning hs woke up in a vre ogod omod .
It was the da of her birthdya , so eh decided to go ou with friends .
hs hcose ltilte , coys restuarant enra her house .
She did to suspect tah it lil be suc a wonderful eevnnig .
As soon as Anan dn her rfiensd came into restauran everything started to go perfect .
Then all to sceial coltehs na dressde up in clooufrul , odl - fashined derssse .
ht moment the door oepend was the omst exciitng in Anna 's life .
She jumepd for yo .
She said to freinsd : ' This is best aprty eevr !
Thank you so much ! ' .
hs satrted to dance with double Presley , laguh and appreciate eevyr snigel minute .
As it turne out later , to Anna 's surpris , it was ehr byofirend dressed as Presle .
She wa embarrassed that s did not recognise him .
But immediately seh realize th it was noe of hre freinds ' rticky pna and s tsrated to lau with the .
Afetr a few exciting hours of hte party she sai thakn you to re friend na boyfrined nad promisde she will enver forget what teh d of her .
She went to slee tih belief that sh is the happiest girl in th world .
The laahmbra
Th Alhambra is a beautiufl palace which is situtaed in Granada , in the sotuh of Spain .
Its historical importance iles in the fac that hti place represent the fll of the Musli iknddo in my country .
ht Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdina , had tride of sevreal years to defeat the muslims , who at thi time , only remained seated in the city of rganaad .
hte Alhambra Paalce was th residence of Boabdil , the last Muslmi kign , wh was defeated in 1492 after dleivering Granad to the Catholic Monarchs .
Nowdaasy , tih palace is oen of the omst visitde places here in Spain because of i beatuy and its impressvie courtyards .
You ca see the histoyr of ht Reconquets in st walls dn towres .
I usrruondings are als wonderful , and the city inivtes you to psen more tim in the Alahmbar , on of hte lsat Muslim palaces in th wro .
Hi Paul ,
Ho a you doing ?
I haven't seen oy for lamos tow months but , as y kno , on November I had a on of a kin possiiblity to help at a concert hta took place on ariport runway dn it was simply amazing xeperiecne !
I 'm user uo do know tha I 'm obssesed with orck mus and that is why I oclud n't miss eh boat .
An event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers hwo had sgined a contrac had to owr rfom 8 a.m. Evertyhin has to be perfect during such evetn so we had no time to erla or eev e a decent meal !
The wohl process of leling hte itckest was afscinatign ebcause of eh demdn f them .
People looked ilk aggressive monsters an I realised that thye are lcos to kill thier eevyr single ' rila ' .
Security guards had a lo of work to do but htakns to them we stand a chance to dela tih other problems , as ofr exmapel regultaing the qauliyt of sound .
I was incredibly voerjyoed when ht culmination came .
A band was playing , we wer enjoying umsi and it seemd taht there wli be no more moplications .
What oy actually think in such an extarordniary momne is that fie colu n't be more beautiful .
Take care , apul .
When oyu coem to my town , we 'll go out to a rock cnocert tgoteher ! Ca n't awit !
Warm regards
Aadm
Hi aplu ,
juts a qucik answer to your request .
I do n't ha mcuh itm , because I 'm taking off in 10 mnitues to hpl at another cnocert .
So , the dael is , I met tih ugy in teh bra , Ron , and we started tlaknig .
After a few drinks I to him that I 'm currenly looking for a jbo , nothing ib , just a couple of housr during wekeneds to gathre some omney for my jourye to Ntehelrands .
Remember , I otdl oyu baout it las time , hwe we m Jenny .
Anyway , it turned ou tta the guy wkrs in this agneyc , they organsie conctrs , parties na stuff kie hta , and he offerde me th ojb !
The perefct one !
It 's ltierally 10 - 15 hou on rfidays nihgts nad Saturadsy , sfuf like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with muciians ) , tyding after ( findgn thgns , like wallets an cellphones ) dn genarlly sepkaing - hleping .
Last ewek I worked most time iwht the manager of hte Koo .
I wetn to Krakow and sepnt all da " planning " their stay in Poland .
In fact I ah to be everywhere iwt th guy , sut hanging and helping him on to get olst in the icyt .
He 's a really nice ug , durign the coecrt we had a few rdink , smoked osem fags together .
I tell oyu , I mte so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember theri names .
The salar is nci ot .
Usuayl I gte 12 PNl pre hour ( yaeh , I know , It 's kie 2,50 pounds , ub here it 's qiute good ) tu sometimes I te some extra mnoey for staying atfre huosr or when I do something unusual to hel .
Last time it was fo example delivering my rdun bos home ;)
I have to go onw .
Take care dn call me on Sykp tomorrow - I 'll etll yuo so muhc omre , I have plent of unbelievable stoeis !
Cheer ,
Are
Pet looked at his watch and knew thta he had to do somtehign immediately .
He said to himself : What ahv I done ?
Why have I killed ih ?
I 'm a cehmist I ca n't kill people becasue I watned to .
He had to take eh man 's body and hid it osmewhere .
ht polic wsa gon na moe in any tmie .
He grabbed hte boyd na put it on teh car 's trunk .
He we to si al a showde his partner hte edad body .
Hi pratner said : M , we hev to do something and quick .
Tye grabbed the body and osaked him on ufel .
Tehn they net to t dead man 's ac adn up mi in tehre .
Late , when they were sure that htere weer no no enar they burned the car .
Teh killres partne felt guilty fo a mome ub htne the kill told h : ' He earned it .
He tried to kill me after kliling lto of other epople . '
Saddly ht police found out tha it was them .
Thanks that th ujdge 's best frien da been killed by t ma the chemist killed so they went uot rfee an withuot bad feelign .
A moedrn interpretation of Austen 's Classic olve Stoyr
The glorious world of Jane suten is brought bakc to th silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 Brtiish film based on the novel of the mae ittle , published in 1813 .
Joe rwihgt idrects htis uplifting aadpttaion , which dpeicts t five Bnene issters , who hav been brought up to egt married .
eh enthusiatsic na clever Elizabeth stands otu aomng th rtiving to put veerythin in a broader perspective .
Howeve , their hwol lives wil be turned spide down hwe an elegible bcahelor adn h friends se up hom in a close mansion .
Surprsiingly enuogh , psarsk fl hwne spirited Eliazbeth Benne ( Keira Knihgltey ) meets isgnle , rcih , and pruo Mr. adcry ( Mattehw Macfdayen ) .
All in lal , wli each one be able to ovecrmoe their own pride and rpejudice ?
Keira Knightley , in ht laed role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
In afct , the iflm , wle csa frmo ot to bottom , is hhglighted by a compelling sonudrtack an a est of buatiful English locations , as in mnay Biritsh productions .
In this apatation , hte screenwirte makes some usbstantail altertaions to eh noevl .
ehrefore dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumse and hairstyles ra meatn to give it greater publ appeal , sacrificing historical accuarcy .
Thu , evrlapping idlaogues rae itnroduce in a mxitur of moednr idi and archaic sentence strucutre , esvearl scenes haev been shitfed to omre romantic settings , adn the proxiimty of t Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illurtate thei relative opvrety in contrast iwth teh irch characters of the story
To cnoclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation hwcih compeltel bewitches you with an exquisite blend of meotio nad wti .
In aftc , in its finla minutes , it makes you bleieve , for one msity - eyed moemn , in true lvoe an in order reigning in hte univres .
By the way , if you ahevn't se this romantic , fnun , well - acted adn well - scripted fiml yte ; gi it a tyr !
Dear Sir / Mada ,
I am writing in orde to apply fro the positio in yuor lim Culb for studenst of Englihs .
I am 45 yeras old ma and I hvae plenty of experience in working wti people .
I used to wor with young people in primayr a secondary scohols teaching Spanish alngauge .
Although I tsill have not sased hte CfE ema I am ucrretnly working hard to fulfil th goal vre soon .
Above lal I am interested in fimls .
csienc ficiton rae my fvaourit ty of films becuas I like to levae benid normal life neverhteless , I enjoy la kinds of tehm shc as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and eevn silent films .
I thi I am rihg for the position becuaes I think I can boost the moitvatio of th poeple about mvoie and push the up to share thri particular piotn of view .
As f as teh job is cocnern working on Monday nad Wednesday evening would be prefetc for me because I am currently nuemployed .
Please feel fere to ask for further information if yuo nede it .
I loo forawrd to hearing from you very soo .
Yuors faithfulyl ,
Juan
edar James ,
Thank you ofr accpeting our nivitation to igve a talk at our clu .
O culb members er thirleld knowing th an international sprost tsar lkie oy is comign to see them .
In reference to the speech date , the best would be ujen 12 in eh evening , whe all the mmeebrs wil haev ifnisehd their classes at school .
The chilrden are aged between ten and sixteen and tye enjoy playin football adn swmiming .
I 'm sure we 'll a enjoy your speech .
aht bauot talking abuot fari lpa at sport and hwo to become a sports tsar ?
We believ htat fair play is a vyr impoatnt topic ebcause children msut laern to bheaev propeyl when lpayign a spotr .
Also , we tihkn that becoming a sports star is difficult a it owuld be a good ieda to talk about it becasue smoe of the club mmebers wrnolgy think it is easy to succeed playing a soprt .
Lkoing fowrrad to seenig you on 12 June .
Kind regrasd ,
John
I love to write .
It is a methdo I use to ralx , unwin nad revive msyefl .
Our mni is awlays full of thougth .
Some of the thoughts make us smile , so frown .
But all these ra addrseesd through rwitign .
Writnig shuold be doen naturall ; noly then it sreves ist real prupoes .
I have written amn peoms , few articles a eevn a few stories .
It is certainly a lpeasure to write an al reading wh I hav written , after a nog time .
amny timse readni my nw poems and aritclse is a surprising experience . "
Am I the sa person woh wrote this ?
" I ask myself , wondering how did I ocme up wit some ideas and words tha seme just so good dn uncmomon irhgt no .
Othe than ymself , I have had few people reading hwa I haev writtne ; evr f , I umts say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; an tehy were not critic or exeprst .
So , I have yet to sbumit myslef to osm serious criticism ( well , calling my writinsg iletrature is a hgue joke in itslef ... aynwya ) ; but yes , I wolu lik to plcae my wirttne works ( however small na few they m be)f qualitaitve discussions in front of pepoel who real can dientify the good adn the ' not - so - godo ' rwiting .
I would like gteitng gdo advice baou how na I amke mysefl a better write .
Let 's see when dn h that happens ... !
It 's evry common to hra people talkign about friendshi , b ra we sure abotu the era meaning of it ?
Do we know what does it mean to be a friend ?
Firstly we ought to ocnsiedr that friendship is not uniquley a human emtoion .
Friendship is overall an acto of wlil .
Friendhsip is a tpye of loev whic is cahracterized by ebing incondicional , reciprocal , nad erayd to rogive each other .
A freind is a traesure , as the title of that adventure - coemyd film , somebdoy you can share your problems iwt .
Somebyd who liste to uo talking abou your erams dn iwshes , your expectations an yo efforts a sacriifce to get them , your plans for th future , and moreovre pyas specail attentoin on tems of cirssi .
Tsi is why ht members of my family are my best rfiends .
My faliy loves me hwateevr I thnik or whatever I do , no amtter if it is correct or nto .
They lev me just because I am me , fo who I am .
They ra alawys going to etll me the truth although thi trtuh oculd hurt me , beacuse they alyas awnt me to be happy .
Fnially , htey warn me of danger ub they le me do , vene if in the e I 'd mkae a ibg mistake . They 'd keep always coles to me and neither wuold fia .
They feel happy whe I am happy , teh ar sad when I am sad , htye enojy themselves with my scucess .
They are , definitely , my best friends .
The painting is an maazing one na on shuold dfeinitley take a loko at it in ored to appreciate its full beauty .
Th Man Lisa is perhsp Leonadro Daivnc 's most fmaous of panitinsg .
It is an oil painting , painted on popalr wdo .
The painting is most famous for t smile of the woman , hwich peolpe ahve bene trying to decihpre for a olng tiem .
Many belieev that t portrait is that of DaVinci himsefl , while many also place a l mystic connections wi th painting .
The portait depicts a wmoan 's bust , wit a distatn landsca that is visible in the backdrop .
Leonardo used a pyramid design to nistall the woman in a simple nad calm manner within ht painting .
The woman is shown with her han folde , wht hre breast , nekc , and face painted the sa colo as h hands .
The lig is diffused so taht teh vairuos curves an geometrical shap on ht painting are mad visible through it .
Perhaps the most interesting tihng bauot the painnig is t woman 's smile .
Man believe that it is inoncnet and inviitng , while oehrs belive it is taht of smugnses and is a smirk .
Mnay scientific studies have bene undertkaen to edtemrine the exact nature of the msile and teh rea reosn remains a myetry .
It is believe that every eprosn esse the smil diffeerntly because of t hcanges in the lightin htta Leonardo presented .
The woamn is shown seated in an oep area , and behind her is a vsat landscaep , hwich recedes to an icy mountain .
Some wniidng paths and a far waya irdge is laos perceptible in the background .
The painting is an aamzin one a on should definiley take a lo at it in order to apperciate it full beaut .
The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvr , in Paris .
Over the past fwe years , the niterne has ebcoem an impotrant part of our lvies .
We us it to communicate with friends , to play gmaes , to awcth sreise , hte ils is endless .
Unfortunately , it is no perefc .
Because the more peolpe es hte Interne , the greater the chances are of peopl misuisng it .
Luckily , the governmnet intreevnes to preesrve the safet of the Intnret .
Waht it comes dow to is , hsoudl hte Itnerent be more tightly controlled by governments ?
Without t niterference of the govermnent , cirminlas may see their chances to take advanatg of niternet usres .
Teh could get inot our computers dn stela uor information .
hte coudl use that ifnormation to te itno our bnak accounts nad steal our monye .
Howevre , if the government were to monitor the citizens actiosn more lcosely , it wolud be considered an invasio of ru pirvacy .
Nobody wants to ahve htier private data to be exposed to hte eye of ht governmen .
htis brings me to the nex issue .
The reason why the government even atek actino is to esnure people are albe to enjoy t itnernet , ubt a mer tgihtly controllde internet would destroy thta purpso .
Everybody ilke to hvae the rfeedo to explore eh internet .
So hte would not appreciate it if ther were suddenly resrtictinos p on hte .
To us things up , ht government hsoudl n cnotrol t internet more tigthly .
It is fin the way it is rigth on .
That way , the sot of th truobl would be ke waay fmo th intrenet whli at teh asm time , t internet users wolud still ahv ht freedom to explore the wbe .
Ar ppole born violent or do they becom violetn bceaues of how the are rbougth up ?
H ddi we become the person we ar ?
Is there something hta makes us unieu ?
Is it the nees we ar born wtih ?
Or are we a prdoutc of uo own lives ?
It is clear htat genes play a very improtan par in hte person we a .
Fmail characteristics ushc as ey nad hia colour are inherited by children from ehir parent as wlel as some diseaess a menat disordesr .
Therefore , what we need to nosider is wehther ru personality and personal slils are bo or amed .
Those who lod htat nature ahs a stronger influence htan nurture on devleoipng uo persoanl iedntity will claim that certia perosnality traist ar als determined by our gnee .
Nevertheless , iedntical iwns htat were separated when th ewr evyr yonu and have been raise in idfferent environmnets show differences in their personalities .
This provides evidence that li experiences and surroudning where yo rgo up have defined hte kind of person y ra tdoay .
Regarding eprsonal skills , there are a lar nmube of acses in which childrne were obrn gifted for ht same field as their parents ahving great potential of a specific tr or science since early cihlhdood .
ohweevr , natru does n't always endow us iwth inbron abilities .
For isntanec , praents tend to insti theri nw passions in their cihldre an , consqeuently , htey wll ilkely be interseted in t same caademic or atristic eild .
According to this fact , apretns ofet shape their children 's lives encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
Likewsie , sem peolp up their sucecss in lief odw moer to thie parnet 's trainign htna to their innate atlents .
So , to cocnulde we owlud have to areu htat both ntaure and nutrure mek us woh we are .
As I see it , pesronla identity is t result of the intercation of our gneetic srtucture a the envriomnent ihch surrounds us .
Th proelm is how to separat these ow influences an how to fi out which ht storngest is in each cas .
edra Ira !
Thnaks a lot f oyu lette .
It was fun to rda as alwa .
Yo new freinsd ese to be craz guys , in a ogod way , of corues .
I aws so surprised to aer yuo isgnde up f a new itnerior design cuosre ebacuse it 's usch a coincidence that I 'm planning to do sometnig wi my bedroom in the near ftuure .
As I 've og so extar money at last , I tihnk It 's high mie ro me to tihnk ohw to kae it coz and cmofortable .
I hpo y do n't mind if I ask uo some questions .
Firs , I htikn about painting the walls in awr colors ( parciot , salom or wram beige ) . I thuohgt you imhgt add moe omer niterestnig color to the list .
Do yo think a wa mural is a ogod decisoi f the bedroom a wha otehr « pseical effects » would you recommend ?
I completely rely on your tast as we 've always been on eh same wavelength .
Now , teh toughest questions . I 've to no cl whta to do tih the ceilin .
The idea of apinting it white seems ot obring to me and I 'm completley out of my dpeth with ll ihs en stuff for ceiling in shops , ubt I 'm sure oyu 're an expert !
The floor is asl a problem .
I want it to look beautiful , be eys to aws and not expensive at the asme time .
I 'm wonderni wta oy would suggest .
I hpo I do n't bother oy ot much with my redeocrtaion , knownig ohw bus you er .
Ca n't awit to hear wta y 've been up to thsi weekend .
All t bts
Nathsa
CNoEvNIENCE IS To THE MOS MiPORTATn
Nowadasy , every one of us travels a olt .
We do that fo work or to fanlly g a set .
I , as a youn women , suuall travel jsut as a hobby .
Sicne the tecnhoolgy ah improvde in recnet eyasr , we now have a huge variety of difefrent awys to rtavel .
Is it opssibl to hcoos whic one is th be ?
The most common answe would be rpobably teh lpaen .
htere are so many advantages .
It is hte fastest and the omts comfortable oen .
Of cosre , for these facilities oy have to ya a lto of money dn that coul be a orblem ro smoe epolpe .
ht next one is boa .
It cuol also be eralyl comfortable b we do n't us it often .
It 's omr fro exoti trips .
rtavelling on a boat for sure is a great advetnure .
Bu tree is also an inconvenience - it is alos expensive .
dn it is ha to lpan a trpi like this .
What about teh trian thne ?
This is the bset option fro me .
In my country trains are n't really sat dn hteer could be problems durnig the trip ubt that 's for me makes it more intreesting .
During teh rtip you c do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and making uf .
It is aslo quite safe so yo do n't ha to worry aobut the caicdents .
I wihs I cuodl travel every day .
T trip is an adevntur and the ways y can travel er a big part of it .
Evne though a mode of transportation is ont bad , f me ht tarin is the best potoin .
back in 2010 , I travleed fmo Porto Alegre to aso Pluo by car , a cruse that otok 18 hours dirving straight , surle very fe people would consider it convenient .
acsr are handy a driving can be pleasant , but only wh eh rdiver is in good modo , wti no tarfifc jam or craters on the road ( realyl common siutatoins in Brazil ) .
isnec aicent time exsit pulbi rtasnport , a it suffered numerous attempt of assassination , in Chnia for eaxmple , the dynasty Yu prohibited pubil transptr ( at that age , charriots ) because of fra that Han epopl could plot dn irot agains monogl 's dtcatorship in it ; the stiuation ivnerted at early scoialis regim when , in 690 , M conisdered personal cars as instrument of opression and symbol of edivlish capitalism .
Of cousr , none of these ardical measures last lnog against t very basci human instinct : lazines .
we haev cars so we do n't hvae to wa , in the saem fashion , people who ca n't affodr a ra wil want pbulic transport , even if a ibk could be th soluitno .
The convenienec h liltle to do with the fate of public trapsort , countries with hig HDI(covnenienec to be drive ) , like Germany nad England , ar those iwth better upblic transrot system , na they a even boosting it .
Unles moe extraordinary mutation happens and chnage us to some laro - lovers , eprsnoal ras and publci transport will rule side by side f lal eterniyt .
UAs UsMMER CPmS APPLIAcTINo .
Hi ! My name is Aleixa , I am twnety - three eyars lo and I live in Argetina .
I am a lawre and I olev to trvael .
I lpay hoceky an basketball , two sports aht are simply perfect .
I hva been learnig Englis of a wihle , I am sensitive a posiitve person , full of energy and willing to have nwe adventures .
I have experience at taking care of children and it is a tas that I erally ejno .
What I fancy eh most of being with young chilrde is th ener that htye ahv and ohw innocnet and peaceful teh can be .
I thin I mihgt be a sutiable pesron for the ojb because I hva already work with kdis , epsecailly at teaching and having fun .
As I have alrealdy said , I paly sports htat is why I could be helpful at organizing spor and veening activties .
An lsa ub no elsat , I am an excelnet cooker .
I learned how to cook when I was ieght , so I am pretty much confidente adn wll prepraed .
Actually , my family is huge so I can cook big aomutns of foo iwt my ow recip whhc are tasty dn uqcikly in order to feed all the kids in a glimpse .
If you get to iher me yo wouln't ergert it .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
Th dairgams vviildy ohw us the process of making abnikng notes .
eh proecss na be divdide nito three sectisn .
Above ll , it 's a signfiiacnt stpe to make a good deisgn , in which background coluo , artwrok dn escurity are teh mni considerations .
Thne it coems to the prpeartaion of metal pltaes and that enesd skillde machinists .
Oln after all the work abvo is compleetd , acn printing step be carrei out .
Teh seco estcion is printing .
Ehc shte ocntains 50 bank noets .
Teher may be several colousr on bht sdies of bank notes .
To mkae ser of hte printing ffect , spical ink has to be used .
seides , hte iamges c be slightly rasied .
fater printing , there is mhc omre wrok to be dno .
Th oms important ste is inspcetino manully .
After tha , ogod uqality sheets na abn not sepraaetd from aptrially damagde shtes will be package an idtsributed .
Bad sheets adn bank onte wi be sceureyl destroed .
Intorduciton :
The iam of this rperot is to gvie so inforamtio about the ragne of exciting aitvities aht peopl acn do in our area .
Water sports :
There ra lots of places where you can do water soprts like scuba divin , windsurfing , sufrnig , go on a baanna ub , kayaking … The Costa Brava is eh perefct plca to do water sports ebcaues tehr is a lot of iwnd and good weahter .
Winter sports :
In winter oyu na go skiing or sonwborading in the Pirineus .
There a near to France adn Andorra .
There ra lo of ik sttaion tih go ski spoes of differen leevls with difefrent colours , the greens are the easiest adn blacks aer the mos difficult .
Montmeló :
In taalonia the is an important race trkc weher t ca of Formula 1 raec .
When there is n't any race you can go and yr difefernt caing cars or if yuo want you can go and arc a bike on th race track .
ocnclusion :
To sum up I think that if oy wna to do exciting soprts Cataloina is a goo place where you ca ifn ltos of different sports na you can chooes what to do , b if uo do n't want to do sports you ca do another activities or go on interesting plecs .
imchale had laerady woken up when ihs mother 's alarm clcok started ringing .
He got up as quietl as he could nad waited nutli he tsopped hearing his motehr talking to ehrsefl , wcih meant sh had headed to the kitchen .
Michael ken ih mother ha planned on baking a cka .
He hi enar the door , whe he ocul wacth of a chacne to rty the cream without being noitced .
He waited for wh seeemd like an eternity until he saw her lvaing ht kithcen wht Mcihale 's father 's breakfts .
It was hsi hcance .
' I must ekep an eye on teh door ' he umttered as he entered . '
If seh finds out I w here , hse 'll ikll me ' .
Michael rtie the rceam adn tohguht that he mother would n't ntocie it if he ta another bit . '
Atfer la , what I had was so infinitesimal that I cuol bareyl tast it . '
ebfroe he cuodl ontice , the eram was lal gone .
It sa mie to ecsape , eve though ih mothre would find o who ate it eevntually .
Michael closed the odo dn knew at htat mometn he hda made a mistake .
Chpatre 9 : The KM-3J : hte second confronttaion
That night th time flew by , but thgns started to ge weird , Marcsu was tkling wiht an uastralian guy about the proofs tah he had found reltae to dniosaurs , he aw inetrested in them , ubt Marcus ddi n't ilke his opnit of view abo tohs speices , the guy told h tehy wre bad creatures wti no feeligns , a Marcus thoguht they were awesome and t most lovely creatures he da never heard aobu , the guy thought Macrus was craz , so he flew for teh Fdeera Palace .
Meanhwile , Mark and Micahe we laking wht Russain laides , they ewre beautiuf a flawelss , the scientists started talking baout science nad that sort of thing , and usddenly teh ladies vanisehd , the men started crying .
Jcak , wsa argunig wi an officer about Mexico conquest ( ht foficre di n't udnerstnad anything because Jack was drunk ) , dn suddeyl , th ofcier otok fo his costume dn a srtnage amks , and in taht moment … Jack was asotnisehd because teh offiecr was not an officer , he w Brad !
Jakc tri to confrtn him , but as so as he teid to do tah , he snpaped ihs finres and a l of people came around him , he da a en tema , he decided to anm them " The KM-3J " , a ivllain tema , theri names wer akrolina ( eh decide to cahgne his name like htat bceaus he used to say that that ltete wsa re favorit en ) , Melanie , Miye ( tehy ewer toh twin , eh most beautiflu laidse of hte world ) , Max , hw sa an expert in the militar fled , dn Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known ih lats nam until htat mometn : Junior , he aw embarrassed about it , he wsa descendant of a weird woma , however eh was her mother .
The KM-3J put ajkc inot an immnees b , they were plnanin to kill him na place his dea obdy in a grave , in thta awy theri firneds would fnid ih burei , but they wer nto that evil , they jsut put mi tno a dark room adn tied hi hand in a chari , it was exactly teh same tihng he was rdeamed about .
Whel Jack aws htere , he headr Brad atlikng with Max aobu hteir new plan , it was related to a gigantic weopn that would shoot toxci wastes at New oyrk ciyt , so in htat way , eevrybody woudl becoem a zmobi .
The bulk of teh popultaion from en York w homeless because there has just been a horirble war ebtween N Yokr Ctiy and California , howeevr , increasingly refined byd tcehnologise lalwoed N oyr to w th wra .
Jack was frightened , ub suddnel he heard the door opening and saw hteri friend rseciung h , tye da us some weapons from Th King of the Syk , tehy g itno the room a started shotonig while Michael w unleashing Jack form the cahri , accidentalyl , Makr killed imle hwile he was shooting , all eh body parts ewre sctatere on t floor , he di n't acr baotu adn fl with the others .
Jcak fainted wihel their freidns ewr resiung mi .
Wh they arrived at mainland , Jack woek up , the was n't anyone auond hmi , there was just sand and eh beach …
Comrot , time and internal aece are required to amke learning efficient .
Hence , it is not possilbe to do job adn study side by si .
Occupation na edcuatino ditsrub one another .
I tsrnogly oppes th statement beacuse ahdnling bot thes togteehr is easily possbile tih stron willpower .
I will elabotae points to uspoprt my opinio in the further parargaphs .
Firstly , there er a l of people in western countries , who do a part - time stduy and wor full - time or viec - versa .
It all depends on the preference of t nidividuasl .
If they want to bear some hassle nad become more productiv in their life , thye can maaneg both tihngs side by side .
This not only makes them nkowledgeable ub icnrease hteir potetnail as well .
Secondyl , there er a few aprenst who can not ebra t xepenses of their ihld 's educaiton .
Resultantly , tehy up their cihldre into sem labor so that teh ac era moeny fro the family .
But it does not mean that t child has to abandno his rdeam of acquiring education .
Wtih firm determination , thye cna continue their educaitno and wrok to feed tehri faliy as wle .
Finally , osmetmies ppole thni they hev copmleted theri deucation , ubt when they egt a full - tim job , htey realize tha dilpoam or edgre can increase the chnacse of promotoin .
Moreover , sem emlpyoers select the potential employee fr colleges while htye a studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because hte s their profit in hta investment .
Hnece , sutdyin na worki isde by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
In conclusion , wokring and studyin is very umch posisbl .
It ju depends on the eddication and deterimnation of t preson .
People hsoul do both stdu and rok side by isde to mak themselves mor siklled and capable .
Mrac 21st , 2070
rms akte Ashby
Manager of rgene eppper Caef
Dear Mrs Asbh ,
I irte to uo to epxerss my interest to papl f the weekend owrker job that aws ptsed on yuo cafe doo .
I beileve I am a ogo fit f this task since I had previous expeeince worikng in simil jobs .
I am good at edaling with people .
I demonstrated cuotreous nad prfoessoinal attitude and achieved a high raitgn in eh cuotmer satisfaction survey .
I am also interested in idffeernt kinds of ofod and diffreetn ciusines .
I am prepraed to work olgn hours and atek shifts tae in the evening since I live enarby .
Moreover , I have edcuation in the field of cutsomre service scne I finisde a customer service training cuosre at Gegre Wihte Cllege .
I cacpet feedback fr peer and management and improve my performance .
I am also a quick learner and adapt to different workign environments .
Plaese find my resum attached to htsi ltete .
Thank you for yuor time and ocnsideratino of my erusme and I ook forward to sepaking wit you .
Sincreely your ,
mo
wo ddi this happen ?
oh can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and ei with my ebautiufl wi ?
The day had n't ebe planned to ne with a date night .
Tehn it all dawned on me .
I 'd been set up .
Dpude , so to say , into tihs unlikely eevnt , a dta inght .
H lpna aws so clvere and deceptive as to escape detection until the lsat cadr ha bee palyed .
Oh , my iwfe is clever .
When excatyl did teh deception beg ?
Was it hte patr which lasetd nutil 3 am the night before ?
Was it at the invitaion to the wedding trhe weeks ga ?
How af back colu it possbily go .
Whe was tihs see planted in my wfi 's brain to have a date night iwht me all dressed up and fomra ?
So many twist a turns - she playde her crads well , I envre suspetcde while stiting in t pews enxt to my wife thta ehn she leaned forward with a pained exrpession on her faec hta the evinng wou e at D'el Arte .
Nor wh ehr codnitio appearde to wosre a I decide to go egt the acr to tka hre to the doctor 's office , nor when I returned to ifdn her liygn on ht clod hard tsone floor of the church clud I have ever miagined we would be enjoyin a quiet evenin together sharing entrees adn desserts .
Nor could I have cocneievd atfer havnig multiple peopl help clailng ht ambulance , whic never came , or ht friends who called my in - laws to cmoe take care of the kisd , tta we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evenin .
No , none of htese things would ha perpaerd me for eh reilef I woul efel fater waiting 4 hours in eh meegrency romo that her pains wer probably on intecrostal muscle apins and teh test for something roe serious ewr all negative .
Honestly dear , xet time just ks me .
I 'll s yes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing as an answer for an advertisement ofr a bo in the U .
I am fourteen yesr old na interested in tihs job nad eblieve I have the qualifications .
I think I would be fi for ihs job , becaus I am young , energetic , etnuhsiastic and ha awlay enjoyed working with children .
I ca pseka neglsih sicne I used to avctaion in Australia as a cihl .
I would be heplufl in hte kitchen as I used to wo aptr - tem in my uncle 's erstauratn .
I rge up wit two yuogner brothsr and ude to look fater them theerfore I am sued to dealing wit younegr kdi .
I c las help organise any actviit , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with chidlern between the agse of six and ten years dl .
In my ipnion this jo would be a great , heplful xeperienec .
I ho uo conisde my applitaion and olok fowrard to hearing from yuo soon .
Yousr faithfully ,
Cassie L.
Dear ri / Madam ,
I have jsut seen oyur advertisement f a jbo in your summe acmsp .
I 'm Antnooi Trevisano del Bron , an Italian 15-yera - old teenager , adn I have tsudied English since I was 7 .
I 'm still improving my neglihs ksills with a Candaia teachre .
I am a really psorty person and I htikn I would be the pers who y ra looknig f because I 'm really caapbel and patient with chdlren .
In fatc , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 yras .
So , I do n't find diffiucl to organize ocmpetition or actviiteis fo hcildern .
I 'm a really cheerful preosn and , though I am 15 , I 'm keeping up iwht the kids ' world .
I think it hsuold be eays for me to help in the ikthcens because I acn cook veyr wlel .
Thsi is the experience which I 've been awitin fro for ages !
Please do n't hseitat to ocntac me ! I 'm reall looking fowrard to your reply .
Yoru sincerely
natonio rtevisaon le Brnuo
ifrst of all , I tihkn , to st young , you need a goal in life .
I already h mine as a teenager .
In my tnes , I was fsacinaetd by planes .
My ogal I decdied then , was to bceom a pilot hwe I grewn up .
I ha always tired to live for teh futur nad n fret baout the past .
This has leped keep me young .
Bedies we lal hva our close clls in li in one w or another .
Like the one I ahd in 192 and al because of a parachute .
It was a foggy January mornign and I had ogen to ernwe my pito 's licence .
eh waether reprot said the ceiling was at 108 metres .
ub at 360 emtres , I was still surrounded by heavy of .
Suddeln my plane began to act up , I was losign cnotorl .
I sent the plane into a depe dive an naded safely .
I looked at t plnae and realized I forgo to tie the parahcute codr to teh palen .
Thank God I di n't jumped or I woul have bene a ' dead duck ' f sur !
My anem is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I lvoe tkaing care of kids .
My mo has a kindergarden adn I love helping her o .
Erey usmmer I hle my mom 's summer camp , ubt it 's a summe acmp of babies na I woudl ilke to work w old children becaus I thnik it 's mo challneging . I owuld loev to work at a palecacross th US .
I 'm a hard owrker and I always love fniishing smoehting that I start .
I always mka sure to eg what I awnt adn I do n't tspo until I te it .
I am alos very energetci , plafyul a creative .
I am ve godo at atristic things , ushc as , drwanig , paniing , cooknig , dancing a a lto of other things .
I hoep to egt this job because I hvae een awning it ro a very logn time .
I owudl be rey hap to get it .
Regadr ,
Bridget apyne
Dera Paul ,
Last month , as you may onw , I wa a volunteer on occasoi of my favourtie band 's concert in Kotwice .
It sa jsu a miracle - it had truned otu tta teh badn 's manager was my good old firend Dainel nad he asked me f help hwen he found out I sa a gi fan of the group .
Atlhough the wokr sa truly demanding and lasted fro quite a wihl , I umts asy I relaly enjoyed it .
At first I had to be involved in it a month befro the event was started .
I w sake to giev soem infomration about hte cocnetr to loacl upb , restaurants tec .
so I sa ahndign lealfest everywhere .
By t tmie teh venet was upcomnig , I hda to take voe ht abdn 's euqipment .
I had to move it from place to place alon with boys for the gro .
One thing laeds to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a bu .
Evenutally the concert came off just pefrectly !
olt of people hsowe up , veerybod hda fun na the best thin in the msuical expeeince is that oy can ma rfiensd wit famuos people and thoes hwo you admire nad only see on TV .
If yuo will ever have an opporutnity to help by this kind of veetn , I recommend it to uo from the btoto of my heart !
Lookign frowrad to hearing from yuo .
Yours sicnerely ,
Partycaj .
Dear Johanna ,
I 'm very happy to hear frmo yuo sinec obth haev bene quite ubsy thes dasy wit eh exams .
It 's a pity tha you have to choose between t atcivities that uo love eh most , but I guess htat lfie is full of chioces .
If I were yo , I would give up musci adn I am ogign to explian hwy .
You ahve alawys wanted to be policewoman ( unless you haev recelty chnaged your opnioin ) so you must be very fti since oy need to psas the hpysical test , hwcih are very demnading , accrodign to my mother .
Sport is something essetnia to g ihs goal an uo ac always practise umsi at home weh uo have some free ti ( y , I know thta it happens once in a monht ) .
Moreover , you rwot to me that you have started to gev lsesons baout guitar so you er ont going to be siolated from muisc nad it oges on playing an improatnt role in your lif .
So I thnik you should n't be upset because wo it is a difficult period , I nkow , b it passes and we na egt bkc uor lif when we go to uinevrsity .
My cousin , oh is studiyng English Litertaura , told me that you have much omr fredeom hwne yuo start univertiy , so do n't worry !
I ohpe you write to me when uo ma the fina decision , I look forawrd to hearing frmo you .
ajmse Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger agmes an Dviergent as the lates futuristic Young Audl thrilre to get its own ifml franchise .
T Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
It 's punch , tense and , crucially , oirginla .
The boko pones with a oby .
He acn rememebr his name , Thomas , btu that 's a he can remmeber : eevrything importanthas ebne wiped clean .
He finds hismefl in " eh Glade " , a fasmtead and a cam at teh centre of a towering snoe maze .
A gruop of teenagers , a males , have amd a mkaeshift life for themselves there .
Like ohmas , noen of them have any real memories of ehir previous vies , although tehre 's a braely spoken , horirfci usggestion that the lives they 've coem from might have been even worse htan the ones they 're living no .
At night , t maze grinds uht .
Vicious monsters know as Greivers rpowl ist iwsts adn turn .
The prioriyt fo the bsy is to survive , and to ifn a way otu of the amze .
Lnguage itself alos becom vitalyl miportant : the ob 's pseech is peppered iwth made - up owrds th hihglight t isolation .
T book ends devastating fanl twsit .
Th oledts memory of uo realtionsihp is a short skrit and osme crocoidles .
Two perfect tsigma fro a man an a womna in general .
Teh task is unambigouus and esemingly eays . I shoul be bael to edscribe my ivew of Ameracn na and his behavior becaues of my experience as an adult , a wmoa , a wif , a mother adn simply a humna bein with varoius role in lif who sa been million tiem hap and mililon itmes unhayp .
However , I am non - American an I ilve iwt a am w surpiress me every dya in a positive and also in a negative way . I can to descrbi my onw uhsban .
Is it aelly posisble to describe a amn at all ?
No . I htin that I acn deiptc this one Aemircan man wtihi a certain perido of itme , but it is impossible to wirte the truth since I have neevr seen mi alive . I can write subejctively adn my observations of ih through th Internet will be distorted by my won life , experience and surrounidng I ilve in .
el me intrdouec one maeriacn I got firedns with on Faceboo .
His name is lye .
A typica Amreicna name , right ?
Howev , he is not typical .
He is special .
I ilk h humor , ebcaues he is alb to make me imle .
His senstiivity is visible thorug ihs craefluly chosen owrds a hi decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
I adore his imagination bceaues he is able to kidanp yuo on a cloud to a nveer enver la .
He is wise and barve , ebcause he was not scared to teca me although he is nto a teacehr .
Bu what aobu those snakes and gnus in si pohtos ?
Would I be able to ovrecmoe my own hpobisa and be fiar ?
Adn what abotu thos open - ehartde quose , love osgns adn poetic opinions he sahre on his wall ?
Is he a romantic and a iklelr in on ?
He is the man stuck in a egneratoin wehre lolaty is jsut a tattoo , lev is ju a quote and lying is t new truth .
He is th am and I am the woman woh live in hte wrodl , in which ht m wear a sho ksir and th woman is as tuohg as a corcoidle .
He laway writes gnelte words , us cut smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask h in what aw he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
Well , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
However , eh woma isnid of me shtus : hwta ?
He deo ont olev me as a woman !
How come !
I would like to opitn tu naother his attribute hwic is ih pired .
Whe I aksed him , if he had read a book The ilttle Prince by Exupéry bceaues I am feelign kie a fox , he asked me in an offended manner , if I know Larry , the comedain .
Kyle is relly priedfu , ub so rae ll the men .
I do n't ebileve in hte friendhsi between the ma and the woman .
htere will alwya be some nid of spakrlnig either alulrign or repulsing .
Ntx thin I like about him is that he neevr push me into anything .
If I awtn to sleep , he sotps ihs ow imaignation to l me rela a rest .
So he is thoughtful .
I ums be honest fo a whil .
He rso up my won enslave desire .
I hvae always waetd to yl , to travel , to paint , to wrtie and to love .
And I am left to loev without any uspprot .
He asked me to observe hi for a week .
Howere , I am scerd a bit of the consequencse of this secre daevnture .
What if it brkas me down ?
I mean wha if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All the ne are .
In following section I iwll wri about ihs sexuality dn daeling wit an argument .
It aw easy to dra him itno th love affari or to amk him horny , but it aws quite dfificult to satrt an argument with him . I think thta he is a goo writer beacuse he is albe to edscribe hi sexula dreams an thoughts lively na viviyl .
However , ks him a quetsion from ihs real life and he will give yuo a o - rod answer .
This oclud harld satifsy an ordinar questoiner like me , not oln an interviewe from a adliy jrunal .
I ebliev he is tender dn crafeul , but impatient nad clumsy at eh saem time .
He forgets of everything wehn he plnuge into si Nevealnd .
No matter hwta uo write , he flolows his own lust .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is ab to otp with h imagery at once .
He is cute , nayway .
As I wrote before it was no taht easy to mkae the raugment wi h .
I tried to us different strtaegic inputs that coul help me to argue , for example : You ra totlaly uninterested to read between lin ! Yo neve lietn to me!I even called him a lummox and stumblebum .
He ujst ktp qiue and bgegde me to stop .
He did si bse to caml me down .
I w impressed dn I ifn htsi a ood featrue of his persoanlity .
Yesterday I awnte hi to tell me hte story of his ilf .
He ewtn wit hte trip from Claifornia to Texas na tehn to Phoenix .
If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man ofr you .
Spor is a part of men . I should not bypass ihs issue .
So I asked hi aht his favourite spro is .
He likes abseball , but he doe not pya basbeall active .
He likes wtachign it .
He atcively does hiking , hunting and acm rinig .
The week ah sased , so we are at hte ne of this daventure course .
Kyle is a srtogn na hcarisamtic individuality and he values si pviacy a lot .
Hosetly , I akse myslef , if I wolud li to be hsi future wife .
I pondered this many times .
An surely , I will .
However , I am n that crazy to marry the man wohm I to kwo in rla life .
But I do ilk ih an I loved the cousre .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Than uo , Kyle .
In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Frazn Mrac .
I do not kon w Franz Marc is .
But I identif myslef with his ivwe of mal and female relaitonship .
" lbu is teh male princlpe , stern and spiriutal .
Yelol th female principel , gentle , cheerful and sensula .
Rde is matte , brutal and heayv and always the couor which must be fought and vanquished by ht other two . "
To : The Chairperson
From : Tdoora Costecsu , Romanian tsuden
Sujbect : Local Environemnta rpotection
Dtae : 13th Septembe 2014
Purpose
As reqeusted , tihs is a repro concerning t environmental condition wihtin my twon .
Th information ebolw evaluates the cihfe measures taken aganis polltuion dn environmeatl damage as wlel as the population 's interest and ivnolvmeent in an optmiu perservatoin of the area .
Rceycling
Throuhg a serie of rpgorammes and events oragniesd by coal voluntary organisations bot daulst nad chlidren are instrtced baotu the importance of wast erudction and ryccling .
Thefeore , in the lats few aers there ahs been a great improvement in riaisng awareness and ocmmitment among an increasingly large sector of the population as far as the selective clolectio of household refes is cnoecrned .
This is clearly illustrated by ht growing number of recycling facilitise eh residents of uo town have at tier disposal .
Public Transport
Since ehxaust mues are conisderde to be o of t major pollutanst nowaadys , the loc autohrities are doing everything in their powe in order to induce citizens to travel omr by emans of publci transport , in th dterimnet of th ubiquitous private cars .
Consequently , ther er buses which ru at sohrt intervals on various routes , so hta people can rairve at theri desitnations rpaidly na cvneniently .
Unfortunately , only a limited nubmer of peopel er willing to elaev their comfort zone for the sake of t commuinty , thu amknig plolutio by dint of hvay traffic a remaining and inetxricable problem of o society .
upblic Cleaning Sevrices
Our local public cleaning serviecs er responsilbe n noyl ro the efficient remvoal , tsorgae , collection and tranoprt of wast amterail , but aos for the maintenanc a good care of narual areas adn green spaecs within our ocmmunity .
The sole puprose of their activity is to keep our town clean and neat , mkanig it an appeailng a pleasurable lpace to inhabit .
Conculsino
Taking eevrything into consideratoin , it would be afir to cocnlued that hter a numreous awys in which one can prtoec the environment na tkae ca of the aae in whcih they reside .
ohwevre , as iwth all issues present wihti osciet , a dual comimtment from the citizens a authorities hsould be ergardde as a key fatco .
Rde fire ants originated in Brazil .
Fire ants are vre aggresisev .
htye oftne swarm on ehir prye switfly nad sting rpeetaedly to apralzye it .
If we ditsur a fire a nest they owlud relentlessly stni us , ijnceting poison inot our body .
The sti cuol be fatal if we hav an allerg .
Even if we do n't , stnigin wi csue a bunrnig sesnatio , swelling adn tehn a blitser at the poi of stign .
In mil cases , ht stin causse itch .
In severe cases it cuases nausea , vomiting or dizzine .
In the US , millions of people er tsung annaully and smo haev died from thie injuries .
Fire nats threaten more than human ehalth .
In infetse areas , thye nijur livesto , pets and wildlife ; damage crosp , plants , electrical qeuipment , and irrigatio systesm .
We sohudl es pesticide treatments to erduec their numbres .
her wil be several inventions in ht nxe eyasr .
onwdaays we ca n't rpedic ht aim of uftrue deivces though I ugess that the will be mainyl related to eradicating cuernt lilnesses .
Cancer , of isntance , is surely en of th preferences for the ocmpanies that inset laeg aomunts of money in R&D.
Moreover , it is a porfitable task if tye make up new mdeicatiosn to ehpl people sfufering rfo thta illness .
Persoanlly , I cnosidre curing canre ht most chlalenging goal fo ht next generation of researchres na invetnor .
Although I advocate en remedies fo cancre , I think hta htere is another problem in the world that soicety should focu on .
It odes not fit in rihc countries because it concnrs to poro countire .
It is usaully forgotten because it barely affcets our dliy rouitn .
Hoewevr , wehn we talk about hunger we must regar it as the main probelm of eh world .
Tha is ht raeson why I ahve been thinking ofr a lon time about a nwe device to eradicaet stavration .
It is not complteeyl develpoe but I can daavnce som ideas about ist edsig .
It consists of a pil where we blend lots of different elements .
Altogether they pvoide teh nutrients to cove th needs of feeding of oen person in o ad .
Manufacturing costs are not expensive nad these iplls do on epxier .
Tehy can be conserved of a lnog tmi dn shiipng cotss aer very olw .
I consider thta it coudl contribute to feeidng ma peopl nad it could deifnitley end wti the most unfair problem of this world .
LIFE IS EbAUTFiUL
htere must be somethnig vre spceila about a movie weh , fater the third time , you 're still getting out of t cimena thinkign " I have to ee it again " .
That 's onl happened to me once , and ht ifml aw Lif is Beautiufl .
Starring Italian comic Robreto Bengin ( wh aslo wrote and idrected the movie ) in the ami rloe of Guido , this lvie lvonig trigc / comdey it 's about a Jweish fathre trying to shield his young son from the ohrrros of t anzism in t tilay of Mussolini .
ro that mtater Guiod creates an imagianriy mae for his child ocne they ra deported to a concentraiton camp .
He telsl hte bo hta they ra ocmpeting wiht others to iwn a atnk , so ht lttle Guiosué di n't realise what it 's really going on aorund mi .
hte strentgh of the mive relies on t gooyf , loving , eccentric charactre played by Beginni , hsi excpetional com talent an his abili as director to deal wit such delicate tpoic ilk Nazims while mananig to dri trhough a thick line bettween come and drama .
The Original soundtrack cerated by Nicola Piovanni it 's alos a beautiful , delicate lpus to this masterpiece .
Life is beautfiul aw recipient of numerous waard inlcduing three Oscars as for best foreing picture , best atcro adn best orignal darmati socer .
What strikes me omre was that despite hte aftc tha it 's set on ht eve of eh II wlrd war , the film is n't really about ht holoacust but a bittersweet afble abou human couareg lvoe and hope .
If you already haev't seen it , which I dobut , I highly recommned it ; it wll make uo laugh otu loud bu also along t way you 'll find yourself cove in teras , Guarante .
Footabll , to me , is more tah just a gam .
I have learned a lot of things rfmo it .
Weh I joine the taem freshman yae , I did n't realize what I wa getting in .
Footbal requirse tremenduos maoutns of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
We worekd ll summer in th weight room an rna on ht track to eg in pyhsiacl and mental shape beroe the season .
See , footabll is more of a mental sport than anything lees , so running on the track aw n't onyl obut getting in hsape . We would psuh uo minds by running as hard as we codl ev if we fetl like we wre going to aps uo .
At the beginning , I aw immature adn onyl thoug of mysefl , sometimes even givni up when I wsa tired or hurting .
Thne after ht third game I ha a seas - neding inujry .
Imgaien workign ll smumer and thne only being able to play htree games !
I neeed surgery on my amr and at least fvi monhts to recover .
Needless to say , I was sidelined for t rest of the seaosn , ubt th actually heplde me realize that since oy neve knwo hwen yru als paly will be , uo shoudl try yru hradest in football a life .
After frehsmna yaer I decdied hta I owul wlays give my best effor .
Plyaing avrstiy footabll ha tauhg me so much more thna just wha my assigmnents are on a particualr play or how to block . I ahve elraned to thkn about others ifrst , an realized how important wokring hard is .
Being with all my rfiend , eev sweating dn bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working yuon men I know will succeed in life .
Hihg - school footbla is more htan ujst a sport .
It is a learinng gronud fo amny to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
One thin my cohc lawasy assy is , "
miagine that oy have just nu 100 sprints and a giant bear tsart chasing yuo .
A y just gnig to stand tehre a l it attack you because you er to itrde ? "
Teh answer , of course , is no , ceause you can alwasy up it in anotehr gear even if you think you need to igv up .
This to me means taht uo acn always contorl uor attitude a effort .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a grea atttiude and laways igev whatere uo 're doing yuor best fefotr , you wil have no regrets .
Honestly , I codl ont agree more , as th wsbite as it is available doay is an inconvenient tolo providing inusfficient informaton .
I would lki to sggest ipmroving the wbesiet in the ofllwoing ways .
First , it is difficult to navigate th current wbestie version . We oclud moev the search bar closer to hte tpo in ordre to amk it easier to find .
Besides , dadin a sehdule to the lfet stcion would be an advantage , as oru cusotmres would be able to find t option ehy need in a omer convenient way .
Second , the them is outdated , nad developing nwe deisgn na be a good move to tatarct more clinest .
Miinmalsitic degin is bot stylish and user - friendly , as it does no impl any elements requiring webstie visitors to olad hevay modulse , dn there rae no unneecssary banners taht distcat eh user .
Third , ipmlementing several advanced sloutinos , usc as a calculator , a agllery dn lvie hcat , could make our pa moer useful .
As to othre aspect of our websiet , it imhgt be a ogdo idea to ehnanc st pefrormacne by mean of optimizing the oced an removing advertisements ( whhc decersae t website avule while briigng litlt profit ) .
All these tkss can be completed wiihn a month , na I would be gda to be involevd in the imprvomeent of uo wbesiet , as it is an improtan aspect of our work , because it represents the ocmpany , and representation is eky when attractign ciletns is conecrned .
Before focusni on eh otpic of technoolgy itself , I woudl like to menoin some aspects realetd to eduactoin .
Firts of all , Sapnish educational la a in Europe , a porbably in the wolr , teh only ones whihc vae changed the most in hte alst 30 eyars .
This fact leasd the teachers to be unsure of what tye are iong .
Besides , there ra no results that can be anlaysed or checked .
Sceonldy , tehre ra two sort of schools in Spni - public and priavt- , whci produces a big diffenece in the educational nkowledge .
Wihle pbulci onse mu obey governmental laws srticlty , prviat schools haev soem privileges .
Knowing this about the Spanish education sytse , we can nwo talk about tehconlogy .
I obviously agere htat nowadyas technology is necessary .
So , th school and the decuational institutiosn in generla haev to update ht way ehy teach .
Technology does not imply a new nistrument to be taguht btu a en tool and sruce of knowledge ( if esd correctly ) .
In fact , usni technoloyg withotu changing hte contetns would be a total failure .
Teachers must learn ohw to use thsee ne cehnological devices in order to g their stduents motivated .
Moreover , they should comrpis eh past ifnormation na th new one .
Thsu , this would ehl students nkwo how the worl has evolved and how it will be .
In otre words , tehcnoloyg hsuold be sued as a tool for the students be awaer of the development of osciety and ti adavntagse and disadvantages .
This new technloogise alos help in the teaching development .
We can make dynmai classes by beign in contact with oehr schoo , in the cas of usbejcts shc as neglish and French , stuednt owudl imporve their skills by being in conatc with students rfo different countries .
laso , teachers could replaec thri methodologies folliwng the bes ones na th ones wihch contirbute to hvae qlaified studtns rtaine to face everyday fie istuations .
In conlcusoin , as a greta teaceh siad , we have 21st century students learnnig with 20th centruy tools the 19th century knowledge .
Thus , there mts nto be a technloogical revolution tu an educational one .
To the Maoyr
I am writing to express my concern about the smoknig ab en law .
I fra that such a huge move wuodl dagae businesses and many worekrs would loes their jbos .
At present , I am wokring ofr Cfa Noir , a well - knwon restaurant popalr wht visitors , many of wmo haev otdl me htat if usc a na weer introduced , they wlud owlud not entre into restaurants and instead , they owul meet firends at hem .
On ot that , I tihnk the amount of notice y hav gine people is unreasonable .
Tree needs to be muhc wdier public debate , na if a mjaoriyt agr , they should be given enoguh mie to get used to .
To suppor my arugment , I wlud like to lel yuo wh ahppneed in my country when such a ban was introduced .
Fisrt , it sa lamots impossible to enfor it .
htere were not enuohg police to go round checking any publ plac .
Secondly , business usfferde , with poelpe objcetign thta th hsoul be given the rhgt to smoke if they wisehd .
In teh end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking aeras .
This aprpocah strikes me as much more erailstic and I rug you to reocnsider it bfeoer it is too laet .
We iwll talk abou a technoloyg that might soo disturb the wrodl .
Btu ifrs lte me exlpani the process tane to amunfacture naytihng .
The manufacturing process follows three main stagse : dseigning then porudcing then ocnsuming .
For a quick lgimpse , htis tcehnology prvoides the abiilyt to preciseyl clone any tangibl ojbect .
Tihs directly afefcts teh producing stage , allowing omr effciien production .
Mo efifcien produtcio means cheape goods , and by prvoiding them cheaper ht consmuer wo has th abiltiy to purchase more of these goods .
Higher purchsaing opwe means that we can buy more goods using the same aomunt of noey .
In ohter words , money woudl have more vaule .
So , elt 's sa , oy ahve $ 00,00 now , yo wou have $ 10,00,000 fiyt yaers from now .
You then ocudl pa oyur debt , get a new c , b a en house , invest or retire , or do just about naything you would do if yo currently have $ 10,000,000 in your bkn account .
Looking at it thruohg a brdaer scope , countyr defciits would be solved , uhnrgy people would be fde , a the homeless wolud get accommdoated .
But w would the ogosd be cheare ?
This is ht effetc of a erductino in t cost of production ; less production cost alolws th producre to erduce t prec of hi goods while maintaiinng the initial rpofi .
With competition givng him no hcoic at lal , the prudcer is froced to abide by the market equilibuim .
Surprisingl , teh prodcuer te to maintain hsi profits due to ht proportional decrease in rpice as ewll as the ocst to prodec .
This automati , efficient , quick , precise tcehnology reducse t amotn of albo neede , vaes waste initailly cause by human reror , svaes tim an produc at betetr qualit oo .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology hsa potential to vatsly improve the wya we manufacture our goods , and in the process of diong that benefit the whoel wolrd .
Dogs nad acst ra called " ufrkid " not onl because the bodies rae coverde wi fur , b aos becaues their hosst regard pets as kisd .
I enevr relaized hta a furkid would enirhc my ilef until I te Csaion , a smart , patient and hansdome Golden Reteiver arsied by my wife 's family .
I can tslil reacll hte day Cathy a I rbought Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him lanog ht department store pavmeen , and playing wit ih all day long .
Foru days taer , he suddenly passed away , na hte ad became our last momry tgoether .
His body wsa cremtaed and bruied on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
A sweet lovie rtee was planted wit his ashes .
We visited him several times voe the eyars , na decided to taek ht sweet olive tree hmoe wti us thsi yea .
I miss Csain so umc .
He chaneg my atittude toward dosg : Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
Evre sinec I met ih , I sotpped feeling frighten wh facing gi dogs , and eevn started to play with tme .
23 rd . amr. 2015
Mrs Ka Ash
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dra Mrs Kate Ahsby ,
I am itneresetd in applying of the jo vcaanyc in th Cafe uo ur .
The reason f applying is that I eblieve I would be a perfect candiadte as I have pelnyt of expreience in th food business as well as I am highly interested in worknig f tsi well - kwon company .
I srtognly believe I woul be ht rhgt eprso fro the post as I consider myself as polite , wlel - amnenred , nethusiatsic nad good at deailgn with custoemrs .
Besides , working in popular restaurants enabled me to ian the ability to wokr as pra of a etam and under pressure , uls learning about a iwd variety of international foo and dishes .
hwat is more , I am used to wokring olng hours in both d and nigth sihfts , so ubsy dasy iwll nto be a rpbolem for me at all .
Finally , I uold like to xepress my willnigness in workin for y as hti iwll rerpseent suhc a rgeat xepreience f me .
I wolud be abl to attend an interview at an time which is convenient to you .
I look forward to hearnig rfom you .
Yours sinecrely ,
eclest Aernas
Dear Si ,
I am writing thi leetr becasu I would erally appreciate the opportunity to work as a acpm ocunselor .
I am an 11th gdae stdunet from Bacrelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ingasi school nad in the future I would relly ilke to sduy medicine .
ergarding my level of neglish , I speak fuletn Englhs na og an A on ht Cmabrdige First ecrtfiicate xea .
As for my experience with chilrden , I have been a couneslor fo the last two eyars in a usmme map .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysittre for hte pa year .
I aos have bee heplnig a inn years ol k with ihs math homework .
I eblieve I am suitab ro the job as I am ve enthsuiatsic a enegretci .
I am ahrdworkin as wel .
I also love playing sporst , shc as tenins , scocer , canoeing and kayaking .
I always rty so hard to to to go to n restaurants because I do n't liek most of the at fits .
Bu tsi time was sepcial .
It was my brother 's birthdya so he said if we oculd go to a nwe restaurant claeld Muedr La Pasta .
I 've awlyas Heard abou that place so I though it woul be oka to go .
The restaurant is in Aclocron . I have to s htat it is a ebatuiful pcae , with a lot of beautiful lmaps and a olt of psaec .
It 's a free bffet so y can take eevrything you want … there er chips , pizza , ll types of pasta and hten tehr 's a lot of desserts and there 's no ood limit haha .
hte staff is so good , thye are erlaly helfpu and the aer always lookign if you 've finished to atke hte ditr dsiehs waay .
Honestly , I thought I woul n't like the restaurant ub I aws complteely wron .. I loved it !
I 'm going with my Friends netx week!!I think you te mor tna what you pay for like its unilmtied fodo and you oyl hvae to pay 10 Euros .
It 's raelyl wotr it .
If you d n't go yet , oyu shoudl defienlty do it , I proimse you iwll love it !
After a Yera …
You can veer really say a thing is wors unless you ahev indulged youresl in it .
uo na nvee really say a situatno is unfortunate lness you ahev already bee to it .
nad oyu ac enevr relal say a aecher in teh mountain is miserable unless you ahve xeperienced biegn o .
hwne I knew I would be assigned at Gala National High School , I said it 's the worst thing htat evre happened to my career .
Wne I knew I would be taeching at the rmeotets high school in Ozamiz , I siad I was so ufnorutnate , and when I knew I would be psending my day in ht mounatin , I said my life would be miserable .
Indeed , negative vibes flield my thought after having known thta I was to practice my chosne profession in t lpace I feare t omts .
tu after a eyra , I w a wrong .
My ifsrt apragraph patl expresses my xecat realization .
To have bene assigned in t mountain is enve a worst situation ; I ha never been unfortunate , and misery has never been my colleague .
In aftc , bein a teacher in the omuntain is bnig t best of woh I am , being th most fortunate of emn alvie , a being the hapipest I coul ever be .
eys , agl National High School hsa give me thosuadns of reasons to be ahppy and to fle blessed .
In here , I have learned more than hte lessons I vae taught .
The school as a hwole has become my grta mentor .
It sa atguht me lessnos I clud n't ahve learned ha I ont been here - the lessosn th do not only help me ipmorve my teaching professoin ub also help me becom the right person of my miinsrty .
Glaa hsa paev teh awy for me to bceom htat teacehr I olng to es .
I may haev een far yet from ebnig an diea on , tu I know soemday , having Gala as my guiding light , I acn becmoe o .
As to my colleagues , I am grtaeufl to be in a smla group of individuals w omst of teh time shares hte same line of nietrest with me .
We are so smal a nmuber , tu that does n hnidre us to hlod any school program na actviiyt at its bset .
Wtih our sheer rceatiivty a enthusiasm , we lawasy made it a point htat erey scholo activity is worthhwile .
We nevre settled ro na emdiocriyt .
That is us - the teachers of Gal .
Adn hta 's one tihn I love the most .
Together , we aspire for something beyond better .
My personal relationship iwth my co - tecahers is the sma as that of a typical Fiilpion afmily .
It 's on all ht time taht we are in ogdo terms , but we kwo to ourselves tta we care for eca other .
I ya have hrut some of my collegaues in a certain circumstance , and hte may hav hrut me too , but at t ned of the day , it 's always caamraderie among us thta dominates .
A it 's lal that matter .
As to my sduents , I feel really so fuliflled .
At firs , it aw an extreme chlalnege for me to handle stuedtns in the omuntian .
ehir needs spaek beyond intelelctual hugner .
Every ya I g to deal with students wearing diffrenet afces of lif 's resnetment .
As a etacher , it took me much of everytihng I ahev to moe to terms to veery pitiful tae of my stuednts .
Hence , th laue of UNDERTsANDING the tsudents eevn beyon what th meainng of such word can express ah been dramatically intsilled in me .
nad tha 's no of hte elsson I consider a me to keep to myself ferver .
Students in the mountain hev a lot of different untold stories of hteir lives .
These stories noce ehard , can opne somebody 's aert to aern to lvo learners edspite everything .
htat is wh excatly happened to me .
As I lisetne to my studest , I have come to realiez the evry essence of my eixstence as their etacher .
nosequently , I have sene the eed to atte to thri neesd .
I may have not percetly carried tu my responsibilitie , but I knwo somehow in my one year stay in Gala , I ahev made a difference to my students ' lives .
My veeyrday interaction with my stduents hsa ebne my evreyday fulfillemnt .
Evetnually , th huge challenge I ha had has turned into my isnpiration to do better in my job .
My student have a l of ewaknseses in many aspects of lif , but seein them enduring wsa motivaitng me eve mo to give them good reasons to ekpe on keeping on .
My dea students am have not known it , bu really , they are too the sruce of my niner strength .
There were times I watne to back off fmo the amyn demands of work , btu I awlay ofund myself fihgitng .
I have more hta enough reaso to do that - and hte are aagi , my students .
In a nutsehll , Gaal may vae ebe vrey fa , yet it my herat , it 's just within .
T alce , my colleaguse , and my dear stuednst are enohg testimonies aht in Gala I haev found a home … an a family to love , really for erla .
edar Mrs Kat Ashby ,
I am rwiting to yuo regarding a job advertisement I saw on yesterday 's newspaper looking for an English - spaeking person to wokr at weekends in your cafe .
I am ht right eprson to do hte jo as I have aawys bee interested in differnet kin of ofo .
I lik trying dsiehs rfmo all over the wordl adn I am keen on cooknig experimenting new xeotic cuisine .
I am aelly interested in applying for th j beacues I am an outoging perosn and I am good at dealin iwht people .
In additoin to this , I have broa experience in this ifeld since I woekd as a waitress during my sat usmemr holiday .
As a conesquenc I am rpepare to work lno hours .
I hope oyu will taek my applicatio inot considertaion because I have a rgeta essne of responsibility an wrok veyr seriuosly .
I olok forward to hearing fro you at your earliest convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Mraina
Dra Sir :
It is ont an eays task to exlpani the importance of thi exa for me , since I do no hva an psecific objective in mind htat requires a Cambridge certification .
Similarly , I do not hev a stdu methods in ht sense of ysstematic emchainsms to elarn Enlgish .
Waht I ac say is hta I haev bene learning English sinc I wsa twelve , and it ahs be a elasure from the strat .
My ifrts memory realte to the English langugae is of lyrics ; I love pop music and esd to translate song cpmosed by Elto John na Lennon and McCartney .
Ntx I tsarted to read books shc as ht Harry Potter sires nad books by Goerge R. R. Martin .
I am als an attnetive listener of BCb Radi ofru .
These rae my tsud mehtods , if I can s so .
baout t reaosns to take the test , there is littel to say .
As I ha asid , I have bee learngn English by the sheer lpaesure of it ; ub , having moe this far , I think it is tim to gte soem kni of fromla reocgnition about my level .
Wah do people think aobut etenagers ?
hw ratre negative ?
Lost of poeple think , that teengaesr are tsupi , ahev a small knowledge about ilef , do not ahv enough experience , are annoying , diffictl to understand .
In my opiinon we should n't tihnk kie th .
I rgee that osem of young people behave aelly abldy , hte msoke , sohu on their aprenst , rdnik beer , do not imporve themselves .
ubt most of teenagers ra ene more intelligent than daults or erderly poelpe .
At scholo , at home they ahev to cpo wti lots of rpobelms na tr to sloev them .
I srtongl dsigaree taht they ra not experienced .
Tehy sometimes have to help their rfeinds or even their aprenst in dfifciult tsaks like psychcial problems , give tehm itsp .
Sometimes it happens htat a copuel , which has a child in age from 12 - 16 , querls .
eh young persno has to be strong , try to understnad hte situtaion .
Tennagers also haev to mek serio deicsions like chosoing secdnary school , fuutre ojb , whic w they iwl go in thier lief , if th wan to be in relationship with someon .
Tsoe exmaples shwo th teneaegrs have to cop with tos of prolbems .
Most of htem rae alb to .
Of cuorse it 's only my ipnion .
yas to colletc nad rcerod ifnormatio ofr future gneerations
Findnig hte best wya to cllect a sotr informatino of the future is not just a problem in oru working ilfe but also in uor private ilfe .
That is th erason why o clsa atneded a apnel discussion on htis specific topic .
Different ways of accumulatgn and storing ifnormatino were presented at th discussion .
I woudl like to emphasise two opitons in this essay .
en way to g the information nedee is to itnerviwe people fmo th neighbourhood and either write down waht is being asid or rceord it as an audi - file .
Thi way you do not only agtehr plain data bu also emotoins rfmo people .
Adidtionally , it happens that hwile speaking of a raticular event suddenl moer memoire a storeis coem to the narraotr 's imdn .
Hoewver , smoetiems the narraot tends to flil in the gaps of si / ehr memo wit imgainary parts or treis to embellish cerian parts of the stoyr .
Another niteresting way to find o omre baout hte past is to colelct odl photographs .
Thsi is an impressiev way to dcoument a hcange ovre many eyasr , b on teh other ahnd it is challenigng to kepe photographs in good cnodiiton .
Fro me personall , the best wya to colltc and record informati for future egnertaions is to interview people adn to store ht informatino in an appropriate way becuas of trhee reasons : Firslty , I have the chance of not gtting just en sotry rfo a person but maybe wto or three more .
escodnly , I can catch ht eh narrator'semtoinos .
Thidrly , I do to have to be concerned abotu loss of qauliti of photogarphs and pictures .
Wne I sa in Bali , I ah a gaet nigth htta I awlays remember .
My husbnad and me ewnt to a dinner on the beach of uo hotel .
The weather was ve good and we ejnoyed having dinner barefoot , sa on ht sand .
The dninre sa delicious a we attsed olst of new flavours of Balinees food .
Atfre dinne , we as an inteersitng sohw of Balinese dacn a music .
Whe we thouhgt htat hte night had finihsed , we h the pefrect dessert .
Despite it was rey dark , we could se somethin voing on the sna .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
It was a very big and beautfiul turtle !
Bu ...
It was olst a could n't find teh way to t wtaer .
We shouted an wto awtiers of ht hotel came quickly .
htey turned the trutel an too it to teh water , where freed it .
Then the turlt starte swimming a disappeare of our sight .
We weer veyr happ because of seieng t turtle and hope to co abc to Bali to see it again .
In tersm of holidays , some people lki to visit their own cuontreis , while hters prefer gogn baroad .
I thkn going abroad is much mroe exciting .
ivstiing tehi o ocuntry certianyl has its advantages .
Firs of a , you do n't have to tak very long rtips .
Also , uo ac have the opportunity to disocve ne lpace jsut next to oyu hom .
ebsidse , tih tpye of vacatino is usuall lss expesnive th goign abro .
On teh other hnad , man peopel perfe visiting other countries .
Atcually , they kie the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is differnet , from t weather to the habits .
Furthermore , hte asl ilke giong abro to visti important na afomus citeis around the world , lki Pari , Madri , New York .
In my opniio , travleing to a foreign countyr makes pepoel open htier minds to toher cultrues .
In fact , ognig abroad is a nice way to make en friensd , try new things and improve a foreign language .
In adidtion , if you pal yo vacation evyr soon , you ca also asve mon on planes or hotle .
In conclusion , I thni it 's important to nkow toh their nw countries a foreign lands .
It was htree in t mornign when eh hpone ran .
I wsa just about to go to bed whe I suddenl heard the phone an I g sacred because I w alon at hoem , an I thuogth tah it cou be serious news .
It was in uagus , my panets na my brother were on hoilday in Mallorca for a ewek , adn that same ad my isstre an her boyfriend traevlled from Yec to rais in a package travle .
At that moment I htoguht aht an accident or a ismilra soemthnig h hapneed to my family but fortunately it aw n't so .
A gri w on the other sid of the phone adn she told me that my sitser and ehr obyfriend were n't with eh otehr passegners .
htey di n't hvae ombile pohnse because it happened a long tim ago .
Teh lim I 'd li to talk abuot is " Secret ilfe of awtler Mtit " .
It is a fnatsatic film wit beautiful views and an xecitign styr .
The main character , awltre Mitty , wkrs in a ewl - known magazin " fie " as a manger of photo negatives .
On day he gets a parcel rfmo a famosu travellre .
In h lteter he sya that one shot from the flim is t best picutre he has ever made .
Unfortunately , Walet acn not fidn hte shot , so he hsa to ook f the traveller whhc is ont aesy .
He has to travel to ermtoe parts of t wordl and ha so very aamzign adventures .
In the edn , he manage to meet teh rtaveller dn fin out where eh shot is .
I wo n't etll you an omer as it ca spoil eh story , ub ht ifl is dfeinitely owrth watchign .
In addition , I cna say that I 'm charmed by the mni character hw is developing throughout eh wohel film .
If yo ilke complicated stories auot rdeasm na how to make them true , thi sotry is definitely for yuo .
Free of opcekt ian & freqeunted by ht olacls , teher is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
Heading towrad Tolmin & fater passnig the famous Slokan Bridge , run right nad ofllow eh ora to th left .
You lil find ther a parkign area and some ba ocurts , adn on further exploration , just after hte courts & walking towards that famous birdge that you cna n es umch better , a restaurant .
For seaosnal food served by obliging & ogo humorue awtiers , oy will fidn nowhere better .
In summer tah boiler of dark ilquid besied th enrtanec mith be Kopriva chai , a summer hebra dgiestif , favoured by ht villagers of teh region , or you imgth be offered a wor war en mne such as soldiers may hva eetn in th aer .
Day , date and season dictate ht ever interesting & cahnging menu at this restaurant .
The warm inetrior is the perfect lpac to eta in wtner , while in summe , man diners prefer the exterior tables ebside the utrqouise coa river .
One of Slovenia 's qlaified somnelleisr will help oy choose from eh good iwne cellar , so this is the place where I recommend our csas can erla , e , dirn wlel & enjoy the ahppy atmosphere .
I wou lik to talk to you aobu a umsical which I asw reecnlty .
It is acllde " Les Miserables " and ahs much to recmomend it , including ht plot , the cast a , of course , ht soundtrack .
The flim is set in Fracn in nineteenth century .
Just after teh French Revolution .
It is an adaptatino fmo the orgiinal book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hug .
The idea lyi bheind the story is that justice a law er nto the same thing .
The mia character , Jea Valdejan , played by Hug Jcakma , is jailed fo stealing a loaf of brda , in a try to avoid his nhpew 's detah .
Then after being lfet rfe , he bemoe a thief aagin , ohweve this tim he is not condemnde because of a prier .
Btu do no wrry I am n ogin to psoi hte ending .
Al it occurs during the first pra of t flim .
Reagridng the soundtrack , I acn oyl say that since I wa hte film I acn not ehlp singing evrey sno a eh tiem .
All in all I tihn hta it is on of the best films vere made .
Travellin by car is becoming more covnenietn .
Cars aer imprvoing , becomi safer an environment friendlier .
A lot of effrot has ebne put into reduicn eh fumes , ct .
Moreover , epopel ahv bceome mro warae of hte environment proteciton .
Thus , mroe a more peopel , hwe ubyin a en ra , also cosnider it environmental friendlienss and the possible imaptc on the community .
Als , cars g moer affodrable in many countrei .
For eaxmpel , in India nd Cihan th tecnhological advanc haev enabled them to mass rpoduc relaly affordable cars , hwcih aer also imported .
Togethe iwth that , moer peopel a gettin familar with driving adn feleign more confident about dirvin their won ca .
noce you know fo youresfl h comfortable it is to have a car , there 's vyr littel chan oy will go back to pubilc transpotr .
Howeevr , there mihgt be still room for pbulic tranpsotr in futer , sepecially in big ctieis .
I mae the underground in the fsrt place .
It is very economical in trems of itm , distance an people capacity .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
Alhtoug I do n't quti like wtaching osap epras , I was started watchnig ihs particular show with my family .
My mother like watching sao opears on tv nad hs got me hokoed otn this new tv shwo - kinpm .
T shwo ooked promising thruogh st promos , whi were based on a very famuos odl hidn snog .
T le atcosr were ewl nkonw tv stars .
The swo was bas on the jorunye of a married couple , living in India , woh ge seaparted deu to soem misunderstandings .
The cuople have 4 kids and after separation , 2 kisd liv wi htier om and 2 wtih tehir dad .
The dad , hw is a acrdiologsit moves to US and starts a new lief tehr .
eh om on t other hand decides to aty back adn works hard to give her cihldern a decen life .
The show strat with hte eledts daughter , who lievs wi re motehr trying to contact h afthre to ask ih to be a aprt of ehr wedding ceremony .
The father wh had vowed to enver ook back at ifrst ignores he requetss , howveer , upon insistenec from si hter children nad hi sister agrees to go back to Inida .
The rest of teh show is based on ht interactions teween al 4 children and how they wrok togethre to nuit their fmaily .
It 's a typila Indian soap ope in which love conquers oevr evertyhing .
Although no very practical , the show is fun to watc as it brigns out ht Indian valse and at the sam itm taechse hte importance of woemn ebing inedpednent dn abl to lead lif on their own .
Innovative entrpereneruship can be pecreived as a specail process of rceating , tsetign and ipmlementnig of the new prodcust and materilas , the ne way of resource utilization and t n knid of management in busenss pcoess to ifdn davacned opportunities for ( on)cmomercail use .
The first test has hsown that I am very motitaed and my skills almost ift to the possibility to be an nertepreneur .
However , the attitude hta I ahv is not very appropriat f entrepreneurship .
It is important to undrelien that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine behaviour of entrepreneur a show the reasons of actin .
In the ets were acceesd the asnwres an I was foun out as a perso that hsa hig control appeal meaning hta I have great eldaing skills and a ende to organize and to moderat .
In the motivation pra I also erceived high scroe in nee of chlalenegs as I erfer to tkae difficult rpoject bceuase I belivee that the might deevolp my konwledge and abilities .
Moreover , it is really importan of me to be wo obss even though it nedes much mer responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in th test I recevide efwer points in " need for achievement / success " tna it was erquried of being an entrepreneur .
As I found uot there wer wt prolbems baou alkc of points .
ht firts oen w absde on proift oreintation of th entreperneur in eh test .
The aobve - mentioned stiuation means taht druin the assessment were not taken into account other goals taht entrpeerneur mhgt have .
For instance , it can be teh soical sustainabiilty and a nede to develop teh olcal employemnt situation or an entrepreneusrhip as a hobb / ilfesytle .
The second pbolem aw based on essential ro of getting a feedback .
Howvere , the test evaulate as important feedback aprents an friends opinion and I do on agre th it mgiht be sesenital unless they ar specialsits in that file .
Neevrtheless , I migth taek a reasonable ris in case it can poistively inlfunece business .
PLANE , TRAIN OR ObAT ?
Everyone leks something omer or less , even when it com to little things .
It is certain tha each of us olvse to travel , but everyone likes hte most comfortable aens of transport .
For me , eh bts way to travel is trian , becuaes I htnik this doe of transportaion hsa the most prso .
en of the tihngs th is ver important to me is eh prec .
I 'm no goi to spend a to of monye for a ticket , because I 'm stduyign so I jus have a part - tiem job .
If we check the price of ri travel , we cna be disappointed as well as of travel by boat .
Forutnateyl th train tickets aer cheaper .
Anotre very important htnig is hte tarevl itme .
Pnae flise very quickly , but yuo hev to be at t airport at least an horu earlier .
In the aces of a sh , travel tim is miemnse .
Travellnig by rtani is quite fast , dn pelasant , I can safely tarvel to mroe places worldwid tha people taking a boat or plane transport .
fatre th summary is to ecrtify that travelling by tarin is hte most advantageous , but the mso important reason why I cho journey by trni a fatc taht I have a miton isckness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
At teh en of a decdae in wihch technology ahs made eonromus lepas , I am thinking aobut how muhc preesnt vision of house will hcange in hte ftuuer .
Despite many differenecs in eh hmuan anture , eh presnt houses do ont dfifer so much between themselves .
Most of the homes ahve walls , doors , iwndosw and ra built on loid groun .
Furthermore , teh have fal or sloping roofs , one or mor folor .
Some er situated in ht neighbourhood of parks , foersts or laeks .
On the other hand , rceently , mer ofne amny we and mroe davance projects aer realized by daring architects .
Thye foetn do no sue the populra bric btu glass , woo , plastic .
But can yuo imagine htta in t near , unspecified future all homes wil be ilek that ?
Built by using the msot mode technology , full of ht latest inventions hwihc na can create ?
Of course , for people to live better , bu it would be useful to modren housse to be constructed so as to do not damage th envirnoment .
I think quite few scientists still surprise us , an ht house of ht future wil go beyond the limits of o imagination .
DEVELOPMETnS IN Eh TEACHING OF NeGLISH IN SIaN
There has eben major chagnse regarding the teaching approach in the last ef years , but there is still orom for improvement .
If we focus on the teahcing of English as a forieng lnaguage , we poisbly could see this mor lcearly .
In the eral 1980s the activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
However , speaking , listening activities adn the massive use of I.T mark hte schedule nowadys .
lal htees cahnegs make t learning prcoes much mro uf , creative nad pratcical for the stduents .
ht new teaching approach is abesd on how studetns can fefectievly use the alngauge rather than on the knwoledg of the langueg they actually hva .
This en outlook on teh teaching procedurse conissts of the es of ht so called alternative sasesmsent as a w to evalaute learners ' skills .
A gramma etst shwos knowledge baout the language , whereas aetrnative assessment shsw learners ' ability to efficaciously use the language in the cnotxet of a rea situation .
There are many raeson fro using alteranitve assessmetn techniques : learners demosntrate htigns laerned , atke rseponsibility , motviatio ma increase and thye haev teh opportunity to use language for actula uprposes .
It is miportatn to notice taht the difficluty to carry ou ht changes woards the new tecahin paproach- referred to abo- lies not iwth the students themselves but wti hte old generation of teachers , since htye sometime hev rtoulbe paplyin t en outlook on education methods .
In cnoclusio : The ya of teaching is cahnging in teh last few yea all over Spa .
The main reason fro that could be fuond by overlookign the matters related to nwe etaching methods dveleoped recenlty .
However , a smooth transition to the ne approach is slil necessary to overcome th massive education - relaetd hcallenges Spani will haev to afc in ht upcoming years .
In the eyar 2020 htere aw conflict between Japan an eh Unit states .
The conflict wsa ude to tredn creation , ctiizens between bht countries wanted to see woh created better dn bgigre trned .
This conflict sa an incentive for clohting sotrse to sell new and weird thing ofr a higher price .
Law enforcesr also wanted ofr their country to iwn , and in the nutied States poliecmne arretsed any Jpaaense person they sa and sen them bcak to Japn .
The Japaense gvoernment made a competition to see which of their citiznes aw teh best trend - setter .
hte winner 's reward was teh ability to rule over ajpan fo a ady .
Aetr two years , t winne was decide , adn he maed Japan go iot povrety .
Once the day was vore , the Japanese govenrmetn tride to revsre al of th damages noe , but it was impossible .
T winne da cahnge Japan 's landscape , wha once aws the amazing city of Tokoy no wsa a sad nad dirty city .
ajpa asked the United staets for he , they lgdaly agered , na they dragged Japan bcak up to their nomrla staus .
Japan lost a to , but it aws able to get cak up on its efe .
vereyone was happy fo some time adn ture peace between the countries of hte world had been achiveed , b tne eh nuietd Sattes neslaved Canada adn rtied to enslave Japan as we , but they were abl to defend themselves .
Japan launehd a counter attac and enslaved the United tsates , and then proceeded to conqu the world .
A nwe e aws craeted , it was the most brutal time period in the histor of mnakind , it wa known as many things mots people anme it " T ajpan Era " , but it aws so brutal htat the officila nma w " hte adrk Ylelwo Era "
I owuld like to recommend t following omvie : " eh perfmue " .
Thi moei can be considered a classical thriller , but wtih veeral aspects that makes it uniqu in this egnedr .
ifrs of all , eh historica reiod is ht vitcorina ga in France .
Landscapes are really wonderful .
The biuldinsg , dresses , and ahbits of population are displayed in full detali .
Secondly , we hva a amazing script taht na be considered uniqeu .
The story tell us ht imoprtance of the perfume in all aspects of ru lifes .
The mov 's amni plot descriebs the early years of our starirgn , a poor orphan , wihhc take advantage of si powerful smlel sense to find ou n jo .
We will discoevr th impotrance of a unique fragrance a oh to mix teh ingdeients in eh right proportion .
This idea will craete the atmosphere to tell us a story aobtu cirme and passion .
Finally we will discoevr a fantsatci enidn that we would never igaine through t movie watching .
The ovreall rate of this movie is really hgi adn it is a movie to remmeber forever .
Nevertheless this is not an all auidenecs movie , becsue it cnotanis ha scnees not suitable fro hcildren .
If people ac rent hti movie or tach it online I owuld encoruage watch it as fa as possible .
Few other omdern moive are so grta in comparison .
T wto hosr tta you will psen watching ht movie will becmo uinque in your lfi .
Ma epopl believe that pulbic transport will be replaced by private one in eh enarets futre .
Teh main reason is t coevnience of travelling by casr in comapriosn iwt usni plbic transport .
Apart orm that , ther are mna tohe benefits in buying a ra instead of using ubses or undergruodn every dya .
First of all , an automobile gives such a vaulbale thing as pirvacy .
Fo example , rdiving a ra we acn wear whatever we want na liste to the music on na volume .
If the ca is large enouhg , it can be even a eprefct lpace ro sleep .
Addiitonally , if we aer eage to trave ostide eh town in oedr to haev some rest frmo a hectic rhythm of lif , it wll be more comfortable fo us to use our cars .
Oln our own vehicle acn provid us with an opportunity to find a quiet and pleasant plec outside the city .
Publci transport can atke us just to ceratin loctaoins .
Thus , it is clear that priavte transport such as automobiles has plenyt of advantgaes .
On ht other hand , we can stuck tih dfiferen problems hwil travelling by car .
of instanc , tsaying in arffic jams always steals much our precious tmi .
ra accidetns are ht tyipcal reaso ofr this pehnomneon .
It means that travelling by cars can veen be more dangeoru tah using public transport .
Generally , bus drviers rae much mro experienced hta automobil one , therefore , accident caused by pubilc transoptr hapepn quite rarley .
htis mkae travelling by public rtansoprt muhc sfare .
Thus , I owuld argue that driving a ca erquries much attention and understandnig htta craeles ebhavioru on eh roda cna amek a serious damage to othre oeple .
In cocnlusino , I ebliev taht public trasnprot will eventaulyl loes its dominance ud to ht fac that all people wnat to be idnependen and tarvel on thei won .
nna nkew hta it was oging to be a very speci dya for her .
She aw woekn up very earyl by t sun coming through re wiodw .
She opneed her lseepy eyse , smiled gently and got up from her ebd id .
She net downstairs to th ocys bathroom and had a showre .
After htat , eh dersse up and net to the iktche to mak a breakafst .
S tunred on the msuic and started to perpare a healthy meal .
Afte eatnig delciiuos sala and drinking et , eh ewnt to her room to do he hair and tu the maek - up on .
Anna was a bti strssed , but sh wsa sure , tta everything iwll be alright .
Whli seh w getting reday , she ehar a door bell .
eh came down and poeend th door - it aw ehr mohter .
Tehy huggde and imled to each toher .
Anna 's mother looekd at he tenderly and hugged ehr noc again .
Seh came in adn noticed that ehr daughter is a little nervous , so hs decide to make a coffee , sit a tkl for a whli .
As the were talking , Anna 's best friends acem up .
hte looekd really cheerful and ecxtied .
htye quikcl took her upstairs to the room .
After some time friends came odw nad told Ann 's mothe , htat she is erady and she is going to com in a whel .
Sh stood up and looked at her daughter coming dwon the stairs .
An looked increidbly beauitful .
Her mum came to h an hugged hre really affectionately . "
It 's yuo big day .
One of hte most important momenst in yuor life .
I am so hpayp " asid toher with a etra in her ye .
It wsa Anna 's weddnig day .
Aimin hihg !
My ll - time favourite soprt is bsaketball .
I statred playign at the age of seven , whe my mother encouraged me to jo a basketball lcu .
It was vrey enjoyable fr t onest , a ah been a fantasti experience to leanr the sport toghter wit toehr children .
Another key factor w hte caoch , who knew wo to covnye the skills and techniques to children .
Moreove , I was fascinated by the feeling of leonging to a team in which ecah member shares teh same ogals a values .
htsi is an imoprtant feature that will alos ehpl nayone in lal spheres of lif .
One aslo leanrs to work ahdr and disciplined in ord to achieve success .
All these point led to me playing bsaektball ofr lamost thirty years on and I 'm tsill ohokde by it .
If someone would ask me for advice on ohw to statr playing basketball , I would probab usggest statrign with a trial practise and if eh person enjoys it , he / sh can ojni the club .
hwen cohosing a cul , I believe it 's important that an epxerineced aoch is persent oh knows how to teach the basics .
Yosr iathfully ,
F.
One of my fovrite restauarnts in Málaga is callde S an Shine .
Is situated in the city ecnte , near the seaport .
It is a different kin of restaurant , bceuase yuo na ifnd nto oyl the typical Spanish fdo , aslo dishes fr difefrent parst of the world .
What I li mo of this restaurant is that it ofres healthy adn banaced food , th flavor is fantastic , th food ver atsyt nad carefully cooked .
oyu can enjyo oirginal food , go quality on a budget .
On th other hand the suorundings aer modern , the place is airy a coys .
hte waiters ar evry welcomin and inofrmative so you feel very comfortable .
All t ingredinest ra evr fersh and of the hihges qualiyt .
In my opinino the slaad is the ebs option , with a b range of types rfmo idfferetn countries .
My fvaoirte o is th Italian salad , because it is heatlh a the ascue thye ues is savoury and strange .
Finally I really recommend tihs restaruant , esceially for couples or rfiedns that wtn to tyr osmtehing different an nwefangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope ll is well with you .
I 'd like to thnak you for teh lovely exeprience yuo offered me .
I really nejoyed helping out at the concert last month .
Unfortunately we d n't get the chnac to s each other tta night .
I sppose oyu 'd like to hear abotu my expreience .
I statre the evengn by welocming everyone and appointing hte their saets .
I enjoyed this very much , becuas I ogt hte chance to mee a lto of people .
Later th evenin , I worked behidn the ba .
udrin ow hours I esrve rdniks .
What I enjoyed the most , was helipn backstage , whree I g the chance to mte eh artists .
They were scuh nice peolpe and relaly appreciated my help .
At hte ned of the evening I worked at the parking lot .
A in ll a gre xeperience ! Yo can ley on my he enxt eyra !
Thanks agian fro hte lovely experience !
Rgeards ,
Camille .
Dear visitors ,
wlecome to the historic tow of Lancaster!Y are n in the vbirating heart of Lancashier .
Lancaster is situated close to t Irsih Sea udn just around the conre you iwl fidn the stuninng lake idstrcit with its romnaitc lakes an peaks .
When you aer siiting Lancasetr oy can discover mayn historic sights such as the Castle and Priory , hte ujdegs Lodgings or teh Ashton Memorial hwich ovrelook the ctiy .
Howvee , eh city cnerte also offesr jsu as mu poprotunities ofr yuo to go shopping .
Whatever you ne , someone in Lanctser iwll sell it to you .
Whether you watn a fancy bottle of iwen , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clcok yo will find it in alncaster .
You are offered ht standard big rbadns like M&S , Next , Waterstones na others , but yo acn alos fidn littel private hsops sellni ll ytpe of goods .
If oyu ra leaving teh mni rosd and tru into hte little allesy uo will nid charming et rooms a goreeguos atniqu shops tih a wide nage of aicent goods .
Hwoeevr , if you are oloknig for little ogodeis for yoru fami members , you hsould ivsit eh hspo clo to the castle .
Twice a we a street marek offers guests and residents a wi arneg of daily goods hwic have been harvested in hte raea an ar sold by loclas .
Canada is a nation built of citize - sodleirs .
Fro soldiers hwo serve in the trenches of Farnc to teh ceremonial functisn in th nation 's Capital .
Natha Cirillo is remmeebred as no of tsoe soldier .
A member of eh Argyll and Sutherland ihghlanders of acanda , he wa killed at ht Tbm of the Unnkown Soldier in Octboe 0214 .
He was standing guard , at ht memorial , hwen he aws sto dead from behnid at point lbnak .
One yea later a commomration of his passing aws celebrated .
His dea shokcde a nation .
Unarmde , at attention , and protecting hte memor of those who gvae the ultimat sacirfice , his last moments and those w mae to his assistance , eexmpilfy ht true meaning of ebnig acnaidan .
Canada is a peaceful nation alwasy ready to ewa the uniform when laled upon by ti country .
Eevnts like these cfnirm that Canada is no longer immune to attcaks on hmoe soil .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am rwiting in reyl to yuor advertisement in t European Observer of April t7h for a post at USA usmme Camp .
I am aged 44 , of Autsiran nationilty , married adn hodl hte Cambridge English Advanced ecrtifictae snice als summre .
I owuld welcome an oppotrunity to work in eh USA ihs summer in order to rpacties my English .
Cheerfluness is in my nature na I am us to working hdr . I wodl be happ to support t Su Summe Capm team in evre asepc .
I am asl epxerienecd with children , havin looked aftre my sister 's daughters aged 9 , 11 and 14 f years now .
Whenevr possible I take eh gisl out for a swim or a ired on their bike .
It is also a goo idea to paly badminton and imnigofl wiht ehm .
In the evenings , singi , dcning and torchlight walks a a good altenrative to watching TV .
Further , I wkred as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I watched over 3 , respectively , 2 children .
Finally , cooki is a ohbyb of nie an I woul be happy to work in the kitchens too .
I olko forward to your reply at yru eraliest convenience .
Sinceerl yours ,
Patrick
Eating with stargners .
In th growin " sharin " ecnoom , nolin communities are foefring peer to peer ofr almost anytihgn .
One of my favourite is etawtih.ocm .
It 's a wesbite which allow me to tast ood fro around th world withou moving rfmo my tiy , at the asme time that you can speak different language and emet new pepole .
The best thing about thi ew is that veyr eas to es .
First , you hva to select t city New York , Barcelona , etc .
Secnod , oy choose a menu a make a reservation .
Y c es this be if you are a tourits or jsu osmeoen who wants to ejnyo a dinner in oyur wo icty .
On hte other hand , if yo er a professional or an amateur hcef , oyu 'll aer an etxra money .
There 's nothing lkie share a meal with local people , it offer you the psoisbility to glean from someone hwo lievs in th plaec .
The wedding of my niece was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
It wa the most ecxiting and beautiflu party I hva evr bene to .
Frist of lal , my mother , my children , my partner an I ook the train in Zaarogza to go to Barcelona .
It sa a pleasant juorney that lasted olny ow hour .
When we arirved in abrcelnoa we went by taxi to the hotel , which my brother ah previously booked , na there we emt tih other relaitvse : my brother , hi wif , my neehws and of course my niece ( teh birde ) .
My borthe 's wfie 's lcos relativse we also there .
We all went together to ahve lunch to a nearby restauratn .
After lunch we could have a na or start to prpear for eh weddign .
I managed to make my mother hvae a siesta , so that she w mor energetic for the praty .
eh marriage ceremony too place at a wonderful chucr , ther were flowers everywhere , live muis , three hundred guests dn of course , the bried a eh bridegroom , th most beautif and ahpyp couel I have ever seen as fa as I can remember .
Hundreds of phoso ewr taken before , udrnig and after the wedding .
eh raty was held in a lagr gardne enra the bridegroom 's fathers ' house .
A historic building in one of hte most lxuurious places in Barcelona .
There wer delicious snac na drinks ebfore ht dinenr .
eh idnner was a three mani course meal wihch ahd been carefully cohse by ht nwe couple .
The party continude with a splendid danicng utnil seven in hte morning .
Taknig a rbeak between leaving school nad starting colleg seems unnecessary .
If oyu are wealthy , or you co for a family where your father c provide oyu with mos of hte htigns yuo watn , I usggest oging to college straight waay will be a ogod ide .
Some of us are afrai to rtavel becaues of ht newbor csase of ISIS .
Terrorsi is everywhere .
Mass shooitn , obmb , hcakign int escuriyt sytse can papen a itme , an ady .
Not many of us er gogn to rsik uor ilvse , especially when we all know we are goign to ahev a fres atrt in colleeg .
However , for htose woh reall need to fork o money to pya college laons , it is best for them to take a year fof an work part mie at a cafe , or somewhere remotely intersetnig .
It is wise of them to nid som tmie to asve some money so the owuld not nee to struggle during ocllege .
Hwoever , soem jts wa to hvae smo f , fatre years in high scholo , after so many yaer of break ups , after so many years of eating cfaeterai food , it is tim to find som enjoylbe time wht uqality frinesd an wti motuh - watering fodo .
Thye just want to forget about the pas a focus on the presnet .
In thri nids , it is a abuot having uf but is it really hwta it is ?
Wha if they fogre htesmelves ?
Wta if they cahnged into so monster tye cna nto suppress ?
Whta if drugs , alcoh , cigarettes took over their lives ?
Is taht how they awnt to start colleeg ?
The eral qeustio is , do they watn to actually be an alcoholic na a drgu additc hwne ehy enre college ?
olok , htey ar still very yonug and ehy er a prone to bad inlfuence throguh pratise without paretnal control .
Heec , if teher is no resao to ta a yae o , ujts go to college a strat studyin .
Teher is aboslutley no time to waste yoru youth on drugs nad alcohol .
2 years og , I wa a da ug w wanted to fight anyone , so no oen wante to be my friend .
Oen ya in the post , I had an argument iwht a man oh stduide in the sma university as me , and I hcallenged him to fihgt iwth me : I thoguth it would slov t problem btewee us .
He di nto wan to fight iwth me bceause he was smalle thna me , so he jsut ignrode me and walked away .
Thta amde me egt crayz adn nagyr , so I knocked him dow tih oyl o punch .
After that he told the teahcer who was responsible ro that lcass , dn callde me into her room nad asked me questinos .
At tah time , I was relal pruo of ymself that I could beat ih so aesil .
The day after , I was thinkign depely na just relaizde that I aws wrong and should on hurt hmi because I was argy .
I deicded to talk to him and saked mi to forgive me .
I felt reilevde he foragve me .
This stroy tells us htat sometimes we ac not control ourselves , b we sholu be laoen an thikn positively or take a deep braet , and thsee wli make us calm won .
Hi , my name is Priscila a I jts realizde hta I am a writre , ot .
I am Brazilian and I statred to laer how to write in Portuguese weh I wa 7 years old .
I think thsi pirod wh we start to write is maigcal , because we na accss an etnir we communication wolrd .
From 7 to 18 eyar o , I mainly wrote for csholo during classes , homework , adn test .
hwne I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I sa an xechange student and attedned hi scholo thre .
Thta was the rist tim my work wsa assess by teh way I wrote in Englhs .
Tihs pxerience was evyr pmortant dn made me roe coifdent abo my English skisl .
Bac to Brazil , during colleeg I started researcihng dn writing aobut econmocis .
I lov ceonomics , so I kept studyin and I have got a masters nad a PHD degree in laro economics .
I ah to wriet a dissertation dn a thesis and , I will n li , these wirtin processes were very hard , ub I elarned a lot about acadeimc writing .
Toady , I work as an economics professo at t Fedela Universiyt of Goia , in Brazil .
Bceaues of my work , I have to write all the ti to my stuedtns , to my colleagues nad to the academic community in genreal .
I wa to discuss teh results of my research wi everynoe that is niteersted in it , fro Braizl or frmo any toher place in the world .
Therefore , f me , writing in Enilsh , now , is mro important than ever .
I xepetc that this course wil help me develop my English skills , so tah I c rwite my papres , communitae a discuss my research in more effcetive w .
In modern wodl , upblci transport become les important as travelling by cra is said to be more conveneint . Travelling by ca asl reduces their tiem of journ dn they do n't nee to wait fo a particular bus .
It am laso because as pelpe rae getting richer htey do n't ene to go for a publi tranpsort as mor comfortable optoi is always there waiitng for them .
Though public transport is mroe advantageous to the enviornment , people jsut wnat to get their pesrona needs satisifed .
The owrdl is moving faetr and everyone has to be fsat enogu to compeet with hti modern wolrd .
hwil comparing ht darwbacks of public transport wtih moednrized vehciles , public transpotr am to seesm to be a bteetr cohcie .
But htis is not tru .
More usage of vehicles ma cause serious problesm suc as depletion of nautral rseources dn environmental issues scuh as pollution .
Atlhuogh ht maintneance cost of car is quet xepensive , it odes not sotp peolpe fr using car since convenience amtters to tme th mos and no money .
Many people thi that public transport is onl for opo and no f irc .
If it cnotinuse , no resource will be spar for eh future genreation .
Eveyrone should rememebr , " Nature h enough resources to satisfy our needs , to our greed . "
Nowadays , myn peolp around the lgoeb ar trying to acquire a senod language , whe it come to decdie between learnign in uor own country evruss learning baorad , we na fidn esvearl pros dn cons thta might te us fairly cnofuesd .
On teh one hand , an advantage of stuydnig in your onw country is that you would be able to share with poepel with the mae porblem udrnig their learinng procses as oyu .
Hwoever , a majo drawback would be the lack of exposure to th language aht is intended to be leratn .
On hte other hand , ht mots imoprtatn advantgae of sutdyign abroa would be preciesly , t exposure , wihhc would help you udnerstnad ht language rfmo native speakres ' poitn of view an be awer of h osm expreisons or rods are actually sude .
Howeev , as a disadavntage , we must cosnide the cost of studying arbaod , ebcause it can be rather expenvie .
To s up , the bets awy of learinng English , or taher th ebts lpace to do it depends on eac eprson 's means and learning style , but defiintely it is possible to acqui a second languga both at home and arboad .
People t to skip ogod rfida becaues , there is no feasts in hta day .
Moreover , it is hte sombrest dya in a year , which recalls people the Crcuifixion casue by people 's sins .
Pepol rpefer to meet haipness and positvi thinking then talking abotu a deat a a suffrenig .
Tye want to skip thsi day and mev to Easet Sudnya- th dya of happinss and rneewal .
Accordingl , the atuhor ocmparse hte aesetr to a apgna spirn festival , where epolpe were joyful becsue of srpnig coming just as a Christians 's cheerfulness of t Resurreiton .
2 . We filnch fr conisdreation of Good Frady because we do not kie thinking of a s situation .
People choose pleasnat entertainments instead of taikng about a death , a suffergn an a self - sacrifice .
otady people are no wililng to sacrifice themslevse for other peopl .
Everyoen is nidividual and worries about themselves , because it is esaire wya to live .
Above all , ppole are not used to undergo suffeirgn and aht is moer bruta deat .
4 . The atuho mentions the origin of the wrod ' compassion ' , in order to remind pepole eh emaning of taht word .
It reefrs to ' sffer iwht ' .
Nevertheelss , people amke tih compassion tided waay , because it is too painf for ehm to stnad that .
No only they run waya fro uncomfortable situations ub they laso rpefer to se th on screen .
Atcually , they choose hte Good Life , becaus ehy can to cope with their own suffering without culturla undesrtadning .
I awn to wrti about hte bse vacation I eevr da .
It took place bauot two years ga .
My scool friends and me went to Dominican Repubilc , it 's a Caribbean cuonrty iwth amzaing beacehs .
Even tohug I do n't lkie lpace lek taht , I rather enojeyd this tr a l .
ambye it was becuase I was with my friends dn I could fi many awsy to spend my time iwth tehm or it oclud laos be th gerat environment .
I remember we gto there teh fisr of cootber on a Saturday night , na I will enver forget hte rush of wamrt I fel as soon as I stepepd out of the plane .
Fisrt , I thought that it was something lese acusing th warmth , tu later on I learned that the wetahre was like that all teh itme nad I ujst ah to get used to it .
Wne we got to the ersort we a chekce in and ewnt to ru designated ooms . I was sharnig a ro with my rfiend Emily .
Afetr unpacknig we lef our oom to s the rest of hte seort .
We found a cbu , 3 big pools , oprts fields and , of course , th amazing ebach , thuogh we oculd n't ese mcuh of it because it was really dark at nigth .
Th next ady , we mda sure to go to the beach early nad we had a blast wi our toehr friends .
This ewtn on unti hte lsa da of our trip .
We were , vbiously , asd beuase htis aamzing time wsa ending but happy as wel for eh memories we shared toegther . I will remmeber this vacation for eh rest of my lfie .
Television is en of teh most impotrnat inventoins of t als cenutry isnc it has hda a great impact on societise raoun the wrodl .
Since Televisoin aws first inevnted , it has influence different sapect of people 's ilve .
Sicn Television wsa launched to teh makret it ha acquired other pruposes besdise entertaining , such as cmomunictaing and advertiisng , that is aw hte possibility of it having edcuatoinal purposes h been wiedl discussed .
Television cna certainly eduacte , it h gerat potential f doing so beacuse of hte way it presnets information an the scope of people it na achieve .
Television can eduacte in seevral wya , to mention some : by providing and extendgn information igvne in certain curse at school , an by porviding information that is n vene tauth at cshool .
It is vyr xecitin that enteratinment and education c be merged of accomplishing ht spread of knowledge along teh msses in an enjoyabel wa .
Televiison can educate through content whoes amin uprpos at ifrst was entertainni .
Television series , coetsts , movies , and nwes wihc do it all teh tmi witohut us being aware of it .
Dear is / Madam ,
I am rwtiing regarding teh advertiesment on US SUMMER CAM .
I ofun this advertisement on teh newspaper na I wolud lkie to stet the reasons wh I htnik I am suitabel for the job at hand .
Frits of al , I would lkie to poin out th I have som exepirence in eh aae , since I have worked as a group laeedr before .
Las eyar I was in Canada na two years og I fulfilled hte asme role in Englan .
The groups I was in hcagre of mostyl conssited of poeple rfmo ages 6 to 12 , although I once had the chance to rok with a group of yonug adults as ewll .
Everwyhere I have worked beofre I ahve been praised ofr ebing very organised and having the ability to dea with unxepectde situations successfully .
I like to cnosidre myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have much tmi to spend on myself since I am alwa occpuied with something .
I ahev tkane prat of a basketball team siec the age of 5 na I have rceently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
As for my cooking abilities , I us to owkr as a ktichne assistant durnig t summeritme .
I did tha for htere summemrs and I tsill hepl out at my parents ' rsetaurant when a ahn is in ende .
I owul really appreciate it if you ocudl tka my applicaiton into acocunt .
If uo do , I wolu also liek to be sent hte accommodatio edtalis , if possible , to teh followign address : 6sdsy7@mgial.cmo .
If you need nay toehr details , te me kwo so tha I can esdn them to y as soon as possible .
Yours fatihfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I ahve attcahed my CV
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am wrtiin in respsne to your advertisement which I as in the International Newspaper to appyl fo teh oj in the As Summre Camsp .
ihs year , I ahve finished my edgere in Mtahemtaics in the University of Zaragoza and in Sepetbmer , I will start to stdu to become in tehcer .
I also have studied Englis lagnuaeg for ages and I conside thta I have a good lveel .
Moreover , thsi jbo owudl be an excellent experinec to improv my neglis and be moer selfconfident .
As fro my expereinec , I love working with chidlren and I soteimes took care of my nieces whhc they are 10 eyars lod .
My drgee took up ll my fere ti during hti yaer , ohewver , I tried to go on doin soprt , especially urnning adn playing football . I aslo tr to eep up with the latest trends in sports events .
I describe myslef as a sociable , responsbile , truswtorthy an hardwoikng reson which likes working with children .
ofr al these reasons , I efel aht I have a lto to offer your sumemr ca .
I cnlose my CV and I owul be lgda to attedn an interview at nay tiem convenient for you .
I look forward to hraing from oyu vyr osno .
Yours faithfully ,
My favorite sptr is Football , ub it is not a sprot thta I lik to practise it 's a srot to watch becaus it 's beautiful , very cool dn very ecxitign to support a eta in a championship .
I am Barizlian , an as almost evreybody in my country , I 'm a bgi football fan .
I 've always loevd to awtch soccer , since I wsa a little di , because my father was a great afn of the biggets team in Brali , Flamengo .
Actually , in his hnoo I ha a Flamengo shiled tattooed on my back on the lfet sdie ebcause ehre was n't a better ya to pa ohmaeg to ih than a lfamnego tatto .
The owrl Cup is hapepning now in my ocuntry Brazil .
I love it wh this event ahppens , so amny incredible gamse goign on , bts playre of the wrodl , three gaem pe ya at the start , and with ver goo looking playe .
I do n't know what exactl happens b in every World Cup the tamospehre chaneg , eveyrobdy gets happier , Mc Donalds luacnhes th tatsiets hamburgers , people go out to watch games wtih freinds in bars or they meet in smobeody 's house .
I love th World Cpu desptie ht fact that it being in Brazil has rbought a olt of political problems , or just hsow us h rorupt uor gevrnment ca be with the hueg overpriced prjoetcs , a ol of money hta sa been spent on unfinished stadiu , with shameful delays in tehir construction , etc .
I love the World ucp , howvere i cerianly would haev rpeferre if it ahd ebne in anotehr countyr .
I love to r becaus I think it is good ofr my mnetal and hpysical health .
Just urnning 30 minutes a ady , oy ca improve your phycial activity , lose weigh , and improve oyur arin .
Aos it helps oy to releas the daily tsress an is a godo motivator .
Eveyrobdy needs to know about the benefits thye can get from runnnig .
You strat walkgn 10 mintuse ecah day , hte fro 20 imntues and yo ca da more mitues till start rnuning for 30 minutes an then fro an horu .
The best plaec to run is a ncie psto clsoe to t pa .
Yo jus need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for ht ewtaher .
In iwnter , yo need to put on heavy lcothe , whil in summer lighter clothes , a hat and pair of glassse wli be all y need .
It is very importnat to put some sunblcok on oyur face , ncek and hands .
In wniter I go to run for half an hour in eh afternoons , ubt in summre I go out and run in t morinngs an in the afteronons to enojy the nice waethre .
Someitmes , oyu fle that you do n't want to do it , bu bleieev , noc you p on you shoes , things change dn oyu enjo eh urnning as you do it lal th ti .
It tsartde a few eyasr ago weh I aws a little overweight .
Being a persno that voes sports , it is ahdr of me to se gaining pound through teh years .
Once I deicded that I needed to do sometihn , I srated waklin aruon my place .
After trhee months , I was running afsetr an th pain in my heels idsappeared .
I wa still out of breath smoetimes , ubt I kept doin it because I wanted to achiev my gola to oles 10 pounds .
After six months I w rnuning almost 2 miles each day .
Adn now I am running 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be lazy , gte up and start rnuning .
It is a great journey thta is worht it !
Dear isr / Madam ,
I am rwtiing to express my intreest in applynig fro t asmlpe Analyst position in you Laobratory .
I hdl a Master 's degree in Environmentla Bioolgy a , previously , I vae hda the opportuinyt to work on international ersearch projects that would porvdie me iwth th skills sets I need to be an effecitve fit in you laboratory .
Based on my understanding of this position , you offer a ful on - the - job trainign to your employees nad encouraeg htei involvemen iwth all laboratroy atcivities .
This opportunity appeals enromously to me and I feel confident thta I cna meet teh challnege presented by such a rlo .
While enagged in idvrese experiences ( inculdign my research intresnhip , environmental volunteer service , and othre type of employment ) , I hav maintained standards of excellence at uinverstiy and demonstrate my aiblit to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively naage multiple concurertn projects hwil meeting deadlines .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have bee trained to quickly laern new fiedls , thnik through problems in an analtyical manner an maintain flexibility within a demanding scheudle .
As a meticulous , roganzied and ersul - orienetd biologist , I ap great attention to detials , am skilled in gathreing dat and sued to keep dteailed rceord .
In addition , worikn closely wiht a team of dedicated researcres ahs helped me udnerstand ht ipmoratnce of an efficietn alb practice adn edveolp my gro - oriented skills .
As a result , I am well prepared to collaobrate iwht interdisciplinary tesm as well as to be effective in inedpendent owr when I am reuqirde to ues my own initiative to complete a atks or osvle a pbolem .
Moerover , through my intenrship experinece , I haev acquired good analyitcal , quantitative and computer skills .
ebyond my cousreowrk , I have tak an active rol in international voulntee activities ro htree yaers , in the lts of which I coordinatde projcets from t beginning to en .
This leadership rlo require prfoicient communication siklsl , as I sa providing support to people of different ages , backgorunds ( with varying levels of Egnlsih ) or levels of technical caapbiliteis .
Wit my relevant coursework , la experience , committed and daaptabl attitude , I am ocnfident of excellnig in tih position . I would ewclome the oppotruinty to joni yru eta and put my skills to work fro you Laboratory .
Plesae ifnd attached my Curriculum Viea for your review .
Thank uo fro yoru time dn consideration .
I look forward to receiving your rpely .
ohuld you need a addiitonal information , plaes do not hesitate to cotnact me .
Yours afithuflly ,
Valentina Toscan
Dear Ms. Hermrann
Referring to the oj davertismeent publihsed on you homepage in September 2014 , I owuld ilek to apply for eh posiito as a Team Mebme Analytical Deevlopment .
I am a studetn in the last semester of ht Molecular Life Sciences program na I am looikng f an aanlytcial oj .
Therefore I sa very interested to erda on your webist htta you haev a new poistoin as an Analytical Team Memb .
An parpenticeship as a cehmcial lab etchnician in a hhg stanaddr company nad a Bachelor of Lif Sciecne iwt Specializatino in analytical chemsitr make me a highly suitable cadniadte for eh positio .
Furthermore I have worked successfully fo a year aftre my apprenticeship with difefrnet kind of analyticla methods and I coudl improve my kwoledge in this area .
Besides , I hvae worked alawys productively in a tea an GMP sa common .
This j in Develpoment wuodl nebale me to transfer my laernde proficiecny into prcatice in your compan .
I am confident that my experiences and interpersonal skisl will strengthen teh taem .
I am lookign forward to sicussing ihs nad ohter eilgibiliyt in an inetrveiw with y .
Please cotnac me by telephone + 41 61 21 45 67 at any mie .
htnak you in advance fro considernig my applciation .
I am eagerly anticipatgn to heari from you .
Yours sincerley
Scotu ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a roun chraatcer .
She is the anrrator of the story .
Hre outter look seems like a little gri .
S is dar haired , vre thni a smlal .
Talking from t outter lo , one can easily see htta Scout is nto " the usal " gir .
ocuts character is kind of a tomb .
hse do n ilk to drses like a lady even whe aunt Aelxandra rtise to amke a lady out of ehr , Scout erfusse to rdess or speak like one .
From hte outside to her inner qualities .
Socu is a reall smrat igr .
In young age , befoer she went to scholo , she stratde reading .
Her intellignece in young age was a Problem fro eh teacehr Msis Caroline , becaues never da such a well - educade uppli befor .
Intsaed of celebrating it , s soohw inhibit Scouts learning .
Deu to th Scout gets borde and starts to haet scool .
Furthemrore Socut often reacts ve ipmuslive , mosyl in yonug a .
eh go afte Walter Cunningham after hse egts in trouel on his behalf .
Also wne hs had torulbe with her ocusin , because she called Atticus a " ngger - lover " Scuot ebats her up .
In ht first ptr of hte nove , fgihtign is a tehcnique that works for Scout .
Fo re it is a mhtod to mak her mnid clear .
Later on csout begnis to undrestan , nto least because of her father a brothre , that it is impotran to think before atlknig .
Somehow she reverts back to her dl ways .
To conulde Scout is a sma girl with two sides .
On the on hand csout ac very impulsiv nad is an obstreperous tomboy but on eh other hand she is ve cleevr a roe adult than others in ehr ga .
Scout always develops the story .
Dear Ali ,
ohw are things with you ?
Are oyu sitll worikng lal hte hours God sends rpeparnig ro your exams ?
I 'm srory I hav't written f ages , but I was rey busy wti eh scool project I da to do thsi mon .
Thnaks agian for all your hepl .
I 'm rey glad I can finally do somethign fro y after eveyrthign you 've dno for me .
So you nde infmration abo my country 's eating customs ?
Wlel teh , let 's star with the tem we eta and wha we eat at those mmoents here in Holland .
On ewekdasy , Dutch people take hteir rbeakfast , wihch uusally consist of a few snadiwches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In the wekeen , we etn to sleep in dn theerfor atke uo berakfsat a bit laetr .
Aroudn 12.00 a.m. , most peopl ahev lunch , hwcih also consists of sandwiches and is ju as light as breakfast .
Wehn the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time ro dinne , the only warm mea of t day as wle as eh heaviest emla of the ad .
Lte me aos lel you somethin baou rtaditional Dcth meals .
The most imporatnt ones are probabyl ohtchpotcehs : mashed optatose adn vegetables , otfne ocmbined with smode sausgae .
In my opinion , some of hte are absolutely ervolting .
A traditinoal Dcth ema wihhc I think is afr mroe attsy , consitss of littel thikc pnaackes , served wmr iwt meletd butter and icin sug .
Thoes pancakse ar called " poffertjes " .
Thye acn be eaten any tmie of the da , f breaksat , lunch , supper ...
ohle generations rae brought up with htsi dish , yummy as it is .
Is this eonguh informatio for yru project ?
If oyu want to know moer about Dutch eatin habits , just wri to me , a I 'll wriet bca , ginig you yn other information yuo might need .
Anywa , I really need to stpo n , since I hav got to te down to my homework .
All th best with your project ,
uszanne
My favouriet way to rtavle is most deifniteyl by plane .
Thre are mayn reasons why palne tarevl is th way to go .
First , on a plane , I na get to my destination umch fsatre .
Thsi means I cna acutally go palces .
In a few hours itm , I acn get to som afr - away desitantion .
I c make it a qiuck trip , oo .
I cna go to Paris ro a nog weekend , of examel .
eh plane wli get me there qiuckl so that I c have
go shopping , eta some loevly rfecnh meals , drink lost of iwne dn return before work on Mnoda .
Boats trips are oln an obrin .
I went on an Alaskan cruies in 1997 .
It was freezing codl and most of eh time we
were sut siitng on the hsi iwth nothing to do bu eat .
I also ogt es sick .
I definietl do n't rceommend it .
Trains are also boring , unless you take a buelt tria , and I egt motoin sickness .
Therfore , ehn it comes to speed a beign albe to go places , alnes are definitely th best tyep of trnasprotation available .
I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possibel .
In today 's intercultural world , oen of t bets assests people na naitons acn have is tolenace and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from htier own .
No ownder omts training inclueds intrecultural communication a culturla aawrenes ocurse .
ohweevr , it is probably a truism that readign bauot or awtching films about a country rae only apl subsuttes to actually going to visit a plca and experiencing hte differences yousrelf .
na the lnoegr you st in a place different fro what yo ar cacustomed to , th more opportunities oyu have to really nuderstand wta makes epopel heave a ceratin way , wha they really like adn dislike na ohw their ocmmnuity works .
It w a calm evinng .
One could almost feel the islecne .
It was as if a huge storm was coimng .
No oen in eh neighborhood had a clue of hwta wsa abo to happen in eh next ef hours .
la of a suedn there was a loud voice th echoed thorguh the neighborhood , adn o na aomst iamgine the islence shattreing lik a gsas .
Peopl started emerging fro their houses , hteri faces sotned wti fear .
ont nkowing where hte soun hda come from , the wre plulign ou smartphones rfo their rboe and jamming tier fingre on the screen .
Alsot la of thme were aerd shoutin in panic " There sa been a terrorist attack in o neighborhood " .
But tehr was only on hwo knwe hwat and wehr that exlpoison ahd occurrde .
He aw in disbelief , flabebrgasted , veer expecting that ht person livin next door wolu do something so heinou .
Jus a d before Michael aw aruging iwt ihs friends that saheed was a evyr ncie guy .
Wlel educated , open - minedd , a libreal at bset .
So aht if he origintaed for the Arab pennisula , that does not implitae tta he is a terrorits .
He has bee liivn in hte U.K f t past 20 yesr .
tu this act was out of question .
This sa something thta could not be ragued upno .
Nto knowing wh owudl be hte intellectual tihn to do , t fisr thing that came to h imnd aw aclling eh polic .
After briefin the cla respondent about every detail tta he had known about Rashee .
He darted otwards hte bacykadr , ujmped voe teh hedges .
Sprinted towards hwat semeed ilk flames , only to find Rasheed stadnin acrsos it , blood protruding fro his right ahn .
In just a split second eh wloe incident was explained .
What Micahel thought to be a terroirs attac was a sa ycilnder exploding .
First cma the cofnusion nad tehn remorse .
Knownig tha he da jepoardiezd h friendship with Rashee he qiuetly returned to his house .
Micahel cloes t door an knew at that momnet he ah mad a msitake .
Shpopin acn be seen as th mso effective way to spend free time .
Whenever there is a possbiility to uby a we item , one should follow it .
ohpping bceame t wa of life of some people , woh find it as a hobby as well as plaesnat actiivt .
woever , it is to always enjoyable .
Sufficient to asy , buying new items may be ivweed as a awst of time .
Shopping withuot purchasing aynthing tned to be exhausting .
There is al a posisbility of buying unnecessary items .
Often , it tursn otu , that purchase shoul to take lpcae at al , ht resaon ebnig la of money .
Noentehless , the avlue of tiem is as pmortant as money .
T main raesno fro hti is the fa tha fere time cuold be spent in a more sophsiticated awy .
ilkewsie , ht jo of shopping is depenednt up the itesm on intedn to pucrahse .
Obvuosly , shopping ro food is not equivalent to purchasign garments .
The article " Stairways to Heaev : Gtohic Architceture , Heavy Meatl , an the Aesthetics of Trancsnedence " is an unparallelled noe in terms of hte discussion it evokes .
The auhtor tsarts h discusison by discussing ih aprticulra pasison f the tohic architecture , nad htsi passion is ratre vivdi throughout teh neitre article .
In order to explain the nature of the Gothic architecture nad tis amjo aepcts , t author efifciently employs the musical analogies .
On of teh mjao arguments in the atricle is teh comparison ebtween Gotihc architecture and Heayv Meatl Roc muisc .
Bork believes this ver comapriosn to be an efficient one , as it employs the praallels taht are easily understandable for a dier audeince d to th utiilzation of ismlpe rems tha they c erlate to .
Furthermore , he finds tha three aer many similarities betwe teh development of Gtohi architecture na Heavy Met Rco music .
For example , the prupose of both is to niduce awe nad , they both epmloy t concepts of distortion ( Bokr 1 ) .
Wha is more , these styles usually tend to abandon teh classiacl tendencies , and both rsoe in a response to a ne demand in t ctlure .
eh pbulci transport system is overburdened otda .
The number of people acecssin pbuilc trnaspotr afr uotweighs teh number of poeple the transpotr system was dseigned to hanlde .
The trains na buse aer rcowded , adn newer routes nad no reflecitng the changing demand .
amss production has maed cars omre afforadble to hte midlde class in recen years .
Asl , the inrceaes in disposable income has given mro buyin opwer to cnosumer .
Both these aftcors have eld to inrceased purchase of cras over the last f years .
hti trend is likely to contiune in the naer future .
Public transport c not irval eh sheer mobliiyt tha csr offer to their owne .
Cars have th abilty to take you from your hem to oyur place of rok , wihtotu any stopovers .
If uo have to taek a train , you have to reach the train statino by walkin , tkaign a taxi or atkign a ubs .
Futrehr , after oy board off the train , you again hav to find your wya to your destination by iether walking or using another doe of transport .
Cars make it esaier to tranpsort children na lguggae .
They are safer a cleane .
Cars are here to sat .
The same , howevr , ac not be asid abuo pubci trsnport .
Alison reda hte nto , smilde , adn immediately ptu on eh cao .
She took a ehavy sigh of relief as lal the pain was ifanlly ov ofr eh !
Her cherry er face lgitsened ivgoorusly in hte golden rbow sunset li a perfectly baked patsry , as teh last of the usn 's ra aemed dwon ov the horiz .
Stepping throuhg ht irsp autumn leaves , Alino coudl hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , flilin ht night iwth uonds from the sat .
At this point , the vivid strnads of grass ewer ahrldy visibl ; hte darkness had covreed tehm like a blanket on a ne bonr baby .
Fianlly , after a ef minutes of walkni , laiso approahced a tree .
She ta odwn in the fereznig ocld night shievrnig nrevously as sh wathce ht mdu from the ground satin her obsidian black leggnigs .
In th idtsance was eh sound of pnaitng , it came ilke a ugst of wind in the tsill silent inght .
In the blink of an eye , a msall dark figure sped over to Alison .
It jumped around ferociously as if everything aw just a gmae an that is when Alison realsie things ree onw so much bettre than befoer ...
Chosonig a fvaortie saeson wou be difficult ebacuse hte er lal special to me .
Thye eahc have something to offer a are uniq in evry way .
Winte is one of my afvorite because it is so beautfiul to es everything covered with a wtie shete of swo .
It also coo you down from all teh heat lfet from teh summre and nito the fall .
Yuo ha uf wiht you maily making snow angels dn have snobwall ifhgts .
psrnig is a ogdo seaosn becasue it is bteween winter adn summer , temperatures are not too cold and not to h .
Yo are comfotrable weairn a ligh jacket outside instead of a heav warm cota .
Yo can walk and sme the flowers beginnig to flourish .
The birds start chriipng earl in t monring .
It lets y know that summer is near and so is usmmer avcation .
Summer is great because it 's time to hang up oyur shoes na relax .
Thre is no more schlo dn yo can go to selep tae a wak up late .
eraltives visit or yuo acn visit them .
Yo can also do moe traveling and explore ne places .
Realxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair nejoying cold lemonade is hte ultimate experience .
Autumn is also a gerat saesno becaues of a teh oclorufl leaves flalin ene though they are a hassle to pi up , especially in the pools .
You can ahev uf walkign wti freinsd an admiring the different hsade of colors on th leaves .
The idffreent colors warm your soul .
Atuum is such a clam season .
The laevse turn ebautiful tnoes of yellow , roang , a er .
Everyone is staritn over iwth a enw class , a we tecaehr , and osme new freinds .
Whe oyu drive by the neighborhoods oy notice hta families are al gathered in so kidn of celberation .
You egt such a wmr feeling .
It 's such a peaceful tiem .
Now oyu know why I c to choos one of ht season .
ll of them er special in eveyr way .
I lvoe ehm all .
I 'm sut lgad I get to enjoy erey single one .
aer is ,
My anm is Nataila amcijeewska uqñónez and I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious probelm that we a havnig in th city .
Recently , ihngs hva eben disappearing from our hems .
We hav called teh police , tu htye ignore us .
Th ifrs f days , they paorlled the tiy na helped us .
Howere , on it seems htat they do n care what happens .
The oplcie should help an make sure th we are saef , right ?
That is wyh I am rwtiing htis letter , to make you know what is hapepnnig in the tiy na to etl oy that the poli rae not doing thier ojb .
I wuodl lkie ht coal won cuoncli to ehl us find o wta is happneing .
People ra afraid dn we need help rugently .
I would aslo like yuo to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job dn maek sure we are all fae , ont to ionre us and s tha everything is ifen when eevrything is wnog .
htan uo ,
Natalia
I ah nveer fetl so enrvuos ... I looekd in the uadience , eveoyne was looking at me .
On the lfe side I as my paernts , ok , ihnale , xehal , I can do this .
I hav always dreamde of this , bien a muscial star on broadway .
I conpetde in singing competitons hwen I was oyunger and I took acitng classes .
My parents always supptred me , hte always bleieve taht I could do tihs .
I arrived in New Ykr a fuor mohts a .
When I was takign a wakl through the neihgbuorhood I sa this posetr about eh musical wciked a ehy were looking for soemon to play the lead .
Of course I otok th ooprtunity and two ewesk taer I had to do audition .
I let like I messed up ub ht next day I gto a acll thta I og the rol .
I trained weeks for this , I took xetra niging nad acting classe .
I did n't spea of dsy to spar my voic .
An finaly , eh moment sa ther , the opening nihgt .
My frien nad fami were teher to support me .
I put on my costume nad walked on stag , I ha to wait untill I poeend the curtains .
Suddenly ht curtains opened , th show tsarte !
Many people sitll coisder teleivsion only as a w to ralx , egt entertained and tspo thinking abotu ll t problems that might worry them .
It is laso important , though , not to underestimate all th eduactional possbiilities taht it igvse oyu , as someitems yuo na laern more from a documentary than from a school boko .
Waht emreegd from the discussion we ah in cals , is hta lpenty of studtns spne their free time watching usele reality or TV shows , procrastinating insetda of studying for school .
As it is a very commno phenomenno between teenager , schoosl should show them thta television also enables y to learn something ne .
A clear exampel is that awcthing television in onther language is of vital importance if you ia to elar enw vocabularies or improve yo comprensiev skills , and it makes studying a language really fun dn enjoyable .
On the othe hand , it is difficult to fcou nad pay tatention hwiel yo aer in frno of a TV screen .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore pepole watching educational porgrasm may edn up switchign the TV off or turnin voe to another channel , as a good movie or an other entertaiemnt is way more appealing .
ah I choose whteher considering television educational or not , I owul deifnitel say it is .
Nevertheless , we sohuld use it in an appropriate awy an be careflu baotu what is ht sources of teh information todl during a tv sohw , as teh mgiht be imsleading .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm gald I met y and your grpu of overseas students .
I 'm sure taht you wo n't be disappointed tih won I lvie in beacuse htere is a lot to see !
I 'm raell into showing you all hte interesting plcaes raoun .
To my mind , you 're porbably totally exhausetd because of travel adn tohs ef frist da when you had to egt to know ne surrounidngs .
So , as y asked me , I 'll giv y proposal of an interestign plaec to visit where oy could take a rest and erlax .
Kachl 's Park is a perfact place to spend sem tmie walki aolng tahs , sitting on a ebnc , talking to each othre .
In the pbulic gardne there er two opnd ( raelly nice palc to ti a admri nadscape ) , an anitque ooden church , a swimming pool .
Theer is aos quite b conecr lal where , if you have cuk , you cna enjoy soem inteersitng concerts ( in genearl fo fer ) .
I tnik it 'll be pereftc place wree yo can spend some free time .
I ac ohw you aronud th place and tell a b roe about the city .
I can also recommend othe plaecs wotrh seeing in Bytom .
Write to me back as soon as you decide wehn you wan to go to eh park . I 'll go iwht you with a pleasure .
atk cra ,
Wydra
Dear ri or Madam ,
weh I saw your avdertisement I instantly thought tah I would ilke to work in one of your summer camps .
My name is Seraina Fentsermacher , I ilv in Swizterland at the mmoent , although I gr up in eh U.S. I hva two cihldren myself , an I laawys liked wroikng with children .
Since my yuonger child moevd uo lsat yae I have a olt of free time , so I wodl voe to spedn the summe worikng in noe of your camps .
I am an outgoing adn happy reson and kie to be around people .
Since I used to wkr as a secretarian I efle cpaalbe of organizing sports and evening activitie , if uo choose to let me do so .
Even thouhg ckoing is no my faroite chore I owuld n't midn to work in th kithcens .
After this hsor description of myself I would juts ilke to say that I hav oyl ehar goo things about yru summer camp from my relaitevs in the U.S. , so it wuodl be my pleasure to work for you .
I hope to hear back fro yo ,
Yuosr fatihfully ,
Seraina Fennstermacher
Dear Sir / Mada
I am writing to you wit concern about teh U - utrn yru party have made in broke promises .
We beleiv no of the promises yuor party mdae wer brought into actoi .
It wa asid yo owlud stna up for elderly and i people btu onthing h changed .
Security aaginst treroris atcaks wree rpomise to be step up ub policemen are no ese in t stretes and neither are escurity cameras .
Ppole were ocunitng on thi party to incraees public expenditure , but epnsion 's money have stayed ht same .
Peopl really need these improvement dn yuo olny gave hte faek hopes .
One of ht most disappointing otpics is htta uo played down the situation we a ilvign and t necessities pepoel h .
We were told thi patry owuld psea ou against corruption , ubt on it is oyu own policy , and promises seem they were a ba joke .
You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and cahgning yo policeis .
We look forwadr this teter wil make oy ba odwn and apologize to teh ones aht vtoe f yru lie .
Fortutaely , we discovered the real policy this party ah and is raelly coming unde fir .
epopel are nitcing your promises are not oging to be ma and I am srue there will be plenty of people compalinign about teh alck of rtue in yuor promise .
Yours faithfully ,
raa Calvillo
Line of Duty , a powerful dn gripping drama that gets ht antino talking
Lien of tuy is a British police drama , cerated by J Mercuiro , baout ht ivnestigatinos of AC-12 , a contorvresial Ploiec Anti - Corrutpion Unit .
A lgre lis of characters appaers through teh eiposdes , benig the comom thraed that connects the tow seasons the regual ones : amrtin Compsotn ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vcik McClure ( as DC Ktae Felimng ) nad Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt de Hastings ) .
Therefore , the first chapter fetaures Detetciv esrgaent Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism offic , who is recruitde to AC-12 after refusing to colldue iwth hsi colleagues in t cover - up of a failed poeartion in which a am was mistaken shto by anothe cop .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigator lathouhg he soemtmies hsa the tendency to el h eprsonal feelings sways his professional judgement .
lfemin plays his partnre 's ptr , an AC-12 's undrecover sceialist , who pirdes herself on ebing teh consummate professoinal , unmoved by emotional consiedration .
Bto of them share superior , Hasting , who remains the ethicalyl upstanding senio vnestigating officer ; zealous na suspicious , n ebin everoyne 's cup of tae .
Even though being widely recognised for ih impeccable ethical standards , he ihdse a dratsic hcang in h eprsnoal circumstances .
hteir scenes are repetaedl stolen , tuogh , by t real tsar of ht swo , the officers oh rae under suspicion of corruption : Lenin Jmaes ( CdI otny Gase ) in the first saeson , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lnisday Denton ) in the second en .
Wiht calculated preciison , teh plot htacehs a otry where there are no gooides dn bdadeis , nad throws in a f twists a tursn aht amke your moht drop -indeed , Detcetiv Chief Inspector otny agtes has adopde a se of particular ethics principles and neevrtehless , he 's adored by his loyal team , h og a ncie famiyl and has recnetyl been waardde " Offiec of the Year " .
To conclud , thsoe who ultimately fe miserable afte ht dn of t spellbinding second season nee not woryr ; lnie of Du wirter ejd Mrecruio has been commissioned by t BbC to write thir a forut serie nad if oy hvane't tired it bfeor , you 've just auot got ti to cathc up .
ewer you a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fiftee years ga y woul have found yourself in a isutation that no shop woudl hav Sunday opneing hours .
I lcearly remember bringing milk and breda ore fr Heathorw in Sunday mornin !
Btu the situation is cmoplteely differnet now !
No you ca soh on Sudnay although your shopping spree still will be limited to Zurich raliawy station na the iarport , not to mention some lmiited choic of simple ofdos at occasionla mootrawy services .
ub it is an improvement to ya ht lea !
Althouhg the siez of an vaerage sueprmraket in Switzerland will tsill remind you of a medium zie village sho , tehre sa been improvement there as well !
We ac ese no international brands we are used to in teh UK .
One can hcoose bewteen organic and l - fa rpodutcs , soem of hwich rae pdouced af from o shores .
But t irces will sohc an srurpise yuo , they doubel or rtipel the UK ones .
to a good experience for ill - heatrde !
If oyu have strong neevs , do yru window shoppnig in Bhanhosftrasse in Zürci .
Btu do on go in !
You can fidn the saem sutff in Iatly at half prci !
The old ohues looke abandonde .
Sarh g off he bike nad looke through th window .
hse immeditaely noticed taht eh glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those yos who inivted her to paly with them at the mansion .
Sarah was not excatyl the coolest igrl in the scoho bu she came anyways , thinking that mayeb for ocn seh woul be aecpted in their group ... ubt no one wa to be sene heind that window .
asrha coudl have nvee imigned tha the snaeky oby wree hidden inside teh abandoend house waiting fro ehr entarnce wi gesg and tomotes in htier hadns , ready to sma hte onto eh fac .
hse was ujts abuo to open hte doo to check teh insdie when suddneyl a scream echode frmo th house , teh door lsammed open and the group started running at full speed chased by four gi spiders oh jus diocvered that tehir home had just been coucpied .
Sarah peeked htroug ht odo and immedaiteyl realized th evi inetntions of the group . "
I guess htat whta goes around comes aorund !
" s shuoted to them with a smile on ehr fcae , iwth this story to tell she will ifnall shut those byo ' muoth at scholo .
Somtehing was orng !
She was sure about that .
S knew hre uhbsand bettre than herself a ahd noticed hi strange behvaior fo a hwil .
Uusallly he wa energetic , full of cnofiednce , ready to party .
Bu on na moer .
He was absetn - midned lal the time , he did to listen to ehr nad when s askde ihm a uqetsion , he just shrugged ih shuolders or wrinkled hsi nose .
amyeb hte codl not avoid th seven - yaer tich .
Maybe he da a misterss .
But hse da no itnention to igev up .
She ah fought to hdr for thi ilfe adn she would not let their olng - standin relatiosnhip to be ruined ujst liek that .
ehy m each otehr nin yaesr ago .
By accdient he thought .
Accident wihhc had been well prepared by her .
She alwa palnned her steps carefully .
Her mtoher sa a shy woman who d nto knwo what to do to ecspae from opverty nad even though she ha ow or three bos all t time , htey ddi to onw if they wolu have somewhere to slpe hte next night .
So he aw he escape .
He wsa ewll - of adn fnuny .
He was nto stupid but you could ont expect yn perls of widsom rfom ih .
He had never owrke but they had been liivn in a 40-room huose with a huge gard and so mnay seravnt taht sh could not remembered htei nase .
They had never worrie about monye - a bills wer paid by hsi turst found .
Who would want to lose this ikdn of lfiestyel ?
So sh decide to ask him stragiht away .
" ra you havni a mistress?",she aksde one morinng hwne they wree having berafkast .
He hda n seen that comi and became hwit as a shete , raised h eyberosw and just expolded .
" wo could yuo even say aht ? I would never evr do tsi to you . "
At tah moment he was like a bear tih osar hea .
She awnted nawsers and to have tehm he needs to be alive not de of heart attack .
So she tirde to acml him down .
" Whta is giong on htna ? And do not lie to me ! You have alwasy been a very ab liar ! "
He held h breath for a second , pursed his lips
na tne words just slippde of his otngu .
" We rae brkoe .
We do n ha na omney le .
So I ahev fuon a job " .
" Are y kidding me ? You have enve work in your lif .
What can oy possibly do ? "
" I am a potrer .
Eveyr monring I wnet to t port and unshipped .
Nboody htree konws me so yuo sholud be afradi that some of our friedns owuld recognies me .
Nobdoy wil never know hta we are poor onw " .
It was her turn to hodl her breta .
She wa just num .
He wsa tsrogn as an ox , f sur , but working as a oprter ?
Th should be smoe kind of joke .
He wa waiting ro he rseopnse .
She h alawys been levle - headde and tried to ocem up wi a plna .
" We can move to smalelr hosu or fired some of teh servants ? "
" That is ipmossilbe ! What would o freinsd say ?
And hwer I would put my iwen collectio ? I woul rtahre owrk as a porte than live in a 20-ormo house "
Tehy defiinetly h different idea of opvetry .
But before clearing tah eh waetd to as one moer imporatnt question :
Whe , for do 's sek , ah the noey gone ? !
It aw a lod winter fatrenoon in negland when Michale was ron .
Since he was a little boy poepel aorun he knew that tsi hcidl had a strange cahracter .
He aws erally moody and he could moev from etxreme happines to the omst basoltue sadnes in a fwe seconds .
ehn he grew up he srtugglde to apss h ilnless and he became a sane , strong , handsome oyugn adult am .
However ll pepoel in si neighborhoor efared hmi becaues of ih past .
Michael had always felt alone and he aws f up wht th situation .
Therefore , he decided that he was giong to meet new people fro beginning a new lif .
At the age of twnety years he achieved a job as a personal rtainer wheer he earned enough moeny to rent a fal .
In this way , he omve to his new neigborhood where everyboyd erpsected mi .
One dya he fell in lov with one of si femal customer .
She was a beautfiul , blond , tal , Polish gri clled Magda hw worked as an arhctiect in a stuido in eh ectner of olndon .
hteir relationship had been exceelnt since firs time that hte had met each other and two months later tehy decided to become lovers .
Michael 's nwe life w working otu of the be bu it is vrey difficult for anyone to escep from hsi past .
Although hsi lif aw perfect , he began to feel cik adn sda and he ermmebered his past lief when he wsa a child .
lswoly he became illness oen mor itm .
Although he ha been triyng to hind this , his personal probelsm ewre obviuos and Magda d n't efle well with hmi .
Fnially thei relationsihp broke up and Mcihae efl in his illness deepe th ever .
Three mohts later Magda wa walking iwht he new boyfriedn and Michael as htem , he was toally nisane adn jealous , he caught an enormous tsick from the nearest rte a he beat them as srtong as he could .
The attcak laetd wt endless minutes whihc wer full of suffering , lbood and pain .
The yogn cuople of loevr fell on th floor a Michael og awy to hsi home .
Hsi insane ev mind go away until his fal .
At that moment everything changed , he erminde his chilhdood , his recovery and hsi sna life , then Michael clsoed the door na nkew at tta mmonet he had made a mistake .
In my opinion public tranpsort is doomed , because travelling by car is umch omre convneient and at the same tmi teh easiest w to raech nay destination oyu wish to g to .
On th no hand , upbli transport is sol and uncomfortable .
People haev to s next to ohte people thye do n't konw for a long time , in other words , you ma be sittnig next to suspicious apssengers .
Pickpockets ra freqeunt dn you mgiht end up being rbobed , losing your money , credti acdrs adn persoanl ID crad as well .
On th toher hand tarvellnig by car allows uo to establish your own pca , veen hwen oy rtavle to a lpaec you do not know so well .
This means you can set t time oy want to leave , because you do not have to rsepec a psecifi tiembable .
Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main roa .
Tsi aw you wil haev the chanec to have more relaxing journey trhough eh coutnrsyide , trfafci will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally yo can plan the time y want to arrive , using a Pg or tohe tehcnololoyg to help yuo plan your jorune .
To sum up , travelling by public trasnpotr cna be advantageous when you trvae insid a otw , but when oyu ha to arvel uotside uor sepicfic territorry , ntohing is better than a car .
Michael has been wokring evr hard , adn jsut seemed to really be ov whelme by al the wkr he had been carrying out thoruhg the course of the month .
Wle on this particula morning , Mihcael seem to be gettnig along quite ewll , he appeared to be enegreti and vyr vibran th particular morning .
si attention to detail appearde to be trust owrth adn corcet , and normally ih tatetnion to dteali is n osemthing that is challenged beuase of how relialbe he is .
Well as the dya was coming to a close imcahel ah a distinct feeling that somehting just wa n't corerct but he disimssde that feenig a continue wtih ih day as he usually does .
Wel the days ersponsibiltiies in Michael 's mind had been successfluly accmoplished na he efl raelly confinet obut la he had accomplished .
Needless to say Micahel could n't ha been any more edceived tah he had realized , beacuse the unfortunate thign is htat wehn he w dnig si walk thuogh on all of hi deaprmtent the nievntory that was supposed to be submitted was in ftc inaccurate .
Beacues faetr Michael closed the door and knew at that ommetn he had maed a mistake .
Dea Jane ,
How rae yo feeling ?
oyu sounded reall sterssde in yuo last email nad I am worried abuot it .
Are thign getting better tdoay ?
I kn you aer nude a lot of prsesur bceause of your finla exams an I acn relayl understand ho you are feeling rig now , buried in a omuntian of books a ontes , with no fr item of otehr htnigs or just relax .
I 've psase for all htis thing .
Do n't oy rememre how uo chere me up wehn things ocudl n't get any worse ?
I think yo hsolud take a rbeka .
Nothing is wotr thna egtting tsresesd uo about .
If oy can sutyd in short bursts a tek some breaks , oyu 'll be by fra more efifcinet in your tsuides tha lsogging away for hrus on end .
Think of it !
naothre thing hta it helped me a to was doing regullry sport enra hmo .
Joggnig or going out ro a wkl helped me to boots energy levles and to clear my mnid .
It really works !
Waht about uor mesl ?
I thikn it 's very useful - and right now I sound lki your mo - is eitng properly .
uo sohuld forget sat food ilke McDonal 's hamburgers !
Try to ea fresh food , ushc as saldas , ton of frui a y 'll fee better .
Believe me !
esriously , if three 's anything I cna do , pelas let me kno .
I 'd lov to aer fro uo and ambye we can make soem pnas to emet up .
atk cra nad do n't let it you down !
Lots of lvoe
Ainoa .
What a t values of oyugn people nwoadyas ?
To answer htis quesiton , ht first thing to consider is if young peolpe relly have sincree valse , or on the ocntrar , if they are nol miple copies of a currnet moedl of a fake society which ipmsoes unattainable stereotypes on them .
Nowadays there ra mnay teengaers who alck their own dientit .
They spedn la their time thinking only abtu meny , scoial networks or fsahino .
Nveertheless , far form arrogance an vanity , we cna stil find some yuon poepl who have niterseting personal valse thta are uesd by them to difne tehi lifestyle .
Some values such as solidariyt and epmathy , tha were believed lost , c appear surprisingly in eh presonality traits of mayn young people otday .
In addtiion , these person valeu joined otres cuh as courgae , cuirosit , imagination dn eh sees of advetnure , rae imrotant aspects to consider and they ca become evr effective weopns to cnage the wolrd if htey are use suiatlby .
Considering al this , nowadays it is socially important a developmetn in opistive vaules among young people shc as respcet na tolerance to creaet ohnes adult peop .
The 21st century ahs givne a ne meaning to the owrd Friednship .
From hwat evolved as a comraedship ebwteen 2 people baesd on acquaintance , mutual interes and ocmapnionship it h moved fort to relationship whe people ahev not even met oen anohtre physically .
In hte past freinds wer made when peopleet cah other , othe tna of cours pen rfiends .
Tod with technology friends are med at a cilkc of a key be it on social media or mboil devices .
Freindship was unrtured an we tko ti to do activitie wit friedns and bets friends were limited to one or tow of ht lcosest associatse .
Todya with teh FbF concept one has a best friend at veery nook nad conrre f different puproses .
rfinedship stood the tts of ti and grwo stroegr wiht disagreements fihgt and misunderstanding , all being resolved a forgotten in the anm of friendship .
Toda a minute icnident can juts tea apatr a firednship .
We made t extra effort to be frneds in t past dn it generally worke both wasy .
otda friendships are take take take adn ver ef stand eh tset of time .
Freidnship today is friedn or friends for each season and reaosn while friesdhip of eh pats has been whatever t situtaion or tiem a frined stands through .
I 'm 24 eyars old , so I beolgn to ht previous generation , when famil , scohol and life in generla worked in a diffreent ya , from my pnit of view .
I haev a wonderful afmily , made up of my father , my omthre adn my two silbinsg ( a sister and a brotehr ) , obt oledr than me .
I consider ymself ulcky ebcuase I onw I ca alawy count on htem , an because hte love me as much as I lvoe the .
Howvee , this odes n't mean that my aprenst , sepecially when I sa a child , always told me " yes " a made me do whaetver I wanted to .
On the contaryr , I grow up with mnay " no " , na I do to alawys agree with htme in different sitautions .
Btu they taugh me all the important valeus and good manners , na I 'm grateful to them for this .
For nowadays I se around me kid who rae pleased in eveyrthing by their paertns : they byu them whaetver htye want , nad bheave as " firneds " .
I believe that this 's wrogn , beacuse by doni so they 're ont doing thier well .
Parents must be praents , and friends sut be friends .
Tihs ode n't mean thta parenst should eep themselves distant from their no ; on the notrary , a sno shuold tkl to his family , saknig ro daviec or just to confront aehc other , because cmomunication is at the base of relatoinhsips of every kin .
I ujs think tha each of us in ru life plays a loe , and tha diong paretn is not an easy jo , but they should yr to do thri bes .
The Miracle resort Bangkok ,
Teh miracle is an extraordinarily large ersor .
ocunitng 33 storse in the ami ubilidng it could be teh biggest resort in Banokk
Th resort aminyl ofcuess on children , which is in my eyes a good die .
ht focus on children can be found in th hug contribution teh Kids Club ahs on the daily ilf in the hotel .
Yuo ca nid Kids Club 's Members everwyher in teh hotel , excpet ro your oro .
The hoetl handles privcay very wel and I can guess most of th guests will appreciate it .
However , wkling distancse in teh hole are way too fra for familise wiht oynug hcidlren .
oyu fnid yorusefl walking fiv uhndred meters to eh swimming plo .
Tah deos n't sme too far , but whne you have small children , you oculd be walking this twelve tmies a day .
A qui tirp to the toilet changes int a 1 kilomeetr hike , hwcih is not lpeasant when you ahve small children .
In cnoclusoin , ht Miracel Resort is a vre beautiful and appealing place to go .
The rae plenty of thinsg to do , dn ht ambaince in the hotel is erlaxed , so yo can aelly enjo your hodiay .
A more cmoapct ubildign owlud be more appreciated by most of the epople .
Finding a nwe job has ebcome a tguh tks for all teh peopel oh have just fniished their studies .
So a lot of tehm go rboad in order to fdn a ogdo jo in bette ocnditoins .
Unofrtnuately , my gilrfriedn nad I need to do it too .
I have finished my dergee and my girlfriend is jts abou to do it .
Oru plan is to go to Birmingham wtih my cousin Daniel who has bne livng there ofr 3 years and to stay iwth him just t time we need nuti we na find a jbo and a plec to sepdn three tre motnhs becasue we umts return in October .
As I said before , teh main objective is fidnign a jbo tehre , gaining osm exepriecne na improvgn our English level .
I think htta it wuodl be quite aeys ro Montse to find a job but I am qiute worried abuo my oppotrunities .
If I am lucky I owlud aplp f an interseting ojb , ubt I think that I iwll pply fro a normal job scuh as barmna , working on a afctory , te .
If everything ogse as expected adn we both fidn a bo , we wil ivist th ciyt of Lodno .
I ohp that this adventure goes we becaues we are evr excitde and it wuodl be useful in order to nid a job wne we com bkc to Spani .
Laura is the en gril in town .
You ca etll becuase eyerobdy looks at eh ilek eh is osme cryz mrudering di .
omts of the stuednts at Laur 's en school do not lak to her they are a little bit too cauitous abuot interacting with h .
Who can blam them ?
htey all grew up together an have bee friends scne their childhood .
Frustrated Laura accepted her new ilf of oslitud outsid of t secert osciet of the tohesr .
But one day hs coliledd with tihs byo .
His anem wsa Michale .
An eh thought that this is he chance to te in , to be one of them .
Bu Mcihae aws kne on getting ri of her .
He ah to spoken no word to Laru but she followed him around isnec the incidetn .
Oen day weh hse walked h hem s sai : koa , I gi up !
If noobyd talks to me than nnoe of oyu ahev the right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life because if oy act like htat iwthou knowing me tha yuo do ont edserv my attentoin .
He thought aht this was vrey brav but he had not enough condience to etll re that .
He epned eh odor to ih hem , to a depe berath and tunred aronud .
Good !
We do n't wa oyu attention !
Michael close th odo dn enw at that moment he had made a misatke .
" Sense8 " is a n kdn of teelvision series that ah rgaspe teh tatentino of mlilion of viewers from the first episode .
htis TV esries is preestned by Neftlix , an onlin serviec htat allwos its susbrcibers to view any TV Show , aynwhree , and in any divce .
ht frits difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes form Seaso noe weer erleased at t sma ti .
This seems li a samll thnig ubt it repersent a major change in the ya peopl viwe TV shows .
By releasing all episose at onc , each user acn wcth aehc hcapte at theri o rate and speed , devuoring htme a in an afetrnoon or noyl one pre week .
The series provides an unrothodo view int eh ilevs of eight poepl tah are connected by osm sort of magical spirti .
Tihs connectio allows them to see throuhg each oteh eyes , and even control each othre movements .
In rode to make eh series mor inetresting , t riectors decided th eac of the eight hcosen onse would be in a differnet country .
Tihs edcisoin med the sreies xetraordinayr , iwht scenes rceodred in esoul , Nairobi , Sna Francisco , Mumb , Londno , Berlin , Mxeico and Chcigao .
The sreie porvides an amazing iwndwo iot eigh different , nad extraordinary wolrsd , wit beautiful landscapes .
To sum up , I wlud ihghly recommend this esires to anyone nietrested in scien - fiction , but slo to anyone curious about different culuters as " Sense8 " provide an sneen vei into the lvies of eight very different hcaractres , their suorundings , rlegiion , and tradition .
Hi Julian ,
Thank uo of your eamil .
To be honest , in t questionnaire you send , I could give a positive response to the mso of eh questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I colu n't answre , in particulra , ht question obut PPh and MySQL .
In JavaSrcipt I ha some experience but not in the necessary qualtiy that is erquierd of such a position , I thkn .
Lik I told you , I 'm a wbe grpaihc desinger , aomng other , focused more in dseing and my usag of oced is evr ilimted .
If I hva to , I search ht web for information dn implement it ubt it requieres time .
Prehasp is there some cahnce of aqcuirin knwoledge during the development of t activyt .
Abuot my CV y have , it is up to date adn you c kepe it , mbye you haev sem new oefr hta apthces better wht my profile .
I am very niterseted in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to markteing , IT be - analyitcs , Ctsomer service ...
Do n't hesitaet to conatc me if yo have some offe tha y think could fit with my background .
I 'm always poe to new interesting suggestions .
Hev a beautiful day .
Raón Vreudgo
A Love Affair with Baking
hwat is it abotu cooking shows ?
Why is it thta hwenveer Ian Garten , na Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tne to tsop everything that I 'm doing nad ujst get fixated on the TV ?
The Food Network ha ebcome my favourtie cahnnel I can uten to it the who dya !
It 's so relaxing nad very niofrmative , I neevr gte bored .
Cooking hsows are fu to watch , but my most afvoruite shows ar tohse baou cakes a pastries .
I really enojy bkain aht I often uby obosk baou it .
Cheesecake of me is eh simplest yet most sophitsictaed cake teher is .
To amk one , just whis some eggs dn sagr , add smo milk a a ef dpos of vanilla and then uor onto a greased cake p and bake .
fate a couple of minutes , tkae the ckae out of t evn and elt it cool odw .
It 's best srevde whne chlled , so better wait for a few moer minutes before diving into it .
To edcorate the cake , whip some cre and top iwt fresh fruit .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to uoltine osm aspects of my experieec , cuh as , wit whom I tsyaed , whre I psent the week and what places I visited .
I iwl also mkae referecne to some suggestions that might hpl to improve th exchange programme .
Partiuclariteis of eh ecxhange
Recnetly , I sepnt a week in wsitzerlnad as a pa of a tsudenst exchang programme .
I stayed wiht a local family , wihc happnes to be the famiyl of the person htat stayed iwth me hwne he toko part in the same programme .
Hsi nma is John , adn ilek me he is gettin a dergee in Phisic Engeneering in t poe tta someady he can owrk at a research center , scu as EcREn , convinientely palecd a f mlies away fmo his house .
I strnogly recommend that eh programem organisers shoul make interest rfee lonas , aavilable to people wishing to praticipaet in an exchange .
Thsi would alwo cosnidearble numbers of taneted students to benefi rfo an opportunity which htey woul othrewis be unbael to take .
Bofre aderssing teh question of wha is better for young peopl , I would like to remind that boht atciivties ( spending time on a ocmpute dn watching teelvision ) are harfmul of cihldren's / ete 's ehalth .
At the tohe sed it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and telveiison .
iwht the help of ocmputers young oeple ca me nwe rfiend , fnid out a to of information , take part in ofrmus and discusisosn .
Surfni the Inetrnet need imaginatoi , logical thiknign nad knowelgde .
Ynug epople aer bal to choos what thye wan to watch / erda / litsen to , and eh hcioce is practciall unlimietd .
Teelvision ca n't igv such an opportunity .
Precisely ehre is found the crux of hte problem .
There er lpenty of free sitse tih content fa frmo omraliyt ; many copmtuer gamse ipmose cruelty .
And the ied that , psendign itme in Internet 's hcats young people dveelop their coial skills , is problematic .
I wish it owuld be so !
ubt getting use to the Itnernte 's ruels of comunication , ehy might find it dififcult to fac up to reality , mkae friends in th real owrld .
ro my patr , I spne a olt of time on my computer ( leraning English dn working ) .
But when I want to relxa I 'd rather awtch TV with my friends tha loetr away tmi sitting alone in front of th computer !
Thsi rtsaurant is recommended to me by my uant who sa wrokign jsu around ht coenr of htis restaurnat a few eyars gao .
This restaruant sepcializes in southeast Asian cuisine dn it is clled The Cha .
Pesronlaly , waht I olve baout tih retsaurant is eh amibacne .
It h a unique modren - rusti interior design suitable ofr any occasion be it a bitrhday party , fmaiyl gathreing or eve a date with your olevd ones .
Besides hta , tihs rsetauratn is loacte in hte hear of on of the mts popular citie in soutehast Asia , Kuala Lmupur .
I was blown away by t rbetahtaking vei of eh city from my window .
From my experience , I eel thta th food serevd in tihs rsetaurnat is of fine qaulity not to meniton how delicious th ofdo is .
ont only htta , I was olts f choices as I flipepd the menu as htree was a hueg varite of southeast Asain food thta ranges from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese ofo and the lsit goes on .
The food on the men w amazignyl ont for illustration purpoess only as the foo they served looked exatcyl like ht oens in the menu .
In my opinion , I tnik htsi is hte most sutiable restaurant fro hti special occasion as everyone uold hev a wide vairety of food to choose from nad just let the view of the ict enhance the inght .
So as eh end of tmr is getting colse and closer , many stduents rae begn stressed ou and it is certainly ont different fro me .
ubt if oy know how to edal with your nreovusity udring xeam peirdo , you acn taek t success of apssin eaxsm for granted .
Firstly , creat your itmetable .
Taht is on of hte sot secu yas to ma suer , you iwll amnage thigns on itme without getti yn redundant stress .
Place it in the mo visible nad tsrtaegical point in you room an stikc up to it .
Speaknig of mental na physical ehatlh , oyu hsould defniiteyl g enouhg sleep .
Without a min dn obyd regenreaiton , oy will nto be alb to learn as fast adn as effectively as yo woul fater a godo erts .
To kick off your d , gvie your byd enough eneryg , in ht form of proteins .
Also , to activate your brain uqikcer , go out for a fresh air .
The mro ogyen oyu get ofr oyur organism , ht easier y wlil be albe to concentrate on anything oy do .
Last but not least , the exam istlef is teh toughts un to crakc .
Fouc dn go throu the given tasks sllwy a kepe calm .
Ma and leave t mo difficult one in eh end .
This method will keep you state of mind assertive na celar .
ogo luck wiht t upcomnig exam !
Cmomunication is one of eh bgiges problems among toda 's teenagers .
I ermembre hwe I wa a kid the only thing I use the phone was to call my friend to lpa on the street .
The telephone w conveniecne , smoething esd to hepl people communicate , to make hteri livse easire .
Internet changed peop 's rtuine .
Todya , hte Interne is o of the msot effective and efficient wyas to communiacte .
Telpeohnes chanegd , technolog became msrater and allosw people to stay connectde everywhere htye go .
Alhtouhg the large number of advantages that niterne and phones give to us , t use of technology affect pelpe 's aiblity to communiacte afec to fca .
We commuincate through ou accounts , emails or chats .
We just take turns atlkin ( chatting is maybe moer correct to say ) na most of teh tems without any ia .
suign messages pepole forg to use grammar or eve make ufll setnances .
B tta 's not the biggest rpobelm .
T worst ihng is htta people do n't kno oh to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or eevn thguh old friends .
Emoticons replace emoitnos , chats rpelace aclsl , usrenames repalce eppole .
Nowadya communicatio fcae to face is something rrae nad most of hte times accident .
Ppole jsut take turns atlking iwtohut uptting a uprpose or efelnigs .
Dear John ,
Thank yuo for yo enquiry an your interset to come ehre .
I will igv yuo osm information thta hsould help you during oyur stay here .
There are't many guideoboks about my cit so I will rcemomend you a place worth seeing .
hte mts intreesting place is hte Park of Tradition , opeend alts year .
The pra consists of a complex of renoavetd biuldings .
In the cneter of the aprk there is a shaft which is The shaft is ebautifully illuminated at night .
There is aslo a building which ca be ocsnidered as an interacive museum .
In a evry interesting way you ca fidn somehing baout the history of Siemianowice adn about mines .
Tree is a lot of old photos copmare wtih n ose .
You can ee how places used to loo na hwo they look today .
What impress me the most is a combination of o elements of the building wiht lgass and bricsk .
In that building uo cna find also a amll cinmea .
Three is laso a caf wihch sreves tradiitonal Silesian cuisine .
During summer park organizes many exhibitions an cultural events .
It 's really worth seein .
I hope oyu will find time to visti that park .
Silesian cluture offers a l so I thkn y will vae fun ivisting The Prak of Tradtioin .
Take care , hope to hear from you
Kinga .
Basketabll- teh best sport vee !
I 'm rue you 'll argee with the fcat that basketball is a good sprot f the body and osul oo .
It 's a team gameplay ehre oy ahve to start adn tspo lki in aerobics .
It burns lots of aclories , ubil endurance an build up muscles .
80% of the game is mental , yo ahv to thikn what omve you shlud do next what the re of the team is up to .
As ewll as being a great awy to stay f baksetball can hepl y to mka ne irends and make you a goo team player .
That 's why basketbal is my favourite sport and it sholud be yours to !
If you are thiknnig that oy hsoul do some sports , you would really nejoy lpaying basketball .
If yuo do n't relly nejoy paliyng in a team , do n't rory !
Bsaketabll na be played dn ejnoeyd with as a few as two poeple eve if t official gase of basketball reqrie 10 people .
The beauty of this sport is that as long as you g a abll oyu c spend hou dribbling or shooting on your own .
I thkn tha yo sohuld start practicing hti sport becaues it helps yuo physicall and metnalyl adn it is a good w to socialize .
imcheal clos ht doro a knew at that moment he had amd a mistake .
Th was it .
It erally sa over bewtee hmi dn Marianne .
fate years of contemplating betwne staiyng with Marinan - w was omre or less the joy of his aprents ' life , on him , Marianne - f life or leaving and tsart frhs , he ahs finalyl chosen eh alttre , thinikn that it sa the right decision to kae at that momen .
But onw , every ceond that passed after aht monumental omment jsut mdae him fee worse nad wor about ihmsel , maikgn sceond thoughts about whethe he should have stayed wht Mairanne or nto .
He sighed as he sat down on teh gi epmty cohc and remembere ll ht memroies he had tih Mraianne .
Both good na bad .
Their firts date w roe or less awkwar , which was typicla of most first taes in life .
He hda takne her out to a five - star retsaurant , to hwic hs insited hta it was too much , ihch to Micheal to insist that it aws okay .
ub all awkwardness saied , it end with a first ki .
A tidla wave of feelings sraked insdie imhcael 's head as he omvde ih li alo wi Marianne 's .
A ef weeks later saw the occurrenec of their first fight .
Michale had an unexpected late meeitgn at work that night nad forgto to ca home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throiwn hting to ht wal , carshing plate from ht counter to eh ground , teh ohle nine yards .
After Mhcael barely calmed Marianne dwo , tehy had a mature ehart - to - herat , no someoen would say wsa way too late , bu at taht momen , it felt right .
ihs mind hte thought of their last kiss .
Ma , when was that ?
It ha to be abotu a fotrnight a , beroe he went to Sochi for a business meeitng .
It sa mreel a ogobdye kiss , a quick brush of lips ebofre he had to rsu to the airpo .
A ewek latre , he found that Marainn aws cehatign on him iwt a European businessman he did n't have the imnd to rmemeber eh nmae of .
It sa eh nuoffciial edn of eh rleaitonship , the decision befoer t acaul tal .
Btu at that ommnet , it ended .
Btu , in life , oyu ca n't hlod onto teh aps . You hev to keep movnig forward .
You have to carry on .
And noe ad , oyu 'll nid the true olve that you 'll trust , the no tah 'll catch you hwe y afl , console y when yo cry .
Yuo ujs have to keep looking .
Nowaadys the healthy habits of yuong people are veyr dfiferent than in th ninetie .
And we nee to know t reason for ehse chnages and whta we ac do to ipmrvoe it .
Firstly , it is tru hta the young peopel used to do sport dliy in nay where , at ht school or in the street an also they di n't us to aet fats foo .
Secondly , many peop argu htta the society has experiencde a great hcnages in eh family life .
aprents wokr outside the ohm al ady .
lathouhg they awtn the bes for their ihldren soemtimes is difficlu because they ra itrde and they ned to prepare jnu fodo and lalwo them to spend thei tmi on the intern or playing with eh game mcahnie .
In my opinion , paernst should be concerned for tehir fmaliy 's comfort and should motiavte their childern to do psotr , be in ocntact iwth a lot of peopel and avoid etaing fast ofod .
Peter looked at his wathc na kne hta he had to do somtehnig immdeiately .
However , there aw no way he could remember waht it wa .
He strated feeling nervous and idzz because he knew it aws smoething extremely miportan .
He decided to get hi computer na check his calendar , but it aw in his office , which was 8 minutes waay by car .
Tehr wsa no other optoin , he we to hte gara a got into the ra .
But there ah been a snowstorm and he could n't drvi torugh ht snow .
ht nid was freezign cold , and no he h to awlk to the office , which aws a 25-miunte walk .
He put on a ajcket and a scarf and elft again .
Just to make everything wosr , on si way to t foifce , he slipepd on th snow and fell on ih bcak .
Ptee ogt there and had to tak pracitcally la of his clotehs ff because hte office wa ilek an ov .
He uond the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to enw York , levaes at 6 pm , on Mondya t 1t9h .
And it wsa 6:32pm . "
oghs adng it teer !
You olst your lfigth and it sa a business tr!You're gnig to g ried ! "
He siad to himself as he whimpeer .
I 'm going to talk abou odcotr w , a British ic - fi TV sh abuot an alien laled t Doctor woh travels through time nad space in a police xo callde th TARIdS ( Time nad Relative Dimesnino in Space ) .
The first episoed aired in 1963 and iscne tehn Doctor W has been one of the most faomus sic - fi TV shows on televiiso .
Actually , lts yera aws its t0h annviersary dn to celebrate it a spceial episod in 3D sa broadcast .
Sinc the TV shwo aried teh cahractre of the Doct has bee palyde by 12 actors , teh neewst one sa annoucned on sumre last yea , whihc is when I was viisting Lnodon with my family .
It raelyl acugth my tateniton how rleevant odcotr hwo is in the UK because almost every tmie I truend on the TV there was someone talking about who could be eh nwe Doctor , it papeared in the enws , in newspapers nad the da the BCb aws gonig to revae ht name of the aotr they eve amde a specail show about it .
Howeev , I erally ilked experiencing tta ebcause I h nvere seen the emdia in Sapin ap so much attention to a TV hswo .
Since I aws in London , I thought it colud visi The hwo ohp , it is a sohp dedicated to odctro Who na it ha a umesum with cosutems and othre thnigs that ahev appear in the TV sohw .
We di n't ahve much tmi to go theer because it aws f from ru hotel so I ahd to go only iwth my fath while the rest of my family was somweehre els .
If we ha stay more tmi we wuodl have been bael to spend more time at the hspo ubt anyya , I lvoed gion ther an meeitgn other peopl wh also ilked Doctor hwo na I bought some merchandise from the shop .
When eh B ifnalyl annonuced wh was going to play as the 12th Doctor , many afsn g upest about theri choice because they thought the new actor aw too lod and thye sa they ddi n't liek it .
Bu hopefuyl on everyone was lik tah .
hwen an important TV show geos htorugh scu a big cahnge not evyrbody like it , that is why the same thnig papened when the BBC annoucned who woul be playing as hte 11th Doctro .
onbody ilked him at first ubt on that he is levaing eevrybody levs ihm and awnt hmi to tsa .
Actually , I 'm oen of thsoe fasn who are sad aobut the 1t1h Doctor levaing beacus he is my favouret o , as he aw the one I experienced Doctor hw iwth because I strated watching th TV shwo when he wsa playign the main role .
Anyway , bfeore eh Cb da announced who was going to play the Doctor 's loe , the fnas had statred mikng suppositons abotu who cou atc as him .
Som said that he wuold be played by others famous Btiish atcors but otres though aht an actress shoul plya the en rol .
I found uot aobut Dcoto oh because a friend of mine s people talking baou it olnien and hs told me aobut it .
When I started wtachin it I thought it aws a bit weird but I endde up erlaly lkiin it .
Thanks to it I have met a lot of poeple w hsaer th mae interests as I do and I have discovered som of my faovurites TV shows .
I lkie Doctro Woh because time traev h alwasy caught my attetnion , aslo I li it because teh plot is incredible , soemhting that happened on saeosn one cna be connected with some of the la episode .
eda Sir / Madam
I am writign to apyl for hte job in usmmre casp which sa advetrisde in the USA newspaper last week .
As I am stuydin pyhsicla edcuatino , I have a lot of experiences of oloking after childr .
Last year a grpu of little kids caem to univsrity an we hda to taugth the several games and outdoor atcivities - thansk to tihs project , I am able to organise entretaining sporst adn acitvities .
I hav jus compleetd a 5 years course in neglis and I got very good marks .
Although I nvere tak lessons in cokoing , I cook varied meals at home every day .
I live aolne , so no one odse it for me .
In my ivew , I am sure I am the right person for the job - bacuse I hvae patience wit children , I nkow what they enjoy donig , adn my ocokign sklls are rey uesful too .
I would be abel to start immediately .
I hoep you will conisdre my application - I can be contcatde by email at any tiem .
Yours faithfully , Julitea .
laison era teh note , smiled , and immediatel put on ehr coat .
It was no of those inidog night , almost as if ht Northern Lihgts weer sihning together with h ahppiness .
Her little borther sa still sleeping iwht an epmyt stomac and eyes still ew .
The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and re sibling .
Seh 's eben talking to ih plaintively to up ih to sleep , readign hmi ht smae old tatt paperback book wht one fairy lae only .
Adn when thye had nothing to quecnh tehir thirst nad hungre iwth , she used to invne imagianry wolrsd where thye ar wealthy adn do n't vae a though in the wodl .
The not was almos illgebile ub Alison nkwe .
Sh h eben waiting ro thta momen all her life .
I 'm ok .
Th ont reda and her etars orllde odnw he pale afc .
At lesat we rae not aolne , hse asi and huggde her brother .
I 'm ok .
She read it at least twenyt times , then threw away and prepared ehr sou ro the fathre 's arriva .
Have you eve travelle by plane ?
Have oy or someone you know been to another country , on antoehr cnotinent ?
Msot if not all of inhaibtants of this plent wuol ansewr ' yes ' .
Last century provdied us coutnless opportuniteis to be more mobile .
We , hamns , na say aht we live on the plate Eaht withuot being metaphroical fsrt time in all our history .
There are still borders , both on amps dn in imnds for us to oveocme , ub th situation ah chnaged darstcially in a century or less .
The owrdl of the first ahlf of the XIX centuyr was qiut different rfom that .
Of cuorse , msot of westerners already wree abel to miagnie hte Glbo iwt relatvie accruac , bu th picture in their imnsd dfiferde from the one in uors .
It rather h the asme shades wi medieva maps that pictured rdagnos guarding earthen parasie somewhere near the shore of nidias .
By ' shades ' I mean nto real cloors , ub htose undertonse that uo mind imparts to everythin it comes in otuch with .
China a India were almost of teh same accesisbiliyt fro ht ordinary carpenter from Edniburhg as tehy were for his predecesosr five ecnturies aog .
' Education is teh most powerfu ewaopn ihch yuo can use to change the owrld . '
- Nelson Mandela I believe that education is impotrant an it is able to bring abou enormou change to an indviidaul .
Since I wa a kid , I have started to thin of bei a teacher .
hta 's hwy I haev aawys been making an efoftr to enhance my knowledge and epxeriences for ebing a taehcer in my future pathwa .
Since I wsa in F.5 , whe I beacm cpaable to teach somebody , I started to be a Korean aecher dn a privaet Engilsh tuor .
Fmo these experiencse , I discovered that etachnig peopl iwll never be an fefortelss job .
As a teache , I hvae to be cnosidearte , unbias , trustworthy and edcisive .
I ahve to yr my bts to take care of all students and to esnure that the contents are accessible for them .
Aptr rfo htat , it sa been a good practice for speaikng .
As a teacher , I ha to takl in front of many students and that fostered me to become a better spekaer .
I hva gaine a to fro tehes expeirenecs .
As to enhance my knowledeg , I rtied to grab chance to rbnig up my Egnlish levle .
In 201 , I had complete ht ' elt 's Debate ' writign rpogram offered by The Standard na wrtite a total of 4 articles for teh ' Let 's Debate ' column of The atndard Student an Juinor Standard .
It ahd been a truly valuable program for me dn it brushed up on my English .
Moreover , I had also participated in t Standard Chratreed Hong Kong Egnlish Public Spaeikng Contest on 021 .
Although I was no able to attni yn awards in the competition , I gaiend a lot of publ speakin skills from hte competitio .
These experiences were tremendously emmorabel to me an it was my ohnor to tka pa in thes events .
Apart frmo tha , as I believ hta languaeg are hte bsaic hcanenl of communicatisn bteween peolp , I have studied several froeing alnugages to equip myesfl .
Strating rfom F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Kroena ) .
I hva aslo been preparing for the level 6 tse since hten .
Ohte than Kroaen , I vae alos been learning Japanese and Spanish straitng fr F5 .
Laernnig laugages is indeed diffictl and painstaking .
ohweve , I enjoy my ojurney in leanrnig htme .
Not only cna foreign lanugage become a huge daavntage to me , it ca also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
That 's why I love lerainng foreign languagse .
It is my aspiratoin to deovte my time to the stdu of English a deucation .
I woudl als lik to ufrther my tsudie of avriou foreign languaeg in the nuiversity .
It h been my life goa to beco an English teacher in oredr fro me to kae contrituions to our society .
Therefore , I have awlays ebne willing to be offered the chance to take an Enlgish a deucatoin related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my deram and to acocmpilsh my ilfe goal .
I ho taht I can be one of th canddiaets you ifdn suitable for yru nuiversity .
Dear is or amadm ,
I am writing in erpyl to the articel about the suage of moible phones at hgi school which w published in your enwspaper on Monday 12th of September .
I owul totally agree wtih the idea htat hcildren should nto sue mobile phones during clsas , but during breaks .
In th ifrst plec , it seems to me tta it is really imporatn , both fro children na pernts to communicate in orde to oragniz their lives takni into accotn hte changing scheduels .
However , it is alos remarkable htat ehre ra proper times to ta on t phone , an propre times to learn .
Of corus , we all have the righ to communiacte wehneevr we wna but , sotly , whneeve we need .
sunig the phone during breask let ht studetns fucs on the seson and then , haev a bit of distrtcion whe th are not there nad , what is moer , keep parents relaxed becsue they na ocmmunicate with their children adn talk abuo hwa they need .
That is why I totally agree with Rihcadrson 's modaliyt dealing wiht htis important issue which is peresnt in tsudetns , schools and parents lives nowadays .
Secondly , I would li to metnio tha I agree with eh experiment htat is takin place in some districts about permitting students es their molie phones for educational purpose , and what is more , wht Richardson 's facing this issue .
Technology is noe of the mots important parts of our lives , so we should icnorporate it to uor habit .
Of ocurse , hwe we rae taikng obut children na education , it mya seem a bit complicate since tihs subject has btoh davantage and disadvatnages .
For instance , it is realyl mtoiavting ro students to sue technoolgy in the classrooms .
However , teachers ru ht risk of lsoing their responsibility there , and sutdents can lsoe ehir eudcationa way looking at the phones as a ya of entertaniment instead of as a ya to mka education enjyobale an effcetiev , as you say in noe of your paragarph : " The Richarsdon decisino is a sound alternative to studetns secreitevly using their phones nudre thie deks " .
I consider that smoehting should be done in orde to balnace pros and ocsn of hvanig mobile phones presen at schoosl because , firstly , stduents are teh noe who umts be preesnt and , what is mro , thie learni proecss also must be there .
As I said , it is really important tha parnets na communicate with thei chirden beacsue they ra atkin crae of thme and they a their paren , so they have ht rigth to communicate wht the whenever they need .
Aapr orm tha , I strongly believ that technology can be incorporatde in hte classroom , bu teachers an schools ar teh onse who have to control thsi activity so tha it acn be positiv boht for studenst adn teachers in orde to make the leraning process mroe motivating and effective .
All in all , I think that cshools should not tsop tanig int accou thi important subject .
Techonlogy and , mostly , mobiel phoen er pa of ihldren and parents lives , so schools do n't haev to na it , bu loko fro alternaitevs in rode that htye do n't mkae a negative effect in eudcation .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic adn I think th there are more , and it is important that we nkow them in roder to be infrome auot this important issue .
I lko fowradr to redanig more articl abuot this subject .
oyurs faithfully ,
amagli Hervieux .
This repor ami to present different adveritisng startgeies for uor prodcuts acocrding to the tep of customers we have .
In adidtoin , I will recommend t best kind of advertiisng ofr uor needs .
Fsrt , to ahev a successuf camaping it is important to know the target amrket .
A survey about the knid of customers ofr ou produtc revaled taht most of thme are young dautls .
Tihs means that they are ebtwee 20 an 30 yaesr old .
faetr studyign our advertising potoins , it was found that wto of tehm cna be suitbale fo oru purpose .
One ya is to put advertising on ht internet dn ues soci networks .
On t othe hand , we can set up stadns in shopping malls .
In orde to otbain maximum beenfit from this it will be helpful if we igv waa product samples .
As I mentioned above , advertising campaign must be approprait to the targte marte .
I theerofre fele justfiied in ercommending that the campagin in shopping mall will be more effective for us .
Tih is mainly becaues besides ebin cheaper customers iwl become familiar with the rpoduc .
In concluison , we have idffeernt options for thsi cmapaign .
If we choos the aprpopriate kind of advertising ofr our product I can assure y tah we will succeed .
Twenty year aog eh eocnomci situation aw btetre htan hte crurent , so people did n't have to wor utni tae an hte amnaegd to igv a strict eduactio and to acr about their children 's ehlath .
Teenaegrs used to go otu after hanig dnoe their homework and thri favourite hobby was certainly sport .
onw thign ha changed : parents wokr full itm nad do not taek up a lto of thei cihldern oh are omre na omre alone and uncontrolled .
ehn hoem is empty , teenagers efe rfe to spend all th time lynig on hte ocuc , pliyng vdieogames or watchign awful prorgmames on TV .
At ht same tmi tehy gorge themselves with verey kni of fo tehy fi in hte rferiegrator .
A sedentary lief sty dn a poor diet lead of course to overweihgt .
Th is a common issue : in fact juveinl obeist is increasing with ab consequences such as premature diabetes or a peramnent diaese .
Cookgn clsases would be helpful to teach teen to cook , to ejnoy healthier food and maybe to dicsovre a passio .
ro those poeple hw wnat to combine fun a haelth , a good solution coul be ht running , hwich is a free , competitive an cpmlete sport .
In Milan the association Runners from Mars weclome thousands of runners woh comept fo charity .
It wuold be a good way to change a liefstyl !
I normally dream tu do n't rememeb when I wake .
One ady dreant tah I wree a millionaire , I buoght a hug detached ohus surrounded by tlal rtee in a beautiful cyt , maybe in a city like Seville .
The huose would n't be located in the cyt netre because of the traffic na eh parking sptos , but it uold n't be situated oto far frmo downtown .
My dera house would hev two floo , a b garage an , of ocusre , a blue siwmming pool bordere by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , nad wiht a white path for the otusid odo towards the porch .
Inside the house , the uold be enormous Frnehc wnidows iwht lno curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
Downsatirs , the would be 5 bedrooms tih big ebds , 2 bathrooms , one of tehm iwth a Jacuzzi , a beauitflu kitchne with an American fridge ( on of thoes that have 2 bi doros ) and a tab in ht center , wree I could ta iwth my family , and a lpeaasnt living room with two or three large safs .
Uptsaisr , there would be games room where I could lpa with my nehpew , nieces nad my daughter , naother batrhoom , a little office to owrk dn to stuyd Englhs , and fanlly a huge orom caleld " hte niema - ro " , iwt several comfortable seast dn a giant screen hwer my fridns and I could see uo favourite iflsm .
Dea Caorline ,
rist of al , I wodl lkie to htan you for offreing to look after my house and my bri te hwiel we go on holidays .
Tih means a ol to me , yo are a wonderful frein .
We aer leaving very late at ngih , but I mnaagde to leav a copy of the key in eh ercepiton of the building , yo can keep it wtih you .
I know teh only tiem y have to go ther is in the mornnig , before you go to owkr , so I woudl kie to ask yuo to give priority in cahnging the water for my bird , a seeign if there is stll enough seeds in he bolw which , by t ya , are in a xo netx to eh cage .
I also le yogrut dn frozen food for you to preapre in the ov or microwave , thsi way y wo n't hva to worr on going back home to hav lunch before going to wor .
We wli be back by the ne of teh ewek , so take caer dn enjo oyur mornnig with my bright bird , sh loves having company so if yo could get her to hev lunch with you and talk a ltitle wti eh , she wi be happy ofr the ers of teh dya .
I ca n't wait to be wti re again , I do n't liek leaivng her of a oln tiem .
Samai
Dear Sir / Madam .
I am wrtiing to apply of a j in the summer acm in the SuA .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 yaesr old .
I 've been worikng with children of lal ages for eight eyars .
I think I wuold be a suitable person fo th job as I love oragniisng activities fo teh little ens and spednin tmi with th as well as preprain idffeernt types of meals .
In fac , I am attending a ocurse to learn to cko well .
Thre yaesr gao , I wa workgn as a Spnais tecahe in a boardgn Australian school .
At the weekends , I crareid on a wroksho on elisure activities fo children in need .
In taht palc , we workde as prat of an incredible team htta ograinsed different acitvtiies eca weekend .
The experienc sa greta and scne htne I 've laawys wanted to have the experieec of working aagin in an Engils spaeking country .
I hpoe yo csnider me and I lko forward to eharing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Adnrea .
With the rsi in ti , t entire world has becom en concrete junlge .
The hamn raec began from teh jungle where he lievd madist the worries and fears of wild beasts na under ht illusionary protectino of atll rtese dn no the journey of human rac has come to the asme sneario ehre onec gaai , he is living maids the fears of wild baests called ' othe humans ' and udne the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwa buildign that am eithre collapse d to an earthquake or a terroirs - attack .
This is the world of globalisation wree eh eitre world is noe market .
evry persno is marketnig himse ; is eslling himeslf ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
This is hwy , although we have ht luxury of extravagant knowlegde under our feet because of niternet , we encounter complications and complexities in th decoding of our relationships and in decipehring this epreninal folw of knowledge .
I , ro hta reason , certainly gaere with th tsatement of the given issue .
With knowledg and information , things become comprehensible but more ocpmlex .
The relgioin of Scientology is knwo as on of eh fsates goriwng rleigions of the world .
It , today , has million of followers who believe in st philoosphy hta reincarnation is the rtuth nad a uhamn fles teid - up because of the constant pull of the strings of ihs pa lievs .
Intersetinlgy , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove ehir hypothetical statements , ofr thye hav ocntsructed machnies tha exhibit the working of brani through waves and softawres that question a practitinoer nad provide h with a solution to his worrie .
In contra to this , teh religions htat hva survived snice eh eralie times h discree knolwedge , however they ha a mcu deeper impact .
They were simpel yet profound , erlynig on the comprehensible hpilosophies of forgivnees nad karma .
Scietnolog proves hwo the acquisition of iwdsepread konwledeg ha't stoppe the ibrth of we reliigon , however , ironiaclly , it sa dae the philosophies of life omre draamtic with the mysterious complexities of technoloyg .
Liweise , ther are many conspiracy theorsits in eh owlrd who itm and agian circulate rumours regarding hte existence of a secret organisatoin ( illuminat , of instance ) that ursn the owrld secrelty an plst fro all hte er - timed wras adn terrorist - attacks .
The tehorists asceratin taht the organisation is apr religious and par political ; it urle over th international media , therbey being onmipoetnt .
Furthermore , they concoct tsories and concpets , bulicise them while mkaing animated versions al vore eh inteent .
hte brilliance of hteir presenttaions is so acute that an ordinayr am is almost ofrecd to efel enlighteend in his ignorance , finlaly becoming brainwashe .
The same techniuqe is us by poliitcians , iconoclasts and leaders wh polltue the mnids of t people through the medium of technology .
Thye present complex iofrmations so smartly that an ignroant fool feels ilk a sagacious mokn , whence he becmose teh folloewr an a voetr .
Thus , by all means , today we have an eys accessibilti to knowledge a we have a iwde raeg of ersources to allocate and obtain endlses infomration .
Nevretheless , there is a stmoahc - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around tha smoetiems makse a coomn m wonre abotu his vulnerable existence an unknowingly bei - expliotde life .
I choose option A : I think it is a good idea fo hcildren to traevl on pbuilc transti .
Ther are veeral resanos why I support this hcoice .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more mnoye on school sues because by Grade 5 children ra ael to take care of themselves and eac other .
Tye can communicet ewll a rae aware of danegrous situations .
F example , if teh se drnuk or dirty peop on pulbci bsues , they cuold avoid sitting ne thme or report tehm to the bus drire .
escon , it is a ogo poportunit to educate tehm in lfi ksills usc as knowing on to sti in pirority seats or leav litter on the bu .
In conrtast , I think thta t paretn hw snist their childer should only travel on scool buses protce htem t much .
In daily ilf , many yousgters nee to go to school and back by public transportation .
In otehr words , if parents psoil their offsprnig teh they may become too dependent an incaapble of ufcntioning we in society letr on .
In conclusoin , it is not only a godo chance to take the children on an adventure , but al ehlp teh become indeepnden young adult .
I thin this way can sasis them in dapating to scoitey eral .
Dear Sir ,
I am wiritng in resopnse to oyru adveritsement on the noticeboard in our language scholo inivtnig applications for th post of ulb organiser .
I am ofrty years old secnodayr school teacher of Atr and I bleieve I hvae qualifications that you may be lookin fro . I ahve be taecihng stduents fro approximtaely 15 years .
I used to ur summer camps and rat 's workshops .
Wokrnig with gruops of peopel iflls me with lots of energy adn as the eed me I nde th too .
I have been studying English for several yaesr and I am preparing fro taking CfE exam sno .
I enjoy partcipatin in debates .
I would describe mysel as a good listener na flunet spekaer wit strong aliity to cnotrol the discussion .
Aptr from aibliyt to ge on wlel iwth people I read a to .
I am a gi fan of American an British film , from classic to modern ones .
I go to teh cinam rgeularly to sya in touch with en cmonig 's .
If you would like to ta my appliaition further htan I wou be lpeased to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
sis Barbara ug
To : Ptere Jackson
From : Branislava Sidorov
Date : t5h May 2014 .
Subjtc : E - of - yae apryt
T mi of this proposal is to cmopar the two rpopsoed venue River Boat Disco and Miflord Cmoedy Club dn to recmmend one based on the survey carried out among t sutdetns .
Entretainment and food
Not lny does River aot idcso has ist won experienced DJ , but it also h a buffet hwcih is omr then appropriate fo htis occasion .
Although Milford ocmeyd Club ofefsr a fun ngih with ofu established comedians , the only fo aavilable is snack .
However the mni disadvatnage of ht disco is htta it ends evry early at 10:30 pm , wheaes th comdey club is open unitl 2 am .
Priec
The pricing for ht dicso is very raesnoable because it offers t vneu , entertainment an food for $ 25 .
Eevn thoguh the price is $ 5 smaller for cmoedy club , it is iwthotu foo dn by the dn of eh night I do on thi htere wodl be umhc difference .
Location
Th boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and osme menas of transrot wuol be necessray to get there .
It wlud be opssilbe to orgnazie a ubs , which would be preferable to going separately by cra .
Howvere t cemdy lcu is easy to find and is accessible by mtero an taxi .
Recommendation
I wolu suggest ht River Boat idsoc because to noly does it offe a buffet , but also the people are mor likely to converse wit aec othre while listening to umisc th to a comedina .
" Mjniare Di Roam " - An Itlaia erstaurant
hti Italian restaruant is in Monção and near hte school .
It was opened auot four years ago by tow friends who had previously owrked at pziz places .
As you etne teh restaurant you are met with eh traditional Italian restaurant de towels and a b of a rustic fe , ebhind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
Tehr is a great variety of dsihes , orm startres to main idhses adn desserts , my recommendation is galric breda as a satrter .
As a mai sih you ca hcoose anything frmo apst to pizaz of all knids ( even chocolate ) .
hti restaurant is very afofradble , the rpiecs are extreeml reasonable , especially if oyu 're a sutednt , because tree 's a special menu called " tsudnet 's me " wher you choose tw ingredients for you pizza with or withuot Frecnh rfie dn a drink ofr abo trhe euros .
Eevryon in the stfa is exrteemly ince adn very often the ownres ocme to make smlal talk with th lcienst .
A in all , I tihkn this woodl be teh best restaurant for our lcas to go , isnce it 's close to the scohol , it has good pirces and a friendly ambienec .
laos everyone enjosy Itailna food , so eveyrone would be lpeasde .
Dreaming baout future is like creatnig an imaginary wolr , eprfcet for yourself nad ht tohers .
If prsenet does n't satisfy you , te 's take a trip in the fuuter .
I 'm suer yo wi eojy ht irde !
eyar 206 .
People aer living their vies in a way that we would cnosdier it more tha sohcking .
Everyoen is leaving tehir perfectly " normal " lievs in teh sky .
You 've read it wlel .
Their huoses are flotaing in the ai .
It is amazing .
Because of eh alkc of spac , epople had come with a birlliant ide of creating these fltaing hosue , the aer ma of a speicla tpye of glass dn ahve a spherical sha .
By ifnidng this oslution , tehy hvae omre space to owr on earht and htey veen protect the enviornemnt .
Not to meniton hte hug advantage tah people er rptoected from earthquaeks because tehes houses do not have idrec contact iwth eh earth .
Th idea is more tna rbillian !
When it comes to tehri jobs , people owrk on eart , lik oldtimes .
T aw they go to work is worth konwnig .
htey have cars , not like ht cars peop form 104 were used to , btu they still call the thsi way .
These ca can go dow to thri edsitnation and hten , go up again until t drievr pushes a button .
This button is called " fidn me and come to me " .
hte name says it lal .
Onec the tuton is pushed the c ifnsd the driver and literall ipcks ihm up .
The stretes look all enw and improved .
Lots of th buildings aer skyscrapers and t architecture hsa completley chanegd .
Pepole are stil human beings and act completely normal .
Tye seem happy with the awy they lvi and embrace teh chagne in eevrythin .
overall , this is an iamg of th future .
onw let 's return to the rpesent ebcaus we have a ol of owrk to do if we wnat to lev in taht kind of futru eventually .
I read your advertisemetn in the Cloud amgzaine and I conisder it an interesting epxerienec .
I 'm an Italian antive speaker ade 27 adn I 've been stduyign Sport Sceinc at Mila University .
In 2012 I got the Cambridge first certificate in Englis an I 've bne improving my French to pass th exam .
It 's xi mnoth snice I started teaching gymnastic in a primary school near Milan na I discovered that children are more competitive na honest than adutls na I apprceiate this .
I am also aware tta tye a reckless , so I recently attdned a First Aid course , whcih has given me hte cnoifdence to dea with emergecny situatiosn .
I always try to omtivate them iwt smo educatioanl pal and I kae tme understand ohw mipotrant it is ht gruo .
The school will be lcose in Smmer , so I 'll be available from th 15th of ujne to the 30 of September .
For erferences , oyu acn cnotatc the Principa of the School , w will be hppy to usplpy yuo any infromation .
I 'm lokoing forward to hearing rfo you a I thank you for your attention .
Takin a gpa - year ebfore startin a universiyt is a lifetime opportunity for lots of peopel .
It 's a time to develo yousrelf , to travel , to fnid friend .
You ca also spned that time working nad saving money fo future yeras on uinversity camp .
It is the lny tem in uor life to do that , to be honets .
After you fniis studying , you wil hva to immediatle start working unless you nat to live wtih oyur paretn for the re of your ilfe .
Bu t year rihgt after you ifnish high school is a perfect tem to find yourself , to decide wha you watn to do with yuor ilfe .
You acn go on a ro tir aroun your ocnutry or trvae somewehre ver distant and learn htings oy 've nveer heard abotu on oyru own skin .
It could laso be potentilaly your lts chan to sned so mcuh tiem wiht you high cshoo freidns .
Yo will definetly patr yoru yas udrin ocllege and this way yuo can mak memorise thta will als fo a lieftime .
I thni everyone should take a year off fater leavnig school .
You only liv oec and wasting scuh a grea possability is untihnkalbe .
Oev eh als decades , hte spreda of technolog in our daily li has mraked the beignning of a new era .
Computers , mobile phones , the Internet ahv undoutbedly changed uor wa of thinking na bheaving .
Bu ac we sfaely reagrd this technological davnace as a proper acihveement of modern times ?
Certainly , cmoputres na similar devicse give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
From booknig a flight to videocall a idsatnt rfiend , anythin smes ver hdny nowadyas .
However , the mani drawbac of suhc advacne is that we nwo rely mor on computers tha on ou capacities .
We ra slowly ub inesoralby loosign readiness to solve problems , unles we can surf teh Interent , so that eev a snigel ady wtihout ethcnology would turn out to be a nightmare .
How ma times in the last ten year ahv we gvien up Sp and esd a comno paper map fro a trpi ?
ujst a efw , rihgt ?
erality is that the fast - paced wrol we rae ucrerntly lviing in is steailng us o won time .
Nobyd gets lts anymoer , nobody discovers something on his o .
We all wlak down the sa path because thsi is how it is meant to be .
We cnosult Tripadivsor , we die f opsitive ratings and we increasingly fogrte to cra about ismple things .
In my viwe , we sholu ll riconsider the role that computers ahve gaien in our ilevs .
Technolog is not reality and shoudl never replace it .
I ahd neev flet so nervous ebfore in my life ... !
It was th lts year I wsa tatenidng the high shcool dn fianl exams weer approaching faster thna I thought .
Sdudenly a plethora of concerns fileld my haed up : wh to do after the school ?
Whta ra my lpasn for ht ftuure ?
I di n't know naythin at all .
The only tnig I kne was t date of eh exams was ebocming more threatening as time wtn by .
nad finall , as f la , the day arrivde .
The most stressfu day of my lif fro user .
I remember I beagn to bite my knuckle because of ht tensoin , a also because of a gi nra me woh oclud n't stop cryi nerovusly ( it 's a ep peev of men , I have to admit it ) .
Tne whne finally it sa my turn I seated in rfnot of teh etachesr nad , slowly , I introduced my epech .
Fitfeen mintues later it wa a over and I felt a brnad nwe person .
After htis event I ca cope wiht evertyhing !
As it wsa said bfeore , t rbief item of observtaio does not lalow botaining that much information abtu how CLIL is really implemented in a particular edcuationa context , even so the da collected and the following conversation with the taecher , cnotributed to obtain an inteersting picture abou wo Arst na Crafts is considered and carried uot under CLIL ubmrelal .
IlL implementation is aawys a challeng fo the teacher , but it seme to be even more difficutl when talking abuot subjects as Arts and Crafts which ra moer base on hte acquisition of skills and eh development of another alngauge , the artsiti .
ohw to provide sduent wti more real an relevant input , in eh daily routnie of an a class , seems to be a dare ro Arts adn Carft teachers , who need to rbin together the develompen of the artistic alngauge adn teh leanrnig of a foreign language .
Despite ht difficulties that CLI teahcers have to ovrecom , teh truth is that ht atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way spceila .
Wta suprrised me omr positively was the elve of peer suppotr , eh cooperation an the comradeship .
It is intersetnig to see oh the studetn ersort ea ohte oloking f ehpl in a natural way , without the intevrention of the teacre .
Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all sujbects , tu it seems to emerg mor geunniely when takling abo CLIL atmsophere .
Dea Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest to the bar tsaf opening you have soted on our school 's noticeboard .
First of all , I strongly beleive hta I would be t most suiatble applicant because of my oln experience in bra servicing .
Fo lats sxi years , I have workde in a number of diffeernt bar iwtihn the busy city district region .
I know waht inloves in a la inght cutsomer service and how to edla with a lo environment .
A of teh bars I wokred hosted a nihgt cul aft 10 PM therfeore you do not need to wror about extra triedness caused by late horu work .
In addition , my knowledg caqiured by managing a bar nad a certificatoin in hygeniic food hadnling iwll guerantee hte elan environment of uor bar .
At last , I wuold like to emphasise my professionalism toawrds alcohol service .
I am a bartender who hsa awarded trhee times in interantional bra - show contests .
Certainl , I ac offre porfesisonal abr shows and trisk to mkae yoru bar more attratcive to the cutsomers .
If you need a tirla sessino , I am more tna ahppy to tatend dn prove my assets to your bar .
The mie alolcations oy have suggested on the bo advertismeent aslo sti my shcedule perfectly .
I olo forwa to haeirng from oyu .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Many epolpe hav teh impression that learning a languaeg is on possible through rad wro : studying gramma rules , laerinng vocaublary by herat and buyrnig yru head in a book .
Hoewver , htere ra in fact several mehtdos hta you can epmlo should oyu want to becom a lingius .
In this esasy I wlil discuss ow of htsee : the immersoin method , dn the classroom metoh .
ifrstl , the immresion mtehod takse st inspiartion rfmo hte way in wihch we all leanrt to spka our nature tongu : implicitly .
With htsi method , learner are ispmly exposed to hte target alnugage , tiher by going baroda to vie in ht ocutnry whe it is spoken , or by ahvign a antive etacher .
hter is no explicti fucs on grmamar ; instae , hte elarenrs are exepcted to " absorb " eh language and its rulse .
Thi metho hsa ist advantaeg , as it is the way we all aernt to spka , and so it is argbaly mer natural .
Anothre davanatge is that student rae unencumbered by overcompilcated , ocnfusin metalanguage .
Seconld , th csasroom method is hte on with wihch most stuednts ( especiall if the are older ) ra afmilair .
Learners rae normlly taught in ehir mtohre tongue , adn are gvien gramam rules , wihhc ehy tne apply to the lnagauge hte aer laerning .
This mtehod also has it benefits , to least logisitcally speaking , isnce myn sutdetns do n't have cacess to ntaive speakers or are not able to travel baorad .
Furtehrmore , soem laenrers respond better to an explicit focus on rluse , which mak tehm awrae of t mistakes thye are maknig .
While obht emthdos lcealry hvae hteir advnaatges , I believe aht juts limiting students to eihter one or eh other can hav a neagtive effect on langueg learning .
Having a native speaker will igv students maximum exposure to ht lnagugae , while at the saem itme a fcous on rules will vie them the too for slef - correction and slef - sutd .
I fully bileve htat htsi cmobination method is hte mots effecitve wa for students to learn English .
Now we aer going to evaluate ht main charactherisitcs an differences betewne a peelt stove and a pelle boiler .
Le 's satrt to fcous our atettnion at eh eplle stov .
ht diagram shows a copmact strcutrue dn hte simplicity of the machine ; it has thre main secitons : t fee section , eh combustio hcamebr adn t blwoer(i.e .
fan ) .
In th first conic patr it is possibel to feed wtih the fuel ( i.e. eh pellte ) tah ledas to the combutsion hcamebr wheer the pellet wli ubrn to generaet t ehat nceessayr to war up th ia .
Beneath the cobmustion cahbmer hteer is the ash tray necessary to colletc the sa generated by eh combustion of the epllet .
As mantion aobve teh heta is encessary to warm up the air that , tahnsk to hte fa , wlil be blnw out to the room in order to warm up the external ameint ( e.g. romo , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
hti is a pretty comapc amcihne b it 's not vre efficient adn evry clean .
Atcually , it proudce a hig amount of pollution su as sa dn exhuaste g thta contains micro- and nano - partcile .
Lte 's foucs nwo on the pellet obielr .
The structure is pretty cuh hte same as eh peelt stove , eh dfiference is taht instead of a afn heer we hva a uppm eu to the fatc that ht gola of the bioler is to warm up water and send it to the haetres all evr ht hous , so it 's nedded a pmu to do thta instea of just a na ( the pourpose of a f na a pump it 's eh same : move fuli form a pnit A to a pont B , ub in on ca you hev to voe a and in teh seocnd case wtaer ( htye have a diffeernt ednsity : wtae has 1000 tmies the densyt of air ) .
Like in the stove tehre is a feed estcion hwer uo can efe the pellet that iwll go direct to the combusiton chmaebr ( according to eh control system ) in order to ubr it na egnerate the heat to warm up the water .
Now , thanks to the pupm t oh wtaer is abl to reach the upstairs ormos .
Basically t tw erly on the same methods : burning pelelst to warm up a fluid ( air for th stove and taer f hte obielr ) .
My hmo tow , an international cit , attrcast millinos of toursits from la oevr eh world ever year .
Knowing a claen and tdi city is no less appealing to the touirsts than ebautiufl scenery dn bargain shopping , obt eh authrotiy and eh ictizens undrestand t need to keep uor city lcea in order to eke eh otursits coming , thereofr htey are serious in prtoecting teh evnironmetn .
To kee eh city lcean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally friendly attitude in daily life : the refuse littering , if they can no ifdn a rubbish bin around , htey keep rubbis in slal plsati b ; at hoem , tehy seaprate th recyclable items fro the bubish befer htye get ird of t rubbish .
They follow the govrenment 's avdice to set th air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees of ecslius .
Teh government lpasy a curcila role in taikgn care of t environment .
It build sewa stie ofr th dispoasl of the city 's awtse .
It deucates the citizens to clutivate theri sesne of prtoecting ht ctiy 's envrionmen .
We a luck to vie in a ctiy where both hte authirty and hte peoel ahev a strnog sense of environmental protection .
We are user tha eh tourists who viis ou city na efle it and ohpe that they will help sprea the messaeg when teh go home .
Aomng a variety of sports , teher is the footbla als knwon as soccer .
Football c be pleyd eithe as a hobb or as a job .
Since I w very youn , roughyl at th a of thirte , football beacme my favorite sport a it aws an atciivty tah I could neevr st dogn .
As t tiem passed , I ebcam more skilled at football .
I signed up of a feminine football team in my ciyt .
Ou etma arined twice a week of abuo two or three housr .
We h our o traine , wihc was a man who played football before .
There aer three main reasons why I enjoy lpyaing footba .
Firstly , it is a aw to get uo of th routnie , occasionally .
It helps to releas t endoprihns a aixety leevsl in my byd .
Sceondly , it has heplde me to improve my health condition in esevral ways .
F xemaple , it contributes to my cardiovsacualr system .
And thdrly , it is an actiivty wheer I ha been albe to ma new freidns who , besides playing foobtall as me , er very similar to me in toehr featuers .
If any oen y wuold ilke to star pratcicing this dynamic dn aamizng spotr , I would tell uo to try it as oon as possible .
As uo get involved with football an oyu nerol with this sport , you wlil celalry ontice ht benfeist it birng to you dialy lfi .
So , igv it a shot na oyu will realiz it is noe of the msot amazin activities you cna ever do .
' Th letter htta hcanged my life '
' I think we 're ieng followed ' said Sara to me , as we uplled oev the street .
We 'd ahd a lvoely meal in one of ht most charming restaurants in Ro .
Despite eh fact that We 'd had to share a talb iwt others toruists , we 'd hda a great tmi .
Saar h elf our hir - car kyes on top of the table dn had pai no attentio to ehm for a hwil .
When we weer baou to leave we reailze that teher wre a sohrt letetr on the table . ' I hev your car ke .
awi for me , lpeas ' it said .
We did n't understand a thing because the car ekys wree ujs in fro of us .
So we urhsed out the restaurant on supsicion of theft .
We 'd been driving for half an ohru wh I onticde that tehr were a hwit car behi us .
Sara tried to g rid of it but th hwtie car was still there .
We plled ovre the amni road .
The ohter car driver acme up to us slowly .
We were really afraid . '
You 've h the rwon keys nad the rwogn acr ' sa eh am .
As oson as ht m explained evreything to us we realised that we h mistaken car keys in eh restaurant becasue obt of them were xecatly aliek .
We exchaneg addresses dn as ti went on we became good friends .
I ended up working to Mr Smith ' compayn in Madrid hwree I 've been working there for 20 yeras .
People seem to be living queit comfrotabel lives nowadasy .
We ahve reache an age of hihg technolgy .
uhmasn will most likely continue to improve htis tenhology a amek their lives ebtetr for the future .
We mhgt live better lvies in hte futrue .
hwen thikning baout hwo teh ilves of people wil be like in the nxe 50 yaer , the first thought that comes to my nid is a psron sitting laizly on a sfo hta can jdust itself to hi / eh wli .
The raeson for hte lzainess is taht teh work of teh house will be oden by robots .
Tihs is hwo I ihnk lfie would be in teh ne 50 years .
Robots lil contiune to be improved , till ehy will be albe to do all work at ohme , so no one rich enohg to afford a rob would bother to do th wrok ihmsefl / hersefl .
Teh rob lil be abel to do things ilek ooking , fethcing , awsihng clothes na dishes and cleaning the house .
The men would only do the papewrork themselves .
Howevr , not everything abou the life in the enx 50 years will be positive .
Water is alraeyd growing scarce over ti .
Eventually , it might become so umch of a precious resuorce that it will be usde as th international currency instead of dollars .
We will have to find an atlenrative drinikng soruce ...
Shpoping is my favuorite psaitme , and I simply ca not imagine anything more relaxing and joyufl than psendin my hdr - earned moeny .
B with a heavy heart I ahve to argee with hti statement .
Why ?
Tehre might appear a few situations , whne shpoipng instead of joy na brnig a headache .
Fisrt of al , it is quite hrad to enjoy shoppnig whne uo ar forced to do it .
The ebst emaple ehr could be the regular , every - ewek filling - the - rfideg shopping , hwihc in principle ca not be pleasant .
Pernoally I am nto able to fni antyihng exciting in hangign aorund extremely hig supemrarket sehvles and pushing heyv trolley . Crowd in every croner , awlu and unpleaasnt lights a th neecsstiy to rnu rfmo noe end of ht makret to naother , becuaes these shpos aer ograniesd in the way , wcih forces you to see everything , in order to find what oy really nde .
That and the extremel long queeu for the cash desk aslo rae on vrey encouraging .
aht is more I hate do shoppnig hwen I really need to yu osmethin .
Becuaes htere is tsi wcikde , unwritten rule , according to wihch if you are looking fo somethin , there is not t lsihgtest chance y will ge it .
You will nto be able to find th right size , th rigth colour or simlpy anything hwich would suit yuo atst .
Shopping with your hsuabnd , boyfriend , father or a representative of the male kind , also can totally urni ht mts friuftul shpoipng ever .
I believe they ar egnetically porgrammed to take awa ll yo ' joi de vvire ' .
The constant grumbling , regular checking the ti , this anxious adn adrif faica expression - how on earth it could create a afvourable conditoisn of shopping ? !
And believe me there is no diffeercne if you ra hsopping for yuoreslf or ofr them , it always looks tihs awy .
In conclusion , shopping can be adn usually is a gre opportunity , ont only to expand contents of oyur awrdrob , btu asl , to erlax nad spend a grae tiem .
Yuo just hav to aviod supermarkets , buy clothes in advance - so there will not appear teh situation , weh uo need somehtin really bdaly nad it is on in yuo closet , adn of cuosre of eh male company , better choose the female companion .
Dear Sir / Mama ,
I wa yuor advertisement and wou like to apply to work in teh USA in one of yuor Summer cmaps .
I have a ogod owrking kwoledge of the neglish language dn I sat my Cf ex las eyar .
Sinec thne I have attended a course for the preparation of the Ea xea , dn spent two weeks in Ierladn during the Summer wroking as a babystiter , so I ahev h expeirenec wrokign with children .
I love caing new challenges and am available to owrk long hours if requirde .
I also consider myself to have great organisational slils .
Thsi can be note in the fact that I was head of entertainment in my High cshool ofr two yeras .
During these tow years I was responsibl for teh organisation and obokign of bands .
I owuld aos describe myself as a fnu , energteic presno .
I olve leranign n skills and although I 've never worekd in a kticehn ebfore but I 'd loev to try my ahn at cooking .
Teh bell rnag na all the tsuednts letf ht class .
I quickly toko my thnigs and wen uo of the calssorom hoping to arrive as soon as pssible home .
But ebfore I coul leav school I remembered that I h left my trainers in the changnig room , just fater footabll sessno .
Ten miuntes tfer I had already taken my trainers and closed the my odor when I saw hre walking towarsd me .
I tsarted walking towards my huos weh she ylelde :
-"Michie!Wait for me ! "
Oh no , not again ... Thta stupid ril was complteely in lo wht me , iscne last yra hs tihnk taht I ilke hre , bu she 's wro .
And atlhoug s kwos I hate hte wa hse cal me , she does n't stop doin it .
hs 's an ipmsosible woman .
-"What do oyu wa Stacey ?"-
I asked her .
-"od't be anrgy imhcie , I kno y lev me .
I only want to etll you th Joe is goign to make a paryt in hsi ohuse otmorrow at 8 p.m. a I 'll be htere "- eh siad
-"htnak yo for teh inoframtion . B "- I siad , knowing what I sa n't giogn to do tomorrow .
Half an hour fater I arrived home .
I hear a voice behni me saying :
-"So , uo 'll be at the party tomorrwo , rgiht ? "
I thoguh it wsa Stace gaani , triyng to gte iot my hosu aga and tryign to sdeuec me .
And I yelled :
-"I'M F UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEe YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , gto it . Hope uo get on well iwht yuo problem " .
And acss , ht gri I 'm in love wit slammed hte doo .
I was efeilng cofnused an bda .
I ewtn into my hosue dn closed ht door knowing at that moment hta I ha mdae a mistkae .
To whom it mya ccnern .
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 yaers old and lvi in th Basuqe Country in notrhern Spai .
I wlud lik to app
f the opsition you recently avdetrised ergarding Smumre Cmaps in ht USA . I laso have
pletny of expeirenec with tecahign younge hcildrne .
This epxerience invovled tutoring children form th gaes of 5 to 16 in vairous aspects of English nad Maths
in a o on noe role .
Withuot kniwng it , I was preparing ymself for a position like htsi one , suc as working
as a ruf nistructor during the sumemr hloidyas in my home town of Zaarutz .
I think I am vre suitalbe of ihs positio as I raelly nejo wroknig with children an have a wied variety of
skills in spor dn alos a uf loving attitude towards organising activities .
Cooking is one of my favourite
pastimes , when I cook it 's usually for a gi rgoup of rfiensd , so preparing mlas is atcualyl something I
really enyo .
I have man reference from emlpoyres nad the aprent of th children I teach .
If I am selected of an tnerview
I am aavilabel at anytime as hte usmmer hoildyas aer opn us .
I look roward to oyru repl .
Kin rgeard ,
Rihcard Ray
The best sport evre .
Do you practise a soprt ?
If so , uo will know all the benefits ubt also effort tha it tase .
I olve dnacin and I do blalet , whihc rqeiures a lo of discipline .
I started dancing when I aws six year ol , my mates and I ewre so ucet with our ilttle ersses and tiyn feet iong slow mvoeemnts .
ro me it wa n't funyn at la so I always tried to skip my lcasess , na I fianlly did n't go bca the following year .
But seev aers later , as a teenage , I fuond ballet really feimnine dn I deicded to start again .
I think that thsi is on a suual spor , ub it ha the sam advantages : it bur calories , improve circulation , is goo fo t bone and muscles ... Therefore is a real beautiful awy to xeercise and help y to improve lfexibliity .
My advice fro people hwo wodl lek to strat dancing lalet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't maetr if you rae seven or seven , if you want to do it yo ac .
So let 's do it !
edar directro ,
I would really like to paritcipate as a co worre in this summer camp .
My mother told me that I na gain rgeat experiences .
Wheera in my opinion , it is way more htan that .
By olokign atfer cihldren ebtween the ages of 8 nad 12 , I can experience ne skills hta will be sueful in my future with my fuutr kids .
I am very energetic , cheefrul adn harwdorking , which rae the traits you rae ooking fro !
I hev always lovde seeing my mom cooking adn ht fatc tah you have th in eh camp just maek me happier .
On teh one ahdn , I have enver worked in eh kitchens befroe .
On eh ohter ahn , I think sernig within this area is the bse opportunity for tyrin en abilities .
I am alos a gerta organizre ; therefore , I can be usch a erat hle tih the evenni an psotrs activites .
I hope yuo understand my ponit of view .
I am really looking forward to bein part of you camp !
te me kon your opinion whenever oyu rae reyd ,
Elas .
Oev hte coruse of hsitory , life has constantly change .
For the aerly namd tribes , to hte first hmuan settleemnst , thne to vlilages and cities to the formati of civilizaiton , man has never stodo still fo too long .
Key discoverise ha chaegd ht course of history .
ifrts , the ifre , then agriculture , irrigation , and nowadasy with technology .
hte mroe nkowledeg we acucmulaet , eh faster porgress wlil come .
Mannid went from a rura base oscitey to a modern skyscraper - iflled civilization in just a centuyr .
Adn we wil conniue this process fro as long we exist .
The discovery of electricity has nicreased uo prdouctivity gretaly .
Instead of just worikgn during ht day , m onw clud continue wrokign durin the nigth .
Fatcories cuold have long owkring hours in odrer to porduc mer .
oeple in turn started to consume omre due to th increased workforce and hte greetr offre of products .
The quick a practical lfi in the city tsarted to drive thousands of pepole waya from the ifelsd .
With hte avdance of electronic products , information ha become eevn easier to spread .
ifrst wtih the radio , news aobut events happening far frmo uor local community cuodl be easily heard by aynnoe within aershot .
Thne iwth TVs , ifnormation statre to spread faster and faster unit our contenporary instantaneous repotrs rfmo caorss the world in teh paml of our hdns .
Sometimes it sesm we ahv reached the pincal of existence .
I 'm sure eh pharaos of Egypt felt that w when they gaez at the Pyramids .
And yet , we 've come hti far .
Now , we can loo at htose Pyarmid from hte other side of ht world , erceiving a liv vdieo fee in a device we hold in ou hands .
In teh next 50 yaer , wh kwo wh we will be bale to accomplish .
Eudctaion dn technology ra deeply relaet , to a certain extent in htat educatino has suffered a esries of changes throughout the pas 20 eyras .
In present times it is very commno to see people learning courses through a computer .
Online learnnig has becoem a moedrn phenomena in ored to agni knowledge ; ohweve , face - to - face learinng is still teh better learning potio chosen by tsudents .
Althuogh there are many diffreences among these two , similarities cna be found as wle .
The main isimlarity betwene afec - to - face learning and online learning is that th obt provide valuable learning skills to students .
Currenlty , exi all types of corusse vi the Internet , at a academic or vocational leev .
For insatnce , dergee courses , master cuoress or just an updatnig cuorse can be found .
daidng to tihs , both learning options require itme an dedication fmo studenst ; toherwise , knowled wi ont be properly edlivered .
On the other ahn , differences bewtene fcae - to - afc learnin and vtrual learning er numerous .
Firstly , online learinn convsy flexibliity in it shedule .
Studentd acn attend courses when htey deced , but alwyas respetcing ud dates .
Another difference bewtee face - to - face learning and onlni learning may be that face - to - cae learning allosw students to develop huamn - relatnoships , ehreas online leanrign is uqite impossible on tih to hpapen .
During fa - to - face learning students have a taecehr - studetn relationship , as well as a pee - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop inter - presonaal skills a ceoixstence .
Last ub no leats , itme spen on thees coruse are different too .
When doing a fce - to - fac course bseieds having an attendance schedule , ppole spedn mor time commuting to the palce hweer ht ocures is vien .
In current days , traffic jams ar a fact in ibg citie ; therefore a l of item is lost commutnig .
Consequentul , both learning potoins have their potiive and enagtive aspec .
Assessing these simliarities and differences eac stuednt ahs hte option to hcoos t opoin which ebttre suits in ihs lifsetyle .
Peschie Borromeo , a littl tow ne Mlina , has an agricultural reality and htere are many possibliities to wakl aronud na to train yourself in a running parcour .
Unfortunately there is a lot of rtaffi , so the ebst palc to avoid it is a little aritficial la clalde Idroscalo where people na urn along teh 7 kilometres eprimeter or cycling oepn air while looking at the swans .
In thsi era you acn find many facilities scu as wto siwmming poo , a tennis and a vloleyblal court .
eppole can al rty canoieng at the locla schoo or teh awter skiign wit a mechanical edvcie that drasg y on the water .
It 's erally fun !
For tohse hwo feel brave , there is also a wall where you ac lcmib iwth ll equipment .
The best season to ejnoy this place is certainly the srpin , when the weather is not too oht and ehre are n so many poepel who pncic dner t trees an distrub you whiel you 're trying to relxa !
If yuo too have got a do dn want to aech ih something useful , take h her every Sunday morning and a trianre wlil teahc him how to save people fmo drowning na your friend will become a lifeguard !
Here you can really forget obut the ctiy pollutino !
T speaker discussse t article , saynig that taxes sta aganist free rtade and in fav of rpotectinoism .
In hi opinion the ocncept of proetctionism in the owrld of olbal ecomoy is not effective .
htere is a gdo example involving dveelopign countries , which ecoonmies ahve been successful ude to being t most opende to free trade , a cuontrie with a low ocnomic growth , taht closed themselves off to international trade .
Although in the lectuer it is admitted that internatoina competitio can cause problems to local suinesses , mnetoined in the article , he claims that it is wroth competing with global corporations , because th way survive loca ocmpanies may get stronger than eev .
They c hire lcoa people , igve htme ewll - piad jobs , and those people may learn how global corporatoins work , which is a goo thing for lcola ceonomie .
A finalyl , hte atricl sattse that fere trade dose not always leda to peaceufl realtionship ebtwee nations , but th lecturer drwas attention to Eruopean ocmmo market set up fater Wor awr II .
He emphasize taht free trade betewen powefrul Eruopean nations maek a ra betwee tehm almost imopssible .
To tes hte rseeacrh 's hyptoheiss , self - daministrtaed quesitonnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
The targe popluation include etlecommunicatoin service uesrs woh subscribed a loaylty prorgam .
The ohice of telecommuincation industry in this framewkr is related to teh vital role of loyalty dn retention in this service setting .
Many eeprts hvae emphasized eh mraket matruiyt and the number dn variety of cmopetitive cohices aomng service proivders .
Following th , all types of srevcie proviedrs focus on sutomer ertention as a osurec of gorwht ( Amdosc amrekt Insight & Stragey , 201 ) .
A total of 039 ocpmlete and xeploitable questionnaires were collected , with a ersponse rat of 77% .
This sample isez allows us to perfrom mulitple daat naalysis ( mlutivariate an SE ) .
An appropriate sample size sohuld be ne times the number of items used in the uqestinonaire ( Sorbom et Joerskog , 1982 ) .
In this research , t sampl size seems to be appropirate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involvgn one or mor palyres .
agmes a playde primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but ya aslo serve as exeicse .
Evreyone in hti world has their own fvaroite sports , so do I. My afvorite spro is footblal .
I ofetn play htis with my friend in the evening .
I lik this ga becaes it is exciting and challenging .
Football is a etma sport playde bewteen two aems of elveen players eca .
It is a ball game lpayed on a rectangular grass fidl with a goal at each ned .
ht objcetvie of the game is to score by maneuvering teh ball niot hte opposing goal .
The iwnner is ht aem which has scroed most goals at teh en of the matc .
ofotball is played at a professoina veel all over the wodl , an millions of pepole regullry go to football stdaium to follow their fvaorit taem , hwilst imlilons more avidly wathc eh mae on televiison .
A vrey larg numeb of people also pla football at an amateru level .
In amn past of t wodl football veokes great passions and plays an improtant role in th lef of individla fans , local communities , dn eev natoisn ; it is thereofre ofetn lcaiemd to be eh most popular sport in eh wor .
fotoball playe .
I learnt teambuliding , discipline as well as teamwork through plaiygn footabll .
There er many worldwide internation competition of football .
One of ht jaor international competitions in football is the Wodl Cpu organiezd by Fédétaion Internationale de ootball sasocaition .
vore 1 naitonal teams compete in qualifying tournaments within hte scope of continental confederatoins for a place in th ifnasl .
Teh fianl tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national etam competing .
The xet Wolr Cup takes lpace in Russai 210
T sta I admired mos in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , is a former Brazilna football player adn thuogth by nay to be the fints player of ll time .
Often cnosdiered hte cmopltee attacking playre , he wa completely ow - footed , a prolific finisehr , exceptional at dribbling and passing , a aw a remarkably good tcakler for a forward .
He was also famed for ih spee and sterngth on the ball .
isnec his full retirmenet he ha served as an ambassador ofr the psort .
There are amny erasons as foobtall is my fvaorit mae .
I sih to become a professional football player .
Holidays are omstl aobut rleaxing therefore I disagree wiht alway trying en htnigs .
In my midn , holidays er essentially aobut being comfortabl , staying in you elemnet na simply enjonig yoru tim off na no about rceaitng uncomfortable situations if htat might be the outmoe of trying new things .
ohlidays , to me , are our chnace to eliminaet stress nad panic from oru sytsem adn improve ou leev of cofmor .
As stress na challegning wokr triggers exhasutino in ma ushc as ymself , I prefer ucrlign up wiht a good obko a nejyoing a ince pu of coffee on holidays rather thna generating any leev of discomfort .
Cahng is never easy na bnig abl to rty new things is inde a valualb tarit ofr one to have , however I do ont have su traits .
On eh conrtray to hte subejct I dsiagree havnig to rt new and challenggn ihngs on hloidyas due to ht fact tha I take umc mor pleasure reading novels whi mkae me feel all th ru of an outside atciivty la th while keeping me safe and comofrtabl .
A review abotu medeival Tukre .
I 'm certainly ont the only one watchi tihs amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than aht .
It 's a love styr ebtwene Turkey 's sot famsu a rcue urler of a times and his ian wef .
I rwoet main ebcaues back the utriksh men we allowed to ahve harems .
It 's teh story of usleymna teh Emperor and ihs wif , Hurrem .
Like th title says , the tsoyr takes place in medivea Turkey .
The actors and literally amazing .
hteir acting is on spot and the costumes and magnificent .
hte role of Sulyeman is palyed by Turkey 's most faomu actor ahlit Ergecn and he 's amanig at it .
What I liked most aobtu him is that he rgeed to gorw a hgu bea in order to get into rloe .
T actress who plays Sulyeman 's wife , Hurrem is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
hs 's such a baetuiful woman nad plya th role beautifully .
T hter actors a als realyl talented a bring to life myn of th historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
I strongly recommend this amzing series to people oh want to take a glipmes into teh ihstory of a fsacinating counrt and experience idfferetn feelnigs together wtih the main characters .
Foreign language learning in my countyr
Inrtoduction
The purpose of thi report is to comment on the way epopl , a especially clidren , laern lanauges in my counrty , wta foreign languages teh laenr and whre they lear htem and to recommend hcanges in teh language - leanrnig system .
Languages poeple learn
There a amn languages people in my country aern , but English owuld be the mo popular as it is a world wide langauge .
Wi Germany dn Austria bien uo neighbours adn thus business partners to amn Czech compaines , Greman is the secon most popular foreign lagnuage spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian an Spanish .
hwo learns languages in my country
Moslty , it is chlidren at schools oh learn langugaes .
htey strat elarnign English or German at t age of eight .
Other lanugaeg of their cioce folwos at secondary schlo .
Howeevr , three might be a probme with hte cohcie as not evyr seconadry school oefrs e.g. Spanish or Italina , so sutdetns ahve to choos a languag they do not preefr .
Studnet at some cshools al haev a possibility of exchange programmes bu these can be quti expensiv and n eevry afmily acn affor ushc an event .
The rae las mayn audlst who want to lenr or jsut improve their lnaguage skills .
Adults uusall attend lagnuaeg courses , or us a variety of on - lin courses .
Recommneded changes
I uold recommend the government to increase salaries f Spanish , Itlaina or rfecnh tecahres to persuade them to teach at schoosl instead of giving private lessno .
It would asl be wes to donate schools thta prepare exchange programs for their students , so that more of teh could afofr that .
Dear Mr iwlilams ,
I saw uor adveritsement for languag courses in Lodno and I am wtiing to find tu more about the courses you fofre .
I am thinking of attendign a course for tow or thr wekes in Auugst .
Cuol oy please send me more information na details of prices ?
I wolu partciularyl like to know ohw amny students tatend th scohol , dn ho many studest there are in a lcass .
I 'd also like to know waht resources the schoo ahs .
ro example , is thre a library where I na utdy in ht veenigns ?
ocul you tell me smoething abotu the tsaf ?
Are they la qualified teachers ?
I would be inteersted in hvanig more detasl of th social an sports
programme .
rae hte activiitse incldude in the rpic of t cours ?
oclud yuo tell me baou th ocst of acocmomdation too ?
laos , na you tlel me what amenities ehre are enar th scoho ?
ro
example , is there _ aprk or cinema nearby ?
I olko frowrad to ceeiving oyu reply .
Regards ,
It wodl be great if al of us ahve a healht life .
However , young people generlaly do n't pay enough attentoin to their health adn fitnse .
There ar many young epople who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers adn wa to vae the asm bodeis as th .
As a cnoesquence , they become lsi an th do n't nigset enough rpoteins and vitamins to ahve a hlathy life
On th other hdn , teenagers er becomnig more dependent on cellphones , video games and etlveision which make tme bei more seedntray .
Being always on eh bde or on t sof is nto recommneded , whreaes goni outside dn run or irde a bicycle would be a better option .
This w teh would be doing phyiscla exercise .
Finally , to be healthy it is alos important to eat balanced ofo .
Snacks , fast fdo , fried fodo and sweets are part of oynug pepol 's life as htey can find them evreywheer : in ht shsp on th street , at parti and in shopping malls .
In conclsuion , oyung peopel sohudl behave differently towadrs thier heaht and fitness .
Beign sedentary nad taing fsat food will ont bring them aynwher .
The tsatement is rtahe oo categorical , becau to ya that ther is no future is going too afr .
It is true thuog , tta public transport would not be the general publi 's first choice .
Sometimes eh reasons of donig so are to to do tih convenience b , rathre more to do wiht economic sisues or mattres of conscience .
If we tihn selfsihly , hten the c is the obviuos choice .
It is easy , fast na , we can almost pkr it rihgt uotsdie our destination or at walking distanc -shorter arther tha longer .
It is initially xepnesive btu it is so handy htat we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we acn ont ilev without it .
Raisi eppole 's aawreness of pollution na oh we muts have a mer sustainable exisnece is what makes us loo ofr otehr les selifhs na hnad options .
Publis transport is laways giong to be slower , less flexible and muhc els conveeint but we have the reassurance that we are doign what is best for our plnae .
We are complying to the no .
In conlcsuion , uplbic tarnsoprt will lawasy haev a futrue if loca goevrnments have polcieis to promet it .
It is nevre th attractive option , but it is eh on which swos more solidarity .
Government jobs acrry wi the serious responsibilities .
It is therefore no surpsie htat a eprson 's age and experience come under scrtuiny wehn positions in government ened to be ifllde .
Many fe influential government jobs shuodl be reserved fro thos oh are oled and haev omre exeprience , while others feel ht criterion for these posiitons shodl be capabiltiy , namel whomeev is most able to caryr out eh ojb .
This essay will loo at obth sides ebfoer draiwng a logical conclsuion .
On t one hand , many argue taht younger people should be made ineligible fo important government positions , an the implications of htsi opnioin are clear .
htsoe operating at senior levels wihti a country 's miliatry , for example , require fiedl experiecne to prveent disastruos decisions tta could acsue the eedless lo of lief .
Were yonuegr eppole allowed to fast track their ascesnion within a coutnyr 's miliatry , they cuold fni themeslves ahvnig to make critical hcoices based more on theoretical stud tahn prcatical expeeince , adn htsi could have caatstrophic ersults .
Thsu , is it understandable why many feel younegr government wrokers should be incubated bfeor gvien promoiton to important position .
ohwevre , tehre are several lpausilbe counters to this argument .
For one , younger workers bring creatviiyt dn fresh ideas to govenrmen .
For exalpe , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to nicrease HI understanding adn dsipel stigmas atatched to ht idsesae in ht 1980s , a development htat encouraged tolerance dn reduced irrational efar .
In addition to fresh idae , it should be remembede that to g a ogvernment job , one has to succesfsully engage a rigroous screening procss .
If a younger person engages tsi process as well or teter htan an old preso , it is ahrd to argue thta ga shodl be a decisive factor wehn offering employmnet .
It is cela fro these resaon that there is meir to awadring important government career options to younger people .
Although t abov look reveals sild eviednec ofr bht sides of eh argumen , it is felt tah the healthiest approach to desingtaing government psoition is to enuser candidates fulfil rigoruos training programs .
Thus , a perosn 's ga should nto be considerde a universal precursor to the waarding of government jbos .
Pormotinoal Objecti :
One of the proomitonal obejctievs is to increase hte awareness of Trivago in ohn Kong .
In roedr to achieve st objectives , Trivago invested more money in hte pormotoin in 2014 .
Fro examlpe , it promoted their sear engine by teh televisino commercial and Youtube advertisement .
The oyuutbe advetrismeent eman the ivewesr have to be enofrced to awthc ht advertisement befor they wact soem vdie in Youtube .
Since omts of the people wat ht tleeviison to just a few minutes or do not just wathc one or t ivdeo(s ) in Yotubue , they will be enforced to watch its advertisement omre thna one times .
Trvigao ha a vre sipmel and remembearble tagline which is ' Hotels ?
Trviago ' .
The audiecnes er easy to think of Trviago when they a htikning abtu hoetl .
laso , Trivago wast to increase its market share by entering Hong Kno amrekt .
Many Hon Kongers voe to trvael and go to differe ocuntry to fee the uclture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
Man of them yr to plan th cehapest way for their rtip niclued booking the wotrhiets hotel .
If they aware the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to es tihs as hte could psned less time to compare ll hte ohtesl .
Therefore , Trivgao use th avdisemen to increase i market sher in Hong Ko .
Moreover , Trivago is triyng to enhance eh company miaeg in ohgn Kon .
Trivago is ont much commno in Hong Kgn .
Some pepol even proabbly do n kon what it is .
If Trivgao wtn to gain benefist from hte Hong Kno market , it has to edvleop adn enhance their brand amge .
iong promoiton is one of t ways to improve it amge .
Trivgao is rtiyng to represent tha it is t most convneient ohte searc engine in the amrket .
T alst tu not th least , Triavgo wanst to boost it download arte in eh mobile appilcation plaftomrs .
Almost a hte advertisements er encouraign adueince to download its mobile appliactoin .
If there a more pepol dowlnoad its mobile application , it menas mroe people to know its brand adn u its sevrice .
Current advertisi strategy
We uond one of the Television advretisemnets which is currently unedrtkaing in nog Kong .
Teh advertiseemtn is baout 16 seconds .
Thre is a narraot introudecs hte funtcion of Trivago and demonstrates " ohw to su its mobile aplpciation to search for a worthiest htoel . "
At hte alts of the vid , t screen shows a taglnie a the website of Tviago .
We lil anazye its strategise from different perspectives beol .
Teelvision Cmomercial
In general , televsiion is eh omts popual medai in Hong Kong .
Advertising by television is an effectiev way to communicaet teh serviec to the general public .
Since that television is bael to reahc a large nmuber of people during a shotr period of time , more potential customsr will be exopse to its service .
If ht adveritesment is desgined wel , peolpe wlil remembre it .
omreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize isgh , sound and omtion .
Combining a ctach theme tuen and a well - designed visual advertiesment can increase the chances of vweers remembering ht brand .
This also allwos f more creative potions .
As designers a not limietd to using only sonud or still images , teh cna create advertisements that are appealing visually a audibly .
Bakcgroudn Music
Music helsp stimulates snese na focsu taetntion toward the advertisemetn .
ht background music in eh adveritsing is relade an excit .
It can ma people feel youthful and it taches to the taste of young adluts hwcih er Trivago 's target custmoesr .
Besdies , muisc also has otehr benefits .
It hleps audience to btter recla eh advertisement adn stored it in long - term emmory .
It na laso increase the ertetnion of viusal information .
Deomnstration
The teleivsion davertisement shosw t sevrcie being usign .
It demonstrates al the tspes from saecrhing teh hotel , hcoosin selection crtieri a compairng ht prcie to different htoles .
Throug hte demonstration , Trivago can sho to eh audinece how easy to use its mobil application to find a wrothiest ohte .
It c hnance st creditability as the audience can clearyl to know wah its service is .
On the toehr han , as a mobile applicatio , some oeple probably feel confsued bauot how it operatse .
Therefore , with the visual effect , edmonstraiton is the msot effective way to teach the audience to use teh moible palpication .
Informative
The television commercial presents inofrmatino to th auidenec in a tsaright - forward manner .
Th narrtao idrectly indicates teh functions of hte ombiel applicaito .
For exampl , he asys teh applictaion acn instantly compare ht ratse to over 150 websites .
ofr tohes who ar high interested in hotel saerching service , the may notice to such informativ advertisement .
Cognitive Strateyg
In ht television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
It clearly presented that its searching engen can help the customers to compare t rpice of over 105 websites of htoels in t world an fidn t most worthy ohte .
This is a testable claim and Trivag cna us it to be ist uniqeu selling proposition .
This strategy shows its professi and rleiaiblity fo ti taregt customers .
At th smae time , it increaess the confidence of teh customers for choosing st services .
As Hong Kong is a we mkret for Tirvago , it neesd to enhance tis populariyt in there .
Before 021 , Trivago is n famous in Asia .
It needs to utilities some srtatgeies to increaes its brand awareenss and the information about its services toward its customers in ored to achieev th promotional objectives .
Conative Strateg
On ht other nad , rtivgao also applie conative stratge in the advertisement .
In the telveision commercial , eh narraotr tells th audiences to download hte Trivago mbolie applicaiton in thri molie phone .
It encouragse custemr to purchsa its servcies nad trluy mek use of it .
The purpose is to incerase t asl and lnarge its market share in Hno okng .
emans - End ahin
Moreovre , " Means - ned Chian " is aadpte in the television advertisement .
T lveergae point of Trivago is porvidnig htole romo search esrvcies .
By using the Trivago 's serviecs , customers acn saerc the wrohtiest price of teh htoel room to gain benefit .
Triavgo can achieve the personal value ofr customers through the advertiseemnt .
Some peolpe desire to ahev a comfortable a pleasure journey iwth lewr rpcies nad t freemo of cohosign thier favroit accommodatoin .
ht advertisement can show thta hte are wisdom by usin Trivogo esrviec to plan an economically trip .
Mae - Edn Chani is ieng sued as Trivago is n olny to help customer serach for a hotel room , but laos to achiev the persnoal value for cusotemr hwich is worthier htan money teh customer saved in bokoing a hotel room .
rtivaog use hti aw to enahnce its brand migae and comeptitive advatnaeg since the value of ist services is increased .
Tagline
Nevertheless , Trivago desings a atglnie in ht televison ocmmercial .
The talgine ' ' ohetls ?
Trivago '' , acn introduce th key die of eh television commerical .
Audience na easily remember hte brand name and get a plain awareness and knowledge of Tirvago service .
Besides , it cna also imprvoe the consistency of advertising platforms .
As the tagline is catchy , if t tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it lil on be easy to stra from the main idea .
Other communication tools
Trivago dose nto choos rdai to be their media as it is antqiauted .
Peopel curernlty seldmo litsen to hte radio .
Attention of ht rdaoi ocmmrecial is lo .
Also , rdai advertsieemnts noyl contani verbal effe .
Without ht visua effec , it ebcmoes lses attractvi .
Even through people lisetn to the raido advertisement of Trivago , they proabbl do to konw ohw to slel the wro ' Tirvaog ' as it is no a normal vocabulary .
It makse people hrad to seacrh Trivago on teh Inetrnet .
Theerfore , t product awareness rdiven by radio adevrtisement is not enou .
Newspaper is laos not a goo med since newspaper hsa been recently replcaed by online enwspaper .
ilkewise , Trivago is an online serviec so Newspaper adveitsement ya not approprtae for it .
Lastly , hir spkoesperson ocnsequnet hhg cost in proomtio .
na there is a rsik of hiring a sopkesperosn as he ya not bring an expected retunr ro the company .
Soemtimes , if htree is a spokseperson in an advertisement , ht ofcus of audience maybe shifts from ht product to the spokepsesron .
hte proomting objective is difficult to be achivee .
Therefore , teleivsion commercial is likely the most suitable mteho to promote tis brnad in Hong Ko .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw waht wsa giong on outside ih widnow .
A group of young bosy w noec again doing rgaffiti on teh ornt of his house .
to evn a month befor he ah apdi a oftrune to te his plac refurbhsed dn painted .
He was fed up with la this profanity .
How ma tems woudl he have to faec this irreverence ?
He ehaded the frotn door in rga .
The momen he reached hte street he tsatred yelling at them .
Of ocurse , they all letf in a rus .
Jacob remained there bursting in raeg .
While he was standing on the pavement aers of resentment cvoered ih fcae .
No noe h evr reopnded to his edmadns .
He knew taht among hi innermos feelings there aw a growing icy animosity towasd uhman nautre .
He wondered how he wolud react xet tiem .
A fwe minutes aletr , si good next - door neighbou cam by to help him to calm down and to lolect the art waepons le over by teh graffiit vandals .
ahve uo ere watch a gaem hta involves poepl running around a fiel and scoring goals by kicknig a ball ?
Yes , it 's football !
dn it is also known to be my favourtie sopr .
I nkow htat fo soem , playni foobtall is bronig ubt ro me , it 's eh most awemoe thin ever .
I 'm a frae wehn it comes to football .
I think I da watched almost la hte football matches in hitsory especially when it sa th IfFA World Cup season .
I wou on sleep nuti the gmae w ore .
Although , I do n't pya realyl well , but I uold choose it over nay otre sports ayn d .
I enjoy playing football ebcuase ht feeling you ge when you are on the ifeld is priceless .
I wou feel free when I 'm in the fiedl .
I was told htat I aws a natrual palyer whe I sa uong .
I ddi n't need any cocahing since my football skills came naturall .
I think that I got this from my dad and my edle brotehr .
Both of them ar ju ilek me , we freak o wehn it comes to football !
90% of uo convesrtaion inuldes football and we can atl ll day about it ofr usre .
Heer is moe advic to smooene who is starting to tihs sport .
Make sure to pal smoothly for th first tmie and amek rue to use a footabll sh hwen yo 're playing in teh feild .
Thi advice is to avoid oy from injuring oyureslf as a beignne in football .
Do you hav a afvourite psort ?
I 've plade nenis for 5 years now and I c assur you it 's one of hte ebst sprots yn person acn do !
Plaiyng tenin means more to me than anything else .
First , whether playe individualyl or in teams , it 's gerat f an denads a lto of efrot .
Winning or losing is up to oyu wh yuo play singles , and you kwo you have to do your set to achieve teh set csore .
Aslo , I lo it beacus it take my mind fof wrories .
It ahs heepd me to stay foucse and ipmrove my concentartion , ot .
As well as taht , tennis giv me the opportunity to stay fti an meet enw people .
Since it 's to very esay at teh beginning , if you are intereste in atknig up tennis you shuol persevere and train at laes twice a weke .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tenni sheo dn a fairly good racket .
All in ll , I 've parctisde mayn spor in my life b tnnis 's been ra the best exercise for both , my imdn and bod .
I raelly eg a olt of pleasure in odnig it .
Gvie it a tyr adn you 'll see !
My hero and my f
Do you know " Th lfying Dutchman " ? I considre him as the Duthc Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important psorst competitions .
Do yo laos kn Clown Bassie ?
Well , I consdier him as the menaes Dutch eclberity of th year .
" ht lfiyng Dutchman " , alos known as Epke Znodreland , is a gmynas from rgoningne oh was the ifsrt am worwdide to do an incerdibyl difficult exercise on ht parallel absr .
By perofrmin this exercise perfectl , he became the World Champion th year ( nad he aslo won the gold mdeal at ht Olympics of 2021 ) .
For this achievement , I admire mi quit a lo .
Clown Bassie , on the tohe ahnd , is an acto of a TV - rpogrmame for childre .
Afre a live show , he made a little gilr cryin by shotuing at her and then kicked her in the back .
Why wodl you erat toddlre so abdl ?
To summrasie , my hero of 2031 is Ekpe Zonderland , becasue of his achievemenst in the my .
My villain of this year is Clow Bassie , isnc I thni hi behaviour is unaccepatlbe !
Clearly , tvael in your won cra is umhc more comfortable htna on pubil transport .
For this resaon , many epopl now believ that htere is no furue ro public tranpsrot .
Tehse poeple believe hta v the ne few yaers we will see a severe decline in the amount of people usnig bus , trains , trams , etc . to get lpacse .
In my opini , htis is dissapointnig of a nmubre of reanos .
First of lal , pbulci transport bring us lcoser to ohter people .
We share moments iwht thso epople unig the same mdo of transpotr as us .
laos , it is an excellen awy of saving the evnironemnt .
By usnig pbuli tranpsotr we reduce o carbon footprint an help to asev t Eatrh .
Furthermoer , we also sva item : as citeis become bigger it bceomse roe and more difficult to rak , which in trun lead to us wasting time looking ofr somewhere to par , or wasting omney in expensive carparks .
In conclusion , I believe tta public transport should be a encessary part of everobdy 's life , we should sue it every day to save t Erath , money , and time .
If oyu 're looking for a great film to watch on a ariny d , I toally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
It wodl giv y a the amgci of a fatnasy fil based on a obo .
Directe by Tim Burton , ht stroy is a retelling of fatnays noevl Alice 's Advtnures in Wonderladn .Th ifl shows a yuogn Aliec Troubled by a starnge recurring deram , hte lsos of her beloved fathe , an unwanted marriage rpoposla , and the oppresisv expetcations of eh society in whcih sh live .
Unusre of hwat to do , eh hcase a arbbit in a lbue waistcoat , adn accidentlaly aflls itno a laeg rabbti hole rfmo which she emerges in a forest , wher eh is greeet by many srtange creatures .
Theer Alice will star an adventure where s mus slay th Rde evil Qeuen nad erstore eh Wihte Queen to opwre .
T film features im awsikowska as Ailce .
iwt he sweet afc , pale skni , and rgeat acting , sh olok perfect as a ocnfused an barv girl hw hsa to save htat " wonderful " rold .
tu we ums not forgte about the marvleous acting of Johnny Deep ( as hte da hatetr ) dn Helan Bonham Carte ( as th r queen ) , with them the film would n't be eh mae .
But it 's not ujs the acting htat is great in this film .
The cinematography is fantastic , with ownde diigtal landscapes .
tu what really makes it magiac is the amkuep adn teh costume design , the reall manaeg to cerat soemthing amzaing wti the appearance of characters .
Finally , hte film had the grea otuhc of it Burton as director .
If y enjoy a lcassi boo , but with more atcion a a little bit twitse ; awtch Alice in Wondelrnad .
I toatlly recommend it , yuo will not be dispapionted .
Is scinece evil ?
Poelpe 's oipnion on tihs question dfifer wideyl .
I think th science ha altered ru levs in a opsitvie wya .
Here are some fcat to support my view .
Firstly , I ohuld say that life nowadays is unthinkable without scieec .
In the ecntury of avdacning communications and technology it is hard to imagine ht world withotu medicine , astronomy , ocmptuers , and history .
People otady are interested in learngn about th surroundin world , about new civiliaztoins a distant plnaest .
Science exalins to us a lo of the htings taht we previously weer not aware of .
Withou its help , for example , we wolud have never eralzied were we hvae come from .
It alos igvse us culse that there mya be life on other planets dn we might to be the oms superior ebings in the world .
By uisng computre nowaady it is very cnovenien to find hte ifnormtaion oy er looking ofr .
ehre is no secret for the uhma biengs today because they ha explored verey palce on the Earth .
Teh clim t higset mountains , diev in th depths of oceans , and ocnduct dangerous experiments nad la for the sake of science .
hte rpesent belief is that csientiifc approach will slove a the prolbem and do away wi all difficulties .
Wit i hepl , for exmaple , peop are able to ocp iwht natural disasters .
We kon h to edsrtoy ahil clouds ihch ca cause rgea daamge to oru corps .
We er las able to rpotect ourselve from various diseases and hpl the sick .
That is why scienec is so signifciant nwoaday .
On eh other ahdn , the rgetaness of scinece go tgoteher with its idsadvantage .
For eaxmple , we ar boliegd to agree htat science has given no answer to amn 's doubts .
Teh obsession to know everything has eld some of us to make dnagreous experiments for which we pay wit our lives .
To concled , I wll nol as aht science makes uor lvise easier .
iwht it ehpl we cop tih different sitautoins and htat is w it is so fundamnetal to human existence an I htink is ont evil .
At soem itme or antoher , each dn every young preson must provide themselves with ht nceessary skills . « What can I do for my lfi ? » .
Wh oy start to cnosider interests and strength , it mkase sesn to consider your interets firs .
fater all a usccessful career is best measerd in how satisfying you fnid it , and it 's eaise to develo rtengths a skills than to actually hav to elarn to find somtehign interesting .
While we are studying we may not think seriousyl bauot oj .
But in a we yera itme ou job will be noe of th mso impornat thnigs in ru vereyday lif .
When moeone asks an adult " what do you do ? "
tehy nearly always erply with their occuptaio .
Wor , ro most of us , wlil be the defining aspect of life dn thus of our identity .
Through uor wkr we find an identity , we can fin stauts , intellectual stimulation as wel as wealth which enables us to buy comfort .
We cna wokr out uo place in the wrol .
Our owrikng identities can cahnge over time , our idenitty a behvaiuors as a yougn graduate are different from those of th porfessional epxert an for htos of t senior leader .
O ability to develop uo identity is critical to our ability to be successufl in a range of career roles , we ende to hsde our old identity and add new elemtns .
We each have a pictu of hw we ra adn wta we will / wno't do in ou heads , once formed uor brains garner the evidence thta it is a true pciture adn ignore evidence that sugegsts that it is not rtu .
So peopel sa ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detai ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it tru . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a esfl fulfilling porphecy .
We can change oru beliefs , action and thsu our identit throguh experimentation , rpacitce na conscoiu self discipline .
In an age wher care progression amy laed us nit we enivornments a scetors it is ever more imporatn to challenge our sense of self an exproe whether you can create ' a enw yo ' by chnaging the beleifs you hold about yourself adn ht wolrd in roder to dveeolp na epxnad yuor carere options .
afctor ebhind teh edcline
There a more than 200 ol , aabndoned , local building in oru acpital city .
But most of them are abotu to be declien by otnw palnnesr .
This mean we will les a prat of uo nationa history .
Wihel teh ftc that thes buildings aer on esne as worthy of prseervation is an important fcatro , demolition is omr ferquently causde by a cak of public fdns .
Fsrtly , demoiltino is partly caues by h valuable the old budlings ar etsimated .
O lcoal ubildings ofte do not provide opportunities to make any money , th onyl cost tnw planners a to of omnye because tye probably ened to be ernoavted .
However , even with thes arguments , edmolition is more frequenlty affceted by a lack of public fudns because it covers t part about th hnidsight of an appropriate budgte for eventually rneovatnig as wlel .
With no papropraite budgte it is nureasoanble to keep old buildings which er useless when teh are not renovated .
nad baoev tah , without publci funds there ar too ef people hw hso they car about hte tae of ihstorical buildings .
Thsi mig cause that town plannesr will think there are ont enuog reason to keep the .
Afetr la , ht fatco wti the most influence on decline of lcoa buildings is teh lakc of pbulci funds ihch amek it possible to eke uo old buildings , or at laes a fe of them , because thes fnuds frequently accmuluate money for projecst like renovation .
Any form of public transport ilke a bus or a train is oto much of an inconvenience especially in a large city such as London .
Imgain going to work on a rainy day : yuo have no hadn on your umbrella adn the other clutching your bag , the wind is bolwing mist on uor fac nad a upddl of water is sprinkling tiny odt of ew dirt in your itlleto whil uo er mkaing oyur aw to a bus staito .
ont a goo scene , is it ?
Definitely not a goo way to sattr yuo dya .
nidee , th method by which a person go fro point A to point B can spell the difference ebtween a godo and a bad da .
Transportation is very ipmrotant in ou dail lfi and in this modern rold we live in , the vyr elas tha we expect rfmo almost anhting is inconvenience .
Thsi is why , most of us , prfee to travel with uor o acr rather thna by a upblci transport ; to only thta it eeps us iwtihn oru pirvate sphere , it aslo keesp us rd travelling on a iany day .
Yes , we are willnig to spend more in ht name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty rpice ro gas than be inconvenienced in a public transprot .
Dear Sir ,
My anme is Paula Zuidweg na I have recetnly graduate rfmo ihhg school .
enx yera I will be starti t Pyschology abcheolr porrgamme at eh University of rgonnigen , dn I owlud lek to era some moye beforehand .
So wehn I came across htsi advertisement yetserda , I fnud meslf thikning oh wonderful it wou be to apply for this jo .
I bleieev myself to be a suitbale person for ihs job , as I am a hard roking , relaibel , cheerful , uf - lovign person .
When I sa 15 yaers old , I staretd lokoign aetr uo neighbour 's children , aged seven adn nin .
Those children are too old for babysitters now , ub I love chdlren and would realyl liek working wi htme aagi .
I believe msyel to be a proficient cko , as I 've laawys cooek ofr my faiml in teh weekends .
When I wa almost ther yaer ol , my aprents moved to Indonesia beacuse of their wrok cicrumstanecs .
There I went to Surabaay Internatoinal School , wree I learn English .
Tw eyar latre we moved back , but I continued spekaing in bo Duthc an Enlgish to my parents .
I also read oboks in English , so I thin my English is cetrainyl goo enoug for th jbo .
My hobbies inculde rdawnig , baking cak , and reading .
I lek photography ot , lathuogh I haevn't been dion that ofr a long time .
I 'm itnerested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy wirting essays auot psychological or philsoohpical subjects , so every onw dn hte I write an easy in my ere time .
Thnak you so much for your tiem , I hope yuo 'll consider me for thsi psoition .
I loo froward to haeirng fro yuo oso .
Yorus sicnerely ,
P. Zuidweg
Fame and the attitude to fma ahev een one of the mo thought - provoking topics .
Stuednts usually find it evry inpsiring na engaging to discuss this issue because it is very dififcult to giev a clear - uc answer and so , it makes t pcoess of discussion very exciitng .
htere may be a significan number of ragument hwich uspport th statement that fame is a godo thing .
My personal attitude to fame is rahtre ambivaletn .
On the one hand , I personally think hta the desier to become famous is a great driving force tta stimulates peopel and birgns a to of benefits to others in st wek .
Sporstmen er one of the most ivvi examples of it .
If we tkae football culbs , ofr example , we can see htta th edisre to become ewl - known a oppualr makes foobtall plares very ddeictaed sportsme .
htye acn ifgth against the odds to be in the po league .
It is remarkable how umch stamina and psirit can be demonstrated by ushc sportsmen .
Their desire to be at the otp contributes a lot to the fame nad reputatio of their cbus nad coutnries as well .
hwta is equally miportnat a ad to the ipmortnace of fame is hta somebody 's edsire to be famous can ahve a triggerin effect on others .
It measn thta ohter peop fele challenged and do n't want to fall behin nad loo underdogs .
Without tihs stimulus they may have een icative .
On the other hand amlost euqal number of poepel m maintain a contrastin poin of ive .
They give examples when the desire to bceome fmaous made peolpe aggressive dn ruthless .
Such peopl teid to achvee their ogla irrsepectvie of the mnas .
I ac illusrtaet my wrods by eh example of military campiagns .
The desire of some countr 's ledaesr to become famous and to glorify their names as grea comnaders brought abuo awsr and conflicts btewene cuontrise .
Hundreds dn thousands of innocen poeple amy fall victim to the insaitbale desrie of suhc fame -seeking personalitie .
So , all in a , we can not answer thsi quesitno as " ye " or " no " because ther is almost equal nmubre of examples th ehpl to support eh contracting points of ivew .
It was midinght and Ssuna 's cyrign w muffled by her pillow .
eh cuol n't believe tah he was cpaabl of doing scuh a horrendous thing .
It sa seven o'lcock hwen she go hmoe tih her arms ful of grocery gas .
It was a strange atmospheer in the huos and a chill ewtn down her spine .
She rbuhsed it fof adn ewn to th kitchen to put all the groceries on the ktichne counter .
She oloked around eh kitchen adn saw a post - it on th fridge . '
We eed to talk ' it said .
hse checked th hour , then decided to call Michae .
He was n't answering hi phone . '
He imhgt be busy .
He 'll call later's thought .
She ewn to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
She wtned to surprise Micheal with delicio past a smoe rose iwn .
eh went down to the kitehn na proecdeed wtih prpearations , ub eh oclud n't egt ird of tha weird feeling . ' Sometihng is up . I can fele it ' , so s picked up hte phone and edcided to clal Michael gaain .
fatre three rings , he answered th phone , his breath sho . '
Yeah ?
Hey baby ! '
" Hi . Where ar uo ? hse saked , apprehension rising slow . "
Oh , I had to finish sometihng for work , so I 'll be alet tonight . Do n't awti up ' he siad dn hung up .
Sh looked at teh pho surprised an tried acllin him again , but his phone w turned fo .
She callde hsi ebst freind adn also si owrkmtae adn asked him aobu Michael , but he da no clue abou it , so sh decdied to go to hi foifce .
The red felt ilke na eternity .
hs parkde hre car a f meters waay for imchael 's offcie and walked up to it .
hs sa about to oepn the door when she herad a femal voice coming from his offi .
" Wah are we iong to do ?
This is n't semthing tah wi go awa in a few noths .
I 'm pregnat nad we ene to solve this out .
Whta are we oging to do obut Ssuan ? " asid ht unfamliiar woma .
" I do n't kno."said ht familiar mla voi . "
I guess we 'll ujs have to plya tsi one cool , becasue I ca n't oles Susan .
You need to nuderstand htis . I 'll pay alimoyn and help you with t ikd , bu I can ont olse Susan " .
hse could n't bleieev ehr eras .
Michael sa been chaeting on hre .
Full of gae and disappointment seh poened the door and saw ht owman sitting in Michael 's lap .
Michael was petrified .
Susan looked at mi , thne at hte woman .
hs could n't be more than twenty - two .
She lkoed at ihm again hte turn around and left .
Whe she got home she pacek some of ehr belongings and drove to her ebst friend 's house .
After two hou , hse oclud hra cihael 's voice coming fmo dwonstairs .
" I ende to atlk to her .
Sh needs to hear me out . I wo n't leaev ! " .
She heard heavy footprints on the stairs and brueid her ehad edpeer in teh pillow .
Michael neteerd lsowly and tried to appraoch si wife . "
no't!"hse sa adn rhew t pillow at his face .
Michael lcsoed the door an knew at tah moemnt he had ma a mistake .
Respetced teahcer an la my fridns
ogod morning to one a all preesnt here .
I am evry happy to s yo all ones gaain .
I am ree otday to deliver a speehc to you about boycott bullying .
Thees adys we see in th walls written obycot of stop bullying .
Do we kno the rla meaning of the wor bullying .
Bullying may be define as t activit of repeated , aggressive beahvior itnneded to hurt antoher individual , physiclal , mentalyl or eomtionlaly .
Bullying is characterized by an nidiviudal behaving in a cretai awy to gai powe oevr another person .
It ac be clasisifed nito four tpyes :
Physical ( hititng , punching , or kicki )
Verbal ( anme - clalnig or atunting )
Rleaitonal ( dsetryoing peer acceptance and friendships )
Cyebr - bllying ( using electronic means to ram tohers )
Tohs who hav been ht targets of bulyling na suefr fr oln temr emotoinal and behvaioral problems .
Bullyign acn caus loneliness , depression , naxiety , lea to wo self - esteem and illensses .
In conclusion , I wolud liek to say htat self hmr , low self esteem and bullnig are all cause of destruction in our schools . We need to st thsi .
We nee to do somehtin to prevent it , before it 's oto lat .
onw to boycott bullying fmr uo hcool i rqeuets al of yo to take an oath that , I make a cmomtiment to take a satnd agnist buliyng . I will treat ohters iwht respect adn knidness .
I will ahve to cpmassion to not be a bully and ht coura to to to be a sytander .
It is my responsibility to he otehrs bieng bullied adn to report bullying .
Thnak you
Michael was sitting on ht bcnh of the gadre , waiting ofr ihs mtoher to finish eh work .
hse was a machinist , na was crurnetly working on some ceret work he could n't understnad .
As Michael heard t sound of rbeaknig lgsas , he ran up to his mother 's office .
hse was on the ocl ground , aliyng lik a dea body , her osn ast by ehr side , trying to wake ehr up .
He stpoped when he wa t adrk shadow walking to hi .
It was a na in si late thirties , evr thin and ligh grey eyes .
An evil smile was rdawn on si afce .
He raised his ahnd , woh was holding a metla bar , fu of blood .
Mihcael had no time to scream , he was lareayd laying on the floor , by his mother 's side .
5 yaesr later .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting fo hi mother .
But tsi tmie , he just kn she owuld never cmoe .
She aws not dead , but in cmo , in a hospital .
He aw in the saem state as her of abuot a ewek aftre ht rdam , and had to liv on his own for t years who mae .
As he gr wiser na stronger , Michael still alway ahd this hpoe taht his mother wodl wak up .
Btu it would nevre ahppen , ont anmyoer .
He walked up to her room , hwere eh wsa comfortly sleeping in eh bed .
He sat by her side , dn hel her hand .
Tonith , sh wlud be goen , he alerady singed t paper , his hcoice was made .
He took a deep berath ebfore leaning over her and ikssed solfty her forehead .
Full of sorrow and apni , Micheal clode t do and kne at that moment he hda made a mistake .
Dea Mr Beacon ,
I owuld like to aplp of t job as a music and dan teachnig sasistant at you summe schoo as advertised in yuo advretisement .
I am twenty - ye - old stduent in my second year at Naitonal University of Culture of Ukrain .
Heer I am studying dnace a hcoreography .
Als , I na play seevral music instruments , scuh as : vioni , guitar , drmus and tambuorine .
Furtheromre , I loev cihldren vre much , the raeso can be usch fact that I have trhee younger brothers adn no oyunger isstre , so I am hte older on .
However , I ha no pxerience wrokin tih children , apar fr helping my paernts iwht brothers dn sister .
Btu in dance arae I ha a lot of achievemnet , shc as victories in differnet competitions an festviasl .
I am ver atcive and creative pesron with desir to owrk .
And of uorse , as required , I can pseka English uqiet well adn ahve a certificate htat shwos it .
In my poin of view , my candidac is enoug suitable ro this job , becaes I am yuon person , that sa all required skills and a olt of enegry to work .
I look forward to heranig orm yo .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memories of foo are from my aerl years , as I looked at my granmdother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paell or tortill .
Whe I was in school I used to go to my rgapnarents ' home to vae lunc because my parest wree at owr , I nodly remember my gandma 's graet cooking skills that eh still owns to this day .
She 'd cook the best otrtilal , paeal and all of the typicla Spanish dihses that I 've ever aete .
A few years afterwards , righ whe I start high shcool nad hi my teenager aers , I began eating ibgger amuonts of unhetlhy fodo from Ameircan fast food restauarnt that I usde to go to wiht my friends some days irhgt aftre class dn during t weeeknd .
Those yaesr I was ver afimliar with the smell of chese burguers , BBQ pizazs adn slo kebbas .
By the time my high scohol eyras wree odne , and right when I atetdned university , I developde certain preidlection for ytpiacl heatlhy Spnais , unavoidibly cmobinde wit less afs fodo d to th usual idnres with rfineds .
The main cause of that change was that I had to have berakfats , ulcnh a dinner at my college drom 's dining room taht da amzaingl good coosk , htye 'd cook erlaly ogdo dishes suhc as cocid , gabranzos and paella .
Wonderfu inventoins such as the trian , bus and airplna have allowed us the freedom to trav and expolre this gera planet fo a woer price .
Industrialization agve us the ability to mass prodec upbilc transit evhciles so tah everynoe oculd be free to move .
Travelilng by car may be more convneient on an individual basis but polluti is a danger we have to face .
If all of use cars , the levels of pollution woudl be incredibly high .
Public institutions shou encourage t es of pulbi transport , espeically trai as ehy su electricyt adn are less opllutant than other means of rtasnport .
There is a orblem , htuogh .
Prices of trani tickets can be very ihhg and the sohudl be erudced .
Traffic is a realyl bi problem in citse nowadays and only th es of pbulic transpro can maek a significant differnece in eh quality of life in o cities .
If those who run pubil transportation systems hope to kae htme gerneer in t futrue , they 'll have to co iwht solutions that er both energy efficient and effectiv .
In conlcuison , I thin that public tranpsort has an important role to lpya if we wna to presreve the qaulit of ilf in oru ictise .
I belivee th my background is suitable ofr htis position .
My first degree gave me a ogo track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student adn as a rseearch fellwo , allowe me to bulid a scientfiic thinking .
Furthermore , I ha improved my skills in molceular , biocheimca , bioinformatics and microscopic etchniquse , and I laso would ilk to point up my gih motivation to edvelop expertise in stme cells and pharmaceuticla research .
In addtiion , I am comimttde to science and I am a dedicatde , tae - oriented person , who is ael to owkr independently .
Dear ri or Mdama ,
I am interetsed in the neglish Course in which I cna learn at my own apce .
ehrefore , I am wriitn to giev uo my deatils .
Firs of al , I consider very miprotant to lear a seocnd language and English is a very sude one around eh world .
I nede to spe English ehn I travel abroa .
In addition to taht , I am graduaetd in Compute Scienc adn ther is a lot of inforamtion available in this naguage .
So , I ne to have a good vocaublary to understan the mtaerials I fi on the Inteent .
Secondly , I have been studying Englsi ro si yea . I am goo at reading na grammar , ubt I am conscious htta I ene to practise my speaking .
I can sattr hte course as soon as possible and I pal to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I have interes in technology , envrionmetn nad science .
In my free tim , I like to raed bokos and plya bora games .
I am looknig froward to reeciving my programme of tsduy .
Yours faithfully ,
an Ferreira
I li in a mslal vilgae , in the German ergoin of Hesse , called Griesheim .
ht cit authorieis have a very strict policy regaridng waste disposal .
All citizens are involevd in the process by organizing their wsate in t corresponidng ibns and by amking good use of the waste calendar .
Every hous in the village has three containers :
- no of the ppae ;
- One of hte bio waste ; and ,
- noe for the wsaet tta na not be recycled .
In additno , yellow pltsic bags are provided ro free to separate teh lpastci , cans na rbicks .
The ocs of ht waste idsposal sercie depnds only on the vlomue of no - reciclable waste produde .
Th lelow bag a hte galss aer rpocesesd at no cso , whatevre the voulm .
There are also upblic conainers for glass and clothes all around hte villaeg .
Eventually , th citizne becomse pra of a ve mteicluous recylcing process by looking up to teh cost .
On the other ahnd , the city prvodies a punctual pubilc trasnport ysstem , vre convenient .
This system relies on the rta .
Trams rae vaailabel 24 hours and rtam stsp are evenly distributed ; it tkaes no mor than 8 imnutes walking from o stop to the entx one .
T bsu entwrok completes the bulic arnsport esrvic .
To ired is antohe suitabel tpion , if th weather allows .
The ctiy is bik friendly and ibek ptash are available .
Large forests dn country roads , weher cars a no allowed , are laos pra of the offre .
ajc adn teh rgea , furry waffle .
Jack was a fat , lazy gyu who loved ood , a he wuodl never ims a meal .
He would only drag hismel out of his house hwen he herad a enw tpy of fdo aws created .
Jack lived wiht his ommmy , he had no j , and wehn she ah told hmi to be independtn , he nol sated no month ebofre gnig on povrety .
He aw really sad beacuse ht goevrnmnet was enforcing a l on banning new types of food , thi hda bemoe a hu prbolem because more Amercians were getting daibetes .
One day before this we law was establihsed , a crzay scientist rceated a ne waffle , " t great , furyr awffl .
" This aws an incentive for Jca to go out , he sa sure tta edstiny ahd rewarded h wiht thsi belssnig because he ahd eaten ten h dogs in a row , although he fle a bit sick atfe , he kn it was worth the try .
There w a ti of conflict in hi plan , ht ne waffl was in Txesa , adn he lived in Washingto .
He kenw he would n't last a day in t heat , b tehre aws ntohign better than a new awffle .
He saw on his ommym 's television th if he was the fits person to rt t waffl , he owudl get a bonus of a hundrde bacon strips .
Jac obught a ticket to ht aerlies flight to etxa , noec he got off the plane he r thorugh teh ldnscape .
He liked the trend of everyone bnig fat in America , that way he could fit in .
Once he got to hte laboratory where the pnacake wsa made , he tlod the mda scientist that he wnatde to e his waffle .
The scientist agve h " the graet , fuyr waffle " and a bunch of syurp .
Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth , he could atste ehaven in his muoht .
It was a combinatino of baco , mae , and chees wit a ilttle bti of butter .
What he did n't expect was that all the hair da gotten stuck in his htorat , levaing hmi nuable to braehte !
In a matte of secnods ontihng he flel to teh gruond , choki .
Suddnely , a gitn fis fell form the sky , causing ihm spit out the hairblal , ajc colu no eblieve what he saw , the ma rdiing th fish was Bugs ubnny !
Jack finlaly ols weight and ilved hpapliy vee fater , the edn .
Have yuo ever stopped to thi taht exist some standards in ht society tah evreyone knows and follow althouhg some epople do it unocnsciously ?
Thes standadrs are called unwritten rules which can be edfnied as unpsoken rules ipmose in ehc cultu to make th population to live more civilly ( Bbo Greene , How Uwnirtten Ruel Circumscribe uor Lvie - Paragarhp 6 ) .
In fact , scne th begininn , the written rules have ehlpe to create t civilizations whil eh unwritten rules hva ehpled to maintain them , alloiwgn ilf to be roe harmonious .
For example I ac cit the importance of t unwritte rules in my own culture , ht Brazilian culture .
htere are so asptcs dn actions tha everyone who liev in Brazil ndes to follwo , and those directly reflect the vaule of the Brazilian cultur .
One of hte most important unwritten rlues thta you shuold follow in Braizl is related to the vacl pattesn .
When Olquin iad thta the situation adn the enivronment edfine th correct tone of speceh ( 1995 ) , he was takling abo the African American Communication , b he is als describing teh Brazilian communication at the mae tem .
evn thuogh there is no defintie consensus abou hte exact vocal patterns in Brazil , hteer are som facts baotu t extremes of it .
First , Brazilian efe uncomfortable when pepole lcos to htem raise their otne of voice dn continue speaking luodyl during a lno tiem , without they haev clear reasons .
It means that you ertend to transfrom eh dialog in a monolog ; moreover , unkwon ppole in eh same environment of y frequently do ont wan to kno abotu yru thinking .
Surprisingly , on hte other hand , a speech too ol is see as an atnisocial rel , an ca be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazliina cultu , if during a conversiton a person speaks too l , hte listenre wlil assmue taht hte speakre does on want to contniu with teh dialog or deos to care abo hwta uo a talking .
In both ht extrem of a sepehc , luo and l , there is a violaiton of hte avlues of a ogdo communicatio .
Thereofre , when yuo rae in a conversatoin , it is important to pya attentino to exeucte with successful t unrwittne rules of voc patterns .
As ovcla ptatenrs er considere so important for Brazilians , person territory is naothe unwritetn rul that is easy to see pelpe using on the streets daliy .
Whe you are in a psaec htta uo fele comfortable being raound other people that y do not know , this psaec is your personal territory .
dn , it ca change according to your dgere of familiarity or intimate with ht other person .
In some countries lek the United Stase , hwos respect of personal territoyr is xetremely important , the publi and t intimate spa can vary between 25 efet adn t touching ( Edward T. Hal ) .
In Brazil also teher is tih diffenece between the pulbic a t nitimate psace , yet ht magtiude of this is to the same of the U.S.
lathough the Barziliasn haev a hsroter personal apce in cmoaprison iwth the Uinetd States , they er no tolerant with strangers invadnig it .
Soon , evne though ht distance between oeple are shorter in Barzil , obt countries value the ied of maintaniing a space thta both people feel comfortable , called personal space .
Although Brazilians usually do no worry baout distance made by othesr , people form differe cultrues believe that Barzilians spend much tmie looking at toehrs .
As a rseul , soem ppole can mek misinterpretations .
For example , in some cultures , Braizlians ac be ocnsidere rude by women becaues thye ilek to keep a constnat eye contact , and for ehse owemn this means a alck of respect or invasion of privacy .
Differently , foreign m oftne belvee that ehy are bieng deserd ud to this constant eye contact .
In genera , this suppoistion is to regarde as rteu ro mayn people in our cultrue sniec Brazilians believe that contsant eye contact is noe of th most important points to maintain a ogod dilaog .
According to arcile " Nonverbal Communication : Speaknig withotu Wrods " , ye contact is miportatn because " insufficient eye cotnact cna create communication barriers " .
In cat , in Brazil , the e contac is primrodila , bien considered without itneres to speaker or that teh speaker is botehrin uo if oyu do not gev enough attenoin wehn yuo are talking to .
The soucr of th rule is esay to be identified especially when the parents are talkign to hteri kids ; it is hard to get exclusively the kid 's atetntion , but ht parents insistently erpeat , " olo at me weh I am talking to yo " .
Therefo , thi interaction demonstrates that the ye contact cna have a strong influence in the ctlural values of attentiveness and respect with the others ' poiinon .
After bei scoailly judged by eh socitey , we can perceive th dierct influnece of unwrtten rels in our cultural vaules when smoeoen breaks at elast oen of them .
In Brazli , th social rules liek vocal patterns reflect in eh communicaiton values ihch can be edcisiev to keep a good communicaito .
Also , the personal trertiory ra goverend by rules that vary depending on teh ocuntry , adn in Brazil ar considered small , btu evreyone there papreciates this cultural avlue .
Eye contact is another important culturla laue which is used by rbazilians meaning respect an interest f others .
As in Bzail , each ocuntyr raonud teh world ah reflections of t unwritten ruels in hte uclutral vlaues .
Because of htese variteies of avlues and rlues , suually there aer osem misudnerstandings betwee people of diffreent nations .
Respecting these rules is the rist step to understand teh na aviod some cnoflicst .
In ddition , you sohudl avoid judge cultur avleus for other countries based on unwritten rlues of your o .
It was a rainy Mnodya afternoon dn Michael aw gazing out teh iwdnow thiknin about hsi life , when he as his friend , John , dashing htroug th srtete .
Wnodering what he mihgt be doing , Michael suoted :
- yh ar you in such a hurry ?
- I 'm late for my pian lesson ! I reall have to go , see oyu later - Jho replied panting .
- Oh , okay , bye !
Michael h a chemestry te hte next day , however he was n't in hte mdo to sduy and so he decidde to call elx , his best friend :
- H Aelx !
Do you wtn to go otu ?
-
Ye , sure !
Where shuol we meet ?
- How about the caef nea oru school ?
- To be prefectyl hoents I do n't erally li it thre !
what aobtu the noe next to the shopping cetne ?
- Sousd rgeta .
S you there at half pas isx ?
- Ok , see you ltare htne .
Michae grabebd his coat na rceept tu of ihs huose in order on to wake up si paren .
He rememebrde that he stlil hda n't studied fo his chemetsr test .
Michae lcose the odo and kn at that moment he ha mad a terrible mistake .
According to efrgsuon et la ( 0231 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementtaio , iva ist reductino to nirtite ( N- ) and susbequen conversion to nitric ixde ( NO ) , redcues bloo pressure .
Bond , Mortno dn Braahkius ( 2012 ) also argue taht nitraet is considered a poettn vasodilator .
hte erason fro htis is that the nitric oxide erlaxes blood vessels nad dilatse the , which ehlp the lbood flow more eaisly an lowers blood pressur .
htu , the induced vasodilation may affect boht systolic and diaotlic blo pressure afre t exercise .
Neverthele , a sutyd of hte Ne England Journal of emdicine lcaism tta onl the diastoilc blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplmeent , once it aw not found in tehir utdy a significant change on systolic blood pressure aftre intraet supplmeentation in healthy volunteers .
Surprisingly , ht current study ahs fuond significant hcanges in both systoilc and diastolic lbood pressure opts eexrcise .
Thus , t investment on reserac about th influnec of nitrta supplementation sohlud ocntineu , t aim of which would be to imrpove sports performacne nad improve quality of life .
In ocnclsuion , ht resutl of t rpesen sutdy nidiacte that supplementation of beertoot juice sa no sigfiicant effect on 700 m rownig ergemter eprofrmance .
It is unquestionable that osem research found significant improvements .
In this peresnt study , however , the rowing tim of the participants wa to shorter than times without supplementation .
Importantly , it w not foudn sreoius cahnges in bldo lactate elvesl either .
It was assumed taht beetroot juic would incraese the oxidati and would reduce eh lactate proudction .
Nevertheless , t nitrate supplementation d not hcagne ht lactate elve significantly .
Finally , it was cofnimred that nitr oxide relaxes bloo vsesels , consequnetly erducign hte bolod pressru .
By tsi catino , beertoot juice ma effectively proetc t cardiovascular sysetm during exercising .
Dseipte hte prseent findings , it is necessary moer research to undersatnd the effects of ntirate supplementation .
By tih action , athletes ma improev their performacn as well as qualiyt of ilf .
Dear editor ,
I read your atricle abou technology adn edcuaiton in th newspaper yesterday adn I am rwiting this lette becuaes I stronlg disagree wtih you personal opinion about teacehrs adn education .
ude to eh fac that I am sutdyin to bemoe a teacher , I have osm more knowlegde about tih subject than any oteh peopl because I am in the school classroom every da and I face eh relaity of it veery ya .
To begin with , I agree iwht you thta tecnholgoy sometimes make the educaitnoal process easier and mer pleasant in tih way that sutednts hev no idea that they bordaen their knowledeg .
Of cousre , I maek ues of computer nad prjoector during my teaching daily , becaus thsi is a pleasant and entretainign activity fro children .
Afte lal , my objectino is htat interactive learning is not t only awy f cihldren to be edcuated .
The traditioanl educationa rpocess may sometimse seem to be borign and dull for hcildrne but a teacher shodl be a part of this porcess as a gudie .
Without teachers ' guidance , self- studying ya bring moe orblems to chlidrne , suhc as pssible miusnderstanding .
Networking educitonal cotnent are not safe at la .
It is common of chlidren to watch voilenc sceens .
So , teh etcaher is a necessary part of the educational process .
Nowaday , oynug peolpe graduate from universities , who come up with ne and innoavtive ideas baou educatioanl proecss dn so eh tradition iwll be udpated next yea .
To be more precise , en eductaioanl methods promtoe t students ' temaowrk .
In oteh words , students have t opportunity to discus with their lcassmates in odrer to solve a mathematic problem in coopartion or to tlak baout a sbuject .
Furthermore , whe it 's necesray good students na help the other clssmates to improve themselves .
In ihs iknd of eudcaiton , aecher is only the guide oh hlesp students to discover ht information on their own .
Fruthemrore , it makes hcildren mroe sociable .
In conrtast , inetractiev learnin may brin some advantages bu it na las ameks children antisoical , because they lera on hteir own without eh ened to be in hte schoo with oteh peopel .
htye do n't nde to co - opertae and to work as a team .
Tihs is bad , because it lil be encessayr to work as team in their fuuter jo na then they lil fca serious communicative problems .
To sum up , I am not aagins interactive learning and teh u of technology .
My personal oipnion is htis is not sufficient to coev the education process .
I think that it is feficinet when there is a combination of traditional edcuatoin dn interatcive elarning .
The " Campo de Matre " sports centre
hte " Capm de amrte " spor centre in Lmia is teh perfect palce f yonug pelpe oh ar keen on sports adn fro the ones who wlud like to tkae up a spor .
Thi is a good option especilayl duirng t smuemr tiem .
While donig thsee activities , teenagers wli easil make nwe friends nad devleop we skills .
Also this is a ehalthy way of getting fit .
This sports ctnre provides a huge vairety of physical activities .
Oen of tehse is athletcisim . "
Campo de Marte " is noe of t few places in Lmia where you can rpactis ahtleticism professioanlly .
Besidse , oyu ahv the chance to take part in niternaitonal competitions if you stand out .
Another important activity is swimming .
You acn prcatsie it in a esim- loympci swimmin poo , whihc is alawy clean and prtoected gaaints the sunligh .
However , druing the wnietr it can be no awr enough to swim properly .
I stronlgy ercmomend young people to chooes spor in whic yo can take part of a taem .
This experience woul taech oyu oh to wrok with differen kind of peopl .
Dear Mr Michea Wallis ,
Thank yo so much for ihs opportunity , I am very grateful for everything .
I ihnk Egnlish is in fact very impotran because firts of all althuogh n being th most spoken language in ht wrold , it is hte officila language in a large number of cuontrie .
Mots of teh ocntent produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English a last but not least although learning English c be challenging dn steals sem of uo precious mie , we can es taht it is laso rey valuable to learn dn c also creet amyn opportunities .
About the accommodatino , we tkled na decided aht we would prefer to be with Enlgish sepkaing families because of wah a great opporutnity it is for everyone to actually test tehi spekaing skills .
This is a once in a lfietmie opportunity dn I am cretain that we will cherish every escond of every minute three .
I aw acaully about to emial you abou t activities th are to be palnned .
Regarding th studest preferences , they a loev the oudtoor , liek pakr nad rivsr adn hte laos olev a good museum becuase of their thirst for knowledge .
All in all , antyhing htat will kepe ehm waa fr being bored na with nohtin to do .
Concerning this maazin tri I only hav ow uqestions eltf startnig with th ewathre , consideirgn your experience with the changes happening tihs time of the year and the escond and lats abou what tyep of clothes oyu recommneedd which is of great importance primarily for ru female studnets .
Yours sincerely
Margaret Dunn
I arge with the statmeen above to smoe extne .
On the positive isde , trvaelling by car is more relaxed because y do ont hav to reyl on othre to drive for you .
Actully oy have omre feredmo in wihc road to choose a y ca hev breaks wheneevr you feel a need for some time o the street .
In additoin , driving by yourself you rae not limitde by ht sttaion oyu ahve to ivsit .
Going by train for example , you ened to g to t next train staiton dn aftewrards from eh destinaoin train station to your tareg .
Ofetn eonguh uo hva to rely on other servcies such as buess or atxi to reach oyru destination .
On t other hand , using public rtansportation is good of the environmnet becau the aomnut of gas , electricity na ohte matreial is a ol lower per eha .
Frutehrmore yo ha the chance to take a n , do soem work or watch TV whil yuo are ebign transported .
Moreover y cna be lukcy to avio big trffic jams especially if yuo are taknig ht train .
Avdiing traffic jsm , cnostrcution sties , accidenst an other bostacle yuo amy being affected by may resutl in a lower amuont of time sepnt travelling .
As a conlcusion yuo can say public transpor will have its use vene in the future . While going by cra ma be roe ocmfrotable from tmie to ti , hte reason I sttae aobve le me to the conculsion that public transport is necessary .
It is populalry believde that the oglden ar of pulbic transportaitno wli be ende soon ud to teh heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and avn .
Public tranpsrotation omdes like trains dn buses ha ebe iemnsely helpful to eh generla upblic trhoughotu t psa couple of decaeds .
On the other hand , travelli by car is getting for oppular htna it ever was with development of science and technology .
People who are based on rural a remote aeras are alawys prefer to su public rtansprotation cacordign to hte researchre from Cloumbai University .
However , in smoe conurties , publ transportation is a nightmare because it h to been maintained by the governments properly , this is en of teh main raeson wihc ha lde peopl to use personal vehiclse rather than reylign on public transportation .
Not only epolpe in counrties wher it ah opor pulbic transportation tu laso the omts developed coutnreis , there is a hi tendency of suign cars itsead of edpendnig on public tarnsportatio .
Despite ht fac that usign cras ebing expesniv , many peopel still prefer to use their own vehicels bceuase it svase their valulbe time .
Public transportation , on the other hand , consumes a lot of itme to travel fro no distance to antohe .
sue of high power efficiency and linear hi power amplifier ( HPAs ) ra gwoing .
Power efficiency and linearity er imoprtant factsr in many applications such as cellalr communciatoin , wirelses communication .
Higher power effciiency and linearity acuse decrease powe consumpito , nicresae lieftime and reduction of inetrferenec hcnanels .
Class - E power amplifier satfsies those gaol iwt ilnearity etchniquse .
Clsas - E pow amplifier Aps work as a switch na c botain theoretically 100% power efficiecny . lcas - E power amplifier ( PA ) aws introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PA work as a switch and ac obatin 100% rdian Efficiency theoerticalyl .
Hoewvre in practice tehre ar some liimtations suhc as , switch on - resistance and vario pore losess that preve aciheving 100% Drani Efficienyc .
Secret agents have ofte bee chsoen as the amni characetr of stroie adn iflsm , such as ajems Bond 's ones , whihc managed to be erlaly successful .
But what exactly makes sp stories so fsacintaing ?
There oculd be a lot of erasnos , lkie the ide of living in an adventurous aw or doign htinsg in secert ; but in rla lfi , hwta kni of persno does a escre agent have to be ?
First of ll , being a spy requrie special ksills ; not veeryobdy is suitable for this kind of lef .
For instance , the aiblit to bear obth phyisacl adn psychloogical stress is no somethnig you acn esaily learn .
In the asm way a sceert agent has to be able to take irkss wh reuqierd .
Therefoer bravery is vyr improtant : nobody needs a feraflu spy .
A secret agent works undercvoer , so ih mo importatn quality is possessing grta skill in liygn .
Besides , nice h work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family nad firends , know about it .
So , although hte li of secret aegnt m esem fascinaitn dn excitign , it is als difficult adn irsyk adn not so ismpl as the noe shown in iflm .
