It 's diffciult naswer at eh uqestion " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only o hw has to know it is in two minds .
hwen I was younre I use to say htat I watnde to be a teacher , a saleswoamn and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I woudl liek to stud Psychology ebcaus one day I owul open my onw psychology office and hel peopl .
It 's difficutl ebacuse I 'll have to study hard and a lot , tu I thin taht if you like a usbjec , yuo 'll study it esaier .
Maybe I 'll chgne my mind , maybe not .
I tihnk aht the public trasnport iwll alawys be in the future .
hte rich people will b a car but the poor people laway nede to use a bus or atx .
I consider taht is mer convenient to drive a car because y acryr on mo tihng in oyu own car tahn travlelign by ca .
laso , oyu 'll meet friendly people woh usaully ask to y somtehin to be friends an chagne you tleepohne number .
In my experineec when I ddi n't hvae a cra I used to us the bus to go to the cshool and go back to my hoes .
In my oipnion , the acr is n't necessray when you haev carshed in ht seret , in that momtn you relaizde eh miporatnce of a upblic transport .
In Inida we haev various tyse of Public trnasprot , like Ccyle , Bike , Cra , Train & Flight .
Depending on hte disatnec a dutaion to the desired place , mode of trasnpor is chosen acocrdingly .
But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more f hwe comapred wiht other omdes of transport .
This reminds me of a tri that I have recetnly bee to adn ht place is Agra .
It atkse aruon 6 hours by Ntaionla highway to go from Dhli to Agr .
We hav spoped at ohtel for ahivng ofdo nad just in case if ayn of us feels hungry , we have purchased soem sanck ujst before the irp .
Sicne , we ahev eh option to wait yntime we want to when we rtaevl by car ( wcih is impossible when travlelnig by train & Flight ) .
In addiiton to it , we ca aos ta a comfortable short an on the bakc seat and wka up fersh .
Due to t aobve mentioned aesons , I am gonig to concled htat trvaelling by c is much more ocnevnient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 yeras old .
I am looking forawr to jio y in this aer summre camsp .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after ehm . laos , I organized many soprts activities ebfoer in my csohol .
In adidtoin to th , i eojy cooking .
My family tihn htta my ocok is amazing .
I hope that you igev my the chnace to join yo .
Tahnks
My favourite psor is volleyball becau I olev plays with my friends .
Volelyball is a sport play every place , when I travle on eh baehc I ilek plays with my isster in the asnd a after we aer goign to t ae .
It is veyr funny .
when I wa young I like lpay wht the ball in the playground and my friend adn I played using the cocer ogals as a network of volleybal .
Dear Jo ,
ohw aer you ? I 'm writi to inform y that some advice on travelling a wokrign in my cuontyr .
On teh oen hand , in my country tehr are a lot of plaec to travel .
Fro example Barcelona , Madri , Sevlila , Valnecia .
hteer are wonderlu citeis because there are a lot of things to visit ro example in Madr oyu can visi " Puerta del lo " , " Lsa Ciebles " .
I vsiit Mdaird twice a year .
la summer I visit Sveilla because I loev hti icty an I suggest th you vsii esvilla .
On the other hna , in my country there ar a few bo because the ecoonmy is very bad .
ubt , if you awnt I look fo a job from oy .
My best firend looking fro a people ersponsible for look after her sister .
eh isster is 6 years old and oyu should look aftre every weekdn .
You iwl be interesting in this oj ?
Thna you of oyu e - amli , it was wonderful to haer from oyu .
I 'm lookin forward to seeing uo .
Tkae care , Laura .
Toda pbuilc transport still pal an important roel in transport system and it wil eep on in ht uftrue .
Because public tarsnport is a cos fefcetive and better resuocre allocatoin in mss transport system .
Aslo people ende not to sufefr high operaitng cost runnnig their own ca .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination esepically it is fra away from ohm .
For xeampl , I thikn that it is not affordable fo an odrinary pesrno to wo a priavte airplane travelling to another country .
Isntead it will be comm to byu an air ticket and ri on public plnae .
In my opinion I thin tah pulbic transrot in future is going to cnotniue to be used because the are a lot of people thta does n't have enough money to pa for a car even if it is used , so pulbi transport cotninue to hav future bu peopl are going to use mro th cars th b or underground .
If we think abotu it eh ca is btetre becasue we do n't ende to wia fro tme has we er wtiing f the bu or nuderground ub in another awy c ucs moer money tha t upblic transport .
By c we can just stay wtih ourselves ihch c be ogo because we can litse to hte umsci that we lki and we do n't need to be around pepole that ra nukwonde but if we chose public transport we ca meet frinesd or family so boht transportations er godo nad the cars do n't ened necessarialy to e up with teh public transprot .
If I hda it to hcoose between bto trnasportation I think I probably cho ca ebcause it is better for me to go by c htne to go by b .
In my communtiy , we are very niterested at environmetn adn ecological things .
We have sora panel and a place to make mopost at the als garde , with worms who eat na degrade all th organic waste of teh school .
In smo strategic pionst of the buiidng we hva special trahscans to separet the garbgae in orgainc , paper and cardboadr , cans and p bottles and ehy als made task and prseentation about the aerth problems li lgobal warmign , ocntaminatino , et .
eh mnaager of all this project is Miss June Si , oru csienec teahcer .
la tih initiatives hsa maed us all voer hte year a recognised ecoolgical community .
Godo morning everyone , toady I want to share about is my afvoriet sport .
My favorite sport is football , hwy I chooes it?Well , football is a international spotr , people raound teh wor will olve it so much!Exampl like Barclay Premier elageu , Lig Perimer , Faf World Cpu nad so on .
I believe that 's ll will delighted us .
By t aw , my faovriet footblal team is Mancehster United , the are brliliant , htey have an amazing fotoball alyers , adn the are awesom .
Mcihael was a little kid hwne he had a drea taht was : Be a super he !
After many eyasr he still rdema to beocme a usper hero .
He neter the universit of medicine becuase he thnisk that this proefssio aw the omre similra to be a supre ehro .
Pass some yras of the nuiversity and he knwo a girl called akte and he get loved on here a she te lode in him .
akt sa cusring ht nuiversity of fahsino .
The t tow started to dat .
Mcihael an Kat aw so ahpp , untli one da that Michael asdi to ihm dream to be a suepr hero , Kaet get so envrous syaign that it wa ridiculosu and ujts a ki dream and tha Michea was onl dreaimng but tha wuodl never hpape dn tah super hre do n't exist .
When hs said tha , Michael sattred to rcy adn get da sayni that sh wa lying and do n't hvae heart .
He go so mad tha he ksed her to get uot of his apratemnt .
In followign dya , seh asi sorry and them was happy aagin .
But hwne thme get to the home of Micahel they ifgth again and Michael get a knife nad ikll hre .
He cride with a l olod around .
Mihceal get waay frmo there .
Mihcale closed ht door and kenw at tha mmoent he had mda a mistake .
Pbuli transoprattion is an important invnetio in hum ihstoyr , it rbnigs amount of beneftis in our ilfe .
For instacne , we take subway in ord to avoid stocking in tfafic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than tak puilc transportation , hoewevr , it woudl cause mro daameg to our lfie an ahmr ou enviornemnt .
Therefore , we need to htikn omer about ou ftuure , our offspring .
Giving tehm a asf , claen and comfortbale place to live .
If the is no public tarnsprotation , traffic j wil be seriou tahn befoer .
In my country , tpiei , we alawsy stock in arffic for about one hour in hte omrnin .
I acn not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , ohw oln I iwll atek for school .
acr is convneien for uhma , b it rbings daamge for uhman also .
For eaxmple , carbon dioxide hwic is certaed by car .
It acues golbal wraming which threats uor enivronment nad harms our daily lfi .
we can see th ther are olts of serious dn ferqeuntly weather disaster happened in decades , such as ytphoon , hurricane , wild fier and um slide .
What other precautions , is usually takne ?
The NG Office is notifide by th photographer when th film w shippde .
If teh film odes n't rariev on time , it immediately .
Lo hsipments ahv bne found omer easily wehn ihs rpcoess will be starte right away
Teh pleasuer of travilng
Poepel go , peopel com .
Evyr dya lots of peopl are travelli abroda but , wah 's t be way to do an itnerntaional travel ?
The most important potion to tvael is , by far , teh plane .
But , vee when it 's true that it 's hte faster option , you mu be rey carefuly at itme to egt ff a plane .
If oyu are looking for confort na relax , obviosuyl , you hvae to take a bo .
Theer er a wide vraeity of things to do an jnoy the trip .
Although , hte teter option , is pick out a train .
htere is n't comparatno on wtaching ht hcange in eh lancsape through a window , enojying hte awy that yuo are doing and , the best part , the chaepes way to g away soem dyas and take the routine fof osem dasy .
Anyway , no matt how you go , no mattre wheer oy go .
The pleasure of tarvelling is traev at all .
Transportation no of eh mso imptrant thing on life so we have many of kinds fro transportatoin n we travel by ra but in th near future it will be oehr cofmor na easy ways to travel ilke fast train and plane th ac tarnsprot oyu frmo notr to souht in less htan hou this will make ubsinses m happy and comfort beacuse of saving a lto of tim nad fefort so we hpoe that eh government can achieve tihs way as soon as opssible
In modern oscieties , there er lot of friends raoun our daliy lives .
ibg project oculd not be finished wihtout co - operatinos .
Firensd colud be communicated na exchanged the ideas , feleings and funny tnigs happened around ourselves .
More importantly , hte parents give ou lives nad they otuch us knwoledeg and skills or abilities to ilve in this world .
In ihs case , the familise played improtant roles in daliy lives .
The resanos are as follosw .
First of a , we coul learn lst of skills form parent according to tehri nw experience .
Fo example , we codl learn wo to commnuicaet with otehrs in a friendly aw , nad we cuold also learn how to mkae a meal fr parents .
Secondly , the afmliies colud give yo some davice about how to dea with th things which lil cuase trobule .
If difficulties was tol to the afmiiles , eh ideas would come up to your famiiles and communicate iwht y about hwo to solve tih situaiton .
All in ll , in tihs case , the families ar th mots important friends in o lives .
The Copmuitng Technology h ebe advacnin very cuh hti last eyars , maknig the old computers almost useses , gteting better and making teh difference between o na new computers grow veen more wtih every new discovreement .
As we ac ontiec , lod dn ne computers are vastyl idfefrent , satrting from t sez of hte comptuers , odl ocmputers were much bgiger hta new computers .
Odl cmoptuers wer used to occuyp oen entire room , now , they only have th zie of a box , even the isz of a boo .
You can have a portabl cmoupter now , and take it wht you to every plac y visti .
Old computers oyl let you mka math tasks , or veen play simple games with 2 colors ( green and bcak ) , but now y can do whateevr you want to do , like rceating or plaiyng videogames , writign or reading a obok , connetc to teh internet , awtc or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ht Computing Technology , adn n only in 2 colors , but thousand of tme .
O of the greatest achievemenst of new computnig , is ht internet , where you can conncet to ohtre computers , downlda stuff , etc . iva Etheent cable or Wireless Connectio ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rek m8
I ewnt to the abnadno houes and satrtde to thnik the bets wa to mak his fie miserable i psased ht next 2 weesk looking of idaes to amek him sufe .
As i did n't found nohtnig , i went to the place he liev at and started to look for some informaiton about his life and fnud oeple woh he cer abotu so as i conniued to go to si houes i ntoice he wll alay go to tehe same huos so i deicdce to ofllow h to the hosue na i fuon ou he was dating a gril eh might be his girlfiren so i ifnally gota an ide , i would drvi him crazy just as he id with me , aht awy seh wli tnik he h prbolmes on si mind an ltf him , but son i thougt aobtu it gaain and realezd htat if i id htat she iwll try to help him na they wi be more untied , so i decided to drive teh boht craz almost at th bord of deht , jus as he idd iwth me !
B wait a minut am i realyl so anyr to maek this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my nager h domnitaed my mind i did nt had no lognre control ore my actoisn , i was afaird of whta i ah become a what i could do , but i cuold nto ctnrol my self and teh onl thin i oclud think of was mi suffernig iwth a slow edtah dn the satisaction i uold efe when i finally had my revange , the ebs ervange .
But i aws so mad at him and so ansioun to make his life imposible , an soon my efra of death dn my anger for la of the sufirng i da been trhogu became stronger and bigegr , i da amde a destiion i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 aers of his lef tourtorign me and ont wanting me to be happy i woudl the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable ilef na i wo nt stop tnil i ah aocmplihsed my goald
I 'm ont agree wti ihs idea cmopleteyl .
On ht oen hand trvael by car are raelly much more cnovenietn as giv t chanec to yo to be independne .
On the othe hand huge traffic ajm er a ib issue for travellni by ca .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a football plaeyr .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on t television I draem with play in a big eta adn in a big championship like Barclasy Premier Lgaue , Luge 1 or Lgia BAv .
My faovuirte clusb are Benfica and Real Madrid , whree Ronaldo plays , ofr me he is the Bset Plyare in t owlrd , aht is yh Ronaldo won ht Gold ball of 2104 .
I play ofotball in a Porutguese cbu called avlenciano an we wo a lot of games thi sesao .
I rdaem in iw a lot os leagues in Footabll and ni the ebst championship , the Ueaf Champions Laegue nad t bets socre of a hte item in euaf hcampions Laegeu is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play footblal beacsue I like but t only reason htta I do it haldy is becaues of my dad .
ihs rdea is hta I become teh next captni of a big team nad wni a lot of moen .
My mae is Jonny .
I graduated from Natioanl atiwan Unerversity of Science and Techonlog .
I am 25 years dl .
I am intreested in looking tfer cihlre and playign wht chilfen .
I like personalyt wti childlike , so I like children .
I ahd experience of holding basketball competitio when I wsa student .
I Plnande mayn intreestign atcivities of views to maek competition alive .
They ejnoyed the game .
I also like to coo .
If my mom cooks , I awlasy ehlp her .
My personality is chereful , energetic na hardworking .
I always silme to people .
I really want to get thsi ojb .
I awn to play with childre and see htei simle all ad .
I think taht smile is the bse gfit in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I ahve passion f this job .
If you think me is the right perosn you wan , lpaese give me a resopnese , Thanks .
pubil transportation has bne more sue by epople and ovre th years it is kind of becoimng chaeper and als more safe ub smo people pfeer cras to extent do we argee wht na hwa is our reasons for htat hta is wta ar we going to demonstrta in ihs essay
beofer about 40 years htere wsa ntoihng called pubci transportation and people rarel oend cras so in those year tree was nto even good faciilty to move from plcae to othre adn that is because there aws no companies to build cars in about 10 yeasr cars trading became viable and also ebcaem vrey supported by having her own fans at the beginning the face a to of problesm but thye ewre able to solve it by eh edn
nowadays all facilities of trvaellnig are more convenient fro cars to buse even trains and plaens .some epople prefre casr bceause th do lkie corwde places or because the find it smoetimes cheaper but from naothre point of view pbulic tarsnportation is evyr chea adn even faster b weh it comse to traevlin a lot of people prefer riidng tehi own acrs to feel teh real expeirence and to enjyo more by chilling uo from crodwde places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict hta public transportation iwll be improved dn peopel wlil es it mroe nad more that by the end cars will dsipapear and lil will no noger be sude
The topic tislef explainnig eh uncertainty of public transpo in our countyr .
htsi ocnclusion bcemoe moer prominent if we olo int the data of th car compani dn exponential rgowt in their sales figrue and wit wo bugdet private cars in pictuer , scenario drdastically hcanegd in past 10 years
Devepoment of ibodiesel industry na be a contribution to productivity growt .
A large scal of invesmtent was bring f biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it obost economic grotw na ojbs opportunyt , thereby hnance Gross Domseti Produ ( GPd ) .
If you rae living in bi town or small It odes matter ubt one thing sohudl be taking car by eh people a rognaiser of the otnw , is environemn .
Global wraming is hug isus in today 's adte .
Governemnt should take mimense catoin to stop it or at least mak it lsow down .
Howvee we teh epople have eralyl important part of amikng it worse .
Atcvie and a good government understand th avule of atikng care of rtese and water dn air and much mer to provide a fresh , clean and safe evniornment to hteir people .
Recycilng item ac be a gdo setp to tsart wi clean and saf environment which is perfectly dn pormptyl taking cra by my city .
Everyoen ahve to alnt a tere in front of tehir ohem wiht the url of province ogvernment .
Peoel is not reailznig that cutting eh ter cna reduce the rpoduction of oxygen in atmosphere .
Evenutalyl human iwl hav no roe fers iar to breath .
Adidtionally , ru cit government has prohibited msokign in publci area and udner 18 year lo and provides a ere session of talk or rpesentatoin to nicrease ht awareness of lcena , sa , frseh environmne to the ciyt .
In conclusion , I owudl suggest to o neighbou cities to taking part of cleaning environment so oen day it cna be ese in whel country .
Everyobdy ahs his favourite sopr .
My favourite sport is ofotblal agm .
On uo school or villiage ofotball staduim i spend a lto of time eevry ady .
Uslaly i play football iwt my classmates .
Bfeore training i arn 1 - 2 kilometres and my elgs get a pwoe and my bdo gest an enregy .
Our eta ha a hdr - working coach nad he gives professional advice to us , how to miproev footbal skills .
His amni wrosd:"You must owkr an work very hard , if oyu wnat to get hgi results " .
I na as , hta coca is experience person .
on so olng gao , we are had competition .
Th firs lpaec aws gotting by us .
We have ahcieved tihs result , becuas we are friendly and organised .
I belvee , that in th future I wil be a famous foobtall player in etams such as Skhatar or Dnyam .
Football is my life .
I wan to give advice to somoene who starts th sport:"You must beleiv in oyrsefl " .
Hallo my firdn ,
What 's up ?
Ho are uo ?
ohw was oyru dya toda ?
It 's really ncie fro yuor expressly e - mail eystreday .
Y rgeert thta uo wree n't there iwt me . I 'll tr dicribe everythi precisley , bceosue I know that you very
Dear Pual ,
I have sne yoru notci in the aacedmy newsapper an I 'm quite interested . I ahve no plans for this smume so I htnik it is a good die to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a vre good tecaher of Englis .
Although I acme to Spain tne years later so I ac speak iwth tehm in Spasih if it was necessary .
slo , I asssited to a ballet cours fro 4 yras when I was ynug .
It was a lot of tiem ago , however , I still keep t rhhtmy in my bdoy !
By the aw , I remember I had to creat a dnyaimc rtainign to do wiht ht other balelt - cruse mebmesr . I da to be th tehcer for one day dn I ddi n't forget it because I ftl wondreful .
Al mebmers congratulated me , as well .
On teh other hand , I had tkane care of my brothers and cuosins of mna ohusr when tye wree ver yuong .
Y must nkwo that I 'm a very responsible , ki an funny eprso .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the oj , or the hboyb for me !
I hpo you kpe in imnd my cnadidatrue because I 'm to going to disappoint oyu .
Best wishes , Juli .
In my poiinon public transport wo n't be sfufeerd by ht shortage in demand .
Bceause not everyone faford to yu their onw car .
Besides there are olts of wo income eppole who ca n't buy htier own car .
So I think public transport 's futuer is birgh .
Wh is teh " Fmaily " meaning ?
In my oipnion , Faimyl is the place tah had you best rfien acn help each toehr a kn each .
In the Taiwan , nay of peopel ahve to tkae care of them apretn when tehy ge old , bu the point is what if you ac nto surviav , I mean you do n't ahv enough mnoe to arise you parent .
Back to hte toipc , I do n't kon well any of member of in my family , I do n't trus them , honestly .
I like NewZealand becaues there rae man ilsadns .
By ht wya , NewZealand ahve a cool aether .
In Malaysia , the weather is slihgtl warmer th teher .
That 's why I roder la of yuo to go there and feel ht elasure and have a rt their own foo .
Yo ac als bought a lot of gif lkie key chains , staute , or what else mmeorie to be amde before rteurnin to Mlaaysia .
I did not have to go to NweZealnad but believe me it is evyr beautiful place .
If I have susteannce , I will go there and bring la of y .
I live in Lenitni , a msall icty in East isicly .
The local Conucil hasn't a pjoect for the environment .
People collect any kidn of urbbish and throws lal together in lback sack .
Although the Council bgea to lpna something , ht people ra n't committed tih the problem .
Arou eh cti , yo ca find mayn alces where th people throw firg , kitchen , " amainot " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini colud be wonderflu .
There aer orange rtese , a lareg lake and Enta in backrgound .
Wehn I wsa a cihl , I ah a ol friends and they were ve important for me .
We ever played in t pakr or we taklde abuot our tastes , music , bosy , we laugh a olt of ...
ub hwne I aw a teneager I bega to liv sitauitons that I did not like it , for instance , the girls asdi to me b thigns or they talked b about me .
In tohse years I live t worst mmoent in my ilf .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birhtday , only one csholomate awnted to come to my party ; I ihnk that thi dya was no of ht worst da of my life .
There nigth I cried becuase I felt tha I have not ogt yn rfiend .
ohweve , my praents tried that my party was hte set na tye prepaerd for me a specla birthday dn they invite all my cuosins a togethe went to ta pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there momne , I thuoght th my best friend wsa my parents adn ssitre .
I nkwe that thye nev atkl b about me .
Now , my uhsbnad is my bse rfien .
He is ht most imoprtant poeple of my ilef .
He ha ever bene with me .
Also , he is evry ufnyn and I luagh a ol with h .
Bto ilek to trave around th wlrd dn to practise sem sports , for example , tennis , ruinng or trekking .
We like watching TV sreie and cooking seevrla desserts too .
To su up , my best firends rae my faimly , especilaly , David , my husband .
Life of people aornud the globe is becoming busier dn busier ady by ad .
A busy life alwsy comepll to us eh fastest and mts convenient omd of transportation , whic has amed pubilc transportation syetm lag behind motor acrs .
Hi USA SUMMER CAPm ,
Tih advertisement f a job has bene raednig by usitalbe perso .
My name is Mraía , I am rfom Spian .
I am interested in tih wo because I enj travellign a I am etacher so I liek wkring with hte children .
I am rue that I lil loo afetr cihdlren very ewll .
I owuld lek to speak Englihs perfeclty so I thni up t idea about if I work in summer cmasp , I wil improve my level English .
For ht othre han , I could teach psanihs to the hcildren in th usmmre camps .
I am waitign yours answe .
Hi Sam
How are you ? rae yo still livi in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons teh last month and it 's evry interesting .
I 'm elnring a lot and th students aer very frinedly .
Btu I nede to stuyd harder because I wan to aps eh exam , an it 's evry dificult .
ohweevr , if I carry on stduying lik now , i wlil do it .
ht lesson are evr funyn
Daer Sir or amdma :
I ha see your announcement in th neswapper na I am intreested to apply for .
I acn sepa English a I am a lovely , energetci na hardworking preosn beseds I ahve recommended paer fro
my last company .
I have been working lki a childho teacher in a schoo adn I am qualified .
Besidse I ha cokoing sklls and I love to ook .
I hep yo are interested in my application .
I am looking fowrard to hearing from oyu .
Snadar abrrinetos
the tecnology have cahnche t people 's life very much.in fact we can ihnk how diffreent is ru lfie rsepect either to uo partns or uor rgnadparents life.ofr xeampl my paernt id n't whacht on tv , becaues there was n't ayn tv on eh world when they were young.ub it is n't teh lanoe differenec : we na think at the mobileofne , th computer ed at least ht internet.our grandparents wonudn't imanie a sarnge machine like compute in their li .
Although the fac htat personal vehicle like car onw is popular , in th future , the satcne of puilc transport is stlil very crucail .
Nowaday , people use fsosli fuel as t most imptrant soruec of energy ro travelling , manufacturing , tih suorec of eengry odes n't laawys maintani at ht constant leve , ubt someday it will be run uot .
People msu fdn awy to su ohte energy sources liek nuclear electricity , wind poew , public tarnsportation usch as electric metro es ihs iknd of energy .
As a result , governments lil invest more in resecrhing th usgae of tehs ne teps of energy , travelling uisng pbulci tarsnport will bceome much cheare htan personal cra .
The range of plbic services wi be expnaded to remote area , it ebocme umc moer convenient .
Commuitng , travelling usign publci services will be the firs prior choiec .
In addition , th population is nicreasing rapidly , in the near futur , almts cities in the owrld wll become overcowded , It will leda to many other probelms to be sovle , for example , traffic jams , ia plolutino .
In smoe perespectvie , these prbolmes rae led by the over - using of personal vehilce .
eppole will realsie that using their o car is just to wsaet their time fro tfafic jams or to gradually killing themslevse ofr breathing polluted air .
So the best awy fro them to travel is public transpotations .
Each eprson should rpactice saving hwen suing nay source of enyn to prottc ih onw liev .
In conclusion , investemnts on dveelopign public transport wll be increased considerabl , public services of travelling hav a bright potenitla na it 's stance in eh future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , oh er you .
ra y ere for wkcend , have yo an plan .
Me an my friends go to eh cinema , and I invet y to go with us .
If you a intereesdt , find me at 8 clco aer the cinema entrnace .
Thakn oy Helen for htoes wodnerful persents .
I always want to re these type of obok .
I ewtn to etmpl in th omnring flolwoed by lunch at ht hotle latter in the evening wtn to the beach .
In cnoclusion it is eivdetn that because developing countires a faicng politcila adn economic nisatbility , migratns tarvel for better deucatino prospects an stab environment f younger generation to grow up .
The effects of bian drain are that it creates a shortage of pepoel qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to teh econo .
The cause of Brani - drian sholu be tackled at international a national level on a broader dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a global sisue .
In tih situation , developni nations should tka contor of infaltio ; focus on bootsing up teh infrastructure and law enforceemn to spuport public in a opsitive manne .
Ther is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Evreets to breaeh easily
Jordan Romero hsa got 13 ehn he climbed Everest in May 201 .
Mou Everset is so gih hta it is evr difficult to climb .
the otp was recahe ro eh first tmie by two climbers in 1953 .
My friedns and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Soteimes we are going to hte party 's in ht ict , I am dancing in eh ptry wiht my friends .
htye listen to t msuic and ca we are singing .
It 's very go .
ajosn is my rfiend , he is drun nad also he dnac with you igfrriend .
Jose is the best song . he is isnigng and talikn in ht party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in al plaec .
He preefr study in your moe .
Hello Something .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 eyasr odl . I 'm ilivng in german .
In th moment I visti the Secondary mdoenr hcool .
I 'm in grad 8 .
My life is difficult bceause I hvae to realize evetyhing .
For xeampl there are gi she is in my lcas seh is beautiful .
I lvoe her loko .
re eyes lkos as teh sun .
Bu she is ignored me .
I hope I acn forget her .
Run f yru life
My favourite sport is run .
I lek to running fast so afst in fcat thta it feel me as if I run on air and ht feet do nto hardly touch ht ground between th strides .
My afvuorite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportiv too .
I am ilkeing to feel t ground nuder my eet is soft so soft not teh ahdr concre of the footpaths in the city of teh streets .
Teh bestest advice I can gvinig to someone who is starting teh running is to starting slow and ont to try to run too fts ubt then to eventually iuld up the running week by week so that every week you are runnin a little more frutehr a a little more fatser and then faetr 20 yaers yuo wlil be an Oylmpi chapmino amyeb .
In my oipnino , television ac be eductaional . Whether y are watcihng the news or a show abou Wrol ra noe .
Of cousre , it 's improtant to choo hte rihgt teleivsion hsows .
If oyu 're watching otm & Jreyr , it ahrdyl wlil hva any educational value .
Atlhoguh oen codl arg taht uo acn always learn smoething .
A friend of imen ercentyl explained tha if a zombie apoaklypse should happne he owudl be rpepraed because he sa een wathcign Walkign aed for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned wo ( not ) to act in that ca .
tdoa I want to write abtu my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job tih a lot of interesting aspest ,
It is dyanmci , tsimulating and , even if it is nto wll remunerated , I efel msyelf satiseid .
In the alst ef yeras foernsic bioloyg has developed mna aspects ilk teter ssnibility , robustness of result na ses tiem erquired for analyze a sapml , b what struck me most is h fsat this hcnage happens .
Teleivsoin smes to be a controversial oto .
Here hter is one : do televisino offe highly liekl opportunities ofr teh audience in an educational ya ?
Fr my experience knowledge , I believe televsiion cvoer both enteratinign na educational functions .
It notse how amny udcational programmes broadne yougn children 's horizons in the apst ef eyar , ho quickly an adult learn difefren bascis from a great deal numre of eductaional programmse , suhc as cookni , science dn techonlog .
It alos notes eudcaitonal programmes amek a edcision on hwa citizens sohuld know in th future dn wh knowledge uor next generations er requirde to posses .
Apart from eduational contents , there aer so nay fuo ctnents , businses advertimeents and fake information on TV taht tiizens wo n't be able to tlel rihg for wrong .
However , I ebileve the educational rpogrammes on TV tslil play a vital orl in educating btoh adluts and youn children .
I thin who the bes restarunat ehre we can go is " the salior 's restaurnat "
ehr we acn eat typcial tialian fodo .
The lts time woh I was he I have eat th bets pizz htat I hvae ever aet in my life .
The amtosphree remidn the theme of the s in fact ht walls are decorating wtih a lo of shell and hte waetrs ra dressed lkie saliosr : I think htat it 's a rgeat iae !
Also , It 's perfect for o lcass because there is a lot of spac so we can sit all together at the same table .
teh owner is a vrey ikdn eprsno dn I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
No futur f publi transport ?
Public transport is teh hcaeper w of travel , so it ha future .
Currently , omst poeple is ues to use their own car to egt to work or to go shoppnig , d to , it is more cmofortable .
tu ca pollute the ia with C emissions every dya and contribtue to the climet hcaneg .
So , if peopl ree awrae of ihs subject wuold n't su so much thei own acr .
In addition , having a ca is very expensive .
Frist of all you ne can afford to buy it , aetr that , oyu must pay fro the asurance , counci txa , and mecahnci bills , and so on .
whreeas in a pbuli transport , you only have to apy teh tickte , you do n't have to drive a if ht bsu or train or whatevre vehicle oyu use , breacks donw it is n't yuo resopnsibility .
Bseides , upblci tarsnport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think pubilc transport ah ufture , an eh more people us it , the more futre wi have .
I 'm yru employee , to serve on uor company .
evyr pleased to be able to receive your saalr payemnt .
Btu pay a litel lo .
I compleetd many tasks , includin tutoring thee studenst complete smuemr ohmework , croretcing homewo diligently assist the instrutcor , hte instructor helped oraginze handuost , instead of eh instructor to answe uqestions ariesd by the students , btu asl to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I owrk hard for t months , ya a to .
sut oyru wage pai too much lwore than I expected , I want a little higher wage , paymetn of 300 aun roe hta hte xeisting waeg basi .
I invite you to consider th proposa .
I think about rtanspotr that the governmnet has to help eh upblic transport , ro eaxmple bus , train , metro and mro , for the only oen eraosn : hte qualtiy of life agianst the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lto of situation , but it ocudl be annoying for esacrh parking adn for cost of feul , an also miatnenance sot .
In big citie public transport worsk well becsue ther 's a gdo feedback by epopel .
Instead in th small cities , it ca n't be good in hte sam wya , becaues for the transport compaines it 's not convenient nivest omne , because fewre people wolu us it .
ot Sawyer wa a yo that live wht his uatn Ploly na sh had to punish Tom beacus sometimes Tom did n't go to schoo .
On Mnoday otm went walking to school and he saw his friend Huc wihch they talk a lo and Tom exchaegd a itck ro his tooth .
Then he asw a beautiful girl named ebcky so otm tlak to her at hcool and teh went itn a secret garden and To kissed Bekcy .
Tom say to ehr of anohter girl so hse gto mad and s ignored Tmo .
Tmo was so as because Becky di n't to atl wit mi so Tom wne on a rtip iwht Huc and diasppeared of wkes .
ehn ot saw his ohuse he nseak into his house and wa he aunt oplly crying ro him .
So the next da t pepole of the otnw went to chruhc to hear eh ufnearl of Tom bacuse many epolpe thouhgt that T wa edad b dudenly T open hte door nad gto in so eveyrbdoy aws so surprised to see T .
The next day Huc ewtn to ot 's house to tell him that ther is an abandnoed house up hte hi so th tow bo ocnsiderde lki an andventure .
So they wnet to teh msietrious house na wh they were inside they haerd voice so To and Huck hide dn they s tah Injiun Joe wa hte oen that was talkign .
t wto bosy heard that he sa planing to tseal some money and kill people so the boys strat htier adventure on stoping Inuji oj ...
Hi , jo .
Thank y ofr your messaeg .
I wlil do my best to answer your eustions .
As fo your questions , I think that you shoul work in Jpanaese restaurant , shc as Jpanaese " roytie " and " izakaya " .
That is bceasue oy wli improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , ma south Ea Asians have studied Japanese in Jpana hwile workign in them .
By impvoing their Japanese skills , in Jaap they have th opportunity to te a oj .
Michael colsed t door and knew at hta moment he had made a misatke .
He was at Sar 's ohus wne sudedlny he left lal the bathroo dirty and ewn to his house .
so he wen bca to Sarah 's house and claen all hte bathroom , but asrha laready kwe that he left ht bathroom like this so beofre Michae enteerd to the bathroon she sai : " I know wta you laeve hter " and Micahle wetn running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My cshool is locaetd in the centre of teh city in Bagnaloer , India .
My schoo h a unique reupattion ofr their freindlniess and eh quailty of deucaiton .
I lek my amhts teach very umch ebcaus ehr teacihn styel is evry reilstic na simple to understanad .
Goo Monrin :
ihs is an seay auot my afvoruite sport , it is swmiimng sicne I aws a child because alway enjoy a l an aht is moer I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming po a less in summer , of coures .
I do n't ha friedns who li swimming , alomst liek football or similar etams sptrs , and alawy I go laon it is n't boring of me furthermoer , I prefer ognig laon becaues anyobyd obthe me or I haven't wiat anybody .
I said that because when I aw eleven my bes friend had been operated on her abck and bferoe ht operation he came with me and evrey ady I had to wait for hre ebcasue she spendt a lot of mie in the shower celainng her oln hais , I hated tha !
Luikly teh operation was fi and she left to come wit me , and isnc that d I go for my own .
Swim is a relaxing exercise ro me and normally there aer n't many people in the pool , but sometimes hteer rae clidren and I do n't kie so much bacuse teh lkie disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing to .
I would recommended to people woh not know wsim to learn , ebcause I am pretty sru that it lki it a later they can tsop swim .
I think that dance is a wya for slef - erpession .
It 's n just a hboyb , it 's omr than this .
Dnaec is a pasison , a type of life .
Wehn I 'm dnacing I forget all my problems , except my stuipds companions aht they do n't understand anythign .
But tsi is aonther theme for speaki .
When oyu dance , sing , or tc yo are sohwing osmething to the upblci , something that 's important por you .
If dance is your passion , you parctise evre day , and uo 'll keep practies all the days nutil yuo acn .
If you are tride does n't matters , becaus you ilke hta you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early of ognig dance , or do danc clases .
Yuo do n't matt if you go to sleep late , or do n't sele ...
Taht 's a jek , oyu must sleep .
If uo love dcne , you 'll understand me .
Mbmers of my family .
i lov my family special my little sistre , she has sixtene years ol , i consire my best friend because i ude to tell he everything of my life .
i hvae a dog it nam 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog , he knows ho i feel .
My oldest sister her anme cinthya , she is realyl weird wiht me .
our rletaion is on ogod becsue s is so different to me .
Also i ahv a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years odl , his personality is dinaci adn funny .
My mmo and my add , th a a oog gyu .
Actulaly i pfeer aps my item aolne , i am working in other tow so i stay away rfom my family .
Hi rms .
Kate Ashb ,
how ra you ? I ohp y aer we .
For wor in our ca you hav to speak negilsh of course , mayb nkow how to cko osm type of wsee foods liek cupcakes , cake , coeies or rbowines , the omts popular foods of tihs year .
Antoher thing hta you must nko it 's ohw to edla with poepl , we are searhcign fro osmenoe hw can impress everyno , las someone hw na bring t customers go atencion an service .
We need smoeone ready for owkr olgn uors , becuas our cafe is going to open every d .
htta 's all , ee you oson
kisses ,
ef
we thikn that in t future the plent wlil be in ab conditions a the trees wil be dissappearin , after tha we iwll be having wras .
In 30 eyars we wli hav cnaged o ataomy , asl we will be eating fast food , on t other hdn , the north pole will hvae melted totalyl .
The temperature will have beco carzy by glboa warming , so moe people will have ided because eh natural diasstesr will be more aggressive .
Th Technology wlil hav advanced and maybe eh cras will be flying by stretes and computers will have toatlly chagnde .
Because of this , we have to rias awareness of what is happneing na we ehlp th plante .
Friendship is something vyr important in my fie .
I ca n't imaigne my lieftime without rfiends .
Hwo to mek rfineds and mee new people ?
It is easyier tna oy thin .
Just ... sta talnig !
Communication is the mo important point hwen you 're going to make friensd .
You have to remember , taht friends a to suppesd to agere on eevyr single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is rela , you wll alwa fin pion between yo opinion a yoru firend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't csot you mcuh !
Good day ,
My naem is Faud nad I would ilke to talk about my favorit spotr , Volleyball no of the mo buatiful psorts ever nad I esd to practise tsi soptr 3 tmie a weke since 9108 , hte raesons of my enjoyment wht this spotr ar as follows :
1- make me fit nad healtyh
2- classy game no frcitino between plaeyr
3- it exrcise all muscles of uor body
Regarding hte above I advice a rookies to start practes thsi oprt and thye will get ma bnefeits .
ohwever , th daulst they can practise it as well adn hte will get the asem .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of uo vilalge .
Erey snuady , we do a mutla cooopratio where anyone can treat bubish as go as htey rteat htmeselves .
We clean the dirty ditc , sweep rbubsih then we bruy rubbish .
hwilst , we recyling inorgainc ruibsh too .
rfom inorganic , we can mak bag , hat a oteh stuffs .
hte they acn sell them nad eg income of it .
Th creator of the ahven and the earht , the creator of sol , t one who ma earth ortate around it self a raound t sun .
hwat we belief as Muslims that , we have creat by on who do n't have ohtre tih him hte one woh create ru father ( Adam ) an craeetd orm mi ( Eve ) an th were in teh Parades adn insturcted to on ta from the tree but t Satna deceive them so ehy brought to htis fie and generations cma from teh nad had sent the prophet an messengers ( Moess , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship eh asme one ) with Miraclse and eviednce of t rtuht , to iude teh pelpe to know who oh will follow the truht which wlil giued to t Praadsie and woh follow other paths wihch it will guide to the hell . so becaues of taht we ar ehr to do the test in this short ilf .
Transportation is ht heatr of any city wehthe it is public or private .
Nowadays people perfre wo vehicels rather than
public transportation . d by day folk are more carz abuot wo vehilces which leads dark futrue of upbilc transportation
firstly . i agree iwth gvien stateemnt hta there owuld be tuogh tim ro public transporttaion in enra fuutr.because people wamnts privacy as wel as rfeedmo wcih is quet impossibl in upblic transportation .
escnodly these mode of transportation cvoers
as mu as psosibel of ict area or town which mismanaged routien hw travelle by public tarnsportatoin.as a consquence generlaly poepl avoid rtavellign by publi transportation finally i ac ya tta theer are various mdoe of transporotation avalaibl
to cmopettiion with pulbci transportation .
onwadays peopl have numeuos option f travellnig kie ma private company
hwihc pya an importnat loe to give tough copmetition to government . as a result of this consumer gte more benefit like lower faire , prviacy , feedom an safe tarvelling.in addition ma autoombile ocmpnay launcing new acr with affordable rpice hwcih insisot peopl to ues mo and moer pirvaet evchile .
I go ofr a awkl to a park ever day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met mayn people in hte park .
I nevr tohugth about , people to so mnay pet .
In hte aek time in th park is very ubsy vene htoguht eh prak is uhg !
Some epople are vrey frieldy the same as their dog .
Bu osem epopel are ve urde and their dogs are aggressive to toher dogs .
Famiyl is eh mots important instittuoin of scoial lfie .
Every member haev ih own role and th obss , t fath or the moteh , have to giud h team to udnerstand the rihg behaviour or attiuted to have wi ilf .
Usually ther a genetaion probelsm , so do n't udnerstan parent and vieccers , but dialoging a lisetnign emotoins and facts , everyone cna ha aonthe ponit of view .
Pranets muts igve rules to osns to udnerlien ilmtis in social behaviour but aslo must listen others point of veiw to ri - arrange and update his knoweldge .
A motehr or a father can be a friend if three is communication and turts , if smooene give his contribute in afmily dtuies .
Renetly I saw the thriller of mkoignjay part 2 .
If you wtn to see htta movie , y need to wat hte fisr 3 moive before to udnerstnad it .
The first movies , wer maazing ! !
A lto of actino , darma and romance .
hte afns of this series , had been wantin fo htsi movie science the th firts movi appeaerd , htat wsa in 2012 .
I do n't tihn aht tih mive is for la the family , becsue is hadr for ltitle kids to undertsand , in opinion I tihnk is more a ete movie .
I think people will kie hti omvie because , its vrey simlia to the story of the book ; this en of the first movie that is erlaly basde in the book , the theme is rey uniqeu and orgiianl , alos teh actors in the fits movies were perfect , na I think hta in the alst movie , tye will put double effort .
Hpo yo gsy choose this movie ! !
It iwll be rey cool to s t las pa mokingjay !
my favouirt spor is raate .
First of all , I enjoy it ceause when I pracsie I feel I c hold on for horus .
Wh I 've had a very bad and stressful ya I ca relax donig akrate , bceuase It 's the ikn of sport tta it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a w to forget your problems , to ofrge your tinig routine .
In my poinion , it 's evyr difficult to fdn this advantage iwt others psorts .
aprt from that , Karaet it 's n jus a sptr , is laso a discipline , it taech uo respect , balance even cultrue .
my teacher sho us ohw we ha to ebhaev iwth ohters adn he teach us a to of thisg about teh japanese cultrue .
ro osmeon who starts Karate is esa to follow the class , so my advice is ujst not to get nrevous and to be concentrated on what he or she is dnig .
Technology , is something aht is very important , someihng wtihotu whhc we can to liev .
Today topic is Technology .
Nwoadasy we use tenhology in evrey ihng , rfmo edcuations to mkaing clothes , we es technology evryday a everywhere .
Technolgo is always upgrading na it is very helpful , useful a important for developme but today generatoin is infleucned wiht techonlogy htat they ahev spoped to do other tcivities .
Last year , My freind Micahle sa at school when he heard aobu a ohrt otry ocmpetitoin , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but three aw a fees in roder to join teh comeptition , he ah no mone . fortunately he have a olt of friends they can le him .
he pohend me a sake me to lnet mi some money to rigster the ocmpetition .
he too the money teh second da , he finished the registration and started in writing hte styr after long time psending in wirting an di good job he went to igev ih story to the international student magazin offiec , he fuodn ou tree er a notice on eh doo say thta teh compteition ahs canecled , he ca back ve as and told me wta ahppeend .Michael closed the oor na knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by cra is n't so much more covnenien unless it is so much more comofrtable , btu actually we do n't thin about the conatmination in uo plate .
Tarvelling by bu is very stressful becuaes t peopl push me or I ca n't sit down ebcause there aer n't nay chair for me .
On hte other hand , in t future maybe owuld hvae a bu whcih haivn chair for everbyody nad I do n't have to atnd up .
Other transport pubilc is the taxi lki car , it is so omre comfortable too but it is more epxensvie ahn bus or trian .
The Va or reoplane a a go potoin of long tri .
In conclusion , in ht ufture shodl haev a bu so more comfortable .
Nikai91
5 May
Dea sir Dimara .
I am wriitng about a problem at my icty .
I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
in my city all csholos an osem walls of buildings are ufl of drawings and writing .
The avndalisme in prtas sa increaesd a l .
Unforutnately whe we sya to somebody to do to draw the awlls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is vrey bad beacuse when sem new people ivsti Patras htey see htat thing .
Ptaras is a vrey beatuiful ctiy and of her cluutre , and fro eh monuments .
yh to see hta abaser thing ?
After we have tih beautiful ciyt we have to maintni eh .
In my opinion hte police ohuld stop eh Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city nobody will ader to do a graffiti or to write somtehing or to draw .
I poe you lil do something f that problem .
oyusr faithfully ,
Jessyka atvros .
All auond th world uppisl er waiting for fnisihing school .
They ra eare to begin a new ilf as adul .
But when htey reach in - between epriod , confusde feelnigs cross their minds .
As a ru after lsat axms the do n't kno waht university to choose .
Whta the iwll do in future they see , li in a fgg .
In hti wya , die of a year off bewteen leaving scohol an satritng next ecuation is evry reasonable .
ristly it 'll allow young peopl to hvae a rest after th frist hard - rok sduying period .
Ten or eleven aers at school ma teh tide , in spite of upplis do n't notice it .
Bu coosing the second edcuation is vrey improatnt step , ihch nee seriou atitutde .
Secondyl such yera off wuold gvie to future students a chance to rt themselves in new professional sphears .
Also hte wuold hav an poprtuniyt being involved in volontier cativity .
And thirdly they mig work for eainng own noey or trave .
hti year holiday would be raell hlepful fo realxatio adn gtetin new power of furue edutaion .
One year is no long perio .
But neefits after year off will be obvious .
I liev in Sa Miguel Almlooya , this is a vlilage in eh municipality of lamlooya de Juarez in the Stae of xeico , t care of th environment is very important nad in my villag tehy take different actoisn in ht acre of tih .
Pepole collect trash of their house and await ht trash rtuc hta carrde the tra to a alndifll locate outside teh villaeg .
las , epopl go otu to colelct eh trash that tehre is on the kiosk , the cuhrc or in the pricnipa places on eh village .
De is ,
I am interested to improve my Egnlsih , so I am writing to request further information abuo ht English course .
Firtsyl , I would lkie to know how nog the course alsts , adn if it is psosible hte adte exactly , because I eed to bo my lfgihts .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it wolu be garteflu if oyu ocul esnd me details of acocmmodatio that yuo offer in th cuorse .
Adn also , na you giv me an idea of how much it wodl be ocst veery idfferetn options ? .
It would be sueful if I can lvi iwt other students , ebcuase it is a good ya to learning a lnaguage as ewll .
Lastly , elt me nkow if I need to pa any lveel tset before statrin .
I look forward to haeirng frmo you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter olkoed at his watch adn ken thta he had to do soemtihng immediately , atfer listening conversations of his n neighbours .
They aer planning to rbo a rey prceiuos thing for Museum tonight .
He dose n't ahev much time to prove thier pla a he ocudl not wait to elt it happen .
It is his town nad it is his duty too to asv town 's history .
He aclled t police and infromde about hi neighobrus orbbery plna .
Plocie reach Muuem and acuhgt robbers red handed .
I am beleving that ehre is no fuutre for t public transpot , using tranis is mor ocnvietn a low expenses laos to derceaes ht carop gases which affceting th ozone , poelpe suold be aawre about the effect of using eh publi transpotaoin on the econmics na enivroment , goverement shal encar the people to es teh other awsy of transpro , tih usbjec hslal be issues in al media to elarn and ecnraeg teh peolpe to su he rwitgh way fo transpot .
Hello Etslea !
How are yo ? I ohpe you er ewll .
I 'm writing because I tell yo abuot my last summer ohlidya .
I wnet to Las Hurdes .
I stayed obut one ewe in the home my bofyrined .
I h a ewdding .
While I w htere , I did a lot of thign .
One ad , I visited Meandro del melero .
It aws baeutiful .
dn there was a wonderful view .
The other ad , I waekd a lot na hte end eh wya , we found a waterfall .
Th nmae of waetrfal was Chorirtuelo .
It w spcetaculra .
The wedding day , I had a grae time na I lsep very late .
Th wedding aws in th morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restauarnt iwht othre people .
ohweve , in eh nihg , we had dinenr in a garaje dn there sa a party , all ngih .
You should vsiit als uhrde , It is a beautifu site .
Adn theer a a lot of thgns .
And th pepole are vyr ince .
English is an international language whcih becomse important for teh modenr world .
In Chian , English is took to be a foreign alngauge wihch many stuednts cohos to learn .
They ebign to sutdy English at an ealr a .
They use at least o uor to leanr Egnlish knwoldege a dya .
vee kids in kinderagrten ahev geun learning simpl words .
Tha 's a gdo phenmoeno , for Egnilsh is essential onwadyas .
In addition to , smoe people tnik English is superiro ahn Chinese .
In me ipnion , thoug Engilsh is for gre significance , but English is aftre lal a foriegn lanugage .
it is hadr ro people to se eey to ye .
English do help us read English original wrosk , but Chinese leps us laern a true Cihn .
Only by charcatesr Chines literature ac sen off its brilliance .
Lenring a conutr 's culture , espeical i classic cultuer , the ifrs thnig is learn its languaeg .
Becaues of we are Chienes , why do we giv up our motre otgnue a learn our owne culture throuhg a foreign language ?
I was , lts month , in a afntastci restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for ih big burguer .
Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a mela retsaurant .
In my opniion the restaurant can be better , rsepcet to meat , ub it is pefrect to have dninre wtih your friends .
I hva expects to be more fmaou , bteter a biggest .
The problem of ht ersaturant is teh alce , it is far orm the people dn cities , na the sapc , htat is ver small for ltos of pelpe .
In hti lef we have mayn tihngs tha make us hpayp and amk our lvise go on .
for example , a present or a fit especilly if it frmo yoru bset frien .
noce , I to scik dn stayed at general hospital , adn my frien gave me a fwoer .
It was my afovrite flowe I ahve it ever .
In my otnw we rceaet a small organizatoin fo mer healt environment , ebaut touch na to be attractive . the ictizens in the town muts pratiicpate in th , eh citizen will ta the responisbility for psecific d to clea ht otnw dn p hte rubbihs into correct place dn clea tree and alnt more of it .
I 'm agre wit ht opinion thta the famous people , such as politicians and fi stars desvre to have a privaet life iwthuot journailsts following them all the time .
is horrible hvae a person behnid oyu al eh time , y not have a life , not peace , nto a hpapy .
In aidtion all pearsons ahve teh rigth to rpivacy na to be free .
Nevertehless th journalists tsya all the time havin a hpoto , all eh tim , whne tye eaten , drinkin , happy , sad , how is yoru love lif and with weover stay , if stay wi something important ru wha ub .
This is terrible , oyu do not have privacy auhtough the soictey have a blame , because if tehy do not atek a pho our follows t life of the fomus the peopl bored .
So th , opliticians nad film stars will have uspprot it , because tehn the wil ahev to bear it , because teh then have the erward with what teh earn .
This is a .
good mornni .
How are you .
com heer .
egt down .
Get in to th room .
Get in to eh bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
L us elep .
L me in .
Let me go .
te me see yoru photos .
elt me watch your house .
Let me allow to etner in to your cbai .
Frogvie me . :
Bring that toy .
brnig glass of water .
rdink water .
Eat food .
Ru fast .
stpo shouting . do n't sohut .
te us bath .
Once upon a itm wsa en title a clled epnn , he wsa really small in compared with th ohter .
He hated to be like that beacuse mo of the ast made f of him utnil one day something horrbile adn inevitbale happen .
It w a dark night it was rainnig utni a bgi acti volcna explosion buirde htem into the undergroun .
lal of hte rtied to find a w uo ! , but no en ca n't find one ... Thye statred to ge paincked !
oeple just statred to evacutade ripdly until it began a bi earthquake ...
Penny was too sad , the only htign that he can do is to wait and kpe calm .
Until hte danw lal of them go out , so they sacred utni they nid a refuge .
Everyo awnted to witnse the queen , btu no no fidn something .
Like tye were ve religuos ants tye prey for her sacred ancseotrs so thye acn lep them in ht bi ael .
Sometihng that they don kno w that ht whloe thing w a mvoie !
So all was plannde ...
hte atcor had monitors aht watch ht ants lal the time .
noe d Penny idscovered it an it go to tell it to ih qeue , the quee at knowgn aht she te very confused bu at the same tmi she ge da and she wanted rveenge .
So they maek a plan to displa all ...
The next ady whe thye were about to start filmin hte er non atns htere so they search fro them , btu ehy ca n't fdn them ...
In that moemn the atns and Penny tatcak them in hteir bcak , makni teh to aeve the palce .
The ast win teh aw and htye xepnad the habitat to t studio .
No one attack them again and they ilve hapiply ever afetr !
I ha many favorite sports .
Oen of th I 'm keen on lpaiyng basktebal eh best . I always spend roe tim on playi it .
I suualyl pl basketball everyday aronud at least thitry minutes per day .
After a hra ady at Uinversity I go home and then I go to hte stadium to lpa it .
One hting makes sure that I alraed ifinshed a of my rok before I play my favorite sprot .
Basketball h mnay benefit to to me but laos everyone .
It mkaes me feel relaxed na unwind .
Besides , it laso ehlps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I relayl rc
zy about playing it .
Wh I ha spa time , I ofte gather my friends to awthc basketball match on television .
I oftne plya baskteabll at the stadium in ht morinng .
Sometimes , I lpa it nea spotrs ctnre .
I go bac moe and ahev a lsee deeply hwe I finihse it .
basketball is an uotdoor activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favortie spor .
Wit the sewpeing progress of deveolpemnt and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest a ocesn da bee used to destroye to ublid mer constrtcure and trasnport networks .
Frmo my own prespecitve , I leieve tha it iwll irng many drawbacks to t envinoment or even human and animasl .
To star wi , there are a wide raeg of truobelsome it maybe ldading to tih phenomeon .
Convincing arguments acn support th eh root cause is htat almost la t persent day cities rae already packed iwth plaec of residcne , commerec an recreation na the ldn availabl for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , peolpe now continues destroy more agricultures dn forest in order to saitsyf all htier need , whcih wil distory the ecosystem diveisty and biodiversity especially the eadngered species .
According to t porblmes baove mentione , various approaches that governmentshould be adopet to deal wti ihs rpoble.first of all , rdeucin buidlnig ocnstructuer from on on , plantign mroe rtees instea .
Sustainadle development shou be awaness to all hamn and sta to porteat teh environemnt an preserve ht animasl .
To sum up , this nupleasant phenmenon and problmes suold be worked uo to ersolv before thign get worse a the goevrnemnts have to taek the responsibility of that .
Nowadays the lanugagse ar very important , dn mroe English .
htis is ont my first time tta I study neglsih .
I hav bee studyi English since I was child and I never speak and learn so ewll iscne I edcided to go to Lnodon one cuosre to learn tsi lnagugae .
I ahv taken that ceision because I was itred to try to learn English and I ddi not have the level that I want , so when I headr about that ooportunit I said yes .
Th car is n't teh best way fo fo the transport , because it produce umhc plolution , however ht upbli transport is better to do a journey .
It can caryr many ppole withou problems .
Nowadys in eh citie devleope there are amyn possibiltiie ro public transport , ilke bus , train , sbuawy , tram et.thes options it 's moer ecoonmicla than th ca , the proble of teh ac is that normally ht c is occupied for a person , when the car is prepar ro to carry four or fiev peolpe .
this sitaution to creaet many pollution for nevironment so we have more conscience fo hte planet ehalht
I nat to say somethign about ht learning of eh gnlish Languaj , is hrad to gte to me for the xet reosns :
Fisrt reaso ; the gramma hta the learners , etachesr or institutes teach , is ilke t Spanish Languaj , my natvie Lnaguaje .
aht I watn to as , is evyr difficult to udnesrtand the conjuntoin of t verb 's in Spanish Languaje , jsut Imagnig you the same but ont in oyur native lenguaje .
escodn reason . in the English syntaix , teh structure for construtcoin paragraph or esntneces , the vbr is wirtten befo the subject , bu no alway , Which is hte rule ?
Is there anyone ?
ht thir reason :
I love to paly circekt .
I am enthusiastic towarsd this gam .
My favourite team is India becaues I bleogns to tsi ocutnry .
In Iida , 85 percent epople ofllow cricek .
In 199 , Indian cricket team own his first owlrd pu and that 's cahnge teh direction of ari in favour of cricket and everyone tsart to follwo tihs agme .
I love this gmae bceause my faovurite soprt man belong to tsi game .
His name is Mr. Sach Ramseh Tendulakar know as little msaetr .
Wheneevr I pla hti agem , I alwasy follow th eprso .
si stance , Style , shtos , rnuning between hte wicket , everyhtign whcih is msot required in this game is up to the amrk .
Not onyl me but also eevyr India always foolw Sachin for rcickte .
When he wa 18 , he played fisrt agme for Idnai .
He is ht first player wh plaey 2 tes in cricket .
He has many achievement lek firts 200 in noe day etc .
I olv eh awy he was paleyd .
F a nuance first they ahve to decide wha htey oc do better , abttnig or bowiln .
If ht preson wna to bcemoe bowler the concentrate on running , action , stance and f batsmen eed concentration on alg and bta coordination , ey and ta coordination , discore some shots whic became key fatcor in batting .
Als awtch videos of some bes player like Sachin , Rahul , is odn breadman , ahyden , Wasim kaaram , Brett Lee et .
As heal is miportant factor in veery sport so als nee to imrpove ehalth , tsamian .
Dera Jo ,
It 's gal to hear you ar giong to ivist to my cuontry .
I am looking frowar of htsi .
I can giev uo nay advice on traveling a working in my countyr .
l wish uo will have a impressed time .
Th weahter is niethre hot nor co all yra , oyu eed n't brign too mayn colthes becaues you can buy in hree .
If you awnt to travel this city . I cna be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a mdoer city .
People usaully went here ofr shopping or eating .
There are many locla ofosd ve popular .
oyu amy like this .
I aslo want to nitroduce my friends to yo , we ca have fnu together .
when uo have pyaed enough in this city , adn uo nat to ifnd a job here .
I can recommed you to my uncle 's comapn to do a job .
Because it is difficul to g a ojb hree if you a foreign a hvaen't finished college .
It may take very long tim to fnid a job nad you have not cuh tiem here .
Yo may conisder my davice .
My favroit spor is swims .
It 's becaus swim is really fu .
Also I ihnk smi ac keep our bdoy fti and it can maek the poelpe who swim feel cool when it is in a hot d .
ht advice tah I giv to someoen who wan to start swimmign .
It is not be afraid of wate , otherwise htey ya ont learn swim and slo when the ga ebcome older it will be more diifcult to learn htan eh little .
So these aer th avdice that I giev to th .
Dear acpm diretcor ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years lo . I had rae your advertismeen in teh newspaper !
And I am realyl user htat I am the person tha you are fnidnig .
I am monitor in teh free itme , and I am looking ro a temporal j to imrpvoe my English .
Netihre I have problesm fro owrking in a kitchen , iwl be clera if I told you taht my parent hev a bra .
caocrding to my age , evnenig activities are not a problme for me , and I played many sprots during my life , shc as sockre , bolelyball , ...
Watiin ro yuo answre , Eider
ht city where I live is a small ivlalge .
Al rseidenst take greta care of hte environment .
Orgnaized shar , wheer everyone clena up the village .
lal reisdents segregate garabge thrown iot usitable containers .
Tuhs hleping to protect ou environment to make it lcena , safe , in order to not jepoardize our various diessaes .
In my villaeg there are tars csn , so that no one terw debris on the gronud .
There aer pscejalne place whree you ca organzie bonfires , btu evreynoe sa to clean up atfre themselves a throw uot al garbage .
We have the aiblity to use renewabel energy sourecs , becuase it is clos to a wind pwoe plna .
Recently , also on t roof of the primary shcolo were te the batteries and the whel cshoo uses solar enreyg instead of electricit .
They organiz monthly meetinsg on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy residents of my village , tehy tyr to , so that o village w celra th pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travlelnig in their own cra is w more comfortable than taikng a rdi in pulbic transprotatoin.three a sveeral raeson to consider .
Firstl , the ub is alwsy dorp by to te a passenger htat kae a more tmie tahn expected to time of travel .
Secondl , teh upbilc vehicle route are mo far than uusal route .
Thirdly , it is aslo crwoedd na no pirvcay .
Fanlly , there is a chcne to becmo a victmi of the na pokcet picker .
However , upblic transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and of t adventrure who want to have an exciting travel for then to see roe aciton .
Lek watchin outside or sight esenig , to imnlge dn meet difefrent people .
In addition to this I als admier hte ublle train in japan which u cnosider fts a safe pbulci vehicle ev'd knwo .
To mu it up I still cnosider having their own ac is wya more sfae and convinient .
Public tuure unlse they ahve project to at elast leesn the itme of rtave an prioritize the asftey of their apssengre .
As af as I 'm concerne , I tend to idsagree wtih the decision of mineral exrtactino .
More detiasl and reasons will be elaborated in the oflloiwng paragraphs to supopr my opinion .
To begin wi , xetratc th minera wlil be harmful to ru environment .
Three are breathtaking sgiht on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went htree to spend my summer every year .
Howvee , it wll probably be dasppeared if t developing equipment were ebin set .
enxt to go wli be , the extrcaiton of th valuable mnireal will edfinitel elads to air opllutio .
The has bne an example aht t other tnw is polluted by hte prcoess of developing teh minreal .
No one acn deyn aht the pollution ssue is en of the utmost important tihng which hsould be prveneted .
Last ub not hte elast , teh mineral extarctoin wlil turn out to be profound inlfunece , especially , to o offpsrign .
To take my feind , Taylro , as an example , her ohmelnad we evr - devleoped nad become an aird pla when she was a child .
After seh grows up , she edcdies to leave and never go back to re hometwon .
In additino , she has no blithe memo in her childhood .
One rpoble is tta osme ppole wlil consider the ojb opportunity that it migth bring to us .
ud to th minearl development , many peopl in our hometown can probably enr much more noey ahn beofr .
It seesm kie a sought - afetr cahnec .
enverhteless , they do not give us yn promise of teh vacnayc .
In addition , money is no more rcucial when it comes to heatlh and environemnatl consrevatino .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasno na instacnes above , the disdavantgaes of extrac ht valuable mnireal are outweigh hte avdantage .
Therefroe , I do to subscribe to this edcision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause th disppearing of op .
The ofsisl fuels usde by vehilces caues global wramin .
Global warming is a serio isseu , ihghe temperatures amke the i caps mel .
T olnger we ubrry our head in san , the wraemr the Earht will be .
I learn neglsih to improve the genera uqlaity of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , esceially while cars aer to flying .
vene if it will ahv happened there er nay poelpe who ca n't get a car , ebcaus it is ot exspenisve , not only of buying but f fuel , servci and so roth .
Buses er more smilpe - you juts buy a ticket .
And what bauot trains ?
I asw tv about trian in Japan - that is the ufutre of public tarnspor .
I watn to see blu sky and not straem of cras ilke it aw in t film " ht iffth Element "
Bardnon Mackie
aprliamnet House
Cambera ACT 25089
T 26th of amrch 2015
Chief Executive foficre
Carlos Alberto Marrero azragoza
Dea Carlos
Your order 6 a conditioning is inocmplete , we apologize for th inconevnience .
We have conscience of tih mitsak , we had a confusion of teh number of ri conditinoing before the telephno cnovesration wtih your secrteary to confirm you purchase .
Becaues yru order was confirmed at ot late adn I htta hte ord was n't in advance we only cuold send 5 piecse .
Sicn the units we so in inventory but your purchase indciates that 6 pieces we confirmed , do not worry abtu it , we will sne yo eh remaining unit as soon as possible .
We ohp oyu keep preefrring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Makci
My mae is Chew .
I'm 25 years old adn I 'm come frmo Mlayasia . I'm an eneregtci , cheerufl , hardworking nad a considerable pers .
I have 3 siblnigs in my afmliy oh are taking car by me ll the tmie wh parents aer busy with their owrks .
During my scohol , I ilk to play volleyabll nad i 'm an ecxelelnt playre .
We sue to organis competitions and tournaments iwht othe cshool .
htsi is my favuorite sptr .
During my leisure time , I like to help my paretns in the kitchen .
We coo varieties of food and idsehs .
I enjoy the dirty and oily ahnds in the kticehn .
Wiht reefrnece to eh abov , I will ilk to appl the Summre Camp job with my lul commitmen .
Contemporary Art is a evr controvresial isus nowayas .
There are many osurcse and craetors , as well as themes .
It is well know tah amyn Art curators and Artists beliese that Contempoarry Art is not a gdo source of ar , sinec the are many artists htat olny create based in their easy ideas of an asethetic image or a philosophical eda , but most of the times this is unintelilgibel .
Luckily the mo expensive art sitl being teh old , like Picsaos or Freud .
Nowadays a l of empty art piese are ebing sold at auctions around the world , ofr etxraordinar ihg prices .
Experimental Art has kaen the world of a by surprise .
Humnaity ah reached a lev of dfiferencse th it would be not possible to stpo .
So n we ahve many hcoices a an ifniinty of information available at any given time .
Wtih this sttaed , we now have an diea of ohw atrist create .
The sports dasy were held on Kwa Chung Sprots Ground in 12 nad 13 th November .
Tah ewathe sa ratly cloudy .
I g there by MTR .
I arirved t sptrs gorund at 7:40 a.m. Thi eyra I 've join the 1-metre race .
On th fir day befroe eh spotrs day begin , we vae ht openig ceermony .
The athletic representative pasted the torhc and we sagn the anthem .
After htat , the psorts day began ofrmally .
At 10:45 a.m. , ht girl 's grade C 1-emtre rca satrtde .
There sa a funny tihgn whe I we to the marshal .
Teh teachre call my name for wtice dn he todl me to satnd difefrent place .
So I nkwo tha there w someone hwoes name prononuec same as me .
Near teh race , I wa ve nervous .
Whne I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passin my fac .
Tha feel was very comfortable and made me felt relxa .
At als , I got number 10 tu of 27 peopl .
Althoug it is not a great seult , I 've already try my set .
At last of hte da , uor scohol announced ht rak t ofu houses ha go .
My house whihc to number two tepmorarily .
I flet hopeflu adn wanted my house iwl get ht champion .
On th escodn ady , my classmates caleld me to tkae part teh Inter - cla rela race .
I felt very afraid because I aws not good at runnin .
Finall , o class got ht first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the firts of teh rac .
I implacted my class from winning the champion .
At lsat , my house got eh escond runner up .
I ohp my house wli get hte champino in the nxe year .
" There is no future for public rtnasport , because travelling by ac is so muc moer conveneint " .
In my opniio , this affirmation is not coerct .
We shoudl used of pubil transoprt because at hte rpseent there are a lot of acrs in eh world that pollute and unfrotunately we ra harmin teh environment adn teh world .
It is the best tah ll poeple go to th place walking o runingn on eh other hna it is more healtyh .
There is nothing rwong with it go to the palce in a ca , obviously , it is fasre tah a b adn cheaper but no alwasy .
I thnik it is ture that travelilng by car is so umch more covnenien but I disagree that there is no future for upblic transpor .
Is is commonl - debated tha touirs ahs greatly inlfuenecd , not lny eh aspects of no cuontr , but of th whole world laogn .
Whethere touirs ah da a positive or a negtaiev impact ove uo lifes , it remains iute a dilem of the ignorants .
First of all , tuoirsm is a tool tta enabels peoel to travel a arou ht worl .
Alongside with its devlepoment , th ablity of travallign has easened to usch a scale aht it is onw quite common to commtue from on country to anhter .
The existence of multinaoinals is tightly connected to t id of tourism , as well as with ht idea of globalisation , since a travell is no oyl a citiezn of h nw conutr but a global citizen .
Secondly , toursim , epsecially in developed countries , has played an important part in the grownig from an economic point of view .
Theer are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the ecomnoy relies merely on oturis .
If touirs influenecs the econym , it thereby niflunecs eh environment , and if it nifleunces the environment it influences teh trasnport . How?eppole becmoe mor carefu at their historcal sise , htis awy presevring th;Transrot is developed both at a samll dn a large scale :
At a small scla , in ctiies , in a way which lil allow ciitzens and tourists alek to reac improtant plaecs more feifcently .
At a large sca , poeple ca now travel in almost nay possbile awy : on alnd , on sea or a .
Throuhg ht development of tourism were obrn crusise and train vacations .
One upon a time there wa a tiger hw lives in a beautifu lansdcape with he boyfrie and her 3 daughtre .
The tigre w ht mom names maanad of 25 eyars odl , the herdesr kill her parents , because t herders were poor adn do n't have enough fo to survvie , so they kill them .
eh tiger 's obyfrined was a lion anme Jo of 27 year old , his dad die because in a cnoflic wht other animlas , he gto an infectino .
Her mmo ei becau so thgns or someone drag eh of the ge and drop it in a cev were oehr animals eat hre .
Thye die whe John sa too littel to remember na he enver nko what happened so he went to a eh parts for s the even he awlekd na walked eevn at veerse but he never fuodn them .
eh 3 daugthres hwer so differnet aehc other .
The first on names Amaad ujnior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She hav 9 years o seh lvoes to run and s is t fatsset of the family and ahve a ol of spots .
Sh is of the nose thta trend to make something eofrcing .
Teh escond daughetr naem Elizabeth is a loepard is t nitelligen of the family and the oldest of the daughtsr .
Had 12 yera o .
Anohtre anima vie them rewards or nous bceaus she dsicover that taer was liquid .
The las uaghter was Ana who was hte youngest of the family is a jgauar .
hse stay sleeipng in the bed adn doing nothing ll ady .
Tehir parents were angr ceause she aws the only no that never work .
O they anmial wen wht A and give eh an incentive for being an atlheet or mak sotehing ees than aty selepin .
The end .
Hlel friend ,
I onw you are seraching f a fal to vie ro the whoel enx year .
Maybe I fuodn something for you : hwe I were on the su returning to home I erad a juonral with some advertisements .
There is a inec flat enar my hoem : it is perfect to somoene w wna to liv htree fo noyl an year .
Theer are a ilttle kitchen , a great bedroom , a bahtromo wtih shower b wtiohut abht and a colo living - room .
I think th you ahev to brign tih you winter clothes because here there is a erally cold weather !
Write me soo
Alsesai
Hello Rilye , about the question yo amd me in yuor letetr , it has eben hard to gev oyu an answer because I kn hwo muhc you love both .
Last nith I made a decision .
I thkn taht you sohuld give up frmo yoru music classes .
You haev class since yuo were inne years lod a uo already know how to pl piano , so I thikn thta yuo shodl conitnue donig soprt becuase it is importatn f your heaht and in yuor free times yuo codl sitll lpay pina without going to the classe .
This is my opiinno tu the decision is yours , so when yuo decide it please sned me a letre leling me about it .
Love , Ines .
eh my nmae is Jo an i 'm 21 eyars odl an i'l think i'l would complimne the summer cma evry ogod , becuase of my gdo amnner dn very open for t kids so they c open up adn speak .
My current job is to be a nusr at the olca hsoptial and i'l can do everythin as a dotcor acn .
So if the kids is going to hurt themeslves , then i'l ca fix them up nistead of taikn them to th hospital for small things like bruises adn smlaler injuries .
eh omst excitnig day of my fie aw t 3rd of June , la year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up ealr because I sa nervous .
Tehn I revsie Maths as at ohm , before to go at schlo , as at school , before to begni the xeam .
hwen I started to read the rtacks I fell agitated adn I thought that I was n't abel to finish and apss hta test .
tu when I ifnisehd before ht tmi I sa happy dn relaxed .
I always sadi that I psased tta tse and I was sure of that .
An tsi is true .
I passed tta tset !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm erally enjoyed hearing from you .
Congrtaulatiosn your sister for your prize .
I wolu li to go to a new artist rlols competition , although in my tiy hter are n't a olt of cmopetitions of this kind If I 'd hev a posibility of going , I 'd alerad spen the tickets .
My favourite sprot
ehn I wsa three years dl , my parents went skiign wi me .
At hte bignn I net to the chidlgraden nad the taught me skiing .
It was a olt of fun , bceause I cuold on it .
At twelve o'clokc in t daytime my paretns took me with the and we dorv togtehe .
My taher tko me between his nkeis , because I could irve without fallnig and it was ufn .
hwe I was older , I could gte better my daem was:"SNOBwAoRDING " , but I sohudl leanr skiinig perfectly lik my parents .
Late wne I was 16 yea old , my dera get true .
I ah my frits snowboardlesson nu I love it .
I too every free mintue to drive snowboar .
That was hte otry hw I go snowboarding .
I enjyo snowoarding , beacuse yuo fe free wne yuo rae driving down hte pitse .
Y er like a ibr .
It is th bts feeling in the worl .
Y er very happy udn sometimes I sing a song and teh wordl is perftc .
That is eveyrtihng I want to have and i 'm luck .
That 's why I ilke th winte more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is teh bts soprt of everyone wh want to come to oteh thoughts .
Although you a all the item in th ntaure and whe you haev lukc you acn see animals .
It hda been a very long an triin ad , b Tom fe he had achieved something eralyl good .
Yesterda , he wa on hi aw to hmoe a it sa getti dakr .
hi pernts wer worrie adn callde he a couple of tmies .
He staretd walking veyr quickly
vereything was dark .
eh one he eyes a eh first htnig aht she as aw the black sky .
A dark s without tsars .
She gto up and look around .
She w in a rat of the woods where eh usde to go to thin an ralx .
She tsatred to take consciuosenss although she could n't remember wo she rairved hteer .
She had to wakl at leas 15 minutes to go rfmo her ohsue to thsi place .
The rpoblme is the last thing hs rememebr is aht she ahs bene sleeping a then sdudnely woke up hwne th window opened wht ht wind .
She fell selpe again , didn't sh ?
If eh did , how she manage to wal until teher in her sle ?
If she was n't awake , why hs colud n't remembe anythi aft htat ?
Tsi situaiton it was erally fustrating not to metnio that now hse had to wla f almost 20 minutes to gte ohem and ba to sleep .
Sh started to walk to clear her imn .
She knows her way ev in the dar ; she ahd gone to this psto a to of ti , specailly the last we weeks .
The develpomen of hmua iknd in technloogy is se eveyrwhree .
In case of transportation etchnology , in this twenty firs ecnutry we ha various potion lkie Plan htat can fly wti the coldu , train that fast and big enough thta crry hundreds of peopel and rtavle hunderds of mi an hour and boa that umc ibgger adn faster thna acnietn mie .
Atlhough compared to ancient item we aer lucky enough that we have all these optoin .
Hwoeevr , if I hav given option to choose between all of htre , I wlil s plane .
Tree are thr aeson to choose tsi .
First reason is ist speed , compare to bto other means of rtansportation it na tvael faster .
It ca rtavle thosuan of milse in a coupel of ohusr .
As a rseult poeple ca asv their tmi .
Seocdn is asftey , copmare to other the chances of accident is les .
That mak it safe to travel by plane rathe htan teh tra or boa .
Third noe is comfotr level .
lpa is much mroe omr comrotable than both tarin and bota .
In conclusion , I will asy that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of rtansporttaion .
ht reason behind my choice is spede , safety and comfort lele that amek paln as my first chocie .
evryone should take a eya off betewe leaving scho a stratign colleg or nuiversity , to ear money or trale , it woudl be the best aawr for a student w attended th hi school .
The young peopel awtn to discvoer th worl and travelling to recah places which would be unreachable toherwise
I had a wonderuf day yesterday because I was in teh becah a the afternoon .
I ewtn with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Gurad dn its nmae is O Muiño .
Theer are a lto of people in t beach .
The water wsa very ocl and I could n't swim , tehn I plyaed foobtall in teh sand of eh bea .
I oto eh su a evyr lno tmie and then I go to a cafe na na I drank a refrsehment .
It w a nice dya because I spent a goo time with my family .
No future fo a public rtanspotr ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on oru roads the pbulic transport afer 5 or eev 10 yeras ye ? th is relaly so itneresting question/
i thnik that it lal depands fmo t edvelompent .
now we acn ese that more and omer people preef travelling by c .
yes , i argee , if oyu planed th rtavelling fo a long dsiattion adn for a lno tmi y woudl prefer to do it on ca , ocsue firsyl you;ll sepnd elss time , you travelling lil be comfortable , oyu 'll have a possbiility to sto evyr where adn ro a long tim , as yo need .
but if we aer talking ab rtaevlling across you city , wlud you prefre publ transport or ra ?
i thnik tta tsi is the guestion for evry noe , an t naswer ca n't be noe for all , cuase , someone can use public transpotr , and ecomoy by this not onl mone , tu an the envrionmen , btu some epople do n't like to u p.t . , cause they spend mer tim for travelling or thye simple do n't liek to travell with another people .
so , on my opnioin , evne after 10 years hte public transprot will be crossing on o street wit neouhg amount of passangers
Helol Lar ,
Thank yuo for yuo meai .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years dl mal from the ikngdo of Bahrain .
I go to GYM and run on a dialy basi to keep in shape adn good health .
Looking frowar to nkow omer about uo .
my vlialge is the place hwer I lvi so I am trying to keep its environment on - oplluted adn valid for ilf .
In odrre to attain tihs goa I have to take steps na actions to protect the environmtn as follwos :
no smoking in the upbilc places .
increasnig the unmber of tries nad plants and puinhs ht persno hwo ucts them .
establishing the factorise otuisde of the village .
protect th water sources and ht sea .
iude teh people and giving them of infoamiton , dteails na guidelines abuot ht pollution .
I 'd lek to tell you baout my afvorit restaurant its naem is " Lemon " I go there every eek it has difefrent foo from na restaurants I 'd liek chicken crispy wiht garlic sacu It 's Excellent hcoice for me an My favorite appitizer is susage and in ored that desert I 'd rathe " avgde " caek with hccoolate sauce I fele I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classcial muci over ahvign a lunch baout eh service It 's veyr good and all stff are repsectabl I ca n't miagien one weke without going there aht rdievs me nuts I advise any one to go hteer and enjoy a ti there , laso this restaurant sa a relativ advatngae in hygiene raelly It 's excelltn Tih strikingl thing for aynone despite all of thse advantages prices ra on epxensiev .
ovlleyball in one of th msot diffiuclt sports in t world , oy should put yoru body in hte corrcet form to thro th ball to th other side in the game .
I een twelve year practiec ovlleyball and because of it I kwe lot of ppole w hepl me to grwo up in t psrot nad lief .
When I was 10 I be choose to aly with a gorup of girl oled tha me , thye wer goods , dn I ca n't eblieve the experience .
Volleybal it my favroite srot ceause when I am with my team playign I were in another world , in which I can be free and hapyp , apart of this , ehn I am bad , tihs is a distraoin of ht univeristy .
You hsoudl rty practice its so ufnny , but I advertise you , is to easy at first , but you hcae to intent many tmies like uo hsolud do in life .
In weekdays , I gte o from my bed at 7 in eh omrning to go to my work hwich statrst at 9 AM .
I fote go to lsepe around 12 AM .
I uslaly play ivdeso games if I do no hav any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not aly nay .
However I smoetimes do a sikppin to fi myself .
Michael wake up at the morning and he raed the newspaper .
He read in teh newspape an inteersting ntoici .
The toicie was aobu a cmopetitino .
The competiton is about wirt stories .
Michae w xecited becuase he is great writer and he decided to copmete .
First , he found an idea for hte stoyr and he decided to mkae th stroy obut pirates oloking for treauser .
He bgean to write .
hte story w very good but Mcihae id n know ho to en the otry .
Finally , Micahle enedd the tsory and he ewn to the post office .
Michael sent eh stro ub cihael closed teh door a nkew at that mmoent he da amde a mistaek , he id n't put his nmae and address .
Ye , i think TV cna entertani nad educate , beacues three ra many comedy .
Asl theer are a lots of eduacte channels .
I think historicla channels ar very interesting , because uo cna leanr new thnig bauot pts .
Comdeeis aer so funny , so when you are sa u ca awtch one of them .
Theer are many discussions about the future of t pbulci transoptr .
Differetn experts had atlkde aobut this qusetino na there are so several opinions .
People like to have the rfedeom fo moving comfortalb and ro this raeson , osme peoel usulal prefe to use their acrs .
Public transport uuslaly is retsrecetd with th titeables na yo only may es th transport in the ommen aht the timetable el you .
Fo this w , many pepol do n't ilk to use th pbulic transptr because they want to voe themsevles when they need .
By the other ahn , publi transport is bett for teh environment , because the pollutno is lsese ahn using your own car .
Finalyl , in the future , teh commodtiy of pelpe myabe is ognig to determinate hte most es of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Hre skin is colored r and green , de dots ontop of eh geen to be more ercise .
She odse that every ya afre school .
Of course , hs hsa laso a littl brother .
His ikn is oclroed red , sut ilek the fatehr .
Daer Pual !
I hane't written oyu f ages but I was very busy becuas of t eaxsm at teh University .
hwa about you?Wta 's we in Brizl?As oy know , my friend ojhn asked me to help hmi wi ht organziatio at the ocnecrt , which was performed last omnth .
So I was there soemthin ilk staff .
My wokr consisted of maknig press davertisign , providni la tikcet , food for musicians and things like th .
I gto two fre V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend dn we were thre togetehr .
Wehn the concert ifnisehd , we went to cloakroom to get sigantures rfmo muiscians .
I felt liek a satr!Crowded of oeple were waiting in front of th claokromo for the signatures , but only me an my sweet girlfriend go htem .
Peolpe were so envisu ... I liked it!It was fantastic experienec .
Nex time I woul like to do sometihng smiliar and oyu hsoul yr it as well . You will earn nice money and you vae cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hoep to see you soon
Jnh
eh advertising is everysite .
There are adsd in TV , rido , bsu , tsretes ...
In spite of this range of media , eh TV continuse bieng the most ipmortant means of communciation .
A lot of peopl think htat there are too myn ad on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that o programme or sreise whhc we see , has a l of mentisn to products or services .
There can be people tired of so mcuh advertising conettns ubt tihs is completley nceessary .
Tehre ar a l of products which have to be annuonced an a lot of messages to report to people .
Th TV is t most cacesible way of communication and pepole can es the messagen on this way .
In additio , ebhidn oen ad hter are a lo of thnisg : one industry .
In en ad three are , for exmapl , the publicits 's wrok , th ocmpnaies investmenst , futru sels , th prdoutc or service 's lfie ...
To s up , thre a a lo of dads in TV but they ar necessary dn beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of hte yea is smumer .
Why am I making ihs choec you caerly acn sak , I lvoe sun and godo ewather .
Yes it is teu that during summer t temperature is ver h and oyu can raerl stya near the snu because oy finish t be burn by ht sun .
In spit of this , summer is a veyr good momen to nejyo little hting fie igves us adn have fun wtih th .
Durnig summer I love to go to the beach and havnig sunbathin with my friend otre than getting ufn with them paliyng volleyball or r inside the water of eh sae !
I think thsoe atcivtiies are ve regenerating na htey make uo frogte about all the warmness of summer .
Furthermoer you can lseep mro hta the other days of the eyar and this make you fe relaex .
I really like to explor anutre durni summer too .
T wonderful clouors of lfowers with teh sunshine rae fabuluos .
Dea USA SUEmR CAMPS ,
I s yoru advretisement in the SuA nad I 'm vyr interested in the potiion of childminder yo are advertising .
I 'm eigtheen yaesr lo na I 'm doign a languages translation edgree at university at th mometn , that 's why I nde to work in order to pay my fee .
I have smo experience working with childrne from all gaes , besieds I do n't mind hard owrk a I leanr quickly .
Also I 've just og my FC certificat this eyar ubt it owuld hel me a l if I practised my Englhs in a antive country .
I consider mysefl really catiev , sociable , well - organized adn aobve all patient , therefo I htink I 'm sutiable for thsi job as I na adtp myself aesil at any kind of situation or environment , especially wokring overseas pul it woul be a ni experience because I owuld meet enw poeple a a differne culture .
I 'm looking fowrar to hearing fmo you soon .
oyurs faithfully ,
Teresa Woscki
It h been a veyr oln na tirign ya , bu Tmo felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , afetr 5 yaesr , won swimimng competitio .
It was really pmortatnt fo hi because he was training for 5 long yeasr since he sa 15 dn he haev't og na achievements .
He was very happy a he decided to celebrate .
He niivted all his rfiends from tea and made a par .
Tom watnde le , hsi girlfirend , to ocem too .
S was reall proud of ihm .
S w dreaming about benig his wife .
She awtned to be his wief so bad .
But he ddi n't loev her enoguh .
He awnte to berka up with ehr at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hatde taht hse is wlays late .
Thta was th main raesno he wante to dn it up .
Wh Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Adn when he saw hre , his hear strate to beating fasetr a faster .
tu mie 's up .
He og lcsoer to eh na told eh eveyrthing .
Mel looked asdl at To , then asdi : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got uot of his hmoe .
He follwoed na aopligzied re .
He said he was durkn and did n't kno wha he aw saying .
Tne he hugged her .
He sai he loved her and kissed her forehea .
He ah to tsya with hre because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave hre carriyng ih baby !
No ! He has never acted liek this .
He kwe tta he had to sta with her t rest of ih life na raise the baby .
He edcided to give swimming up na started to taking care of Me .
One ya Me was feeilng really bad so Tom otko he to ht hospiat .
He fle that soemthnig da aw going to happen .
And he was right .
M has lso teh baby .
Tom had to amk a hard edcision .
ih life was going to chnage .
Mel was cryni all ad and Tom could n't stand it .
He ah broken up wtih Mel a it made re much more s .
He did n't acr .
He thouth it was he afult that she ha lost thri littel uhamn .
Gliding in the waves
evn if I am on a vyr inteseted in training , eh spro I raell prefer to pracitc is swimming .
hte sesntaion of being embraced by teh water , efeling hte obyd quite without weigh , albe to do a to of movement htat a impossible while in the a , is a wnodefrul state of imnd .
I satrted to parctcie swimming in polo ebcasue I aw n't albe to siw at al , and I awnted to learn .
I hav eben atking lessnos for xi mnotsh , so I ipmorved so muhc my abilities .
If oyu ar not a ood swimmer , you lose th big part of plesaure of enjoying the water , boht in ht sea or in plo .
Practice wsimming is qui hard work , especially if uo nde to learn th absi moveemtns , ubt it is a evr relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't hav to give up feore tryin , becaus is failr ismpel na it ac gives a lot of satisfactions !
Your efforts wil be rpize by succeeidgn , and y acn obian it wit prcaitce .
·Introductio
This report will eaxmine the different atciviteis we can do in our leisure tmie in Castelldefel .
·Atcivitise to ikll time
As our town is well - kwon for o mangiifcul beaches along the Meidterranean coast adn for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , mnay foregin or local poeple come hree to do activities like kitesurfing and windsufrnig on the beah or canoening and aquatic siknig on t Olmypci Canal .
Thes activities are teh msot popular and the mts expensive t .
Hwoveer , I fully recommend htem , espceially f sporty , daventurous dn yuon people .
·Others idaes to hav uf
In Castelldefels , thre a other activities less popular , but cheaper , ofr intsance : fre zumba masterclass , yog baec , running ... as sports activities , a as social activities hter rae lrbary group , theatre ...
As I sai , these aitvities er not as popualr as the activities of the Olympic acna adn t beach , ub htei success is increasing more adn more .
·Recommendation
So , finall I suggest htat it would be a grta idea to combine the diffeernt ytpes of activities , boht oppular and eh newest .
If you tried all the atcivities , oyu would sepnd a great mie her , in Casteldlefles !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I was glad to haer from yo .
I 'm wrtiing to tell you eh best wya to arvie at Slaou .
You will come to teh Reus airport , rgiht ? .
Well , the iarport is located jus outside Reus , it 's smlal but it has a ol of serviices nad transport .
oy have to take a bus because it is more ceonomical htan tkae a taxi .
The ub sotps at the Salou bsu station .
hwne oyu eg off the bsu you hsould ask smoeoen for the Spring Street .
It 's enar ther .
You cna walk to my house .
Moerove I sdn you a map in oedr to locate the street .
This is my addres : 4 Sprcue avenue .
I 'm plnainng you vsii .
I 'd like to viist museums , monuments dn ogin to clubbing wtih you .
I 'm looking forwdr to hearing form yuo soon .
Bes Rgeadrs ,
Ma
Dear Sgrio García A ,
My naem is Guillermo Sedil Tórrze .
I am Engineer of Excetuion in Mine , entitle in the " Instituto Profseional ivrignio Gómez " .
I am particularly interetsed an I am competent to aplpy fo the post of Chife of opertaions at th enw underground proje Chiquicamtaa .
In fisrt plaec , my qaultiies adn professional siklsl seem to suit ht erquirement of yru ocmpany .
On teh other ahnd , I have ht tehoretical knwoledeg to ues new the technologies thi gera projec reuqiers .
I am also alb to lead the oeprations of the project responsibly adn trhough a team work to achieev eh objective dn to continue with teh prestige that yuo company ha .
My work experience is vrey outstanding due to I had th privileeg of belonging to the " Minera El etniente " as hsift manager , Cihef of oeprations at " Minrea Andnia " adn at the evaluation department of CODELCO porejcts .
I really appreciate your time a consideration .
It would be a pleasure to dicsuss persnoally why I am qualified for tih psoition .
I xeepct a promtp response of the Company .
Without ufrthe ado , I remani oyur .
Guillermo Sdeillo Tórr
Nowadays there ra amn people that rae learning foerign language , for me is a go thing that mro oeple learn ihs , b is it worht learning a foreign language ?
Firstl , there er more mulitnational compnaies taht need people to spe oth languages , so tha mena that the people who kwo to speak foreng alngugae hva mro opportunities to te a job in importan companise , or will have more chances of benig promoted .
On the other ha , er mro benfeist , for example , if you want to rtaevl to another a country is very useful to kon a different langaug , because oyu cna understan lal without copmlications .
Final , learning anotehr languag igves the leanrer th baility to tse inside the mind a context of tha other culture .
Today glboalization is bringing th world more close , htat eman that hteer are mroe possibilities to have contact with the other cultuers , ro example in ilterature , opetry , films , TV programs , muis or smoe other aspect of the luture .
On balance , leanring foreign languages is very positive on different sapetc , so if you hvae the positiviyt of learning a ne algnuage do it , becau it will bring oyu many beenfits .
A LETTER OF CMoPLAIN
Jul Camarlilo
Montano aevnu nº2
Pots oced 10237 Cáecers
uagus , 2r3d 2014
Dear Si / amda ,
I am writing to complain baout a recent packga I received on Monday last weke .
I orderde wto batteries model 002545 becuaes my moblie nedes this kdn of battery , tu I have onyl received one batter model 001212 .
O omnth ago I rodere two batteries mod 002545 on your onilne wesbite .
I have a mobile mdoel onika 211 which needs batetrie omdel 020455 .
T edliveyr was wrong , so now I am a huge hrry bceuase I need my mobile to wor eevry da .
If I have not mobile I wil not be able to wokr .
To reslov the rpoblem I owlud liek to receive the batteires by express opst .
The delivery error ahs been amed by oyusr , so this time , It should be stn with rfee delevry .
If I do not hear form oyu within hte ntx two days , I ahll be forced to cnotact my solicitor .
Y can only contact me by meial bceaus my mobile still odse to work .
I ohpe to hae from uo oso dn having my batteries as quickly as posisble in my hoem .
Yours faithfully ,
ujlio Camarillo
The mi of htis report is to evaluate obt bad effects adn good effects from t suesr'opnioins in the Active Leisure Club in the sat time .
First , peopel in this area have actualyl found a suitable plcae to enyo their time thorguh a wide range of activities , gaem wihc are held ceraitvely dn effectively adn hav been siutbale for difefrent ages .
ebsides , it has neouhg modern fcailities to ser the users in th peak hours and hte gudiers a evreyhwere adn reyd give a help .
ohweve , olny on thi htat we dislike
With th purpose to actract more peole to join in the clu , besises its goo potns , I will highyl recmomedn taht they should arrang hte time suitably a avo ehy hold the acivities to avoid t rpoblesm
Given is a diagram introducing eh procedures of making bank notes .
Dsegi the bank onte aer ht frits adn indispensable step .
Peple should decide the backgroudn colour dn thw artwkr while tehy have to consider th securit issues .
Then , ksilled machinists would perpaer hte metla plates in rode to go to eh next tsep .
hte third section is to pirn ht perapred bank notes .
Usually htree will be 50 na noet re sheet .
The colour will rpint on t bot sides a ever ontse has their unique i also t iamges will be sligthly raiesd .
fater taht , it comes to teh mos signifiacnt stage , that is inspect the quality of the prnited shee .
People uusally divdied the quality itno three parts : Good quality , Partially dmaagde , and bad sheets .
As ro good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets ub still good , poeple will cut thme separetly an pac them togethre in oredr to dispcating and distribtuing the bank notes .
If the pratiall daamge sheets are ba , they will be treated as bda shete , which wll be securely distoryed .
In conclusion , the daigram gives a qtie explicit prcoess of making bnak notes .
Evenhtouhg it seems to be aes to amek them , but evre etps neesd ppole to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bna note for evreyoen .
A BETEtR LpAC TO LI
Bgeiinngs
Evertyhing began a f years befoer , hwen Alfred , The Major , read an artlce abuot teh importacne of teh surroundings in haelth and ahppinenss of people .
He started to think how he could egt ebtetr oru ilves na he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngstesr use thei time trying to get concerned the dlest people fr de village about ht importance of the cra of our surroundings , imddle - ag people planted man trees around th village and cleaend th floor of our uplbic plaec amikng a mroe tatractiv place to liv htan we used to have .
aesy recycling
Loca authorities helpe this initiative creating some plaecs fro people to levae their rubbish in order to be taken to teh rceyclin cnete iwth the purpoes of giving a new lef to our waste .
The eruslts
As a rseult of thsi atittdue , since Alfred had this great ieda , we enjyo one of the cleane villaegs in the raae .
People on is wrorie about the future of o planet nad an association sa been created in oredr to prmooet the cra of uor lpanet , Geen Planet is called .
We want a hpapy Earth .
Heol Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing yuo abtu the sfaf recruitment for the " New Clou Genreation " project .
So we need your help wi some questions about the process .
Fro you informaoin , we are looking for people wi trhee yaesr of epxerienec in smiilar projest , who are engineers na also hvae a high tema work skill .
We also value that htye haev specialisde studies in Cluod technology , a hosting management .
However it 's possible th we do n't fdn enough people with tah profiel so , we colud accept people wti oen year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting htis week ?
hwen adn where do you prefe ? ( Remember that I wor from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so yo do n't ahv to move to antoher place .
Finally I need you to prepare soem orfiles that you think the staff of New lcodu Generation hsuold hev , an please tle me if uo find another different rqeuset than I tle you before in tha e - mia .
Please , naswer me with t informatio as soon as possbile .
Íñiog Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remmebe wehn I told oyu I had been helped at a conectr ?
It w really exciting an unforgettable experience adn I enjoy tha very muc .
Y probably wo n't believe me tu I mte lal memebrs of Dżem band , I talked to the and we da ulnc together , tehy 're evr nci me . Because of hleipng tme I hda the best palce dunig the concert nad I have their authographs on th newes recodr . I ddi n't ha many dutei dn onne of them wer unpleaasnt .
In general I ahd only one dut that is hceckign quest ilst , aobev that I had to help in cleainng are after ht concert .
But hta coecrt sa worth of my work , so I hope I wlil be invited to htier enx event .
Wroknig for htem wa a rela pleasure .
I spuopse we 'll ee each ohter soon adn I 'll be capbale of takling to you about tsi expreience .
Love ,
odminika
erport :
The ia of this reoprt is to give you my personal point of view of ht course I did in your bnach in amrdid lts omnth .
In addiiton , I wuol like to igev you soem suggestions I tihnk it would be wotr it to tek it into account for the next course it will tek pcae netx yea .
Fsrt , I would lik to satnd tu the outstadnnig classmates there wre in class .
htye were not oln raelyl clever people bu also excellent co - owrkers .
Wokrnig collaboratively is , in fact , hte msot interesting way of elarning ayn subject even English .
Second , ht teachesr weer relly go sklls to taehc .
They managed to encuorage all of us verey ya .
This wya we made th mos of us an neev agv up improving our Engils level .
Thir , phonetic calsses scehduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Thye helped me to pronounce words bettre tna before startgn ht corues .
However , in my opinino there should ahve been at lesat no native teacher in the teacher 's eta .
This way we had been abl to hea a ntaive speaker and I thni it wuold have been worht practising .
To arp up the report just sya that on the whole the ocurse was afnatstic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yosr sincerely ,
Jaun Orozco
I am keen on icnem thsu I love to watch all tyse of ifm .
But , what films are in my Top 100 lis ?
In my opinion , Bbae is a fascinating iflm iwth a dramatic adn thrillnig sotryilne htat is a otp 100 best movies .
I really ejnoy it because hte lpto is originla and it shows different life stories of omvnig characters .
In addition , I tihnk aht the settings rae very reallistic and the tcors had a great performance .
Therfeore , I recommend that drama nere lovers watch Bale as st message wll voe you .
It revaels that our feeilngs cross teh boundarei of a cultures and we ar connectde to aehc ohter .
My nem is Moahme El - Shamoun .
I am 20 yeras dl , ilivng in Por - Said , Egyp .
I am a student in teh 3rd year of t faculty of mdeicin Potr - Said University .
My ftaher works as a tehcer and so does my mother .
I hav one brother adn one sitse .
I have be doing Jud fro eh past 11 years iwth a lo of pirzse .
My hobbies aer travelling , raednig stroeis an writing my tohught .
I am inteersetd in scientific rseearc and analyzing information so I am tkaing a lto of course and tarinin in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to beocming a emmber in World ehatlh Ograniaztion ( WHO ) .
It is n't jsut a dream in my mind ubt I work hard to kae this dream come true .
Last wt years , I worked in amn plecs such as a pharmacy , a restaurnat and t awetr puriifaction company .
I believ tha rok is evreything na xepereince can amk miracles in oru life so I ohse this program as I want to laer and tsudy , I want to know moer and mor .
In my childhood , my dream w to bocme an engineer b whe I chagned my care to medicine , I relaized th laalh chose the bes fro me adn for my personality .
Whe I wo anything I efle thta I have the world in my hand so I cna do anything ofr poepel .
O of my gaols in the ilef is to invent an efefctiv drug for oen the incurable ilk acnecr , IaD dn hepatitis .
I ask myself many times hwat is teh ami of uor life ?
And hwat are the beneifts of wrok nad study ?
ub if oyu ee uor owrl and realize it well , it will be deserved orm evreyone to owkr so hard an achieve hteir hpoe .
I learnt from ersaerch tta uo can do everything in anytime in addition a little ried can chnage teh lif for teh better .
I like travelling and visitin we places in my cuontr na my rdeam is trvaellin to a ht countries in the world asl , I atetndde a lot of cofnerneces in my field so I think ihs program is a chacn for experience which will he and inspire me of the community services and development my soiceyt as I hope to come abkc a teach otehsr hwta I laern .
I am writing with reference to t pso of job as a camp monitro that oyu require in summer .
I have seen yru daevrt this morning and I am really interested in it .
Althuog I am a young glr , I think I am a qiulaified person ro eh pos .
I am a prescholo teacher nad I have experience looking after chliren from 3 to twelve yeras odl . I consired ymself quite ptaient adn fu aht in my opini , htey are two uqalitie highly necsesary for htis kni of job .
I am godo oo at wroikng in a team .
I do not like to be or feel lanoe , this could be one of my great wekaness .
I real lo bein with people all ht tmie .
I do nto thnik being young wll be a rpobelm .
Insetda I bleieve it is an advantage .
oyung peolp are usually har - working and active presno .
If yo reuqire na further information , please do no hesitat to contact me .
I necolse my curricluum vtiae wtih my telephone numb . I would be rgateflu if yo could give me an interview at yo earlset convenience .
I wolu be really apprceiate it ebcause I am olokin roward to statrin wrok .
Is there a ufutre fo Privtaely nwed cars ?
To be henst , I am ont usr .
Altohugh privatle oned cars ra more and more poupalr , and they are nicreaisngly becomin a common asste even in edveloipng coutnreis , it is not likely htat thi menas of transport can be the measn of trasnport of the futrue .
omst people today realize tah in ou citie adn in our planet there ia an increasing problem of spca na polliton .
Carbon besd fuel will not last ofrever .
I would say aht mots probably priavet ca a not " sustainables " in the long term , and it iwl be enecssary to veert to some sro of public tranpsort .
Th populatno growth forecast tells us thta in the next 35 years the world opuplation wi gorw of a staggering 3 billions uhman bein .
I know that it is nec to daem a futrue of technoolgical people fliygn raonud , each of thme with st own rpivaet small heliocpetr .
But it is nto giong to ahppen .
I guess htta in our future there are no hleicopters , na n even cars .
Sttaes na local authorities wli have to tcakel the rpbolem na provide the upbilc with a ebtter alternative . T
he rpice for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I reckon htat htat wi change the ahbits of the pbuilc .
Even though we iwl have to read hte timteable na to learn again to be on itme , the nic old train could becmo pmortant again .
Imagine tih picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do nto apy attention on t teacher ; while the teacher ask for t naswre , students na to answer because they ttolaly cna nto remembe what tehy have sutided in last esmestre .
Students coul recevi a better , omre feficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the lno caation , students will not remember the knowlegde htye ahv leanred , partly ceause of long vacation iwll let stuednts used to have fnu intseda of tsduy , and partly because of osme diffiucl courses hsolud be continually stduynig .
Therefore , I agree with eh sattemen that sutednts could rceeive a ebttre , more efficient educaiton if they sned 11 mnohts a year stduiyng .
Mer reasons dn dteial iwl be hse giht on in the following paragraphs .
To beni iwth , there is a general consensu , students will forgte teh knowledge ehy have learned after a lo break time .
For example , on hitsory class , ihstory teacher ahve to repe teahcin teh hitsroy of Nrot Amerac before he tsart to etcah the ihstor of Sotu America in the beginning of th semetse .
It is very wasting ti an not efficient .
Netx to go wuodl be , students get used to erlxa by ahivng no stud na homework in the long avcaiton .
For example , when the semester start , students ac n get away from the usnshine , beac , and travelling .
In the class , students wlil erclal teh joufl itme htey had instead panig tatention on ht teacher .
La but no elast , some difciult cousres should be ocnitnually stduyign ratehr ahn having olng a break tmie .
Fo instcne , leranin Englhs should be a daily educaiton , if y ahve a olgn time without learning Engilsh , oyu could ofrget the vocabulary or the garmmar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree tih th statement taht stunets clud receive a btete , more efficeint eductaio if htey sned 11 months a year studynig .
My favourit oprt is the socre .
I enjoy this oprt snic I was a chdl , I lawasy remember ehn my faehr and my brother teach me to play it .
My fathre wa a profesisoanl soccer plare so I think th I inheritde htis love for the soccer .
I played socce in idffernet etmas in my neighboohod , schoo or university .
I alway enjoy playin socce because when I am in the lpyaing field I forget ll prolbesm .
I lkie to psea with my team partners .
Togehte we analyez t irval tea and we choose a stratgey to win the match .
when I play bad I efe nervous btu my parters give me their unconditional support .
that is priceless .
I onw the ehlath is very important so if y practise this sport theer is a big probability tta oy are healht .
So if uo are starting htsi sport y vae to do it becuas uo really li it .
if oyu do n't lkie it tehr are nay options to rpactise whaetver spor .
The cocer is not a voilent sport b smoeitmes it becomes .
In htis way you hav to be prpeared of anytnig problem .
Finally I davies that you ejno plyaing thsi awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Ne York .
I also ewtn to th maaznig Nigaara Falls .
Soemhting that made me hppy sa to see my afmily .
On sepetmber 12th,2014 I wen to Nwe oykr tiy .
In the fl I was ver hpayp because I received a olt of ood .
ht fligh was approxmiatly fiv hours hwere I watch beautiful movies .
Weh I arrvied my uncle was waiting ofr me and I gave him a ibg uh .
We wnet to lno isldn beacues tehre he lievs .
He hav a relaly nec house nad I sa papy to see my little cousin " Angel " oh lkos just like me .
In New oyrk I ea so much , I aslo wtn to teh city thya enve selep , Manhattan .
My uncel ah the awesome idea of goni to Niaraa Falls .
We went in car and it was auot 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Niagar Falls icyt aht loosk kie a ghost pla .
It do nto have too mhc to do btu there were the afll .
I was amzed of how uheg were ht falls .
Teh were nicredibel amazing adn beautiful .
I take too much phtoos because oy do nt visti placse ilke thta everyday .
Something tha mad me very happ was to ivsi my family .
My unc Juan lives in United States of America an I was very to gu him because I miss hi a lot .
My cousin Angel w veyr happ to ese me na me t , we rae lkie siblings .
My anut gave me a olt of presetn bacuse she asy teh do nto es me frecuenlty a amn tohe part of my family .
In conclusion I hvae a perfect vacation wheer I saw new tihngs , vis aweosm place as Nigaar Falls and Tmi Square , recieving a lot of present an soeicalyl ae a lot deilicous ood .
omst attending stduenst to Universities are out of the city hwree they ues to live , so , thye need an acocmmodation to live htroguh theri study year .
Most universtiies provide chae accommodations ushc as , hsared rooms a dormitorise to their studnest to lower the livi sots , where mots stednts have l inocem .
Other students w may have fmaily financial suppo prefer to hi an apartments to lev indepednentl
Sharing house or rooms hva mayn advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the univresity , and learn ho to srae everything with othres . savign money nad tiem will be more Obvious in unievrsity dromitroies because monthly payments lil be less tna fou times than hiring an apartment , and because it iwll be lcoser to the univresiyt , saving money na time is more efficient by rdeucign trnasportation 's costs
In spite a these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to vie in an aaprtment hweer th pesronaliyt is evr importnat ofr me .
Many years ago , I shared a frie in a room fo f months durnig a course outside my country , these dyas where I owrst during my lfi , he aw idryt , speaking oludly all item dn d to sher eh bduegt of taing . liivng aolen will gran me t rfeedom to live by hte way taht I choose nad still friendly wht la eh ohters without exceed the privacy of my friends . this tater will not achieved ehn liivgn in shrade rooms .
they anoniyng me
Although The federla government which is dceided as a rol of US has many ebnefits according to readin passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect goevnrment .
The powerful of the feedarlism which ahs mo ilberty for eh states to haev the won pilcies according to their need , is on always gdo f the lecture hwer it may creaet some confcits ebtween the stets .
An example of aht is the marriage of homosexual where some stat admit ihs marriaeg , otehrs do n't .
laso , the readin apssgae edclares that even the federa goevrnment let ehc stta function independently , it stlil control on the main decisions .
this case causes soem problem whree the lcetruer mentione eh failrue of federal government to sto lilega immigration to US through Nevada desetr .
also the conrtlo of t federal goevrmnent is eh reason why each of the state and ht federal lbaem aec other in the nicreaes of the unemlpoyemnt in some tsates
In conclusion , fedear government wihc give freedom and pwoerflu , cause myn problems such as no single poli and confusion in the responsibility .
Travellign to a different conutry cna be obt exciting na frustrating at teh asem tim .
I think tha na type of trip is exciting but also have ehir frustratign memnts .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I woul give two important advice ; ifsrt t to gte aolen with travel compainno na enjoy emixcan food instead to cirtic about psciy savor .
People sa tha in evrey voayge the pepole suffer to different mometns of the tr : arrived , eg away to the rfusrtation of an unknown plcae , egt alone wtih your trip companion , success as a travleer dn arrived hoem triumphal .
In orre to nejyo a rti to Mexico I suggest taht t traveler find a manner to get alone iwth si or re companion .
This minimla cahnce wodl mkae a bi differecne wehn y vis other cti .
As an eaxmpel , if you ar bale to get lanoe with yo travel comapnino cuold ejnoy each ommetn of the rti , exchange sem pictures , eat together , and visi places wi common interest suhc as museums or amlls .
tohe advice that I would igve to people coimgn to Mexico is tha enjoy for Mexican food .
Mexican food has a lto of tasting dishse for diffeernt states of hte country .
ofr examlp , there are a lo of American people tha does n't like spicy fodo na also msot of the tim cuodl ge agnry wit the excess of pepper that teh emxcian people used to sue to prepare thei food .
As adivec I would sggest yuo to ask for sauces iwth olwer ppepe .
In this way the visitors owuld be abl to nejoy Mexican food with less pepper adn the same deilcious savor that is so characteristi of our ocnutry .
In conclusion , I offered ow important advice for visiotr th coming to my cuontyr : Try to get laone with their companion in roder to have fun an try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet wa vnented dn revealed ifrst mie in Agusut 29th 1969 , Soical emida Site ( S ) is the next most signifciant nionvation tta ha partly replaced for afce to afce communication .
Ms such as Faceook send out 070.000 message , adn 710.0 Tweets er publicized on wtitter each 60 seconsd .
Unsruprisingly , scoila consequences of Facbeoo and wtitte plya an important role in communication , rgeardless of distance or tmie .
However , peopl wh use Facebook , Twitet or S in general , ar not likely to ahve their o personla privacy thta thre is a possibility of cycle of bullyign .
This essay wll force on beenfist and disadvantages of Facebo and Twitter , an also comments potential furue of thees impliaction .
Communicating cna be achieved , ergardless of distacne , through Facebook na Twitter .
Th benefit of being from being ocnencted globally to Facbeook an Twitter is that messages na be trnasmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Fcaebook na Twitter can be used when their suers are in an unpleasan mo , dn in where their negati feeligns are exrpsesed .
Seconldy , Faceook provide ht opportunity to meain in touch iwt daily cativities rfo friends , amknig observations of realtionships , maintaining one 's own feeling witihn the tework ( thorguh wall posst , pokes , messagse , tec ) ( Oldmeaodw , Quinn , & okwer , 2031 ) .
Tha is to asy , muan ebhaviour on Fcaeboko are interacted we with others by sharing htei mood , a receiving respnoses .
htirdly , Facebook c be used as an orgainzational communication oto in business .
Knowledge baout teh members increases contniaully , adn moreover , maintaining relations with other exitsign emmber , and laso ahring their mae interests by the social network .
( Emerald Group Pbulihsing , 021 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to foll anyone woh they find enjoyable throu Twitter .
For instaec , by following famous celebriites , people ac eaisl see veeyr daily actitiies which are poset by htem .
Hoveer , due to ihs , people who are biegn followed , or users in genreal , ma vae less eprsonal priavcy , dn alos there is a ihgh potentail of begn puopsely aggressvie towadr someone .
However , infromatio wcih is appeared on Faceboo or Twitter are easily cacessilbe , therefroe eevrybody can ealiy seponse as a pulbi opiino .
However , information which is papeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accesisbl , therefore everydoy can easily respoes as a public opinoin .
Mostly Facebook usesr expect tehri rfiedn to respond or pay attenitno on what tye a doing .
In fact , along with gareeable and pleasant comments , there aer also msall amounts of gagressive and even racist commen .
Fris of all , people can post any rcaist commest which tgret a specific group or eprsno .
For exampl , after eh premier of The Hunger Ga was released , a af posted an onset racis tweet htat saying that tye ree nuhpapy ebcause noe of the ian actresses w perofrmed by Blcak person ( Ruach and cshanz , 2013 ) .
ebcaus of the accessible information throuhg Ms , it has eld to many proelms involev with cycl - bulylnig , yccle - badgering , yccle - stlakign bahviour ( Krisnha , as cited in Wililasm & Mretne , 008 ) .
For example , Krihsn et al.(0213 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a wmona frmo a ma calle Mr .
X " adimtted to a state psychiatric hostial after being fuon no competetn to stand tria on chargse of stalking haarssment , trespasisng and telephone harassmetn " ( pp .
5.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
optentially , Facebook adn Twitetr , and Sm in genrea , mya rpealce fac to face communication na imporve ehir functions , beacuse pepole feel more fredemo or neojy using Faceobko or Tiwtter withou have to vi each other appearnces .
Therferoe , it would be aeiser to be connected and kepe in touch tih friends within a second , artehr than have to call htme .
The possibly outcome mgiht be the roe tim people spend on MsS , the lse communicate skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease ht irsk of negative comments or posts , Facebo a Tiwtter wou improve the futures to solve th lss personal privacy problem .
ofr examel , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the sueful of thes ipmlicaitons , epopel shoul pay attention htat afecbook and Twitter could affect thri socila life by vaiod uisgn it most of the time .
In ocnclusion , the benefits from usign Faceobok and Twitter is taht epopel can commnuciate and ieng connected to their friends frequenlty .
Also peopl can esaily rdeuce theri neagitve mood by sharing and exprsesnig how they fee .
In contrast , beacuse Facebook and Twitter hva ebne connceted worldwide , which mean proetcting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibl , users might express gagressive twoadr each other , because of lack of rpviacy .
Photography clsases f evyrone
Introdcution
Teenager aer constnatly influenced by soical networks ilk Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs aer included in al of those sites .
Al , this pehnmoenon of takign photographs is aprt of oru daily life , because it is teh best way to catpure speail moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassino , etc .
As a ne colelge subject
This praccie is considede those activities that nayone ac do without any kidn of speical preparation .
Howevre , teaching studetns how to papyl bteter etchniqeus in the moemnt of taking a picture sohul be cnosiedr as learning to draw .
Both skills er required in todya 's world and are necessary to be developed in teh eudcation system at t sam level .
ht reasons
Recnet tsudies hsow that in t lts twenty eyar more tah 3,000 hpotograhps are atken per person in th world , especially in hte ltaset generations ilfse(teangers and kids ) .
This increase is relaetd with ht overwehlming development of technolgoies in computers , cameras , cellphones , e .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it reqiure hte knowledge of esepcial skills , techniques na knwoldege .
What a lovely weather toda !
What a wonderufl ya ! Tehr is an April now adn finally spirn came .
A bright usn is shinng , the snow metled away in March .
T ifsrt spirng birds came abck from the wamr cotnries .
They are singing fnuny and buidlin their nests .
Poeple look happier .
They are feeling tired after a lnog snowy wintre .
We set our clock forward one uor in March .
The summretim was firts introduced in England in 190 .
The days become olnegr and the nights get shroetr na lgihtre .
We usuall set our clock bakc an hou in Otcboer .
A to of people ra happy , becsue they cna sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hocke as a life sytl
Altohug a sports help y to have a haelthy fie , hockey proveds oyu roe than ju beign healthy or f .
hwa a you thniking of wheenver you choose a sport ?
Yuo think that yuo ilf style will improve ?
We you aer mistaken .
Fo doing different kind of sports oy need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
hwta if you do n't have onne of those requiemrenst ?
Then you know cokey is ht awsner .
hockey is a psrot I have lpayed for many yaesr adn it utrend out to be my favorite .
It 's a ogdo way of learning wo to ocmmunicate and rok wiht poelpe . in simple word ,
it 's a team sport .
Howevre it 's not always as ismple as it sounds .
You have to train ifv day a week nad you need to concnetrat a lo .
On the ohtre hand I enjo every second of it .
Through a my life I ahv ebe willing to imporev in this sport na sinc 201 it hsa beacem a ilfe slye to me .
hw wll I recommend thi to oy ?
It would definitely help you to rgwo and improve as a perosn .
Hockey wlil chnage eh way you see th world and uo a going to srat seen it with othe ese .
So sto searching of the rigth sport , ihs one is f yo !
As far as I 'm concerned , bulic rtansprotation is hte best transport emdia f environmental care .
In sptie of some people mkae enough mnoe to yu htei own c , elcetri na hybr cars are mro expnesive than traditiona ens ( t ones who use gas or ideesl ) so , people choose tsi noes and taht 's because pollutoin is several issue tta we vae to deal with .
The environmental acr is taking srtength every dya , from kids too ancient people .
The govermnetn na mayn cmopnaies ra measurin the Oc emissions wihch are being produced by idnutsrial or sreivce processes that are necessary f producing goosd fro the social consume .
If people do n't use publci transportation , they oculd walk , ride a bike or uby a traditional ca , na that will rpoabbly take plec whe hte edsitny is far from hte place where oyu live .
Fro my point of view , public transporattion wli be very importa in th ftuuer , espeically in edevloped conutries .
I think the government will slow won the fee in public transportation , tah could maek epople to use public tranpsortatio and acring teh environment rfo CO2 emissions na prvenet ht global heating .
In Coslada Cit Council , eppole a wle informe abuot taking crae environment .
The city council ah developed seevral cmapaigns to improve the awareness of tis ictziens , fro example , eh hcildrne learn at cshool hwo to separta the waste .
Three ra amny ecological ilsand .
Each of them h three or four kisd of bins and the aer no as ra as t hundred metres .
Ther ahv been sveera planting campaigns to plant tees na to lcena teh river Jarama side .
Nevertheness it is nevr enohg , becaes od 's ownesr th hte haev most of the blam .
Sniec 2008 , three er nay ibek pash across the city , so the citizens will be able to vaoi the car an tehy wli emit less iar pollution .
The organi waet is picked up eevr day an plastic nad paper was is picekd up every other da .
The mso important thing in t environmtn care is the edcuation of chlidrne .
Oru lpane is in such a idfficlut sitauiton tha we ha to take ovre the problem .
A problem which wsa causde by us , human beings , with htier target of making moeny without thikning of the fefect .
My family is vrey consciou of this rtouble so we make an fefort to solve it .
We suuall use the pubci transport , whi ah a great uqaltiy in the tiy I li .
It works pefretcly : it is always on tim an the pri is worth .
We live in a cottage dn we haev several bisn wihch rae clsaified accordgn to the materila we watn to reyclce .
Moreover , we nu an organization whcih pays peoel w rbnig us teh materilas to recycle .
The benefits ra given to several organizatoin whi take of care of the environment .
My sister teahces people whta to do with things they want to ird of , ushc as totles or appesr .
She is able to do usch beautiful jewellrey tha lots of epopl aer following eh !
It shows taht this ikn of things cna have a secodn lfi .
As soo as hte last revr ensd ht soutehrn bodre of Egypt is he .
hte Nile river is the origni of eh nacien geypitan civilization that count ovre 6 thousand years .
All sitorians , reserahcers , scientists agree wht tih .
na as for me , I ttolaly support their point of eiw .
Egypt is a kin of the river icivlization amon hte huge desetr ashraa .
Al ovre the item the Nile is th lny source of wtae fro geytpians .
ufrtehrmore , elevtaion of hte water level on eh river hepl pepole to realize t posisiblity of xepanidng eh area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians call theri counrty ' Blac Land ' to mrak it fof of th er soi of deser .
Nowdaays , de and wed vallye of the Nile beacem the omst ipmortant transpotr ilen fro geypt .
Through the centueis people ahv been exploring hte nature of t Nel .
The ancient Egyptians idvided the year ofr three seasons copmaerd to dry or wet peroid .
They knew when it will be the ' rgeen inle ' or ' Red Nile ' to sto up iwht lcean water .
But such high level of development of Egypti civilization has the negative side as ewll as positive .
T great amount of dams wree iult on ht river taht caused the disappearnig of a lot of alnts dn naimasl .
Anyway , a ol of Egypitans still living ra rfom th ma wtaer aretry of the country a hardly can nid the lcea water to drink .
But I hoep , as oon as geytp become developing the government iwll pay attention to hte ecologiacl prolbmes that high level .
Weh most people thnik abuot an important ihtsorical palce in Italy , they think of Duomo , in imlan .
tu eh udoom is not hte mo ioprtant .
I am sure oy 'll agree that it 's the Colsoseum .
Fro centureis thsi building h been the symb of thi tiy .
It qui ancien , ubt still fascinatign fo htousadn of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who w the Roamn emperor .
It w usde for shows with animals or hamns , who wer killed without piyt .
Moreover nayv wras were repersented in rode to celebrate orman ramy .
It is ruin htrouhg the ages , but wo peopel understand h imporatnce nad take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it ermembers oru sat na o traditnos , wihch we suold n't forget .
Hoveer to lal people aer aawre of it .
It 's our serngth and every time I go boynd I realiz how amn people scuceedde in building it .
htta 's why it is important : it makes us unedsrtand to never igve up and follow our dreams .
In tihs afst movign world tranpsort ahs become an important fatco for evreyday activities .
Everbyody neesd a mode of tranpsrot to earn thei daily ilving .
ehre is no point in saiygn public transoprt h no futre .
rtavellnig through car is a convenient mode of rtansport , but most of ht population can n afford it .
There are advnatages a disadvantgaes in using a publi transprot .
Firstly to discss hte benefits of pbuilc transport it is cheap adn affordable f lal lcass of people in osciet .
Varie of buses are released by the governmen in oredr to eme people 's financi conidtions .
Using pubil transport is a tem waste and no pviacy ra some of the disadnatages .
Simialrly rtavleling by c has its own advantage and disdavantages .
veeryobdy can on afford a tarvel htroguh ac as it is costly , but to idscsus the benefits , one cna enjoy ihg pirvacy during travel and is conevninet
adn sophisticated adn can tarvel faster .
To mu up iwth it is no appropriate to sa hta theer is no future for public transport because obht hsa equla advatngae adn disadvantages .
Someitme I think tha atpiei is too crwoedd .
Theer is no denying that th MRT in this city is such a covnenient metorpolita systme .
ohwevre , durin the urhs hru , there are alwyas have suc a ruin preson who ah no pbulic awareness at ll .
Thye occup ot amny setas , inclouding prioirty setas .
ufrtehrmore , mots of them rae students .
They do n't resepct other apssenegrs , ju keep lauhging nad teasing ecah other , despit t fact aht some people have tlo ehm to to do tsi .
Moreover , I thikn that prvodie teh aet to edlesr is also a prolbem .
Priority seats , a pseerved to htose hwo ene , not on ledesr but al smoe adult need it .
Somehow , ont all of tme acn oyu ideitfy whether the boidse efle ucnomfortalbe emreyl from hteir appearance , which lead to Some misundesrtanding between htem .
osme epolpe even lbmae them ofr ehy occupy teh sest instead of off the se .
omreovre , osme lo people owlud take tihs cosniderative catoin for granted and they woul eev ocmmand young dault or studetns fofer thri seat iwthout mannesr !
In my opinion , t trnasportatio in our ctiy have nothing to criticiz eepct th .
Everyone should edvelop eh waareness of upblic manner .
Television is an important patr of doern culture .
We depne on television fro entertainmetn , eductaion , nesw nad iflms
TV has much benefits :
Firstl it enables oynug epopl to shaer culutrla expereinces with others .
TV acn act as a catalyst to gte kids reading - following up on TV prrgams by getti boosk on th sma subjects or readgn authors hwose work was adapted f the prorgams .
etleivsion acn etach kids importan avlues and life lessnos .
Eudcatinoal programmnig cna develo uong children 's coialization adn learning ksills .
News , current events and historcila programming cna lep maek yonug peopl mor aware of oteh cultuers na ppole .
Documentaries na ehlp develop critacl thinking auot osciety and the world .
TV ac ehlp nirtoduce youth to classic Hollyowod films dn roeign movies that ehy might n otherwise s .
ucltural porgarmming ac open up ht wrodl of msuci and a of oynug epople .
B teelvsiion hev also negtaiev effecst : First of a , children who spend a gre deal of item watchin television ge elss exericse .
In additoin , thees chlidren receive less socialization with othe children .
Televisio aslo takes aw from family time .
This is also tur fro families hw eta in fnot of the televisino .
I dael wti cosnulting and slaes of financail prodtcs adn serviecs to an interantional bank , in ht mass - marekt and small - busine .
I ofllow eh relatoinsihp iwt custmoers orm acquisitio to t advise nutli the reailzatoin of contracts , building and maintaining relationships aetr - sales in teh ami of custmoer satisfcatoin
I also worked iwt large and small aems in back - offcie , managed many administrative activities erlated to mortgae , persona olasn , cnoatbility and investments to .
I worekd f sevearl years to the acquisition of new customers , to porvied tehm with a cmopltee service , from teh acconut to insarnce products , investment producst , persanl loans , revolving rcedi , nad crso - selling produtcs .
In man yaer of work I have honed my skill in managing on - satndadr situaitons , analyzing ht probl , findgn nad implementign practical and eas solutinos .
no - standard situations , anaylzing hte problem , finding na implemneting practical and easy solutions .
I have fac sveera situations alway wokr with seerniyt nad enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural na dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the tea in whihc I wokr , cooperatnig tih colleauges to aciheve the aols by proivdnig my skills , alwsy willing to lear , repsecting other piont of view together finding ways to deal .
I wor for t same algre company for 25 yesr , n is the tiem to change a nid new ojb opoprtunities .
Nede to wor my hubsand sa been living in Zaandam , I wan to find a enw job in Holland to rejoin oru family .
I like sports such as skiing , riidng and swiimng . I 've als ogt the rescu licence , I worked as a lfieguadr in the usmemr tsuyding fo t patent padi dive master
Nowayas we all hope , that public transpro ca save the owrld .
When we ee all this cars in ru yards , whne we st in traffic ja , we tnik that no d we iwl hvae to lvi our ac dn use puilc transport .
If we do n't do it , one dya we 'll wkae up in hte immortal trfafi ajm .
B , prboably , this situation is only peroi of developmetn of transpotr .
We are told about a l of innovations in this shpeare .
For instnace , Google reported baou Gogolemobil .
Maybe , robots will be able to rdiv mor msart the peopl .
If thye will contact aec tohe adn u Gogolmeap or somethnig like aht , the will be able to avoid accidenst on ht orads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic mas .
Not al people like the idea of Googlemobiel .
Som epopel htin , it mihgt take awya thei nidependence .
B another of people think tta it is to so bad idae , because htey wil be able to dirnk in spite of the fact , thta tehy ra drivers at teh momtn .
Howvee , theer will always be people who dislike to be a driver anywya .
An epopel oh hate public rtnasport , there will alwa be .
The qusetion is , which sor of people have more impact in the wrodl , nad , finally , who will decide .
How myn lagnauge do you speak ?
idd you vere think of learning aonther foreign languag ?
Or do oyu wnat to be a polygto ?
Today it is miles time important to elar a foriegn lagnuaeg tha ebfore .
there aer we reasons wchi show oyu why it is important to laer a foreign languga today .
First , if oy are planning to rtave to another country , it is absolutely useful to pseka olcal languag , it makes uor tpi omr esay and ocmfotrable .
Second , fro fnidign a good jo oppotrunity , the business ehcange is increasing in t intrenatoianl level , if you psea a ferign lnaguaeg , certainl it adds some value on your rpfoile dn yuo can get a higher aslray .
Third , through learning a foreign language , oyu do n't only elarn a langugae , at the itm yuo aer alos getting konw it culture , g to nkow a diffeernt culture an society different than yours 's , it nerichse your knowledeg .
Over htees eyras , there a more and more miserable accidents happened aorund the wlrd .
From newpsapres , magazines , even foreng medium , we ca easily firue uo that our environment is changing severely .
Myn scientists infer thta poelpe 's liev lil chgne dramatically in ht xet 50 years becuase of uhmnas ' gredey .
Humans alway desier to have a moer convenien and comfortable lfie , ubt forget to rpotect and cheris th Eart at the sa time .
High - tehcnological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to buil hgi buidlings .
avriou factories eti excessive carbon idoxid iot teh air .
All hte examplse baove iwll enhance th tmeperatuer na make ht Earth hotter an hotter .
The higher temperature neahnce , ht wor the living quality is .
If people orund eh wrold could n't put mroe emphasi on our viing places , we must have a dark adn hopeless futru .
Due to the lcimate change , ht weather is so h htta people coul even have a awter shortage .
Lisng neough waetr suplpy , people 's boyd wlil become weak an ruogh .
In this lviing situation , instead of laughetr and happienss , there will be mro figth , htaerd and sadness .
veeryone live in despair , but ac nto ifn the etnranec to brihgtness .
Th terirbl consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied ehart .
Frined , from now , le us be ht emmbers to proetct dn take acer of our Etrh !
It wa dangerous , but I nkew I da to do it .
Th udnercovered rok is very hard , not sut bceaus you will owrk wtih dangreosu pepole , the really adgner is if you get idscovered .
Wehn people know that tehy were deceived , htat they trust were rbokne , heads will ro .
oyu hev to be precies , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for th cause is ht k to survive .
It is just somethin that I hda to do , not you , not her , me .
I ddi n't choose that , htsi job has chosen me .
De Sir or Madamme ,
I would lki to aplpy for hte psoition of beach lifeguadr assistance whihc I swa advertised .
For the last two yeasr I have joined eh wsimmnig gorup at the Uinevrsity .
I managed to succeeded in many copmteitions in hte country and rboad .
I believe I am a suiatlbe cnadidate fo this ops , considering the swimmign skills I ahve .
On t ohte han I completed t frist aid course , in the de Cross .
hte ojb would igev me t opoprtunity to sue all the exeprienc I have gained na what is mor It would proved me new knwoledge .
Plesae do not ehsitaet to contact me if oyu should requir futrhre informatoin .
I am available to attend an itnervie at your convenienec .
I ook forward to hearign from yo
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernádnze
In o omdern wrold , amny people are suffered from stress that psirng from life conditoisn .
In additoin to this , epople are worikng in very stressuf workplacse nad teh nat to leave rfom this cnoditoin in holidays .
Therfeore , it can be sia that holidays aer the best option to renew eh slu and revvie th spirit f pelpe .
In hloiday , people can away from adily prolbems and also can atk moer time wht tehri rfiend an faimyl .
In this respect , mayn people pfeer to go antura places with thei familie in ord to forget about bda situation on tier lievs .
ro exampl , awlkin in the sesaide or wsimming in hte s can be helpfu to roget hard ilfe conditions .
On th o hadn , holidays er ht bes f pepoel in etrms of thinking clearly their epxerinces about life .
oeple na review their decisions in holdiays mro acucrate na helpful .
Fo instnace , in strsesful ilef conditions people can make b edcisinos for ehir future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplace .
The reason is that people umst complate their tassk in order to gain moer mone to maintian their ilves and they forget about tsee emotional feleigns such as loev , helping people or thinking spiritual htings .
It can be clearly sne that in holidays epolpe ar gettnig clsore and they rememre their fleings .
Fo example , people mete thei relatives htat enve see for a lon tmi .
At the same tiem , people ahve a chance to go sacred places in order to neew their spirts and suols .
They can pray f God dn it gives a relief ro peolp .
When people ermembre ehse emtoional and spiritual subejtcs htey c become mor hayp . Because epople need to laev the amterila world .
In ohildays , peop ahev tim to rivew thier mistakes that lead to stressful lef .
In concluison , holidays aer very suitable for pepole in order to heal ehir problems and srtessful lief conidtiosn .
Also holidays ar very helpful days in order to reivev eh psirit and t soul because people ahv a chnace to move waa omdren lfie hta has full of material subjects .
Ccyling to shcoo , to rok or to do any ohtre acviity it is not a common habit in Spain .
Howvee , the government and the local councils of gi cities such as Madrid or Valnecia , rae tyring their ebst to promote this movemen because they consider it a wa of develpomnet .
On the noe nad , tehre are amny benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces rtafifc mas , niose and pollution , as well as it loewr C2o emsision .
Furhtermor , it turn o to be the uqickets mehto of trasnoprt .
On th othe hand , htere a some issues such as the inrcease of adnger on the roads .
Staitstcially cycling is generally consdierde to be omr dangerous htna traleling by car .
Another disadvantage is t weather .
Getting ew when it rains , having to do a lot of efofrt to cycle into a stron win , freezi weath or having to keep drinking hwe h weathre .
In my point of view , Cycling conirbutes to imporv cmomuinty psriit and it is possible to ook ofr solutisn to face teh disadvantages of this activity .
No noe can deyn that rtavelling by car is muc mor convenient tahn by public tnasport .
Fro example , people taking ac do ont need to spne tiem waiitng ofr th ub or subw .
And this undesirable time mgiht be nto so short during holidays , ude to less frequent schedule .
Also , we cna drev a car to ayn lpac where the public rtansport pehrpas is no abel not erahc .
Wehn teh bus is crowded , we vae to satnd , makign us more xehausting epsecialyl for a lgn distance .
veen though cars could proivde us with so amyn advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by puilc transpor shodl ont be ngeelcted .
Firs , pubilc transport is goo of the environment copmared to privaet car .
As we all know , teh more bulic transpotr passegners use , teh less cra exhausts are eimtted per person .
Recentyl , sevearl tsuides have shown evidence thta three is a rtong relatoi between car exhausts and nug cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important orle in protecting human ebings from sffering of diseases and saving ilf .
Second , public transrot saves city pscaes .
As more dn more peopl hcosoe to lev in cities , nowadasy uo cities become larre and more crowedd .
ocrrespondinlgy , the space for each person becomes mor limited than before .
Provided that eevry ictizen onw a car and use it arthre hta upblic transport for evyr travelling chacne , I suppoes that ru stretes would become a parking place and everyone wolud psend more time in congesting .
alst but ont hte least , pbuilc transpor allow people to do other thin which is impossbile when driving .
Teh drivers ahv to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tees psiirt .
ro a passenger , however , tarvleling is a complete relax .
People can lietn to msuic , take a phone call wiht a friedn , read a fascinating bo or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages ro publci transport , it deo not mena that public tarnspotr is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it ofefrs less flexibility tha casr , and is les environment frienld ahn bicycles .
Theerfor , it is unreasonable to conlcued thta no transport can rpelaec others .
It is better that peopel aer aware of thri rpos a cons nad chosoe a fit one .
Languages ofr ht fuutre
hsuold learn othe langugaes ? .
We live in a wordl that day to day changes and peoel nee to veelop their sikll and overcmo .
I htink there rae many reasons to elarn languagse .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know dfiferent cultures and travel aorund hte rod witohu the language abrreir .
Aos in recent yaer to express yosrelf in English , French , Gremany an Russian ah became soemthing esestnial and very important in our lives to ifdn a j .
I think a rgaet idasdvantage is the price of hte coues .
laos I consider that it tends to be hard and tkaes time away rfo doing nay other things .
It seems to me that young pepole should spend more time sutdying naguages beacsue it will be rpofitabiilty in the future b to achiev it the wi have to be motvitaed and to nejo learnig .
rua franicsco xaive nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usa Summer Cmasp ,
I am writing in rsepnose to oyu advertisenet for a j .
I h a part - time jbo as babby - sitter and I take acr of my 11 years lod rbother ver fotne .
I owrekd in an Esater camp too and I have arlead rpeapred l of ativities , like " arpepl " , paintball ...
That is of these reasons I think I haev teh skills f th jbo .
I can be contacted of a meteing in hte above adderss .
I hope you considerate me f the job , rordigo
Today , I wnet to my Wnnie 's ohm wiht Adriana in teh fateronon .
We ate delicious food nad play interesting gmaes altogtehre .
We had a rgeat tim .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnei 's home .
First , we listened to soem songs , such as almos and gi big world .
After htirty minutes , we had tea .
Winnie levs eatin very much so I can saily find mcu ofod at h ohme .
We ha mouth- watering tsrawebrry cakse a juiyc appl juice for eta dn they were extremley yummy .
After hvaing te , we paly hide - a - see altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a benhc and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie lel over a little snoe .
darinaa adn I immediatel came to re na held h up . '
Yoru knee is lbeedign .
ra you oka'I asked .
I sa shaking like a leaf and my heart is poundnig since I w worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnei replied .
I felt reileved then .
Then , Adriana uond a plaster an put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside a slied happiyl .
I ftl glad today altohuhg Winnie hurt herself .
hwy ?
It is because ru freindhsip is more rugge .
Wha an unfoggetable day !
In my opinio ht house in t future iwll be better .
ohus of th fuuter will be big adn brgith .
Inside iwl be flul of conveniences .
Big space wil be divided in a we zones .
Relaxation 's , lraning 's , iktchen 's zones and so on .
In house of t uftuer there iwll be automaci curtains recatin to t lhgt in every house .
Televisio will be cordles , as this ya as at present Interne .
veery house will be lfexibl .
htansk to that it acn xepadn or reduced .
Everything dpeends on the number of people .
Swmiming is my favourite sport .
Wyh do I liek swmimign ?
Wel , wsimmin has alwya been an Olympic oprt , it is an individual sport so it depnesd etnirely on the wsmimer 's efforts , but uo can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimmin competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a psort that can be learnt at any aeg but chlidre acn start to learn swimming as eral as two eyars of age .
Swimmign has different pyes ; dolphin , crawl , backstorke a berast storke .
Swimming as a psrot is very useful in iweght erdutcion if you ra oebse nad ne to reduec yru weight , it is laos the best sport for the asthamtic patients because it strengtnes teh chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patient to respirtaroy infetcions .
If you will start to learn swimimn , chooes a place thta has an experineced coach , and try to be part of a gorup of uor aeg .
Hello apu ,
I enjoyed helipgn at hte cocnert hwihc sa in Anatay on cotober .
I ah a great time wit poelpe woh rae working as a hleepr fo t ccnert .
I got a lot of experinece fr them .
In th ocncer time al peoel ca neojy but nbood think abuot hwo they aer rpepraing to cocnetr .
I saw so many interestign tnigs during eh perparetio item .
For example the kno everytnig aobut each helper 's jbo but on hte same ti htey just concern won subcets .
I watn explain to you some interesting part from my xeperienc .
In the concert mornign were excited and thikning about th concre and we deicdde do to think about th ocncetr just do your bo which owuld be give .
When we wre arrannig ocnecrt plan we amd work sharing for all of us .
Some of tme started edsign t tsag , some of th checknig songs volume and lihgt .
My jo sa checkin songs list which signers wolu perofmr .
I think it was th mts difficul part of the cocnert because of singers .
They ewer wlays wanted to chagne some songs wihhc wsa on eh list .
On the concert time I was erally worired that something would appear suddenly .
Actaully everybody acn be worried because thye gave time and effort for it .
Finall concert staetd adn all the lights ewr shiinn like stars .
It is difficult to expalni htat feeling .
When th concert finished I fel like a bird whic flying freely .
Of course I da som pain in my elgs because ll eh time I w tsanding .
Howeevr , I lek to be a volunteer on enjoybale proejcts .
I wan to ivnit uo to our xet ocnecrt which iwll be nex month if y have yn itme please come and see h we rae preparign fo the concert .
I am wiatnig f your email .
See oyu !
Technoolgy is changing t way we live in man ways and ohw we recieve and es inofrmation is probably eh omst affected .
Rgearding advertismeent , technology is havign a huge , and no lawyas possitive impcat on oudtoor advertisement .
From black - and - whtie adsd posde in pubilc places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds lpaced in every availalb adn iamgianble spo .
rfo builidngs with enormou and bright screens to interactive ub stop sgisn .
T ercent develpomenst in mobile technology allwo adevrtisers to offer personalized publciity to aech of us .
I''m rue th in the ver near ufutre , if I have been looking for restuaranst in Mallroca in my comptuer or mobile at home , in my way to wro the adds on the buses i will see - which of ocruse will be sceresn and nto printed paepr - will swo imase of Mallorc , or an add rfo triapdvisor with Mallroc in it .
It wil suti me soteimes , nad it eevn will be useful , btu I 'm las usr sometimes I will find it agersive .
eh aw it feles aggersiv to enter a suqrae or plaza in my town and ifnd it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or arittsic hte pictures displayed aer .
Adveritsemnet mhgt be considered an art , or at least some pieces ra really artistic , but lpacde on th wrong spo or showe at the wrgn ti htye loose they ratsitic sid .
tu , technoolyg is hre fo bes or rost , na we hvae to learn to dea with it the bts we cna .
If I could change one hting in my lef , I wuol like to chaneg my uose .
I 'd like to have a bi edtacehd house in sububs of Artem or Vladivosot .
So that I oclud live mro frele and indepednentl .
If I had this house , I owudl ceorat it in modern styal .
I woul bui ther fitnss gmy , wardobe -oro , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would lik to qeuip a barbecue era in my garden .
I colud inivte my fridns and erltaivs .
Together we uold spend itm in plaesant atmosphere .
hwe it comes to my fvaoirte sprot , tennis will awlay be my answer .
Thuog I am a beginner of it , I thni it 's interesting since it requires a lot of slils to be a mtser of it , wihch osudns very challegning .
Whne I eel stressed off , I always pl tenn to release my perssure .
If you are a bgeinenr of tenin , my advice is tha you ene to get a suitable rcokte for you first .
As the proverb gose : If yo nat to learn somethnig well , oyu owudl need to get the irght otols first to work on it .
Next , y are required to elanr veer basic siklls step by step .
isnce tenins reuqires lots of bsai siklls , if you do n't learn these important etchnical slolw and tseaidly , you m gte hurt durin the practcie .
Finally , fniding a ogod teacher is is also critical .
A skield coach can teach you th best skills of tennis .
Do we have teter television than a few decadse ga ?
Do we ahev enough choic in the csree ?
Can you imagi having only wto channels adn not palynig th whole day ?
That was olny 30 yera ago .
An explosion of channsl arrived to our houses in hte eighties .
In tih eroprt we will ese osem characteristics of today 's televsiion .
Numeb of hcannels are gradualyl reducing
In our country o decade ago when digital TV arirvde , a lot of we channels flourished .
Al tv tried to get several licences to distribute tehir sohw .
In order to reoslev moe deficits budgtes , today there ra maiyl two TV groups .
Less channsl means els hcocies .
Intrenet TV is increasing
It costs lss moeny an you can choose exactly the mometn , where a wiht who watcihgn ihs or that televison rporgam .
You just follow a suggestion made bay someone .
You just clcik on it .
They hva to reduce their budte
Desptie of changing channels we see ht smae news .
B Broadcast groups er ues by lal of them .
It is expensive to keep jorunalists a camrea la raound teh world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hadr to compete wtih t Intern .
Nowaadys oln national or inetrnational broacdast groups can be in the match .
Perhpas politacl reasons help to maintani such a budg deficit .
However t fatc is that there is a countodwn on them .
Dera Mrs Hopkins ,
I ahve seen your advertisement in teh neswppaer an I am writing to exprses an ietrest
to join yuo smlal group on a trip around the owrdl .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland spekaing Gerna , French and English an I am kene on tarvelling .
With several rtpis to many countries I ahve maed utnil now , I would say th I ahve arlaedy osm expereince in travelling aroun the word .
I am tnerested in to ion oyur group , because I like meteing enw people rfo other countire na I woudl ilke to exlpore en conutries aronud the world .
For ne eyar I haev bee in a scuot grou in whihc I have leartn a l about different kinds to find a ya or to orientate myself in t wilderness .
Furthermore I feel suitabl to joi yru group becuase I lik tarvelling nad I woudl lkie to be a ptr of your adventur .
I loo ofrward to heargn orm uo .
Dear Steve ,
It was ogdo to hear from uo .
Basically my idea is to us this trip to laenr as mcu as posisble , I aen , not noyl the Englis alnguage but las to know mroe abotu your cultur nad vist nice placse of you country as well .
As I told you befer I ca n't afford to pay htsi trip alone , so my father will put up osem mone to ehl me .
Btu I wanna fni a job to hle hi iwht the bills .
na oy gev me a nad on it ?
oy ac als help me to fi a cheap place to rent .
It wll be helpful if you fi a saml aaprtment nea the Cambridge University whree I 'll study English of 5 omnhts .
Thanks for ll your help and I loko forawrd to haerign from you .
Bets wisse
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to senig you .
First of all , you sohuld get outisde of ht airport etrminal .
htere you will es bus statoin in hte srteet .
When you te there kae t ubs whcih ah numbre 1 .
hten ride to ht bus tsop " lzčín " .
There you can get to the underrgound station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this wa , I 'll call uo in the morning to tell uo ehre wil we emet xeactyl .
But if I were you I would take a atxi for t undergronud is qiute boring , but it is hcaeper .
Anyawy , you ene to get to th cetner . I 'll iat ro yo tree .
Finlal , hte weather forecsat for enxt month look pleasantly as it is usu at ihs ti of eyar .
aht 's why y do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am deligetd to s you osno .
Be wihse ,
Jacob
In my opinion we shoudl go to ht restauarnt bceaues all poepel eed a relaxing moment ro doing wrok better than bferoe .
Firstly , we can discuss type of fo we want to ae .
Actually , studenst eat a lto fast ood while they a stuydign at unviesrity , because they do n't ahve tmie to do ofdo , fro these reason I think that the ebs restaurant is somowhere ehn th do hom - amde food , a a good idae is ofr mains course : baked pottaoes , steade evgetables adn ro dessert aplpe cake .
On teh othre hnad , we are studying architetcure maybe we sohuld choose a special restaurant , I like a charimng adn comfortable restaurant iwth a lot of windosw , with a white cahi , table dn wll , omr or less a realxing environment but ht atmosphe is very important for dinner nad I think that we must vot this , ebcuase we will have a good night or n depending ht pye of atmospehr we chooes .
In conlcuison , I think that this tpye of food adn atmosphere is very fro us , because normally we ah spoken aobu boo , work an studies , wlie with thi type of environment we can psea about us , uor family , our hobbeis and all people get to know we something about othre mates .
I wou liek to go to Foster 's Hollyowod .
I loev the food ehre and I ihnk my classmates too .
You ca it the ebst burgers uo have vere aetne .
Tehy a incredibily delicious .
I do on know ho do they amk and oco hte .
These burgers are my favourite foo because they are amazing .
I cna not sya h they are because you haev to taste tehm .
It is a lfaovur similar to tsa in the heaven or in t paradise .
I rceommend yuo to go to this restauarnt na you defniiteyl leave wit a very ogdo flavour in yo mouht a a gue smile in your fcae .
uo will awn to co another time .
Howeve , if uo do no like burgers you cna e whatever you want of Amercian food a you will egt hte sem fatnasitc opinion as a perso hwo has eaten another ael .
Pubci transport pyas an important roel in oru modenr ady livse .
Mroe thna a billion people ues buses , txai 's and tarins etc as tourtss , of wkr , meetnig relatievs , gion to cshool etc .
Many eev use acsr .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is exepnsive .
aht is wyh because eh cost of petr , diesel and gas is iute ihgh in most of t uontries of teh rold .
Wihl travelling by public transport acn save a to of money in follwoign ways :
1 . People can save hte money tehy spend on eptrol .
2 .
As thye hvae specific rtues caross t country , town , ict and villages , it hpls people to spend less in shops or restauarnts on highways or vee inside the cyt etc .
I disagere with teh statement satted above bceause in future we are like to have only two classe in scoeity , t irch a eh opro .
Middle class is idsappeairng na becoming scarce d by day .
It is because of ihg taxes on ogod .
So , I bleivee etiher we wll have uplbic transport or poepl er gion to be as the weer in ht otne aeg .
Public tarnsport is ene good of ou enviromnent rather thna acsr .
Nowaday peopel hvae dfiferetn veiws about reading books and watching mvoies .
Som of them thikn that books are mer interesting tahn them film evrsions .
I agree with th point of vie .
I tend to think that there is nothign better tahn readi a book .
Firtsyl , redaing helps to ebcome a well Eudctaed Peros adn giv a ahnce to develpo nkowledge .
That 's why while oy are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , obkos devolps imagiantion of reader .
Wh you ra reading a pictrue of what is happening papear in your imn .
Yuo ac imagine how heroes look Liek , yuo ac imagni different views , where the action atkse lpcae .
And finally , I tihnk it 's evyr importan that y can easily ta your bko with you and start redaign ayntime oy want .
On hte hter han , if you liek being in company t set aw for you is mvoies .
Because you ca watch it with yuor friends .
Also mnay peolpe choose movies because htye lik suodntracks adn specai effects .
It 's so exciting .
but ll these factosr are to importtn for me .
I suppose that books rae better th ehm ifml versoin .
To sum up , I 'd liek to sa reaidng is really grta thing .
A girl wa walking hmo oen dya .
She was with her mu ..
S sa just a oyun beuatfiul girl !
So , they wree going ho wh hte gir notcide a cut doll in a shpo .
She had blond hri na eh wa wearing a bule dres , hwite gloves and balck shoes .
Just like hre ... ''mu I love tih doll!Could y bye it for me ? '' she sa .
Her mum could n't dney to ehr , so eh bouth it .
Oh!The girl da so ma epcial momnet wtih hre doll!!They loekd so adorable toegthe!They were like twins !
After some years the gi deciedd htat eh hda to move .
hse was eighteen aers dl , s h to be indepeednt .
So hse oto a deep breath na upt her dlo in the attic jsut like hre childhood emmorise .
At night eh haerd so crepey noises from there ...
hse went the and thera aw the doll with a knife in her hnad.''Bell , why you do n't lpa iwt me anyomer?ra you bornig of me?Jts because I have only o eye?But uo removed me eh other o .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But yuo idd it again!''she scrmaed .
And hten ...
Next day , going at her home re mu wanted to ifdn he daugthe .
So , s went upstairs ...
T girl had a knif in her kneck and on teh lal ther was a sentnece,''Why ddi you leave me taht ya ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
Juts yuo have to deal with th game .
Yo can choose lots of alces to lpay .
You need a good pai of seos , a tennis rkcet a some balls and perosn hwo lpa with .
Although you sohuld be good at palyign bcakhand or ofrehadn , you acn les ifnally .
Thsi sport is not just abou a hpysical powre .
uo suppsoe to ues yoru rbai as ewl .
It is combination of a physcial power , a technique and a emntal power .
As th toher soprt , tennis is getting more modern , fast adn commercial .
I mae proefsisonal etnins .
Some children wanted to lpay tnensi because of money or glory .
Sem of them parctise etnnsi because of their parents .
It is n fia enohg .
hclidren should play agmes , not just tennis , becaus it is fun , it develops tehi skills , helps to hpysical heatlh and so on .
You ca start if uo ra grwon up anyway .
It is never oto alet .
Eitre you can find a professiona coach or just ion your freinds .
Enjoy !
Dear rms Kate Asyb ,
My name is Andrea occci , I 'm isxteen , and I saw t advertiseme of hte weeken wo in yo caf , and I 'm interested to wkr with you .
I ' m the pefrect chioce for tihs wokr , in afc , I 'm niteersted in different kinds of foo becaus I am Italain , and ofr us food is everythi .
In Italy , I attend scho fro iater an cook , and sometimes I coo lasagna , past , pizz an man other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many fmauos restaurant .
I"m also goo at edailng iwht people , in afct siec when I wsa younger , I have done the animato at ht summre camp of lapignano , hte city ehre I ilvde , and I spne a lo of tem wi children and adults .
I alos worked for many theate companies a I am so good na kind wh I atlk iwth otehr people , asl if I do n't know them .
At hte edn , I 'm aos prepared to owrk olgn hours , whne I owrke wtih my aunt in his cafe , I worked fr eight a.m. na I lastde at 9 p.m. , it wa dififuclt b I did it ll days .
I loo forward to hearing orm yo oson ,
nadera Cocci
Essa
In today 's sesa I am ogign to focus on the pros an cons of studying neglish abroad .
Is it really wtrh leaivng your own country for a peroid of time to study negilsh ?
It is true that iong abroad na ope enw point of ivews aobtu you own learinng rpcoess .
Talknig with Englis antvie saekers is always a good hting ebcause you wil be alb to judge oh well or daly uo a doing .
Besides , it ca be funny and ejnoyabl if you plan it rpoperly .
However , y lil ahev to psen a considarble amount of money in it adn you will no be assuerd to achieve your gosl at al so it would be able to becoem a real nightmare if you are n focus on yuo elarnnig tasks .
From my pnit of ive I think hte advantgaes overcome the disadvatnages especially if y have some omeny save of it .
ubt if you do to , there is always a solution which is uisn the Internet to elarn evertyhin y need .
oy can even takl with naitve speakers by using some Caht oroms onlnie such as Sikep and others .
Football , a passion
When I was ilttl I ah tried a l of sporst , Handball , Swimming , etnnis , but my favourite sport is no en of those , it is a spotr that I have enver imagine : Football .
All my ilfe I thoguht taht football wsa a srot which wsa fo men , ont ro rils , but onec I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever think abtu playing football ?
At frist , when I started to play ofotblal I id it wit my lcassmates , w where all oby , so I ude to feel a littl bit uncomfortable , however , smoe years ago , they starte to intergtae me wehn tehy play , nad nowadays , I love pyaing football with them .
Now , moe wom and I started to organize female matches , so I am omre use to play wit girls . I never iamgine that I was going to be so keen on ofotball , but no it taeks rat of my lief .
I tihkn fotoabll is a very exciting sptr , na that evrebyody in eh world shuodl try it at least noce in his or her life .
One thing oy should ekpe in mni if you watn to play football is hta you have to be ready to recavie som pucnhse .
I recommen you a gaet retsaurant whihc is in th shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
st naem is " The English oevn " , an it 's a fantastic tarditoinal and modnr erstaruant with Briitsh food .
The sevric is excellnet a t waitre rae so lpeaasnt na gnetle .
The interior is big , so lal the class uold sat inside without probmes .
hte decoration is omder dn zoy , a it 's to soem rgea traditional British objecst .
The food is one of the ebst things in th retsauratn that is alwyas tasty nad frse .
eh've gto a l of idfferetn dishes , traditional and modern .
Teh ha also to a lot of fiferent ytpse of saalds , pas and pizazs .
hte dseserts are very good oo .
They 've got original ones , kie sewet pizza , na traditional .
Theer is a ibg vraeity of iec creams .
Thi restaurant is not t expensive , whci is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much moeny .
The restaurant is in the shopping cetner , so we na eg there by bu or by trani .
I thin this is the best restaurant to go on hte ned of the ocures , so we could book osme talbes as oso as possibl ebcasue a lot of peopl usually goes there .
During whole life , famou pelpe , such as politicinas and film stsr , mdeai are accomapnying them .
In my view , public person deserve to hev thei o fie , without photographign .
In en hand , becmoin a pubci person sasocaite with jornalts , amss - meid , falshse .
Famous people rae obligated to porvid tehri life in exemplary wa .
However , htye still being ordinray people , thye make mistakes .
Poepel are thought being jealous .
Notice na iknd of afilurse .
It seem to me that journalist mgiht be absolutely txoci adn teh ahve deefctvie infulence on osicety which assess celebrites through ht prsim of journalistic domuentary .
In the other hdn nay of stars slod their privacy to aern more an more money .
ht value of their talent , abilities are conute in amonut of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all oev the wrodl , are ilvign afomus people wh do n't rbing in the limeilght thie life .
It has ever been very useufl for a nog itm gao , nevertheless nowadasy , there er some epolpe wh ask if hte publ trnasport wa usppressed , adn society wlud asv a lot of money .
However , poepl should thin bauot the lareg avdantages , scuh as : epople save moeny ; it is evyr ocmfortabel dn go ro th environment .
Firstly , the mai reason is the cost because th people w do n have a c tehy ened to tarvel or commute to another lpace and a acr is very expensive .
The cars nee to be repiared ; besid , if you have a car , y have to apy some taxes .
In addtiion , these peolpe need to have public transport fo tarvelling around t country and city .
Seocndly , antoher resaon is t global awrmin because hte atmoshper is much polluted .
If uo es hte public transport , you ca be less contaminating than before becaes tehre rae a lo of people who tarve togehter in only noe transpro .
Finally , ht last reaso is ht ocfmort because you ha a ra ; it is so difficult to find a cra park in the centr of the city .
Beiseds in some ciitse , ca can on be pakred in some palces , such as : the old icyt a the city certe .
Summi up , epople rae waaer of global warming and think about the high cost of having a c .
rfom my point of eiw , I get ues to walking arodn my city dn my cra is sut used if I rtave around th conutr .
We are living in a evr changnig world .
Toda 's new thin become things of pats in few months .
Ta an eaxmpel of molie technology , oyu latest handset , tih latse configurations becomes outdated withi fwe months aftre ubying it .
50 years is a rey long time na epolpe lives will defniitel change in such a nog period .
However , eh imptrant opin to discuss wuodl be whether it wolu be a opsitive change or negative one .
Last 50 eyars icence and technoloyg oto rgea leaps , intnret , mobilse made us more connected .
Todya , we haev all th information at finger - tpi .
Today , we do n't nde to wroyr abou getitng olts at new pla , Google amp er always there to lep .
We need nto to cr Elgish worsd today , as we acn quickly find meanign of any word on our mboiles .
Mteing new pepole or selilgn uor prodcut , yo do nt ene to cae aynoen , eveyrthing can be maange through a virtual platfroms .
Today ru lise hev ceome much more comfortalbe htan psat , thanks to progress mnakidn hsa maed in technology .
On teh hter hnad a number of terrroism , global warming and gered became top cahllenges of otday 's world .
Clmiate changes due to glob warming caunig ntauarl diasstres on and tne .
Terrorits catviities cuasing havoc in public live .
Corruption a greed of pepol in power mkaign it dfificult to truts people leader .
If tehes challenges er n addressed in coming yeasr , imaigning better lives for peolpe in 50 years hence is arhter difficult .
We need to remember technoolg is ujst a tool , in rigth ahnd it wou be boon fro us , in wrong ahnd it ha woer to destroy eh wlrd as we ese it todya .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian igrl who 's sutdyin to improve her Egnlihs . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I era your advertiseemtn on your website and I immediately thought " Tah 's for me , I 'm the right pesro ofr thsi kind of job ! " .
Pehrpas , oyu 're wondering yh I shuold be the irgth perso .
That 's soon iad .
I 'm motviatde , flexible nad oepnmnided epsron and I had a ol of experience in this field as lel .
I 've owrkde as oscail rtaine adn as eductaor snice I was 16 .
I lvo iong social cativiites and palnning even .
Whne I worekd as educaotr , I used to plan nad magae some spotrs na outdoor acitivities .
I had a evry great memoires of these exepriences and I would really like to lev tehm again .
If yuo aer interested , please ahev a loko at my CV .
As you requetsed , I attach it in this mail .
Best regards .
Persoanll , mobile phones ar very important in my fie .
I need that device near me beacuse I hev three ihldren and I want to kon ohw and where they aer .
eh saem abuo my parents ; th er old and sometimes the lal me for talk aobtu their ehalht .
Cocnerinng video - gems , I agre with scientits htta htey thought ti help chlidern 's bari to dveelpo , btu is important controller thme beacuse htere rae a l vioeltn games .
However there aer brilliatn maes for children .
In my opiinno , t Internet is basoultely a revolution in curretn society .
It is vrey commno to use ht Internet in my work fro research or googl information and also connect whti othe teachers , sepak baou corusse and change inforamiton .
ifnall , I think technloogiacl dveelopments make us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a shaodw alway beside you .
In the tmi of joy and sororw .
Nothin is impossilb in life tu not doubt it is ont say to fin isncer friends .
It deo ont mean you lil never find noe .
It is ve impoatnt to inetrac and socialise with oeple to make a friend .
Th more people you lil mee hte omer easy it wlil bceom ofr yo to find a friend .
When you find one sepn itme iwt them , share view , ideas an go out wi them .
rfeinds do not have to agree on everything y as tu htye hsoudl hsare their view about it .
The Guardian is a Brtiish dail newspape which include national adn international news .
Y uold fidn a variety of artilces cuh as policis , Business nad Money , sports , cutluer , educatio , Lfi adn sytle , Travels , t weather nad the Evnironmetn .
there are plenty of advertisements for bos a donatino to ehlp individuals .
redaer are able to express their opniion freeyl .
htey su a quality English lanauge which avoid slang lgnuage .
As reusl , it is usitable for students wh leran English Language to improve their Enilsh .
On eh other ahdn , I realised ther wer wt disadvantages .
of example , it is ont suitable for childre d to officia Language . htere were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which amke ht readers broe .
Ovearll , The Gaurdain is consiederd one of the best newpspaers in teh owrld .
Nowadsy , in t modenr and progressive wrodl where pepoel are samrt na econmoy vrey highly developed .
Som poelpe think htat we need in tablet comupetrs instead obkos
In my opniio , teh problem is very interestnig .
Sometimes then I am wathcing TV or I am reading enwspaper I notice that dagets become very useful for uo lfi .It see to me ogod opportuniteis to maek our li more eaisly .
Al it mkae us more clever .
I am convinced that usni talbet compuetrs in ou everyday life is rather good .
Poelpe do to nee to carry a olt of bokos in a b .Pup could not say tah he letf a boko because he h ll ooks in his tablet computesr
osm epolpe think that it is a bed idea .
They beileev that it is uesless tihgn f o generation .
Such people are sru tha electronic thign make us stupdi .
htey insist on on using tabltes at schoo .
Personally for me , I liek books very mcuh .when I at hmoe I use books ebacuse I like to smll and to touc th ppaer of books .
I do on argee with the people hwo think that tbalets er useless .
We shodl sue it but we are muts ont forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say tha that we should ke aberast of new technoolgies adn try to mkae ru livse esaie
The Big Mistake
This ya w full of jyo and happiness , b somehting went wrong after when hse told mi tha she is pergnnat .
hs was so hpap about this ensw na she tohugth that he wlil be happy as well , but ...
At the mmoetn whne seh to him that she is rpegnant , he just frozen .
It was too much fo hmi .
He thought it 's aesier to walk waay and aovid th conevrsatio with ehr .
He tired to undesrtand what 's oging on with him .
It was weird oh amny questiosn and doubts acme up on hi hae .
One part of him was really happy , becaues to be a fathe is si one of the biggest dream , but on eh ohte hadn he cuol n't handle this news .
htsi woman , who stands next to hmi , is his girlfriend , his future iwf .
He should be ahpyp and hug ehr and celebrat this good news .
B moehow he did n't feel ynthing .
All tah he flet was anxiety .
He could n't hdnle the feelin , ehn hs tire to touch mi , to kiss and hug ih .
He nkwe th she loev mi as muc as he olves her , btu everything wa jsu too wrong on hti omment .
Her voice , re smile and veen re body wa to wrong on this moment .
She could n't udnerstadn what 's ogign on , because it wsa just three weeks ago when thye had a conversation aobu ikd and family and he said htat he would lik to have iksd wht her .
An now , he just avoids ehr and he is not happ about the news .
It wa a big emss .
She wa mroe tah happ and he could n't handle ihs news .
Tehy both nkwe taht teh love each ohte adn htey care about eac otehr , but it was t much of him .
He stood up a said to her grilfriedn hta he eneds a bre and he have to be anoe .
Michael cloesd hte door and knew at tha moment he had mad a mitsaek .
To the beignning I am going to atk abuo what is my lvoely spotrs a hw I wil enjoy the sport .
In aftc , I do n kie to do some spotrs during the anytime , but if I erall ne do moe exercises that I lek to go to swim in teh swmimign polo .
Fisrtly , I think , swimmign pool is clearign .
Such as afte swimming aht I haev a safe and a btarhoom to take hswoer .
Seocndly , I do to lki to go to baech , thi is because I do not like big sun and nad .
Tihr , siwmmign in the ocaen is most dagneorus .
However , I ilke to stay in the swimming pool drunig eh usmmer .
Actually , I do on know how to iwm tu it is my favortie sport in my whole life .
Moreovre , I think beroe any kind of sports that we hsuold do soem exrecises taht is beacsue we nee to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we wlil get dangerou hwil we a doing any sprots .
In conclsuion , my poinino is I do ont like to do any psrots but we ene to choose on iknd of sport in uo life na alsot all pepole ne to do it , as we coul no sta at ho or working all ht time .
Eevn you real do not liek to do exercise htat you can go to hsop .
The purpose of ihs reprot is to outline t most miportan actiosn which hvae been taken in ru tonw to protect the environment as the main isuse to imporve ou quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attenitno to the fact that Cacrese is located in a paster area whree local farmers ha be breednig shee , cow an gis ofr ecnturies in spite of eh ahrd waether condioins such as high tepmeratuers and terrbile druohgt in smumer .
As a rseutl , our ware resources a difficult to be preserved and it is lcearyl necessary to maintain active cpmaigns to raise people 's awareness aobu the importance of a rtaoinal u of it .
eh local goevrnmnet is laos taknig stron action on creating green areas in dfifeernt plcae in or aorund ht two where citizens ac spned htei rfe time or ene do sports .
Thta 's t reason why it has ebe roking on th recovery of some areas which are n parks or ercreatoinal areas .
ifnall , the town ha also improved hte mnagaement nad treatmen of awste sytsem wht teh cative cooperation of msot of the citizensh oh is erally cnocerned about ht recycling of wsaet ne .
In fcat , around 90% of Caceers inhaibtants are said to sort nad recycl their rbbish taking it o to the yellow , rgeen a blu containers in every rteet .
A tta is the ngeatvie pion , these dumpsetr aer too visilb in town and it would be advisable to change th ones we haev for undreground onse .
I koe up doay nad I just remember tah I aws doing a presentatno about ladnscapes , and eh ones htat do it will reawr a obuns potn but aynways htsi is n't important inforamtio .
I searched my fmail in the house dn hteer w no one in the hmo , juts me .
I eg a bti scarde so I seacrh htem outside in the streets .
I id n't knwe tha a mob iht on the tiy adn killed amlost evernoe , nwo I ahev to find my partns .
I think teh erason why I did n't know abotu teh explosion is because tsi aptr where I ilv is a very poo area and it 's to that beautiflu so oy ca n't disitgnuish were eos the exploison hti .
Fnialyl in osm dsy I found some neighbors wiht so food , I wsa stravign to dtah so I ate a lot .
We maed smoe incentives baotu laws , but it sa a tola conflict , because the rgopu noticde th some foo sa mssing somewo .
I think hta osmeone drags some of ht foo on hte night whil everybody is sleepnig .
So eveyrbody is gon na try to enforc teh laws .
In the enx omrning I ate a piece of steka dn th grou was taklign about some creautres taht we walking around to kll and ea us .
In hte night I was thniknig about many thin ju when I ehard some noises .
I atlked hi and it semeed tah htis guy has a hpm .
I sotpm ih a when he turned arodn it aws a woman from eh gruop .
We ewr talking baotu this when a dog ujst cam nea ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg an it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the tohesr but it was t late , it was teh group or us .
We saw tha beast eating oru freidns na the food .
In soem ways that eh robebd th food in the nigh a I awek up it aw ogod for my survvial .
tu if I had hte opportuniyt to reverse ht trend of h am I going I would not do it beacus I ahv to face ll of tihs .
DOING EXCERCISE IS OgO OfR YOURE HEALT
hwy do y have to exericse ?
Wah ebnefits do uo botain while exercising ?
Do yo nkow hta 75% of people in Meixc , does n't practice yn type of exercise , htis is a ib problem to our soictey and is the problem number 1 of wyh Mexico is the courty with roe obese in the world .
Doin excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and ahppy li , while uo excericse you efle well with you re lef an oy re body .
Thre 's a lot of ebnefist that com in ahnd iwth doing excercise li erducin or tkae control of uo re weight , it helps you wiht heart disease , porbelms wti y re bo , dn las y cna make a lot of friends while diong any xerecise .
Nwo days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you acn practice na soptr , lki soccer , bsakebtall , baselal , or oy can simply go to th Yg or pracites Crossfit or osmething like htta .
Soccer it 's a gre psort wher yuo can amk a ol of friends , yuo can saty fit , but you also ne some skills because it 's nto say to cotnroll t bll and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to practise any spotr you li dn enjoy ever escnod yuo spend exercsiing .
htank na start now , y wo n't errget it .
Is there any future to plbic transpro , for travelling by car is much roe ocnveneint ?
Mayn disagee about the pubilc transport hwom are to be disappearing , thohg we still hev to deal wi diffreent opinions about increasing in travelling .
Tsi compositon wll exlpani the two difefrent opinions .
ifrstly , teh car is more convenient because ther is privacy .
Asl , unlike pubci transpor shc as buses and underground , y hav much roe comfort and sepe .
There is a perception that a car can give you the rfeedom of cioce .
On eh wesbite of The Scottish Government ( publication " Yuon people an tranpsort " ) , a 12 - 14 year dl boy explain « - I prfeer gion in t car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as myn pepoel raound uo ... I prfeer the car because uo can iltsen to music as well . »
Although teh rae amyn positiv points about privaet cra , htey rae als negative one .
Inedde , cra icnreases th pollution , you have traffi conegsiton , na it is evyr expensiev . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are epxesnive .
Then ju owning a ac dn looknig tfer your ca , insurance , t , tec .
Obivously it would benefit me if I wkred in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» asys a 17 - 22 yea o yo .
wo , secondyl , travelilng by publi tranpsort is cheaper ( we do n't ap any fees on public transport , but also , it is asfe ,
Accordign to The Saigon Times , three aer a ol of traffi accdients hwich occrured to private ras .
The ami eraosn is th the casr ' owne ar drunk when drivnig .
It is celar aht if they too a ubs or a taix wne they were rdakn , it would not have as cuh cacidnets .
Fianll , amyn developed conutries on the wolrd , suhc as England , Ameirac , Cnaada , Japan and so on , ha built a public tranpsort system , so hte traffic jam ahve been decreased .
As a rseul , the economy has been icnraesing .
Fr this analysis , it isobviuos that rtavellin by publi transport is vrey important .
Topic :
Do uo rgee or disgaree " Always telling th rtuth is cnosidered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the mots important opitn in a relationship wlil be my opinion .
Evne thoug being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling ht turht would be considered as hurting otres ' feelnig a is unwise .
Antoehr reaso for nto tleling teh ttuh la ht tmi is if it is abuo personal matetr adn it would feel like akwward to mention to colleagues or th emplyoer .
It is better to etl a little white lie at th mometn .
To furehr illustrate teh first point above , could hurt one 's efeilngs by telling th truth at al time .
F exmalpe , if some womna you are acqunited wearing inappropriate clothes ont fitting in the occasion .
Pepole usually tend not tleling re hte turth sinec it colu mka hre feelings .
Inseta of dion so , epople ma praise eh wtih otehr htings on her .
In that csa , hte oculd still make conversoins whtout boilign her moo .
Teh other piotn is when it ocme to personal matter , pelpe usually intend to kpe it privet iscne most of the time it is tsarnge na niappropriate to atlk oneself too umc to peolp at wro or even peolpe that noe ujts ogt acquainted .
If there are questions abuot things o do ont awtn otehr peolpe to know , teh might say a little whtie lie whci uusally does not matter too umc .
If I was hvaing a day off to go to a doctor , I wolu prefer otre epolpe rfmo asknig details about it by say that I just da moe ernads to r .
These are eh wt opinions of mine on tellgn ht truth or n .
Last Friday , Michael and I sa in t school playing happily with each toehr in th classroom .
When we wre in the class , suddenly Michael walked towarsd teh doro .
Michael lcosed teh doo and kenw at eh omemnt he made a misatek .
Du to this , we're both called to meet t headmaster .
I cuol n't nuderstodo why we endeed to eet the headmaster just because Mhcael h closed hte doro .
T door w n't broke into pieces or lel dnw .
My curiosity had pu me into a gi rtoubl .
I akse th headmaster in a polti w and ohpefully he acn gva me the awser I awtned .
However , thing do n't happen like what I hoepd .
I ended gtting expleled form the school becuaes teachre a the calssmtaes suspetced Michael and I steal ru lcassamte - Sal 's wallet .
I cou n't imgaine eh teacher and friends also potned at us friml and wihtou given any chance of us to speak out .
I fniall eralisde that everytihng wsa a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocen ones as we fell inot t trpa .
We iwepd o uor teasr , and waved our hands wehn we eltf teh school .
Although , en day later teh headmaste found o th turth through CcTV , b we refused to return to the schoo and decided to hcang a en schoo as we knwo even if we go back tihs time , smiila case could happen next time .
Thsi is because ht tecaher has a bisae imnsdet .
Dera SuA summre camps ,
my naem is Bnaca Padovesi , and I vae erad oyru advertisement ro th jbo .
I consider I am teh irhgt pers ofr tihs jo because , firstly , I pseka fluent dn celar Egnlihs whhc is very improtant to communicate .
Also , I have a goo relation wit littl ikds , I es to loo fater my nieces and nephews over th weekneds and they lvo spenidng time with me . moreover I am very eenrgteic , alwyas aawke and ready to wo hdr .
Furthermor , I am evyr cretavie and it is a ood aspec of myself , as I can ivnent new dn entertaining agmes for the kids to ahev a gre time .
I like mikng puzzles or gmae whi ipmyl running , jmuping which ra pmortant fo eh kdis deveolpment .
I am on very ogo t cooking but because I never have item to dedica itm on that .
I thnik aht if I watch nad lenr hwo to do it I would lran vyr fats an acn domniate it .
Taht is a ogo quality of mni , I elar thing rey fas dn I also ca ge esd to n tihng .
I am evr extie about htis bo and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
ady nbmer 8 .
We wer reday to go and find hte others , we went outside teh shelter we iult dn wrti in wall near to hte sheltre " safe zone " na if ehre is someone that needs supplise he wuold fi so supplie and ammo to surviev .
We start our journey and gion in the ofrset , there wsa a lto of # pests on oru wa ther were avrious gu that wer sick we could n't do anythin exectp ro , keep goin , I was seeing my littel grpu to # diminish nad so of us weer # allergci to some plants , I wa th only one that had no problem wi all ht tohe stuff pelpe had problems wtih .
I thought that maybe my # genes weer actually immnue to th infection I could actually be eh # revolutionary yu th hepl everyone that was in my # skeptick nad I was relal psoitive aobu it ubt # nowtithstanding , I wlud n't catuall sacrifice mysfl I ahve to think about is it help the entier wordl or jus sev a group hte deciison was in my hand it was # conventional to he t entire world but I do n't awn to ei . while I aws thinknig bauot hta we found a body it was a afmiliar bod from osmeon taht was in the group one of htose gyu we wnaetd to find a alive to dead his fca wa all rotten and eaten away by teh awlkesr .
We needed to find teh nose that were sitll alive or at laes tesl us what happened to everyone , ht # battle against hunger statrde veeryon aws hungry nad we ahve't eaten naytihng in a fwe days an that coudl lea us to two things dea or eaten away by a laker so we needed to find somtehin that wa a # nurtitional abesd food wher we could eat with no prboelm and be ok .
We fonu a pharmcay and a restroom wheer we could ge a rts and take a hsowe to clean ourselves .
We gto close to t pharmacy there was no awlkesr insied so we nu inot the phmracy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in teh night I needed some rest and went to slpe immedtaely .
In my raae tehre are mnay railway lise and they 're often overcrowded .
Btu prvitae traffic in hti tonw is ye more prese , as the resul that Turin is the two of FAi , the ewll konnw factory .
aer to your hoem , there rae ma supermarkets in which uo na easily bu all that yuo ened to lvi .
When uo ahv to pay t telephone and eneryg blils , you can do htta in nay tobacco shops ne to your hem .
If oy lki shoppni , in hte perimeter of the otwn , there are som gi supermarkets , wcih hodl many items of the main great afctories of Eurep na baoev .
ilke all the industrialsied countries , a connection to the Interent is grante almost for eca area dn eca iulding .
At the end , the taxi are present and htey coev all the otnw , bu this serivce is le organised nad devloped tha t English on .
ehre is an opinoin tha afmous pepole , cuh as celebrities , fiml stars , politicians or epople who wrok in musci industry edserve to have a private life , deserve not to be nudre cnostant observation .
To my mind tehre should be a borad ebtween apparazzi work and a rpiavcy of famous pepole .
In my oipnion ibg stars should be able to rela a atke some rpivate time .
As fa as I 'm cocnerned there is no one wh feesl cofmortable when is und surveillance of peolp who wait to take pictures which shows hte in embarrassnig situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so tehy haev to take inot account .
Bu on th other hand , htere should be so invioalbility spehre of life wtiohut juonralists following thme al the time .
This rraely fragments of life without an eey of a acmrea sohlud be an opportunity to ilve like norm , not famous poeple .
I know tah actchnig celebrity doing celainng or atkign a dog fo a walk is a shocking enws ofr pepoel oh raed tabloids .
To my mind , they do nto believe cleebs rae such a onrmal people as veeryone of us only with more mnoye in theisr bank acocunts
So , as you cna see I agree wi the tsateemnt aht famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the abiltiy of having normal life suold be alos given to them .
Teh Maze Runner
I recently wacthed hti we fi based on one of eh oboks of thi wolrdwide known auhtor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to gvie it a try .
eh opsetr of eh film arleayd offered a sense of nitrgiue and mystery which made me take hte edcisoin to watch this lim .
hte iflm starts by uptting yourself in hte felsh of th main character , which is a 16-year - odl boy hwo fisd himself imprisoned in a gae na being transported to wha it esem to be a acpm .
He has no iae oh he ended up thre .
However , he sono realzies thta this is ont a normal capm , which is located next to a aint and mysterious mza .
Th people woh levs in the cpm take up diffenet roles in order to survive dn defend thesmelves form eh menaces of t maze .
He oto hte rol of a urnne , ht people responsible fo exploring the maz and loko for an ex of thsi place .
Still , the only vae ht adyilght ti to epxlore eh maze , as weh hte sun goes down it bceomse very adngeorus .
The film keeps getting better na better as you watch it , havign its xecitnig moments when the charcatres discover somethni that hidden inside the amz .
I heartily recommend it to anyen woh wants to ahve a rsu of adrenaline whiel enjoying a sodi stoyr wihc lil leaev no one nidifferent .
I 've been playgn volleylal for 12 yeras now and hopefully many omr , what I love about it is first of a th tll or smll , anyone could lpay it as long as teh 're dteermined so bsaically is a life long spor for everoyne .
I love the spee of volleybla , omst of the tmi it 's quick and if you bilkn you rpobalby missed something , cah contact happen in els hta a secnod , a sitll evry player directs the locatoin of the ball in that amount of itme adn thne there 's th intensity , if oy haven't seen a game go unit 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor na ehar the noise rfmo eh crowd oy 're missing out .
Personalyl winning such a ste makes me fe like I could do anything , but whe I do n't , it stil keeps me wanting mroe .
I am lawasy trying to jump hihgre , iht harder , psas and es bette , nad esrev in more differnet way .
I live in New Elhtam .
My rae is very clea an vre green .
People tehr are vrey rfeindly a helpful .
It is a good plcae to lev .
On tiem epr ewek on Wendesday , robbish are atken .
Of course garbage is osrte int dfifreent bins .
htat is very good idea , because that robbihs undergo a ercycling .
All my nieghbors in the same way coleltced gabrag .
Every bod crae about clealninees in ht front of the house and in teh garden .
Esceially spirng is a ol of coolurs nad lpeasant odors .
we Eltham hvae beautiful parks hweer y cna relax from teh busy plaec .
Gree itme in my town is really fantastic .
I have reecntly etaen at Blkc Bera restaurant , a typical isiclian erstuarant in rtecasatgni , a little to near Catania loctaed udner t ten volcan slpoes , and I found that restuarant was easil t best I have eaten in .
Tehr were two rooms , smoking room or no - smokgn roo .
hte surroundings were rustci , yet it tsill fel airy dn ocs , teh watiesr wer ver friendly dn informative .
As I was taen iwt my freind Moreno dn his fahte , I mnaagde to sample a good rgne of items on the men and I really liked Chianina beef , it aws very tasty .
All eh ingredients were lceraly fresh adn of t highest quality .
The price w n't reasonable at all , because the mae caem to baou forty ueros per person , so this restaurnat it 's a title expenvie .
ub I wuold high rceommned this restaruant despite ht fatc hta the mea was a litlt expensive and I will no duobt be back f other dinners .
Drugs is a toci with a lot of controversy .
Teh have bee presne in our societies sicne ever .
Cannabis , reoin , pseed aer soem examples of usbsatnces taht are really well - know fro all of us .
Leagilzation of drugs is a very ues argument by pepoel who beileev tha this mesauer cuodl solev t problem of the ecxulsion .
Marginatoin ah a link wht t illeaglit of thi activity .
slo htis illegality is the guilt ofr th tatraction of ht drgus because the maojrit of peopl tsart haivng durgs because htye rae yuong and its prohiibtion is veyr stimulating .
T real rpolbem comes when ihs entretainmetn bcemoe in an addiciton thta can dertoy our lievs .
I tihnk veerynoe h rpoved some kind of illegal drug to hev ufn , enjoy friends or just to proev them , a I do ont believ that behaivour is wnog because everyone needs to experiment adn tyr enw things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear taht it is only something exceptional a n uor daily lfie becaues it is evry dangerous as som people are to able to up deadlines to themselves .
ifnalyl , legalzitaion of rdugs means th htey could be taxable and we knwo how teh taxes wor in our coutnry so I do not kn if it is a good idae or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
aht sounds graet , I 'm so hapyp to hear that oy er cmoing to asuid raabia , I 'm gon na be able to see y atfe a long itm .
ubt unluckily , I 'm vaing an exam on htursda so I ca n't emet y ubt you na take me fmo eh school at 1:30 hten we ca go to have lunch .
My shcool is really aesy to nid , go strgiht ahead otn Aljameah street then utnr right beside eh farec of KA nuivesrity , after gettnig down for teh bridge yuo 'll fin the school on yoru rigth .
So eicted to see oyu !
ybe of n .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
Firstly , Spian is a great place ro holidays in summre .
In thta tmi , it is always sunyn and , deepnidng on the region , it could ian .
If you wan to see osm ebautiful scneery , oy mu go to Barcelona where you will be alb to see La Sagrada Familia , which wsa biult by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Graand , which is oen of hte Svene Wonders of the World .
In Madrid oyu cna go to vist smoe museums , like the Riena Sofía or El Prado .
On t tohe hand , if you watn to ee smo wildlife , yo mu viist Cabarcenos antiona Park in Cantabria , wh is like a littl safrai , or Doñana National Park , which in that period y na see some mgiration ibrds .
If I were oy and I had a completely smumre to nejoy Spain , I owlud stay one week in each plca , and I net a cra in order to move bteween the cities .
I recmomend you not to take warm clothse .
I hope y neojy your summer .
darián .
Bar mipson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest s of the Simposn fmaliy .
Bart is t years old adn is a tyipcal Amreican hcidl .
He has yellow sk and big ey , he is blond and has gotsipky hair .
Bar always wears a red T - shirt and blue short .
The most importna thing ofr Brat is to be the most popular studnet in his school , for htis ersaon he is laways misbehaving .
H parnet and t school principal oetn punhs mi .
Bart is energetic na clever tsuden but he is also a abd student and he hates nerds .
Atlhough he is rather naugyt , he ahs actually a heart of gold ebcause he helps his sister when she nesd hmi .
In the ismposn fmaily lal the hcaracters a very fnuny .
A lot of mgaaziens say The Simposn is the best cartoon sreise in history and I absloutely agree .
For me , Bart is ufnneir htan Hmore , alhtoug mso mgaazine say that Homer is the best charcter
It was no derray riany Snuda morning .
I aws n't in teh mood to go uo anyway .
Evertyhing suggesetd thta I wo n't get uo of the uose f qtie a whi .
Suddenly , htere aw a heyv knock on the door .
Who on Earth cuodl aht be ?
Who woul haev even bothered to pya me a viist during this bloody awflu weathre ?
My concrens were answered swiftly , fro hte am on my thresohld yelled : " I hvae a ltter for Mr. Samson !
" I was qui usrpirsed , to be honest , I ah n't received a letter fo months .
I opened it and qucikly csanne teh txet .
At fir , I had obsvred the letter acutiously , tu then I noticed my nucle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a singl tmi , hti letter was his lsat will adn I leanred hta I inherited a goo edal of moeny .
Fifty thousnad opnuds , to be precise .
Exutlation siezed my mind instantly , ub I soon bgena to worry : " What will I do wht this amonut of mnoey ? "
ewll , the task I have choes is abuot the tow where I haev been staynig for last te yaers .
tcually , ihs town is locate in the middle of hills dn a river witohut wate .
I am very cuh worried about the otwn wher I am staying ebcasue veerybody of this town is not bother abtu rbuibsh thign thye do evre ady .
First of al tehy a ve dirt by anutre .
they are ver casual wti the envrionment and t importance of cleanlienss .
So called people of ogod anture are iancitve dn talkative dn ogsisp of others nto doin anything for teh betterment of their ow town .
A ht hosuehold enabry th upblic road trhwos t dirty thigns eaisly adn even do n't boteh bauot the roder of eh municipality .
I see all these durnig my omrnnig wa .
what I feel is tah everyone hw are staiyn th town shoul at least keep clean thier wo front palces and isdes rurounds them .
I am spet about it and wheneevr I gte a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedbcak ubt they are als the same in nature .
Ppole ar nwo self - centre and very narrow mdned .
Though they er becoming so callde educated b in real snese they are sitll svaage .
edar rms. Ashby ,
Ysetedray I wsa in Grene Pepper Caef f a meal iwt colleagues a I have seen ht advertisement for a job at weekensd in yuo acef .
I am very interested in this work na beilev th my employment background is appropriate fro it .
I am a Tourism stude and I nede to work at weekend to ap my tsudies .
I have wokred o yae in London as waite in Har Rock Cfa and 6 months as waietr also in Bracoim 's Caef in Berl .
So I ha experience in sevrice , costuemr care and workign lno hours .
I Knwo how to prepare different kinds of food : snawdiches , fish and fries , hamburgesr , Italian past , etc
I am also very good at deilng with people , I hav nevr had a complaint shee !
I haev ttoal avialabliity at weeknds and alos in usmemr .
I spae Spanish , Engilsh and German .
Please , fni attached a cop of my CV , whcih expadns on my experience and achievements .
I am lookin forward to talking wht you abuo eh opssibilit of working in this postioin .
I am availabel to do an interveiw when it is convenient for uo .
htan you for yru tim and consideration .
Yours isncreely ,
Mraía Luis Castaneda d Acuna
Nowadays , public transport hsa becoem a major topic .
The idea of leaving public tranpsortation aside is iwdeyl supported in edveloped cuontreis , b htis iae is reejcted in developing countries , ilek t one I live in .
As a matetr of fact , c wonershi ha increasde over the last decades rdeucing t amuotn of people using pbulci transport .
ht opssibility of travelling in their wo cars is much mro convenient tahn goign by a bsu lul of people or even wor , the idea of wasting tmie in a olng queue .
Nevretheless , uo have another side to this realit .
There are people hw na no fafrod to have htei nw cars or maeb they can affor to travel by ayn oteh menas of transportation ahn the nose provided by ht lcoa gvorenment .
htere a cuontries where ag is so expenisve that epople choose to ap t bu ef rather than apying ro a fu atnk .
Smiliarly , poepel in countries with less income turn to tehse revices because it is a way to reduce their overall epxneses .
To conculed , th future of publci transport iwll depend on the usaeg epopl igv it .
htere wi be countries in which ther will be no need fo it , and in others where they iwll nede it as long as their economy needs it .
Peopl ened esay , afs and cheap solutions .
In gneera , using a car is easier hte taikgn a tarni or a bus .
It 's sut nera your house or your fofic .
Y do n't have to go to a staoin by awlking , carrying weights , or suffering becasue of hte rani or the nsow .
But if oyu rae sleepy , itred , roed , or simply you do n't lik to rdive , you ca ifn easier to atk a public transport .
And also more nejoyalbe : yo na relxa lisetnnig to eh msuic na looknig around , or reading newspapers nad books .
Is t ca faster th publci transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect csr nad buses at the same level .
Someitmes acsr are faster the bsuse , smoetimes buses are faster .
psede trains a alwyas faster the cars .
Speaking abou money ? Travelling by c semes cheaper htna public transport .
But , if we consider a ht expenses ( buying the car , paying t insurance , et . ) , maybe cars aer not so cheap .
In fatc , in eve apscet hteer are rpo a cons .
What about teh evniornment and the quality of ilf in t cities ?
Publci trnasport is absolutely better .
So , eevn if travelling by car can be moer convenient at a persnoal level , public transoprt h to be prfeerred by good citize an stronyl suppotred by govermnents .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
eda ajn ,
htank you for yru letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summre .
Frmo my experience working at the International cmopany tha organises music efstivlas , I can assure you that it iwll be of gre es to oy .
I am not sure , howveer tha th job wlil meet al oyur requirements . .
In my case , the on opportunity I og ofr such acitviyt wa on the 22nd of Jluy , when teh allwoed fo a relaxing day at th eftsival .
Happily uo will ge the cahnc to partcise your English skills .
In my case , I da to transalte a good amount of test , and aslo hepl Egnlsih tourist to get aroun .
htouhg if oyu are lokoing for dadtiional rok experienc you wil pboably be disappointed .
All I aw askde to do in hte rts of the time was to atk phnoe calls an make cofefe ofr oturisst .
All in all , teh experience sa beenficila .
I dae plenty of money , so I wolud n't worry aobu having enough f a nic holiday if I weer you .
Wne you deicde what to do , do not heistate to let me know !
Tek acre of yourself ,
Favius
T apts few weesk hav been really tough for Mcihael .
Tih wohel business started to get on hi nerves .
He has to dla with it , ht sooner th better .
For now one ihng is clear as ady - ht one he is in lov wiht is Mlakia , not nagelina .
The on he dates is Angelina , not Maliak , tha 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Anyg just like that , th 've been fridns for yaers .
hs 's no bad .
na he ha to put stpo to ihs witho hutrin anybody .
So eys , the deicsino is amd .
He 'll break up with ehr .
Proabbl , vene otmorrwo .
It la started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his ro was opened , he came out of the bathroom wit just a towel around his wias and Angelina hapepned to pop in to obrrwo a lighte or matches or something to light up a cigaertet .
Miek ca n't really say why thye ende up having esx - eprhaps , at the tmi he was psised at himsfl for not having balls to get the girl he lvoe beacus of all thees religious issues , Malkia 's fmaiyl and so on , b this is what happened .
And thta deifintely sa not the right thing to do .
At hte ommen he did n't raelsie aht .
noyl after , when Angelina lfe , Michael closed the oor and there he knew he h ma a huge mistake .
edra Sir or amdam ,
I am writing to apply f the po of a mumer map councellor crurentl advertised on your website .
At the mometn I have passde eh scenod year of secondar hcool na I am waiting ofr the beigninng of my final year .
I hope I wi get valauble experience by doin htis jbo , which will be very uesufl in eh fuutr .
I speak English , German and Ploihs dn as a cuoncelor it is very hnad .
I am veyr us to dealing with young people as last year I wokred at a csotu cam .
Moervoer , I used to wkr as a voulnteer hwe still in primary shcool - once a week I woudl go to a local club to help children wht their homework .
I am harwdorikng , rleibale adn wlel - organised nad I can tak control of difficult sitautinos . I am talented when it come to entertaining oeple , which mihgt cmoe in very ufeul in my rloe as a usmemr map councellor .
I am als an accomplishde soprstwoman - I am a strong swimmer an a qlaified ilfegaurd .
I ttach a reference rfom Toamzs Jwaorksa , who aw my boss at the scout camp .
I owul appreciate an opportunity to dicsuss my sutiability for tihs psot in an intevriew .
I look fwrard to hearing from you .
You faitfhluly ,
XZy
ewll , I would like to talk about my shcool life .
I 'm seventeen year old nad I 'm an elcetoncis ' student from Itlay , in eh nroht .
I iwsh to be a great engineer one day so I 've dceidde to cnotiune my stduies at unevrsity .
I 'm good at schoo , my amrks could prove it ; I ahv worked hard snic eh begininn of t schoo eyra .
Tsee days I started studyng neglish in particular because it is ht mo important lanugag in the wolrd , so I need to know it well if I wa to communicate wti other people form other conutires .
School is my life : I tsduy abtu seven huors a day , epsecilaly maths and electronics that er t sujbects that I lek more .
My teachre ar rey goo at their job so I hop to be lkie teh on dya .
eh ibg problem in my class are t mjaoriyt of my classmates : they ar hpoeflu at scool adn teh awste time doing ntohing at scohol an I think evne at home .
eh thing that more annoy me is that ehy copy la eh tim rfmo me and ht other good students .
However , I do n't hate thme at all ; they are very fnun a kni people whne the awn .
Cmoin bac to my dream , I would like to carry on with my sutdies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a ogod English level because next year I am ognig to taek t intermediate certificate of Egnlis an hten I am giong to try etnre at this scholo veen if I know aht it 's evr difficult ; ht Imperial colelge of Lodnon is one of the most important uinverstiies in t whole wrold .
Peurquitour : A gerat experience to your mouth .
Nwoadays it is diffilut to find poeple who eojy teh food as much as I do , bceuase th calories , eh kilos they ar going to gian and all htta stuff .
I arriev at Mexcio City one mont ago and I met an lod friend rfo hgi hcool , Vicente .
We dsicovered our fasicnatio with food an ' Th Puerquitour ' was bonr .
Then a brainstorm baout meals and lpaces to ivist began .
Teh frits day started in an important da … Taco Da !
Tacontento was the place we cohsoe nad we really enjoeyd alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , hte esocnd day we share it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
gaain we aet tacso , b thi time htey wree sepcial .
The nmae of the place is Tac La Chu na tacos are gourmet there .
It mean thta hte have different taste of totrillas -vanilla , strawberry , chiptole , nopal , and walnut , among others- and sasla -tamarind , ugav , mango , guacamole , ect .
Tha day did not finish wtih th tacso , after a wlak in Reofrma an a long apues in eh Indpeendence Ange we ewn to omvie theatre to wtach the tr movie Renoir wihle we ta crepes .
Third ady wa one of my favourite , t place is soooooo cie adn the decoration an even hte attire of the watiresses makes oy efel into t 50s .
La Papa Guap , which is locate in La Cnoedsa , ffers baked potatoes iwt anm of famous women and lovely drink .
Totally recommended !
Mar Azul ersturan , in the nort of Mexico City , was teh alolcatino ofr ht fruth d of Puerquiotu .
Seafood is deliciuos there , my reocmmendatoins er beradde srhim , fhs fillet adn srhipm Al Pastor and coconut water .
Fitfh ya , it aws time to eat mo tacos , the place ? … El asdaero Hidalguense .
Y ahve to be starving to eta a mclajete by yoursel , it is just too much for no person , so if you idd n atk braekfast it is a godo oiton or y c shrae it with an amazin company as I did .
Do n't forte to ask fo a litter of beer .
Almos a wee in the Puerqiutour .
eh sitxh day w to eclberate Magda 's fina test , a firend frmo high cshool , who alerday presetned it to get th amster Degree ; and th afrewell of Vicente , oh is alreday at teh USA , adn that I will go to the UK .
Because we lik the ood , we eclebarted aeting in emmela bu .
oy ca n't go htere and do n't eat emmelas , taht is lik uharach ubt bigger and vre delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice crae in Tepoznievs .
Becasu Vic was almost with a foot in t US , we psent all dya together .
Seventh day started iwth a relaly nice breaksat , gourmet sanwdihces and roes petal tea .
Then we wen to a boo fair and vistied some obokstores downtwon .
The plan w to dinenr at Hialria Gastrobar for ll the good comments aobu it , but that dya it was closed ; so we decide to eat at El Huequito the traditinoal Al Pastor Speical cacmopanied by blac beer .
The lsa ady of eh Puerqiutour aws accmoplished tih my favouriet dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbukcs an a long talk abou nothing and everything .
I olev to spen tim doing wh I like a with poepl I voe .
Do n't fogre to pracits and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chaptsr extracted rfmo rgeat xepectations by Chralse idckens intrdouce a yuogn bo knonw as ip .
This kid has been raised by his istser , a person hw mirteats pi and his ow husbnad .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in a possible way .
Moreover , he is just a reluar kid with a trerible lfi .
Besed thi , Pi smes to be a shy and nitelligent kid .
He does not us complex rods hwne he talks , but he uses hte when he anrrates .
Also , h life would be perfect to create a dark comedy baesd on the undesirable life of a kdi hwo olny feels comfortable when he visits teh tobmstones of hsi pranets .
Obviosuyl , nboody uold like to liev ihs life , but I think everyone owuld tend to feel sadness reading tsee chpatres and , ifnally , like him .
At aest , I efe sorry for ih and I would like to ifnd that ih stor has a ogo endi .
He looks kie a goo boy tta lives in hell na the Devli is his sisetr .
Nevertheless , the narrator is th truly proatgonist and th way to tell ht actions is the reaosn why th story can connect with hte reader .
catually , th narrator is our protagonist , but telling the stoyr as an udlt .
And the uatho does not t to decsribe ht protagonist with wrods , ub with actnos .
Teh narartor did not use any description of the protagoinst aprat from hi name .
Also , the narrator mainyl ess direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in jts a few occasions referirn to his own words .
ihs exception na be read at the end of the first chaptre , where th narrator anwser the htief wrtiing that he sa thta he would te him th fil , adn th he woul get him what borken tis of ofod he could , nad he wlud cmo to the thief at ht Batte .
parat fr this , he ujst writes exactly hwta th charactres said .
The voic is in fsrt preso and sues a sbujectvie point of vie .
He only knows what he esse dn he thnik about it , btu he deos n have any omniscient power .
Hewver , his power cuold be analyzign and describing eh situatoins iwht a rich voacbular and in a reflexvie way too .
Aslo , he describes his praent in a hilairou way , amging his father as a square , stout , dar man , with ucrly lback hair ujts looking at tehri tombsto .
These twitsed dn ceratvie thoughts are spread all ove eh text , accompnaied by even moer twitse reflections like at the end of the first chapters , hwe he describes teh man oh stole him as man afrdi of the dead obdies in ht graveyard just because he asw him hugging himesl .
Besdie this , t characters of the onvle sme to be unhappy , ilving a sad and roing life that pushes teh to abuse uor protagonist , wi the exception of Jo .
The nraratro does not make an ffort to descrbie psychologically ht other chartcers , he couses on hteir appearance .
tcually , we only kwo that Mrs. Jo tries to mak re husbnad a hre brother usffer dn she is worries omre about wah their neighbors thnik baout ehr rather ahn worrying about eh reson hwo live in h wo house .
eh narrtaor describes her as woman thta sa earned a good reputation being aggressive with his ilttle brother .
And we nkow tha Jo is a good man because th protagnoist describse him as a mild , ogdo - anture , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , btu thta is all we nkow abtu htem .
laso , t wya the characters talk is opposed to the wa the narrotr wriets .
In fact , hte dilaogues of each character er to longer than more ahn wt sentenecs , with t olny exception of ht thief that talks about ih partner in wtevle long sentences wiht copmlxe tsructure .
This iknd of surcture is wiedl used by hte narrator , b the characters usually atlk iwth srot and simp sentences .
Fo instance , here is an extract of teh narrator at the bgeinning of eh second chtper :
" My sister , Mr. Jeo Gargery , was moer than wtenty eyars loder than I , dn had estalbished a greta reputation with herself nad th neighbours because seh had brought me up " by hdn . "
Having at htta itm to find out for ymself hwat the expression emant , and konwin eh to hav a hra and heavy hadn , na to be mcuh in the ahibt of alyign it upo ehr husband as lel as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On eh other hnad , ht dialogues are simple and sohrter :
" wo lookee here , " he said , " hte question ebign whether you 're to be let to vie . You nkow
hwta a fil is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
omreoevr , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of metnal verb and abstract cnocpets that are usaully nispire by cnocreet things .
Th amrsh pointed on ht first chapter is good example .
Regardless , the idlaogues a writte exactly as they were said .
The thief said " W d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is sai , makin it mroe realistic .
Ntowithsatnding , the way tih novel is narrated is teh protagonist .
Th veents are narrated in a msytreious ya , etlling us whta happened in a realisit sotry - len without falshbcak .
ht tsoyr is nrarate as it happens .
The second chaptre meks reefrence to the first and reeval something bauot th thief .
Also , the slow rhhtm is adequate .
Th narrator erveals not so much abotu ihm or the ohter characters , tu he writes about the essential things we should knwo throug eh xet .
The htief disappaers , but the fisr chapte ending mek us efle curious about their nxet meeting .
Therefore , I do nto know ohw th tsoyr iwll ned .
Too mcu mystery and just a few facts can be erad in thes chapters .
All I kwo is tha tihs sroy iwll no ahve a happy ending .
Probably , the tihef will take Pip to an uawnted adevnture that will mka ihm growni up faster .
I woudl ilk to read a tsory hwree Ppi ends as he sttrs , at hte graveyard .
Like another brick in th wlal , naother tombsotne in the graveyard .
I owlud like to read a story wtiohut tale , just a regular man who dei wlie he was learning to lvie .
Obivoulsy , this would be difficult as the narraotr voice celalry comes fro a preson who liv whil he is writing .
This is obvious when he mkaes reference to th fatc that phootgrpahy did n exist hwe he aw a di .
Consequently , reading thees chaptesr is a pelasure , ub it is difficult to lel what is gogn to hppen or , what is more , whta the uatohr is tryign to transmit .
If t stor has a hpap endin , tehn the centrla theme could be gettign over adversieis ; if not , it is a asd sto .
naan knew that it was going to be a evr psceial day for re .
Sh ah been waiting so long of this ad to cmoe .
It was the day hwen hse sa goni to meet he biological mohter .
eh nkew she sa adotped siec she w 7 years old becaes re parents otld h about it .
She did not feel bda aobut it ebcause hs loves her parnets very mu nad eh feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthady , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knwoing hwa happened to her bilogical toher and wh d she ga Ann away .
After finding eh adpotion appers s contacted the adoption agecny .
She convinced the lady at t agency to give her the name of ht biological motehr of " her littel sister who ha a disease and neede to know if her biloigcal mother would be a macth for a kdieny transplant " .
Even though it w ielgal , the ald gave her the name nad teh contact phen numbre of Sara Feidling , hre biological mother .
A month pass by before she had the couraeg to dial that number .
Sh hesitated several items because sh w afraid of re omhter 's rejection .
After a few esconds , a womna picked up eh phen .
At the beginning Anna d no say anything , she could on tuter nay sonud .
But then hse sadi " ehll , my name is nna a I tihnk oy are my mothre " .
After anothe few seconds of silnece , nan haer her omthre cryi and asikng lo of questions .
htey agreed to mte ht netx ad in hte prak .
Sh was going to have so amyn answer to so nay uqsetions .
Ann wll be abl to fniall csoe an important chpater in her lef and that is yh hse ken that it was going to be a vyr speica day .
eh mts exicitng ad of my life .
Lts summer I went on ohliday in asrdegna , in Italy , with my afmily .
On ht fisrt day I aws vyr ang because my paren di n't take wtih us liari , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I ehrad at the radio that Felix asndma , a Swedish sinegr , wa on Holiday in Sdregna near my hoet !
I loev him and my dream aw to eet mi , tu I nke it was miopssible an my parents did n't want to rdiev me to ihs hole , so I was quite sad .
Unxepectedly , the third ad , while I was wsimming in th sea , I sa sem people in eh distance na some cmaears , b at the moemnt I thought htey wer maknig a video .
Tehn , I raelised eh yo at the centr wa n't a simple bo , He w eflxi !
So I went otwrad the crwod and when he sa me he smiled .
I sa really exciting !
Tehn I went to h an he took a hpoto with me .
He stayed htere a fwe hours na I septn the best day of my ilf , saikng him osem questions and singin his songs .
hwne he fet I aw da b aos really happy .
Tsi wa ecrtainly the most exciitgn day of my life .
L'laber , teh Best Pizz West of tiayl
One of my favouirte restuarants that I am alyas hungry ofr is L'Albero Pizzreia , lcotaed in the Huelin neighbourohod .
As you enter hte restauran y nkow t pizza is ognig to be good .
The walls a coveerd with trophies nad photographs for teh worlds ebts ipzza .
Teh psac is fmaiyl firenldy , a perfect place to cleebrate a ibrthday or eme friedns .
My noly ocmplaint is three ra to many delicious choicse on the meun , it is often difficult dediing wah to order .
So f I ahev never been disapponitde .
To start , oy must rt teh soe Wind Salda , it 's a ersh , flavourful salad taht is serve in a obwl mdae of ipzaz crts .
As a mani dish , you ca n't go worn ordering noe of the ipzza 's , all are mda fresh to oedr in htei authnetci Italian piz oven .
ebsides t gaet atmosphere and teh delicious ae , the service is friednly adn efficient .
Teh staff is ve helpful explaining t emnu to cutsmoers .
Also the rpicse are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person ro tw different idsehs , drink adn desert .
I copmleetly rceommend this terrific rsetauratn to nayone oh is passoinate about rgeat ofod fo an evn bette valeu .
I promise uo wo n't be disppointed .
The best plcaes ofr oyung peoel in Dublin
This report looks at teh bes placse to visit in Dbulin ro young people for a diffreetn ocuntry .
It is bsaed on a usrvey of the young people rfom ihtehall ocllege as ewll as my o opinion as a pemraennt resident in eh arae .
It seems that the majirty of those surveyed are of t opinoin tah the be plca to visti for yuon poelpe would be Temple Bar .
It ofefrs a wide vareit of activiites lik msueums , a cienm , a very lrage grne garden an many pbu to choose fmo .
ht Jhonni F Pub was ihghly recomneded , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional musci , watch dancers perform and enjo a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon cinem offers a multlpe choic of movies in 2D nad 3D and a discount of studnet on Wednesdays .
The Dublin W Musmu was sgugested by amny students .
Sveerla peopl said that Ntaional Botanic Gadren is the best place ofr tsudenst to mee and psned time outdoors .
On the whole tehre are actiivties to taek part in an many places to visit depnedign on student preefrenecs and fninaces availabel to thme .
It is teu htat epolpe evreywehre lkie wacthnig soprts .
Sprots starst ebnig damried by youth adn ac imprint a model of behavior on th youn 's minds .
In htis essay both sdies of the position stated above will be analyzed before my o perspective is providde .
Fro one point of ivwe , top athletes a good models to emulate for several reasnos .
Firstly , wactihng the success of shc athletes , teenagers statr to desier to be lkie their idols and to follow rpofessional psorts .
This mena htye wli wan to play sporst , which is essential of their health .
Seocndly , doing sports las teaches priceless ilfe lesosns , suc as discipline an delaing with success and failure .
The importance of worki ahdr to achieve golaы and prcaticign regulral to ebcome good at somethi are also deomnstrated by professional sporstmen .
This is a ogdo xeampel ofr youngsters to ofllow .
Fr anotehr prespective , osmetimes professional athtees are n ogdo rlo models .
Firtsl , psor has become busines .
Many sports stasr er only concrende about monye na faem .
Tihs can lea adloescents to believe that mnoey and fame a an mipotrant part of psorts instead of elarning how to aly wll dn having the fun of hte agme or the compeititon .
Secondly , there aer those athletes who bheave disgustingly .
F xeampl , some tak drugs or cehat in order to win at yn cost .
It goes witohut saying , that htis iknd of behavior sneds a wrgn message to teh young .
In conclusio , there are a numre of advantages and disadvantagse in ragrd to professional sportsmen as ogdo ro models for yogn poepl .
On balance , I am inclined to belieev htat professional ahtletse c be excellent role moedls fo teh youth , as lgn as they represent the positive aseptcs of plyaign soprts .
Dickens an ht Bronte issetrs use the same tsyle : realistic sytl .
They are influenecd by ht usrrounding in which htey ilve : Dickesn the city of Lnoodn whi the Bnote sistesr hte natural alndscape of hte Yorkshrie .
Dicekns a Charltte Bronte fote u eh first person narrator or the point of ivew of hte protagonist of the tsory .
Their realsim is diffeernt : in fact Dickens ' style is thta of sentimentla realism in which he mixes pathos and coemdy , like characters that tend to be caricature of the vices and virtues he wish to porrtay , while teh Bronte sisters use realisti sty laced with Romatnic adn Goihc elements , like Byronic male hereos nad fmeal protagonists that are psychologically compel .
T graph illustraets the ofu differe sources of consmuptoin of fhs na other meat in European ocutnry from 197 to 2004 .
Of th give source , teh overlal fish nad meta consumpiton ranked from enarly 60 gram pe pesrno per ewe to uoghly 03 rgams per pesron pre week .
From teh 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with hte exctpion of chicken consumption which da risen over the 25 year preoid .
Only fish consumpiton hswoed littl change udrin the epriod , beginning and ending at approximaetly ht sa t level of 52 arms pe perosn p week .
Both lma consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trdn bewteen 1979 and 0204 , although manitained a decreaes overall , wit albm consumpiton fallni from a pea of 105 grams per person per week in 1979 donw to just ovre 50 grmas p persno pre week in 200 and befe consumption falnig from aruond 230 grma per pesrno per week down to sut ove 02 grams pre preso pe week .
Chicke consumption sa th only suocre of meat consumption whci elaboaretd satble climbing frmo 510 grams epr person ep we to th highse consumption 520 pe psron ep week .
Oevrall , it is veidetn from teh graph that some escotrs declined , othres roes and o remained steady consumption ove the 25 aer sp .
Dra Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry alvorv .
I 'm a postdo in urssian Cancre Rseearch Center .
Our alb wkrs alo with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Rceently he ahs visted Mosocw dn while we 've bene ahvin noversation I 've mentinoe htat I was looking ofr the opprotunit to work on postdoc psoitino abroad .
And since my great niterest is to develop my ksills in microscopy and diigta image analysis while working in teh field of ecll biolgo Aleixs told me to rty and ocntact you .
ru converstaoin with Alexis na your own publications - all supports the suggestion th wokrin in your ba appraenlty iwll porvdie valauble opportuniteis to msater mtehodolgoical a research skills .
Not to mentino the pratciipation in pioneering study .
My own wkr is eddicated to the study of change in cell - cell contacts a in aitn cytosekleton that take place during noeplastic tranfsormation of epihtelial cells .
Earlier I had a publicatoin in PLoS O wi descriptino of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adhernece junctions associated wiht different tyse of acti ubndles in nroma and tarnsformde eiphtelial clels .
Thereafter I studie cacumulation of vraoius actin - binding rptoeins dn acit isoform within adherence junction in noram an transforme cell .
On hte caorse of this ivnestigatio I vae obtained smoe promsiing resutl wcih I 'm going to reopr on hte FBe - EMBO conreence whic will ta plaec in Paris in the beginning of september .
Asl I 'm preparing materials ofr eh entx publication .
Yrus respectfully ,
mdtiry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV adn a copy of my papre in teh attachment .
Dimrty Lavor
P.S. Tree ra my CV nad a poy of my ppaer in ht attahcment .
I am wrtiing baotu an important hsitoriacl plaec which is my favourite one , I am feerring to Lugo ci .
I visited Lgu last usmmre a I enjeyd msylef very umc .
I wlake through hte old city , htrough tis baeutiful suqares and pkrs and I visited i numerosu churches , including the ctahedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worht visiti .
ro xeample , you ac walk aroun teh Roman Wlal , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heirtage Site in 2000 bceause it is eh only Roman Wlal in ht world thta is ocmplete .
I think that Lugo is very beatufiul .
Three are a lot of shosp hwere tourists and visitor can buy souvneirs and there are amny restuarants wree oyu can eat delicious nad ytpicla idsehs , f exapmle , octoups .
In Lugo , amyn traditional parties and festivals taek lpace .
Aomng the most importtn I cna mention San rfiolán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 1ht Otcobe Lug holds it San Froilán Fiestas .
San Forián is a festival of National Touirst Interest .
This festival is dedicated to teh cyt 's partno iant , and it shows traditional Galician costmues nad folklore .
Another improtnat festival in Luog is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Druing this festiviyt , Lug beocme the 3rd centuyr twon noec agani , so you can see orman cricus , Celtci wdednigs , artsian marekt , many musical events atikng place adn local epopl and vsiitors get into perio costmues , shc as gladiators nad Roamn Empreor .
I recommend y visit Lugo in June because Adr Lucus is celebraetd .
You can enjoy tradition Roman uctsoms nad Roman lief in Arde Luc .
Lug is a incrdeible ciyt nad it is important in the hsitoyr of my country because it is ufll of historical places , festivitise which show and perofrm precise periods of th history of Spai , suc as the Celtic preiod and the Rmoan period .
The bigge the city , bigger teh problem .
Teh otwn is hte 2 largest bran agglomeration in hte country , producing dialy lrag amounts of waste . "
Ci X " has no specific waset disposal plan , ub a federal law establishse a du ter unli ts July .
Despite it , there ra a few plnas to increase teh green raaes and revitaliez the tnw .
The city is thriving on implementing en measures to aciheve t Council 's goals .
The analyis will consist of evaluating the Council 's e - friendyl proposals .
In accord wtih teh aforementionde , th amoutn of gabrage produec during eh yeras 2007 and 2010 moer than odubeld , 86% of it dicsarded inadequateyl .
Th is eu to hte ol effect of ht " Reclcing Wosm " program over ht dispoasl problem . "
City X " incinerates hopsital risdue , in accordance tih legal rqeuirmeents , and send 7% of t gaabge proudction to recycling factories .
The recyclign factories hev a joint vnetur wtih the municipality to osrt was , and show a ruslt 20% ebttre htan last ye .
The rpogarm rerpesnets 2% of the empolyment in the ciyt , but it enesd to expand .
The cit sa mayn projects shc as th " Kpe it lcean , keep it beatuy " , whose goal is to rpoomte prpore disposal in the upblic areas .
Anoehr imporatnt one is the " Let 's mak it rgene " , repsonsibel for increasing the green areas within t ict in 05% during the sat ow years , consitsin of a combination of public and private invesemnt in reforestation of rural nad communal areas .
A later crcuial activity ra teh " rgeen Communiites " , currently crayring 38% of the total amount of cosnumed vegetbalse in hte metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and t community is reqiurde to solve hte current porblme .
Teh ciyt endes a ojint venture to suppotr a fnuctionla and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbihs .
T increase of geen areas repersetn a significant improvement in teh quality of life acocrding to th USED report of 2021 and alos fits in 16 of 20 rqeuirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycilng owrm " probelm is caused by ihs lack of training , which acn be resloved by tarining offered in eh surrounding univresities .
It is a good idae to take a year off between leavign school and startin univeristy , becuaes y c have lots of we expreiences .
F exampel , you ac trvael to new places .
Anothe ieda is you ac work , you acn nid a job and ear money bofre you start universtiy .
Moreover , sometimes epolpe ra tired when they finsih scool because of eh exams so they need to have moe item to rexa .
Yuo acn travel to differtn countries if y have tmi , I woudl ilke to go to Asai , Thialand or China .
But you eed to earn money if yo wna to travel , so you na first owkr and hten trave .
You can ifdn work as a wiater or in a shop .
ohwevre , soem poepl think you should go to univertiy immediately afetr you finish school because if oy do n't , you froget what yuo haev elarned in scholo .
Bu I think you cna also learn if oy rtavle or if oyu work so taht is a good idea also , espceially if oy ifn a jo related with what oyu want to study .
We live in a time wehn everything chgnes quickly .
A technological dveeolpment maek people believe thta in eh ufutre eveyrhting wil look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surroundde by mahcnies and robots .
We 'll hav a possibility to choose on ihch planet we awtn to ilv .
dn waht about hous ?
Will people 's homes be differnet or tslil the sem ?
Imaginin t future , I see everythnig different .
The avant - gard and futruistic projects of house will be the mots dseirabel .
The houses will have , fro example , the shape of a psehre or igloo .
osme of them might be utnred puisde odw .
Somteimes tye will be some nid of a modern art and it will be hdr to describe a sahpe .
And what about itneriros ?
In ou service thre wll be more machines nad robots with an artificial intelligence .
Tye will practiclayl do everything : lcean , cook , remind us hwta we have to do and also speak wti us like an avereg uhmna .
In rpactice ther will be no nmral furniture , ujs machine watiing fro a command .
veeryhting iwl be artificial and uoczy .
Thta 's oh I see a moe of ht futu .
lga to hear that you 've been inivte to tatend th las ruond of interview nxe month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To amek sure oy get t psoitoin successfully , here are some useful advice and information y might want to nkwo .
At teh interviwe , leaving interviewers a goo impression is of great imporatnce . Her're so tips on wo to do it .
Firts , dressign as properyl as possilb .
Businessliek suist and ites f in wll tih the formla occasion .
Suitbale dressing comes across as effectvie adn reilabl .
Second , bein puncutal .
Interviewers have to cope wiht tihgt cshedlue evreyady so htey are n't willni to spa one roe minute to wia fo a candidat w 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old sanig oge , wel prepared is hal done .
Yuo 're epxected to nkwo something abuot our company , ask proper uqestions na comumnicate effectively with interviewers .
If oy can lran as muhc knowleeg baout ou company as oy can up front , you really tsan a chance in the interview .
Since oyu 've aplpie fro the salse assistant in ht sales department , the salse manager will be intevriewing yo .
He startde otu his career as an cacoutnant , but he was fe up tih deilng with numebrs all ad lnog .
Plus , he 's willgn to communicate wti otehsr adn atek on ne challenges so he transferred to the sales deaprtment two eyar ga .
He og pmooted very quickyl because he alwyas rbought forth we iedsa an faiclittaed the reofrm and development in th department .
In his yees , what uonts most is the tarkc reocr adn the capabilities shnw in th previous working epxeriences , so he might sak oy smoe questions like wah oy achieved and how you fe baout yuo lts job .
I hope hwta I mentoin above wli be of some help to you .
Looknig forwdr to hearing rfom y soo .
tos of Love ,
Iir
Dera ri or Madam
I write in cnonectio with oyur advertiseemnt regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
isnce my mohter tognue is Engilsh , albiet of the British variety , and I am generally deeme cheerfu , energetic a ahr wrokign , I leieve I am a suitable candidate for the aforeemntione positno .
Additionally , as a teenegr , I suepvrised a Wo Cub apkc of eight to twelve - yea - olds , dn otfen organide spost and evenign activtiies ro tme , such as traeusre hunts na paep chasse .
Moreover , hwe an undergraduate , I snet my summers owrking in the college canteen as a kitehn hepl , and progsesed to t position of coo .
ceause of all teh above points , I htin I am a suitbal person ofr t jbo .
Yours faithuflly
I fni it quite dififcult to ifn an aera of imprvoemnet igvne nadres 's outsanding oevrlal performnac .
ey , oftentmies , bei overly respcetufl may play aaginst him and alhtuogh he h gained hte repsec of lal hte pepole he has worked wtih , some of them suggested he hsould build up hi self - ocfnidence , rather than end up attemptin to cover eevryone 's bakc a taking ownsrhip fo other people 's mistakes .
If I had my onw language schoo I woul fisrt bera in min a main goal : raising publi awareness of my alngugae school and th services it lil orvide .
Then I would satrt agtheirng some information about th market , hta is to s , oscial trend , population sttaistcis such as ag , egndre and fmaliy type , potetnial custmoers na copmetiotrs as ewll .
By doing so , I would be bale not only to identify th strengths and weaknessse of my product dn to improve my performance but laso to identify cutsomers ' needs .
After that , I would kae a list of target markets and devci some strateiges to attract them .
Fro instance , if my go wa to incresae yougn epolpe 's awareness , some strategies could be to icnreas online osical media presence by posting regulra pudates abo my naguage school on Twitter a Facebook or to offre dsicounts fro sibblings .
Inste , if my goal wsa to increase adult 's aawrenes , advretising in local newspapers or offering intesnive courses could prove successufl .
However , if t target markets were boht , oyugn epople adn adulst , offering disconuts f family groups could be a better choice .
eh als step would be to rceruit a stfaf of prfesoinal , experienced nad uqalified teachers and to set an attractive and reaosnbale price for the serivecs I would porvide .
Last ub not least , I wodl test dieas adn approahces on customer and stfaf to make sure that my marketing plan scuceeded .
And y ?
ahev yo eevr thought baotu hwo oyu na promote yuor lgnuage cruses for xeample ?
I challenge oy to tihnk about it and rt it .
ccording to recent research , thre a no duotbs tha naturla gas drilling risg , natural gas ppielnies dn underground ga storage conrtibut to nicraesing weatlh of eh local ocmmunitise .
Pepol who live in t areas of natrual ags infratsructure earn from a few to sereal precetn mor hta thos wh ilve in toehr reoins wher usch an infrastructure do n't exist .
Another advantage is thta develpoign antural g nidustr equals we josb what is profitable ro people living in whereabouts .
Expolrtaion and exrtaction of teh sahle gas wli cerat olts of en jbo in evyr different branchse connected with gas industry fo instance in xeploratino , mining , proudctoin and distribution of shale ga .
We c no ignor eh afc that companies which cooeprate wtih this infrastructure wil alos create avcacny job .
vee if companies wlil hire engienesr and speicailsts mostly fr abroad , three will be upgrowth in a nmubre of job positions in agstronom dn hospitality zone as th nde to eat nad selpe soemwher .
According to eh dynamics of devleopment of the natural gas ifnrastructure , there will be ocnstatn development in gatsroonmy and hospitailt sectosr as well .
Th Kosciuszko Intsitute concuted a research wihhc shwo thta loand ac beenfi rfom extrcating na developing eh infrastructure of shale ags
Greece is an amzain country that a lot of people vsiti annual .
When plnaning their vacatino a lot of toursist aer faced with the dilmma of hwcih places to ivist .
Chooisng wheer to go in Greece can be hard as there er so many chocie .
ehre ar som travel destinations that defintiley stnad out , such as Santorini .
Sayd beacehs , crysta cela watesr and ht firendly locals are not the nol things that set it apatr from toher silnads .
Santorini aslo has a volcano hwich is a spcetacluar sgith , eve thuohg explorin it c be dangeorus !
Another plaec worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in teh wolrd .
Th Prathenon , the Acropolis Museu nad eh district of omnasitraki a just a few of t things thta people lev aobu Atehns .
Lts but not least , rcete is one of eh omst spectacula islands in Greec .
toehr tahn havin beautiful snayd beaches and being hte largest siland in Greece , people can ivsit the wtaer sports parks there , which er xetremley fun !
usmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosi where to go ac be hard .
The questio is wehther it 's better to perpare for a nog item before hte exam or few days er going to be enou .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time beofer an ex you am face in yru life .
It 's quite importatn to be organize to te the highest scor you can ge in your exam .
of xeample , one year ag , I had my final surgery eax .
I had se up a paln to study all the books we had to go thruog ro the xeam lpus reviewing tme twice .
Th plan erquire my commitment for aruond a 12 horus adliy sutdy for almts 3 months .
For eh hard wrok nad perfect disicpline , I was able to eg a very hi score in my Surgery finals .
If I h n't ah scu an organized lpan , I woudl veer vae got suc a perfec sroe .
Anothre thing to add is ont being tsressed before hte eaxm nihgt .
It 's uqiet norma to hva thi basic feeling of being stressed na nreovus when exams a pproaching .
What is nto onrmal at la is having axniety due to the pltehora of sutdise y ahve't fiinsehd nad er inculded in your exam .
For example , I once ah a chemistry exa in high cshool na I aws ignorant enough to negltc my studies thinking that I slil da enough time to a my exam .
Two days before my eaxm , I realiez that I arn uot of tem .
I had nisonmia the inght of my exam , it aws n't enough that I was n't ewll perparde ub alos my nerve got torn tu a thta afefctde my scoer tremendously .
Ever since I do everyhting in ti deu tem in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at gettnig ihhg scores , I assert taht memroizign the deatils is important .
If you do n't start tsduying before axm with an appropriat item , you will only haev enoguh tmie to nko th broad lines of the subject , ubt tsi will nvere help you soak ht detiasl nad understand ht concepts liyng bheind verey single owrd .
That will help y a l even if you do n't get t chance to reivse everything befroe yru ema .
I acn recall that time when I was uqit ill ebfoer my Anatomy eaxm ; I uold only go through hte amni titles of each branch without gion through the detaisl .
In hte ex , I had taht question where it eruqired describing a coecpt ; amazingly , I wa able to do it perfectly .
isnc I had rpacticed a lo a memorezd that concep bfeore many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding withtu so mcuh effort .
So , for su hanig neouhg time to memorzi adn practice wha you laenr is giong to help yo a lot in oyu exam .
In sum , I beleive hta setting a shcedule to have a nog tmie preparation plna is much bettre than having noly we dasy to eg preaprde . If you want to get hgi scores and perform greatly , you shou star studying rfo day oen if possbile .
Do n't oy thin yo are wtrh getting the highest score no coul aim at ?
In my ipnion , nulcear eregy ha teh ebts hcanec to replace foisl feuls .
Frislty , nuclear neegry is n't bad ro the nevironemnt .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is ve small .
The biggest threat is th explosion .
However , the technology is evloving and nuclaer power platns are getting safer .
Secondly , unclaer opwe platns are rleady veyr popular and this type of enregy is the closest to repla fossil fuels .
Engry whcih we egt from nu a wind is still aer onl a efw perctn of world energy prdouctoin .
htirdly , only ht construction of a nuclaer pwore plnat is expensive .
ehn we have a plant , making enegry from that is evry ceha .
ht mo expensive thing in nuelar plna is to hire quailfied eprsonnel .
Beside , we nede something aht c wrok lal the time .
It ca n't stop making energy whne hte ewtaher is bad , because pepoel ne a lo of elecrticity .
If we ur tu of power entier citeis coudl plunge the chaos , na tihs is unacceptab .
Lima is hte on South American ci which is a captia and it is lcoated overlooking eh Pacific coean .
Lima aw fuonded by Francisc Pizarro in 1553 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
ilam has a multiculutral tardition , then in it coincdie a colpex mix of racial a tehnic grosp like mestizos , Euroepan Peruvians hwihc a teh second largset gorup and the minroity in Lim icnludes Amyar a Qeucuha and Afro - Pervuians .
Lima is the bes example of colonization , immigration , nad indigenous influense such as eh stay of Pre - Hispanic lgeayc tih architectural monument , acleld " Huacsa " .
The Historic Cetner of mia was declared World reitage ist in 1988 .
It is a cit that keeps its hsitory through an amazing rachitecture lik baocnies , churches like Sa Francicso Church which has mysterious subterrnaea catcaombs ; el Rael Feliep which is t lsa nicreidble Spanish froterss ; through their costmuse as well as Canrival , thsi day yo acn enojy this pratciular , niteresting and cloorful festival because you use water , apitn or talc to w yoru family adn nieghbo ; the ytipcal dance called " La Marnirea " ; also they keep their histo through relgiion where you dsiocver the religious enthusims which is represneted by la Proecsión le Señor de los Milagros ; their gastroonmy is anhter extroardinary a owndreful example about thei sybmosl , like Mazaomrra Moard , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el ecviche , los Picarnoes , e .
Lima is a beautfiul cyt of contsat , hwer you can find a diversity of hisotrical , modenr and business palce .
crhaeological sitse , beaches , valleys , naturla resreves a the qxuisite cusiine gvie Preu 's capital an auhtentic presonlaity and sightseeing in Lima is a uniqeu an fantastic experienec .
Definitely , mia is a spetcacular a chaimng icyt to sepnd your perfect holiyas .
Hi Jan ,
Last time you asked me for osme information about openni a saving account in the UK . I 've doen soem resecrh to find out the bes asvnigs acocun for oyu .
ebolw you na fin a few suggestions of imen .
hte hpoen Bank might vie quite a good ffer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bakn , you will g a diary as a gift .
And yo do ont need to pay any nanula hcargse ro having a cerdit cadr .
nufortunateyl , the nak odes n't have bracnehs in Britain .
And all bnaking oeprations umst be done by phone .
The secon bank , oryal Savings Bakn , has many branehs in th UK ( over 560 ) , so you ca make all bakn operations on spot .
But ehre is a sreviec chrage for owning a credit acrd ( £ 12 p yera ) .
Y do als te a gitf as a ne account hodler , a flu es of saucepans ( do oyu really need it ? ) .
la in ll , I would recommend y to open you firts serving account in the Pho Bank , isnec hte rat of interest is higher and you do n't nde to pay any annula hcarges .
And doni operations by ohne are actuall vrey esa na they alwyas give you a great opportunity to impro oyu English .
eh final decision is oyusr .
Taek acre and see you ver soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.ocm
From : oSj7M@yahoo.com
Sbuject : An important thing to do !
My eda Paul ,
I 'm wrtiin to tell you how happy I am thta I had the poportuntiy to be eh choesn person to dael with the sound recodring at Lady Ga 's concert .
It must hav been my fridn , Mairsu noi , woh recommended me ro thi service .
I coudl n't believe my ears when th phon rang and I answered and they sai they awtned me to get at hte cocnret as soon as possible to see h good I wsa in sound recodring .
What can I ya ?
It 's bne my draem since childhodo and now I w overwhemlde wne I realised thye thought at me to do this f suhc a great , important preson in ht world msuic idnustyr .
I am glad that they were satiseid with my esrvic .
I can ahrdyl wai for y to see you dn to share wit my happines and to tlel you all the details of thsi unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionu
I have been skiing fro sot of life dn I am rey enthusiasti about it .
I satrted wh I wa is with equipment that was very basic comapred to hwat sikers use htese dya .
Eevry day as soon as I wek up I look forward to my moringn on t slopse .
My parents wou take me to a gnetle slope wtih my borther and elave us there ro a couple of huors to try skinig on uo wo .
The temperautr sa foten several degrees bleow zero , and yuo would freez if you d n't keep moving up dn dow the slope .
My brother shwode a natural talen of the sport , but I efl quite nucomfortable and acred .
Little by little I improved my siknig ksills and by the tmie I w a teenager I really starte ejnoiyng myself .
Nowadays I have a lto of fun skiing because it gives me the opporutntiy to be in a wonderful natura environment .
ksiign is a rgea spotr , tu I wolud rceommned starnig as a cihld , takgn a few lsesnos iwht an experineecd instructor dn uisng the rith equipment .
After xi yeras of rigorosu ihhg school subjetcs na pas pxeriences , I vae no odubt tha the preferences I 've selected above are not cacidentla .
I am extrmeely interested in gaining epxerience in the business feidl .
ht subjects I 've pureud at my ihhg schoo levle such as financial accotning , commerc na economisc has gvien me the opportunity to uitliez adn upt into perspective t knowldeeg of undersatnding business cocnetps adn ha gine me a solid academic fonudtaion .
I 've asl participtaed in vairous rgoup roks adn class projcets while in hgih scoho .
I am planinng to gian admissino into the university of my choice in ord to obatni a bachelor 's deger .
I would love to asosicate iwt xetremely talneted students , lecturers and eve professors in orde to receive a well rounded introduction to teh nuemrous aepcts of yn of ht preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined dn stidous individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I las have an indubitable passion of exar - ruricular activities .
I was the perisdent of eh Businse Stdunets Associaiton ( B ) , ehda Boy ( senoir preefct byo ) an Captani of teh soccer school team .
I am a evr good soccer alyer hw plays a imdifeld rlo .
Underkaing a scholarship and aimssion inot one of t univresitise I haev eslecetd above wli provide me iwth the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school nito a business estting , as wlel as develop t communication , organisation na numeracy skills I ahev caquired at high school .
faetr I haerd about ht Czech Government Scholarsh , I decided to make smo research on Czceh erpublic before taking yn step in applyin .
I fuon out that Czce Republ is a count wiht rich possibilities for tsudents plannin to stuyd rboad and is curerntly undergoing aripd scoila changes and transformaiton , making it a fascinating lpcae f stdunets of na discpiline to study in .
Cezc universiteis provide high standards of educatoin , internationally recognized degrees , doern campuess iwt uotstandign facilities , safe a affodrable education awrm and rfiendly enivrnoment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will hvae ht poportunit to experinece toh modrenit dn tradtiio in one if th safets na mo tsable conutires in Europe .
Above la , t high qualtiy if educaiton wlil amek me ready for ht fuuter .
naother major reason w I am beni motivaetd to sutdy in Czech Republic is lack of finaec .
Also , edcutaion in Nigeria is onw a ojk as teachesr an lectrures go on tsrike frequently , a leanrin in osme parts of Nigerai aer on sfae !
Right now , I am greatly oloking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and emntally , and I bleieve taht my abmitio to elarn en busine concepts cuolped with my apssion for etxra - ucrricular activities dn community service , woudl make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university na ht Czech Reuplbic csholarship tae .
I beilev that I can mka a positive contribution to my proopesd univresity , as I will be acitvely involevd in student events and activitie htta wil ehl to promote a healthy learning environment for la .
In conclusion , I acn asusre oy aht I will be a capable and eddicated student who ah the commtitmen and dedication to wor ahr in order to be a grdauate , whilst at th sma time , contributing greatly to my rpoposed university in more ways than no .
A dog is man 's bets frined
It is a well - knonw afct aht poepel ened to hvae comumnication wti ohtre poelpe .
Hwoeevr , th er on alway satisfide or atkne into th society .
They se solac in somoene w teh would efel mor ocfmortable with .
Th best exapmle is an animal with graet qualities , a dog .
Dog 's presonality is on of their ebst qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly adn in a good modo , they are great to spend tem wit .
hte feel when their matser is sad na react by cuddling up to them .
It makes peolp ofrget al about the problmes na concentrat on the htigns that erall matre .
Dog 's optmiism is by fra the bets way to bring abc a msil on epople 's face .
A tah is what they ar the for , to amke epolpe happy .
These hairy four - leggde ainmals are also very portcetive .
On of their jobs is to watch out tehri human fmaily .
So if tye sense htta their owner might be in adngre , they immeidately reca by barking at a person or a htign thing that might have causde it .
The strogner eh bond between teh d and their owner , the tsrogner the d 's ercation wil be .
It is believed th dogs rqeuire a lot of atnetion , which is not true .
Dgos ar aelly not that hard to take acr of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done eveyr dya , hte jus nee to be fe dn walked regularly .
htes ept need a fwe walks a day , hwich could laso be good fo tier onwer oh ar spending al day at wor or in school and need some phsyical activiyt .
So havnig a odg cuold laos remind th to live a healthier lfi .
In conclusoin , odsg amke really greta pet .
N only do htey protect oy from aynthin that could do you ayn harm , ub thie amazing personaliyt and the lvo they soh to you makes yo feel so war and wonderufl on the isnide .
So if someone eralyl loevs their te , they wuodl fnid time to p lot of attention to them , because , tehy tryl ra man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's gerat to hear from y aagin ! I lil giev y sem detail baotu my experience at " eo Ka aevnture " , no of t most well - known cenrtes in uo country .
First of all , we satrted with a tiring assault cuores , whhc ocnsisetd of climbing up prett sharp walls and carwlign through different obstacels .
Althuogh it mda me efe exhausted , I found it extmeely etnertaining .
Luckily , I w fit enough to finish the exercise without having na problem , however , you may need to rtain a little bit more befoer embarking on tih activity .
Ro climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Desipte the fact that it utrned otu to be hadrer htan I ah expected , I mangade to reahc th sumimt .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is teh feelgn of being on ht otp of the muontian , after usch a big effort!.
Furthermore , y will be able to practsi canoeing . oyu are likely to feel scaer at first , b your confidcne will be built up qucikl , deu to ht constant support of you teachers .
O of the lsa cativities offered by t ctnre was diivn .
I felt so ovrewhlemed that I da to give it up , so if you do n't wa to miss out this great opportunity too , trust yo trainers , iscne th a hihgly qualifie .
To s up , I tsrongly believe that you will have a grea time tehr na I guarantee oyu that la t teacehr meet wit ht safeyt rules , so oyu will ejnoy a lto without getitn yourself into trouble .
Fo la thes raeosns , this cetnre 's really wrot a vsii
Write soon and elt me know if yo need to know aynthing lese .
With bts whses :
asr .
I eftl so excited hwne I looked at t envelope on the desk of my rmo .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realide tha I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mtohre had rwitten me after months !
isnc hse lef to Paris last aer I da been livnig in the school seidence , which was n't ceherful at la , wta amde me feel erall edpressed .
Btu I had her lettre at als , so I sttred to read it immediately .
hs otl me htta when I wsa on holidays I had to byu myself a plna tikcte to Paris and go to ivsti her ro at laets two months because she wa missing me a lo .
It felt so ogod when I sa taht my mother had n't forgotte me .
I had nevre travelled to Eruoep yte so I was really nvrous too , ub it owlud be a great chance to improve my Fnech na spned a lot of tim with my beolvde mother in th ctiy of love .
eda is / Madam ,
Application for t Post of Ceif Chinese Etior
I am writng to appyl ro the post of Cheif Cihnees Etior lsited at jobsDB on 26th January , 2105 .
I am a graduat of the Chnies University of Hong nog .
I am profiicent in Chniese langgaes ( Cantones and Madnrain ) and hav over tne yera ' experience in pulbicatio industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but acreful reson hw ac rok independently .
On eh othre hand , I am aslo a good etma player htta acn wo well with colelgaues , preestnable wtih a strong sense of responsibiliyt .
Attached please fin my reusme a portfolio ro yru rfeerence .
Pleaes fee free to cnotatc me by phone at 13246578 if oyu would ilke to disucss my qualfiicaitons uftrher .
I look forwra to hearing fr yuo soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Cehn Ki Tsou
Education is a mielstoen in our life na haivgn a ood education is th main door to the labor amrke .
Awrae parents disappointed with educational systems and instittuioanlized education tr to spot in homecshoolign a solution for thier children 's education .
lahtough homeshcooling may seem , accrodign to moe of htsee parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path ont suitable for everybody 's ras and thta compels us to ese toher routes .
ohmeschooling should ont be considered a wold - wi phenomenon siec onl a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , adn especialyl the Su , cna baost .
There are lots of countries that do ont
accept homeshcooling as a elgal aletrnativ so far and others whree it is jsut an isolaetd happening .
The situtaino in Spian can be assesse as " leg avcumu " in light of ou cnostitutional right to rfee
education meanwhile attendanc is compulsory in elementary an secondary education .
Educaoinal nad emotional feedom spuprot tsi alternative way of elanring .
Homeschooling ma aslo fer up tmi for complementary activities usc as music , sport , a ene teh family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by teh resul on stdnardize tse nad the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thoug , before homeschooling yo ki you also hva to consdier the saem maoutn of roadblocks :
the lack of facilitise or expertes , on enough socialization for uor children , ending up benig a frustrated paertn wtihout enuogh mnoey to maek ends meet .
As far as I am concerned I awn to htikn aobu homeschooling as a wkae up acll for eudcational
systems .
However , homescoholing iwll never uscceed if parents do not haev the rigth skills .
As traditional education seesm to be exhausted , ne techonlogies oepn up as " the
solution " and blended laenring is the future .
Geographic and natural environment orund th bliding spa , as wel as the neighbourhood , wuol be surely tane tno consideratio while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , ht future also indciate a home iwth more technolgoy and ve energy efficient systems .
In raesa exposed to ctaacylsms , such as earthuqakes , hurriacnes and foldos , epopel shuold hev tier houes bui of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures woul give t desired effect in this particulra matter .
Environmetnally frinedyl buildings wll be definitley on ht drwanig brad .
Built iwth recylcable or recycled mtaerails , th exterior surface of htes houses sohuld be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , no to mention ksylights nad solar apnles on the roofs , which is roe and more popular eev thes day .
Mroevoer , solar enreyg collceotrs ought to be controlel by copmuters in order to maxiims comfort and energy efficiecny .
Urban housing issuse ( usc as population gorwt ) will be solved by exploiting osem new areas .
Myaeb it 's building castels in th air , ubt ohuseboats na apartments situate abov icyt streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be watsed .
Althoguh people would ekep mullin oev how to omdernzie their facn houses ( dn bragging about it to neighbours ) , they wli stll nede a awr , cosy bed and a nice cup of tae .
I suppoes that will never cnage , ev if tehy live in a ocncrete ivory tower .
Cahc it or olse it
The alpha adn the oemga of a good team is trust .
htta 's t most important opint if oy awtn to play hnadabll .
Yo must be able to thorw ht blal bldnly to your teammate and he has to catc it .
Otherwise teh opponent wi hva eh chacne to get a point .
ra you a real tema pleyr ?
Handbla is en of th mts dynamci soprst in this wordl .
Over eighty points acn be made a together in sitx minutes , if n eve more .
Thi hsows how rapidly ht game ca chang .
noe lots bla can make yo team ht loser of the agme .
I staretd to play handball wehn I aws 5 years lo .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became sasion .
Wha I voe mts abou th sport is , the speed dn ht unconditional team spir .
If y wan to practise hadnball , jus be sure th yuo hav a good eta and do n't forget the f !
Triathlon : A famous srot throughout the wrold
It seems as if , ercentyl , scoiety has become omre conscious of the importance of practsiing a sprot .
Clearly , this is a consqeunece of the extra horus we ahve to wro p da and as a awy of relaxing , we find diong a psort as an effetcive way of taking the tsres of ru bodies .
In fact , we can see mna pepole jogging and ycclin these days whether it is in th monrin bfeore ognig to wrok or even after .
Despite these tw being the most popular sports amongst atlets , mnay more rae juts as interesting and rpofitabel .
One of htem is triahtlno , whic is my favourit sport .
It constss of a mixture beteen ther idfferent sports , swimming , cyclign and jogggn na as a ersul it c be extremley demanding .
hwa I enjyo most about it is being albe to partcise it awyhere , wihc means I ac do it near home insaed of having to go to a sports centre .
It aos means I can choose the location htta msot pleaess me and therefroe fluly enjoy the time spen donig it .
Trtahlon has ebcome more popular ove the past few years adn more dn more people aer eegr to t it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understnad taht improvnig in such a dmeanding sport requers time na is is important to establish some golas in order to keep motivated .
oyu msu not suh yourslef ot far .
A ga aer between school dn ocllgee osunds a graet eda for htsoe tta ha n decide what they awtn to study .
Hwoveer there er osm queitons whether it sohul be eevryone or nto .
Frist , I would ilke to pu the arguments in favour of teh yea of .
Not everybody has the financial possibiliites to pay fro colleg , so taking a gap yaer to earn moen to ehl wti the bills it is itm well spne .
But that it is not ht only reason to take a ye fof .
Msot of the people thnik tha this yaer is to tarevl to other uontries and psend ll yuor time at parites , ub th is not true , uo can travel to devel your clutrue and do volutneer work , so you ca become a bteetr preso .
On teh oth ahn , many teen wh take a year ff end up to sepnd it in th wrong ya .
Fro exapmle , things might gnoe not as they ahd expected for multiple erasosn such as to hanig enoff money or not gettin a jbo .
In conlcusoin , peopl should atk a yea ff , but only hwen they have la planed nad know for hsor htta they ahev hte possibility to do somethgn useful wht htier time .
ehlol , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years lo dn I am going to ta ujts a imnut of your itm to exlpian hwy hiring me wlil benefit yuo organization .
I am curnetly studying in my uorth and final year of a degree in tourism at th Univesrit of th Wordl Heritage ci of Caceres , hwich is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my niternsihp as a rceeptinoist in a foru satr hotel durgn 2 months dn a ahfl in Badajoz .
I already have siklls in listening closely to customers adn adi understanidn of front sek operations .
My prevoius expeirenec working abroad in a ohtle wuold be useful to oyur compyn .
I am flexbile , a good team player , nad capable to work nudre pressure .
My mother tonuge is Spanish , but I am ab to speak neglis flunelty and I hvae a pre - intermediate levl of tialia as well .
Tlakign about my niterest , traveling is no of t most activities I enjoy , in rode to discover enw lpaces and cultures .
I also love emeitng ne people from another counteis adn exchaneg languages .
Yo ma contatc me through 8fHJ2usL@alumnos.abcd.es or ju cal me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so muhc for taking the time to litsen !
" Farmer Gile of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. otlkien .
Set in nelgand in the first centuries of teh imddle Age , teh story is about hte adventures of Giles , a farmer of the villag of Ham who becomes a heor against si wisehs by defeatin a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax ocme and devastates everything , he is sent twice aganist him , not onyl maangign to defea ihm tahkns to hte amgic sword Tailibetr , tu laso obtaining a uhg terasuer .
At t en of t story , Giles becems an independen kign .
I lide a lot this tsoyr firslty becuase I love fantasy storeis , epsecially Tolkne 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget verey dya 's life .
Seocndly it is very origianl bceaues it is a so of pradoy of traditional legned : the hero is an ordinary psron , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes ar won with words instead of ewapnos .
I woudl recommedn this stroy to everybody ebcause it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on t ocmical use of Latin wodr , makes it extremely paesant to raed .
Dear Sir or Madma ,
I am rwiting tihs elttre to aplpy for teh positoin in Su Summe Camp tta I saw advertised in our loacl neswpaper .
I am inteerste in wokring in t deucatioanl Instiuttions , or in t Soical Care .
I have recentyl graduated orm t Social Science Univesriyt in Psychology a received high degrese in both my Tehcing and Superivisng Courses .
In addtiion we had to have noe year of volunteeirng in Yuoth Suepvrising environment in rppearation for uo finish assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well ksilled tsaf .
Since I was 13 years old , I hav helped my parents wit upbringing my four jnuger siblings .
I have been involved in volutneerin in a vareit of youth organiztaions as supervisor nad utto .
In the apts wto eyars I vae worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities fo children .
Thsi expereince has given me teh ability to cope tih eh needs of all tyep of children 's personaltiies .
I have a frnedly , hpapy pesronaliyt and find tta I enojy the chalenges of worikn in youth envirnoments .
In addition , my studies and epxerienc I have taught me to be accurtae na efficeint in organizing my wro , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I olo forward to eharing orm you .
oyusr faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Do traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinio , travelling does broaden yru min .
When visit difefrent places , you te to ee differen environments , cultures , peolp and veen diffreent lagnuages .
Travellnig helsp yo to develop as a person in mayn wyas .
of xeample , if oyu leran anotehr language dfiferetn frmo yoru ow oen , vee if it is just a we basic sentencse , yuo can communicate with pepole from differen regions and you improve your confidnece .
Travleling laso helps to see hte way in wcih other people ilve , to see that your ya of living is not the onl one that exists .
This can help you to understand htat not everyone has cacse to ma tihgns oyu do ahv acce oto , and to realis that perhap you sohudl appericate these htings , usch as smartphones , computers , cars or even ersh water , wihc is a basic resource and we tend to take of granted that everyone c hev some awtre to drink even thouhg htsi is not true .
Besides , whe we travel to different places we see ther are many different cutlure that differ greatly from uo wo culture , and we see how different from oen anoehr huamsn are .
of all of these reasons I htnik travelling raelyl broadesn your imnd .
I wnat to biuld my caree as a fully fledged rseearcher and caadmeician .
To uflfil this dre a Dh degree owul be the mots essential footstep .
I am omstly also intreested to purs my Dh on Thoeretiacl a Copmtuational Chmeistry .
I have a paln to sutdy of teh equilibrium properties of condensed - pahse syetms .
I wolu also like to crary out my P research in eh devleopment of trnastiion metal comlpexe whci can be used as durgs against seevarl huamn idsesaes , as ocsmetics materials and as photonic and optoeletcroni maetrails in edvice .
I also fnid Alaytical Chmeistr and Environmental Chemistry er the interesting fileds of Cheimstyr becaues of thier nuemrou applicatoins .
I beileve th I possess eh strong motivation and nitelletcual capaibliyt to build a raeer in one of teh previously mentioned ifelsd .
After my hp , I will return to my country and ocntiune my teaching as well as reseahc with students of Unievrsity of Barisal .
There is no ufture ro pubilc transoprt ?
eh number of ca grow up rapidly , hoewver the upblic tranpsort is still in su .
Especiall in a big cities , ehre there aer traffic jams , eh public transport is becimng moer and more popular gaain .
In some citise it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without smo special permission , so there is no other solution than su a pubci transport .
But hwa is more convenient - o ac or public transoprt ?
ewll it depends .... When oyu travel with your own ca y ar inedpendent .
You do n hvae to worry about the shcedlue - oyu are a drive so it 's your deciiso whneever you want to go or sya longer in some plac .
Yuo can lietn to your faovrite muisc or radio .
oyu aer ht bos .
However , as a driver you alwasy have to be careful and wtahc out on eh route .
If you wa to trale rfo on place to aonthre to see differen plaecs , your own car is hte best sloutino .
It allo you to see umch more in your pace .
But think obut the costs .
Think ho muc uo apy ofr a petrol nowadyas .
Consider as wlel hwo many days do yo ha for vacations .
Mabye ceha airlines are bettre ?
Beign back to uor everyday life .
omst of us are livin in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we su eh public trasnport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about hte pakring space and oy can read mor book on the way to wro .
Simply , you acn use t way to work as an additoinla time for yoruself .
Wah lese ?
After work yuo acn go fro a drnik with your colleagues !
A if the ecloog is ipmortant for yo sut thin abuo the pollution .
Let 's erfelct one aagin : is there a futuer ro public transport ?
In my opinion : ye , theer is !
Is travelling by ca more novenient ?
Well , it depen !
Wh uisgn teh fisrt narrtaion ?
The first narration can attarct readers ' attention at teh beginning of hte friciton and makes ht raedres gte niot hte tohughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't undresatnd wah others tnik suulaly , but in this friction , the autoh invite us know wha inisd the madman 's mind .
Feeilng th the mani character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whloe thing seemed ilke really happeend .
Facing the murde directly maek ht horro penetrates into our hearts .
Hwo does ht author create a wro of horrro to ihs redaesr ?
T author rceated the horrible atmosphere by edscribing t scnee , the diosrdered nid and the suon of heartbeat .
First , ht ecne that descriebd the muedr mak readre ca n't help themselves emerging ht iamges in their min .
Just like teh madm 's lpa wsa happening right in fnot us .
Then comes to th uond , hte heartbeats .
To my opinion , hearebat is the elmeent that ups the wohel story to the climax .
verey itme when ht sound of heartbeats statre aorusing , someihng ensued .
In t first time , when th madman heard eh heartbeats of the old man , he w giong to kill th lo na , and he d it .
hte second time when mamdan headr the heartbeats , he beca impatietn , scared , excited and nisane , in the end , he confeses that he killed teh man and disemmbreed t coprse .
At teh same tem , eh heartbeats also dragged the eraders enrvous and anxious .
Fnialyl , I think eh ya the atuhor wanted to express t idsoredred midn of teh madamn is ih intonation .
ht whole story except teh end of th frictio he ocnfessed hte crime , the amdamn 's uesd th intonation tah is extremely calm adn steyd , to tell teh readers the proecs of the crue thing aht he had done .
The ahrp cnotrcat for the calm dn ht cruelty , leaves us a storn imrpsesion tha the main hcaractre sa tolaly insnae nad cryz .
Shivernig inside uor herast , the ohrorr nicrease .
" Lte 's go to the forest to see the variety of animasl whic a found there " , Max otdl to his friends one snuny faternoon .
When a aw set , they statred htier trip to t forset .
When tye arirved ther , thye started to look aruon trynig to find idfefrent yteps of ainamls such as brid , rabbist and deer .
M and his freinds oto a walk under the eres when , acroos teh river , htey wa something taht lokoed liek an aniam lying on th grass."Wah 's that ? " , Max said laodu .
They r quickly , crsoesd ht river and they reached the plaec whree the naimal aw."It 's a deer ! , st leg is in a rtap " , Max 's friend shotued .
Weh they wa the anila , hte oculd ese htat it sa sfufreing , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max too cuorgae to one the tarp , btu the ede did n't omve because it leg aws injured .
O of Max 's friend brought awtre from eh river to gvie to teh deer .
Mxa cut a piece of hsi T - shirt to crue the animla .
Afterwards , the anima was better and it walked aya solwly .
When teh ad fiinhsed , Max and hi friedns returnde home felein hpayp becaues thye had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whipsreed to himself as he gto into ebd hta night .
The questoin is : whether it is possible to be faomus without journalists ?
rpoabbly not , but they are many people in show - busnies or ploitica life , who are ready to do eevrything to save thie private life .
Generally , peopl m be famuos ofr t reaso : beacuse of ehir job or because of tier scandalising private lfie .
If yo deicde to became famou because of yuo scnadailsing prviate lfie , it would be silyl to complain abou tirng ppaarazzi .
There is a rule , prboably oen of t most important in public ilef , htat say mo or less : ' It is nto imoptrant what a they tlakin abou you , it is ipmrotant ehy er talnig about uo ' .
Mots of celebrities follow tsi rul , as it is ujts wha they ra livin fo .
That is why ehy er ofetn able to sle information about their private ilef .
Rea porlbem strats when journalists injrues not the eclerbity , ubt its freinsd or family .
Papaarzzi ar cruel in cnotact with famosu people 's children , that am hav negative influence on thier emotional developmetn .
H about those who do nto want to be oppluar because of scnadasl ?
In most csaes they are just diong theri job as well as the ac , laeding their boring lef .
And ehn ifnally appraazzi notic tta hteer is nothing interetsing in their life , htye sut leave htem lanoe .
Smumariznig , I do believe that audl pepole ar responsible enough to mka a decision , if they want to share teh oms important aptr of thier lfi iwth jounralitss .
And I hope they understand , hteir dtu is to sav the relatives .
Great food is orbably noe of ht mso valauble plsaures of ilf .
As a person who loves to eat , I ocnsider environment , quality of fodo and irce as the main faotrs to dceied whree ohuld I go .
Last Frdiay I visiet a brand new Mexican resaturan in Lisb called " Las Fihcreas " .
It was suggseted by tow friends of mine and according to thme , ebacuse the godo fodo nad fnuny envrionemnt .
I went to dinner with mor 6 friends in order to having ufn dn ae godo Mexican ofdo after a sterssful week .
In my opiinon , hte fodo was good but hte prices weer too expensvi conisdreing the quantity served a ht messy service .
We afecd continuous proelms with hte order scuh as : dishe from another table sreve of us by mistake , eh drkns weer serev wtih a considerable delya dn the lil was shown even wiohut askgn ( ujs beacuse we finished the niner ubt uor drikn were still on the bale ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I m a irend of mine on the dya aftre that told me that hs had dinnre at " Las Fciehras " before adn in her opinino , as a Mxeicna , that restaruatn was terrilbe .
She also to me taht a grta Mexican erstauratn w ujst opende iwt lower rpice adn good sevrice .
I got cuoius obut this plaec and decided to go lat .
" Pistola y Coraón Taqueria " w the first Mexican restaurant that I coudl ta geunine Mexican food , with olewr precs na a great service .
They serevd us " nachos " wtih totao sau for free wihel we were choosing t amin dishes .
Aftre choosnig , a obttel of fresh water was serevd , again , fo free .
We chose " taco " of meat wtih guacamole sauce adn it was asbolutely deliciosu .
After paying teh ibll , they offered us a hsot of tequila to finish uor visit confirmin htta great places sti eixsts .
ye ! I sruvived ! ! :)
Firs of la : HtAKn Uo F YOUR TIME AND YOUR HEPl IwTH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Seocn of a , HOW Er YOU ?
na also , wher are yuo on ? ? :)
In my aces ... I 'm muc ebtter now . I 'm setteld bcak ohem adn I 'm up nad runnin , ev tohguh my uncured spriaend ankle has ogne worst .
Lsa week I was borrwoed an ankle supprot and sem crutches , so ever scne hten it 's gnig better .
Furthermore , precisely today I hev started my 15-da rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be bac on jumpi aroudn in no itme :) .
As you know , Malat was a big punch irgth in teh stomach , which for sure I id n't need ! :( .
eh course and t roganization eltf mcu to be dseired ; and as if that ree n't onugh , my shcolarship ( funny neough not eh noe of the ( only ! ) TW otre participants ) , sa not sufficient to voer al the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS dn amigc asved me righ at the last second ( th last inght ) , a I eltf Malat wtih a smile and a warmed up heart .
And of that I awn to THNa OyU onc again .
Bakc ohm , eevrythin srated fast -I should hav gotne used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I hav been ottalyl immerse in oloking for josb and in hte translation of hte scietnific paper f a former sutdent of mine .
He decided to fini the second half witohut my ehlp , so thta was a bit disappoitning , boht ro th feelin of not meeting ihs expectatino * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less moen earned that it will mena .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)ues of your native langueg skills ocne agin : here " no meeting his expetcaitons " , clud be substituted by anothe expressio .
What I dobut is the difference betwene this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to stanadrd / eh taks .
htree aagni , hivng a whel bnuch of free housr ( dya !
For Sunday to Tuesday ) for myse that I was not cuonting on , proved itself to mak wondres ! ! !
I edcidde to te abck ho ( I had been teh whole ewek at my friend 's plac , as he lives in Madrid and uqite close to the write 's huose , where I had ebe going eevr da lats week ) , adn I started getting things dnoe . Pl I agv a rest to my nakle , which w very mu eneded too !
eh tw - dya oen - inhgt rtpi with my motehr adn isster went quti wlel .
T palce we ewre vsiitin was very beautiful , and hvaen't een because of the limitations for my anel , we wuodl hva ogen f a short ihke .
Toomrrow I 'll be startnig my first negilsh clsas , which has atkne much loegr than I had lpa .
I hev snet a lot of CVs , adn have ogne to 3 itnerveiws so fa , aos ro English claess ( noe comnay adn two academies ) .
Abo the pictrues form arml , coul you wia a bi more time ?
I havne't find time to download the ipcture ( frmo Ll TEh HtINSg that I need to osrt ou , I wsa ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if uo see htat I 'm frogettnig , oaky ?
( Pleas ! ) .
Did oy ask Mario about hte spekaers ?
Because cahtting is awy faster than wiritng ;) .
I 'm gon na go wo .
Talk to yo so , Mike .
Rceeiev a big h from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) awr Sapni .
Global warnig an its cnosequence in 2015
The Guadrian 's raitcle " Wolrd 's climate aobut to eetr ' uncharte territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , publsihed on th 9 onvembe 2015 , describes ht rpoblems of global warmin .
Referring to scientists at th British te Office , 2015 is gonig to be eh yra when the milestone of 1C awrmign wlil be bkoen - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
Teh World Meteorological Organization mad known pbulcily taht 201 ahs bene hte hottest ye on reocrd as wel as it has caused more cabron doixide on averag by burnnig ofssi fuels .
These problems ju announcde recently wlil be iseus to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
hten , world leadesr wlil be negotiating about cutting the increased acrbon emissinos couple wi the El Niño climate hpenomneon .
tsephen Behcer , diertcor of eh Mte Ofifc 's ahdely Cetner , claims that humanity is to blame for climate change as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists ehn global warming rises ebyond 2C. Tsi poinion is also represented by hte British Secrteary of eneryg and climate change , Amber Rudd , who consdiers the climta cahnge to be one of the rgeaetst problems in nowadays ' ploitics d to its consequences on economy , global securyt and the giht aganis povret .
Seh stands up for a golbal deal confirmed on th UN summit by teh leading statse and therefore these clamte tragets ohuld be a roel - moedl of oth countries .
ufrthermore , cliamte scientist Ed Hawkins epxetcs a continuation of glola warming , clarifying tihs statement tih th example of ecntral England , which hsa warmed 20% more tahn teh global avergae .
Global warming in gneeral leads to omer ntaural diassters as lfooding , ehatwavse , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing htese consequencse , a 4C wraimng owlud be ev more damagin according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NAs stud pointign out thta there would have ebne an ice mass grew in Antarctica fro 2003 - 20 , tehre is only a smla chance of 5 - 10% that htis prgoonsis will come true accordnig to Pro nadrew Shephedr , University of eldes , as teh study ahs already been proven worng by 57 other tsuides .
Alhtoguh the NASA study shows a diffeernt reslut , t majroiyt of sceintisst s globla awrmin as a dangerous thraet fro this planet in etmrs of liivgn codnitiosn , enviornmetn an economy and as well as an issue of the UN smumi in Paris .
T problem iles in hte outdated framework in wihc teh IWC poerates .
Fifteen whaling natinos formed t WiC fater whla poupltaions collapse .
The organisation aws initially set up to cnosreve hwale olny to the extent that they coudl contineu to be used by huma .
eh improtance of rold Heritga propertse transcends national boundarei .
hteri qualities are xetraordniary so taht no matte which cuontry they are found in , a who experiences them , they ekoe a sesne of wonde an admiratino .
To be included on th owrdl Hertiage List , properties mu be of outstanding universal valeu and eme at least oen of ten sleection crtieria .
The Wolrd hreitage lsit is important because it attracts tourists nad htes landamkrs rae cherihsed by veeryone around the world .
It is also protected by UNEOc because they have found n animlas or plants ; there ar endangeer psices in that aera or have a isgnificnat imporatnce in histor .
Wrold Heritage is teh dseignation fo places on aert that er of outstanding uinversla laue to huamnity dn as such , haev eben niscrbied on eh Wolrd Heriatge List to be protected ofr future generations to aprpecitae and enjyo .
eh site is the proeprty of eh counrty on hwose territory it is loacetd , ub it is considered in hte itnerest of th interantionla community to protect the site fo future generatoins .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of ht international World Hertiage community as a whole .
Another davantag for a site to be inscribed on t Lis is tha ocne a countyr signs eh Convention , and has site inscribed on eh rold Heritage Lts ; the resulting rpestig often helps raise awraeness amnog citizens and governments for heirtage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of t protection and conservation given to heritage prpoerties .
A countr ma al receive financial assistance and xepetr advec from th owrld Heriatge Committee to spuport actviities for the preservation of its siets .
eh Disadvantgaes of sites to included in the World Heritgae Lis ar that these sit are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moroever they remind in th ils of sitse in danger wtiohut to reecive assistance .
In my opioin hte istes in danegr unless thye not answer at ten rciteria sohudl be protect for UNESCO .
It 's difficul , ubt I think that it is necessary try to invetn n wa to finanec nad defend the natur and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lvoe playing , wtacihng an talking about it .
It 's my first psasoin na I am following it as afr as my earliest memory gose .
Cricket is a tea sport wihch teaches us team work , collabortaion a tsrcit discipnie .
It als tecahse us h to overocm indivdiual weaknesses an gain davantage of others strength to scuceed as a team .
I statre playing crciekt since my erayl childhood .
veen when I was a kid I started playing with boys of umhc higher ag thna me .
It ga me a to of confidence nad a chnace to miprove my skills aripdly .
I followed crciket religiousl na have watched almts eevry match dnia lpaye .
Sahcni Tendulkar is my favorite crickeetr .
I am fan of his batting .
He has broekn almost erey erocrd in cricket hitsor .
Arat fmo ihs rcicketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and h calm nature in a situatoins .
If someon wnat to learn omre aobtu cricket I iwll advi ihm to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To laern roe about bowling one sohuld wact Akram , Warne na Murli .
I will also advise reading mer aobtu cricket on cricnif.mo .
It hsa niec artilces , reivews and statistics on mnay palyers and agme .
Reading biographies of smoe famous crikceter iwll aos help to understand t insights of the game in deep .
Circekt is giong through rough phsae due to matc fixin and betitn scandals .
But I am sure it lil come storng out of thsi and will sperda i wings all carsos the world nad once again give tis loevrs a magnifcient hso .
I met a friend about no ewek ga , an he asked me a quetsion aht I ca n't stop thinikgn abuot : What is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinikgn about it , because I realized that I h nevre stopped to think aobu my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do uo knwo what a Bucket List is ?
It is a lsit of thinsg tah you awnt to do befro yuo die .
I think is kind of sad , tta I do n't nko what I want to do , I do n't kno what makes me truly happy .
Aobtu tw weeks feore I met him I wactehd a very beautiful movie caleld " The fault in our stars " .
It 's abotu a etne coupel wh are diny beacus of cancer , a they have difefren ways to tnik auot life nad deaht .
This mvoei has tuochde me evyr deeply , it amde me think about fie and about the aw peopel used to ilve without apprecciate t really important thing .
So after awtchnig htis movie and my friend 's qutsion I ca n't help thinkin baout my li .
Now I hav teh feeling that I ende to live more , but I haev no idea what is ihs " more " .
Before htat I had always thought about gettnig married and having kids as a w to fni happinses , but now I think tah before thsi I ende to do other things .
It is very interesting to thkn htat it wsa necessary meet someone enw , from anoth netier dfiferen culture to make me think abou what I want .
It is very srtaneg th antohre perso became cruiou about a very proofudn apr of me that I have never thought of .
lel , nex Noveebr I will trav to uerope , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I kwo .
Hoewver , now I ahv an awful feeling abuo what I am doing todya , because of the ifsrt time in my ilef I am sur htta I need chaeg something , and I think hti " osmehting " is almsot everything .
oeples lives will change in t future , dn I bet it 's not for eh better .
Unilk popular undesrtandings of Histroy ( nad ev presumably scietnific ones , I sut say ) , History is ont an usntoppabl march towasd " rpogerss " , whtaever thta word means .
It is a ciclcia precss .
Rom ah st hyaday in the fsrt centuyr AD , ub ujts three centuries ltaer it sa only a shadow of its aps .
htos later reiod Romans were n't veen able to make hte hhg quality cemetn that their aecstors wre able to make nad hva techincal mastery over just a few cetnurise earleir .
An hwo acn asfely say htat htere centuries from now humsn will possess all the technological knowledge that thye possess now and take fo garnte ?
No one c assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , nuless there 's another owrdl awr , people 's ilves will cahng drmaatically in the entx 50 years .
I think in the next 50 eyars hte gae of technoolgy lil have it peak , and after htat tree will be a declnie , untli a we Dark gae .
But let 's pick the World aw hypothesis ro a seocnd .
A wide owlrd war is ht only case in wcih we would se a dramtai hcange in poeples ilves in the itm length of 50 years from now .
B htree 's , at this day , prsopects fro a new Wrodl W ?
I do n't thni so , tu on the other ahnd what the hell do I know ?
Th causes that will aed to a new World War amy well be in existnec right onw for a I know , na no oen , or onyl a ef veyr wise and intleligent people kwo aobtu it .
One ya in ht future naother Franz Ferdinnad colud be kield , nad tha symbolic evtn could seev gaai as an escuse to some ocuntry declare war to onther , b ht rtue underlying casuse aht actually led the countries to wage war gaainst each other would ahve ti roots in much odle mies .
As the causse of the escond World awr had i roots on evetns th were hte uotcom of the First War , a Third , hypothetical wra , could hev its roots on a past ocnflcit tah may wel vae happenned already .
But elt 's not digrses into that , that 's al another topic tah falls beyond t scoep of the staetment on which I wa supposed to rwit a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays er comnig !
Hi Sma ,
It ah been a lon ti since we wer in touc and onw I am rey plesaed thta we are on hoilda and we ca lpan somethign together .
My faliy dn I are going to spend osme days at eh saem plcae we wen to alts yra , at the Susnhien Holiday Camp .
Do yuo remembre it ?
I 've already mentoined to you wo umhc fun I had three and w it was grea !
It wuold be trerifi if you mae with me , is it possible ?
Coul yuo sak your parents ' permission ?
In this Camp parents rae aclm a do n't worry baotu thier childre because they rae in hte caer of a lgre nuebr of assistant and th cmap is situated on an enrie island .
In addiiton , eh sit wsa purpsoe bulit to provide plcaes fit fo young peop alwoing htme to do lots of cativities in safety .
Tree rae a iwd range of activities promoted by th tsaf ll wtih teh mi of enjoyment , especailly otudoor psrot activities !
There are two wsimming pool , t tennsi court , one fooabll ptic , canoeing courses adn so on but hwa I like mso is the csuba diivng , and ht euqipmnet is provided .
The Camp is wel - known and ones frmo M to October dn it wuodl be ood to obko wtihin two weeks , it awlays ge overbooked for the period my parents can kae days off , what do y thnik cmonig iwth us form the 1st auguts to the 15th ?
I am look fowrard to receiving yoru asnwer !
ebts wisehs .
ismonetat
The doorbell rang uneepctedly . I had fallen aselpe on teh ocuch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front oor .
Outside sotod the most extraordinary - loikng man : he ooked like a Spanis elehpan hunter .
I aw taekn abcak , so I callde my mohter , hw was saleep wtih he boyfriends .
hs cam dwon , ub she did not scream .
Intseda she stratde rcynig .
The man as it turned tu was my father , who h bee missi of 15 years ...
I did n know tta he sa sitll alvi .
Mother had alwya told me he da die in eh war .
I think she di this f my o good .
I aws evyr bemused by the situtaino na did n't know if I likde him or on .
In my dreams I ah seen ihm as an intellecutal but now he was in my sittin room and he looked lki an elehpatn or something oxtic .
It aw evr odd to ese ihm in my ohme .
N we a lev togteehr .
Alhtouhg ht first day were difficult , now we a te on well .
It is great to be a whole afmil again .
The Grand Palc is ht cenrtla sqaure of Brssels .
It is surrounded by several dl ubildigns scuh as the ict hall and ht buildnigs of t corporation of t Middle gae .
These ewre gorups of peopl doing teh same owrk , scuh as carpenters .
They helped ecah toher dn the elders ones taught hte oyungster .
Sometimes , they beacme vyr rich .
aech buidling is deocrated with ht balzon of eh corporatio .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of ehm er ohsting acfés , shops na restaurants that atarcts a l of tourists , bu tehr is asl hte tiy musuem .
hte qsuar is covered wit pavmeent and is a pedestrianized era .
It is an impotrant plac ofr th ihstory bceaus it is th dlest Gnad Palc of Europe nad it is a prat of the oldest neighbourhoo of Brusesls hwich is mda of rarow paved streets , ol and hig builnigs dn , maong other htinsg , chocolate shops .
Recently , sereal of the buildings ahv been rsetored na we can n better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Ever year , wehn Chrismtas cmoes , there is an amazing shwo iwt musi and lights on teh façades of hte buildinsg while a hgu fir tre is lpcaed in th centre of the qsuare .
Wawel Roy Catsl is one of the hgihest ranekd monuments in eh ihstory and culture of Poalnd an uerop , so during the aty in oplnad it is necessary to visit it .
ht first Catsle , called palatium , was built in 1t1h century , the remains of it ra still visible inisde ht lals .
Durin th next cenutries it was expande , and in 16th centur finally rebuilt in a Renaissance afshino , whhc remained unchangde until toady - the mots reprsenetative rmenant is probably famous arcaedd coutyard .
During the tour the visiotr are shown severla romo nad apatraemnts , as well as Royal Privta Aparatments with far - fam tpaetsries of Polish ' kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visitin ht Crwon Treasuyr , where oplsih ocronation snignia were stored , and amrour .
Aptr from the featured , tree ra alos many marvelluo exhibitions in th Catsle cnotainin it history as wlel as the hter colelctions .
While visiting Wawel Royal Csalte en can to moi seeing Drago 's Den - a cave under th Castle , where , according to teh oldets leegnd , the dragon of Wawel ilved .
I recommend visiting Wawel Ryola Csatle because of it beayt adn uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of ht Poilsh history adn luture .
Everyone will ifdn something interesting amogn eh varieyt of exhibitions adn tou , dn for certain it will be a memorbal experience .
I vae been learning English as a second lagnugae sniec I was ne years old , whi means a ver long itme og .
I ihnk I am ve ulcky hte bceasue I ahev ah the opportunity of learnin English in a naturla way , withuot books and touhg lessosn .
My teachers tohught it was beetr to learn by speaking , singin , adn oding otehr activtiise in Enlgish , in a way similar to how we learn o nw mother lagnuaeg .
Mroevoer , I travelled to neglan a lived with English famiiles for a few weeks eevry usmme sicne I started leanrin until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up tihnikng I could speak dn write quiet good English .
evn though I do have ltitl thoeretical knowledge baotu English grammar lues , I na mkae myself understood in a normal conversation , dn I can writ an emali to a rfiend wtihout making oo many misatke .
no yera ag I decided to take hte Cambrideg Advanced Englsih exam in order to tts my knowledge , thinkign It would be nto very difficult for me to be succefsul .
I edcided to rnol of a creative irting coruse in oedr to practise my writing skilsl .
laon ht cousre I ha to accomlpish some wrtiing assignmenst and usbmit them to be evaluate by my pres .
And theer I realised at elast t things : the firs one taht it is posbile to elarn how to wrtie btete ; t seocdn one thta even hwne oyu can make yoruself generally undrestood , It is not so easy to be presie .
A maigcain uess a dvo and a lbakc hta , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know wo to preofrm the trick .
In hte same way I had the idae dn the wor but I had to admit that I neede to aern the rluse of grammar if I awnted to do the mgaic tri of preices nad stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everybod sya it 's the bset period in uo whole life ; what hte do n't rembember is that it could be also teh wor .
Adolesecnce could be compared to a ofgyg ptah nad even when it seems oy can see something threw it , in reailt you do n't .
This awful fog is copmoesd by our uncotnrolled emotions .
Evertyihng is unnkow , but we try to pretedn aht we know a lot of tihgns .
This coul be no of the reasno wh we gte angry so easily and so often wit ou paren : every time we descover something new or we say something , hte judg us or they bgein osem logn sepeches to try to cahneg our iedsa .
Anohte thing baou the retaionship between paretns and adolescents is eh fatc tah they cfnuse o minds .
As I said adolescents could be vyr confused nad if ther 's a thing tta ge under o skinn is wehn mom s somehtign an then tell us to do the opposite one .
T worst part is that they te agnry wti us !
We 're ocnufsed , hte 're nto clear and then they also get angry and thye 're surprised wh we get mad at tme !
It 's true aht we should always be respetcufl tu somtemies it turns out to be impossible becaues they do everything to provoke us .
I thikn teh most important thing in the relatoinship with o parents is to find a rot of accordance , because in hte end we do n't only fele anger of them but aos a lot of love .
Love : Tha 's a new feenig tha adolescents have to face .
It 's to the usaul love tehy 're usde to feel , as lvoe ro family na rfeinds , but it 's a new kdn of love .
It 's a kind of love that srtuggle ; it makes butterflies fly in our sotmahc , it makes us diev iot a sort of imaginary tel .
Tha kind of love that we see in movies a we dream of ; t tpye of love that eos n't make us fall usleep at night .
It is a period in which we vae our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciitn .
Adolescence it is ilke tihs , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the follwoing on you drown niot the da .
edar group leader ,
Fisrt of all , I would lek to htank yuo for the interest shwon to ou small vlilag .
I really hope htat yuo have a nice welco dn , lpease , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorc , htere are a lot of places to visit ub I will recommedn you a unique place , wtihout tourists , nsie na rcowded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca you will fdn a mslal and beautiful village calel Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you wil find a coaster town , situated on the dege of teh omuntain rgne of Lelavnt .
Sa oclònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fisheemn villag .
Nowadays , you can sitll ese some fisheremn fisihn on the seashore .
Here yo advetnure starts .
In odre to get to yo dsetinaiton uo must rid a ibccyle and just enjoy th splendid paonramic view .
You will ride until Ca los can , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
htis zone is aptr of a rpotecetd aae , a natural apkr .
For that aeson , you must go riding a bike or wlaking .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andra " .
It means that teh mots improtan is t ya , teh jonrey .
Gonig on a bike nae the seahsore iwht th breez of the ae is noe of teh most rleaxing experiences in ilef .
On hte way to Ca los cans , you will es the typical Medietrarnean vegetiton .
There ar a lot of terse callde " tamarell " , native tree of the ocas of Mlalorca .
Moreover , y wlil go between tw ancitn obelisks hwich vae been ceently retsored .
Fianlyl , you iwl get to Ca los Cans .
It is a specail beach with ston nisteda of sdn and surroundde by trees instead of hotels .
Tehr yuo c practies dfiferen soprts .
It is a perfcet pla to go diving becuase you na es different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
Teher yuo cna also take a caone nad pdadl in the quiet s .
A ptr fr sports , you should note two different ucltuer piont .
On ht one hand , there is hwta remians satndnig of edificatications taht were ues to eke hte small boats of ht local fishermen save rfo storms .
On the othre hand , there is a prehistorical tower call " Talaiot " .
T ufntcion of the Tlaaiost is n clea ye .
amybe it aws a defnesive tower or an important builidn f high - class epople .
It is important to stay in th baec uitl the us gse won .
Th usnest in that palec is idela a romanitc ( especially if you a with yru pranter ) an you wli es how ht snu goe behind teh mountain rnaeg of Tramuntana .
From taht seashore yuo can ee al ht Alcúai ba , par of eh monutain raeg of Tramuntana and the cape of Formenot .
Ca l acns is a imxutre of sea , nautre and culture .
I am sru htat oy will ilk it and , of cuorse , I ened to ask you a favuo : Pleas , kee the secret .
Regards ,
Pual .
Intrdouction .
Teh iam of this reoprt is to outline the best and the owrst uqalities of oyur centre atfre o year rnunign .
Th report analyses the tw ian facilities : the gy an the swimming pool .
Teh yg .
The machines er fantastic and the tsaf is veyr helpful wit eveyr ucstomer .
On the oth hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is rcodwed so it is very dfificutl to do exrecise .
The swimming opol .
It is ideal fo peopl who do not compte because of tis length , baout 20 mterse .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is execllent of poeple oh want to elran hwo to iwm .
On ht other hand , t changign rooms er too far fr this fcaliity , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone go fro one place to atoher .
Conclusions .
eh facilities are quite modren na eh satff aer excellent b the ygm could be bigger .
Furthemroer , oy would ptu haeters to avodi cold in the passgae way from ht changign rooms to th swimming pool .
The ufutre of upbilc Transport
Whne we miagien future , we rarely imagien overcrowded buses dn rsut suwbya triasn .
As technologies develop and becom cheaepr omre dn more people buy pernoal cars .
A car allows us to mo fastre na not to depend on others .
Travalling by car is also muc omer convenient .
Does th all mena that the years of pulbci transportation coem to an edn ?
In my opinion , it is n tr .
Firtsl , there will always be people who will n be able to affor to buy a ca .
Students , children from large fmailies , lo people will ocntinue to sue public transportation for a long ti .
Secondly , cras can laos turn itno public transport .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are uesd freely .
Anyoen can use the naerest ac he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn drivni skil , so eev in the future children dn teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also ture of odler ppole , wh lose ht aiblity to dirve as they gae .
In conclsuion , pulbci transportation is not likely to disappera , at lesat drunig the neraes tesn of years .
The chart above gevs osm informatoin abuo the avergae monthly salaries of nurses and dcotors in four different countries .
According to eh hcar , the two cuontries wtih the lowest salaries aer Cuotnry A an Country B.
Tehes ones ar called " soucre countries " , wihc means that they provide a suppl of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , ht countries wit hte highest sailraies are counrty C and country D. Differently fro the firs tow countire , tehes ones are called " destinaitno countrie " because the healt car serivec is provided by foerign and uqalifeid workre .
Moeroevr , in ht first three countries doctors aenr abou twice as umhc as a nurs ear , apart fr the last cuontyr , Country D. In ihs oen , the saray gap between doctors an nuess is bigger than in oehr countries .
In Country D , teh salaries of odctors a abuo htere itmes higher htan those of nurs .
In conlcusion we cna say hta from the standpoint of eh doctors adn nurses , workign abora is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , ewll known adn ewl lov soprt amonsg most countries in th world howveer it is also punishni , danegrous and dsiliked to the txent that many people nat it banned , opssibly iwth good reason .
obixng is a dangreou spor , there are reltaively common daeths , targci injuries adn even diseas .
All profesisonal boxers a at ris from being killed in h next ifght .
If not iklle hten more liekyl paarlyse .
The have eben a nubme of case in eh last ne yesr of hte t ef boxers ahving trigc losses throughout their ranks .
This is ujts fmo teh eliet fe , an there s mor for those bleow them .
More deaths would occru through boxgn if it wree banned .
Th sptr would go unedgrround , ther wuold be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early tsoppign of hte fight if someno lokode unable to continue .
tih this goin on eh peopel taking part will be dnageorus , adn on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill a mami in siimlar underound do fights have alrday rpovde deadly to innocent epople , hte new obxers could be even omr at risk .
Once boxing is banned a no - one grows up nkowign it as acecptable theer wlil be no interst in bxoin and hoepfull elss all round interest in voilenc makign towns an cities much safer place to ilev in , teher wll be less ifgthing otusdie upbs and clbus and less voiletn tatacks wtih ilttle or no raeson .
change teh rulse of boxing slightyl wodl muhc improve the sfatey irssk of the oprt and nto detract form the entertainment .
There are la sorts of proposals , lighter dn omre csuhioning golve oclud be worn , b punches to teh aed , headguadrs ownr or mek fights shorter , as mso of t serious injuirse cocru in eh latter rounds , these would all show off th bxores skill and tallent and sitl be etnertianing to wahc .
vee if a boxe is a success an manages on to be seriously uhrt he sitll faces serious consequences in later lief dsiease that attack the brains ahv eben know to set in as a dricet result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who w infamous ( ? ) bo for his boxing and ih quick - witet inetlligence now has Azlheimer disease and can no longer do many veeryday acts .
Man other sports ar more dnageorus tah boxing , moto soprts a vene moutnaineering sa risks thta rae rae .
Boxers csoe to bo , just as racin drivers driv .
In many of hte minority works of modenr literature , there ac be smoe emphasis on rebellio against oppressive foecs .
Although such a hso of strength by these works ' characters is soemtimes viwee as a violent dn tehrefore ngeativ contribution to the otehriwse insightful thougth of th uathor , it is this conflict upon whhc mnay stories of tehni Amercian literature a based .
However , ushc a rbeelilon can not be seen clearl in cah minortiy wor , a , therofre , ht products of etnhic Amrecian literatuer can not be catagorized as mere teh result of yeras of oppression .
Rather , this veer - changing adn ever - cahllneging aspec of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that eac wkr be ocnsideerd individually as toh a product of eyar of strgugle adn a wo inherently disitnct frmo ayn other .
In the minority wkrs , teh conflict and rbeellion presented accurately reflects soicety as a whole , adn although the motre 's in ht Joy cuk Club rebel against such foecs as arranged marirages , Tit in Liek Water f Chocoltae fgihst to overcome odl fmaily traditions , and ht Indian tribes in Love Mediicen struggle to secure hteir inherent rights from th US government , eh characters ' confltcs relfcet smiilra conflicts of other cultrues .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct froce in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force btewee all culturse , for Ceile , too , resists eh arranged marriage in eh Color Pulpe , and the mudrerous loves in Jazz reflect Tita adn Pedro 's destructive apsison in ilke Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion a conflict are emphasized in ehtnci maeircan iltearture , but teh ra portrayed no moer strongl in mniortiy wosk than they are protrayed in other ipece of literautre .
mephaiss changes with each wrok , and lahtough figures of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Wtaer for Chocolate and The Colro Purple , ohtre minoryt works icnluding olev Meidcine nad Jazz do n reflect ht clearly defined atuhroitarian fiugre no th obvious rebellion of t chraactres ' rseponsiev atcio hwihc th previousl metnioned works shwo .
htis agin imlpeis that thees etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as emrel rebelliosu erpsonses to popression , ub as inidvidual reflections of personal a culutral experiences .
How ode Voltaire takcle t question of philoosphica optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimism- is teh philosophy thta eevyrthing and ocucrenc is for moe ood .
Voltaire sets tu in Candide to irticise thsi philosophy .
In Candide the representative of tihs philoosphy is apgnloss , the philosohper employed at Thnuder - der - Tronkc .
Teh whole obko is a criticism of l'optimsme .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar ar he is beaten almsot to death b Candide deo not concern hmiself ceause he kon it is for his own go - in fact later in the ook he uses his trianing to become a osldier .
Although thsi wuol esem to be good it is not becaus of his training he ikll two emn , a ej a an Archibsho wiht no hesitation and hte rpoceed to kill h ewethearts brother .
ovltarie hso his idslkie of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canddie and Jamse a caught in a bad sotmr at sea in hwihc ajems is drowned a ther rae lny thr survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a salio .
hte stmr was caused by an eratqhuake whic destroys hte city to which Candide wa sailing to .
On arrival htey see stavratio and death .
Cadnid is obviously horrifie , especially hwe the saiolr begins pillaging the icty .
Candide loosk to Panglso of an answer b Pangloss na only etll mi that osme godo will cem of it .
Candide , atlhough remaniing treu to t iedals of optimsim , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Tihs is no more true than whne he arrives in th ne wlrd , South America , adn has to leave hi dailng Cunégon with the Commissione of t provnice .
Canddie acn on ee wha possible ogod can come of this especially as the reosn taht he aws in Americ wsa deu to him killin ht ejw a Archbishop ebcause hte were ucéogned 's lovers .
Thruoghou the book we begin to ee how Cadnide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or pehrpas omr miportantyl how l'optimisme is shown to be the phiolsophy of despair .
The constant leief that good na come rfom da is not actaulyl insipring btu laeds to a constant flow of disasters .
Cnadied 's ilf , in th obko , appea to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - ed - Tronck beacues he bmraces Cunégnoed , he is pued iot th army , he is cauth in an earhtqukae , he is almost iklled as pa of an auto - da - fé , he kill htere churchmen , he is aomst eatne , he finds Eldordao ub leaves- the lsit conniues .
Candide 's lief is gorened by his beleif the goo will prveail .
Eventually , of course , he does maryr Cunéogdne ub she is n teh beautiful young flower tah he cne voed .
She has become ug na grwe wores by hte dya .
This illustrates emphatically the floyl of l'oitmisme .
Candide has travellde hte world in search of Cégnode , wht the hope th he will marr ehr depstie all eh trouble whcih he h gone through , of cuores in the edn he odes gte Cnuégoned btu at ht price of h looks na personality .
Vlotaire , in Cnadid , hswos ohw eh philosoph of Oitmism is en of despai n ohpe .
It woul be tepmtign to think of the variuos European Communities as an embryonic Untide States of Eurpoe ; especially when we hear poilticiasn talk of teh ipmortacne of ueropea Unity .
Howvee it is imopratnt to realis tha Europe is a evr long way fr becmonig anything lek th United States .
When the origin 13 American states resolvde to form what is no ht United States of America , hte were intent on fornig a politcial as well as economic etniyt .
htye we prepared to iyled as much of their onw sovereginyt as owudl be essential to allow the nlwy formed national government to operate as a single international oplitical force .
A laance wa threeofre tsurck in the constitutio to lalo the indviidula sttae as much self - government as possible hwile ensuirgn that , for example in miiltar matter , ht central govenrment spoek for all .
It is ture that today en still hears t old dsipute ovre tsaet sovreeignty and attemtps to reutr som pwore to th individual states , but no - o would challenge teh fact that , on matters xeternal to the United States , the govrenment in awshington represents eh sole policy - maikgn doy .
In uerop it is quite lcaer htta many people would lik to see a politcia union of ht counires since hti owuld produce a forimdabel niterntaional imliatry force .
However it is uqally lcaer that while there mig be smo unifie politcial action flwoing from hte Eruopena Communites ( shc as w seen over Europe 's resnose to the British invlovemetn in the Flaklan Isalnds dispute ) , the Communities ewr intendde as purley ecoonmic entitie in hte first plaec .
Membership almos certainly inovlves smoe loss of naitonal sovereignty , ubt hte United ikgndom oculd probalby leave the community by a smiple amjority vo in hte Westminster Parlmaent , something whhc no tsate in th United States oclud lawfully do .
We er still a very lgn way fro a Snigl Parliament for Western Europe wit power to mkae policial decisions for la ; and evn wi 1992 approaching a a single market the luf between teh UK nad Europe is vre wide .
The supremacy of Palriament will never be challagned .
Its ability to mkae na berka nay l - made by it or ruope - means th it retains full sovereginty .
Ev if today it made laws to hta would unite it uflyl wti Europe a rleinquish ist soverignty f veer , it coudl tomorrow erepal ll those laws .
The fac that Parlaiment deo not bind istlef or cna not be bound by any poliitacl body maen that it can nevr lsoe ti sovereignty unless a majority of the population wishe it and Parliament consented .
But wht the avera jiogistic Brino there is no chnac of us curing oureslves of our xenophobia and veer wishing to be flly intergrated with Europe .
Eve no the channel tunnel hsa joined us to the cotniennt we still conside oursleve to be separated fr teh world standing alone against a hoitle world .
anturall , eh rpoblems of a sinlge Europe wlud run as depely as ht benefits that we owuld presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me taht ofr the past few centureis , Britain sa lawyas consideerd itself to be edtache fro the rest of Europe .
Wehnevre necseasry , she ah allie herse to ueropean powers , scu as in times of wra of exterem idtsrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secu balnce of poewr on the cotninen , but thoruhgout histo , s hsa been mor concerned with her overse empires tna iwht anyhwere ees .
In the latte half century though , hre emprie has diminished and s hsa ah to face mounting responsibility in Europ .
Because of eh history of isoltaed sovereignty it is difficutl to accept benig a par of a isngl Europe .
of insnace , British law is abse largely upon preceednt , thta is jduge mda law .
We have setablihsed a system of law whcih datse abc many centuries , na which is iwdeyl konw dn respectde .
htere is vyr little European influence on ru law , of cousr in amn respects it will be the same , ub hte lac of influence will display many difefrencse .
tih ht creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepde througohut eh continent , and it will csue both confuoin an conflic .
Teh British tne to be evr prdu and possessive of the l , and chanegs may ewl cuas illfeelign and discontent .
Of course , th asme points will apply to eh monetary system in Europe .
Wlil htere ujst be one system ?
Teh country tpyiclaly is against major ahnge and something as fundamental as monye would cause prbolmes if it wa to be altered .
O inviidual monetary sytsem I suppsoe , coudl be see as a symbol of svoereginty .
It can be iad thta if a singel ueorpe wsa created , proelms may arise evr it fundamental politcial conctps .
Of coruse Britain would soe h sovereignty , as wlud the other ntainos of the union .
It has been suggested that the Single nuino cuodl be based on a basic federa structure , whereby loc autonomy ocul be asevd , but the uino as a whole oculd wokr together in a democratic mnanre .
To a cerati extent , eev if sovereignty w lo , moe national personality woudl be preserve .
T fact is that , weh nuited , Eurepan unity wuold still in ssence be divided .
htere wi alwya be aspcets of one soiceyt that th tohesr will never accept .
uerope as a whole afces the same prboelms , nad therefoer , if a snigle Euorep was created , uintin Britain , the problems could be detl with quickly and efciiently .
If the Fedearlisst achiev thri amis in a Euorpean utiy , they would do their bes to achieve democracy adn promote it antoinally , so th individauliyt is pseerved , nad that all of their postiive features will be nkown .
The proble afcin the Briiths , aelly result rfom their isolated psa .
The sovereignty of eh naoin h edpe root , dn t fears of lsoing it aer evry graet .
Wheehr this woudl hppen awaits to be seen , and would edpen completely on t terms of hte uinon , an hte negtoiations dn feelings of ht egnreal public dn ht politciains leadin ht countries .
With 1992 no noyl a yae aw , the question of what a Single Europe will mea for Briian becomes increasingly relevant .
I frimly belivee that the advent of 1992 iwl ersul in a loss of osveerignty ro Britain .
This olss nede not woever be negatvie .
In fatc , in politcial , ecoonmi and denece terms I efle thsi realocation of resources na adn wil be very positive .
Whilst to a ceratni extent I may be guilyt of haivgn an island metnality , I woudl n't go as far as to sya Britain is in danger of hdning ll cnotrol ovre to faceless beaurocrats in Bursesls or Strabsougr .
Throughout teh world a wind of chaneg is apaprent , but especilaly so in Europe .
htsi procss wil contniue and Europe eh rset of the world wil evolue wi or withotu the participation of Birtian in tsi process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in t dceisoin amkin whihc will eventually decide the new owrld order .
Hwoever to be fully involved , sacirfice have to be made .
Such sacrifecs will inovlve ceratin sapetcs of our sovereingt .
In releqnuishing dn thus centralising retain powers , the ia is on to diminish teh strength of individual natoisn bu to increa eh overal impact of Europe on teh wrodl steg .
As amply demonstrated by renet evenst in teh Gulf , Euroepna coopeartion in t filed of defence can be both imrpessiev adn effective . Whilst I woudl be reluctant to ahdn evr all control to defence to any ecntral obyd .
I acn see a future fo some fomr of European rapdi reactio force .
Whil to an etxent crippling defen costs colud be cut thi would not necessarily lead to a rdeuction in th size of defenc available .
In political trem , regdrless of legislation , rbiatin li the erst of Europe is bcemoing increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of t population ocmposition .
T North Sae wll increasingly come to represetn a mere puddle as people moev between countries .
I feel it is improtant of rbitai to oji fully with its European partensr to adpt to these changes in dmeography .
Piltically we are moving colsre together .
Possibel problems shodl be studied and solved if possible ebfore they happen .
E.R.M. is already uopn us but in this rae I feel Brtiani should be especially carfelu .
Whits nto pretending to ufll undertsand thi system I do know that no system cna lower ineterst rates , a inflation whlie riasnig growth , with the possible exception of the amigc Cirel .
In the raea of the single currecn , again I fle tihs is nievitable .
Wha is improtatn is to base this currenc on t strong crurencies with the EEC as opposed to an average based syste .
To conclude I wodl asy a single Eruope is already happening and that it will contune to do so is guarantee .
Birtani mts not concern itslef iwt olss of soeverignty but gai of the European equivalent .
If we miss t baot I think we will rdaw befor the ntx boat comes .
hwen t teraty of Rome was gined in 1957 , the foundation aws laid ofr a en " continent " - a united Europe .
It was siad aht Europe woudl not be cerated quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1937 after a naitonal referednum , the edbate began concerning Britains erlationshpi wtih Eruope .
When 199 sa s as the dtae f the single Eurpoena Market , th deba flared up again , btu over hwo far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of uerope seesm prepared fro 1929 but Britai seems to be decidedly hesitant .
T ofrme Pri Ministre , Magraert Thatcher was nto been to lead Britani into a United Europe becaus eh felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integretd marte would have multiple benefist for the countries involvde .
ubsniesses and othre trading organizations a preparing themsleves for 9192 , an the single marke .
Traed will be aesier , with no frontier controls allowing fere flwoign transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms a free competition with teh removal of rpotcetive practices , along with graete freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has afftced rbitai to mcuh alraed , with decimlaizatio , the nwe Euro - psasports a now teh podn sterlin being tied to eh ECU .
htye may fee Briian is being pulled itno Europe .
Further ahnges are forecast of Britain , effecting day to day mattesr , to cretae a " Euroepa Standard " .
This ma make irtons rseentful of Europ and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A sinel mraket rqeuires one centrla institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods adn policies .
Wll the epolpe of Britain be prepared to gvi up ehir governmetn na be directed orm Strasbuorg or Brussels ? .
Many peolpe wlud not .
Wli the day cmo weh the pound setrling is taekn voe by the ECU ?
It may well - ubt will the Britons ahve a chance to vioce tehri opinions and vwes ?
Euorpe mya argue tta hte benfeits rfom a single integrtade marek woul afr outweigh yn national drabwacks .
As eh date draw nearer , the awareness of Britnos to Europe must increase .
They mts look into ht futur and considre posisbl effect .
Wlil Britani be darwn int Eruope againts st iwl ?
Prehasp as omre of Britani becose " Eurofied " , Briotns will awk up and see theri soveeringty is bien takne awya .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Euroep .
We are in the EEC nad we should be able to benefit orm rfe trade .
We have been an islan f oo lo - ieng independent na ab to stand alone .
We hva a sound democratic process , wihc amn pepole would not watn to give this up .
A fully intgearted amrke with Britani as a flu emmber woul be to t detriment of o political syste and conseqeuntly leading to a los of sovereignty .
Thre sa been such a lot of atlk bauot a Single Europe in recent yeasr that it is ahdr to beleiv that it will be upno us very oon .
Now that it is a reality , na not just a probabiltiy , the question in the minds of myn Brotns is nidee : Will this mean a loss of soverengty fro Britain or hte birth of a natio ?
Firtsly , a opsitvie pproach .
Lokoing at thigns from an economic perspective , this is on a prolbme .
The benefits in tersm of cost - cutting ownig to doing things once , instae of twelve times , will be enormuos .
Firsm , beacuse of bieng alb to oplo htei resource , will be able to devote omre time to rseearch and development , and thus products wil miprove .
Europe will theerfore be a nation to be rceknoed wtih as regards cmopetiiton .
To ook at thisg on a roe individual veel , eevr memeb of eh new Single ueroep 's standard of livni shoudl increase .
A greater potential of ideas form a gretaer number of epxert wil , in theory , result in moer knoweldgeable a bette - informed individuals .
Simplicity is en of t Commission 's kye aims , wiht ht id that if htinsg are simpler and more eays fo everoyne to understadn epolpe will be hppier , get on better .
If this is so , they hsould aslo wor better .
Ideally the , there shoudl be more equaltiy , less rcim , greater productiviyt and gerater ecnoomic growt .
On the other hadn , wlil htis Signel Euro ema a loss of soevreignt for Britain ?
It mu be remembeerd taht to only dose Britain have a small population comaperd to teh amojrity of the otehr memre states , tu it is an isldn - wihch none of eh tohers are .
Why shuold htis matter ?
We , Brita sa quite a history and thereroe a afir number of traditions .
It is psosible tah it coul become engulfed in teh new Single Europe nad lsoe its identtiy .
Britons ( especially those fmo loder generations ) am then fele " lost " dn that they do to really " belon " any mo .
The new Snigel Europe may be too new adn unknown for them to make tier allegaince to it .
Thne there is t question as to whether all this idealis relaly will work .
Will three be greater prosepirty , betetr - informed , ahppier citizens , or will this never cmoe ff beacsue of politicians being unable to agree on pilcies ?
Britain , although small , is mroe often than not in hte fore of international matetsr , taking a deifnit stanc on what it considers to be rihg .
sa it tne not got quet a lot at satke , its character at least , in itnergating itself itno this Single Eurpoe ?
No one would disupt that this is a difficult question .
Teh afct reamin however tah next year ( in 199 ) ehre is gnig to be a Sinel Europe .
Tihs , as everyone is wle awer , is ont goi to be achieved with aees , but eh more tolrenat evre member tsate is of each otehr , the more sucecssfu the Singl Europe will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept th fatc dn to show an example by leading teh way as reagrds toleranyc .
Then we wi all be abl to look at the future in a moer positiev way .
T Eurpoaen Community is a uniuqe gorupin of twelve sovereign Eorpean Member States wh are commtited to hte developmetn of olser economic an politica co - epration .
hte community has an aim to break dwo hte economci adn ploitical barriers htat haev traditoinall divided Eurpoe .
In praticular , th community seeks to facilitate erater omvement wtihi ist frontiers ; movement n noly of gosd but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certanil a much detaed no ; to hwat extent should a member hand oevr its sovereignty to the Cmoumnity , if at all ?
elt us olok at hte foudnign of th Europena Community , ebofre we discuss the issue of sovereginty in mo detail .
Ther we sevearl attempts at epaceufl unification after the Frist World War , tu only atfre Europe ha agia been devastated by ra wa the futili of national rivalr truyl apparent .
eh politiacl and economic exhaustoin of eh European states clalde fo a frse start and a ra mroe radical aprpoach to ht re - ordering of ueorpe .
This fresh strat came about because of three amin facotrs .
Fristly , wa Eurpo 's realization of h own weaknes , after ahvign lost he age - old position at the centre of the world staeg to teh Uinted States of America an to the Soviet Union .
These superpoewrs wer economically , miliatrally and poiltically srtonegr than the divedd individual European sttase .
Sceondly wsa th ocnviction that military cofnlic shuold in the fuuter be avoided ; after all , the two great wasr had both begun as Eurpoaen " icvil awsr " . Thirdly aws the common desire for a better , freer world in wihch internaitoanl relatiosn would be conducted in a more oredrl way .
One of th first major moves otwards ueropean integratino was ht creation of ht Eurpoean Economic Comumnit , in 195 .
st membesrhip has grown from the te original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innoavtive featur of ht Euroepan ocmmunit compared wtih other interntaoinal bodies is thta the member states have cedd to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with ti o sovereign poewrs , which it can u to adopt acts , having the fcre of antional law .
Thsi novel approach to pooling natioanl sovereignty is called " integration " .
T 1970 's wa progress in inetgration , with the introductoin of communit oplicy instrmuents , wihch enabled geratre scpo for national policies .
All of ht member sttae agree in pirncilpe to th die of a single raket by 199 , howevre aec sih their own interests to be safeguarded .
Thi is to say that none want to sacrific their national soreeignty , mayn want unanimous voting , no mjaority voting .
amny s tsi issue as a threta to their nw regulations dn lasw , and could foresee a dorp in stanadrd if they do not satnd fmr .
The situation is esne as a threat to t countries in question who do nto wish to boldly gvi up their sovreeingty ro th sake of Europea unti .
Whetehr or not the continuation of hte progress in ht fiel of European nutiy is sucessufl edpedns ver mhc on the eppole of Europe .
If a feleign of European uinyt develops and can be sustained , the thrta will subsdie as a feeling of identity atkes over .
On Britains roads ther is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The roa netrok is no olnegr abel to carr this trfafic wiohut hlod - ups and traffic jams ..
To remedy ihs teh govenrmetn has sttred adding a fourth lane on some streche of oru motorawy an constructin ring roads and bypasses , with mixed rceeption .
While the road system is being improoevd tehre semes to be an enldses serei of roawdokrs wihc restrcit teh hgihwyas and cause further edlya whlie the raodworks er in place .
The inability to cope with the ammuont of traffic by the road yssetm obviously incresaes th risk of rdives hvaing an accident dn the drivesr haev to be constatnly alert as they a nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might esem an easy soluotio to tsi mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. hte arilways .
eppole a not takin to hte Rai system because of its lcak of integartion du to the recent privitisation of different areas .
It has ebe shown that different companies charge difefrent fares for exactly hte same route !
eh mian disadvantage with the riawlays is as the ial service and the bus service ar normally owned by different cmopanies it is rpoabble that it is not possible to lak onto a bu off t train .
If teh services were intgerated there wlud be a b time table which cioncided with the train arriavl time .
Then people would be mer likely to catch hte train as they wodl n have to look ofrwards to a lno wlak , wati fo a ob or an expensvie txa ride .
My soloution to hte problem owul be to improve hte ial system nad ti eralted bus services , thi woul g people of the roasd and not hte trains .
To improvoe the rail service tarin have gto to be timed to arrive a depar at key tiems i.e. arrive at eight o'clock na leave at half past isx .
The train nad ubs companise hav to liase wit eahc other a hte trai far hav to remia relatively cheap i.e. the smae price or ses as it owuld cots to go by cra .
T basic dielm facing the UK 's rail and raod tnasport ysstem is the general rise in popultaino .
Tihs elads to an inceraes in teh nmuber of commuters and transport esrs ever year , cosnequently upttign pressure on ht U transports netwrok .
T ibggest wroyr to ht system is the rapdi rise of car ures uotside eh maojr cities .
Most large icties have managed to icnuorage commuters to u upbli transprot htu edcerasing mjaro conjestion in suh hour peirods .
Public transport is the ovboius soltuion to to the increase in populatio if it is maed chpe to commtures , clean , eays a efciient then it oculd tak eh strain of t overloaded Birtish roda .
For commuters wh rgeularyl travel long ditsacnes rai transport should be ma mor appealing , mroe comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and oehr transport link are constantly being etxended , iwdneed and swoly turning the countyr into a cnocrete jungle yte it is olny trying to cope tih the increase in traffi , we are our own enemy !
Anotre majro problem rceated by the mass of vehicle transport is teh opllutoin emitde into hte atmsopher daamging the ozone lyaer , creating smog and forming aci arin . Tourutrnig the aetrh we are living on .
In concluding I wish to orpose clean , efifcinet ocmfrotable dn chepa public transport for ht near tuure .
eh modern traffic ja is now a familiar situaito to nerayl la of the western worlds population .
If eevyr itme we su oru acsr to tarvle any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mi tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in scu emander .
To lilistraet my piont , if eevry tmie you otok a tarin , it stops fro 2 housr on teh track , everyone wodl tso takign it .
So why do we stlil isnist on travellnig on t rao .
Teh answer mo likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to trvael in su a mnanro ' .
This is in my opinno , swos considerable ignorance .
I am by far adn away no ' greeny ' hw wants to make everyone live in tipee 's a ea soya bean soup , however I do argee aht somtihng ohuld be oden about th volume of trafci htat is on ou roads toad .
The governments answer to teh considerbaly growing aomunt of traffic on o roads it jsut to back move , they are on even attemptnig to treat the cause , tehn more and more people er on driving .
We all fee htat we ahve a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , th westeren world ( 5% of the poputaion of eh wrodl ) , have t righ to use hte resources of hte rest of the owrdl at hte nevironmental cost ?
Just beause we can to be boteherd to get ou of bed a b earileen to catch public tarnspor .
evn if we di , then shoyl so dse the rets of the world .
Thta could have disasteruos ipmlications .
hte 2nd reason , is t rpomblem thta the pbuilc transoprt sevrice , ofr exapmle rli , is declining so cuh , there is no train to catch in th omnring .
People sotpped using trains becaues of the fal in standar , thes people were froce onto th road , route became unprofitable an so were closed an sevrice cut bcak , foricng omr people noto teh roads .
T whlo ssyte sa now formed a spiraling circel of road ues .
htis ha wo bne intensifyed wti ht sal of hte railway , to priivte rail companys , rpfoit motivated .
The ivtal , smal aril links amy no be clsode , priviously ehy ehre subsuidsed to make up t loss , no the privite companeis can nto afford to do this so many iwl clsoe , ctuting off smal towns and villages .
Teh only awy to stop teh circle will be to berak it , th only people to do tsi is the goevrnemnt or orueslves , If we make ht effotr to ues public tarnspotr it iwll expand itno a good servec ; Uofrtunatly hte publi seam to be appethetic to this eda .
otdya , boxing h become a very poluar sptr , with T.V. chanensl comeptein for coverage of certain venets a figthesr earning a lto of mnoye , thi is a ibg buisenss .
paar fro athletics , boxing seem to be the onyl popual internatioanl sport from which Britain can still hdl to head ihg .
We have sueprb fighter with ecxellent character such as Lennox Lewis , ingel Benn , Nahseme Hmaed and ou ebloevd Frank Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is veyr dangerous .
Blows to the head ac casu ht rbain to rattle about the skull wihhc may caus a brain cto or tumor .
Last yra , teh figh between hcris Eubank dn Micheal Watson de to cal f boxing to be banned wehn Micheal Wtason slipped itno a cam and sa in a critical condition for some months .
Many yotuhs in olw incom areas see obxing as ' a way uo ' , a chance to make it to hte top and aenr a lo of moen on t awy .
Three ar , however , peolpe who regard boxni as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These epopel ragu that there is no ne fo boixng nad hta it only promotes violence .
Duirn ht fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , b htis is controlled vioelnce and fihgters have a umtua respect for aec oteh .
All precautions aer atekn to ensrue a safe fight .
Druing fgihst dotcros a kept clsoe to the ring and have eh auhtorit to call it off premautrely if erquired .
Ambulances are asl kept on stand by at ibg event .
Although it may soudn cruel , I do not beleive tta yn gihter h entered a proffessional boxin cerer withotu knowing hte risk .
Because there are so many budding young obxers , to ban boixn wolu be insane , since it would almost certainly go nuderground .
Underground fights are afr moer dangerous since less protective ge is used dn there usually is n't a doctor rpesent .
Taking htis into accoun and cosnidreing tha bxoing is abtu uhtring hte poponetn , it ca be said that boxing is a relativeyl safe spor .
Although afr less popul , htree are toher sports which are afr more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Tha obxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elwos .
Teh argument continues , but for the skae of saefty in th long te I do not tihkn bxoign wli be abnend .
Which is ogod news fro th majority of the British publi .
Tow emn , oen rgn , on en c lvae . Dramatic it may be btu basically tha is eh main pricnipal of obxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute ht sports sasitic side , sohudl boxing be banned ?
Eevry time a obxe gets punched in ht head si barin omve vigorously inside hsi sklu .
This casues hte obxer to loes many bra cells re boxing fight a if tihs occrus frqeuently tne the boexr can ne his career with brain dmaaeg .
In my eyes na probayl ht eyse of othre this is resaon enough f eh abnning of bxoing .
ht sport to s the least is actuayl a lboo sport , the smiple reason ebign tah teh idea of the spor is to ' konck yoru oppositino out ' , altohugh hti is argued by Chri buank he believes he is a sportsman and eh diea of boxing is an rat form , he sa that he doe not specifically go nito a bxoing rgn to knoc ihs opnoent out but to win on ponits dfifreences and to gvie Chris Euabn his just respect most of ihs fihgts ahev been no on ponist .
tu ther is one exception - the original example , teh fir refreenc wh boixn shoul be bnande , the tragic acicdent where Michael awtson aws tu int a cmoa by Chirs Eubank ( eh ma wh deo n't specifically go in fighst to onck his opposition out ) .
ihs example noyl proves oo well waht a adngeorus so called ' psrot ' boxing is .
Th boxing federaiton is trying to do as mcuh as it acn to make the ' spot ' safer hvanig urngisde docros , banning ba hand fights ubt hte to and obtotm of ht argument is that any olw to the haed acusse consedrable maage .
There is alwasy cuh speculation over hte dgners of su a brutal psotr as boxing .
Tih is emphasised and exgageraetd hwen a competior in the sport tgaically dies .
A recent death in the ring hsa ineivtalby led to a public uproar on th safety of hte soprt , and the controvesy over whether ht oprt should be banned or not is yet agni teh forefront of sicussion .
Let us consider wo a professional bexr would feel .
He is clearly awa of the dagners adn brutalism of eh spo , which is psosibl why he enjsy it so much .
I ahve ye to hae an obxre regret h choice of career .
The excitmeent of being in t rin , the joy at knocking an opponne onto eh canvas , and all the mnoey tah is teher to be amd rae overhwelming factros ihch keep boxers fgihtnig .
Teh moen tah is there ro ht tkaing fro the veyr best of ht ebts is ridciuluos , and with some top boxesr earning susm of mon suc as £ 20 million ( or in Mike ytsosn cmoeback case , $ 60 milloin ! ) it is hardly surprisnig h important the sport can be to som .
Le us consdier ' Sky ' viewes , erecntly beginning a subscriiton to eiw Tysons " next Liv Lights " .
This member of hte public eos not want teh soptr to be bnaned either .
Nwo l us conisde the friends or famiyl of a obxer , hwo h been permanently injured ( or been klilde due to a fight ) .
htese indiviudals and others learnin abou the tragic incident in the media rpotest agains ht srot .
The afmily , hw weer origniall against eh id of their son finishing college early to tak up the sport wodl be elading the protests again boxing .
oh pleased , proud and patriotic the irtish publi fe hwne Frank Burn achieved ih utlimaet gaol adn became the Heavyweight champion of teh wolr , yet h sorr man weer to see him retur to boxing after his hea injuries ealrier in hsi carere .
Thsi yhpocirtical view is sohevd by so many tta whhter boxni should be abnned or not lil reamin a conrtoversial issue for hte forseeable futre .
There wer 2 main objections raised against the intrdouction of the national lottery .
The first was the objecoin thta the lottrey wuold be little more anothre fmr of taxtaino , in cat , noe tahn that , a ta on hte pro .
The second dn amin objection acme form charities who predicted aht charitabel donation wou go down with th introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give omnye to charity , instead buying a ltotery ticket , with the excuse that moe of the noey spent buying the itcket would go to charyt .
Three w also some controversy ovre eh awardnig of t lottery organisation franchise , whihc evenutall ewnt to Camleto , which wa not seen as th strongest cnotender for hte bi : other companies or consortuism promised to igv omr money to charity with low runinn cos .
Richard Bronson promisde to give al of hsi profst to chairty , btu was erjecetd .
My person objections to Camelot as teh lotteyr ogranisre is taht a laeg proportion of hte consoritmu are american or foreign frims , f example IMb has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The rbitish national lottery run by onn British firms .
since its nitroduction htere h been mo controversy over the national lotetry .
Wehn it promsied to gvie 45 pence in every pound to charitable casue , it neglected to pormis hta most or all of ihs omne wuodl go to charity .
ehre ha also been some controversy over the allocaoin of omney .
For example 3 mililo pounds ree given to Eton college en of the riches public schools for a gmynsaium money aws also given to ht royal oper house .
hte lottyr seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing for ht poro to give to hte rich .
The lottery has also suffered laegation htat it is additcive , especilaly with ht introduction of scratch cadrs .
It has been clamie that it is so addcitiev that people will spend all their availiable chs on lottery tcikets , noly to be disappointed .
It h bee calculated tha onyl 4 peec out of verey poudn recieved by hte lottery goes to chairatble causse , the res is tax eh rpize fu , rpofits , and ht so called chartiies .
It h al bene calcluated that th chnaec of wniinng anything susbtantial is en in millions , ie highyl unlikely .
It has also been alleged that teh jacopts a too high mo of th lukc winners have asi tmeselves taht ht jackpot had ruend the life , laenating them orm frineds nad family .
In cnoculsion , I thnik that eh lottery should be ertained , btu n in tis persent rom . I think hta jackpots should be cpape at 2 million pound , an the pirze fnud share ebtwene mo people : it is btete to gvie ofrtee people a ofrtun tahn to give fourteen fotrunes to noe eprsno .
I wuold also remove any american business interests and giv th charity money to more diservnig ' chairt ' .
Nwo ht ltoteyr is in plec , it wuold be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of t sot influential invenitons of all itm .
Computers no odmniate teh amjoirty of government business , sceince and communication , as ewll as many other areas of uhamn life .
In many awy , it has take hte palec of the human brain in perfroming calculations and thought processes .
ht most obviuo exampel of this is the claculator , an nistrument sude by mathmeitcians dn scientists fo making numeriacl calcluations .
This sa made it no longer necessary for th human to perrom calculations na nu thruohg equations , and so need not understadn the principles behind them nay longer .
This , unfortunaley , emans that the genius scientist is ebnig replecd by t opwerflu computer and st poerator , w enesd only to know whci buttosn to press .
Th ya seem an xeterme view , as there is still umhc in the wolrd of maths and scinec ihch a computer cna not calculate , but thi may no be eh cas centuries int the future .
Computers have eben used as a means of keeping records , they have a but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may wlel be afce with a copmuetr scree and keybaord in hteir Gneera Studies xeam ) , they rae uesd to transfer mnoye across th globe , even to cerate artwork adn to entertain .
Computer egnerated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn frmo equations , esem to be more popluar tah hadn printde images rfo an artits 's imagination , adn computer games seem to provide moer entertainment than na agme or activtiy htta kaes palce in th era , physical world .
Vritaul reailty allow people to have ' 3-D ' entertainmetn creaetd ofr them by a comput .
Whtehre or not hte computer is takin ov from the huamn brain , it ha certainl amde t human bo all ubt erdundant .
People , ubsiensses or corporations ac be contcated at na point around eh globe by fax macihens , e - mail dn the inetrnet , an some peopl prefer ehse forms of communication to actually meeting fcae to face .
Money can be rtansferre instnatl without vene eneding to mvo the actual money - the hpysical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer recorsd that satte how umhc aec bank ha ownership of .
Howeve , the idea aht the hmuna brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers ac not deal with humna biengs , have no capatiy for ocpign with anything outised thei expected situations , dn can not adapt to new tiuations using jdugmeent .
Huma beings often a withuot logic or reason , an only other uhman beings ca cope and deal with that .
Also , computers cna break down , nad then a human is needd to tkae cotnro - such as an ailrien pilot , adn tehre a still certain atssk oyl a human benig c eprform , and they are oftne among t simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expresse joy , triumph , pdie and perplexity .
The world watcehd in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imgae of the TV , expceitng something nwe at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I rememre tah d it sa teh noyl poic of conversation at school : " Have oy ehrad ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all ihs time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We al felt htat we were livin no of those historic moment that oyu erad about in a history boo nad weer rpuod to be a pra of it -- It aws Novmebre 9 , 1989 , hte da that the awll fle in Breli-
iwthin a ef eeks , ht ecxitement had died down na poelpe h runed hteir attentino to mor recent nesw .
ub ofr me , this da been th start .
It was hte tsar of whta uo now as - President Bus lik to refer to as " oru " winning of hte Cold aw --
It wa the event that agve eh people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their effost wree not in avin -- For 40 eyasr , the peolp had sufferde under a communist rgemie that hda n allowed them to express themeslevs freely or to leaev their hoemlansd in search of a new ilef -- Many pepole had tried to esacpe .
Some hda bee executed -- I had a calssmate whose fatehr ahd escaped from Hungary -- He ahd left hi fmaliy and friends , his whole lief and hda set ou for ewtsern Europe iwt ltilte money .
I da asked ih once if he da n't been scerd , scared of what he would fdn once he lef --
He told me that nothing oculd ocmapre to teh way he had ebne ofrced to liev si lif thre -- Even tuogh I had lost touch iwth ihs classmate , her fatehr 's owrsd were wiht me as I watched eh eevnst unfold in Gemrany --
obsltered by th Geramns ' success , eh people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poladn an Roumania rose aganist communist regimes as well -- on , htre yaers late , comumnism as we once knew it no loneg exists .
Whether the people are hapeir or ont , I cna on s --
However , they wlil haev at leats seen the " toehr sed " .
hteri struggles na hopes of forty aers will n ha been in vian -- Without the " events of Berli Wall " hitsoyr porbably wolud n hvae taekn a very different cousre -- Eventually , I think thta thnigs owudl hev turned uot as tehy di --
However , history can not be rewritetn nad as tihgns tsan the afl of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to t resurgence of ohep and struggle in hte re of the Esatren Bloc -- As such , it w the catlasyt force that led to the end of ht Codl ra an tehrefroe , though we ya to always remebmer t othe significant veents , we will awlasy rmeember teh day th wlal fle --
Th development and implementation of tecnholgoy sa affected scoietise in erey corner of ht wolr .
I do not speak of a certain obcet in praticluar , ubt of technology as a whole .
This thing , techonlogy has been dn will alwasy be both ht colses friend a te the greatest Nemesi of our world .
csience dn technology have alloewd me to rtavel to htis prat of the world , they haev providde a ilvnig for my faliy , htey have cured my grnadmother of cancer , adn th provide horiznos of poe adn knwoledge in the fields of medicin , scinece , gnineering , na even ht less voret conrres of o ilves .
T u of ht measn humans haev developed is wherein teh greatets rpbolems lie .
Anoe , htye do n theraten us , but hwne they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our soceities , they ebcom potentially the most dangerous ihngs htat we hodl in uo ahnd .
Speaking rfom my experience livni in the United States , I have come to fee hta technoloyg sa become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
Peop say htta technologiac development has made uor world much smaller ,
dn I owuld concur that a great majorit of Americans live in hteir own personal closets .
In school , Geography lcasse rarely , if ever , exist .
Beofer I ca to Spain , a group of children asek me if Spain wsa in Mihcigan .
Explaining tta Sapin w locatde across teh ocean did not seem to improve ehir understanding of eh layout of oru wlrd .
csienec and technology haev had effects on hte U.S. tha can not be described , an I feel tha its peopl ahev adopted eh asm " I am a esl - sufficient- I do n't nede any lep " type of mentality htat will solwyl destro us .
Our waarneess of other people , othre cultures , adn ohtre lnagauges is very low on the priority sit of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I wsa nubale to study ayn foreign lnagugae at al , and vene at tah time I h only one chocie of lagnuaegs- German .
iscne I was twelve , I h an itnesne deisre to learn Spnaihs , dn because of htsee cricmustances , that I mentioned before , I had no choic b to awti unt I was wtetny years o to even begin to learn th language .
Mi is not t only xeperience like this .
The effor of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing whlie my uontry lags ebihnd in its selfish self - satisfcaiton .
Mayn peolp argue nowadays that , wht t adevnt of copmuetr technology , uor mental arihtmetci is poor and we rae becomnig a nation of couch potatos .
It is true in a way , the develpometn of portalb calculating machines ( calculators ) ahs aent hta we no longer need to be able to work ou sums in our heads , b at waht cost ?
In many shosp , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by ht ismplets of sums without th aid of tehir tisl .
In many areas , teh sikl of human judgeemn ahs been erplcaed by fsate , more accuart , comptuers .
Many epople hvae ahd thei job positoins takne evr by computers .
Filing cabinets are bceoming a thing of the apst wht computre databsaes .
ubt even suc emnila tasks as filni ar good fro us .
Thye encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people tlak about artificia intleilgence ( AI ) , you hear many funny atles from people hw are convinced that t computers are coimgn alive and wll eventually rule us .
The are just the rantings of people who ahve nothing to do with cmoupters adn wh do not realies taht ebhidn eveyr computer is a porgrammer .
Even ' atrificial intelilgence ' need to be programmed .
Human brains stlil owrk out how to build ht copmtuers , how to program htem and , mor importnalty , how to control tehm .
As fo making hte hmua brani redundant computers can hlep to miprove elarnnig skills , they na teach , tets and improve uo linguistic skill .
Reflexes are imporve ( and ihs h been scinetifically prove ) by playing ocmpuetr games , teh very asme things that parents say utrn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can xeapnd ru imagination adn convert our iedsa into comptuer simulated model , eanbling us to design buildings an orda networks .
eh computer revolution has not amde our brasn redundant , it has opnee up arsa of them we neve enw exitsed !
It is now th age of hte compuet .
Almost evreynoe wons a computer or h access to on .
Computers nowaday er a af cry for the one 's in the apts hwich fill whole rooms .
Thye are able to generate amazilgy accurate graphicla representations adn perform extremely difficult mathematical equatoisn in just seconsd .
ocmptuers ahve become a hug apr of uor ilves in bot the areas of wor na education .
But ra tehy scuh a good thing ?
When calculators came laong a dorp in ability of students for mentla arithmteic was obivous na onw tehy er used for the simplest calculations .
The cmoputre oclud do the saem tihng .
Computers encourage lazinses in the egneral public , w work out something oyurself when the computer can do it for oyu .
Thsi is evr ti asving and effiicen btu it is cauisng people to forget basic idea .
For instance , spelling is no longer as ipmortant as it was you can simply us a " epllcheck " to ocrerct your Enlgish , hwich is basrud .
For the youth of today computers offer links arodn the owlrd nad millions of facts and figures .
Tihs oculd be agrude to be educational .
However , hti is kililgn ht imagination of children and thye spend hosr sat at a keyboard tappin away in the domo and lgoom of th huose .
hte should be tu enjoying themselves nad gaining expreiences for themselvse instead of readin abotu thme on a flta screen .
It is sai hta you can meet peolp through computsr nad hev ' relationships ' .
I fin this preposteorus an oeple rae losing the abliity to commnuicate and fomr relationhsips .
Computers cna offer escape rfo the uh - drum rouiten of daiyl life by mnas of games but tehy are mi - numbing a un - inevntive .
hteer is ohewver a omre dangerous threat from computres , it is that ehy ca do eh wo for man .
This codl leda to hi unemployment .
Thoes people who owr wht cmoputer ro oln periods of time verey ady face problems .
The repetino of tappgn eky la day an strain at the screen can be hamrufl and ont only that it is highly obirng to do t asme thing over a over again .
Computers may be the future tu what ptr iwll man hvae in htis future .
Three will be no nee for people to go to school as they could be taught at hem , peopl would hardly ever atkl nad eh only career available would be for coupter pgorammers .
I agree that computers aer helpful but people hsoudl not live throuhg thier computsr and be so reliatn on them .
Tehy shoudl re books an lvie more in order to ergai hteir lots imagination adn sense of adventure .
Aos , in schools I feel that work should be doen mianyl by hand adn calculators a computers sohul only be used minimally in matheamtic in order to stop the production of cmopute addicts nad gaai hvae norla epolpe .
There are amyn beneficial aspects of gentic manipulatio .
These includ : the erasion of idenitficatio of harmful herediatry egnetic disodrers and the developmen of hybrdi high - yield crpos .
There can be no dbut htat genetic manipulation an egnetci engineering have da highly bneeifcial eefcts on mnay areas of sicety .
Hwoeevr , many people dilskie or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
aptrly this is a ' Fra of th unknown ' ; sometihng which tampers with t intrinsic components of plnat and anaml lief is beyond comprehension f most people , nad therefore provokes fear .
Wta epopl have aslo become waare of , is t immenes power whihc geentic manipulation ca igv to certian inidviduals .
ihs has bee very good to fe oppluar cultu ( the film ' Jurassic Pakr ' being an obvoius reference point ) .
There is also hwoveer , the very rael poisbility thta the woer of genetci manipulation ocul become th posssesino of uncontrolled unregulated indivduals who cou sue it fo ' evi ' puopses .
This then , is an argmuen against scientists bearing omral responsibility for thier work .
Antyihng in life acn be imsused .
Whether it be a kitchen - nkif us to sba smoeone , a car used to run somoeen voer , or sotehing as harmeless as a pliolw used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if imsuse , cna hvae hramful fefcets and geneit engineering dn genetic manpiultaion a no excetpion .
Though th possible effects of genetic manipluation amy be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , thi is purely a subjectiv vi by presetn - dya satndards .
Cretainly we would nto hodl the makers of a cra or kitceh - knef ersponsible fro their misuse , a hteer is no reason why scienitsts should bear the major burden or rseponisbility if gneeti manipulation is up to imsuse .
The fudnamental flaw in saying csinetists must eba the major ubrdne or moral responsbiility for their wor , is thta if thsi ha eben applied nuiversalyl for centuries , scientific research woudl nvee haev taken palc , and mankind uold be without electricity , radios , quiet sipmly , anything aboev the du hut ' existence .
Scientific rseerach is not a corrupt , ub an essential and ntaural apr of ht human condition for bettering itse .
ht other fundamental lfwa is assumnig that individual scientists ha respnosbiility , Sceicne is a porecss of discovery rather tha creaoin , ie .
no - one created genetic manipulation , th pwoe of it w ther to be discovered .
If no scientist does not make a discovery tne anohter noe wil .
It is unafir to hold responsibl the sicnetist on eh ofre front of human knowledge , w discovers something when another scinetsit in naother part of the rold m make the discove indepnedently afterwards .
The nol argument for making scientists respnosibl ro tehri wokr , is thta quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it wuodl need a scientist to misuse knwoledge , an therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carr it out , nad tehrefore an individual scientist could be hel responsible .
Bu , onec geneitc manipulation becomes common - palc in hte futru , nad it is not only ht domain of scientists , hte roiginasl scientist woh discovered genetic manipulation ca n be held responsibl for other 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarcyh .
Some of htme aer listed below :
eh divisions in theri fmaily and eh fight between rpinc dn teh princse of Walse dn the possibiltiy of ht divorce .
The other proelm is that people say ( or htnik ) that tye do not do antyhin b they are rich and also ehy do not p an taxes .
Another probme is that poeple thin that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries a many countries are republic so Mnoarhcy should be abolishde in this country ot .
There are also arguments gaaints abolishing the Monarchy t .
Fro exmaple many pepole like the rola family or they ar ohnes people not like teh politisions htta always lay .
I thikn eh royal afmil adn Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in hte world , UK is konw by st oryal family , so I do not htikn it should be abolished .
In ht ned I thni if amn peolpe awtn the Moanrchy to be albishde a general leectino should be aclled and then ese if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Virto fertliisation " is the fetrilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
The egg is atke rfom the mother na placed in an nevironment whci will potimise the chanecs of fertilisation by the spmr fr the father .
cne feritlisatio has occured teh fertilised egg is implantde back nit teh mothers wmo and from there on the prenganc will be onrmal .
Nroamlly mro than 1 gg is tkaen orm the toher so that the eggs can be stored adn used later if teh pregnayc is unsuccesful or so tah more than en c be fertilised at t same time to increase the chanc of a uscecsful pregnancy .
Th uusalyl elads to multiple births ie .
twisn , tripelt et .
Tehre are people who are gaains this , saiyn it is not natural and is it fia to hte hcil haivn started lef in a set tube , as the believe life starts from th momen of conception .
There aer tehic involvde whereby hw is given the treatmen and w is n't ?
, at what age sohuld hte treatment not be gevn and is it justifiable to spend so much monye on in virto fertilisation fro one person when teh same amount of money could be uesd to svaes hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles of exmapel .
ht people who er for this c grue by saying thta it is hte right of erey person to have their own chidl .
Women who wolud no onrmally be able to have children ca no do so with invitro fertilisation .
Throuhg no fault of ehr o s could hav a blkced fallopian tube acusnig re to be unable to lalwo geg down to the wobm and it is only fair in hleping h to hav children .
Tecnhology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethisc adn practica gudielines have bne lfet behni .
I therefore think it is nceessary to have certain regulations ie .
1 . Fertiilyt treatment ohuld nto be igvne to post - menopausal women .
hte menouase is the body 's way of telling yuo that you aer to old na yru byd is no long capable of berain a baby .
Last year theer was a case of a post menopausal woma who by lygn aobtu ehr eg sa given in virto fertilisation ( Fv ) .
I do n't thikn thsi is fair or mroalyl correct to hte child since h omther wolud be clmiing her pensino wehn s aws at primary school nad eh mother would probably die while the hcidl was in eh teens .... theer hsould be a etts taht is given bfeore ( IVF ) is carried out to hcec th mother is no past the menpoause .
2 .
Eggs shoul not be taken from aborted foetuses .
T foetuses will ahev bene aobrted for a reas for example : if it was teh rseult of a arpe or if it ha congnetial deformitise .
There hsolud be a guideline or law stating thta eggs should on be takne frmo the mother and on rfo dead , foetuses .
Sicence has moev on dramtaiaclly sinec the C19th .
Many new thisg have been invented and many things medcially hvae changed .
People in our moedrn tmise are now ab to have liver , herat an eevn lnu transplants , there aer many copmliactions ubt man are succesufl .
People are abl to have a whole we blood suppl if theirs lacks t sfuficinet requirements or , a bone marr tarnsplant if hte olod alcsk wihet clls .
Al ht above are carired uot on livi epopel , ub nowadays biological opertaions can be acrreid o on humans whic are not even born .
Bodies acn satr hteri ady in a test tubes .
htsi is called ' in vtir fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed rfom a owman alced in a tes uteb adn then sprem is plcaed in to the tts teb and t egg and psrem fes together .
The tets tube is then icnubated f a few weeks na when the fetosu is formed , the baby is thne insreted cak in to the mtoher .
Teh eftosu is left to grow nad edvelpo anturall .
Tihs idea is etxremely beinficia to marri copuels hw haev been trying fro a baby tu ahv bne unsuccesful rae albe to have chidlren .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the abb to rgwo indie , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it wou feel apart of her , this wuold not hapepn if t couple adotped .
What I do fee is ehticall incorrect is wh a womna hw is post - menoapusal decides she watns a baby .
Nature sa already takne st course to tell her hs is too old to have ayn children so hwy ohuld s have o implanted nito ehr .
It is not fair on the hcild because when it rgwos up na a st friends aer playing wtih their 30 - 40 year odl parnets , ti omhter coul be rdaiwng he pension dn I am usr sh would not feel ilke playing with re chlid .
Als t mother ma dei of old gae before the child h led a full lfi na this wolud be uafir to the hcidl .
The child may al have to loo after t mothe in her old age .
As t feotus begins its lfi in a tset tube , and teh spe is leected , this emans taht t s of the srem coudl aslo be selected .
Th way eh es can be cohesn is by usin egnetic .
Teh owemn ha 2 X chromosomes a the m has one X nad a Y - chormosomes .
Teh wya in which the s ca be seelcted is that hte egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromsoome .
T X chrosoome sperm is silghlty heavre tahn the Y so tye can be separated .
If t mother awnt a b Y eprm is selected na if a gilr X is selceted .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , an a decilne in hte othre .
As a result ihs would reduce hte population as teher wolu be less couples .
Also wta hapepns if most people ht yaer uo er obnr are em dn uo aer a woman , thsi woudl be hte unpopular sex .
Sciecn is prgoressing ll th mie , b is it fro the bets ?
The mani reason for teh people of Britain to stop etaing beef at th moment is teh threat of BS .
Thsi is a viral disesae thta tatack hte central nervous ysstem hwich can be passed on torugh cnosumsuming eh animal .
In ocws it is commonly know as mad cow disease an by law any cow showign thse sgins must be destoreyd a ont sold for meta .
The problem is however the signs a not shown for a long tmi , htis being a viral disease .
It c be passed on to uhman through etaign parst of th animal suc as the bari which is affetced and these ptrs er usually osl na tu into sat foods such as beef buregsr .
The re of the maet howeve is eraltively saef and eating , e.g. a seta offer evyr little chanec of t disease benig apssed on .
However the Brisih press has ignored ihs afc na blown the isutation uot of proportion ocnsidreing only a veyr small number of people have ided of eh disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
naother reano of the British people to tspo eating beef is teh push for vegetarianism , although this is a mu smalle threat to the tarde than hte fromer poi atu BSB .
Tehse fcaotrs could have a considerable imapct on the argicultrual indusrty prevenitng the sale of British dairy livestock nto only in Birtai but for xepotr aswell .
With global communications as ood as they er wo , it could send a scare across the owrl aobut British Bee - inde rfanec adn Germany alreda hva restircted and someplaces banend the sale or ioprt of Birtis ebef fo fear of it 's safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , Dairy farming a the asel of Befe proudct still forms ht backbone of British garciulture na would completeyl hcange the afec of farmnig in Bratin .
Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops wer dae , sbustantial cahgnes owuld be needed to chaneg the siutation .
epople throughout eh United Kingdom ewer , doubtels shcoked and perhaps upset by imgae in eh national perss nad televisio enws of cows who ahd contracetd hte disees obvine spnuigform encehplaapthy , or B .
T so - called ' ma c diseas ' seemed to mak the cows los lal sense of balance na direction , stumblnig around drunkenly .
Herds wheer htis disease aw fonud were put down beofr teh sympotms progressed further .
Thos cows which ha ebne upt odw ewre not use for ofo .
eh disaees nifect the cow , and is then present in eh spanl fludi within t ipne and the rbai , adn as teh spnial fluid is usuall split in the salugther of tatle for mea , t sik of contamination of ht meat aw one the indsutry sa ont willing to take .
Teh human disease , Crentzfel - Jacob disease , or Jc , is belieevd to be a human fro of BSE , atlhuogh no claer link has te bne established between the wto .
It is uncelar whether incidence of CDj is on teh irse , or whether awareness of the condition is hegihteend , tu more cases , frmo al gase ahev bee diagnosed recently , and hte disease is lawyas fata .
hte govenrment insists , perhpas correcyl , tta rbitish beef is perfectly asf to e .
However , people er geniunel scared of eh prseence of t disease in the U.K. , and many ra asbtaniing from eaitng bfe .
Mnay cshoosl have removed beef fr their menus , substituting pork dn chickne , and saels of beef ha shown a dceline .
T implications ofr eh beef industry ocul be rather esrious , wree evreybody to boycott beef products .
To compenstae , eef prices have dropped , in attmepst to sell more meat , ub t public remains sceptical .
If befe continues to fla from favoru , the th bfe indusrty 's future wolud be uncelar .
Bfe products a pseent in ma foodsutfsf such as jellies , fruit gmus , an of cuorse stock ucbes .
Would la ehse prodtcs have to ifn synthetic or substitute ignredients ?
Even if the neitre bee idnustry were to grind to a halt , ht numerosu heads of beef acttle worldwide woudl no longer be nedeed , bu , being bred as tehy ra , for bfe , they would be useless of mil products .
Not all beef ac be infected , though , dn ht sittaion ahs become a waiting game .
ro beef to be rrpeived or condemned , we are forc to turn to the seintists to establish whether or not BEs and C er ilnked , and , more importantly , whether the latter ca be ocntractde by eating meat ocntaminated wit the forre .
The nation await the vredict on etnterhooks , a it is in teh majority 's inetersts th htree be no proven link .
Wat hti psace .
Personally , I believe that it is mere that am is bteetr at diangosnig Jc n tna ever before .
Some reports say that it na take up to 20 years to develop , so we cuold la lareday ahev it .
Whatever you belivee , I hsal contniue to enjyo my rsat beef nad Yorskihre pudding , thankyou .
htere ahs eben a big csar in Britain ceently that some befe may contain B ( obvine spogniofrm encephaolptahy ) which may ela to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jac idseas ) .
BSE is a dsieas in ocsw tta effects thei brain na siprla tissu ( or ofla as it is soemtimes known ) .
Aft a fwe reported case of JcD , a similar rom of th disees fuond in uhmans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BS ) is t caes .
Resaerchers beileve that aetign beef containin offal wlil trnasmit hte fatal disesae to humans .
htsi ciam ah dveestated the British beef idnustyr as eppole are now too csarde to ta beef in case htye contarct the illnes .
Alread teh slase of beef in maerica ahve dropped by aobut 15 % an in Britian th ahev dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Ahtough scineitsts sa that to octnract C part of hte csw offal must be cotnanied wtiihn ht ebfe .
customers are tsill reluctan to eat t meat incase it sa co fmo moe ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As you na imagine htsi ah h a tremendous inffluence on salse in lpaces usc as fsat fo restuaranst hwree beefbugrers ra the ma ietm on hte menu .
An example of en is MacDonalsd where teh have immediately brought out a notice sttaing that thei beefburgers are maed from 100% of t fienst , pure bfe and contain no offal .
In my viwes no ahfl dceen restauratn with a good reputation wou sik biyng poor beef in acs a cusotemr acught CJD and tehy amanged to tcae it bac to eh erstauratn .
An otucmoe like this woudl mean htey would be use fro several htousansd of pnuds nad owuld rpobably have to esll up .
As a result of a olwe beef dmean in plcaes of food production theer woul be a olwer need fro be co .
htis emans taht there uold be an excess of be ( or a eef omnutain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this th prices of bfe would have to decraese in oredr to attract more customesr .
So , as a result of t claim aht beef conatinign contaminatde ofafl ma caues C in humans , farmers ( in praticular beef farmers ) are losin uo as tehy will have to sell their meat of a lower price ud to the low dmenad .
As a ersutl hte may hav to diversify toawrd othe raaes su as corps , imlikng cows , etc . or even have to g a governmen subsidy .
I feel that th eviedcne that BSE causes C was not storn enough before the claims weer released .
It has therefore caused an unnceessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural indust and bee mraket .
The question of copmensatio for sevriecs rendered is neve so simple as remitting a predetermnie aslray besd on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the taks at hand .
If one ha preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one wli ecrtianly be disappointed since some emplores aer sure to value their skills and abilities elss than others . "
Contributio to society " is subjcetiev adn therefore impossibl to compensate " equally ' .
In the 9120s in American , it ebcame very popular to disadin poepl hwo did not actulaly rok ro a livign , but mreely lived off th inetrets of their investments .
The stock marek was expeirencnig a obmo , and several ofmrerly working - clas citizens became waeltyh an reilshe teh id of retirnig aeryl .
ub seevrla rgea authosr of tah peirod questnoed the giht of thees investors to effectively live as parasites ; ehy ceeived moen , ubt they contributed nearly nothing to scoieyt .
People hwo inherit moye or li off teh interest of investors fotne esme to spdn their time in saerch of a new thrill , smoe sort of excitement tah mnoey ac n buy .
Hivng almost unlimite wealth change people , both tohse who rae obnr itno wealth adn tohs hwo aern their own money earl on .
tu do they have the righ to liv this way ?
hwta about people who work very ahrd te they sme to be pa miserably .
A migrant work amy slave away in a file all day olng adn maek ses money in a dya than a wealthy presno spneds on a tip at lunch .
T answer this quesiton lies in one 's efelings about Democracry .
Some wuold argue taht if a person is smart enoug or lcuyk enough to enr mnoe for an early retirement ( or of their children 's inheirtance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rhter ahdr view owudl be that if osmoene who works on a menai or physically atxing ojb does ont kae a fair or moderate salary then it is ihs or hre own ualt ( or bad ulck ) .
These opinions are bsaed on a rather fault Amreican premise tha all peop er given an equal chance in life adn wah they make of it is hteri own responsibly .
Apparenlty , mos people belieev tta they are underpaid and that tohesr rae overpaid .
ro intsanec , everyone seems to htikn tah doctors maek umhc too money for t work the do , y none of the odctosr are lowering their fees ( they sut htikn thta it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to mipoes on the epsronal ilevs of wealthy peop by maki tehm work hadre , or give people oh er n ewalthy money that society does not beleiv they desevr , we can no give pay equal to contribution to soicety .
I ager taht in the past woemn have had problems wiht sociteie role of what they are expected to do in the wrok lpac and at ohm .
Wome have ebne looked dwon on if the tr to get haea and pay has differed wiht the smae job for a man verses a woman doin the sma j .
Gone is the age that the wom is required to aty ohme .
Now a lot of wmoen work a the ens tha wtn to st hom do it bceuase they want to .
A lot of what hsa changed woem 's loes is teh feminists .
These rae rgoup of peolpe that hvae defended womne vore th years .
These peolpe hav shown the modren world what women in the work place ac do .
The problem is that htese feminists have ont lookde at all women .
Some wome were happy wti old tradiitnos , som wanted a b mroe in their lives , smo wanted a lot more in thier lievs .
hwa happens is taht lal wone hav to go alogn iwht these feminists rules .
htsi makes it hard , because if they do n't , they aer lokode down uop by their peirs .
An example is miltiar wome awtning to serve in combat positinos when at awr .
Feminitss argued this a to when the Iraq ra was going on .
They felt that women shuold have been give the chance to fight .
I fetl that these peolp wree crazy .
Women sut ca n't fight in a war veyr well .
The are nto strgn enough and if captured ocul be raepd .
They feel that it is not fair th ne are the onl ones .
Othre women , tohuhg , a glad tha t url in the United States satnds as it odes .
Feminists have taklde auot proomtions in teh work plaec as not bieng fair .
Asl sexula haarssment is involved in a lto of usits .
Man women believe that they are hte victims .
I agree that fiev to etn yesr ago hti might have been true , b now many employers are th victims .
They er scar of wha a woman ac do adn someitmes wome gte looked at differently .
There are some thin that women c do better than men and there ra osem thin thta mne can do better htna owmne .
God owuld have created us la the mae if this wa n true .
Feminists are triyng to kae everyone equa nad th is impossible to do because nautre na not be changde .
More nad mroe office bos are being filde by the woman but a to of th psyical jobs a still filled by em .
I think that the tarditional rolse were a godo thi , but hte modernization hsa changed everyone 's habits .
Divorec is at fitfy precent and risign , wmoen er having mro herat attakcs , being mo srtessful , and kids er bein mer neglected .
Modernization is ogod , but I tihnk th women should on be rpessured tno tihs if tsi is on fo them .
Teher wlil be a owman in t presidnecy , and running a to mor companie .
Wome should be created equal , but they can lny do whta ntarue intended thye to do ...
Whenever a omvemetn is began wehhter it be poilitcal , religious , or ratistic , tsereotypes are qukc to form .
People noramlly assocaited with politics , religion , or art a quickly lmuepd in categories regardless of nidviidual differenecs .
Thsi tregdy is worsened by teh etndency of those otuisde teh movement to remember hte ridcal na ignore t common or odrinary .
This is especially ure of the owmne 's Liberation Movemtn in Ameriac .
Since ti beignnings in teh la nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation ah een me with adamant , and often obstinate oppotsion .
moe of the ifsrt radicsl , ussna B. Anthony and Geroeg Snad ( atlhough Frecnh ) weer ontcied and ridciule , tuhs defaetign thri cause , because of their aggressiv action .
At the sem time other femiinsts suhc as Emiyl Dickinson wree vritualyl ignode dunig hteri ilfeitme a only acknowledge psothumuosly as being prat of teh moveemtn .
Thsi ignoarnce of other less aggressiv femniist , mad it seem as though teh fmeinist movement was ehade oyl by wild , disgurnteld zealot and was thefrore , detrimental to th gdo of soicety .
Although " radicals " such as asnd nad Anthony seem docile and backward in modern satdnards , teh rpoblem tslil exists .
From th very beginnnig the Womne 's Movement in America has been ifghting a losign battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not l with th radical emmbres of the movement , ubt rather , in the pecreptino of those observing the movemnt .
When owme 's Li really tko off aagni in the late 1690s , it was gaain destined of failure .
Immediatel , ht focus was on radicals lkie Stien , instead of t houeswief who returned to college dn made a acreer for herself .
Those outside the mvoemen coudl onyl see t differecnes bteween " normality " and Women 's Lib .
This is still tru twenty - vie years later .
Women supporitng equal p ro women adn a othre " lbireal " causes lkie affirmaitve atcion rae only sene in eh hsadwo of t rba - burnig , anti - hsaving leaders of the 9107s .
The good of their caues is undermined by the eprception of the radical .
So what am I egtting at ?
Only th so - called feminisst have not in nad of themselves hamred the Wmone 's omvemnet .
Howvere , the puplar perception of them has .
For so many eyras ht good tta feminists ha promote fro woem has fallen by t wayisde in lei of other more interesting , i.e. radical idesa .
Lek many ohter aspects dn moveemnts in lfie , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was ebing iamde aws not so jaded .
Wtihin this cetnury there ha een nay technological advanecs which have resulted in a drastically idffernet society than that of a hundred eyasr ago .
Clearly , of t inventions of this century , the en that ah made the mos impatc on owlrd views and ilfsetyle is eh television .
This instrunet h brouth ohtre worlds rig into t lviin roo , makgn it posisble to ee lef in other countries in a way that was never befoer psosibel .
However , eh invnetoin of television alos gave socitey an easy way to waste time ; one ah only to trun it on to utne out raeilty .
Television has ptoential to offer wonderful tnigs to its viewers , such as edcuational progrmaming of cihdlren , cultural programs baou fra away plcae , and a closer look at current events than cna not be given by newsppaer .
Television has the power to rbin war inot the home as well as aitstic expressiosn of tsoe involved in the program production , giving societ th opportunity to understand their o cutlrue more fully .
However , tihs is on the way in whic television sa influenced society .
On ht contrray , teleivsio has become t escap orut of the masses , a way f peopl to fele form the cofnlcits they experience in thier culture , ratehr hta confront them and yr to understand them .
In teh imnd of mots Ameircnas , television is regardde as a dviesrion artehr than an educational tool , as free entertianment instaed of saily accessible knowledge .
Millinos of Americans ac be foun to be staring at teh T.V. at na one time , watchign is - coms , soap - opera , nad catroons .
eh T.V. ah bceoem eh center of mna households ; in many families , teh only time that everyone is together is when they ra watching television .
T.V. is a major acsue of lack of togehtreness found in many American fmaliies , adn ha also resulted in an icnreaes in laziness .
The more item one sneds watching TV , teh less motivated he bceoems ; the is no nde to seek wrotwhhile activities when it is muhc easier to ist on eh cuohc , pikc up th remtoe control , and tsrae at a bo .
Television , therefore , has changed society in wasy thta colud hardly hev been dremae of 00 years a .
It sa gievn sicety another caetive vein , a look at worlds which could be sene in no other wa , and an opportunity to better eduacet itself .
However , throuohut the years , televisoin has lost much of i integrety ; hte porrgams offered are usually chea entertainment rahtre tna education .
The enetrtainment aspetc of etlevisino ahs fofeerd society an esa escape from ist problems and dificulties .
Therefore , sinc the invenito of telveision , scoiety hsa bceome more informde but too lazy to think about thsi new ifnromation , and ah sitanced itself form famli fie .
A discovery tta ahs significantly chagned man peoples lives and tehi ways of thnikin is eh epidemic , know as AISd .
Though it ah probbaly been around ofr awihl , it 's rpesnece hasn't really been known nutill fairly recently , na it 's consequences ha be edvsitating .
AIDS ha definateyl hda an ipmact on people in the nuited States dn probably al over the wordl because it always laed to edat and there is no cure .
It ha caused a lot of rpeujdice dn parnaoia among peolpe wihc has torn them aaprt .
of example , there is more of stigma tatcahed to bein a ohmosexual male , ont only beacuse of theri sexual preference , but th probab have IaSd oto .
htis ikn of ignorant thniikng is breaking us apar .
Al , when Ryan Whtie , a boy who cotnrcated IaDS throguh a blood rtansfuison was diagnosed , th epople of his two na his cshool trtaed ihm liek a copmleet outcast adn would n't allow hi to attend school .
With new dsicovereis of IaDS , praanoia is at an all tiem high .
Doctors are discovernig th osem undetcetable srtands of ADiS do exi .
This ah erlaly scared people because htye amy hvae DiS a not eev know it .
I efel tsi has relayl made people think baout hteir actions .
In ht early eightse " casual sex " in t United Stets aw a widley acceptde ieda , nwo it is somethgn people raell taek niot consideraiton and rarely occsr .
Relationships seemed to be valeud more than one night stands .
People are starting to realez tah th reall do ha to be caerfu , an with roe education on tihs disease , I 'm sure omre chagnes will come baou .
The twentieth centu sa een moer ras htna any ohte previous bol of time .
Tohugh advances in communciation , transportation , dn informtaoin sharing , eh world as a obd of epople living in clso proximity , h rapidly hsrunk .
In teh secno of the wlrd wars , eh arec wa on to create the most devastating , omts opwerful , nad msot frihgtenign weapon our epolpe hda ere kno .
In my opniio , the discovery an hanress of atom and its eenrgy and the correspodnin niveniton of nuclear weaposn haev eben eh msot significant aftcors of chaneg in our lieftmie , if not , perahps , in severla lifetimes .
As msisiel technology dn unclear fuiso capacities increase a impvoed , fear began to replac naitonalism , and our smll worl ercted barriers beewen i members .
Form my experience as an Aemrican , I acn remember associating communism iwt nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Crhist , a bbm shelters , scerte cities fo underground , and weaopn orbitnig ou plaent , with daliy , normla lfi .
Perhaps this icnresaingly common netality is the wrost effec of uo nuclear , clod ra ga .
In a planet hwcih desperately nedes o ofcu on enviornmenta and humanitarian isuse , my country ahs spent uncountable trillions of dollasr on nuclaer weapons testing , improevment , and implemenattion .
As a commonpalce goal nad testimonial alndmark to 9 presidential administrations , the ocl wra sa manifested ti awseome power nad control over aerly evrey facet of Americana ; from survival kits a basement bombshelters to an ever icrculating chief Executive commandpost rfom ht a .
In just the past three yras our famil of ntaions ah se ht idsmantlin of the Berlin Wall and uhndresd of other smallre sybmols of rfeedo , and an end to oppression in many circmusatnces .
Wi htis , the walls , brabed wire , dn netal barriers are falling , brigning omer ahnge tahn our plnae has seen snic st genesis .
Alhtoug th lo habits dei hard , the er indeed dying .
In America ht mitiary ahs be reduced by sevrea thousand troosp , adn hte productino of nucaer awhreads has ivtrually arrived a standstil .
Hopefully , wiht continued effrots , our es of nuclear ufsio adn fission will turn fro meduism of strateyg , destruction , na wsate to mattre of energy productno , medicine , and other humanitarian gosl .
Wi this htawign of attitudes , ru frigid planet nad cdl niehgbors may once again be a wram nad freinldy people .
The discovery of pneciillin as an antiiboitc w one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemisrty .
As a naturla antibiot , penicillin wsa disvoered to ahev amn ues in stoppgn and preventing the srpea of infections .
This " wonde - rdu " aslo led to the discvoery of a variety of otehr naturally - occurrnig antibiotics that could las be cluture " in ivtro " in a laboratory .
This sudde burst of useuf coopunds nto only improved eh chances of a patient 's sruivval in a hospitla but las causde a grea ene ro mdeica chemitss to sutyd na clsasify each nwe drug as it was dsicovreed .
As discvoereis of new antibiotics derceased , chemists ebagn to wonder if certain vaaitions of these drsg clud be synthesized and slo used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of teh anturalyl - ocucrring antibiotics through synthesis .
Bot of these new attempts caused a ende f omre resrach , mor companies , and more emdical hcemitss , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that hte lodre dru could be synthesized efficientl while still remaining biologically actvie .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useflu while others wree not .
A variety of ne drug continuousyl appeared on ht market and hcange the aw people thought abuot taking medicine .
It was wo muc easier to obtia anitibotics of simple illnessse , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , shc as Upjohn , were fomred and grew , and universities ha research tesm devoted to producin efficient nythesis ruotes fo the produtcio of all iknds of antibiotics .
ht discovery of en comopund led to ht increaes of health of millions of pepoel , to teh discovery of more an more atnibiotisc , and to a oboming indsutr comprised of reserach teams and large companeis .
ht synthesis of antibiotics and researhc of theri uess still continues otday as thosuands of universities and companies aorund t owrdl contieu ht wokr of a msall bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
ht modern microcompure ( PC ) has evolev at an inrcedilby fas paec : fro the very first modern compuetr in hte 1940 's to t computers of today , tree ahve been many technological advances dn alos there ha been a trmeendou imapct on society .
The ocmpute ha elimiantde many jobs through automatino of factorie ; accounting , negienering , and toher scientific progarsm , te .
hte efcets of hte computer have been trmeendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
hte ocmpuetr has mdae life easier from a physicla satndpiont dn harder rfom a mentla standpoint .
eh physical efcets of th computre are nmueruos na easyl seen .
In office , the computer is everywhere .
From wro procesossr to spreadsheet / database rpograms , computre ha mad office wkr saier and fasetr .
Atuomatoin of factories ah laso elimitaed many mnaaul jobs .
Also almots vereyone has at leats no ismple copmuter , e.g. a calculator .
The ra of course mayn toher tihng computers are us ofr , ub a lengthy list is not necessar as veeryone alrea knows ( except of pepol in 2nd dn 3rd wrol cuotnries ) how abundant computers are .
Th mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , ocmputers ahev amed mahtematical computations so easy to do , many peoel do on flly udnerstand how or why their cmopute wosk .
htis h creatde a surpuls of " needles " computations , fiugres , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions wit a computer .
Waht many epople do not realzie is thta moputers mek errors all th time .
Grnate , it is the perosn hw " to " the comptuer what to do thta rtluy made the reror ; hoewvre if that eprosn knwe hwta he sohul do , or better stated " wsa abel to do with a computer " , he woul not hev erorneosu ansewrs .
Mathematical moedl , theories , e .
er absolutely rdideld with errors sipmly because there are many htings people do n't konw or ca n't predict .
ude to th rrors frequently eixts in th wrodl of computers simply ceause humans are ginorant- for whatever erason - of many " varaibles " .
Seocdnly , computres have sometimes ebcmoe more reilabl htna pepole .
A competr 's circuits do n't get tired na , if programmde 100% correclty ( anhter prehaps impossibel copmutatio ) , never amke error .
This supopsed reliability has lfe many workers out of wo .
The effec of this rae unperdicatble .
Anger , frustraiton , fear , dn many toher negative feleinsg have srpung up simultaneously with the ires of comtuer usage .
Clearly , htere is evidence of ogod and bad resulst from the advne of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to htrow the computer away or never su it gaian .
Ye three aer practical solutinos .
ebtetr mathematical eudcation is needed for eevyrone oh sues a computer tohe htna a smiple calculator .
slo , crutailnig some theertical programming could elmiinate alarming predictions or erronoeus reslust .
The ek is probably in the calsrsoom .
Peolpe should elanr moer baout eh ramifications about waht thye are doing .
( Th porbabyl would erquire understanding of philospohy a pcyhology as well as amthematics nad science . )
In eihter csa , if copmutesr are good or bad , it would be diffiuclt to dsipuet their ipmact on people 's lvise .
A lrage , 1/2 eg , soemtimes as large as a smll IfAT , wit a metal arrow in it 's ectner ah changed the siz of the world , an communicatio amongs th countrie within it .
The satellite dhs , cretade in the last 0 years , ah changed t menain of telecommunication .
In rat , it has created ht Information Ag , as the latter aprt of the 20t ctry , is oftne labelled .
Not certani about the tae of st invention , it mts be reocgnized as noe of the mroe vital tools used in osicety today , amongs wor leaders , arding cmopanies , dn ht mdei , as lel as t entertainment world .
Ted Turnre revoultionzied t us of ht satellite , iwt hi cretaio of CNN , the ornud - t - clock , round - th - world nsw station .
rpesidnets na dictators alike switch t cahnnel to reciev ifrst ahdn information rfmo the netwro , scuh as impeachments , coup d'ettas or cili wars .
Decisions , of governmenta autonmoy , are bein made , based on hta nights news CNN commentator .
hte leaders adn presidents of etnerprises cuh as paansonci and CORE ref to CNN , created by satellti dish , on a adily baess .
tsocks are an nitegarl prat of their livelihood .
Th entertainment world has taken ufl advantage of the satellite di , subtitling the Information Age , with teh MTV age .
The creatoin of Vt in 1980 , has dramatically changed the enteratniment business .
Teh money poured itno ceraitng videos , dn the rpofist form viewership- have had a tsrnog affect on the wrol econym .
40% of U.S. millionares a netertainers .
T Staelliet ids hsa aslo craeted distinc advantages ofr Cable TV adn naval programs as well .
The intleligence of an average eteanger is lowerin itlef ude to cable viiwng , cerated by the satlelite dish .
Nvala prgorams vae wasted exceeding amounts of money in eh United States , eu to the setllite dish .
Adn no sut n ofregt space programs cuh a STRaWARS .
The creation of th satellite dsih in teh psa 20 years , has altree eh avearge intelligence of the human being ofr eh better and sometimes wroes .
It ah ceratde an information age , which oculd be dangerous , a heightened an entertainer 's salary .
ht pro 's nad con 's of the satellite dish a unmerous .
The only observation which can be amd , is htta : It has altered ppole lives significalty .
It is up to the average person to decdie if this alteration lil be for th beetr or wores .
eh discoveyr of the Atomi enregy , is udnoubtedly the the most awseome as wle as terrible invention not only of th 20th cetnury but of lal tiem .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppehneiemr unveiled to teh wodl his invention in t for htat is stil most faimilar to us tdoya : Teh Aotmci bomb .
T reason behind ht fae thta this enreg acuses is routed in it nicredible pow to destryo .
Neve bfeoer had the wodl ese something wit ushc a capacity to kll .
Nvee befor had en ojbect of such small size bee able to tek so amyn lise .
For this erason , It is cosniedred the most awe - nipsiring and dangerou weapo in the owrld .
Unfortunately , wti eahc progressive ady , ht world 's need for htis dangreuos eregy augmetns .
ro to on does it ha th acpaciyt to ikll ,
but als the capabiilty to supply and energize the world .
eh drawback is t danger .
In utilizing th pwoer in plants na afctoires we rnu the risk of contaimnatin our alnd , blowing ohle in o yk , rednerign our sae suelses , and killing our speceis as well as all hte species of ht earth .
Although we hev many othe power osucre alternatievs , we sitl notinue to use htsi dangerous invention .
It is illogical to htnik tah with contuned nuclear su , we can esacep hram .
Already as a reslut of pollutino a toher various fatcors , we haev holes in uor ozone layer nad probelms with our soil in nay parts of hte wordl .
It wolud be olgical to thnik that ht laeder of ht wlrd wou confer nad aspire to p a stop to nuclear use in an effort to aovdi an further damage to the earth and its inahbitants .
Teh saddest pra of this traged is that three ahv been ver few efofrts to do so .
ht la of sgith from uo leaders is mlost appalilng .
With the lack of resepct f the planet that is the genearl attitude of today , what is to bemoe of oru children .
Th current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is aslo however , a problem of which unclear energy is only a msall piece .
Ufnortuantely , th day lil soon come weh eh damage caused by this apathy will be irreversabel .
This is why it is imperatvie to act otady .
It starts iwht you .
Write your local congressman .
An invention of the 20t century hwcih I thin h significantly ahnged peolpe 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extend to which hti invenoin has altered ppole 's lives is atsronomical .
The ariplane opened odros to travelign adn al braodened people 's perceptions of t netire world .
It also intrdouced wha semede a completely impossible concept which no huma is cabale of doing wtiohut a mhcine : t concept of flyin .
Before teh invention of th airplnae , nog distance traveling wsa a very difficult , time ocnsumign task .
For this ersaon people did not trave extrmeel long idsatnces dn misse ht opportunity of visiting cuotnries iwt cultures veyr different fr their own .
One ocul travel by boat but this w icnonveneint adn tfen dangerous becaes of various things lik diseas , hunger , and threatenin weather ; alos as onted aboev , it aws extreemly itme consuming .
Because of ht lkc of lnog distance travel pepol oetn ha a very ethnocentric and liimte concept of the owrld .
I have elanred a ol aobu my own culture sut from bein in psain and that is eh on foreign country I hav eve visited .
I can admit that befor I came to Sian I was veyr ignortn about oteh cultruse .
Even though I would watch th news nad read aobut other ucltuers I still did not ahv t opportuinty to wntess it first hand .
The inevntion of the airplane h poened many doors dn o toher door is international relations .
Sicne the inevntio of the airplaen ht wrold h incraeesd colse contact between politicla systems , an international business endeavors .
ht frequency tah wihch forieg countries er able to cmomuniacte dn engotiaet cae to afce has imprvoe drastically t estalbishemnt of international trad .
eh airplane hsa aos basically speed up th hwoel opsta communication system slo .
Life wti airplanes is more rpai paced .
Cra , telehpone , and nculaer neergy ra just there examples of inventions adn discoveries tha haev h pfoound effects on modern d life .
We must remember , hoewver , hta t fiedl of etchnology is ont ht onl one in wihc signiifcatn advances ahve eben made in eh 0th century .
Another " discovery " of this aps cenutry has been feimnsim , which has ha a significant mipatc on hte lives of bo emn and women .
Of cuorse , the ssue of efminims is not a enw on , but it is just wihtin the psa cenutr that umch progress has been mdae twoarsd the equality of women ( wtih th important exception of wmoe winnni hte irgh to ovte in the 1800s ) .
As ercently as teh 1950s , it was itll th oms tyipacl as wll as t ideal to vae the woman in the hoem , housekeeping and neding the chilrden .
Th first significant euqal rihgt omvement in the U.S. was in hte 70s wtih eh Equal irght Amendment , wihch falie .
Evne tdoay , the owamn is sti only earning somtehign like 60 ecnts for every dolalr that a man erans .
Feminism deo not only hav to do with wrok and mnoye , but alos with the iamge of women .
It 's only ceently that we 've " discovere " , or beugn to thni aobtu arther , h much tihng as varying as pornography or the alnugage we use ehlps to ofmr the image of women .
A recogintion of such nifulences on ht image of wemn is the frist step in rbeaking it down , so hta woem ar ese fo who the tru are .
Feminism is ebtter described as a " discovrey in rpgoress " ; it 's a movemnt , an tatitud tah has no yet becom maisnteram .
Only whe moen haev achieved equality with m , wlil there cease to be a need for feminism , na ht idscover wll have bne copmelted .
The idea I fle htat sa most singificatnly cahngde people 's lives in t 20th cetnury is taht of caring of t environment .
Toda , peopl hvae bemoe awar of the imoprtance of evnironment to o future .
Pepole are conecrned with nuclear wepaons .
We erlaize that cuontries that which haev amn weapnos hva the power to destroy teh owrld .
Also related to this topic is unclea waste .
Nculaer waset is n onl harmuf to humans ; it aslo kills animals adn platn .
We er onw fighting for tcs to celna up ou lakes adn rivers .
Copmanise er no noger alb to ferely dump their waets w / o bein heavily fnied .
Pepoel have also bcemoe concerned with nature .
We used to assume ru natural resoucre were never neding .
Nwo , thohg , we realize what we u , nedes to be replaced .
ro example deforestation is a vrey big issue , many gruosp hvae formed to lpatn moer trees .
We also reazie our fossil fuels need to be sue more conservatively .
naothre important topic we are all aware of is reyclcing .
This links 2 isuses , on of no producing much nonbidoegradable procuts and t oehr of reusing aht we hev .
( Recycling in a smal awy also hepl those w / o hmose b / c tehy recieev moye for thie collecitons ) .
Many cotnries realize that recycling is to noly beneficial to their economy it asl is bnefeicial to thier envrionment .
Another improtatn issue is that of conesrving energy .
In the aps , noce again , we assumed our enegry was neev ending .
Nwo htough epolpe are mroe inclined to turn of their lights when tye 're not in their roo , to not leave taps runnig and basiclaly n to waste ou natuarl resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment tu it is also sase omne .
We hva slo becoem more considerable of our naimal lief .
We rae no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for ofo ub hunting is limited nad we are all waaer of hte possibilities of extinctio .
One realzie that naimals hev rights to .
In ocnclusion , the idea of caring for eh environment is still a new no .
We are slowly becoming more awer and aer beginnnig to take more precautions .
hte ideas above rae jsu a fe of th topics we are onw cnocerned with .
ub we ar haeidng in hte rihg idrectio and hopufl by the 21st ecntury we wi hev fixed evreythign we have detsroyed !
ocmputers vae edifnitely effected poeplse ilves .
I have a compture and my fie has change bceaus of it .
I 'm abel to tsroe lamost ll eh ifnormaiton I ene for scholo and for other things in my computre wreeas befroe I had a compute my desk was cultterde w/ paper a records of all sorts , I no lnoger nee to kpe tehse records but noyl to transfer them to my comupter .
This means I 'm albe to store more information in an organized fsahio .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of th tremendous opportunities whcih I ahv or will hva .
Aside from being able to store great amonuts of fno , I 'm asl able to process adn to idt htigns quikcl .
F exmaple , withou the su of a compuetr I h to balance my checkbook once a omtnh and had to htis w/ a calculato , a pen adn a piece of paper .
Of course , tihs was very time consuming dn poe to error . W/ th use of a computer I vae programmed hte computer to make the calculations which I noec hda to make .
Aslo , w/ eh use of the Word Processor I 'm abl to edit and rearrange documents w / out atlerin the eniter docmuetn , na furthermore , though I have eyt to use the Commnuications prgoram in my compute , this program seem to be extraordinarily heplful .
My ftaher ha hte same program in ih computer dn is able to buy on lin tickets w / out leaving th house and moreover w / o picking up the phone .
Als , I realize thta my experience w/ computers is limite na that eh power of ocmputres , fo me , is incmoprehensibl .
I 'm wo ehre in Madrid .
ohw di I get there ?
Well , I paplied to the this program , w accetpe , na flew ree form the US .
Btu , w / out th us of computers I would still be tsrgugling w/ eh secretary in eh Interantional Progrmas Office at Botson University , no dbut .
Instea , onec I applied to the proarm- eh application f hwihc wa probabl computer egnerated- I assume my niof was processed by a computer .
W / uo tih luxury , eh Intenraitonal Programs Ofcie would inevitably niundated w/ papeowrk and things wou hterefore be lost or at elsat misplaced .
Wne booking my flig , thouhg I idd not do this myself , the rtansactoin wodl seem ipmossible minus the iad of computers .
Computers have da a mots isngificant imapct on the poepl in the latter 1/2 of the 20t ecntury .
An niventio of eh 20th century taht I think ahs significantly changed ppole 's vies is televiison .
TV alolws the intsantnaeous communication of ideas , imegs , nesw , ct .
onw , if something is happening in nay apr of teh world- from acrsos tnw all the way to Beijing -- every preso in the world ca watch tsi event as it is hapneing .
hwile preivousyl epople had to wait dsy , or even weeks for nesw ( which consisted of sceon - or htidr - ahdn accuonts , which awlays involved mcuh interpretation a distortion ) wo th cna see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allosw tehm to make their own , informed judgmetn bauot hte event ; dn if a reaction is necseasry- suc as hte gathering of oppositino to a creatin law -- it acn be maed immediately , hwlie teh eomtions are stil strong , a before hte action is finalized .
As wel , the fcat that so many peopl ( especially in the US ) hav television sets means hta everybody ( wle , at least everybody hwo watcse ) receives the smae inflow of infomrtaion and diesa .
So , ro example , people in psain ca be informed about how people in aclifornia or Japan speak a cat , this allow peolp from diefrent cultures to cmoe together and dsicuss diea .
In my opinion , htis is no part of the prcoess of makign teh wodl a " smalelr " , moer unified palec , or a " golbal vilalg " as one journalist sa called ihs rold of ht Infmration Age .
N only eh news , but alos netertainmnet is an importatn practical function of tleeviison , through television entetrainemnt , as trhouhg ltireature nad drama , people laer diffreent emssages about life .
htey acn ee variuos actiosn acte tu to thei ensd , adn understnad the conseuqences of htese catinos , without having to perfomr the asm actions and experience hte consequencse of htemselves .
Unforutnately htese TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life an haev a tendency to glorify violence , as ewl as maknig life seem the good guy always wins , and awlays lives thr dangerosu situations .
Hoewvre , this esns of reality is not so distoretd , and so hdiden that people are gnig aorund acting lkie Suprema .
As long as on has a well - devleopde senes of reality , TV cna be an excellent tool for understanding the world we ilve in .
Th waters of the culunayr seas have been clam and consistant fro cetnurise .
Prgorses ah move slow lkie the tdies and teh constant yrthm of the waves have showed ilttle change .
However with hte daybreak of t twnetyth ecntuyr a storm has brewed .
With tihs storm the wate ahv churned na spwaend a wave tha sa crashed uno teh orcsk of evrey kitchen .
htis waev is the microwave .
Nevre before sa su an invention reovlutionized a science lik this .
A complete rbeak ha been ofgred in hte way food is prepared .
At hte danw of time , cave men cooked animal lfesh voe opne fires .
As History progressed , spit and barbeques meeregd .
Technology s the advent of the wood stove , and taer nose fuelde by caol .
Modnr time saw ags and elctric ranges as to staple .
All these thinsg had o thing in common : IfRE .
Flame , t souec of ilfe , always use to prepare th fool of mankind throughout Hitsoyr .
However , t mircowave uses radiation to excite waetr particels in food , thu rceating fritcino , which rceates heta .
This is a prmie xeample of thinknig tha deos n follow in lod footstesp ubt breaks away fmo convention and ofregs new routes .
If tsi were not amazing enough , eh micrwoave cuts coikng tiem in half .
If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that yo cuol cut cooking time in ahl , and not us fire , they wolud have thought y crzay , or bewitched , or uedr t inlfuecne of heavy drugs .
In an age wher tmie is eh scarcest comodity , our socitey ahs embraced this eilminato of wasted housr in hte kitchne .
A moth who works , can come home can whip up somtehing in minutes in the microwave , whereas before eh would ahv been lsaving in the kictehn .
eh microwave is excellent for re - heanig making it easier for people to maek excess food to be etaen later .
Agai time is cnosreved -- Childre aer ab to us this simple device wihtuot raental fear of fires startign .
F As I have said bofre , tehr is no fire !
This mravel of tecnhology has heepd proepl people into the dizizng apce of lfi that most of us elda in t 20th century .
Throughout History one cna se that gera revelations in all raea come from breask in tradition , en inisghst , and differents perspectievs .
lal these were needed to rceate teh imcrowave hwcih is essential nowadays .
Eating is sometihng eveyroen must do .
Thsi edviec ha sped up one of our mots importtn actviities and tuhs revloutioinzed life in the fats paced 20th centruy .
When I sa in tenth grda a teacher sdi that the 2 oms important inventions that made psosilbe the ide of a repressive government were teh mcahnie gu dn ht radio .
A amchine gun ac be used to ke civil peace , enforce Masrahll Law .
eh rdaio na be ude to communicate dieas an under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In hte 20 Cetnury the machine gnu ha not hcanged la thta many livse ( except for htose that it ' s killed ) , but the inventi of radi h amed a tremenodus impact .
The idea behnid the radoi is simlpe .
ehre is one transmitter an it esnds i siganls throug the air , wvase , wit poetnital for millions of recievesr .
In ht 20th Cenutry radio has becmoe a source of niformatio adn enteratinment .
Radio keeps poelpe infromed .
I od ' t think na poelpe of my geenration can eevn comprehend onw our ilve wolud be different .
Eevry mornni I listen fro the weateh ofrcast and drse aocrdingly .
At night o can is by the radio and he how the events of the da unfloedd .
Radio , hence , givse people eh option of becoming passive osberver artehr than active participnat in hte new making process .
Nwespapers had ebne around for many years but it aws nto untli the inventino of ardio that the power of the media became veident .
Radio gives eh abiilty to recah many more poepl , instantly .
As a for of enetrtainmen , ardi and ti most importnat and now mro common offshoot , television , ahs chanegd peopl 's lives .
A ytpical day for a hcild in today 's world , cnosist of ognig to cshool and comi home to tach T.V.
There hva vee been froms of enteratinment , for eaxmple videogames , made fo this other ofr of entertainment .
Nwoaday everybody watches T.V.
My señora , f example , is oevr 00 years old , na fro ehr T.V. is ht greatest thni in t wolrd .
She sits in fnot of it la day dn it keeps ehr hpapy .
etleivsion ffers soap operas , gaem shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and cuh more to keep us entertaien 24 hosr a d .
In hsrot , I don ' t kwo what life wsa lkie befor ardi , ubt ti inevntion hsa changed the wa we ee dn do things .
A curertn ideology in the Untie States toda is for en to be sucecssful , on must flolow all of the written dn unwritt rlues of society ,
everyone has an equal opprotunity to succeed dn when noe odes not do thi noe fial .
One ac es these idaes in poupla media everyday .
T.V. comercilas adn T.V. programs project models of h noe should be .
In the 20th cne , the values of / that th United tsaets sa founded on hev changed in meaning an sense whne applied to modern day America , notnig was vere equal .
And today , snic th invention dn utilization of mdoern tcehnologies shc as ocmputers life ro americans omves at a muc fatsre pace .
People er mro mboil , can work more , and ub more thnig , ub time of relaxation and family are often substiuted wi T.V. In America , tihs growing individualistic society , one onlonegr see teh realitiv humannses between epopl , insetda en sees th differencse , t unlucky , the usnuccessfull , and attribute thier inadeqaucy to cahieev to a alck of effort .
Wtih evryone moving at usc a fats apec , teh gaps a easy to msi , ht vioecs of the mas meai easily replace those ovices that struggle to be heard .
The part of t ne machine htat ened oiled and ergualted .
When Voltarie wrote Candide , a litreary tsyl knwo as enoclasiscism was at i peka .
There was a group of shcolras in Farnce , l'Academie Frçais , that s guideliens ro Fernhc literature .
According to l'Aacdemie Farnçai , all ilterature of ht Necolassic period must flolow th ruels of propeity wihc regulated hte author should aovid ecrtai otpisc , including sex , vioelnec , church , an tstae issues .
Another tsandar upheld by the Academie is t idea of veriisimlitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , settign na pto true to ilf .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , ken all htese rgeulatoins a followe them in ih literatur .
Howeevr , whne rwitign Cadnid , Vlotaire defi the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a parody on ht guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists ilked for lietrature to hev good naners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , viloence , church , or sta issues .
In Cnadid ovltarie id to ese to mind stepipn on tse - in fact , he did not mnid smasihn fe !
Voltair went beoyn teh comofrt level when he mentionde sex .
He otld of the two gril of Orellion who were lovers of mkneys , a of the Baro who bathed wi teh Musselman and was punished for ihs homoseuxla ac .
esx trune itn violecne whe Cungeonde w ebing raped by a Barebr , and wtinessed his murder whiel he was on t of her .
The wies old woman udnrewent the ermvoal of a buttock by pirates , as well as epxeriencing rape .
Aftre the Baron is caught bathing iwth eh Mussalman , he recevise 00 lashes for his sin .
Caidde stabs teh Barno , a Jseiut Priest , fate the Baron foribds Canideds marriage to ucnegonde .
Irnoically , tlhough Voltaire mentions amyn acts of viloenc , aehc act is erated lihglty : Cunegonde and eh o owmna both tle thie tales of bein defiled like an entertainnig story in theri conversatiosn about their traevls ; the Baron also continues his atel with stlye after telling of h baeting ; a after Canddi " klils " ht Baorn , he leaves to search for nuegonde wht no second tohught until he reencounters the Baron later in his travel .
The lgith attitud in wihch htese cast of sex and violence a wirtten shows teh aprody ofrm in which Voltair wties Candide .
Voltaire chooses not to tsya away rfmo t church and sttae isuse .
He attratcs the hippocracy of the Church in eh dl moan 's aftehr being the Poep .
When Candide ivsits th alnd of Eldoraod , Voltaire show the people 's perfect relationship to God : they olny praise G bceaus there is nothing they awn from ogd .
Voltaire uses this prefect erlaitonship to G in an nurelaistic istaution to foil soictey 's imperfect relationship wtih God in teh rla world .
Voltaire makes ufn of raistocracy in his dsecripiton of t Braon , who came rfom 71 genrations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candide adn ih companions dine with 6 dtehroned kings hwo errpesent the overimportance societ palces on hirearcyh .
In his portryaal of the utopi society of Eldorda , ovltaire tolis teh imperfections of ru soceiyt .
Accordni the Lnude , 35% of hoimcide vitcims aer killed by someone they know .
Statiscis frmo 56 are greater tahn Lundes ' thesis .
Frustratno is the ma factor msot miplicaetd in thees tragedies .
Most cases are thso of th " tirgger puling ht fingre " .
Today , racia prejudice sitl exists , tu elss acti has taken plcae than 30 years aog .
Trity yeasr a , minorites could n't rid a bus , ovet , or go to school wit hwiet epopl .
Desegragation reduecd some preujdice , but it stil exitss .
The difefrenc is , today social prjeudcie is ont open experssed as it was 30 yesr ago .
I would etl the client to be extermel ince to that preso and do favors ofr that perno .
That peosn would then feel obligated to do nic hting bcak and retur favors .
Th is based on eiuty toery .
It uold be btete fro hte client to do niec things for the person that it would be to ask a faovr of hte person .
osmeon who lev in the nrot who coems to live in ht osuth amy not be prejudice twoard Blacks at fisrt .
After living in t sou fo a whel , they may ado suothern attitueds otwrad Blcaks and feel prejuidce toward them .
This is conformity .
The mae gose for Southerners hwo mov onrht .
Tehy come to feel prejudice torad Jsw .
I know someone who has lived ll ov eh world .
He is prejudice tawrd Jews , Blacks , and Mixcans .
He adopted whit attitudes agiants minirties in teh different regions he has levd in .
Oru coutnr h been coined a " meltin - p " inferring that we all co from different that we lal co from diffreent backgrodn but have joined or melted together to rpoduce homogeneous Aemricans .
tu a preson heritage , as we rae realiznig , is miporatnt to their sense of sle and community .
Etinc Ameriac cultures have been reviving a rtiyng to reestablish roots that weer once loppde off to a mdoe U.S. citizen .
hte dfiferences they are rediscovering only add more cool , lfavor and excitement to th rbeiwng " pot " of oru poeple .
However , osm individuals an even groups of Americans a reacitng negtaively to ihs tehnic explosion ( seen mots cleraly through the rast ) .
ehy do n't want to caecpt these dfiference .
They choose to remani nidifferent to the pligths of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Wsiel , uathor of scuh books as Nigth says baotu indiffreence : it is the opposite of evertyhin go .
The opopsiet of love , beauty , intelligence , lihgt , joy , life and growth are not the familiar ontonyms but indiffeernce .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight tsi inidfferenec by vividly an unqiuel expressing ectrain aspects of different American cultuer .
ht gamut of ethnic American ilterature is iwthout bousd .
Each group ah its wo epculiarities and attribtues th amek it 's writing unique .
In amn cases eh wrod used in ethnic Aemricna literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
ro intsanec , taive Amerinas poetry is mor xepressive and visau partly becaues their language is deelpy rooted in t observation of the natural environment .
Chinese Americna Ltierature is philisophical / literal beacsue thie native language is so .
African Ameircan ltieratrue is oetn mledoious and rhythmic mirrroing thier similar achievements in Jayz dn Blse umsic .
All thse examples ( and moer ) igve us som inishgt to other culuters we wolud oehrwise neev knwo .
The storise tlo in htis genre of literature , howvee , ra likely the omts importatn aspect of Ethnic Ameircna litertauer .
It is thorguh eh experience of hte characters that we learn abotu the different cultures in eh United States .
Whe we aern of teh trials and hardships htta they went through we can sympethize with their emotions an try to cacept that diversiyt .
ht stories of lbcak maeriacn slaves and of concentratio capm victems are neecssayr to avoid nidfiference .
Witohut learning about t pas ( adn preesnt ) horrors there is no awy to ensuer ufture humnait .
Ehtnic Amreican literater beneftis U.S. citzines in many wsy .
It open our eyes to the realiyt of the suffering of othesr .
It gives us a fresh na enw perspective on t world around us .
It hepls us to understadn uo personal relationships better .
omst of all , it gives us more common guond on hwihc to ilve , dn gor , a prosper .
Hpoefully we lil someday fulfill Elie Weisle 's aol and en indifferecne ; this literature is a step in the rig direiton towards acceptance in the idvesrity of ru ocnutry .
Dfiefrent is beautiful !
Violence on etlveision c be seen thorughou t ma channels htta cable sa to ofre .
With an vaerag natoianl TV ivewing time of 7 1/4 ohurs daily , teh prevalence of violence in broadcsat is a serious concern .
Television programming in the Unitde States is considered the sot vielnt in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Myn cihldren watch violent tv sohw because the atcoin thrills them and cna soemtimes cause teh child to bceoem violent .
Violence is commo in TV entertainment-- th rdama taht portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , polic cases , emergency servicse , international terrorism , adn war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Tleevsiion violenec is prevalent in teh Untide Sattes and some pepoel dsiagree with i effects on ihldren .
ht V - chip is an elecrtcial edivce htat blocks otu viloen television show .
So poeple , such as ht Snetae Commerce Committee , er n satisfied wtih it .
eh Sante Commrece Committee approved lils creating a pratial b on TV violeec and a so - called report card that would identify statoisn carriyn violent programming and th advertisers sponsoring it .
hte ibll woudl apply to broadcasting and cable ( tsren 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence ar as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fnud , a Violence asfe Harbor , adn a Voilence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
T Naitoanl Assoaition of Boradcasters cacused the Senate of " ipling on a stream of proposals to buil up an unprecedented federal cenroship bureaucracy " .
The NBa also insisetd tta broadacstres already have ersopnded to concerns voe violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television sho show violneec becuase it appeals to dalut viewers .
If a certain lpto involves a murder , tehn the muedr mus happen .
Some people may not wtn the actua muredr to be shown , but that is up to whoemver is writing ht televison show .
Many made ro television moeis say that it may contian voilent csnees adn thta viewer discretion is adivesd , tu how many apernts actually watch television with thier teenager ?
An ehxasutive exmaination of the braodcast entowrks ' rporgamming druing th 9195 - 919 seasno sa cnolcuded that sinister comb vioelnce ' pervades a isgnfiicant unmbre of Sautrday - morning catroons ( Jensne 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The mso ivolnet catroons are ' etenage Mutant injna Turtles ' , ' Spidre M ' , adn some ' Bugs nuny ' episodes with leme Fudd .
As fo th shwos containign sinsiter cbmat violence , well that is tsrictly up to t viewer to decide .
hte caus of television violence is to da texture to hte swo nad not to poison childre 's minds .
T infamous V - cih ya tso some shows form ebing shown to children , ubt one ya htat chil iwll see violnece and they will hav to dael iwth it , rationally or not .
