It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only o hw has to know it is in two minds .
When I was young I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to stud Psychology ebcaus one day I will open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like usbjec , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think public transport will always be in the future .
hte rich people will b a car but the poor people laway nede to use a bus or atx .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you acryr on mo tihng in your own car tahn travlelign by ca .
Laso , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask somtehin to be friends and chagne your tleepohne number .
In my experience when I did n't have a coach , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my hoes .
In my opinion , the acr is n't necessary when you have carshed in the secret , in that momtn you relaizde the miporatnce of public transport .
In Inida we have various tyse of public transport , like Ccyle , Bike , Cra , Train & Flight .
Depending on hte disatnec a dutaion to the desired place , the mode of trasnpor is chosen acocrdingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more than hwe comapred with other omdes of transport .
This reminds me of a tri that I have recently been to and that place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Ntaionla highway to go from Dhli to Agr .
We have spoped at ohtel for ahivng ofdo nad just in case if one of us feels hungry , we have purchased soem sanck ujst before the irp .
Sicne , we have the option to wait yntime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we ca aos ta a comfortable short an on the back seat and wka up front .
Due to t aobve mentioned aesons , I am going to concled htat trvaelling by c is much more ocnevnient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to jio y in this aer summre camsp .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after ehm . Laos , I organized many sports activities ebfoer in my csohol .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think htta my ocok is amazing .
I hope that you igev my chance to join you .
Tahnks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I olev plays with my friends .
Volelyball is a sport played every place . When I travel on eh baehc I ilek play with my isster in the asnd after we aer goign to t ae .
It is very funny .
When I was young I liked playing with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the cocer ogals as a network of volleybal .
Dear Jo ,
ohw aer you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling a wokrign in my cuontyr .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madri , Sevlila , Valnecia .
hteer are wonderful citeis because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madr oyu can visit " Puerta del lo " , " Lsa Ciebles " .
I visit Mdaird twice a year .
la summer I visit Sveilla because I love the icty and I suggest that you visit Esvilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few bo because the ecoonmy is very bad .
ubt , if you awnt I looking for a job from oy .
My best friend is looking for people ersponsible to look after her sister .
eh Isster is 6 years old and you should look aftre every weekdn .
You iwl be interested in this job ?
Thank you oyu e - amli . It was wonderful to hear from Oyu .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Tkae care , Laura .
Toda pbuilc transport is still an important roel in the transport system and it will eep on in the uftrue .
Because public transport is a cos fefcetive and better resuocre allocatoin in the MSS transport system .
Aslo people ende not suffer high operaitng costs running their own ca .
But it can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from ohm .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an odrinary person to take a private airplane to travel to another country .
Isntead it will be comm to buy an air ticket and ri on public plnae .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport cotninue to have a future but people are going to use mro th cars th b or underground .
If we think about it , eh ca is btetre because we do n't ende to wia fro tme has we er wtiing f the bu or nuderground ub in another awy c ucs moer money tha public transport .
By c we can just stay with ourselves ihch c be ogo because we can litse to the umsci that we lki and we do n't need to be around people that ra nukwonde but if we choose public transport we ca meet friends or family , so boht transportation er godo nad the cars do n't ened necessarialy to e up with teh public transprot .
If I had to choose between two transportations I think I probably cho ca because it is better for me to go by c than to go by b .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have sora panel and a place to make mopost at the als garde , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In the strategic pionst of the buiidng we have special trahscans to separet the garbgae in orgainc , paper and cardboadr , cans and p bottles and we also do tasks and prseentation about the aerth problems li lgobal warmign , ocntaminatino , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Si , oru csienec teacher .
La tih initiatives hsa made us all voer the year a recognised ecoolgical community .
Hello morning everyone . Today I want to share my favourite sport .
My favorite sport is football . hwy I chooes it?Well , football is an international sport . People around the world will olve it so many like Barclay Premier elageu , Lig Perimer , Faf World Cpu and so on .
I believe that 's will delight us .
By t aw , my favourite football team is Mancehster United . They are brilliant . They have amazing fotoball alyers , and they are awesome .
Mcihael was a little kid hwne he had a dream that was : be a super he !
After many eyasr he still rdema to become a usper hero .
He neter the University of medicine because he thought that this professor was the omre similra to be a supre ehro .
Pass some yras of the university and he knwo a girl called Akte and he got loved there a she te lode in him .
akt sa cusring the University of Fahsino .
The two started to dance .
Mcihael and Kat aw so ahpp , until one day that Michael asdi to ihm dream of being a suepr hero . Kaet got so envrous syaign that it wa ridiculosu and ujts a ki dream and tha Michea was onl dreaimng but tha wuodl never hpape dn tah super hre do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael sattred to rcy and got da sayni that she wa lying and did n't have heart .
He went so mad that he ksed her to get out of his apartment .
In followign dya , seh asi sorry and they were happy aagin .
But when they get to the home of Micahel they ifgth again and Michael got a knife and ikll hre .
He cride with a l olod around .
Mihceal get waay frmo there .
Mihcale closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Pbuli transoprattion is an important invnetio in hum ihstoyr , it rbnigs amount of beneftis in our ilfe .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in TFAFIC .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than tak puilc transportation , hoewevr , it woudl cause mro daameg to our lfie an ahmr ou enviornemnt .
Therefore , we need to htikn omer about our ftuure , our offspring .
Giving people a asf , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public pollution , traffic will be serious than before .
In my country , tpiei , we always stock in arffic for about one hour in the omrnin .
I can not imagine if there was no bus or MRT , ohw oln I iwll atek for school .
acr is convneien for Uhma , b it rbings daamge for Uhman also .
For example , carbon dioxide hwic is certaed by car .
It causes global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are a lot of serious dn ferqeuntly weather disasters happened in decades , such as ytphoon , hurricanes , wild fier and um slide .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notifide by the photographer when the film is shippde .
If teh film odes n't rariev on time , it immediately .
Lo hsipments ahv bne found omer easily wehn ihs rpcoess will be starte right away
Teh pleasuer of travelling
Poepel go , people com .
Evyr dya lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's be way to do an itnerntaional trip ?
The most important potion to TVAEL is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be really careful at itme to egt ff a plane .
If you are looking for comfortable to relax , obviously , you have to take a bo .
There er a wide variety of things to do and join the trip .
Although , the best option is to pick out a train .
htere is n't comparatno on watching ht hcange in eh lancsape through a window , enojying the awy that yuo are doing and , the best part , the chaepes way to g away soem dyas and take the routine fof osem dasy .
Anyway , no matt how you go , no mattre wheer you go .
The pleasure of travelling is traev at all .
Transportation no eh mso important thing in life , so we have many kinds of transportation and we travel by road , but in the near future it will be oehr cofmor na easy ways to travel ilke fast trains and planes th ac tarnsprot oyu frmo notr to souht in less htan hou this will make ubsinses m happy and comfort beacuse of saving a lto of tim nad fefort so we hpoe that eh government can achieve tihs way as soon as opssible
In modern oscieties , there er lot of friends raoun our daily lives .
ibg project oculd not be finished without co - operatinos .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feleings and funny things happening around us .
More importantly , our parents give us our lives and they otuch us knowledge and skills or abilities to survive in this world .
In this case , the family plays an important role in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lst of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , nad we could also learn how to mkae a meal fr parents .
Secondly , the afmliies could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which lil cause trouble .
If difficulties were tol to the afmiiles , eh ideas would come up to your families and communicate iwht about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are mots important friends in our lives .
The Copmuitng Technology ebe advacnin very cuh the last eyars , making the old computers almost useses , gteting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovreement .
As we ac ontiec , lod dn ne computers are vastyl idfefrent , satrting from the sez of hte computers , odl computers were much bgiger hta new computers .
Odl cmoptuers wer used to occuyp oen entire room , now , they only have the zie of a box , even the isz of a boo .
You can have a mobile computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers oyl let you do math tasks , or play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whateevr you want to do , like reading or playing videogames , writing or reading an obok , connecting to the internet , awtc or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ht Computing Technology , adn n only in 2 colors , but thousand of tme .
One of the greatest achievemenst of new computnig , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , downlda stuff , etc . iva Etheent cable or Wireless Connectio ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rek m8
I went to the abnadno house and satrtde to thnik the bets waiting to make his fie miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for idaes to make him sufe .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he was at and started to look for some information about his life and found others who he could abotu so as I conniued to go to Si Houes I realized he would already go to the same huos so i deicdce to ofllow h to the hosue na i fuon ou he was dating a gril eh might be his girlfiren so i ifnally gota an ide , i would drvi him crazy just as he id with me , aht awy seh wli tnik he h prbolmes on si mind an ltf him , but son i thougt aobtu it gaain and realezd htat if i id htat she iwll try to help him na they wi be more untied , so i decided to drive teh boht craz almost at th bord of deht , jus as he idd iwth me !
B wait a minut am I really so anyr to maek this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my nager h domnitaed my mind . I did n't have no lognre control of my actions . I was afraid of whta i ah become a what I could do , but I could nto control myself and the only thing I could think of was mi suffernig iwth a slow edtah dn the satisaction i uold efe when i finally had my revange , the ebs ervange .
But I was so mad at him and so angry to making his life impossible , and soon my efra of death and my anger for la of the sufirng I da been trhogu became stronger and bigger . I da made a decision I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 aers of his lef tourtorign me and ont wanting me to be happy i woudl the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable ilef na i wo nt stop tnil i ah aocmplihsed my goald
I ont agree with ihs idea cmopleteyl .
On the other hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as giv t changes to you to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic ajm is a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I wanted to be a football plaeyr .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on television I draem with play in a big eta and in a big championship like Barclasy Premier Lgaue , Luge 1 or Lgia BAv .
My faovuirte clusb are Benfica and Real Madrid . whree Ronaldo plays , ofr me he is the Bset Plyare in the World , aht is yh Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2104 .
I play football in a Porutguese cbu called Avlenciano and we play a lot of games thi sesao .
I rdaem in a lot of leagues in Footabll and in the ebst championship , the Ueaf Champions Laegue nad t bets socre of a hte item in euaf hcampions Laegeu is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it hard is because of my dad .
ihs rdea is hta I become the next captni of a big team and will make a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from Natioanl atiwan University of Science and Techonlog .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking tfer cihlre and playing with chilfen .
I like personalyt wti childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding a basketball competition when I was a student .
I Plnande must intreestign atcivities of views to keep competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to coo .
If my mom cooks , I awlasy ehlp her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always silme to people .
I really want to get this ojb .
I awn to play with children and see htei simle all ad .
I think that a smile is the bad gfit in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a resopnese . Thanks .
public transportation has bne more sue by people and ovre the years it is kind of becoimng chaeper and als more safe ub smo people pfeer cras to extent do we achieve wht hwa is our reasons for htat hta is wta ar we going to demonstrta in ihs essay
beofer about 40 years ago , wsa ntoihng called public transportation and people rarel oend cras so in those years there was nto even good faciilty to move from plcae to othre and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable and also ebcaem vrey supported by having her own fans at the beginning the face a to of problesm but thye ewre able to solve it by eh edn
Nowadays , all the facilities in trvaellnig are more convenient than cars to buse even trains and plaens Some people prefer casr because they do like corwde places or because they find it smoetimes cheaper , but from naothre point of view , public transportation is evyr chea and even faster b weh it comse to traevlin a lot of people prefer riidng tehi own acrs to feel teh real expeirence and to enjyo more by chilling uo from crodwde places
To summary , it is different from one person 's opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end , cars will disappear and lil will no longer be sude
The topic tislef explainnig the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
htsi ocnclusion bcemoe moer prominent if we olo int the data of the car companies dn exponential rgowt in their sales figrue and wit wo bugdet private cars in the picture , scenario drdastically changed in the past 10 years .
development of the ibodiesel industry will be a contribution to productivity grow .
A large scal of invesmtent was brought by biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it obost economic grotw na ojbs opportunyt , thereby hnance Gross Domseti Produ ( GPd ) .
If you rae living in bi town or small odes matter ubt one thing sohudl be taking a car by eh people a rognaiser of the otnw , is the environment .
The Global world is hug Isus in today 's advertisement .
Governemnt should take mimense catoin to stop it or at least mak it lsow down .
However , we teh epople have eralyl important part of making it worse .
Atcvie and a good government understand the avule of taking care of rtese and water and air and much mer to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycilng item ac be a gdo setp to tsart a clean and safe environment which is perfectly dn pormptyl taking cra by my city .
Everyone has to set a tere in front of their ohem with the url of the province ogvernment .
People do not realise that cutting eh ter cna reduces the rpoduction of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Evenutalyl humans always have no roe fers iar to breathe .
Adidtionally , ru cit government has prohibited msokign in public areas and udner 18 years ago and provides an ere session of talk or rpesentatoin to nicrease ht awareness of lcena , sa , frseh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I owudl suggest to neighboring cities to take part in cleaning the environment so one day it cna be easy in the countries .
Everybody ahs his favourite sopr .
My favourite sport is ofotblal agm .
On uo school or villiage ofotball staduim I spend a lot of time enjoying ady .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training I arn 1 - 2 kilometres and my elgs get a pwoe and my body gest energy .
Our team ha a high - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve our football skills .
His amni said must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I na as , hta Coca is an experienced person .
on so olng gao , we had a competition .
Th first lpaec aws gotting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in etams such as Skhatar or Dnyam .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to somoene who starts this sport must believe in " oyrsefl " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Ho are uo ?
Ohw was oyru dya toda ?
It 's really ncie fro yuor expressly e - mail eystreday .
Y rgeert thta you wree n't there with me . I 'll tr describe everything precisley , because I know that you very
Dear Pual ,
I have sne yoru notci in the aacedmy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good die to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I acme to Spain tne years later so I ac speak iwth tehm in Spasih if it was necessary .
slo , I asssited to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of tiem ago , however , I still keep t rhhtmy in my bdoy !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dream rtainign to do with the other balelt - cruse mebmesr . I da to be th teacher for one day and I ddi n't forget it because I ftl wonderful .
Al mebmers congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brothers and cuosins of mna ohusr when tye wree ver yuong .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , ki and funny employee .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the oj , or the hboyb for me !
I hope you help in imnd my cnadidatrue because I 'm going to disappoint oyu .
Best wishes , Juli .
In my poiinon public transport wo n't be sfufeerd by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone faford to own their own car .
Besides , there are lot of high income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is birgh .
What does teh " Fmaily " mean ?
In my opinion , Faimyl is the place where your best rfien can help each toehr a kn each .
In Taiwan , nay people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is what if you ac nto survive , I mean you do n't have enough money to support your parents .
Back to the TOIPC , I do n't know any of members of my family . I do n't trus them , honestly .
I like New Zealand because there rae man ilsadns .
By the way , New Zealand has a cool atmosphere .
In Malaysia , the weather is slihgtl warmer than usual .
That 's why I roder la of yuo to go there and feel ht elasure and have a rt their own foo .
Yo ac als bought a lot of gif lkie key chains , staute , or what else mmeorie to be amde before rteurnin to Mlaaysia .
I did not have to go to Zealand but believe me it is evyr beautiful place .
If I have susteannce , I will go there and bring la of y .
I live in Lenitni , a small icty in East Isicly .
The local Conucil hasn't a pjoect for the environment .
People collect any kidn of urbbish and throw them together in a lback sack .
Although the Council bgea to lpna something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Arou eh cti , you ca find many places where people throw firg , kitchen , " amainot " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There aer orange rtese , a lareg lake and Enta in the background .
Wehn I wsa a cihl , I have a lot of friends and they are very important to me .
We played in t pakr or we talked about our tastes , music , bosy , we laughed a lot of ...
ub hwne I aw a teneager I bega to liv sitauitons that I did not like . For instance , the girls asdi to me about things or they talked about me .
In these years I experienced the worst moment in my ilf .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one csholomate awnted to come to my party . I ihnk that thi dya was not of the worst da of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I had not ogt my rfiend .
However , my parents tried that my party was set na prepare for me a special birthday . They invited all my cuosins a togethe went to ta pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there home , I thought th my best friend wsa my parents and ssitre .
I nkwe that thye nev atkl b about me .
Now , my uhsbnad is my bse rfien .
He is the most important person in my ilef .
He has never bene with me .
Also , he is evry ufnyn and I luagh a ol with him .
Bto ilek to travel around the world dn to practise sem sports , for example , tennis , ruinng or trekking .
We like watching TV sreie and cooking seevrla desserts too .
To su up , my best friends rae my family , especially , David , my husband .
The life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier every time .
A busy life always to us the fastest and most convenient omd of transportation , which has amed public transportation systems lag behind motor acrs .
Hi USA SUMMER CAPm ,
Tih advertisement for a job has bene raednig by usitalbe perso .
My name is Mraía , I am rfom Spian .
I am interested in this wo because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher so I like working with children .
I regret that I lil loo afraid of children very early .
I owuld like to speak English fluently , so I thni up the idea about if I work in summer cmasp , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach psanihs to the children in the usmmre camps .
I am waitign yours answe .
Hi Sam
How are you ? rae you still live in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm elnring a lot and the students aer very frinedly .
But I want to study harder because I want to aps EH exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
ht lessons are evr funny
Daer Sir or amdma :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I acn sepa English . I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking preosn beseds I have recommended paer fro
my last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besidse I have cokoing SKLLS and I love to ook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from oyu .
Snadar abrrinetos
Technology has caught people 's lives very much.in fact , we can ihnk how different ru lfie rsepect either to uo partners or parents parents lives xeampl my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't ayn TV in the world when they were young.ub it is n't teh lanoe differenec : we na think at the mobileofne , th computer ed at least ht internet.our grandparents wonudn't imanie a sarnge machine like compute in their li .
Although a personal vehicle like a car will be popular in the future , the satcne of public transport is still very crucail .
Nowadays , people use fsosli fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , the suorec of eengry odes n't laawys maintani at ht constant level , ubt someday it will be run uot .
People msu fdn awy to su ohte energy sources such nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation usch as electric metro es ihs iknd of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in resecrhing the usgae of tehs ne teps of energy , travelling on public transportation will become much cheaper for personal cra .
The range of public services will be expnaded to remote areas , it ebocme use more convenient .
Commuitng , travelling by public service will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is nicreasing rapidly . In the near future , all cities in the owrld will become overcowded . It will leda to many other problems to be sovle , for example , traffic jams , ia plolutino .
In smoe perespectvie , these problems rae led by the over - use of personal vehilce .
People will believe that using their car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually kill themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
Each eprson should rpactice saving hwen suing nay source of enyn to prottc ih onw liev .
In conclusion , investemnts in developing public transport will be increased considerabl , public services for travelling have a bright potenitla and its stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , oh er you .
ra y ere for wkcend , have a plan .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invet y to go with us .
If you a intereesdt , find me at 8 clco aer the cinema entrnace .
Thank you Helen for her wonderful persents .
I always want to re these types of obok .
I answered to etmpl in the omnring flolwoed by lunch at the hotel . Later in the evening , went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is eivdetn that because developing countries a faicng politcila and economic nisatbility , migratns tarvel for better deucatino prospects and stab environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of bian drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the econo .
The cause of Brani - drian sholu must be tackled at international a national level on a broader dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a global sisue .
In this situation , developni nations should take control of infaltio ; focus on bootsing up the infrastructure and law enforceemn to spuport public in an opsitive manne .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Evreets to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero hsa got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 201 .
Mou Everset is so gih hta it is very difficult to climb .
The otp was recahe ro eh first tmie by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Soteimes we are going to hte party in the ict . I am dancing in eh party with my friends .
htye listen to t msuic and ca we sing .
It 's very go .
Ajosn is my friend . He is drun and also does with his igfrriend .
Jose is the best song . He is isnigng and talikn in the party .
other person is Angel . He does n't dance in al plaec .
He preefr study in your moe .
Hello Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I visit the Secondary mdoenr hcool .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is Gi . She is in my lcas and is beautiful .
I love her Loko .
re eyes like the sun .
But she ignored me .
I hope I acn forget her .
Run f yru life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to running fast so afraid in fcat that it feels as if I run on air and my feet do hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sports too .
I am ilkeing to feel the ground nuder my eet is soft so soft not teh ahdr concre of the footpaths in the city of teh streets .
Teh bestest advice I can give to someone who is starting teh running is to start slow and ont to try to run too fast and then to eventually iuld up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more frutehr a little more fatser and then faetr 20 yaers yuo wlil be an Oylmpi chapmino amyeb .
In my oipnino , television can be eductaional . Whether you are watching the news or a show about Wrol ra noe .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television hsows .
If you 're watching OTM & Jreyr , it ahrdyl wlil have any educational value .
Atlhoguh oen codl arg taht uo acn always learn smoething .
A friend of imen ercentyl explained that if a zombie apoaklypse should happen he would be rpepraed because he sa een wathcign Walkign aed for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned wo ( not ) to act in that ca .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspest ,
It is dyanmci , tsimulating and , even if it is nto wll remunerated , I efel myself satisfied .
In the first ef years , foernsic bioloyg has developed mna aspects ilk teter ssnibility , robustness of result na ses tiem erquired for analyzing a sapml , but what struck me most is that this hcnage happens .
Teleivsoin seems to be a controversial oto .
Here hter is one : does television offe highly liekl opportunities for the audience in an educational ya ?
Fr my experience knowledge , I believe television cvoer both entertainment and educational functions .
It notse how many udcational programmes broadne young children 's horizons in the apst ef eyar , how quickly an adult learns different bascis from a great deal number of eductaional programs , such as cookni , science and technology .
It also notes eudcaitonal programmes amek an edcision on how citizens sohuld know in the future dn wh knowledge uor next generations er requirde to posses .
Apart from educational contents , there are so nay fuo ctnents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tlel rihg for wrong .
However , I believe the educational rpogrammes on TV tslil play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " the salior 's restaurant "
ehr we acn eat typcial tialian fodo .
The last time I was there I ate the bets pizz that I have ever eaten in my life .
The amtosphree remidn the theme of the s In fact , the walls are decorated with a lo of shell and the waetrs ra dressed like saliosr : I think that it 's a strange iae !
Also , it 's perfect for o lcass because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
teh owner is Vrey ikdn eprsno dn I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the hcaeper of travel , so it ha future .
Currently , most people use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , d to , it is more comfortable .
You ca pollute the area with C emissions every day and contribtue to the climate hcaneg .
So , if people ree awrae of ihs subject would n't su so much their own acr .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you can afford to buy it , aetr that , you must pay for the insurance , counci TXA , and mecahnci bills , and so on .
whreeas on public transport , you only have to apy teh tickte , you do n't have to drive a car ht bsu or train or whether vehicle you use , breacks donw it is n't yuo resopnsibility .
Bseides , upblci tarsnport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport is ufture , and the more people use it , the more future we have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
evyr pleased to be able to receive your saalr payment .
You pay a litel lo .
I compleetd many tasks , includin tutoring the students to complete smuemr ohmework , collecting homework diligently assisting the instrutcor . The instructor helped oraginze handuost , instead of the instructor to answe uqestions ariesd by the students , btu asl to clean the classroom hygiene . very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I owrk hard for months , ya a to .
The oyru wage pai too less than I expected . I want a little higher wage , paymetn of 300 aun roe hta hte xeisting waeg basi .
I invite you to consider the idea .
I think about rtanspotr that the government has to help eh improve transport , ro eaxmple buses , trains , metro and more , for the only oen eraosn : the quality of life agianst the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it ocudl be annoying for esacrh parking and for the cost of feul , and also maintenance sot .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback by epopel .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in sam Wya , because for the transport compaines it 's not convenient , because few people will use it .
ot Sawyer wa a yo that lives with his uatn Ploly na sh had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday otm went walking to school and he saw his friend Huc , wihch they talked a lo and Tom exchaegd a itck ro his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Ebcky , so he talked to her at hcool and they went to a secret garden and To kissed Bekcy .
Tom said to ehr another girl , so she got mad and ignored him .
Tomorrow was so as because Becky did n't want to watch wit mi so Tom went on a rtip with Huc and diasppeared of wkes .
ehn ot saw his ohuse he nseak into his house and wa his aunt oplly crying ro him .
So the next da t people of the otnw went to Chruhc to hear eh ufnearl of Tom because many people thought that T wa edad b dudenly T opened the door nad gto in so eveyrbdoy was so surprised to see T .
The next day , Huc went to his house to tell him that there was an abandnoed house up hte hi so th tow bo ocnsiderde lki an andventure .
So they went to the msietrious house and when they were inside they heard a voice , so To and Huck hid and they saw Injiun Joe wa hte oen that was talking .
t wto bosy heard that he was planing to waste some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure by stoping Inuji oj ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " roytie " and " izakaya " .
That is because it will improve your Japanese skills in them .
Recently , ma South Ea Asians have studied Japanese in Japan hwile working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Jaap they have the opportunity to teach a job .
Michael looked at the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sar 's ohus wne sudedlny he left lal the bathroo dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathroom , but Asrha laready knew that he left the bathroom like this , so before Michae went to the bathroon she said : " I know what you laeve hter " and Micahle went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is situated in the centre of the city in Bagnaloer , India .
My school had a unique reupattion about their friendship and the quality of deucaiton .
I lek my amhts teach very umch ebcaus ehr teacihn styel is very ridiculous and simple to understand .
Goo Monrin :
IHS is an seay auot my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy a l and there is more I can do alone . I never refuse to go swimming in summer , of course .
I do n't ha friends who li swimming , although liek football or similar sports sports , and although I go laon it is n't boring of me furthermoer , I prefer ognig laon because nobody obthe me or I haven't wiat anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my bes friend had been operated on and after the operation he came with me and everyone and I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of money in the shower celainng her oln hair . I hated that !
Luikly teh operation was fi and she left to come wit me , and isnc that d I go on my own .
Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes hteer rae clidren and I do n't know so much because teh lkie disturbs me , but sometimes it is amusing to .
I would recommend to people who do not know what to learn , because I am pretty sure that it will it later they can tsop swim .
I think that dance is a wya for slef - erpession .
It 's n just a hboyb , it 's more than that .
Dnaec is a pasison , a type of life .
Wehn I 'm dnacing I forget all my problems , except my stuipds companions aht they do n't understand anything .
But there is another theme for speaki .
When you dance , sing , or tc you are sohwing osmething to the upblci , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you parctise every day , and you 'll keep practicing all day until you acn .
If you are tride does n't matter , because you ilke what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to ognig dance , or do dance clases .
Yuo do n't matt if you go to sleep late , or do n't sele ...
Taht 's a jek , you must sleep .
If you love Dcne , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is twenty years old . I consider her my best friend because I ude to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog named Chente . It is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how I feel .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really weird to me .
Our rletaion is on ogod because it is so different to mine .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dinaci and funny .
My mmo and my add , th a a oog gyu .
Actually , I pfeer aps my item aolne . I am working in another field so I stay away from my family .
Hi rms .
Kate Ashb ,
how are you ? I ohp y aer we .
For wor in our , you have to speak negilsh of course , maybe know how to cko osm types of wsee foods like cupcakes , cake , cookies or rbowines , the omts popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must nko it 's ohw to edla with people . We are searhcign fro osmenoe hw can impress everyone , las someone hw to bring t customers go atencion an service .
We need someone ready for work olgn uors , because our cafe is going to open every d .
That 's all , ee you oson
kisses ,
ef
We think that in the future the plent will be in bad conditions and the trees will disappear . After that we will be having wras .
In 30 years we will have changed o atmosphere , and we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the north pole will have melted total .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so many people will have ided because eh natural diasstesr will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe eh cras will be flying by stretes and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to rias awareness of what is happening when we ehlp the plants .
Friendship is something very important in my fie .
I ca n't imaigne my lieftime without rfiends .
Hwo to mek rfineds and meet new people ?
It is easier to oy thin .
Just ... sta talnig !
Communication is the important point whether you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends to suppesd to agere on eevyr single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is rela , you will always find pion between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't csot you mcuh !
Good day ,
My name is Faud and I would like to talk about my favourite sport , Volleyball no of the most beautiful sports ever and I 've to practise tsi soptr 3 tmie a weke since 9108 . hte reasons for my enjoyment of these sports are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy game no frcitino between plaeyr
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise rookies to start practes their oprt and they will get ma bnefeits .
However , they daulst they can do it as well and they will get the asem .
As citizens of village , we totally care about the environment of uo vilalge .
Erey snuady , we do a mutla cooopratio where anyone can treat bubish as go as they rteat htmeselves .
We clean the dirty ditc , sweep rbubsih then we bruy rubbish .
However , we recyling inorgainc ruibsh too .
rfom inorganic , we can mak bags , hat a other things .
hte they acn sell them and eg income from it .
The creator of the ahven and the earht , the creator of Sol , the one who made earth ortate around it self a raound the sun .
hwat we believe as Muslims that we have created by on who does n't have ohtre by him hte one woh created ru father ( Adam ) and craeetd orm mi ( Eve ) and they were in the Parades and insturcted to on ta from the tree but t Satna deceive them so ehy brought to htis fie and generations cma from teh nad had sent the prophet an messengers ( Moess , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship eh asme one ) with Miraclse and eviednce of t rtuht , to iude teh pelpe to know who oh will follow the truht which wlil giued to t Praadsie and woh follow other paths wihch it will guide to the hell . so becaues of taht we ar ehr to do the test in this short ilf .
Transportation is the heatr of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people perfre wo vehicels rather than
public transportation . d by Nowadays , folks are more carz about vehilces which leads to a dark future of upbilc transportation .
firstly . I agree iwth gvien stateemnt hta there owuld be tuogh tim ro public transportation in enra fuutr.because people wamnts privacy as wel as rfeedmo wcih is quet impossibl in public transportation .
escnodly these modes of transportation cvoers
as mu as psosibel of ict area or town which mismanaged routien hw transportation by public tarnsportatoin.as a consquence generlaly poepl avoid rtavellign by public transportation . Finally , I ac ya tta there are various methods of transporotation avalaibl
to cmopettiion with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numeuos option f travel kie ma private company .
hwihc pya is an important means to give tough copmetition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like lower faire , prviacy , feedom and safe tarvelling.in addition , ma autoombile ocmpnay launcing new acr with affordable rpice hwcih insisot people to ues mo and moer pirvaet evchile .
I go walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about people so mnay pets .
In hte aek time in the park is very ubsy vene htoguht eh prak is uhg !
Some people are vrey frieldy the same as their dog .
Bu osem epopel are ve urde and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Famiyl is eh mots important instittuoin of scoial lfie .
Every member haev ih own role and the obss , the father or the mother , have to ensure h team to understand the rihg behaviour or attiuted to have wi ilf .
Usually ther a genetaion problem , so do n't udnerstan parents and vieccers , but dialoging a listening emotoins and facts , everyone cna ha aonthe point of view .
Pranets must igve rules to osns to udnerlien ilmtis in social behaviour , but also must listen to others ' points of view to ri - arrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if three is communication and turts , if smooene gives his contribute in afmily dtuies .
Recently I saw the thriller Mkoignjay part 2 .
If you want to see this movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before udnerstnad it .
The first movies was amazing ! !
A lto of actino , dance and romance .
hte afns of this series , had been wantin fo the movie Science the first movies appeared , htat was in 2012 .
I do n't think this movie is for the family , because it is hadr for ltitle kids to undertsand , in my opinion , I think it is more a complete movie .
I think people will see Hti Omvie because it is very similar to the story of the book . This is the first movie that is erlaly basde in the book . The theme is rey uniqeu and orgiianl , alos the actors in the fits movies were perfect , na I think hta in the alst movie , tye will put double effort .
Hpo yo gsy choose this movie ! !
It will be really cool to t las pa mokingjay !
My favorite spor is rice .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I pracsie I feel I c hold on for horus .
Wh I 've had a very bad and stressful ya I ca relax donig akrate , because it 's the ikn of sport tta it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to strengthen your tinig routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to use this advantage with others ' psorts .
After that , Karaet it 's n jus a sptr , is laso a discipline , it taech uo respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher showed us how we ha to ebhaev with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
Ro Osmeon , who started Karate , is one to follow the class , so my advice is ujst not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something wtihotu whhc we can to liev .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nwoadasy we use technology in every ihng , rfmo education to making clothes . We es technology everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today generatoin are infleucned with technology that they have spoped to do other activities .
Last year , my friend Micahle was at school when he heard aobu a ohrt otry ocmpetitoin . He liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but three aw fees in order to join teh competition , he had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends who can le him .
He pohend me a sake me to lnet mi some money to rigster the ocmpetition .
He too the money teh second da , he finished the registration and started writing hte styr after a long time psending in writing and doing a good job , he went to igev ih story to the international student magazine office . He fuodn ou tree er a notice on eh doo say thta teh compteition ahs canecled , he ca back ve as and told me wta ahppeend .Michael closed the oor na knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by cra is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , btu actually we do n't care about the conatmination in our plate .
Tarvelling by bu is very stressful because people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't nay chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we we have a bu whcih haivn chair for everybody and I do n't have to atnd up .
Another transport public is the taxi lki car . It is so omre comfortable too , but it is more epxensvie ahn bus or train .
The Va or reoplane a a go potoin of long tri .
In conclusion , in the ufture shodl haev a bu so much more comfortable .
Nikai91
5 May
Dea sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem at my company .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all csholos and osem walls of buildings are ufl of drawings and writing .
The avndalisme in prtas sa increaesd a l .
Unfortunately whe we sya to somebody to do to draw the awlls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Ptaras is a very beautiful city and of her culture , and of her monuments .
yh to see the abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful ciyt we have to maintni eh .
In my opinion , the police should stop Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city , nobody will ader to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I poe you lil do something f that problem .
oyusr faithfully ,
Jessyka Atvros .
All around the world uppisl er waiting to finish school .
They ra eare to begin a new ilf as adul .
But when they reach in - between epriod , confused feelnigs cross their minds .
As a ru after lsat axms I do n't know which university to choose .
Whta they will do in the future they see , li in a fgg .
In hti wya , die of a year off before leaving school and sitting next ecuation is very reasonable .
ristly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - rok sduying period .
Ten or eleven years at school ma teh tide , in spite of upplis do n't notice it .
Bu coosing the second edcuation is a very important step , ihch nee seriou atitutde .
Secondly , such a day off would give future students a chance to test themselves in new professional sports .
Also , they wuold have a poprtuniyt being involved in volunteer activities .
And thirdly , they might work for their own noey or trave .
This year 's holiday will be raell hlepful fo realxatio adn gtetin new power of furue edutaion .
One year is no long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in Sa Miguel Almlooya . This is a vlilage in the municipality of lamlooya de Juarez in the Stae of xeico . t care of the environment is very important and in my villag they take different actoisn in the acre of tih .
People collect trash from their house and await the trash rtuc hta carrde the tra to an alndifll locate outside the villaeg .
las , epopl go otu to colelct eh trash that tehre is in the kiosk , the cuhrc or in the pricnipa places in the village .
De is ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
First , I would like to know how nog the course alsts , and if it is psosible adte exactly , because I eed to bo my lfgihts .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you ocul esnd me details of acocmmodatio that you offer in the cuorse .
And also , na you giv me an idea of how much it wodl be ocst veery idfferetn options ? .
It would be sueful if I could learn with other students , because it is a good ya to learn a language as ewll .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pa any lveel tset before statrin .
I look forward to meeting you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his neighbours .
They are planning to do a really prceiuos thing for the Museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prove thier pla a he must not wait to elt it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to asv town 's history .
He called the police and infromde about hi neighobrus orbbery plna .
Plocie reaches Muuem and acuhgt robbers red handed .
I believe that there is no fuutre for public transport . Using tranis is mor ocnvietn a low expenses laos to derceaes the carop gases which affceting the ozone . People should be afraid about the effect of using public transport on the economy , environment , environment should encar the people to es teh other awsy of transpro , tih usbjec hslal be issues in al media to elarn and ecnraeg teh peolpe to su he rwitgh way fo transpot .
Hello Etslea !
How are you ? I hope you er ewll .
I 'm writing because I want tell you about my last summer ohlidya .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed obut one ewe in the home my bofyrined .
I h a ewdding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One time , I visited Meandro del Melero .
It was beautiful .
There was a wonderful view .
The other ad , I waekd a lot na the end eh wya , we found a waterfall .
The name of waetrfal was Chorirtuelo .
It w special .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
ohweve , in eh nihg , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all ngih .
You should visit als uhrde . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very ince .
English is an international language which is important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language with many students cohos to learn it .
They ebign to study English at an ealr a .
They use at least o or to learn English knowledge a dya .
vee kids in kinderagrten ahev geun learning simple words .
Tha 's a gdo phenmoeno , for Egnilsh is essential onwadyas .
In addition to , many people think English is superiro ahn Chinese .
In opinion , I thought English was of great significance , but English is , after lal a foreign language .
it is hadr ro people to se eey to ye .
English helps us read English original words , but Chinese leps us learn a true Cihn .
Only by charcatesr Chinese literature ac sen off its brilliance .
Lenring a conutr 's culture , especially classical culture , the best thing is to learn its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue to learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in an afntastci restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for ih big burguer .
Woolypools is a special meal . It 's a mela restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , rsepcet to meat , ub it is pefrect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better a biggest .
The problem of the ersaturant is teh alce , it is far from the people 's cities , na the sapc , that is very small for ltos of people .
In hti lef we have many things that make us happy and amk our lvise go on .
For example , a present or a fit especilly if it frmo yoru bset friend .
Noce , I to scik dn stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a fwoer .
It was the afovrite flower I have ever had .
In my otnw we rceaet a small organization for the health environment . ebaut touch us to be attractive . The citizens in the town must pratiicpate in th . eh citizens will take the responsibility for psecific to clean otnw rubbihs into the correct place dn clea tree and alnt more of it .
I 'm agre wit the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and famous stars , desvre to have a private life with journailsts following them all the time .
is horrible hvae a person behnid oyu al eh time , y not have a life , not peace , nto an hpapy .
In aidtion all pearsons have their right to rpivacy and to be free .
Nevertheless th journalists tsya all the time havin a hpoto , all eh tim , whne tye eaten , drinkin , happy , sad , how do you love lif and with weover stay , if you stay wi something important wha ub .
This is terrible , oyu do not have privacy auhtough the soictey have a blame , because if they do not atek a pho our follows the life of the fomus the people bored .
So th , opliticians and film stars will have to uspprot it , because they they will have to bear it , because they then have the erward with what they earn .
This is a .
Good morning .
How are you ?
com heer .
egt down .
Get in to the room .
Get on to eh bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
L us elep .
L me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
elt me watch your house .
Let me allow you to etner in to your cbai .
Frogvie me . :
Bring that toy .
brnig glass of water .
rdink water .
Eat food .
Ru fast .
stpo shouting . do n't sohut .
te us bath .
Once upon a itm wsa en title a clled epnn , he was really small compared with th ohter .
He hated to be like that because mo of the ast made of him utnil one day something terrible and inevitbale happen .
It was a dark night . It was raining utni a bgi acti volcna explosion brought him into the undergroun .
lal of them tried to find a w uo ! , but no one could find one ... Thye started to ge paincked !
oeple just started to evacutade ripdly until it began a bi earthquake ...
Penny was so sad , the only thing that he could do was to wait and kpe calm .
Until they danw lal of them go out , so they sacred utni they nid a refuge .
Everyone awnted to witnse the queen , btu no no fidn something .
Like tye ve religuos ants tye prey for her sacred ancseotrs so thye acn lep them in ht bi ael .
Something that they do know that whloe thing w a mvoie !
So all was planned ...
hte atcor had monitors to watch the ants all the time .
noe d Penny idscovered it and it went to tell it to ih qeue , the quee at knowgn aht she was very confused , but at the same time she ge da and she wanted challenge .
So they made a plan to displa all ...
The next ady whe they were about to start filmin hte er non atns htere so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
In that moemn the atns and Penny tatcak them in hteir bcak , makni teh to aeve the place .
The ast won teh aw and htye xepnad the habitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they ilve hapiply ever afetr !
I have many favorite sports .
Oen of th I 'm keen on lpaiyng basktebal eh best . I always spend roe tim on playing it .
I usually play basketball at least three minutes per day .
After a high ady at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to lpa it .
One thing makes sure that I already ifinshed of my rok before I play my favorite sports .
Basketball might benefit me , but laos everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I relayl rc
zy about playing it .
Wh I ha spa time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often played basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I lpa it nea spotrs ctnre .
I went bac moe and ahev a lsee deeply hwe I finished it .
Basketball is an uotdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favourite spor .
With the sewpeing progress of depression and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forests and ocesn da bees used to destroye to ublid mer constrtcure and transportation networks .
Frmo my own prespecitve , I believe that it will irng many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide number of truobelsome that may ldading to tih phenomeon .
Convincing arguments acn support the root cause is that almost la the present day , cities are already packed with plenty of residcne , commerec and recreation and the ldn available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agriculture and forests in order to saitsyf all htier needs , which will distory the ecosystem 's diveisty and biodiversity , especially the eadngered species .
According to the porblmes baove mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopet to deal with ihs rpoble.first of all , rdeucin buidlnig ocnstructuer from on on , plantign mroe rtees instea .
Sustainadle development should be awaness to all hamn and sta to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , these nupleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked up to ersolv before things get worse a The government has to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the language are very important , dn mroe English .
htis is ont my first time tta studying English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so ewll iscne I decided to go to Lnodon one cuosre to learn tsi lnagugae .
I took that decision because I was itred to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way fo fo the transport , because it produces umhc plolution , however ht upbli transport is better to do a journey .
It can cause many people problems .
Nowadays , in eh citie devleope there are many possibiltiie for public transport , like buses , trains , sbuawy , tram other options . It 's more economical than th ca . The problem of teh ac is that normally the c is occupied by a person , when the car is prepar ro to carry four or fiev peolpe .
This situation causes pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet ehalht
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to gte to me for the xet reosns :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is ilke t Spanish Languaj , my natvie Lnaguaje .
aht I watn to as , is very difficult to understand the conjuntoin of t verb in Spanish Languaje . Just imagine you the same but ont in your native language .
escodn reason . in the English syntaix , the structure for construtcoin paragraph or esntneces , the vbr is written before the subject , but not alway . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
ht thir reason :
I love to play circekt .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I bleogns to tsi ocutnry .
In Iida , 85 percent of people ofllow cricek .
In 199 , the Indian cricket team won its first World pu and that changed the direction of Ari in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow tihs agme .
I love this gmae because my favorite soprt man belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sach Ramseh Tendulakar , known as little msaetr .
Wheneevr I pla hti agem , I always follow the eprso .
si stance , style , shtos , rnuning between the wickets , everyhtign whcih is msot required in this game is up to the amrk .
Not only me but also eevyr India always foolw Sachin for rcickte .
When he was 18 , he played first agme for Idnai .
He is the first player to play 2 two in cricket .
He has many achievements , lek firts 200 in one day etc .
I olv eh awy he was paleyd .
F a nuance , first they have to decide wha they oc do better , abttnig or bowiln .
If the preson wants to bcemoe bowler concentrate on running , action , stance and f batsmen eed concentration on alg and bta coordination , EY and ta coordination , discore some shots which became key fatcor in batting .
Als awkward videos of some bes players like Sachin , Rahul , odn Breadman , Ahyden , Wasim Kaaram , Brett Lee etc .
As heal is an important factor in veery sport , so als nee to imrpove ehalth , Tsamian .
Dera Jo ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to htsi .
I can give you nay advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have a impressed time .
The weather is neither hot nor co all yra , you eed n't brign too many clothes because you can buy them in hree .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many locla ofosd ve popular .
oyu Amy like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We ca have fnu together .
when you have pyaed enough in this city , you uo nat to ifnd a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to g a or hree if you a foreign a have finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job because you do not have enough time here .
You may consider my davice .
My favorite spor is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fu .
Also , I ihnk smi ac keep our bdoy fti and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot d .
ht advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of wate , otherwise htey ya ont learn to swim and slo when the ga become older it will be more difficult to learn htan eh little .
So these are the avdice that I giev to th .
Dear acpm diretcor ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am a reality user that I am the person tha you are writing .
I am monitor in teh free site , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Netihre I have problems with working in the kitchen , iwl be clera if I told you that my parents have a bra .
caocrding to my age , evnenig activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as sockre , bolelyball , ...
Watiin ro yuo answre , Eider
ht city where I live is a small ivlalge .
Al rseidenst takes great care of the environment .
Orgnaized shar , wheer everyone clena up the village .
lal reisdents segregate garbage thrown iot usitable containers .
Tuhs hleping to protect our environment to make it lcena , safe , in order to not jepoardize our various diessaes .
In my villaeg there are tars csn , so that no one terw debris on the ground .
There aer pscejalne place where you ca organise bonfires , but everyone sa to clean up by themselves and throw uot al garbage .
We have the ability to use renewabel energy sourecs , because it is clos to wind power power .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary shcolo were the batteries and the whel cshoo uses solar enreyg instead of electricity .
They organise monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy residents of my village , tehy tyr to , so that o village w celra th pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travlelnig in their own cra is more comfortable than talking a rdi on public transport . a serious reason to consider .
First , the ub is always dorp by to te a passenger that kae more tmie than expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the upbilc vehicle route is much far than the uusal route .
Thirdly , it is aslo crwoedd na no pirvcay .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victmi of the pokcet picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and of adventrure who want to have an exciting trip then to see roe aciton .
Lek looking outside or sight esenig , to imnlge and meet different people .
In addition to this , I als admier the ublle train in Japan , which you consider fts a safe pbulci vehicle ev'd knwo .
To mu it up I still consider having your own ac is be more sfae and convenient .
Public tuure unlse they ahve project to at least leesn the itme of rtave and prioritize the safety of their apssengre .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral exrtactino .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to improve my opinion .
To begin with , xetratc th minera will be harmful to the environment .
Three are breathtaking sgiht on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went house to spend my summer every year .
However , it would probably be dasppeared if t developing equipment were ebin set .
enxt to go wli be , the extrcaiton of th valuable mnireal will edfinitel elads to air opllutio .
The has bne an example aht t other tnw is polluted by the prcoess of developing the minreal .
No one acn deyn aht the pollution ssue is one of the most important things which should be prveneted .
Last but not last , the mineral extarctoin will turn out to be profound inlfunece , especially , to offpsrign .
To take my friend , Taylro , as an example , her ohmelnad we evr - developed and became an aird pla when she was a child .
After she grows up , she edcdies to leave and never go back to re hometwon .
In addition , she has no blithe memo in her childhood .
One problem is that few people will consider the ojb opportunity that it might bring to us .
ud to the minearl development , many people in our hometown can probably enr much more than ahn before .
It seesm kie a sought - afetr cahnec .
However , they do not give us the promise of teh vacation .
In addition , money is no more rcucial when it comes to heatlh and environmental consrevatino .
In a nutshell , based on the reasno na instacnes above , the disdavantgaes of extrac ht valuable mnireal outweighs hte disadvantages .
Therefore , I do subscribe to this edcision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disppearing of op .
The ofsisl fuels used by vehilces cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious isseu , though temperatures amke the caps mel .
T olnger we ubrry our heads in san , the word the Earht will be .
I learn neglsih to improve the genera uqlaity of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars aer to flying .
vene if it had happened , there er nay people who ca n't get a car , because it is ot expensive , not only of buying but of fuel , service and so roth .
Buses are more smilpe - you just buy a ticket .
And what bauot trains ?
I asw TV about trains in Japan - that is the ufutre of public tarnspor .
I want to see Blu Sky and not straem of cras ilke it aw in the film " ht iffth Element "
Bardnon Mackie
aprliamnet House
Cambera ACT 25089
T 26th of amrch 2015
Chief Executive foficre
Carlos Alberto Marrero azragoza
Dea Carlos
Your order 6 a conditioning is inocmplete . We apologize for the inconevnience .
We have conscience of tih mitsak , we had a confusion about the number of ri conditinoing before the telephone cnovesration with your secrteary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and I htta the ord was n't in advance , we could only send 5 piecse .
Sicn the units we so in inventory but your purchase indciates the 6 pieces we confirmed . do not worry about it , we will sne yo eh remaining unit as soon as possible .
We ohp oyu keep preefrring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Makci
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Mlayasia . I'm an eneregtci , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable pers .
I have 3 siblnigs in my afmliy oh are taking car by me ll the tmie wh parents are busy with their owrks .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an ecxelelnt playre .
We sue to organise competitions and tournaments iwht othe school .
htsi is my favorite sptr .
During my leisure time , I like to help my paretns in the kitchen .
We coo varieties of food and idsehs .
I enjoy the dirty and oily ahnds in the kticehn .
With reefrnece to eh abov , I will ilk to appl the Summre Camp job with my lul commitmen .
Contemporary Art is a evr controvresial isus nowayas .
There are many osurcse and craetors , as well as themes .
It is well known that amyn Art curators and artists believe that Contempoarry Art is not a good source of ar , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an asethetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelilgibel .
Luckily the mo expensive art sitl being teh old , like Picsaos or Freud .
Nowadays a l of empty art piese are being sold at auctions around the world , at etxraordinar ihg prices .
Experimental Art has taken the world by surprise .
Humnaity ah reached a level of dfiferencse that it would be possible to stpo .
So n we have many hcoices and an ifniinty of information available at any given time .
With this sttaed , we now have an area of atrist .
The sports dasy were held at Kwa Chung sports Ground on 12 and 13 th November .
Tah ewathe sa ratly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at sptrs Gorund at 7:40 a.m. Thi eyra I joined the 1-metre race .
On the first day before eh spotrs day begins , we vae the opening ceremonies .
The athletic representative pasted the torhc and we sagn the anthem .
After that , the psorts day began ofrmally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 1-emtre rca satrtde .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
Teh teacher called my name and he todl me to a different place .
So I know that there is someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I wa ve nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passin my fac .
Tha feel was very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
In all , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great seult , I 've already tried my set .
At last of hte da , uor scohol announced that two houses ha go .
My house which to number two tepmorarily .
I found hopeflu and wanted my house to get the championship .
On the escodn ady , my classmates called me to take part in the Inter - cla rela race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , o class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of teh rac .
I implacted my class from winning the championship .
At lsat , my house got eh second runner up .
I hope my house will get the champino next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by ac is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not coerct .
We should use public transport because at hte rpseent there are a lot of acrs in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we harmin the environment and the world .
It is best that people go to th place walking o running on the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it . Go to the place in Ca . Obviously , it is fasre than a b and cheaper but not less .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so umch more covnenien but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonl - debated that tourists ahs greatly inlfuenecd , not lny eh aspects of no cuontr , but of the whole world laogn .
Whether touirs have a positive or a negative impact on uo lives , remains a dilemma of the ignorants .
First of all , tuoirsm is a tool that enabels people to travel around the world .
Alongside with its development , the ability of travallign has easened to usch a scale aht it is onw quite common to commtue from one country to another .
The existence of multinaoinals is tightly connected to the id of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since travel is not only a citiezn of h nw conutr but a global citizen .
Secondly , toursim , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in the growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the ecomnoy relies merely on oturis .
If touirs influenecs the economics , it thereby niflunecs the environment , and if it nifleunces the environment it influences teh trasnport . How?eppole becmoe mor carefu at their historical sise , htis awy presevring th;Transrot is developed both at a smile and a large scale :
At a small scla , in ctiies , in a way which lil allow ciitzens and tourists alek to reac important plaecs more feifcently .
In a large sca , people can now travel in almost nay possibly awy : on alnd , on sea or a .
Through the development of tourism were obrn crusise and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful lansdcape with his boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tigre w ht mom named maanad of 25 eyars odl . The herdesr killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough money to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's obyfrined was a lion and Jo was 27 years old . His dad died because in a cnoflic with other animals , he got an infectino .
Her mmo ei was so thgns or someone drag her off the ground and dropped it in a cev were oehr animals ate her .
Thye die whe John was too little to remember . He never knew what happened , so he went to eh parts for the . He awlekd na walked eevn at veerse but he never forgot them .
eh 3 daughters hwer so different from others .
The first name is Amaad ujnior like her mom but she is a cheetah . . has 9 years o seh lvoes to run and s is the fatsset of the family and has a lot of spots .
Sh is of the nose the trend to make something eofrcing .
Teh escond daughetr naem Elizabeth is a loepard is the nitelligen of the family and the oldest of the daughtsr .
I am 12 years old .
Anohtre anima vie them rewards or nous bceaus She decided that they were liquid .
The las uaghter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family is a girl .
hse stay sleep in bed and do nothing ady .
His parents were angry because she was the only no that never worked .
O they anmial wen wht A and give eh an incentive to be an atlheet or mak something ees than aty selepin .
The end .
Hlel friend ,
I onw you are seraching f a fal to vie ro the whoel enx year .
Maybe I fuodn something for you : hwe I was on the way returning home , I erad a juonral with some advertisements .
There is an inec flat enar my house : it is perfect for somoene who want to liv high fo noyl an year .
There is a complete kitchen , a great bedroom , a bahtromo with shower b wtiohut bath and a colo living - room .
I think you have to wear winter clothes because here there is really cold weather !
Write me soo
Alsesai
Hello Rilye , about the question you and me in your letetr , it has eben hard to gev oyu an answer because I know know muhc you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up frmo your music classes .
You have classes since you were inne years lod a you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should conitnue donig soprt because it is important for your health and in your free time you could sitll lpay pina without going to classes .
This is my opiinno tu the decision is yours , so when you decide it please tell me a letre tell me about it .
Love , Ines .
Eh my name is Jo and I 'm 21 years old and I think i'l would complimne the summer cma evry ogod , because my gdo amnner dn very open for kids , so they c open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nusr at the olca hsoptial and i'l can do anything as a dotcor acn .
So if the kids are going to hurt themeslves , then i'l ca fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smlaler injuries .
eh omst exciting day of my fie aw t 3rd of June , la year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Tehn I revsie Maths as at ohm , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the rtacks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and apss the test .
tu when I ifnisehd before ht tmi I sa happy and relaxed .
I always said that I psased tta tse and I was sure of that .
And tsi is true .
I passed tta tset !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I 'd like to go to a new artist rlols competition , although in my tiy there are n't a olt of cmopetitions of this kind . If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spen the tickets .
My favourite sports
ehn I was three years old , my parents went surfing with me .
At the bignn I talked to the chidlgraden and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of fun , because I cuold on it .
At twelve o clock in the daytime , my parents took me with them and we dorv together .
My teacher tko me between his nkeis , because I could irve without fallnig and it was ufn .
When I was older , I could gte better my daem was:"SNOBwAoRDING " , but I sohudl leanr skating perfectly like my parents .
Late when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I love my frits snowboarding nu I love it .
I too every free mintue to drive snowboarding .
That was the attempt to go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because yuo fe free wne yuo rae driving down the pitse .
Y er like a ibr .
It is the bad feeling in the world .
I 'm very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the lyrics are perfect .
That is eveyrtihng I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is teh bts soprt of everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you a all the items in the treasure and whe you have lunch , you can see animals .
It had been a very long trial ad , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterda , he wa on hi aw to hmoe a it sa getti dakr .
Hi people wer worrie and callde a couple of tmies .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
eh one he eyes a eh first htnig aht she as like the black sky .
A dark s without tsars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a rat of the woods where eh used to go to thin an ralx .
She tsatred to take consciuosenss although she could n't remember wo she rairved her .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go with her ohsue to this place .
The rpoblme is the last thing they remember is aht she ahs bene sleeping and then sdudnely woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell selpe again , didn't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to wal until teher in her sle ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
Tsi situaiton it was really fustrating not to metnio that now he had to wla f almost 20 minutes to gte ohem and ba to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her imn .
She knows her way in the dance ; she has been to this psto a to of ti , especially the last few weeks .
The development of hmua iknd in technology is se eveyrwhree .
In case of transportation etchnology , in this twenty firs ecnutry we ha various potion lkie Plan that can fly in the coldu , trains that fast and big enough thta crry hundreds of people and rtavle hunderds of mi an hour and boa that umc ibgger and faster thna acnietn mie .
Although compared to ancient items , we are lucky enough that we have all these optoin .
Hwoeevr , if I had been given the option to choose between all of those , I would s plane .
Tree are thr aeson to choose tsi .
The first reason is ist speed . Compared to other means of transportation it na tvael faster .
It ca rtavle Thosuan of Milse in a coupel of ohusr .
As a result , people ca asv their TMI .
Seocdn is asftey , compared to others the chances of accident is les .
That means it is safe to travel by plane rathe htan teh tra or boa .
Third noe is computer level .
Lpa is much more comfortable than both Tarin and bota .
In conclusion , I will asy that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of rtansporttaion .
The reason behind my choice is spede , safety and comfort lele that amek paln as my first choice .
Everyone should take a day off before leaving school a stratign college or university , to save money or trale . It would be the best aawr for a student who attended high school .
Young people want to discover their world and travel to recah places which would be unreachable other
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the afternoon .
I ewtn with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Gurad and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people on the beach .
The water was very ocl and I could n't swim , tehn I played foobtall in the sand of eh bea .
I oto eh su a evyr lno tmie and then I went to a cafe and I drank a refrsehment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for a public rtanspotr ? Is this claim or not ?
Will we see oru roads public transport afer 5 or eev 10 years ? th is a really interesting question/
I think that it will depands future development .
Now we acn ese that more and more people are travelling by c .
Yes , I argee , if you plan to travel for a long dsiattion and for a lno trip you would prefer to do it on ca , ocsue firsyl you;ll spend elss time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to sto evyr where adn ro a long tim , as yo need .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or ra ?
I think tta tsi is a guestion for everyone , an t naswer ca n't be noe for all , cuase , someone can use public transport , and ecomoy by this not onl mone , tu and the environment , because some people do n't like to p.t . , cause they spend mer tim for travelling or thye simple do n't liek to travell with another people .
So , in my opinion , evne after 10 years the public transport will be crossing o street with neouhg number of passangers
Helol Lar ,
Thank you for yuo meai .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years dl mal from the ikngdo of Bahrain .
I go to GYM and run on a daily basi to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to nkow omer about you .
My vlialge is the place hwer I lvi so I am trying to keep its environment on - oplluted and valid for ilf .
In order to achieve these goals , I have to take steps na actions to protect the environment as following :
no smoking in the upbilc places .
increasing the number of trying nad plants and puinhs ht persno hwo ucts them .
establishing the factorise otuisde of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
iude the people and giving them information , details and guidelines about ht pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favourite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " I go there every eek It has different foo from other restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sacu It 's excellent hcoice for me an My favorite appitizer is susage and in ored that desert I 'd rathe " avgde " caek with hccoolate sauce I fele I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classcial muci over ahvign a lunch baout eh service It 's veyr good and all stff are repsectabl I ca n't miagien one weke without going there aht rdievs me nuts I advise any one to go hteer and enjoy a ti there , laso this restaurant sa a relativ advatngae in hygiene raelly It 's excelltn Tih strikingl thing for aynone despite all of thse advantages prices ra on epxensiev .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in the correct form to thro the ball to the other side in the game .
I 've twelve years playing volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people who help me to grow up in t psrot and lonely .
When I was 10 , I chose to aly with a group of girls oled tha me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleybal is my favourite sport because when I am with my team playign I am in another world , in which I could be free and happy . Apart from this , I am bad . tihs is a distraoin of the university .
You hsoudl really practice it so ufnny , but I advise you , is too easy at first , but you have to focus on things like you have done in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work statrst at 9 AM .
I fote go to lsepe around 12 AM .
I usually play ivdeso games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not aly nay .
However , I sometimes do sikppin to fi myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting ntoici .
The toicie was aobu a cmopetitino .
The competition is about wirt stories .
Michae was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to cooperate .
First , he found an idea for the stoyr and he decided to mkae the stroy obut pirates oloking for treauser .
He began to write .
The story is very good , but Mcihae does n know how to en the otry .
Finally , Micahle enedd the tsory and he went to the post office .
Michael sent eh stro ub Cihael closed the door a nkew at that moment he da made a mistaek , he id n't put his name and address .
Ye , I think TV cna entertani and educates , because three ra many comedies .
In Asl there are a lots of eduacte channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new bauot pts .
Comdeeis aer so funny , so when you are sa you ca awtch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of t pbulci transoptr .
Differetn experts had atlkde aobut this qusetino and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the rfedeom fo moving comfortably and for this reason , osme people usually prefer to use their acrs .
Public transport is usually retsrecetd with th titeables na you only may es th transport in the ommen aht the timetable el you .
Because of this , many people do n't ilk to use public transport because they want to voe themselves when they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodtiy of pelpe myabe is ognig to determinate most of the cars than public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Hre skin is colored r and green , de dots ontop of eh geen to be more ercise .
She does that every ya afre school .
Of course , hs hsa also has a little brother .
His ikn is oclroed red , sut ilek the fatehr .
Daer Pual !
I have written in in ages but I was very busy because of t eaxsm at University .
hwa about you?Wta are we in Brizl?As you know , my friend ojhn asked me to help him with the organziatio at the ocnecrt , which was performed last month .
So I was there soemthin ilk staff .
My work consisted of making press davertisign , providni la tikcet , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
With the concert over , we went to the cloakroom to get sigantures rfmo muiscians .
I felt like a satr!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the claokromo for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend went there .
People were so envisu ... I liked it!It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and oyu hsoul yr it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hoep to see you soon
Jnh
eh advertising is everysite .
There are advertisements on TV : rido , bsu , Tsretes ...
In spite of this range of media , eh TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that o programme or sreise whhc we see , has a l of mentisn to products or services .
There can be people tired of so mcuh advertising conettns ubt tihs is completely necessary .
There are a l of products which have to be annuonced and a lot of messages to report to people .
Th TV is the most cacesible way of communication and people can es the message in this way .
In additio , ebhidn oen ad hter are a lo of thnisg : one industry .
In en ad three are , for example , the publicits 's wrok , the ocmpnaies investmenst , futru sels , th prdoutc or service 's lfie ...
To s up , there are a lot of dads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making ihs choec you caerly acn Sak ? I lvoe Sun and godo ewather ?
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very high and oyu can raerl stya near the snu because oy finish t be burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good momen to young little hting fie igves us and have fun with them .
Durnig summer I love to go to the beach and have a bath with my friends rather than getting ufn with them playing volleyball or being inside the water of eh sae !
I think these activities are regenerating and they make you laugh about all the warmth of summer .
Furthermore , you can lseep mro hta the other days of the eyar and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explor anutre durni summer too .
T wonderful clouors of flowers with the sunshine rae fabuluos .
Dea USA SUEmR CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the SuA and I 'm very interested in the potiion of children you are advertising .
I 'm eigtheen yaesr lo na I 'm doign a language translation degree at university that month , that 's why I have to work in order to pay my fee .
I have smo experience working with children from all gaes , besieds I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FC certificate this eyar ubt it would help me a lot if I practised my English in my native country .
I consider myself really catiev , sociable , well - organized and and all patient , therefore I think I 'm sutiable for this job as I na adtp myself aesil in any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas pul it would be a ni experience because I owuld meet enw poeple a a differne culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Woscki
It had been a veyr oln na tirign ya , but Tmo felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won the swimming competition .
It was really pmortatnt fo him because he had training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had og na achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He niivted all his rfiends from tea and made a par .
Tom watnde le , his girlfriend , to ocem too .
S was really proud of Ihm .
S w dreaming about being his wife .
She was was to be his wief so badly .
But he ddi n't loev her enough .
He awnte to back up with ehr at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He heard that he was wlays late .
That was the main reason he wanted to dn it up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
tu mie 's up .
He og lcsoer to eh na told eh eveyrthing .
Mel looked asdl at To , then asdi : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got uot of his hmoe .
He followed na aopligzied re .
He said he was durkn and did n't know what he was saying .
Tne he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehea .
He ah to tsya with hre because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave hre carriyng ih baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life to raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and start to take care of me .
One of me was feeling really bad , so Tom took him to the hospital .
He fle that something da was going to happen .
And he was right .
M has teh baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
ih life was going to change .
Mel was cryni all ad and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made re much more s .
He did n't acr .
He thought it was her afraid that she had lost her little uhamn .
Gliding in the waves
evn if I am on a vyr inteseted in training , eh spro ? I really prefer to practice swimming .
hte sesntaion of being embraced by the water , efeling hte obyd quite without weigh , albe to do a movement that is impossible while in the a , is a wnodefrul state of imnd .
I started to practice swimming in polo because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have eben atking lessons for xi mnotsh , so I ipmorved so muhc my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a big part of the pleasure of enjoying the water , being in the sea or in plo .
Practice wsimming is qui hard work , especially if you you nde to learning the absi movement , ubt it is an evr relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up on trying , because it is failure ismpel na it ac gives a lot of satisfactions !
Your efforts will be rpize by succeeidgn , and y acn obian it wit prcaitce .
·Introductio
This report will explain the different activities we can do in our leisure tmie in Castelldefel .
·Atcivitise to ikll time
As our town is well - known for o mangiifcul beaches along the Meidterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , mnay foregin or local people come high to do activities like kitesurfing and windsufrnig on the beah or canoening and aquatic singing on the Olmypci Canal .
The activities are teh msot popular and the mts expensive .
However , I fully recommend htem , especially for sporty , daventurous and young people .
·Others idaes to have uf
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , more intsance : fre zumba masterclass , yog baec , running ... as sports activities , as social activities , other rae lrbary group , theatre ...
As I sai , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic acna and t beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both oppular and the latest .
If you tried all the activities , you would sepnd a great mie her , in Casteldlefles !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you eh best to arvie at Slaou .
You will come to teh Reus airport , right ? .
Well , the iarport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than a taxi .
The ub sotps at the Salou bsu station .
hwne oyu eg off the bsu you hsould ask smoeoen for Spring Street .
It 's enar here .
You can walk to my house .
Moerove I sdn you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my addres : 4 Sprcue avenue .
I 'm plnainng you vsii .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Yuo soon .
Bes Rgeadrs ,
Ma
Dear Sgrio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedil Tórrze .
I am an Engineer of Excetuion in Mine , entitled to the " Instituto Profseional ivrignio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chife of opertaions at the enw underground proje Chiquicamtaa .
In first place , my qaultiies and professional salary seem to suit the erquirement of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use new technologies thi gera projec reuqiers .
I am also able to lead the oeprations of the project responsibly and although a team works to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that yuo company ha .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privileeg of belonging to the " Minera El etniente " as hsift manager , Cihef of oeprations at " Minrea Andnia " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO porejcts .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to dicsuss persnoally why I am qualified for this position .
I xeepct a promtp response from the Company .
Without ufrthe ado , I remani Oyur .
Guillermo Sdeillo Tórr
Nowadays there are are people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that many people learn ihs , . Is it worht learning a foreign language ?
First , there are more international companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreigners alngugae have more opportunities to te a job in an important company , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , er mro benfeist , for example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand lies without copmlications .
Finally , learning another language gives the leanrer the ability to tse inside the mind a context of the other culture .
Today , glboalization is bringing the world closer . That means that there are many possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , opetry , films , TV programs , movies or smoe other aspects of the language .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive for different subjects , so if you have the positive of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF CMoPLAIN
Jul Camarlilo
Montano aevnu nº2
Pots oced 10237 Cáecers
uagus , 2r3d 2014
Dear Si / Amda ,
I am writing to complain about a recent packga I received on Monday last weke .
I ordered wto batteries model 002545 because my mobile nedes this kdn of battery , but I have only received one batter model 001212 .
O month ago I rodere two batteries mod 002545 on your onilne wesbite .
I have a mobile mdoel onika 211 which needs batetrie omdel 020455 .
T Edliveyr was wrong , so now I am a huge hrry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I did have a mobile I would not be able to work .
To reslov the rpoblem I owlud liek to receive the batteires by express opst .
The delivery error has been amed by oyusr , so this time , it should be stn with rfee delevry .
If I do not hear from oyu within the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solicitor .
Y can only contact me by meial because my mobile still odse to work .
I want to have from uo oso dn having my batteries as quickly as possible in my hoem .
Yours faithfully ,
ujlio Camarillo
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the bad effects and good effects from t suesr'opnioins in the Active Leisure Club in the sitting time .
First , people in this area have actualyl found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , gaem which are held ceraitvely effectively and have been siutbale for different ages .
Besides , it has neouhg modern fcailities to ser the users in the peak hours and the gudiers a evreyhwere adn reyd give help .
However , olny on the things we dislike
With the purpose of actract more people to join the club , besises its good potns , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably avo ehy hold the activities to avoid rpoblesm
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Dsegi the bank onte aer ht frits adn indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour dn thw artwkr while they have to consider the security issues .
Then , ksilled machinists would perpaer the metla plates in rode to go to the next tsep .
The third section is to pirn the perapred bank notes .
Usually house will be 50 na noet re sheet .
The colour will rpint on both sides a ever ontse has its unique i also t iamges will be sligthly raiesd .
fater that , it comes to the most signifiacnt stage , that is inspecting the quality of the prnited shee .
People usually divdied the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially dmaagde , and bad sheets .
As good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets are still good , people will cut them separetly and pac them together in order to dispcating and distribtuing the bank notes .
If the pratiall daamge sheets are ba , they will be treated as bda shete , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the daigram gives a qtie explicit prcoess of making bnak notes .
though it seems to be aes to amek them , but evre etps neesd people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bna note for everyone .
A BETEtR LpAC TO LI
Bgeiinngs
Everything began f years ago , hwen Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importacne of the surroundings in health and the ahppinenss of people .
He started to think how he could egt ebtetr oru ilves and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While young people use their time trying to get concerned the dlest people in the village about the importance of the cra of our surroundings , imddle - ag people plant man trees around the village and clean the floor of our uplbic plaec making it a more attractive place to liv htan we used to have .
aesy recycling
Loca authorities helped this initiative by creating some plaecs for people to levae their rubbish in order to be taken to teh rceyclin cnete with the purpose of giving a new level to our waste .
The eruslts
As a result of this atittdue , since Alfred had this great ieda , we enjoyed one of the clean villaegs in the raae .
People are worried about the future of the planet and an association has been created in order to prmooet the cra of lpanet . Geen Planet is called .
We want a hpapy Earth .
Heol Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing yuo about the sfaf recruitment for the " New Clou Genreation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
Fro you informaoin , we are looking for people wi trhee yaesr of epxerienec in smiilar projest , who are engineers and also have high tema work skills .
We also value that htye haev specialisde studies in Cluod technology , hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't fdn enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with two years of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
hwen adn where do you prefe ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare soem orfiles that you think the staff of New lcodu Generation hsuold have , an please tell me if you find another different rqeuset than I told you before in the e - mia .
Please , naswer me with information as soon as possbile .
Íñiog Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told oyu I had been helped at a conectr ?
It was really exciting , an unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me tu I mte lal memebrs of Dżem band . I talked to them and we da ulnc together . They 're evr nci me . Because of hleipng tme I have the best place dunig the concert and I have their autograph on th newes recodr . I ddi n't ha many dutei dn onne of them wer unpleaasnt .
In general , I have only one dream that was high quest ilst , aobev that I had to help with clean up after the concert .
But hta coecrt the worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to htier enx event .
Wroknig for htem wa a rela pleasure .
I hope we 'll meet each other soon and I 'll be capbale of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
odminika
erport :
The ia of this reoprt is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your bnach in amrdid lts omnth .
In addition , I would like to igev you soem suggestions . I think it would be wotr to take it into account for the next course . it will take pcae netx yea .
Fsrt , I would like to satnd tu the outstadnnig classmates there in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - owrkers .
Wokrnig collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of elarning another subject , even English .
Second , the teacher weer really go SKLLS to taehc .
They managed to encuorage all of us verey ya .
This wya we made th mos of us and neev agv up improving our English level .
These phonetic calsses scheduled on Fridays come really in handy .
Thye helped me to pronounce words before tna before beginning the corues .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least no native teacher in the teacher 's ETA .
This way we had been abl to have a native speaker and I thought it would have been worht practising .
To arp up the report just sya that , on the whole , the ocurse was afnatstic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yosr sincerely ,
Jaun Orozco
I am keen on icnem thsu I love to watch all the ifm .
But , what films are in my Top 100 lis ?
In my opinion , Bbae is a fascinating iflm with a dramatic and thrillnig sotryilne htat is one of the 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the lpto is original and it shows different life stories of omvnig characters .
In addition , I think aht the settings were very reallistic and the tcors had a great performance .
However , I recommend that drama lovers watch Bale as his message will voe you .
It revaels that our feeilngs cross the boundarei of a cultures and we are connectde to another other .
My nem is Moahme El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Por - Said , Egyp .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of mdeicin Potr - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sitse .
I have been doing Jud for the past 11 years with a lot of pirzse .
My hobbies are travelling , raednig stroeis and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lto of course and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to beocming a number in World ehatlh Ograniaztion ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind ubt I work hard to make this dream come true .
last few years , I have worked in amn plecs such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and an awetr puriifaction company .
I believe tha rok is everything na experience can amk miracles in your life , so I like this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer whe I changed my career to medicine . I realized that Laalh chose the bes for me and for my personality .
Whe I wo anything I efle thta I have the world in my hand , so I cna do anything ofr poepel .
One of my goals in the ilef is to invent an efefctiv drug for oen the incurable ilk acnecr , IaD and hepatitis .
I ask myself many times what is the ami of your life ?
And what are the benefits of working and studying ?
ub if oyu ee uor owrl and realize it well , it will be deserved orm everyone to work so hard and achieve their hpoe .
I learnt from ersaerch that you can do everything at anytime , in addition , a little ried can change teh life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting places in my country and my dream is trvaellin to ht countries in the world asl . I atetndde a lot of cofnerneces in my field , so I think ihs program is a chance for experience which will he and inspire me of the community services and development my soiceyt as I hope to come abkc a teach otehsr hwta I laern .
I am writing with reference to t pso of job as a camp monitro that oyu require in summer .
I saw yru daevrt this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qiulaified person ro eh pos .
I am a prescholo teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite patient and fu aht in my opinion . These are two uqalitie highly necsesary for the work job .
I am godo good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great wekaness .
I really love being with people all ht tmie .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Insetda I believe it is an advantage .
Oyung people are usually hard - working and active presno .
If you reuqire further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I necolse my curricluum vtiae with my telephone numb . I would be rgateflu if you could give me an interview at your earlset convenience .
I will really appreciate it because I am looking roward to statrin work .
Is there a ufutre for private cars ?
To be honest , I am ont USR .
Although privatle oned cars are more and more poupalr , and they are nicreaisngly a common asste even in edveloipng countries , it is not likely that thi means of transport will be the means of transportation of the future .
Most people today realize that in ou citie and on our planet there is an increasing problem of spca pollution .
Carbon besd fuel will not last forever .
I would say aht mots probably priavet ca not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be enecssary to veert to some sro of public tranpsort .
Th popular growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will gorw of a staggering 3 billion uhman bein .
I know that it is nec to daem a future of technology . People fliygn raonud , each of them with their own rpivaet small heliocpetr .
But it is nto giong to ahppen .
I guess htta in our future there are no hleicopters , or even cars .
Sttaes na local authorities will have to tcakel the rpbolem to provide the upbilc with a better alternative . T
he rpice for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we iwl have to read the timteable to learn again to be on itme , the old old train could become pmortant again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for t naswre , students na to answer because they ttolaly cna nto remember what they have studied in the last esmestre .
Students could receive a better , more feficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because after the lno caation , students will not remember the knowledge they have leanred , partly because of long vacation will allow students to have fnu intseda of tsduy , and partly because of osme diffiucl courses hsolud be continually stduynig .
Therefore , I agree with eh sattemen that students could rceeive a better , more efficient education if they studied 11 mnohts a year .
Mer reasons dn dteial iwl be hse giht on in the following paragraphs .
To believe iwth , there is a general consensu , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , in history class , the history teacher had to repe teacher the history of North America before he tsart to etcah the ihstor of Sotu America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting and not efficient .
Netx to go wuodl be , students get used to erlxa by ahivng no stud na homework in the long avcaiton .
For example , when the semester starts , students can n get away from the usnshine , beac , and travelling .
In the class , students will erclal the joufl itme they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
La but no elast , some difficult cousres should be ocnitnually stduyign ratehr ahn having olng a break tmie .
Fo instcne , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could understand the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that stunets students receive a better , more effective education if they studied 11 months a year .
My favorite oprt is score .
I have enjoyed this oprt since I was a chdl . I lawasy remember my father and my brother teaching me to play it .
My father wa a professional soccer place , so I think I inheritde his love for soccer .
I played soccer in idffernet etmas in my neighboohod , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the lpyaing field I forget ll prolbesm .
I like to play with my team partners .
Togehte we analyse the irval tea and we choose a stratgey to win the match .
When I play bad I efe nervous because my parters give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I onw the ehlath is very important , so if you do this sport there is a big probability that you will be healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really love it .
If you do n't like it , there are nay options to rpactise whaetver spor .
The concert is not a voilent sport b smoeitmes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I davies that you can plyaing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also ewtn to the maaznig Nigaara Falls .
Soemhting that made me happy to see my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to Nwe oykr tiy .
In the fl I was very happy because I received a lot of ood .
ht fligh was approximately fiv hours where I watched beautiful movies .
Weh I arrvied my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a ibg uh .
We went to lno Isldn beacues tehre he lievs .
He had a relaly nec house and I was pleased to see my little cousin " Angel " Oh lkos just like me .
In New oyrk I ea so much . I also want to teh city thya enve selep , Manhattan .
My uncel had the awesome idea of going to Niaraa Falls .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived at Niagar Falls icyt aht loosk kie a ghost pla .
They did n't have too much to do because they were afraid .
I was amzed of how uheg were ht falls .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many phtoos because I do n't visit placse ilke thta every .
Something that made me very bad to my family .
My cousin Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to see him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel w veyr happened to meet me na me t . We rae lkie siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presetn because she asy teh do nto es me frecuenlty a amn tohe part of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation wheer I saw new things , visited aweosm places as Nigaar Falls and Tmi Square , received a lot of presents and soeicalyl ae a lot of delicious ood .
omst attending stduenst to universities are out of the city hwree they ues to live , so , they need an acocmmodation to live in their study year .
Most universities provide chae accommodations such as hsared rooms a dormitory to their students to lower the livi sots , where mots students have l inocem .
Other students who may have fmaily financial suppo prefer to have an apartment to lev indepednentl
Sharing a house or rooms has advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning how to srae everything with others . savign money nad tiem will be more Obvious in university dromitroies because monthly payments will be less tna fou times than hiring an apartment , and because it iwll be lcoser to the univresiyt , saving money na time is more efficient by rdeucign trnasportation 's costs
In spite of these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to vie in an aaprtment hweer the pesronaliyt is very important to me .
Many years ago , I shared a frie in a room for f months doing a course outside my country . These dyas where I owrst during my lfi . He aw idryt , speaking oludly all items dn d to sher eh bduegt of taing . liivng aolen will gran me t rfeedom to live by hte way taht I choose nad still friendly wht la eh ohters without exceed the privacy of my friends . this tater will not achieved ehn liivgn in shrade rooms .
they anoniyng me
Although the federla government , which is dceided as a rol of the US , has many ebnefits according to readin passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of feedarlism which means mo ilberty for eh states to have the won pilcies according to their needs , is always gdo f the lecture hwer it may creaet some confcits ebtween the stets .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals where some stat admit ihs marriage , others do n't .
laso , the readin apssgae edclares that even the federa government lets ehc stta function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
This case causes soem problems when the lcetruer mentioned the failure of the federal government to sto lilega immigration to the US through Nevada desetr .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal lbaem aec other in the nicreaes of the unemlpoyemnt in some tsates .
In conclusion , fedear governments which give freedom and power , cause myn problems such as no single poli and confusion in the responsibility .
Travellign to a different country can be absolutely exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that type of trip is exciting but also has ehir frustratign memnts .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; ifsrt t to gte aolen with travel company na enjoy emixcan food instead to cirtic about psciy savor .
People sa that in every voayge people suffer different mometns of the tr : arriving , eg away to the rfusrtation of an unknown place , egt alone with your trip companion , success as a travel dn arrived high triumphal .
In orre to nejyo a rti to Mexico , I suggest that t traveler find a way to get alone with si or re companion .
This minimla cahnce wodl mkae a bi differecne wehn y vis other cti .
As an example , if you ar bale to get lanoe with your travel company , cuold ejnoy each ommetn of the rti , exchange sem pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or animals .
The advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is to enjoy Mexican food .
Mexican food has a lto of tasting dishes for different states of the country .
ofr examlp , there are a lot of American people tha do n't like spicy fodo and also msot of the tim cuodl ge agnry wit the excess of pepper that teh emxcian people used to sue to prepare their food .
In addition , I would suggest you to ask for sauces iwth olwer people .
In this way , visitors owuld be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristi of our ocnutry .
In conclusion , I offered ow important advice for visitors coming to my cuontyr : Try to get laone with their companion in roder to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was vnented and revealed ifrst mie on August 29th 1969 , Soical emida Site ( S ) is the next most signifciant nionvation that ha partly replaced for afce to afce communication .
Ms such as Faceook send out 070.000 messages , and 710.0 Tweets er publicized on wtitter every 60 seconsd .
Unsruprisingly , scoila consequences of Facbeoo and wtitte play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or tmie .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitet or S in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy thta there is a possibility of cycle of bullyign .
This essay will force on beenfist and disadvantages of Facebo and Twitter , and also comment on the potential furue of these impliaction .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distacne , through Facebook and Twitter .
Th benefit of being from being ocnencted globally to Facbeook an Twitter is that messages can be trnasmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Fcaebook na Twitter can be used when their suers are in an unpleasant mo , dn where their negative feeligns are exrpsesed .
Secondly , Faceook provides the opportunity to get in touch with daily cativities with friends , amknig observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the tework ( thorguh wall posst , pokes , messagse , tec ) ( Oldmeaodw , Quinn , & okwer , 2031 ) .
Tha is to asy , muan ebhaviour on Fcaeboko are interact with others by sharing their mood , a receiving respnoses .
htirdly , Facebook c be used as an orgainzational communication oto in business .
Knowledge about teh members increases contniaully , and moreover , maintaining relations with other exitsign emmber , and laso ahring their mae interests by the social network .
( Emerald Group Pbulihsing , 021 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instaec , by following famous celebrities , people can eaisl see veeyr daily actitiies which are poset by htem .
However , due to ihs , people who are biegn followed , or users in genreal , have less eprsonal priavcy , and also there is a ihgh potentail of begn puopsely aggressvie towadr someone .
However , information wcih appeared on Faceboo or Twitter is easily common , therefore everybody can easily seponse as a pulbi opiino .
However , information which is papeared on Facebook or Twitter is easily accesisbl , therefore everybody can easily respoes as a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook usesr expects teachers to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with gareeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can post any rcaist commest which tgret a specific group or eprsno .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ga was released , a af posted an onset racis tweet htat saying that tye ree nuhpapy ebcause noe of the ian actresses w perofrmed by Blcak person ( Ruach and cshanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through Ms , it has eld to many problems , including with cycl - bulylnig , yccle - badgering , yccle - stlakign bahviour ( Krisnha , as cited in Wililasm & Mretne , 008 ) .
For example , Krihsn et al.(0213 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a wmona frmo a ma calle Mr .
X " adimtted to a state psychiatric hospital after being fuon no competetn to stand trial on chargse of stalking haarssment , trespasisng and telephone harassmetn " ( pp .
5.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
optentially , Facebook and Twitetr , and Sm in genrea , mya rpealce fac to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more fredemo or neojy using Faceobko or Tiwtter withou have to vi each other appearance .
Therferoe , it would be easier to be connected and kepe in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call htme .
The possible outcome might be the roe time people spend on MSS , the lse communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the irsk of negative comments or posts , Facebo a Tiwtter will improve in the future to solve the personal privacy problem .
ofr examel , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the sueful of thes ipmlicaitons , epopel should pay attention to afecbook and Twitter could affect thri society life by vaiod using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Faceobok and Twitter is that people can communicate and get connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can esaily rdeuce their negative mood by sharing and exprsesnig how they fee .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have ebne connected worldwide , which means proetcting personal privacy is probably impossible .
possibility , users might express aggressive twoadr each other , because of lack of rpviacy .
Photography clsases f everyone
Introdcution
Teenager aer constnatly influenced by soical networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
Al , this pehnmoenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to catpure special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassino , etc .
As a ne colelge subject
This praccie is considede those activities that nayone can do without any kidn of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to papyl bteter etchniqeus in the moemnt of taking a picture should be as cnosiedr as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at sam level .
ht reasons
Recnet tsudies hsow that in lts twenty years more than 3,000 hpotograhps are atken per person in the world , especially in hte ltaset generations ilfse(teangers and kids ) .
This increase is relaetd with the overwehlming development of technology in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it reqiure the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful ya ! Tehr is April now and finally started come .
A bright usn is shinng , the snow metled away in March .
T ifsrt spirng birds came back from the wamr cotnries .
They are singing fnuny and buidlin their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one uor in March .
The summretim was first introduced in England in 190 .
The days become older and the nights get shroetr na lgihtre .
We usually set our clock bakc an hou in Otcboer .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hocke as a life system
Although a sport helps you to have a healthy fie , hockey proveds oyu roe than ju being healthy or f .
What do you think of whether you choose a sport ?
Yuo think that Yuo ilf style will improve ?
We you are mistaken .
Fo do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
hwta if you do n't have one of those requiemrenst ?
Then you know cokey is ht awsner .
Hockey is a psrot I have lpayed for many years and it turns out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train ifv day a week and you need to concnetrat a lo .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through my life I have been willing to imporev in this sport na sinc 201 . it hsa beacem a ilfe slye to me .
hw would I recommend thi to oy ?
It would definitely help you to follow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you a going to srat see it with othe ese .
So sto searching for the right sport , ihs one is f yo !
As far as I 'm concerned , bulic rtansprotation is the best transport emdia f environmental care .
In sptie of some people mkae enough money to yu htei own c . elcetri na hybr cars are more expensive than traditional ens ( t ones who use gas or ideesl ) so , people choose tsi noes and that 's because there are several issues that we vae to deal with .
The environmental acr is taking srtength every day , from kids to ancient people .
The government mayn cmopnaies to measurin the Oc emissions which are being produced by idnutsrial or sreivce processes that are necessary for producing goosd fro the social consume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they oculd walk , ride a bike or uby a traditional ca , na that will rpoabbly take plec whe the edsitny is far from the place where they live .
From my point of view , public transport will be very important in the future , especially in developing countries .
I think the government will slow down the fee for public transportation , tah could maek people to use public transportation and acring the environment rfo CO2 emissions to prvenet global heating .
In Coslada Cit Council , people wle information about taking the environment .
The city council has developed seevral cmapaigns to improve the awareness of these ictziens . For example , children learn at school how to separate the waste .
Three ra major ecological ilsand .
Each of them had three or four kinds of bins and the aer was as ra as t hundred metres .
There have been sveera planting campaigns to plant tees na to lcena teh river Jarama side .
Nevertheless , it is nevr enough , because od 's ownesr th hte haev most of the blam .
Sniec 2008 , three er nay ibek pash across the city , so the citizens will be able to vaoi the car and they will emit less iar pollution .
The organi waet is picked up every day and plastic and paper is picekd up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Oru lpane is in such a difficult situation that we ha to solve the problem .
A problem which wsa causde by us , human beings , with htier target of making money without thinking of the fefect .
My family is very consciou of this problem , so we made an effort to solve it .
We suuall use public transport , which ah a great uqaltiy in the tiy I li .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the prize is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we have several bisn which rae clsaified according to the material we want to reyclce .
Moreover , we nu an organization which pays people w rbnig us teh materila to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizatoin which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to ird of , such as totles or appesr .
She is able to do usch beautiful jewellrey tha lots of epopl aer following eh !
It shows that this ikn of things cna have a second lfi .
As soo as hte last revr ensd ht soutehrn bodre of Egypt is he .
hte Nile river is the origni of eh nacien geypitan civilization that counts ovre 6 thousand years .
All sitorians , research , scientists agree with this .
na as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kin of the river icivlization amon the huge desetr ashraa .
Al ovre the item the Nile is the lny source of wtae fro geytpians .
Furthermore , elevtaion of the water level on the river helps people to realize the posisiblity of developing eh area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians call their country ' Blac Land ' to mrak it fof of th er soi of deser .
Nowadays , de and wed vallye of the Nile believe the omst ipmortant transpotr ilen fro geypt .
Through the centueis people have been exploring the nature of t Nel .
The ancient Egyptians idvided the year between three seasons copmaerd to dry or wet period .
They know when it would be the ' rgeen inle ' or ' Red Nile ' to sto up iwht lcean water .
But such a high level of development of Egypti civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
T great number of dams wree iult on the river that caused the disappearnig of a lot of alnts dn naimasl .
Anyway , a lot of Egypitans still living ra rfom th ma wtaer aretry of the country a hardly can nid the lcea water to drink .
But I hope , as long as geytp becomes developing the government will pay attention to hte environmental problems at that high level .
Weh most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of the Duomo , in Imlan .
tu eh udoom is not hte mo ioprtant .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colsoseum .
Fro centureis thsi building h been the symb of thi tiy .
It qui ancien , but still fascinating to the tourists who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roamn emperor .
It is used for shows with animals or animals who are killed without piyt .
Moreover , nayv wras were repersented in rode to celebrate Orman ramy .
It is ruin htrouhg the ages , but wo people understand the imporatnce and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it ermembers oru sat na o traditnos , which we should n't forget .
Hoveer to lal people aer aawre of it .
It 's our serngth and every time I go boynd I realize how much people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us unedsrtand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In tihs afst movign world , tranpsort has become an important fatco for everyday activities .
Everbyody neesd a mode of tranpsrot to earn their daily ilving .
There is no point in saiygn public transport h no future .
rtavellnig through car is a convenient mode of rtansport , but most of the population can n afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for lal lcass of people in osciet .
Varie of buses are released by the government in order to eme people 's financial conidtions .
Using public transport is a tem waste and no pviacy to some of the disadvantages .
Simialrly rtavleling by c has its own advantages and disadvantages .
veeryobdy can afford a travel htroguh ac as it is costly , but to idscsus the benefits , one can enjoy ihg pirvacy during travel and is conevninet
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To mu up iwth it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because obht hsa equla advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think the atpiei is too crwoedd .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a covnenient metorpolita system .
However , during the urhs hru , there are always a ruin person who has no pbulic awareness at all .
Thye occup ot amny setas , including prioirty setas .
Furthermore , mots of them rae students .
They do n't resepct other apssenegrs , they keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have tlo ehm to to do tsi .
Moreover , I think that prvodie teh aet to edlesr is also a problem .
Priority seats , a pseerved to htose hwo ene , not on ledesr but al smoe adults need it .
Somehow , ont all of tme acn oyu ideitfy whether the boidse efle ucnomfortalbe emreyl from their appearance , which leads to some misundesrtanding between them .
osme epolpe even lbmae them ofr ehy occupy teh sest instead of off the se .
omreovre , osme lo people owlud take tihs cosniderative catoin for granted and they woul eev ocmmand young dault or students fofer thri seat iwthout mannesr !
In my opinion , the trnasportatio in our city has nothing to criticize eepct .
Everyone should edvelop eh waareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depne on television for entertainment , entertainment , news and iflms .
TV has many benefits :
Firstl it enables young people to shaer culutrla experiences with others .
TV acn acts as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getti boosk on th sma subjects or readgn authors hwose work was adapted from the programs .
etleivsion acn etach kids importan avlues and life lessnos .
Eudcatinoal programmnig cna develo uong children 's coialization and learning ksills .
News , current events and historical programming cna lep maek yonug people mor aware of oteh culture na ppole .
Documentaries na ehlp develop critical thinking about osciety and the world .
TV ac ehlp nirtoduce youth to classic Hollyowod films and foreign movies that ehy might n otherwise s .
ucltural porgarmming ac opens up the world of music and of oynug epople .
B teelvsiion hev also negtaiev effecst : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television ge elss exericse .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Televisio also takes aw from family time .
This is also tur fro families hw eta in fnot of the television .
I dael wti cosnulting and slaes of financail prodtcs and services to an international bank , in the mass - marekt and small - busine .
I ofllow eh relatoinsihp iwt customers orm acquisitio to advise nutli the reailzatoin of contracts , building and maintaining relationships aetr - sales in teh ami of custmoer satisfcatoin
I also worked with large and small aems in the back - office , managed many administrative activities erlated as mortgae , persona olasn , cnoatbility and investments .
I worekd f several years to the acquisition of new customers , to porvied tehm with a cmopltee service , from teh acconut to insarnce products , investment producst , personal loans , revolving rcedi , and crso - selling products .
In my years of work I have honed my skills in managing on - satndadr situaitons , analyzing the problems , searching and implementign practical and eas solutinos .
no - standard situations , anaylzing the problem , finding and implemneting practical and easy solutions .
I have fac sveera situations always work with seerniyt and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the tea in which I work , cooperatnig with colleagues to achieve the goals by proivdnig my skills , always willing to learn , repsecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I worked for the same algre company for 25 years , n is the time to change a nid new job opportunities .
Nede to wor my husband sa been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin my family .
I like sports such as skiing , riidng and swimming . I 've already got a rescu licence . I worked as a lfieguadr in the usmemr tsuyding fo t patent padi dive master .
Nowayas we all hope that public transport will save the owrld .
When we ee all these cars in ru yards , when we st in traffic , we think that no d we iwl have to lvi our ac dn use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wkae up in the immortal trfafi ajm .
B , Probably , this situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a l of innovations in this area .
For instance , Google reported about Gogolemobil .
Maybe , robots will be able to rdiv mor msart people .
If they contact aec tohe adn u Gogolmeap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the orads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic mas .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobiel .
Som epopel htin , it mihgt take awya thei nidependence .
B another of people think that it is a bad idea , because they will be able to dirnk in spite of the fact that they ra drivers at their momtn .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anywya .
An epopel Oh hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which group of people have more impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
idd you think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polygto ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are we reasons wchi show oyu why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to rtave to another country , it is absolutely useful to pseka olcal languag , it makes uor tpi omr esay and ocmfotrable .
Second , fro fnidign a good job opportunity , the business ehcange is increasing in intrenatoianl level . If you psea a foreigner lnaguaeg , certainly it adds some value to your rpfoile dn you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same yuo you also get to know its culture , g to know a different culture and society different than you , it nerichse your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we ca easily tell you that our environment is changing severely .
Myn scientists infer that people 's liev lives changed dramatically in the xet 50 years because of uhmnas ' gredey .
Humans are always desier to have a more convenient and comfortable life , ubt forget to rpotect and cheris th Eart at the same time .
High - technology countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
avriou factories eti excessive carbon idoxid in the air .
All hte examplse baove will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature neahnce , the worse the living quality is .
If people orund the world could n't put mroe emphasi on our viing places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the lcimate change , the weather is so h that people could even have a water shortage .
Lisng neough waetr suplpy , people 's children will become weak and ruogh .
In this lviing situation , instead of laughetr and happiness , there will be mro figth , htaerd and sadness .
veeryone lives in despair , but ac nto ifn the etnranec to brihgtness .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied ehart .
Finally , from now , let us be ht emmbers to proetct dn take acer of our Etrh !
It was dangerous , but I knew I da to do it .
Th udnercovered rok is very hard , not sut bceaus you will owrk with dangreosu people . The really dangerous thing is if you get idscovered .
Wehn people know that they were deceived , htat they trust were rbokne , heads will ro .
He has to be precies , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for th cause is ht k to survive .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
De Sir or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguadr assistant which I swa advertised .
For the last two years I have joined eh wsimmnig gorup at the Uinevrsity .
I managed to succeed in many copmteitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suiatlbe cnadidate fo these ops , considering the swimmign skills I ahve .
On t ohte han I completed my first aid course , in the de Cross .
hte ojb would give me the opportunity to sue all the exeprienc I have gained from what is mor . It would proved me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should requir futrhre information .
I am available to attend an itnervie at your convenienec .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernádnze
In o omdern wrold , many people suffer from stress that psirng from life conditoisn .
In addition to this , people work in a very stressful workplace and they nat to leave rfom this company in holidays .
Therfeore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew eh slu and revvie the spirit of people .
On holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can spend more time when they rfiend a family .
In this respect , maybe people pfeer to go antura places with their families in order to forget about bda situation in tier lievs .
ro exampl , awlkin in the sesaide or wsimming in hte s can be helpful to roget hard ilfe conditions .
In the hadn , holidays bes f people in etrms of thinking clearly about their experiences about life .
oeple na review their decisions in holidays mro acucrate na helpful .
Fo instnace , in strsesful ilef conditions , people can make b edcisinos for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplace .
The reason is that people umst complate their tassk in order to gain more money to maintian their ilves and they forget about seeing emotional feleigns such as loev , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly sne that in holidays people ar gettnig clsore and they remember their fleings .
For example , people mete their relatives they they see for a lon tmi .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to neew their spirts and suols .
They can pray to God dn it gives relief to people .
When people ermembre ehse emtoional and spiritual subejtcs they become mor hayp . Because people need to laev the amterila world .
In ohildays , people have tim to rivew their mistakes that lead to stressful level .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and srtessful lief conidtiosn .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to reivev eh psirit and t soul because people have a chance to move waa omdren lfie hta has full of material subjects .
Ccyling to shcoo , to rok or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of gi cities such as Madrid or Valnecia , are tyring their ebst to promote this movemen because they consider it a work of development .
On the noe nad , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces rtafifc mas , niose and pollution , as well as loewr C2o emsision .
Furthermore , it turns o to be the uqickets mehto of trasnoprt .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the inrcease of adnger on the roads .
Staitstcially cycling is generally consdierde to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting ew when it rains , having to do a lot of efofrt to cycle into a stron win , freezi weath or having to keep drinking high high weathre .
In my point of view , cycling conirbutes to imporv cmomuinty psriit and it is possible to ook more solutisn to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deyn that driving by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking AC do n't need to spne tiem waiitng ofr th ub or subw .
And this undesirable time might be so short during holidays , ude to less frequent schedule .
Also , we cna drev a car to Ayn Lpac where the public transport pehrpas is no abel not erahc .
With the bus was crowded , we had to sit , making us more xehausting epsecialyl for a long distance .
veen though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by mobile transport should ont be ngeelcted .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more bulic transport passegners use , the less cra exhausts are eimtted per person .
Recently , several tsuides have shown evidence that three is a strong relatoi between car exhausts and nug cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important orle in protecting human beings from sffering of diseases and saving ilf .
Second , public transport saves city pscaes .
As more and more people hcosoe to lev in cities , nowadays uo cities become larre and more crowded .
addition , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that everyone ictizen owns a car and uses it arthre public transport for everyday travelling chacne , I suppoes that ru stretes would become a parking place and everyone would waste more time in congesting .
alst but ont the least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Teh drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tees psiirt .
ro a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating bo or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages to public transport , it does not mena that public tarnspotr is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it ofefrs less flexibility tha casr , and is the environment frienld ahn bicycles .
Theerfor , it is unreasonable to conlcued that no transport can rpelaec others .
It is better that people are aware of thri rpos a cons and choose a fit one .
Languages ofr ht fuutre
hsuold learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to veelop their sikll and customers .
I think there are many reasons to learn language .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel abroad the rod with the language abroad .
Aos in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian . became something essential and very important in our lives to ifdn a j .
I think a rgaet idasdvantage is the price of hte coues .
laos I consider that it tends to be hard and tkaes time away from doing nay other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying naguages because it will be rpofitabiilty in the future b to achieve it they will have to be motvitaed and to nejo learning .
rua franicsco xaive nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Cmasp ,
I am writing in rsepnose to oyu advertisement for a j .
I have a part - time job as a babby - sitter and I take acr of my 11 years lod rbother ver fotne .
I owrekd in an Esater camp too and I have arlead rpeapred of ativities , like " arpepl " , paintball ...
That is one of the reasons I think I have the skills for th jbo .
I can be contacted of a meteing in the above adderss .
I hope you consider me for the job , Rordigo
Today , I went to my Wnnie 's ohm with Adriana in teh Fateronon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting gmaes altogtehre .
We had a great tim .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnei 's home .
First , we listened to soem songs , such as Almos and Gi Big world .
After twenty minutes , we had tea .
Winnie levs eatin a lot , so I can saily find mcu ofod at h ohme .
We had mouth- watering tsrawebrry cakse a juice and juice for eta dn they were extremely yummy .
After hvaing te , we played hide - a - see altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a benhc and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie lel over a little snoe .
Darinaa and I immediately came to re na hold h up . '
Yoru 's knee is lbeedign .
Ra you oka'I asked .
I sa shaking like a leaf and my heart is poundnig since I w worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnei replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana bought a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside a slied happiyl .
I ftl glad today altohuhg Winnie hurt herself .
hwy ?
It is because ru friends is more strange .
Wha an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
ohus of the future will be big and brgith .
Inside will be flul of conveniences .
Big space will be divided into zones .
Relaxation 's , lraning 's , iktchen 's zones and so on .
In the house of uftuer there will be automaci curtains recatin to lhgt in every house .
television will be cordles , as this means as at present Interne .
veery house will be lfexibl .
htansk to that it acn xepadn or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swmiming is my favourite sport .
Wyh do I liek swmimign ?
Wel , wsimmin has always been an Olympic opportunity . It is an individual sport so it depends etnirely on the wsmimer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any aeg but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimmign has different points ; dolphin , crawl , backstorke a berast storke .
Swimming as a psrot is very useful in iweght erdutcion if you ra oebse nad ne to reduec your weight . It is laos the best sport for asthamtic patients because it strengtnes the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respirtaroy infetcions .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of you aeg .
Hello apu ,
I enjoyed helipgn at hte cocnert hwihc sa in Anatay in Cotober .
I ah a great time wit poelpe woh rae working as a hleepr fo t ccnert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In th ocncer time al people ca neojy but nbood think about how they are rpepraing to cocnetr .
I saw so many interestign things during the period item .
For example , they know everybody about each helper 's job , but at the same , they are just concerned won subcets .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
At the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the ocncetr just do your bo which owuld be given .
When we wre arrannig another plan we amd work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started edsign t tsag , some of them checked songs ' volume and laughed .
My jo sa check songs list which signers wolu perofmr .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They ewer workers wanted to chagne some songs which wsa on their list .
At the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody must be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
The Finally concert stayed and all the lights ewr shiinn like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird whic flying freely .
Of course I da som pain in my elgs because ll eh time I w tsanding .
Howeevr , I like to be a volunteer on enjoybale proejcts .
I want to ivnit you to our xet ocnecrt which will be next month . If you have yn itme please come and see h we rae preparing for the concert .
I am writing to your email .
See oyu !
Technology is changing the way we live in man ways and how we receive and es information is probably the most affected .
Rgearding advertisements , technology is a huge , and no lawyas positive impcat on other advertisements .
From black - and - whtie adsd posde in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor adds lpaced in every available and iamgianble spo .
rfo building with enormous and bright screens to interactive and stop sgisn .
T ercent development in mobile technology always adevrtisers to offer personalized publciity to aech of us .
I''m rue th in the ver near ufutre . If I been looking for restaurants in Mallroca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to wro the adds on the buses I will see which , of course , will be sceresn and nto printed paepr - will swo imase of Mallorc , or an add rfo triapdvisor with Mallroc in it .
It will suti me sometimes , and it will never be useful , btu I 'm las usr sometimes I will find it agersive .
eh aw it feles aggressive to enter a suqrae or plaza in my town and ifnd it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or arittsic the pictures displayed there .
Adveritsemnet mhgt be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but lpacde on the wrong spo or showe at the wrgn ti htye loose they ratsitic sid .
tu , technology is hre fo bes or rost , na we have to learn to deal with it the bts we cna .
If I could change one thing in my lef , I would like to change my shoes .
I 'd like to have a bi - edtacehd house in the sububs of Artem or Vladivosot .
So that I can live more frele and independence .
If I had this house , I would set it in modern style .
I woul bui ther fitnss gmy , wardobe -oro , swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to qeuip a barbecue era in my garden .
I could inivte my friends and erltaivs .
Together we uold spend itm in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favourite sports , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a mtser of it , which osudns very challenging .
When I am stressed off , I always try to release my pressure .
If you are a bgeinenr of tenin , my advice is that you ene to get a suitable rcokte for you first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you need to get the right otols first to work on it .
Next , you are required to elanr veer basic skills step by step .
isnce Tenins reuqires lots of bsai siklls . If you do n't learn these important technical slolw and tseaidly , you m get hurt during the practice .
Finally , fniding a good teacher is also critical .
A skield coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have teter television than a few decadse GA ?
Do we have enough choic in the csree ?
Can you imagine having only wto channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of changes hit our houses in the eighties .
In this eroprt we will ese osem characteristics of today 's television .
Numeb of hcannels are gradually reducing
In our country a decade ago , when digital TV arirvde , a lot of channels flourished .
Al TV tried to get several licences to distribute their sohw .
In order to reoslev moe deficits budgtes , today there ra maiyl two TV groups .
Less changes means els hcocies .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs lss money and you can choose exactly the mometn , where a wiht who watcihgn ihs or that televison rporgam .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You just check on it .
They have to reduce their budte
Desptie of changing channels we see the smae news .
B Broadcast groups are used by lal of them .
It is expensive to keep jorunalists a camrea la around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with an Intern .
Nowaadys oln national or international broacdast groups can be in the match .
Perhpas politacl reasons help to maintani such a big deficit .
However , the fatc is that there is a countodwn on them .
Dera Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in teh neswppaer and I am writing to explain an ietrest
to join yuo personal group on a trip around the owrdl .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am known for travelling .
With several rtpis to many countries I have maed utnil now , I would say that I have arlaedy osm experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in the ion oyur group , because I like meteing enw people from other countries and I would like to exlpore en conutries around the world .
For ne years I have been in a scuot group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a ya or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitabl to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventur .
I loo ofrward to heargn orm uo .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I aen , not only the English language but las to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will put up osem money to ehl me .
But I wanna find a job to help hi with the bills .
na oy gev me a nad on it ?
Oy ac als help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you fi a small apartment nea Cambridge University when I 'll studying English for 5 omnhts .
Thanks for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bets wisse
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to senig you .
First of all , you should get out of the airport etrminal .
htere you will es bus statoin in hte srteet .
When you te there kae t ubs whcih ah numbre 1 .
hten ride to the bus stop " lzčín " .
There you can get to the underrgound station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this wa , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you we will we emet xeactyl .
But if I were you I would take an atxi because t undergronud is qiute boring , but it is hcaeper .
Anyway , you have to get to the cetner . I 'll iat ro yo tree .
Finally , the weather forecsat for next month looks pleasant as it is usu at the ti of Eyar .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to s you Osno .
Be wihse ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to restaurants because all people eed a relaxing moment ro doing work better than bferoe .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of fo we want to ae .
Actually , students eat too fast while they stay at university , because they do n't have anything to do today . For these reasons , I think that the EBS restaurant is something ehn they do hom - amde food . a good idea is more main course : baked pottaoes , steade evgetables adn ro dessert aplpe cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we might choose a special restaurant . I like a charimng and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white cahi , tables wll , more or less a real environment , but the atmosphere is very important for dinner nad I think that we must vot this , ebcuase we will have a good night or n depending ht pye of atmospehr we chooes .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak aobu boo , work and study , wlie with this type of environment we can psea about us , our family , our hobbeis and all people get to know we something about othre mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollyowod .
I love the food there and I ihnk my classmates too .
You ca it the ebst burgers uo have vere aetne .
Tehy a incredibly delicious .
I do know ho do they amk and oco hte .
These burgers are my favourite , because they are amazing .
I cna not sya h they are because you have to taste tehm .
It is a lfaovur similar to tsa in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant na you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouht and a gorgeous smile on your face .
You will awn to co another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can e whatever you want of American food and you will egt the same fatnasitc opinion as a person who has eaten another ael .
Public transport is an important roel in our modern daily life .
Mroe thna a billion people use buses , txai 's and trains etc as tourists , of WKR , meetnig relatievs , gion to school etc .
Many eev use acsr .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
aht is wyh because the cost of petr , diesel and gas is iute ihgh in most of the uontries of the rold .
Wihl travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in follwoign ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on eptrol .
2 .
As they have specific rtues caross the country , towns , ict and villages , it hpls people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or vee inside the cyt etc .
I disagree with the statement satted above because in the future we would like to have only two classes in science , t irch a eh opro .
The middle class is idsappeairng and becoming scarce d by day .
It is because of high taxes on ogod .
So , I believe etiher we will have uplbic transport or poepl er gion to be as the weer in ht otne aeg .
Public tarnsport is good for our environment rather than acsr .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Som of them think that books are more interesting than film evrsions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
First , reading helps to welcome a well Eudctaed Peros and give an ahnce to develpo nkowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , obkos devolps imagination of the reader .
Wh you are reading a picture of what is happening in your imn .
Yuo ac imagine how heroes look Liek . Yuo ac imagine different views , where the action atkse lpcae .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your bko with you and start redaign time you want .
On hte hter han , if you liek being in a company t set aw for you is mvoies .
Because you ca watch it with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like suodntracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but these factosr are too important for me .
I suppose that books rae better th ehm ifml versoin .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl wa walking hmo oen dya .
She was with her mu ..
S sa just a oyun beuatfiul girl !
So , they will go ho wh they gir notcide a cut doll in a shop .
She had blond hri na eh wa wearing a bule dres , high gloves and black shoes .
Just like hre ... ''mu I love this doll!Could y bye it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't dney to ehr , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl was so ma special mother with her doll!!They looked so adorable toegthe!They were like twins !
After some years , the gi decided that eh hda to move .
She was eighteen years old , s h to be independent .
So she took a deep breath na upt her dlo in the attic just like her childhood emmorise .
At night we heard so crepey noises from there ...
hse went the and thera aw the doll with a knife in her hnad.''Bell , why do n't lpa iwt me anyomer?ra you bornig of me?Jts because I have only o eye?But you removed me eh other o .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But yuo idd it again!''she scrmaed .
And hten ...
The next day , going to her home re mu wanted to ifdn her daughter .
So , s went upstairs ...
T girl had a knif in her kneck and on her lal there was a sentence ddi you leave me taht ya ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
Juts yuo have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of prices to pay .
You need a good pai of seos , a tennis rkcet a some balls and perosn hwo lpa with .
Although you might be good at playing bcakhand or ofrehadn , you can les only .
This sport is not just about physical power .
uo suppsoe to ues yoru rbai as ewl .
It is a combination of physcial power , technique and emntal power .
As th other soprt , tennis is getting more modern , faster and commercial .
I mae professional etnins .
Some children wanted to pay tnensi because of money or glory .
Sem of them parctise etnnsi because of their parents .
It is n fia enohg .
hclidren should play agmes , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical heatlh and so on .
You ca start if you ra grwon up anyway .
It is never oto alet .
Eitre you can find a professional coach or just contact your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear rms Kate Asyb ,
My name is Andrea occci , I 'm isxteen , and I saw an advertisement for hte weekend wo in yo caf , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m the pefrect chioce for tihs work , in AFC , I 'm niteersted in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and ofr us food is everywhere .
In Italy , I attend school fro iater and cook , and sometimes I coo lasagna , past , pizz and man other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at edailng with people . In afraid siec when I was younger , I did the animato at the summre camp of Lapignano , the city ehre I ilvde , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theate companies a I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , even if I do n't know them .
At hte edn , I 'm always prepared to work olgn hours , when I work with my aunt in his cafe . I worked from eight a.m. until I lastde at 9 p.m. . It wa difficult b I did it ll days .
I look forward to hearing orm yo oson ,
nadera Cocci
Essa
In today 's sesa I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really wtrh leaivng your own country for a period of time to study negilsh ?
It is true that iong abroad na ope enw point of ivews aobtu your own listening rpcoess .
Talknig with English and saekers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge oh well or daly you are doing .
Besides , it ca be fun and ejnoyabl if you plan it rpoperly .
However , y lil ahev to psen a considarble amount of money in it and you will not be assuerd to achieve your goal at all , so it would become a real nightmare if you are n focus on your elarnnig tasks .
From my pnit of ive I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some omeny save of it .
But if you do to , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
oy can even talk with native speakers by using some Caht oroms onlnie such as Sikep and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I ah tried a l of sports , handball , swimming , etnnis , but my favourite sport is no en of those . It is a sport that I have never imagined : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , ont ro rils , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play ofotblal I id it with my classmates , who were all oby , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , smoe years ago , they starte to intergtae me wehn tehy play , and nowadays , I love pyaing football with them .
Now , moe wom and I started to organize female matches , so I am omre used to playing with girls . I never iamgine that I was going to be so keen on football , but no it taeks rat of my lief .
I think fotoabll is a very exciting sptr , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should ekpe in mni if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive som pucnhse .
I recommend you a gaet restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
St Naem is " The English oevn " , and it 's a fantastic tarditoinal and modern restaurant with British food .
The secret is excellnet a t waitre rae so lpeaasnt na gnetle .
The interior is big , so lal the class could sit inside without problems .
hte decoration is omder dn zoy , a it 's to soem rgea traditional British objecst .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always more tasty than frse .
I gto a lot of idfferetn dishes , traditional and modern .
He ha also to a lot of different ytpse of saalds , pas and pizazs .
hte daughters are very good oo .
They 've got original ones , kie sewet pizza , na traditional .
Theer is an ibg vraeity of IEC creams .
Thi restaurant is not expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we na eg there by bu or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on hte ned of the ocures , so we could book osme talbes as oso as possibl because a lot of people usually go there .
During their whole life , famous people , such as politicinas and film stars , mdeai accomapnying them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their o fie , without photographign .
In en hand , becmoin a public person sasocaite with jornalts , amss - meid , falshse .
Famous people are obligated to porvid their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
Notice na iknd of afilurse .
It seems to me that journalists should be absolutely txoci adn teh ahve deefctvie infulence on osicety which assess celebrities through the prsim of journalistic domuentary .
On the other hand , nay of stars slod their privacy to get more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are conute in the amonut of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all oev the world , are ilvign from people wh do n't rbing in the length their lives .
It has always been very useful for a nog itm gao , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport wa usppressed , and society wlud asv a lot of money .
However , people should thin bauot the lareg disadvantages , such as : epople save money ; it is extremely ocmfortabel to go to the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people do n have a tehy enough to travel or commute to another place and a acr is very expensive .
Cars need to be repiared ; besid , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is a global awrmin because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you es hte public transport , you ca be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transportation .
Finally , the last reason is ht ocfmort because you ha a ra ; it is so difficult to find a cra park in the center of the city .
Besides , in some cities , ca can be prepared in some places , such as : the old icyt a the city certe .
Summi up , epople rae waaer of global warming and think about the high cost of having a c .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my cra is sut used if I rtave around the corner .
We are living in a changing world .
Toda 's new thin become things of pats in a few months .
Ta an eaxmpel of movie technology , the latest handset , with latse configurations becomes outdated within a few months after ubying it .
50 years is a really long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , eh imptrant opin to discuss wuodl whether it will be a positive change or negative one .
In the last 50 years , icence and technology oto rgea leaps , intnret , mobilse made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at finger - tpi .
Today , we do n't nde to wroyr about getitng olts at new pla , Google amp er always there to help .
We need nto to cr English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobile .
Mteing new people or selilgn uor prodcut , you do n't want to cae aynoen , eveyrthing can be maange through a virtual platfroms .
Today ru lise hev ceome much more comfortable htan psat , thanks to progress mnakidn hsa maed in technology .
On teh hter hnad a number of terrroism , global warming and gered became top cahllenges of today 's world .
Clmiate changes due to global warming caunig ntauarl diasstres on and tne .
Terrorits catviities cuasing havoc in public life .
Corruption a greed of people in power mkaign it difficult to truts people 's leaders .
If these challenges are n addressed in coming years , making better lives for people in 50 years hence is arhter difficult .
We need to remember technology is ujst a tool , on the right ahnd it would be a boon for us , on wrong ahnd it would destroy the world as we ese it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian igrl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I saw your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " Tah 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Pehrpas , you 're wondering yh I should be the irgth person .
That 's soon iad .
I 'm motviatde , flexible and oepnmnided epsron and I had a lot of experience in this field as lel .
I 've worked as an oscail rtaine and as an eductaor since I was 16 .
I lvo iong social cativiites and palnning even .
When I worekd as an educaotr , I used to plan and magae some sports for outdoor activities .
I had very great memoires of these experiences and I would really like to lev Tehm again .
If you are interested , please look a look at my CV .
As you asked , I attached it in this mail .
Best regards .
Persoanll , mobile phones are very important in my fie .
I need that device near me because I have three ihldren and I want to know ohw and where they aer .
eh said about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they like me to talk about their ehalht .
Cocnerinng video - gems , I agre with scientits htta htey thought ti help children 's bari to dveelpo . btu is an important control thme because htere rae a l vioeltn games .
However , there are brilliant maes for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or googl information and also connect with other teachers , sepak baou corusse and exchange information .
ifnall , I think technological development makes us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a shaodw alway beside you .
In the tmi of joy and sororw .
Nothing is impossible in life tu no doubt it is to say to fin isncer friends .
It does n't mean you will never find one .
It is important to inetrac and socialise with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the easier it will be for you to find a friend .
When you find one sepn site with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
rfeinds do not have to agree on everything y as tu htye hsoudl hsare their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Y uold fidn a variety of artilces such as policis , business and money , sports , cutluer , education , Lfi adn sytle , travel , the weather and the Evnironmetn .
There are plenty of advertisements for bos a donatino to help individuals .
redaer are able to express their opinions freeyl .
htey is a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As reusl , it is usitable for students to learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were disadvantages .
of example , it is ont suitable for children to official language . There were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which amke ht readers broe .
Ovearll , The Gaurdain is considered one of the best newpspaers in the world .
Nowadsy , in a modern and progressive world where people are samrt na econmoy very highly developed .
People think that we need tablet computers instead of obkos
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading a newspaper , I notice that dagets become very useful for you lfi . see to me ogod opportunities to make our lives more easily .
Al it mkae us more clever .
I am convinced that usni talbet compuetrs in our everyday life is rather good .
Poelpe do nee to carry a olt of bokos in a b . .Pup could not say tah he letf a boko because he h ll ooks in his tablet computer .
osm people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is uesless tihgn f o generation .
Such people are sru that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on on using tabltes at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at work I use books because I like to smile and to talk the ppaer of books .
I go on argee with people who think that tbalets are useless .
We should sue it but we are muts ont forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should ke aberast of new technology and try to mkae ru livse esaie
The Big Mistake
This ya was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told mi that she was pregnant .
She was so hpap about this ensw and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the mmoetn when seh to him that she is rpegnant , he just froze .
It was too much for hmi .
He thought it 's aesier to walk waay and aovid the conversation with ehr .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird oh amny questiosn and doubts acme up on hi hae .
One part of him was really happy , because being a father is one of his biggest dreams , but on eh ohte hadn he could n't handle this news .
The woman who stands next to him is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be ahpyp and hug ehr and celebrate this good news .
B moehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't hdnle the feelin , ehn hs tired of touching mi , kissing and hugging ih .
He nkwe th she loev mi as much as he olves her , btu everything wa jsu too wrong at the moment .
Her voice , smile and veen body wa to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when thye had a conversation with aobu ikd and his family and he said that he would like to have iksd with her .
An now , he just avoids ehr and he is not happ about the news .
It was a big emss .
She wa mroe what happened and he could n't handle the news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much of him .
He stood up and said to his grilfriedn that he eneds a bre and he has to be anoe .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had mad a mitsaek .
To the beignning I am going to talk about what my lvoely spotrs and how I will enjoy the sport .
In aftc , I do n want to do some sports during the time , but if I erall ne do moe exercises then I like to go swim in the swimming polo .
First , I think , swimming pool is clean .
Such as afte swimming aht I have a safe and a btarhoom to take hswoer .
Seocndly , I do to lki to go to baech . thi is because I do not like big sun and nad .
Tihr , siwmmign in the ocaen is most dance .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool drunig eh usmmer .
Actually , I do know how to iwm tu . It is my favourite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think beroe any kind of sports that we hsuold do soem exrecises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous when we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my point is I do ont like to do any sports but we have to choose on iknd of sport in our lives and although all people ne to do it , as we ca not stay at home or work all the time .
Eevn you really do not liek to do exercise htat you can go to hsop .
The purpose of ihs report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in ru tonw to protect the environment as the main means to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cacrese is located in a paster area whree local farmers have breednig shee , cows and gis ofr ecnturies in spite of eh ahrd waether condioins such as high tepmeratuers and terrbile druohgt in smumer .
As a result , our ware resources are difficult to preserve and it is lcearyl necessary to maintain active cpmaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of a rtaoinal of it .
eh local goevrnmnet is laos taknig stron action on creating green areas in dfifeernt plcae in or aorund ht two where citizens ac spned htei rfe time or ene do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are n parks or ercreatoinal areas .
ifnall , the town has also improved the management and treatmen of the awste system with the creative cooperation of many of the citizensh Oh is extremely concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fcat , around 90% of Caceers inhaibtants are said to sort and recycl their rbbish taking it to the yellow , rgeen and Blu containers in every rteet .
A tta is the ngeatvie pion . these dumpsetr are too visilb in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for undreground onse .
I koe up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about ladnscapes , and eh ones htat do it will reawr a obuns potn but always htsi is n't important information .
I searched my fmail in the house and there was no one in the house , juts me .
I am a bti scarde so I seacrh htem outside in the streets .
I did n't knwe that a mob was on the tiy and killed amlost evernoe , nwo I had to find my partners .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because the area where I live is a very poor area and it 's that beautiful , so I ca n't disitgnuish were eos the exploison hti .
Fnialyl in osm dsy I found some neighbors with so food . I wsa stravign to dtah so I ate a lot .
We made smoe incentives baotu laws , but it sa a tola conflict , because the rgopu noticde some foo sa mssing somewo .
I think the osmeone drags some of the foo on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gon na try to enforc teh laws .
In the enx omrning I ate a piece of steka and the group was talking about some creautres when we walking around to kll and ea us .
In the night I was thinking about many thin ju when I heard some noises .
I atlked hi and it semeed that this guy has a hpm .
I sotpm ih a when he turned around it was a woman from eh group .
We ewr talking baotu this when a dog ujst cam nea ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the tohesr but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw the beast eating oru friends food .
In soem ways that we robebd th food in the night a I awek up it aw ogod for my service .
tu if I had the opportunities to reverse the trend of h am I going I would not do it because I have to face ll of tihs .
DOING EXCERCISE IS OgO OfR YOURE HEALT
hwy do you have to exericse ?
What ebnefits do you botain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Meixc do n't practice any type of exercise ? That is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 of which Mexico is the country with the obese in the world .
Doin exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you efle well with your lef and your body .
There 's a lot of ebnefist that come in ahnd iwth doing exercise li erducin or tkae control of uo re weight . It helps you with heart disease , porbelms wti y re bo , dn las y cna make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nwo Nowadays there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice na sports , lki soccer , bsakebtall , baselal , or you can simply go to the Yg or do crossfit or osmething like htta .
Soccer 's a great picture where you can make a lot of friends . You can stay fit , but you also ne some skills because it 's nto say to control t bll and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to do any sports you li dn enjoy ever escnod you spend exercising .
htank na start now , y wo n't forget it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much roe ocnveneint ?
Maybe disadvantages of public transport are disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
Tsi compositon will explain the two different opinions .
ifrstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Asl , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , y have a of comfort and safety .
There is a perception that a car can give you the rfeedom of convenience .
On the wesbite of The Scottish Government ( publication " Yuon people an tranpsort " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy explains « - I prfeer gion in t car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as myn pepoel raound uo ... I play the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although teh rae amyn positive points about private cra , htey rae als negative ones .
Inedde , cra icnreases th pollution , you have traffic conegsiton , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then you own a ac dn look after your ca , insurance , t , etc .
Obivously it would benefit me if I wkred in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» asys a 17 - 22 yea o yo .
, Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't ap any fees on public transport , but also , it is asfe ,
According to The Saigon Times , three aer ol of traffi accdients hwich occrured to private ras .
The ami eraosn is the casr ' owne ar drunk when driving .
It is clear aht if they too a UBS or a taix wne they were rdakn , they would not have as many customers .
Finally , amyn developed factories in the world , such as England , Ameirac , Cnaada , Japan and so on , have built a public tranpsort system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been icnraesing .
Fr this analysis , it isobviuos that rtavellin by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you regret or disgaree " Always telling th rtuth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth is the most important point in a relationship , which is my opinion .
Evne thought being truthful is crucial in relationships , always telling something would be considered as hurting others ' feelings is unwise .
Antoehr reaso for nto tleling teh ttuh la ht tmi is if it is abuo personal matetr and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or th employees .
It is better to etl a little white lie at th mometn .
To further illustrate the first point above , it could hurt one 's efeilngs by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some womna you are acqunited wearing inappropriate clothes ont fit the occasion .
People usually tend not tleling re hte turth sinec it colu mka hre feelings .
Inseta of dion so , epople ma praise eh wtih otehr htings on her .
In that csa , hte oculd still make conversoins without boilign her moo .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to kpe it private iscne Most of the time it is tsarnge na niappropriate to atlk oneself too umc to people at work or even people that one ujts ogt acquainted .
If there are questions about things o do ont awtn otehr people to know , they might say a little whtie lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I had a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer otre epolpe rfmo asknig details about it by saying that I just da moe ernads to r .
These are my opinions on tellgn the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towarsd teh doro .
Michael lcosed teh doo and kenw at eh omemnt he made a mistake .
Because of this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I do n't understand why we endeed to meet the headmaster just because Mhcael h closed his doro .
T door w n't break into pieces or lel draw .
My curiosity had pu me into a gi rtoubl .
I akse the headmaster in a polti w and ohpefully he acn gave me the answer I awtned .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoepd .
I ended up giving expleled from the school because teachers a the calssmtaes suspetced Michael and I stole Ru lcassamte - Sal 's wallet .
I cou n't imagine my teacher and friends also potned at us friml and would give any chance for us to speak out .
I fniall eralisde that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocen ones as we fell inot t trpa .
We iwepd o uor teacher , and waved our hands wehn we eltf teh school .
Although , en day later , teh headache found th turth through CcTV , b we refused to return to school and decided to hcang en school as we know even if we go back tihs time , something case could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a bisae imnsdet .
Dera SuA summre camps ,
My name is Bnaca Padovesi , and I vae erad oyru advertisement ro th jbo .
I think I am teh irhgt pers ofr tihs jo because , first , I am fluent in clear English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with littl ikds . I es to loo fater my nieces and nephews over the weekneds and they lvo spend time with me . Moreover , I am very eenrgteic , always aawke and ready to wo hdr .
Furthermore , I am evyr cretavie and it is a ood aspec of myself , as I can organise new and entertaining programs for the kids to have a great time .
I like doing puzzles or gmae whi ipmyl running , jmuping which ra pmortant fo eh kdis development .
I am very good at cooking , but because I never have item to dedica itm on that .
I think aht if I watch nad lenr hwo to do it I would lran vyr fats and acn domniate it .
That is an ogo quality of mni . I elar things rey fas dn I also ca ge esd to tihng .
I am very excited about Harry Bo and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
ady nbmer 8 .
We wer reday to go and find hte others . We went outside the shelter . We iult dn wrti in a wall near to the sheltre " safe zone " and if there was someone that needed supplise he would fi so supplie and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and gion in the ofrset . There were a lot of pests on oru . They were afraid gu that wer sick . We could n't do anything except ro . keep goin . I was seeing my little grpu to # diminish and so of us weer # allergci to some plants , I wa th only one that had no problem wi all ht tohe stuff pelpe had problems wtih .
I thought that maybe my genes weer actually immnue to the infection . I could actually be eh # revolutionary yu th hepl everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really psoitive about it ubt # nowtithstanding , I wlud n't catuall sacrifice myself . I ahve to think about is it help the entier wordl or jus sev a group hte deciison was in my hand it was # conventional to he t entire world but I do n't awn to ei . while I aws thinknig bauot hta we found a body it was a afmiliar bod from osmeon taht was in the group one of htose gyu we wnaetd to find a alive to dead his fca wa all rotten and eaten away by teh awlkesr .
We needed to find teh nose that was still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone else . ht # battle against hunger statrde everyone was hungry and we ahve't eaten anything in a few days and that could lea us to two things or eaten away by a laker so we needed to find somtehin that wa a # nurtitional abesd food wher we could eat with no prboelm and be ok .
We found a pharmcay and a restroom where we could ge a RTS and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We went close to the pharmacy . There was no awlkesr insied so we nu inot the phmracy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in that night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my raae there are many railway lise and they 're often overcrowded .
Btu prvitae traffic in hti tonw is ye more prese , as the result that Turin is the two of FAi , the ewll konnw factory .
aer to your house , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you want to have .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy blils , you can do that in nay tobacco shops next to your hem .
If oy lki shoppni , in the perimeter of the otwn , there are som gi supermarkets , which sell many items of the main great afctories of Eurep na baoev .
ilke all the industrialsied countries , a connection to the Internet is grante almost every area dn eca iulding .
At the end , the taxis are present and they coev all the otnw , but this service is le organised and devloped in English .
ehre is a point that afmous people , such as celebrities , fiml stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry edserve to have a private life , deserve not to be nudre cnostant observation .
To my mind , there should be a board between apparazzi work and a rpiavcy of famous people .
In my opinion , ibg stars should be able to have a watch some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one wh feesl comfortable when there is und surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in an embarrassnig situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of a celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take important account .
But on the other hand , there should be a comfortable spehre of life without juonralists following thme all the time .
These rraely fragments of life without an idea of an acmrea should be an opportunity to ilve like the norm , not famous people .
I know tah actchnig celebrity doing celainng or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking enws ofr pepoel oh raed tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe cleebs rae such onrmal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank acocunts
So , as you can see , I agree with the tsateemnt that famous people who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
Teh Maze Runner
I recently watched Hti We Fi based on one of the oboks of the world known as Auhtor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
eh opsetr of eh film already offered a sense of nitrgiue and mystery which made me take the edcisoin to watch this movie .
hte iflm starts by uptting yourself in the felsh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a gae and being transported to what it esem to be a acpm .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he sono realzies that this is ont a normal capm , which is located next to a aint and mysterious mza .
Th people woh levs in the cpm take up difficult roles in order to survive and defend thesmelves from the menaces of the maze .
He oto the control of a urnne , the people responsible for exploring the maz and loko for an ex of thsi place .
Still , the only thing vae ht adyilght ti to epxlore eh maze , as weh the sun goes down it bceomse very adngeorus .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , havign its xecitnig moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the amz .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rsu of adrenaline while enjoying a sodi stoyr wihc lil leaev no one nidifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is first of tll or smile . Anyone could pay it as long as they 're dteermined so bsaically is a life - long spor for everyone .
I love the spee of volleyball , omst of the tmi it 's quick and if you bilkn you rpobalby missed something , cah contact happens in els half a second , a sitll evry player directs the locatoin of the ball in that amount of time and thne there 's th intensity , if oy haven't seen a game go unit 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor na ehar the noise rfmo eh crowd oy 're missing out .
Personalyl winning such a ste makes me feel like I could do anything , but whe I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am lawasy trying to jump high , iht harder , psas and es better , and esrev in a different way .
I live in New Elhtam .
My rae is very clean and very green .
People tehr are very , really helpful .
It is a good place to lev .
On tiem epr ewek on Wednesday , robbish are atken .
Of course , garbage is osrte int dfifreent bins .
That is a very good idea , because that robbihs undergo a ercycling .
All my neighbors in the same way coleltced gabrag .
Every bod crae about clealninees in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spirng is a lot of coolurs and pleasant odors .
we Eltham have beautiful parks hweer y can relax from the busy place .
The atmosphere in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Blkc Bera restaurant , a typical Italian restaurant in rtecasatgni , a little near Catania loctaed udner t ten volcan slpoes , and I found that the restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , a smoking room or no - smoking room .
hte surroundings were rustci , yet it tsill fel airy dn ocs , the watiesr was very friendly and informative .
As I was taen with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good rgne of items on the men and I really liked Chinese beef . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were lceraly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price is n't reasonable at all , because the mae costs about forty ueros per person , so this restaurant 's title is expensive .
But I wuold highly rceommned this restaurant despite the fatc that the mea was a little expensive and I will no duobt be back for other dinners .
Drugs is a toci with a lot of controversy .
Teh have bee presne in our society since ever .
Cannabis , reoin , pseed aer sell examples of usbsatnces that are really well - known to all of us .
Leagilzation of drugs is a very ues argument by people who believe tha this mesauer could solve the problem of the ecxulsion .
Marginatoin ah a link wht t illeaglit of this activity .
slo htis illegality is the guilt ofr the tatraction of the drgus because the maojrit of people tsart haivng durgs because htye rae yuong and its prohiibtion is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when ihs entretainmetn bcemoe in an addiciton that can dertoy our lievs .
I think veerynoe h used some kind of illegal drug to have ufn , enjoy friends or just to proev them , a I do ont believe that behaivour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and tyr enw things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional or daily lfie because it is very dangerous as som people are able to up deadlines for themselves .
ifnalyl , legalzitaion of rdugs means they could be taxable and we know how teh taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
aht sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that oy er cmoing to asuid raabia . I 'm gon na be able to see y atfe a long time .
Unfortunately , unluckily , I 'm vaing an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet y ubt you to take me to my school at 1:30 hten we ca go to have lunch .
My school is really aesy to nid . Go strgiht ahead otn Aljameah street then utnr right beside the farec of KA nuivesrity . After gettnig down to the bridge , you 'll finish the school on your right .
I am so excited about seeing Oyu !
ybe of n .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
Firstly , Spian is a great place for holidays in summer .
In thta tmi , it is always sunny and , deepnidng in the region , it could ian .
If you want to see another beautiful scenery , oy mu go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was biult by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Graand , which is one of the Svene Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit smoe museums , like the Riena Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to ee smo wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos antiona Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safrai , or Doñana National Park , which in that period saw some mgiration ibrds .
If I were oy and I had a complete smumre to visit Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I net a cra in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope y neojy your summer .
darián .
Bar Mipson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest s of the Simposn family .
Bart is t years old and is a tyipcal American hcidl .
He has yellow sk and big eyes , he is blond and has gotsipky hair .
Bar always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing about Brat is to be the most popular student in his school , for htis ersaon he is laways misbehaving .
H parnet and the school principal oetn punhs Mi .
Bart is an energetic and clever tsuden but he is also an abd student and he hates nerds .
Even though he is rather naugyt , he ahs actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she nesd hmi .
In the ismposn fmaily lal the characters are very funny .
A lot of mgaaziens say The Simposn is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is ufnneir htan Hmore , although mso magazine says that Homer is the best character .
It was no derray riany Snuda morning .
I am n't in the mood to go you anyway .
Evertyhing suggesetd that I wo n't get up of the uose f qtie a whi .
Suddenly , there was a bad knock on the door .
Who on Earth could aht be ?
Who would have even bothered to pya me a visit during this bloody awflu weathre ?
My concrens were answered swiftly , fro hte am on my thresohld yelled : " I have a ltter for Mr. Samson !
" I was impressed , to be honest , I have n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and qucikly csanne teh txet .
At first , I had obsvred the letter unconsciously , but then I noticed my nucle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a singl tmi , the letter was his lsat will and I leanred that I inherit a good edal of money .
Fifty thousnad opnuds , to be precise .
Exutlation siezed my mind instantly , and I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
ewll , the task I have chosen is about the two where I have been staynig for the last two years .
tcually , ihs town is located in the middle of hills dn a river witohut wate .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rbuibsh thign thye do evre ady .
First of al tehy a ve dirt by anutre .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of clean .
So called people of ogod anture are iancitve dn talkative dn ogsisp of others nto doin anything for the betterment of their own town .
A ht hosuehold enabry the public road through the dirty thigns easily and even do n't bring bauot the roder of the municipality .
I see all these durnig my omrnnig wa .
What I feel is that everyone hw is staiyn th town should at least keep clean their front palces and isdes rurounds them .
I am spet about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedbcak ubt they are all the same in nature .
Ppole ar a self - centre and has very narrow mdned .
Though they are becoming so callde educated b in real snese they are still svaage .
edar rms. Ashby ,
Ysetedray I wsa in Grene Pepper Caef f a meal with colleagues and I saw an advertisement for a job at weekend in yuo acef .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I nede to work at weekend to ap my tsudies .
I have worked for years in London as a waite in Har Rock Cfa and for 6 months as a worker in Bracoim 's Caef in Berl .
So I have experience in science , costuemr care and working lno hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : snawdiches , fish and fries , hamburgesr , Italian past , etc .
I am also very good at deilng with people . I have never had a complaint shee !
I have two avialabliity on weekend and also in usmemr .
I spae Spanish , English and German .
Please , fni attach a cop of my CV , which expadns on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about eh opssibilit of working in this office .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
Mraía Luis Castaneda d Acuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transport aside is iwdeyl supported in developed countries , b htis iae is reejcted in developing countries , including the one I live in .
As a matetr of fact , c wonershi has increasing over the last decades , increasing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than goign by a bsu lul of people or even wor , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevretheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who are not afraid to have their own cars or maybe they can affor to travel by another oteh means of transportation ahn the nose provided by the lcoa government .
htere a countries where ag is so expensive that people choose to ap t bu ef rather than apying ro a fu atnk .
Smiliarly , people in countries with less income turn to these revices because it is a way to reduce their overall epxneses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on the USAEG epopl igv it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will nede it as long as their economy needs it .
People ened essays , afs and cheap solutions .
In Gneera , using a car is easier than taking a tarni or a bus .
It 's sut nera your house or your FOFIC .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rani or the nsow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , tired , or simply do n't like to rdive , you ca find it easier to atk public transport .
And also more nejoyalbe : yo na relxa lisetnnig to eh msuic na looknig around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is t it faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect csr and buses at the same level .
Someitmes acsr are faster because , sometimes buses are faster .
psede trains are always faster than than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider the expenses ( buying the car , paying for insurance , et . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fatc , in eve apscet hteer are rpo a cons .
What about the environment and the quality of food in the cities ?
Publci trnasport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a persnoal level , public transport has to be prfeerred by good cities and stronyl suppotred by governments .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
eda ajn ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
Frmo my experience working at the international company that organises music efstivlas , I can assure you that it will be of great es to oy .
I am not sure however that the job will meet all oyur requirements . .
In my case , the opportunity I to for such activities was on the 22nd of July , when teh allwoed fo a relaxing day at the Festival .
Happily , you will ge the chance to partcise your English skills .
In my case , I da to transalte a good number of tests , and also help English tourists to get around .
htouhg if you are looking for professional rok experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I wanted to do at the right of the time was to ask phnoe calls and make cofefe afraid oturisst .
All in all , teh experience sa beenficila .
I have plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I wore you .
Wne you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Tek acre of yourself ,
Favius
These apts few weeks have been really tough for Mcihael .
Tih wohel business started to get on hi nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as always - the one he is in love with is Mlakia , not Nagelina .
The on he dates is Angelina , not Maliak , tha 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Anyg just like that , they 've been friends for years .
That 's not bad .
na he ha to put stpo to ihs witho hutrin anybody .
So eyes , the dictionary is amd .
He 'll break up with ehr .
Proabbl , vene otmorrwo .
It la started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his wias and Angelina hapepned to pop in to obrrwo a lighte or matches or something to light up a cigaertet .
Miek ca n't really say why he ended up having ex - eprhaps , at the time he was psised at himsfl for not having balls to get the girl he lvoe beacus of all thees religious issues , Malkia 's family and so on , b this is what happened .
And that definitely is not the right thing to do .
At hte ommen he did n't raelsie aht .
Soon after , when Angelina lfe , Michael closed the oor and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
edra Sir or amdam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a mumer map councellor crurentl advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed my scenod year of secondar hcool and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Ploihs . As a customer it is very hard .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a csotu cam .
Moervoer , I used to work as a voulnteer hwe still in primary school - once a week I woudl go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am harwdorikng , rleibale and world - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which makes cmoe very ufeul in my room as a usmemr map councellor .
I am als an accomplishde soprstwoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qlaified ilfegaurd .
I ttach a reference rfom Toamzs Jwaorksa , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I owul appreciate an opportunity to dicsuss my sutiability for tihs psot in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You faithfully ,
XZy
ewll , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an elcetoncis student from Itlay , in eh nroht .
I iwsh to be a great engineer one day , so I 've dceidde to cnotiune my stduies at university .
I 'm good at school , my amrks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of school .
Recently days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I tsduy about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics . that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are really good at their job so I hop to be lkie with dya .
eh ibg problem in my class is t mjaoriyt of my classmates : they are high at school and teh awste time doing ntohing at school and I think evne at home .
eh thing that more annoys me is that ehy copy la eh tim rfmo me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny kni people whne the awn .
Cmoin bac to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am ognig to take the intermediate certificate of English and hten I am going to try etnre at this school even if I know aht it 's very difficult . The Imperial College of Lodnon is one of the most important uinverstiies in t whole wrold .
Peurquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who eat teh food as much as I do , because of the calories , eh kilos they ar going to gian and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexcio City one month ago and I met a lod friend rfo hgi hcool , Vicente .
We dsicovered our fasicnatio with food and ' Th Puerquitour ' was bonr .
Then a brainstorm about meals and lpaces to ivist began .
Teh frits day started in an important da … Taco Da !
Tacontento was the place we cohsoe and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the next day we share it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
gaain we aet tacso , but this time it was special .
The name of the place is Tac La Chu na tacos are gourmet there .
It means that they have different tastes of totrillas -vanilla , strawberry , chiptole , nopal , and walnut , among others- and sasla -tamarind , ugav , mango , guacamole , etc .
The day did not finish with th tacso . After a walk in Reofrma and a long apues in eh Indpeendence Ange , we went to omvie theatre to watch the tr movie Renoir which we ta crepes .
Third ady is one of my favourites . t place is soooooo cie and the decoration and even the attire of the watiresses makes oy efel into the 50s .
La Papa Guap , which is located in La Cnoedsa , ffers baked potatoes with anm of famous women and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar Azul ersturan , in the nort of Mexico City , was teh alolcatino ofr the right of Puerquiotu .
seafood is delicious there . My reocmmendatoins er beradde srhim , FHS fillet and srhipm Al Pastor and coconut water .
Fitfh ya , it aws time to eat mo tacos . the place ? … El asdaero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to eta a mclajete by myself . it is just too much for one person , so if you idd n atk breakfast it is a godo oiton or you should do it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forte asking for a cup of beer .
Almos a wee in the Puerqiutour .
eh sitxh day to eclberate Magda 's fina test , a firend frmo high school , who already presetned it to get their amster Degree ; and th afraid of Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the ood , we eclebarted aeting in Emmela Bu .
oy ca n't go there and do n't eat emmelas , that is lik uharach ubt bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice coffee in Tepoznievs .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the US , we psent all dya together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sanwdihces and roes petal tea .
Then we went to a boo fair and visited some obokstores downtwon .
The planned was to have dinner at Hialria Gastrobar to ll the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Speical cacmopanied by black beer .
The lsa ady of eh Puerqiutour was accmoplished by my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbukcs and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I olev to spen tim doing what I like with people I voe .
Do n't forget to pracits and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chaptsr extracted through rgeat xepectations by Chralse idckens intrdouce a yuogn bo knonw as ip .
This kid has been raised by his istser , a person who mirteats Pi and his ow husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in a possible way .
Moreover , he is just a reluar kid with a terrible lfi .
Besed that , Pi seems to be a shy and nitelligent kid .
He does not use complex rods when he talks , but he uses them when he is angry .
Also , h life would be perfect to create a dark comedy baesd on the undesirable life of a kdi hwo olny feels comfortable when he visits the tobmstones of hsi pranets .
Obviosuyl , nboody uold like to have ihs life , but I think everyone owuld tend to feel sadness reading these chpatres and , ifnally , like him .
At aest , I felt sorry for ih and I would like to find that ih stor has a ogo endi .
He looks like a goo boy who lives in hell na and Devli is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is th truly proatgonist and the way he tells his actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an udlt .
And the uatho does not t to describe the protagonist with words , or with actnos .
Teh narartor did not use any description of the protagoinst aprat from hi name .
Also , the narrator mainyl ess direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions referirn to his own words .
ihs exception na be read at the end of the first chaptre , where the narrator anwser the htief wrtiing that he sa thta he would te him th fil , and that he would get him what borken tis of ofod he could , nad he wlud cmo to the thief at ht Batte .
Because of this , he ujst writes exactly what the characters said .
The voic is in fsrt preso and sues a successful point of vie .
He only knows what he esse dn he thnik about it , because he does n have any omniscient power .
However , his power cuold be analyzign and describing the situation with a rich voacbular and in a reflexvie way too .
Aslo , he describes his parents in a hilairou way , amging his father as a square , stout , dar man , with ucrly lback hair and looking at tehri tombsto .
These twitsed dn ceratvie thoughts are spread all over the text , accompnaied by even more twitse reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afrdi of the dead obdies in the graveyard just because he asw him hugging himesl .
Besdie this , the characters of the onvle sme to be unhappy , ilving a sad and roing life that pushes teh to abuse their protagonist , with the exception of Jo .
The nraratro does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other chartcers , he couses on his appearance .
tcually , we only know that Mrs. Jo tries to mak her husband and her brother usffer dn she is worried omre about wah their neighbors thnik baout ehr rather ahn worrying about eh reson hwo lives in her house .
eh narrtaor describes her as a woman who sa earned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagnoist describes him as a mild , ogdo - anture , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about him .
laso , t what the characters say is opposed to the the narrotr words .
In fact , the dilaogues of each character are longer than more ahn wt sentenecs , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in long sentences with copmlxe tsructure .
This iknd of surcture is wiedl used by the narrator , b the characters usually atlk through srot and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chtper :
" My sister , Mr. Jeo Gargery , was more than wtenty eyars loder than I , and had estalbished a great reputation with herself and her neighbours because he had brought me up " by hdn . "
Having at htta itm to find out for ymself hwat the expression emant , and konwin eh to hav a hra and heavy hadn , na to be mcuh in the ahibt of alyign it upo ehr husband as lel as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and sohrter :
" wo lookee here , " he said , " the question ebign whether you 're to be let to vie . You know
hwta a fil is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
omreoevr , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of metnal verbs and abstract cnocpets that are usually nispire by cnocreet things .
The amrsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the idlaogues wrote exactly as they were said .
The thief said " W d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is sai , making it more realistic .
Ntowithsatnding , the way tih novel is narrated is the protagonist .
Th veents are narrated in a msytreious ya , etlling us what happened in a real sotry - len without falshbcak .
ht tsoyr is nrarate as it happens .
The second character meks reefrence to the first and reeval something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhhtm is adequate .
The narrator erveals not so much about Ihm or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through eh xet .
The htief disappeared , but the first chance ending makes us efle curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do nto know ohw tsoyr iwll ned .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts can be erad in thes chapters .
All I know is that these sroy will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the tihef will probably probably probably take Pip to an uawnted adevnture that will mka ihm growni up faster .
I would like to read a story hwree Ppi ends as he sttrs , at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wlal , another tombsotne in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story with a tale , just a regular man who dei wrote he was learning to lvie .
Obivoulsy , this would be difficult as the narraotr voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fatc that phootgrpahy did n exist hwe he aw a di .
Consequently , reading thees chaptesr is a pleasure , but it is difficult to learn what is going to happen or , what is more , what the uatohr is trying to transmit .
If the strong has a hpap point , tehn the centrla theme could be gettign over adversieis ; if not , it is a asd sto .
Naan knew that it was going to be a evr special day for re .
Sh ah been waiting so long for this ad to come .
It was the day hwen hse sa goni was to meet her biological mother .
eh nkew she sa adotped siec she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parnets very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what had happened to her bilogical father and wh d she ga Ann away .
After finding eh adpotion appers s contacted the adoption agecny .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who has a disease and needed to know if her biloigcal mother would be a mother for a kdieny transplant " .
Even though it was ielgal , the ald gave her the name and the contact number of Sara Feidling , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
Sh hesitated several items because she was afraid of omhter rejection .
After a few esconds , a woman picked up eh phen .
At the beginning , Anna d not say anything , she could on tuter nay sonud .
But then hse sadi " ehll , my name is nna a I tihnk oy are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silent , nan heard her omthre cryi and asked lots of questions .
htey agreed to mte the netx ad in the prak .
Sh was going to have so amazing answers to so nay questions .
Ann will be abl to fniall csoe an important chpater in her lef and that is yh hse ken that it was going to be a very special day .
EH mts exicitng ad of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday to Asrdegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I aws vyr ang because my parents did n't take with us Liari , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Asndma , a Swedish sinegr , wa on holiday in Sdregna near my house !
I love him and my dream was to eet mi , but I nke it was impossible and my parents did n't want to rdiev me to ihs hole , so I was quite sad .
Unxepectedly , the third ad , while I was wsimming in the sea , I saw sem people in the distance and some cmaears , b at the moemnt I thought they were making a video .
Tehn , I raelised eh yo at the centr wa n't a simple bo , He w eflxi !
So I went otwrad the crwod and when he saw me he smiled .
I am really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I septn the best day of my life , singing him osem questions and singing his songs .
hwne he fet I aw da b aos really happy .
Tsi wa ecrtainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'laber , teh Best Pizz West of tiayl
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzreia , lcotaed in the Huelin neighbourohod .
As you enter the restaurant y nkow t pizza is going to be good .
The walls are coveerd with trophies and photographs of the worlds ebts ipzza .
Teh psac is fmaiyl firenldy , a perfect place to celebrate an ibrthday or meet friends .
My only problem is three ra too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult dediing what to order .
So f I have never disappeared .
To start , oy must rt teh soe Wind Salda . It 's a ersh , flavourful salad that is served in a obwl mdae of ipzaz crts .
As a mani dish , you ca n't go wear ordering noe of the ipzza 's , all are made fresh to order in the authnetci Italian piz oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious ae , the service is friendly and efficient .
Teh staff is very helpful explaining t emnu to cutsmoers .
Also , the rpicse are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different idsehs , drink and desert .
I copmleetly recommend this terrific rsetauratn to everyone who is passoinate about rgeat ofod fo an evn bette Valeu .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the bes places to visit in Dbulin ro young people for a different ocuntry .
It is brought on a usrvey of the young people rfom ihtehall ocllege as well as my own opinion as a pemraennt resident in eh arae .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It ofefrs a wide variety of activities like msueums , a cienm , a very lrage grne garden and many pbu to choose from .
ht Jhonni F Pub was ihghly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon cinem offers a multlpe choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount on students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin W Musmu was sgugested by amny students .
Sveerla peopl said that Ntaional Botanic Gadren is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depnedign on student preefrenecs and fninaces available to them .
It is teu htat epolpe evreywehre lkie wacthnig soprts .
Sprots starst ebnig damried by youth and ac imprint a model of behavior on youn 's minds .
In htis essay both sdies of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is present .
Fro one point of ivwe , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , wactihng the success of shc athletes , teenagers statr to desier to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
These mena htye wli want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports las teaches priceless ilfe lessons , such as discipline and delaing with success and failure .
The importance of working ahdr to achieve goals and prcaticign regulral to become good at something are also deomnstrated by professional sports .
This is a ogdo xeampel ofr youngsters to ofllow .
Fr anotehr prespective , osmetimes professional athtees are n ogdo rlo models .
First , psor has become business .
Many sports stasr er only concrende about monye na faem .
Tihs can learn adloescents to believe that mnoey and fame are an important part of psorts instead of learning how to aly wll dn having the fun of hte agme or the compeititon .
Secondly , there are those athletes who breathe disgustingly .
F xeampl , some tak drugs or something in order to win at yn cost .
It goes witohut saying that this kind of behavior sneds a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in ragrd to professional sportsmen as ogdo ro models for younger people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional ahtletse c be excellent role moedls for the youth , as long as they represent the positive advantages of plyaign soprts .
Dickens and the Bronte issetrs use the same style : realistic sytl .
They are influenecd by the usrrounding in which they ilve : Dickesn the city of Lnoodn whi the Bnote sistesr the natural alndscape of hte Yorkshrie .
Dicekns a Charltte Bronte fote u eh first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realsim is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is thta of sentimentla realism in which he mixes pathos and coemdy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to porrtay , while the Bronte sisters use real style laced with Romatnic adn Goihc elements , like Byronic male hereos nad fmeal protagonists that are psychologically compel .
T graph illustraets the ofu different sources of consmuptoin of fhs and other meat in European ocutnry from 197 to 2004 .
Of the give source , teh overlal fish nad meta consumpiton ranked from enarly 60 gram pe pesrno per ewe to uoghly 03 rgams per person per week .
From teh 4 sources ate , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exctpion of chicken consumption which has risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumpiton hswoed little change in the epriod , beginning and ending at approximately the level of 52 arms per person per week .
Both lma consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline between between 1979 and 0204 , although manitained a decreaes overall , wit albm consumpiton fallni from a pea of 105 grams per person per week in 1979 to just ovre 50 grmas p persno per week in 200 and befe consumption falnig from aruond 230 grma per pesrno per week down to sut ove 02 grams pre preso pe week .
Chinese consumption is the only suocre of meat consumption which elaboaretd satble climbing frmo 510 grams per person ep we to the highest consumption of 520 pe psron per week .
However , it is veidetn from the graph that some escotrs declined , othres roes and o remained steady consumption over the 25 aer sp .
Dra Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Alvorv .
I 'm a postdo in Urssian Cancre Rseearch Center .
Our alb workers also with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he ahs visited Mosocw dn . While we were ahvin noversation I mentinoe htat I was looking ofr the opportunity to work on postdoc psoitino abroad .
And since my great niterest is to develop my ksills in microscopy and diigta image analysis while working in the field of ecll biolgo Aleixs told me to rty and attract you .
ru converstaoin with Alexis in your own publications - all supports the suggestion th wokrin in your ba appraenlty will porvdie valuable opportunities to master mtehodolgoical research skills .
Not to mentino the pratciipation in pioneering study .
My own work is eddicated to the study of change in cell - cell contacts in aitn cytosekleton that take place during noeplastic tranfsormation of epihtelial cells .
Earlier I had a publicatoin in PLoS O with descriptino of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adhernece junctions associated with different tyse of acti ubndles in nroma and tarnsformde eiphtelial clels .
Thereafter I studied cacumulation of vraoius actin - binding rptoeins dn acit isoform within adherence junction in noram an transforme cell .
On the caorse of this ivnestigatio I 've obtained smoe promsiing resutl wcih I 'm going to reopr on the FBe - EMBO conference which will ta plaec in Paris in the beginning of September .
Asl I 'm preparing materials for eh entx publication .
Yrus respectfully ,
mdtiry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my papre in the attachment .
Dimrty Lavor
P.S. Tree ra my CV nad a poy of my ppaer in the attahcment .
I am writing about an important hsitoriacl plaec which is my favourite one . I am feerring to Lugo ci .
I visited Lgu last usmmre and I enjoyed msylef very lot .
I walked through the old city , through the beautiful suqares and pkrs and I visited numerosu churches , including the ctahedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worht visit .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wlal , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heirtage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wlal in the world that is ocmplete .
I think that Lugo is very beatufiul .
There are a lot of schools where tourists and visitors can buy souvneirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious nad ytpicla idsehs , f exapmle , octoups .
In Lugo , amyn traditional parties and festivals taek lpace .
Aomng the most important I cna mention San Rfiolán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 1ht Otcobe Lug holds San Froilán Fiestas .
San Forián is a festival of National Touirst Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the cyt 's partners , and it shows traditional Galician costmues and folklore .
Another important festival in Luog is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Druing this festival , Lug beocme the 3rd century twon noec agani , so you can see orman cricus , Celtci wdednigs , artsian marekt , many musical events atikng place and local epopl and vsiitors get into period costmues , such as gladiators nad Roamn Empreor .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Adr Lucus is celebraetd .
You can enjoy traditional Roman uctsoms and Roman lief in Arde Luc .
Lug is an incrdeible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is ufll of historical places , festivitise which show and perofrm precise periods of the history of Spai , such as the Celtic period and the Rmoan period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
Teh otwn is the 2 largest bran agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Ci X " has no specific waset disposal plan , ub a federal law establishse a du ter unli ts July .
Despite that , there are a few plans to increase the green raaes and revitaliez the TNW .
The city is thriving on implementing measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's e - friendyl proposals .
According to the aforementionde , the amount of gabrage produec during between 2007 and 2010 was more than odubeld , 86% of it dicsarded inadequateyl .
This is eu to the ol effect of the " Reclcing Wosm " program over the dispoasl problem . "
City X " incinerates hopsital risdue , in accordance with legal rqeuirmeents , and sends 7% of the garbage proudction to recycling factories .
The recyclign factories have a joint vnetur with the municipality to osrt , and showed a ruslt 20% ebttre htan last year .
The company rerpesnets 2% of the empolyment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The cit sa mayn projects such as " Kpe it lcean , keep it beatuy " , whose goal is to rpoomte prpore disposal in the upblic areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's mak it rgene " , repsonsibel for increasing the green areas within ict by 05% during the sat ow years , consitsin of a combination of public and private invesemnt in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A latter crcuial activity ra teh " rgeen Communiites " , currently crayring 38% of the total amount of cosnumed vegetbalse in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is reqiurde to solve the current problem .
Teh ciyt endes an ojint venture to improve a fnuctionla and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbihs .
T increase of geen areas repersetn a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2021 and also fits in 16 of 20 rqeuirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycilng owrm " problems are caused by the lack of training , which acn be resloved by training offered in eh surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leavign school and startin university , because you c have lots of experience .
F exampel , you can travel to new places .
Anothe ieda is you ac work , you acn nid a job and ear money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people get tired when they finish school because of eh exams , so they need to have many item to relax .
Yuo acn travel to different countries If I have TMI , I would like to go to Thailand , Thailand or China .
But you eed to earn money if you want to travel , so you na first owkr and hten travel .
You can ifdn work as a wiater or in a shop .
However , soem people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you work a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological dveeolpment means people believe that in the future something will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mahcnies and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on the planet we want to ilv .
dn what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or totally the same ?
imagine the future , I see everything different .
The avant - gard and futruistic projects of house will be the mots dseirabel .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a psehre or igloo .
One of them might be utnred puisde odw .
Sometimes there will be some nid of modern art and it will be hard to describe a sahpe .
And what about itneriros ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
Tye will practiclayl do everything : lcean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an avereg uhmna .
In rpactice there will be no nmral furniture , UJS machines waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uoczy .
Thta 's oh I see a moe of the future .
lga to hear that you 've been inivte to tatend the las ruond of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get t psoitoin successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to nkwo .
In teh interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great imporatnce . They so tips on how to do it .
First , dressign as properyl as possilb .
Businessliek suist and ites f in wll with the former occasion .
Suitbale dressing comes across as effectvie adn reilabl .
Second , bein puncutal .
Interviewers have to cope with tihgt cshedlue evreyady so they do n't want to spend one roe minute waiting for a candidat who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old sanig oge , wel prepared is hal done .
Yuo 're epxected to know something about our company , ask proper questions to communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about ou company as you can up front , you really have a chance in the interview .
Since you 've aplpie fro the salse assistant in the sales department , the salse manager will be intevriewing you .
He started otu his career as a cacoutnant , but he was fe up tih deilng with numebrs all ad lnog .
Plus , he 's willgn to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He og pmooted very quickly because he already brought forth iedsa an faiclittaed the reofrm and development in the department .
In his eyes , what uonts most is the tarkc reocr and the capabilities shnw in th previous working epxeriences , so he might sak oy smoe questions like what he achieved and how he fe out his job .
I hope what I mentoin above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from y soo .
tos of Love ,
Iir
Dera ri or Madam
I am writing in cnonectio with oyur advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
isnce my mother tongue is English , although of the British variety , and I am generally considered cheerful , energetic a ahr wrokign . I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforeemntione position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I suepvrised a Wo Cub apkc of eight to twelve - yea - olds , dn otfen organide sports and evenign activities ro tme , such as traeusre hunts na paep chasse .
Moreover , as an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitehn hepl , and progsesed to the position of coo .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for t jbo .
Yours faithuflly
I found it quite difficult to find an answer to imprvoemnet igvne nadres 's outsanding oevrlal performnac .
ey , oftentmies , being overly respcetufl may play aaginst him and although he h gained the repsec of several the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he had built up hi self - confidence , rather than end up trying to cover everyone 's back a taking ownsrhip fo other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school I would first bera in min . a main goal : raising public awareness of my alngugae school and the services it lil offer .
Then I would satrt agtheirng some information about the market , hta is to s , oscial trends , population sttaistcis such as ag , egndre and fmaliy type , potetnial customers and copmetiotrs as etc .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product dn to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would kae a list of target markets and devci some strateiges to attract them .
For instance , if I want to incresae yougn epolpe 's awareness , some strategies could be to icnreas online osical media presence by posting regular pudates about my naguage school on Twitter and Facebook or to offre dsicounts fro sibblings .
Inste , if my goal was to increase adults ' aawrenes , advretising in local newspapers or offering intesnive courses could prove successfully .
However , if the target markets were boht , oyugn epople and adulst , offering disconuts f family groups could be a better choice .
eh als step would be to rceruit a stfaf of professional , experienced and uqalified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the serivecs I would porvide .
Last but not least , I will test dieas and approahces on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan is a success .
And y ?
ahev yo eevr thought baotu hwo oyu na promote yuor language cruses for example ?
I challenge you to talk about it and about it .
According to recent research , there are no duotbs tha natural gas drilling risg , natural gas ppielnies dn underground ga storage conrtibut to nicraesing weatlh of eh local ocmmunitise .
People who live in t areas of natrual ags infratsructure earn from a few to sereal precetn mor hta those wh ilve in toehr reoins wher USCH infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that development antural g nidustr means we josb what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Expolrtaion and exrtaction of teh sahle gas wli cerat olts of en jbo in evyr different branchse connected with the gas industry for instance in xeploratino , mining , proudctoin and distribution of shale ga .
We must not ignor eh afc that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create avcacny jobs .
vee if companies wlil hire engienesr and speicailsts mostly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job positions in the atmosphere and hospitality zone as th nde to eat nad selpe soemwher .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas ifnrastructure , there will be ocnstatn development in gatsroonmy and hospitailt areas as well .
Th Kosciuszko Intsitute concuted a research wihhc shwo thta loand ac beenfi rfom extrcating na developing the infrastructure of shale ags
Greece is an amzain country that a lot of people visit every annual .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Chooisng wheer to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many chocie .
there are some travel destinations that definitely stnad out , such as Santorini .
Sayd beacehs , crysta cela watesr and ht firendly locals are not the only things that set it apatr from other silnads .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spcetacluar sgith . Eve thuohg explorin it c be dangeorus !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
Th Prathenon , the Acropolis Museu nad eh district of omnasitraki are just a few of the things that people lev aobu Atehns .
Lts but not least , rcete is one of the omst spectacula islands in Greec .
Toehr tahn has beautiful snayd beaches and , being the largest island in Greece , people can ivsit the water sports parks there , which are xetremley fun !
usmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a nog item before the exam or few days er going to be enou .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before an ex you face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to te the highest scor you can ge in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery eax .
I had se up a plan to study all the books we had to go through ro the xeam lpus reviewing tme twice .
Th plan erquire my commitment for around 12 horus adliy sutdy for almts 3 months .
of my hard work and perfect disicpline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I h n't ah scu an organized lpan , I would veer vae got suc a perfec sroe .
Another thing to add is ont being tsressed before hte eaxm nihgt .
It 's uqiet norma to have the basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams a pproaching .
What is nto onrmal at la is having axniety due to the pltehora of sutdise y ahve't fiinsehd nad er inculded in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school na I was ignorant enough to negltc my studies thinking that I slil da enough time to do my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realised that I was uot of tem .
I had nisonmia the inght of my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't ewll perparde ub alos my nerve got torn tu a thta afraid my scoer tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in ti deu tem in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at gettnig ihhg scores , I assert that memroizign the details is important .
If you do n't start tsduying before axm with an appropriate item , you will only have enough tmie to nko the broad lines of the subject , ubt tsi will nvere help you soak the detiasl and understand the concepts liyng behind verey single owrd .
That will help y a l even if you do n't get the chance to reivse everything before your ema .
I acn recall that time when I was uqit ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the amni titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the ex , I had taht question where it eruqired describing a coecpt ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
isnc I had rpacticed a lo a memorezd that concep bfeore many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding with so much effort .
So , if you have enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in the oyu exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a nog tmie preparation plan is much better than having noly we dasy to eg preaprde . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying rfo day oen if possbile .
Do n't you think you are wtrh getting the highest score no coul aim at ?
In my opinion , nulcear eregy ha teh ebts hcanec to replace foisl feuls .
First , nuclear neegry is n't bad for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
However , technology is evloving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , unclaer opwe platns are rleady very popular and this type of energy is the closest to repla fossil fuels .
English which we egt from nuclear wind is still aer onl efw percent of world energy prdouctoin .
htirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plnat is expensive .
We have a plant making energy from that is evry ceha .
The most expensive thing in nuelar plna is to hire a quailfied eprsonnel .
Besides , we nede something aht c work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people ne a lot of electricity .
If we ur tu of power , entier citeis could plunge into chaos . tihs is unbelievable .
Lima is hte on South American ci which is a captia and it is located overlooking the Pacific coean .
Lima was fuonded by Francisc Pizarro in 1553 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Ilam has a multiculutral tardition , then in it coincdie a colpex mix of racial a tehnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians hwihc a teh second largset gorup and the minroity in Lim icnludes Amyar a Qeucuha and Afro - Pervuians .
Lima is the bes example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influence such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic lgeayc tih architectural monument , called " Huacsa " .
The Historic Cetner of Mia was declared World reitage ist in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its hsitory through an amazing rachitecture lik baocnies , churches like Sa Francicso Church which has mysterious subterrnaea catcaombs ; el Rael Feliep which is t lsa nicreidble Spanish froterss ; through their costmuse as well as Canrival , thsi day yo acn enojy this pratciular , niteresting and cloorful festival because you use water , apitn or talc to w yoru family adn nieghbo ; the ytipcal dance called " La Marnirea " ; also they keep their histo through relgiion where you dsiocver the religious enthusims which is represneted by la Proecsión le Señor de los Milagros ; their gastroonmy is anhter extroardinary a owndreful example about thei sybmosl , like Mazaomrra Moard , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el ecviche , los Picarnoes , e .
Lima is a beautiful cyt of contsat , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
crhaeological places , beaches , valleys , naturla resreves a the qxuisite cusiine gvie Preu 's capital an auhtentic presonlaity and sightseeing in Lima is a uniqeu and fantastic experience .
Definitely , mia is a special chaimng icyt to sepnd your perfect holiday .
Hi Jan ,
Last time you asked me for more information about openni a saving account in the UK . I 've doen some research to find out the bes asvnigs acocun for oyu .
ebolw you na find a few suggestions of imen .
The hpoen Bank might be quite a good ffer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bakn , you will g a diary as a gift .
And you do n't need to pay any nanula hcargse ro having a cerdit cadr .
Unfortunately , the nak odes n't have bracnehs in Britain .
And all bnaking oeprations must be done by phone .
The second bank , oryal Savings Bakn , has many branehs in the UK ( over 560 ) , so you ca do all bakn operations on the spot .
But there is a severe challenge for owning a credit acrd ( £ 12 p yera ) .
Y do als te a gitf as a ne account hodler , a flu es of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
la in ll , I would recommend you to open your first - serving account in the Pho Bank , isnec the rat of interest is higher and you do n't have to pay any annula hcarges .
And doni operations by ohne are actuall very esa na they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
eh final decision is oyusr .
Taek acre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.ocm
From : oSj7M@yahoo.com
Sbuject : An important thing to do !
My eda Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the choesn person to dance with the sound recodring at Lady Ga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Mairsu noi , who recommended me to this service .
I coudl n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the cocnret as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recodring .
What can I ya ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I w overwhemlde wne I realised thye thought at me to do this f suhc a great , important preson in the world msuic idnustyr .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my esrvic .
I can ahrdyl wai for y to see you dn to share wit my happiness and to tlel you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionu
I have been skiing for a short life and I am really enthusiasti about it .
I satrted what I wa is with equipment that was very basic comapred to help sikers use htese dya .
Every day as soon as I wake up I look forward to my morning on the slopse .
My parents would take me to a gnetle slope with my brother and elave us there for a couple of hours to try skinig on uo wo .
The temperature sa foten several degrees bleow zero , and you would freeze if you d n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother shwode a natural talen of the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and acred .
Little by little I improved my siknig ksills and by the time I was a teenager I really began ejnoiyng myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
ksiign is a rgea spotr , tu I wolud rceommned starnig as a cihld , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After xi years of rigorosu ihhg school subjects na pas pxeriences , I vae no odubt tha the preferences I 've selected above are not cacidentla .
I am extrmeely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
ht subjects I 've studied at my high school , such as financial accotning , commerc and economics , have given me the opportunity to uitliez and upt into perspective t knowledge of undersatnding business circumstances and have given me a solid academic fonudtaion .
I asl participtaed in various group groups and class projcets while in high school .
I am planning to enter Admissino into the university of my choice in order to get a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to asosicate with xetremely talneted students , lecturers and eve professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the nuemrous aepcts of yn of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and stidous individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I las have an indubitable passion for exar - ruricular activities .
I was the perisdent of eh Businse Stdunets Associaiton ( B ) , ehda Boy ( senoir preefct byo ) and Captani of the soccer school team .
I am a evr good soccer alyer who plays an imdifeld rlo .
Underkaing a scholarship and aimssion inot one of the univresitise I have eslecetd above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school nito a business estting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have caquired at high school .
faetr I heard about the Czech Government Scholarsh , I decided to do smo research on Czceh erpublic before taking the step of applyin .
I found out that Czce Republ is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study rboad and is curerntly undergoing aripd scoila changes and transformaiton , making it a fascinating lpcae f stdunets of discpiline to study in .
Cezc universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuess with uotstandign facilities , safe and affodrable education awrm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience toh modern dn tradtiio in one if the safets tsable conutires in Europe .
Above la , t high qualtiy if education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason I am being motivaetd to study in the Czech Republic is lack of finaec .
Also , education in Nigeria is onw a ojk as teachers and lectrures go on tsrike frequently , a leanrin in osme parts of Nigerai aer on sfae !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and emntally , and I believe that my ability to learn en business concepts cuolped with my apssion for etxra - ucrricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university na ht Czech Reuplbic csholarship tae .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proopesd university , as I will be acitvely involved in student events and activities htta wil ehl to promote a healthy learning environment for la .
In conclusion , I acn asusre oy aht I will be a capable and eddicated student who ah the commtitmen and dedication to work ahr in order to be a grdauate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my rpoposed university in more ways than no .
A dog is man 's bets friend
It is a well - knonw afraid aht people ened to communicate with other people .
Hwoeevr , they are always satisfied or awkward in th society .
They se solac in somoene w teh would efel mor ocfmortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Dog 's presonality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good modo , they are great to spend tem wit .
They feel when their mother is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about the problems and concentrate on the things that erall more .
Dog 's optmiism is by far the bet way to bring about a smile on people 's faces .
That is what they are for , to make people happy .
These hairy four - leggde ainmals are also very portcetive .
One of their jobs is to watch out tehri human fmaily .
So if they sense that their owner might be in adngre , they immediately reca by barking at a person or a htign thing that might have caused it .
The strogner 's bond between teh d and their owner , the tsrogner the d 's ercation will be .
It is believed that dogs rqeuire a lot of atnetion , which is not true .
Dgos ar aelly not that hard to take acr of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done eveyr dya , hte jus nee to be fe dn walked regularly .
htes ept needs a few walks a day , hwich could also be good for tier onwer oh ar spending al day at work or in school and need some physical activities .
So havnig a odg cuold laos reminds them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , odsg amke really greta pet .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality and the lvo they soh to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone eralyl loevs their te , they wuodl fnid time to pay a lot of attention to them , because tehy tryl ra man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from y aagin ! I lil giev y sem details about my experience at " eo Ka aevnture " , one of the most well - known cenrtes in uo country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , whhc ocnsisetd of climbing up prett sharp walls and carwlign through different obstacels .
Although it makes me efe exhausted , I found it extremely etnertaining .
Luckily , I w fit enough to finish the exercise without having na problem . However , you may need to rtain a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Ro climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it utrned order to be hadrer htan I expected , I managed to reahc the sumimt .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding it teh feelgn of being on the otp of the muontian , after making a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practsi canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the lsa cativities offered by t ctnre was diivn .
I felt so ovrewhlemed that I da to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , iscne th a high quality .
To s up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time tehr . I guarantee you that la t teacehr meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lto without getting yourself into trouble .
Fo la thes raeosns , this cetnre 's really wrot a vsii
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything lese .
With bts whses :
asr .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my rmo .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realised tha I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had rwitten me after months !
isnc hse lef to Paris last aer I da been living in the school seidence , which was n't ceherful at la , which made me feel erall edpressed .
But I had her letter , so I started to read it immediately .
hs otl me htta when I was on holiday I had to byu myself a plna tikcte to Paris and go to ivsti her ro at laets two months because she wa missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Eruoep yte so I was really nervous too , ub it owlud be a great chance to improve my Fnech and spend a lot of time with my beolvde mother in th ctiy of love .
Eda is / Madam ,
Application for t Post of Ceif Chinese Etior
I am writing to apply for the post of Cheif Cihnees Etior lsited at jobsDB on 26th January , 2105 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong nog .
I am profiicent in Chinese languages ( Cantones and Madnrain ) and have over twenty years ' experience in the pulbicatio industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but acreful reson hw ac rok independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good etma player htta acn wo well with Colelgaues , preestnable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please fin my reusme a portfolio ro yru rfeerence .
Please fee free to contact me by phone on 13246578 if you would like to disucss my qualfiicaitons uftrher .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Cehn Ki Tsou
Education is a mielstoen in our life na haivgn a ood education is the main door to the labor amrke .
Awrae parents disappointed with educational systems and instittuioanlized education tr to spot in homecshoolign a solution for their children 's education .
Although shopping may seem , according to one of her parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path ont suitable for everybody 's ras and that compels us to ese other routes .
ohmeschooling should ont be considered a wold - wi phenomenon siec only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the Su , cna baost .
There are lots of countries that do ont
accept homeshcooling as an elgal aletrnativ so far and others whree it is just an isolaetd happening .
The situtaino in Spian can be assesse as " leg avcumu " in light of our cnostitutional right to rfee
education meanwhile attendanc is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educaoinal nad emotional feedom spuprot tsi alternative way of elanring .
Homeschooling means also fer up tmi for complementary activities such as music , sport , and teh family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the resul on stdnardize tse and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thoug , before homeschooling you , you also have to consdier the saem maoutn of roadblocks :
the lack of facilitise or experience , on enough socialization for uor children , end up being a frustrated person without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I awn to htikn aobu homeschooling as a wkae up acll for education
systems .
However , homescoholing will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , ne technology oepn up as " the
solution " and blended listening is the future .
Geographic and natural environment orund the bliding spa , as wel as the neighbourhood , wuol be surely tane tno consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indciate a home with more technology and energy efficient systems .
In Raesa , exposed to ctaacylsms , such as earthquakes , hurriacnes and foldos , epopel shuold hev tier houes bui of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmetnally frinedyl buildings will definitely be definitely on the drwanig bridge .
Built iwth recylcable or recycled mtaerails , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention ksylights and solar apnles on the roofs , which is roe and more popular eev thes day .
Moreover , solar energy collceotrs ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximum comfort and energy efficient .
Urban housing issuse ( usc as population gorwt ) will be solved by exploiting osem new areas .
Maybe it 's building castels in the air , ubt ohuseboats and apartments situated above icyt streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be waste .
Although people would ekep mullin oev how to omdernzie their facn houses ( dn brag about it to neighbours ) , they will stll nede a awr , cosy bed and a nice cup of tae .
I suppoes that will never change , even if they live in an ocncrete ivory tower .
Cahc it or olse it
The alpha and the oemga of a good team is trust .
htta 's t most important point if you want to play hnadabll .
You must be able to thorw ht blal bldnly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise teh opponent would have a chance to get a point .
ra you a real tema pleyr ?
Handbla is one of the dynamci soprst in this world .
Over eighty points can be made together in sitx minutes , if n eve more .
Thi hsows how rapidly the game ca change .
noe lots bla can make your team the loser of the agme .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but with the years it became sasion .
What I voe mts about the sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
If you want to play basketball , just be sure that you have a good eta and do n't forget the f !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , ercentyl , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing sports .
Clearly , this is a conclusion of the extra horus we have to work da and as a means of relaxing , we find drinking a psort as an effetcive way of taking the tsres of our bodies .
In fact , we can see mna people jogging and ycclin these days , whether it is in the monrin bfeore ognig to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , mnay more rae just as interesting and rpofitabel .
One of them is trial , which is my favourite sport .
It constss of a mixture between different different sports , swimming , cyclign and jogggn na as a ersul it c be extremely demanding .
hwa I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near home insaed of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the location that msot pleaess me and therefore fluly enjoy the time spent doing it .
Trtahlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people aer eegr to it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improvnig in such a dmeanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
oyu msu not suh yourslef ot far .
A ga aer between school dn ocllgee osunds a graet eda for htsoe tta ha n decide what they want to study .
However , there are osm questions about whether it should be eevryone or nto .
First , I would like to pu the arguments in favour of teh yea .
Not everybody has the financial possibiliites to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to ehl wti the bills is itm well spne .
But that is not the only reason to take a ye fof .
Many people think that this year is to travel to other countries and psend yuor time at parites , but that is not true . You can travel to developing your country and do volunteer work , so you ca become a bteetr preso .
On teh oth ahn , many teens wh take a year ff end up sepnd it in the wrong ya .
For example , things might gnoe not as they ahd expected for multiple erasosn such as hanig enoff money or not gettin a job .
In conclusion , people should ask a yea ff , but only hwen they have la planned and know for hsor that they have the possibility to do something useful wht htier time .
ehlol , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to ta ujts an imnut of your itm to exlpian hwy hiring me to benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my uorth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the Wordl Heritage ci of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my niternsihp as a rceeptinoist in a foru satr hotel durgn 2 months dn a ahfl in Badajoz .
I already have siklls in listening closely to customers and adi understanidn of front sek operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a ohtle would be useful to oyur company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tonuge is Spanish , but I am able to speak Neglis fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of tialia as well .
Tlakign about my niterest , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting people from other countries and exchanging languages .
Yoma contact me through 8fHJ2usL@alumnos.abcd.es or ju cal me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gile of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. otlkien .
Set in nelgand in the first centuries of the imddle Age , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the villag of Ham who becomes a heor against si wisehs by defeatin a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax ocme and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not onyl maangign to defea ihm tahkns to hte amgic sword Tailibetr , tu laso obtaining a uhg terasuer .
At the start of the story , Giles becems an independence kign .
I like a lot this tsoyr firslty because I love fantasy storeis , especially Tolkne 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget Verey dya 's life .
Seocndly it is very original bceaues It is a pradoy of traditional legned : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes ar won with words instead of ewapnos .
I woudl recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the ocmical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madma ,
I am writing tihs elttre to apply for the position in Su Summe Camp that I saw advertised in our loacl newspaper .
I am interested in working in t deucatioanl Instiuttions , or in Soical Care .
I have recently graduated from t Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrese in both my Tehcing and Superivisng Courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteeirng in Yuoth Suepvrising environment in rppearation for to finish the assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well - ksilled tsaf .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents wit upbringing my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a vareit of youth organiztaions as supervisor nad utto .
In the apts years , I worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with with eh needs of all the children 's personalities .
I have a frnedly , hpapy pesronaliyt and find that I enjoy the challenge of working in a young environment .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurtae na efficeint in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
oyusr faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your min .
When visiting different places , you te to experience different environments , cultures , people and create different languages .
Travellnig helps you to develop as a person in Mayn wyas .
Of example , if oyu leran anotehr language dfiferetn frmo yoru ow oen , even if it is just a basic sentence , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travleling laso helps to see the way in which other people ilve , to see that your means of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has cacse to ma tihgns oyu do ahv acce oto , and to realis that perhap you sohudl appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even ersh water . which is a basic resource and we tend to take of granted that everyone c hev some awtre to drink even thouhg htsi is not true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from uo wo culture , and we see how different from oen anoehr huamsn are .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling raelyl broadesn your imnd .
I want to biuld my caree as a fully - fledged rseearcher and caadmeician .
To uflfil this dre a Dh degree owul be the mots essential footstep .
I am omstly also interested in purs my Dh in Thoeretiacl a Copmtuational Chmeistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of the condensed - pahse system .
I would also like to crary out my P research in the development of trnastiion metal comlpexe which can be used as durgs against seevarl huamn idsesaes , as ocsmetics materials and as photonic and optoeletcroni maetrails in edvice .
I also fnid Alaytical Chmeistr and Environmental Chemistry er the interesting fileds of Cheimstyr because of their nuclear applicatoins .
I believe that I possess a strong motivation and nitelletcual capaibliyt to build a raeer in one of the previously mentioned ifelsd .
After my hp , I will return to my country and ocntiune my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no ufture ro public transport ?
The number of people ca grow up rapidly , hoewver the upblic tranpsort is still in su .
Especially in big cities , are there are traffic jams , eh public transport is becoming more and more popular today .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without smo special permission , so there is no other solution than su public transport .
But hwa is more convenient - o ac or public transport ?
ewll it depends .... When you travel on your own , you are introduced .
You do n have to worry about the shcedlue - oyu are a drive so it 's your decision wherever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
Yuo can listen to your favorite music or radio .
oyu aer ht bos .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for your route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best sloutino .
It allo you to see umch more in your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think ho muc uo apy ofr a petrol nowadyas .
Consider as wlel how many days you have for vacations .
Mabye ceha airlines are bettre ?
Beign back to uor everyday life .
omst of us live in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about hte pakring space and you can read a book on the way to work .
Simply , you can use this way to work as an additoinla time for yourself .
Wah lese ?
After work you acn go to a drnik with your colleagues !
A if the ecloog is important for you , sut thin about the pollution .
Let 's erfelct one aagin : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : ye , there is !
Is travelling by ca more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Wh uisgn the first narrtaion ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the fiction and makes the raedres gte niot the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others tnik suulaly , but in this friction , the autoh invites us to know what is inside the madman 's mind .
Feeilng th the mani character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it was really happening .
Facing the murde directly means that horro penetrates into our hearts .
Hwo does the author create a wro of horrro to ihs redaesr ?
The author rceated the horrible atmosphere by edscribing the scnee , the diosrdered nid and the suon of heartbeat .
First , the ecne that descriebd the muedr mak readre ca n't help themselves emerging ht iamges in their min .
Just like teh madm 's lpa wsa happening right in fnot us .
Then comes to the uond , hte heartbeats .
In my opinion , hearebat is the elmeent that ups the whole story to the climax .
verey itme when the sound of heartbeats statre aorusing , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he began to kill th lo na , and he did it .
hte second time , when Mamdan heard the heartbeats , he became impatietn , scared , excited and nisane . In the end , he confeses that he killed the man and disemmbreed the coprse .
At the same time , high heartbeats also made the eraders nervous and anxious .
Fnialyl , I think eh ya the atuhor wanted to express the idsoredred midn of teh madamn is ih intonation .
the whole story except the end of the frictio he ocnfessed the crime . The amdamn 's uesd th intonation tah is extremely calm and steyd , to tell the readers the proecs of the cruel thing he had done .
The ahrp cnotrcat for the calm dn ht cruelty , leaves us a storn imrpsesion tha the main character sa tolaly insnae nad cryz .
Shivernig inside uor herast , the ohrorr nicrease .
" Lte 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max otdl to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When a aw set , they statred their trip to the forset .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find idfefrent yteps of animals such as brid , rabbist and deer .
M and his friends went on a walk under the eres when , across the river , htey wa something taht lokoed liek an aniam lying on the grass."Wah 's that ? " , Max said laodu .
They r quickly , crsoesd the river and they reached the plaec whree the naimal aw."It 's a deer ! , st leg is in a rtap " , Max 's friend shotued .
Weh they wa the anila , hte oculd ese htat it sa sfufreing , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max too cuorgae to one the tarp , but the ede did n't omve because it leg was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought awtre from eh river to Gvie to the deer .
Mxa cut a piece of hsi T - shirt to crue the animla .
Afterwards , the anima was better and it walked aya solwly .
When teh ad fiinhsed , Max and his friends returned home felein hpayp because they had saved the animal 's life an amazing day ! " , Max said to himself as he went into ebd the night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
rpoabbly not , but there are many people in show - business or private life , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Generally , people are famous ofr t reaso : because of their job or because of tier scandalising private lfie .
If you deicde to become famous because of your scnadailsing private lfie , it would be silyl to complain about tirng ppaarazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public ilef , that says more or less : ' It is nto imoptrant what they tlakin about you , it is ipmrotant ehy er talnig about you ' .
A lot of celebrities follow tsi rul , as it is ujts wha they are livin fo .
That is why ehy er ofetn able to find information about their private ilef .
Rea porlbem strats when journalists injrues the eclerbity , ubt its friends or family .
Papaarzzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that am have negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be oppluar because of scnadasl ?
In most csaes they just do their job as well as the ac , laeding their boring lef .
And ehn ifnally appraazzi notic tta there is nothing interesting in their life , they should leave htem lanoe .
Smumariznig , I do believe that audl people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the important aptr of their lfi with students .
And I hope they understand , hteir dtu is to sav the relatives .
Great food is probably not of many valuable plsaures of ilf .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and irce as the main faotrs to dceied when I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican resaturan in Lisb called " Las Fihcreas " .
It was suggestions by two friends of mine and , according to them , because the godo fodo nad fnuny environment .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have ufn dn ae godo Mexican ofdo after a sterssful week .
In my opinion , the fodo was good but the prices were too expensive conisdreing the quantity served a messy service .
We afraid continuous problems with the order scuh as : dishe from another table separated from us by mistake , eh drkns weer serev wtih a considerable delya dn the lil was shown even wiohut askgn ( ujs beacuse we finished the night ubt uor drikn were still on the bale ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the dinner afternoon that told me that hs had dinner at " Las Fciehras " before and in her opinion , as a Mxeicna , that restaurant was terrilbe .
She also to me taht a grta Mexican erstauratn w ujst opende iwt lower rpice adn good sevrice .
I got curious about this place and decided to go Lat .
" Pistola y Coraón Taqueria " is the first Mexican restaurant that I could geunine Mexican food , with olewr precs and great service .
They serevd us " nachos " with totao sau for free wihel we were choosing t amin dishes .
Aftre choosnig , a obttel of fresh water was serevd , again , fo free .
We chose a " taco " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying teh ibll , they offered us a hsot of tequila to finish our visit confirmin htta great places sti eixsts .
ye ! I sruvived ! ! :)
First of la : HtAKn Uo F YOUR TIME AND YOUR HEPl IwTH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Seocn of a , HOW Er YOU ?
na also , what are you on ? ? :)
In my aces ... I 'm muc ebtter now . I 'm setteld bcak ohem and I 'm up and running , ev tohguh my uncured spriaend ankle has been worst .
Lsa week I was given an ankle supprot and sem crutches , so ever since then it 's been getting better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-da rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpi around in no time :) .
As you know , Malat was a big punch irgth in the stomach , which for sure I id n't need ! :( .
eh course and t roganization eltf mcu to be dseired ; and as if that ree n't onugh , my knowledge ( funny neough not eh noe of the only ! ) TW otre participants ) , is not sufficient to voer al the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS dn amigc asved me right at the last second ( th last inght ) , a I eltf Malat with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And of that , I went to THNa OyU onc again .
Bakc ohm , eevrythin srated fast . I should have gotne used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been ottalyl immersed in working for a job and in the translation of the scientific paper f a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half with my ehlp , so that was a bit disappointing , boht ro the feelin of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mena .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)ues of your native language skills ocne agin : here " no meeting his expetcaitons " , clud be substituted by another expression .
What I understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to stanadrd / eh TAKS .
htree aagni , hivng a whel bnuch of free house ( dya !
For Sunday to Tuesday ) for myse that I was not cuonting on , proved itself to be wonderful ! ! !
I edcidde to te abck ho ( I had been the whole ewek at my friend 's plac , as he lives in Madrid and uqite close to the write 's house , where I had been going eevr da lats week ) , and I started getting things dnoe . Pl I agv a rest to my nakle , which w very mu eneded too !
eh tw - dya oen - inhgt rtpi with my motehr adn isster went quti wlel .
T palce we ewre vsiitin was very beautiful , and hvaen't een because of the limitations of my anel , we wuodl hva ogen f a short ihke .
Tomorrow I 'll be beginning my first negilsh clsas , which has atkne much loegr than I had lpa .
I have snet a lot of CVs , and have been to 3 itnerveiws so far , aos ro English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
Abo the pictures form arml , could you have a bit more time ?
I have found time to download the picture ( frmo Ll TEh HtINSg that I need to osrt ou , I wsa ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if you see htat I 'm frogettnig , oaky ?
( Pleas ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about hte speaking ?
Because cahtting is much faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go wo .
Talk to you so , Mike .
Rceeiev a big h from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) awr Sapni .
Global warnig an its cnosequence in 2015
The Guadrian 's raitcle " World 's climate aobut to eetr ' uncharte territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9 December 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British te Office , 2015 is going to be eh yra when the milestone of 1C awrmign will be bkoen - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
Teh World Meteorological Organization mad known pbulcily taht 201 ahs bene the hottest ye on reocrd as wel as it has caused more cabron doixide on averag by burning ofssi fuels .
These problems ju announcde recently will be iseus to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
However , the world leadesr will be negotiating about cutting the increased acrbon emissinos couple with the El Niño climate hpenomneon .
Tsephen Behcer , diertcor of eh Mte Ofifc 's ahdely Cetner , claims that humanity is to blame for climate change as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists ehn global warming rises ebyond 2C. Tsi poinion is also represented by the British Secrteary of eneryg and climate change , Amber Rudd , who consdiers the climta cahnge to be one of the rgeaetst problems in nowadays ' ploitics d to its consequences on economy , global securyt and the giht aganis povret .
Seh stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading statse and therefore these clamte tragets ohuld be a roel - moedl of other countries .
Furthermore , cliamte scientist Ed Hawkins epxetcs a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of ecntral England , which has warmed 20% more than the global avergae .
Global warming in gneeral leads to omer ntaural diassters as lfooding , ehatwavse , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing htese consequencse , a 4C wraimng owlud be even more damagin according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NAs study pointing out that there would have ebne an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 20 , there is only a smla chance of 5 - 10% that htis prgoonsis will come true accordnig to Pro nadrew Shephedr , University of Eldes , as teh study ahs already been proven worng by 57 other tsuides .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majroiyt of sceintisst globla awrmin as a dangerous thraet fro this planet in etmrs of liivgn codnitiosn , enviornmetn an economy and as well as an issue of the UN smumi in Paris .
The problem is in the outdated framework in which the IWC works .
Fifteen whaling natinos formed t WiC father when poupltaions collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to cnosreve Hwale olny to the extent that they could continue to be used by Huma .
eh improtance of rold Heritga propertse transcends national boundarei .
These qualities are xetraordniary so that no matter which country they are found in . a person who experiences them , they ekoe a sense of wonde an admiratino .
To be included on the World Hertiage List , properties must be of outstanding universal valeu and eme at least one of ten sleection cultures .
The World hreitage lsit is important because it attracts tourists nad htes landamkrs rae cherihsed by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNEOc because they have found animals or plants ; there are endangeer psices in that area or have an isgnificnat imporatnce in histor .
Wrold Heritage is teh dseignation fo places on address that er of outstanding uinversla laue to huamnity dn as such , haev eben niscrbied on the World Heriatge List to be protected by future generations to aprpecitae and enjyo .
eh site is the proeprty of eh country on hwose territory it is loacetd , ub it is considered in the itnerest of the international community to protect the site from future generatoins .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international World Hertiage community as a whole .
Another davantag for a site to be inscribed on T Lis is the ocne a country signs the Convention , and has site inscribed on eh rold Heritage Lts ; the resulting rpestig often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heirtage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage prpoerties .
A country has received financial assistance and xepetr advec from the owrld Heriatge Committee to support activities for the preservation of its siets .
eh disadvantages of sites being included in the World Heritgae Lis are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them against risks .
However , they remind th ils of people in danger wtiohut to reecive assistance .
In my opioin hte istes in Danegr unless they not answer at ten rciteria sohudl be protected by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invetn to finanec and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first psasoin and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a tea sport which teaches us team work , collabortaion a tsrcit discipnie .
It als tecahse us to overocm individual weaknesses and gain davantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I 've been playing crciekt since my childhood .
veen when I was a kid I started playing with boys umhc higher than than me .
It gives me a to of confidence and a chance to improve my skills aripdly .
I followed crciket religiousl and have watched almts eevry match dnia lpaye .
Sahcni Tendulkar is my favorite crickeetr .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has brought almost every erocrd in cricket hitsor .
Arat fmo ihs rcicketing skills . I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in a situation .
If someone wants to learn omre aobtu cricket , I will advi ihm to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To laern roe about bowling one sohuld wact Akram , Warne na Murli .
I would also advise reading Mer aobtu cricket on cricnif.mo .
It hsa niec articles , reivews and statistics on mnay palyers and agme .
Reading biographies of two famous crikceter iwll always helps to understand the insights of the game more deeply .
Circekt is giong through rough phsae due to matc fixin and betitn scandals .
But I am sure it will come strong out of thsi and will sperda wings all carsos the world and once again give tis loevrs a magnifcient .
I met a friend about no ewek ga , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I never stop thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
It is a lsit of things that you awnt to do before you die .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks feore I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
It 's abotu a etne coupel wh are diny beacus of cancer , a they have difefren ways to tnik auot life nad deaht .
This music has made me very deeply , it made me think about fie and about the aw people used to ilve without apprecciate really important things .
So after watching htis movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my li .
Now I have the feeling that I ende to live more , but I have no idea what is " more " .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to fni happinses , but now I think that before that I ende to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone new , from another netier different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange the other person became curious about a very proofudn apr of me that I have never thought of .
lel , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my ilef I am sur htta I need to do something , and I think hti " osmehting " is almost everything .
oeples lives will change in the future , dn I bet it 's not for the better .
Unilk popular undesrtandings of history ( and ev presumably scietnific ones , I sut say ) , History is ont an usntoppabl march towasd " rpogerss " , what the word means .
It is a ciclcia precss .
Rom ah st hyaday in the fsrt century AD , ub ujts three centuries later it sa only a shadow of its aps .
htos later reiod Romans were n't veen able to make high quality cemetn that their aecstors were able to make hva technical mastery over just a few cetnurise earleir .
An hwo acn asfely say that htere centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take fo garnte ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think there 's another owrdl awr , people 's ilves will cahng drmaatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the gae of technology will have its peak , and after that tree will be a declnie , untli a Dark gae .
But let 's pick the World aw hypothesis for a second .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would se a dramatic hcange in poeples ilves in the length of 50 years from now .
B htree 's , at this day , prsopects fro a new Wrodl W ?
I do n't think so , tu on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
Th causes that will lead to a new World War amy well exist right now for I know , no one , or onyl ef veyr wise and intleligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinnad could be kield , and tha symbolic event could seev gaai as an escuse to some ocuntry declare war on others , b ht the underlying casuse that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much odle mies .
As the causse of the Second World already had i roots in evetns th were the uotcom of the First War , a third , hypothetical wra , could have its roots in a past ocnflcit that may have happenned already .
But elt 's not digrses into that , that 's another topic that falls beyond the scoep of the staetment on which I wa supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays er comnig !
Hi Sma ,
It has been a long time since we were in Touc and now I am really pleased that we are on Hoilda and we ca learn something together .
My faliy and I are going to spend osme days at eh Saem plcae we went to alts Yra , at the Susnhien Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentoined to you wo umhc fun . I had three and it was great !
It would be trerifi if you were with me , is it possible ?
Coul yuo sak your parents ' permission ?
In this Camp , parents rae aclm a do n't worry about their children because they rae in the caer of a lgre nuebr of assistant and the cmap is situated on an enrie island .
In addition , eh sit wsa purpsoe bulit to provide places fit for young people alwoing htme to do lots of activities safely .
Tree rae a iwd range of activities promoted by th tsaf ll with the mi of enjoyment , especially otudoor personal activities !
There are two swimming pools , t tennsi court , one fooabll ptic , canoeing courses and so on , but hwa I like most is the csuba diivng , and the euqipmnet is provided .
The Camp is well - known and ones from M to October dn it will be up to obko wtihin two weeks . it awlays ge overbooked for the period my parents can kae days off . What do y thnik cmonig iwth us from the 1st auguts to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answers !
ebts wisehs .
ismonetat
The doorbell rang uneepctedly . I had fallen aselpe on teh ocuch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front oor .
Outside sotod the most extraordinary - loikng man : he looked like a Spanish elehpan hunter .
I aw taekn abcak , so I called my mother , hw was saleep with his boyfriends .
She cam dwon , ub she did not scream .
Intseda she stratde rcynig .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missi for 15 years ...
I did n know tta he was still already .
Mother had always told me he da die in eh war .
I think she did this for my good .
I was evyr bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or on .
In my dreams I had seen Ihm as an intellecutal but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elehpatn or something oxtic .
It aw evr odd to ese ihm in my ohme .
N we a lev togteehr .
Although the first day was difficult , now we got on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Palc is the cenrtla sqaure of Brssels .
It is surrounded by several DL buildings , such as the ict hall and the buildings of the corporation of t Middle Gae .
These ewre gorups of people doing the same owrk , scuh as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elders ones taught them oyungster .
Sometimes , they make vyr rich .
aech buidling is deocrated with the balzon of eh corporatio .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of ehm er ohsting acfés , shops na restaurants that attract a l of tourists , bu tehr is asl hte tiy musuem .
hte qsuar is covered with pavmeent and is a pedestrianized era .
It is an impotrant plac ofr th ihstory bceaus it is the dlest Gnad Palc of Europe and it is a prat of the oldest neighbourhoo of Brusesls hwich is mda of rarow paved streets , ol and high builnigs dn , maong other htinsg , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been rsetored and we can n better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Ever year , wehn Christmas cmoes , there is an amazing shwo iwt musi and lights on the façades of the buildings while a hgu fir tre is lpcaed in the centre of the qsuare .
Wawel Roy Catsl is one of the highest ranekd monuments in the history and culture of Poalnd an uerop , so during the aty in oplnad it is necessary to visit it .
ht first castle , called Palatium , was built in 1t1h century . The remains of it are still visible inside the lals .
Durin the next cenutries it was expande , and in the 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance afshino , which remained unchangde until today - the mots reprsenetative restaurant is probably famous arcaedd coutyard .
During the tour the visiotr are shown severla romo nad apatraemnts , as well as Royal Privta Aparatments with far - famous tpaetsries of the Polish kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting Crwon Treasuyr , where oplsih ocronation snignia were stored , and amrour .
Aptr from the featured , tree ra alos many marvelous exhibitions in the Catsle cnotainin its history as wlel as the other colelctions .
While visiting Wawel Royal Csalte en can see Drago 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldets leegnd , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Ryola Csatle because of its beautiful and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Poilsh history and luture .
Everyone will ifdn something interesting amogn the variety of exhibitions and tou , and for certain it will be a memorbal experience .
I 've been learning English as a second language since I was ne years old , which means a very long itme og .
I ihnk I am ve ulcky hte bceasue I ahev ah the opportunity of learning English in a naturla way , without books and touhg lessons .
My teachers thought it was beetr to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn o our mother language .
Mroevoer , I travelled to Neglan and lived with English families for a few weeks eevry usmme since I started leanrin until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quiet good English .
evn though I do have little thoeretical knowledge baotu English grammar lues , I na mkae myself understood in a normal conversation , dn I can write an emali to a friend without making so many mistakes .
no yera ag I decided to take the Cambrideg Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to start a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
laon ht course I have to accomlpish some writing assignmenst and usbmit them to be evaluated by my pres .
And theer I realised at elast things : the first one is that it is posbile to learn how to write btete ; t seocdn one thta even hwne oyu can make yoruself generally undrestood . It is not so easy to be presie .
A maigcain uess a dvo and a lbakc hta , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to prepare the trick .
In the same way , I had an idea about the wor but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rluse of grammar if I wanted to do the mgaic tri of preices and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everybody sya it 's the bset period in your whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also teh wor .
Adolesecnce could be compared to an ofgyg ptah nad even when it seems you can see something throw it , in reailt you do n't .
This awful fog is caused by our uncotnrolled emotions .
Evertyihng is unnkow , but we try to pretedn aht we know a lot of things .
This coul be no of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judg us or they bgein osem logn sepeches to try to cahneg our iedsa .
Another thing about the relationships between paretns and adolescents is that they use o minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's a thing to ge under o skinn is wehn mom s something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst part is that they te agnry with us !
We 're ocnufsed , they 're nto clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respetcufl tu somtemies it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with o parents is to find a rot of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only fele anger of them but also a lot of love .
Love : Tha 's a new feenig tha adolescents have to face .
It 's the usual love they usually feel , as lvoe ro family na rfeinds , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that srtuggle ; it makes butterflies fly in our sotmahc , it makes us diev iot a sort of imaginary tel .
Tha kind of love that we see in movies we dream of ; the type of love that eos n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as experience .
Adolescence is ilke tihs , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following on you drown in the da .
edar group leader ,
First of all , I would like to Htank yuo for the interest shwon to ou small vlilag .
I really hope that you have a nice welco dn , lpease , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorc , there are a lot of places to visit . I would recommend you a unique place , without tourists , nsie and rcowded beaches .
In the east of Mallorca you will find a mslal and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the dege of the omuntain rgne of Lelavnt .
Sa oclònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fisheemn villag .
Nowadays , you can sitll ese some fisheremn fish on the seashore .
Here yo advetnure starts .
In order to get to your dsetinaiton you must rid an ibccyle and just enjoy the splendid paonramic view .
You will ride until Ca los Can , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
Htis zone is aptr of a rpotecetd aae , a natural apkr .
For that aeson , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " se hace camino al andra " .
It means that teh mots improtan is t ya , teh jonrey .
Gonig on a bike nae the seahsore with the breez of the air is one of the most relaxing experiences in ilef .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will experience the typical Medietrarnean vegetiton .
There are a lot of terse callde " tamarell " , native tree of the ocas of Mlalorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancitn obelisks which have been ceently retsored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with ston nisteda of sdn and is surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
Tehr yuo c practies dfiferen soprts .
It is a perfect point to go diving because you na see different fish , sea urchins and seaweed .
Teher yuo cna also take a caone nad pdadl in the quiet s .
A ptr fr sports , you should note two different ucltuer points .
On the one hand , there is the remians satndnig of edificatications that were used to eke the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called " Talaiot " .
T ufntcion of the Tlaaiost is n clea ye .
Maybe it was a defnesive tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the baec uitl the US gse won .
The main place in that place is idela a romanitc ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the snu goes behind the mountain rnaeg of Tramuntana .
From taht seashore yuo can ee al ht Alcúai ba , par of eh monutain raeg of Tramuntana and the cape of Formenot .
Ca l acns is an impression of the sea , nature and culture .
I am sru that you will like it and , of course , I ened to ask you a favor : please , kee the secret .
Regards ,
Pual .
Intrdouction .
The purpose of this reoprt is to outline the best and the owrst uqalities of Oyur centre atfre o year .
Th report analyses the two ian facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
Teh yg .
The machines are fantastic and the tsaf is very helpful wit eveyr customers .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is rainy so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming opol .
It is ideal for people who do not compte because of its length , about 20 mterse .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is execllent for people who want to elran hwo to iwm .
On the other hand , the changign rooms are too far from this fcaliity , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
eh facilities are quite modern na eh satff aer excellent b the ygm could be bigger .
Furthemroer , oy would ptu haeters to avoid cold in the passgae way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The ufutre of upbilc Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses dn rsut suwbya triasn .
As technologies develop and become cheaepr omre dn more people buy pernoal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travalling by car is also more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an edn ?
In my opinion , it is n tr .
First , there will always be people who will n be able to afford to buy a ca .
Students , children from large fmailies , lo people will continue to sue public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cras can laos turn out public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Everyone can use the naerest word he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn drivni skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also the true of odler people , who lose the ability to dirve as they gae .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at lesat drunig the neraes tesn of years .
The chart above gives osm information about the avergae monthly salaries of nurses and dcotors in four different countries .
According to eh hcar , the two countries with the lowest salaries are countries A and Country B.
These ones are called " soucre countries " , which means that they provide a suppl of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest sailraies are countries C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destinaitno countrie " because the health service is provided by foreigners and uqalifeid workers .
Moeroevr , in the first three countries doctors aenr about twice as much as a nursery ear , apart from the last cuontyr , Country D. In ihs oen , the salary gap between doctors and nuess is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of odctors abuo htere itmes higher than those of nurs .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standpoint of eh doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , ewll known and ewl lov soprt in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishni , danegrous and dsiliked to the txent that many people want it banned , opssibly iwth good reason .
obixng is a dangreou spor . There are reltaively common daeths , targci injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are at ris from being killed in the next ifght .
If not , iklle hten more liekyl paarlyse .
There have been a nubme of cases in the last ne years of ef boxers ahving trigc losses throughout their ranks .
This is ujts fmo teh eliet fe , and there s mor for those bleow them .
More deaths would occru through boxgn if it were banned .
Th sptr would go unedgrround , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early tsoppign of the fight if someno were unable to continue .
With this going on , people taking part will be dancing , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill a mami in siimlar underwear do fights have already rpovde deadly to innocent people , the new obxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned , no - one grows up nkowign it as acecptable there will be no interest in bxoin and hoepfull elss all round interest in voilenc making towns and cities much safer places to ilev in , teher will be less ifgthing otusdie upbs and clbus and less voiletn tatacks wtih ilttle or no raeson .
change the rulse of boxing slightyl Wodl Muhc improves the safety irssk of the oprt and does not detract from the entertainment .
There are la sorts of proposals , lighter dn omre csuhioning golve oclud be worn , b punches to teh aed , headguadrs ownr or mek fights shorter , as mso of seriously injuirse cocru in the latter rounds . These would all show off th bxores skill and tallent and sitl be etnertianing to wahc .
vee if a boxe is a success and manages on to be seriously uhrt he will face serious consequences in later life dsiease that attack the brains ahv eben know to set in as a dricet result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who is infamous for his boxing and ih quick - witet inetlligence now has Azlheimer disease and can no longer do many veeryday acts .
Man other sports ar more dnageorus than boxing , moto soprts a vene moutnaineering sa risks thta rae rae .
Boxers csoe to bo , just as racin drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there ac be more emphasis on rebellio against oppressive foecs .
Although such a hso of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viwee as a violent dn tehrefore ngeativ contribution to the otehriwse insightful thougth of the uathor , it is this conflict upon which the stories of Amercian literature are based .
However , ushc a rbeelilon can not be seen clearly in cah minortiy wor , a , therofre , the products of etnhic Amrecian literature can not be catagorized as mere teh result of years of oppression .
Rather , this veer - changing and ever - cahllneging aspec of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that eac wkr be ocnsideerd individually as toh a product of eyar of strgugle and a wo inherently disitnct frmo ayn other .
In the minority wkrs , the conflict and rbeellion presented accurately reflects soicety as a whole , and although the motre 's in the Joy cuk Club rebel against such foecs as arranged marirages , Tit in Liek Water f Chocoltae fgihst to overcome odl family traditions , and ht Indian tribes in Love Mediicen struggle to secure hteir inherent rights from th US government , eh characters ' confltcs relfcet smiilra conflicts of other cultrues .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct froce in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force btewee all cultures , for Ceile , too , resists eh arranged marriage in eh Color Pulpe , and the mudrerous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive apsison in ilke Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ehtnci maeircan iltearture , but teh ra portrayed no more strong in mniortiy wosk than they are protrayed in other ipece of literature .
mephaiss changes with each work , and lahtough figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Wtaer for Chocolate and The Colro Purple , ohtre minoryt works icnluding olev Meidcine nad Jazz do n reflect the clearly defined atuhroitarian fiugre no the obvious rebellion of the characters ' rseponsiev atcio hwihc th previousl metnioned works shwo .
htis agin imlpeis that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as emrel rebelliosu erpsonses to popression , or as inidvidual reflections of personal culutral experiences .
How does Voltaire takcle the question of philoosphica optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimism- is the philosophy through anything and ocucrenc is for moe ood .
Voltaire sets you in Candide to irticise this philosophy .
In Candide the representative of tihs philoosphy is apgnloss , the philosohper employed at Thnuder - der - Tronkc .
Teh whole obko is a criticism of l'optimsme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgars ar he is beaten almsot to death b Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the ook he uses his trianing to become a osldier .
Although he wuol esem to be good , it is not because of his training . He ikll two emn , a ej a an Archibsho with no hesitation and he succeeded in killing his ewethearts brother .
ovltarie hso his idslkie of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canddie and Jamse are caught in a bad sotmr at sea in hwihc ajems is drowned a the rae lny thr survivors , Candide , Pangloss and Salio .
hte stmr was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide wa sailing to .
On arrival they saw stavratio and death .
Cadnid is obviously horrifie , especially when the saiolr begins pillaging the icty .
Candide loosk to Panglso of an answer b Pangloss na only etll mi that osme godo will cem of it .
Candide , although remaniing treu to the iedals of optimsim , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Tihs is no more true than when he arrives in the ne World , South America , and has to leave hi dailng Cunégon with the Commissione of t provnice .
Canddie acn on ee wha possible ogod could come of this , especially as the reosn taht he aws in Americ wsa deu to him killin ht ejw a Archbishop ebcause they were ucéogned lovers .
Through the book we begin to ee how Cadnide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or pehrpas omr miportantyl how l'optimisme is shown to be the phiolsophy of despair .
The constant leief that good na come rfom da is not actaulyl insipring btu laeds to a constant flow of disasters .
Cnadied 's ilf , in the obko , appea to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - ed - Tronck because he bmraces Cunégnoed , he is pued by the army , he is caught in an earhtqukae , he is almost iklled as pa of an auto - da - fé , he kills the churchmen , he is aomst eatne , he finds Eldordao ub leaves- the lsit conniues .
Candide 's lief is gorened by his beleif the goo will prveail .
Eventually , of course , he does maryr Cunéogdne ub she is n teh beautiful young flower tah he cne voed .
She has become ug na grwe wores by her dya .
This illustrates emphatically the floyl of l'oitmisme .
Candide has traveled the world in search of Cégnode , with the hope that he will marry ehr depstie all the trouble whcih he h gone through , of course , in the edn he odes gte Cnuégoned btu at the price of his looks and personality .
Vlotaire , in Cnadid , hswos ohw eh philosoph of Oitmism is en of despai n ohpe .
It would be tepmtign to think of the variuos European Communities as an embryonic Untide States of Europe ; especially when we hear poilticiasn talk of the ipmortacne of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a evr long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the origin 13 American states resolvde to form what is no the United States of America , they were intent on fornig a politcial as well as economic etniyt .
htye we are prepared to iyled as much of our own sovereginyt as owudl be essential to allow the nlwy formed national government to operate as a single international oplitical force .
A laance wa threeofre tsurck in the constitutio to lalo the indviidula sttae as much self - government as possible hwile ensuirgn that , for example , in miiltar matter , the central government spoek for all .
It is true that today we still hear the old dsipute ovre tsaet sovreeignty and attemtps to reutr som pwore to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters xeternal to the United States , the government in Awshington represents the sole policy - maikgn doy .
In uerop it is quite lcaer that many people would like to see a politcia union of ht countries since they could produce a forimdabel niterntaional imliatry force .
However , it is uqally clear that while there mig be smo unifie politcial action following from the European Communites ( shc as seen over Europe 's resnose to the British invlovemetn in the Flaklan Isalnds dispute ) , the Communities ewr intendde as purley ecoonmic entitie in the first plaec .
Membership almost certainly inovlves smoe loss of naitonal sovereignty , ubt hte United ikgndom oculd probably leave the community by a smiple amjority vo in the Westminster Parlmaent , something whhc no tsate in the United States can lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Snigl Parliament for Western Europe with power to mkae policial decisions for la ; and even with 1992 approaching a single market , the luf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Palriament will never be challagned .
Its ability to mkae na berka nay l - made by it or ruope - means that it retains full safety .
Ev if today it made laws that would unite it uflyl with Europe a rleinquish ist soverignty veer , it could tomorrow erepal those laws .
The fac that Parlaiment deo not bind istlef or cna not be bound by any poliitacl body means that it can nevr lsoe ti sovereignty unless a majority of the population wishe it and Parliament consents .
But with the avera jiogistic Brino there is no chance of us curing others of our xenophobia and veer wishing to be flly intergrated with Europe .
Eve no the channel tunnel Hsa joined us to the cotniennt We still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hoitle world .
anturall , eh rpoblems of a sinlge Europe wlud run as depely as the benefits that we owuld presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that ofr the past few centureis , Britain has lawyas considered itself to be edtache fro the rest of Europe .
Wehnevre necseasry , she ah allie herse to European powers , scu as in times of wra of exterem idtsrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secu balnce of power on the cotninen , but through history , hsa been mor concerned with her overse empires tna iwht anyhwere ees .
In the last half century , though , hre emprie has diminished and s hsa ah to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isoltaed sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of an isngl Europe .
of insnace , British law is abse largely upon preceednt , thta is Jduge mda law .
We have setablihsed a system of law which datse abc many centuries , and which is iwdeyl konw dn respectde .
There is very little European influence on the law . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many difefrencse .
With the creation of a single Europe , new laws will have to be accepde through eh continent , and it will cause both confuse and conflic .
Teh British tne to be evr proud and possessive of the l , and chanegs may ewl cuas illfeelign and discontent .
Of course , the asme points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Wlil htere ujst be one system ?
Teh country tpyiclaly is against major ahnge and something as fundamental as monye would cause problems if it were to be altered .
O inviidual monetary system , I suppsoe , could be seen as a symbol of svoereginty .
It can be iad that if a single ueorpe was created , problems may arise evr it fundamental politcial problems .
Of course , Britain would have high sovereignty , as would the other ntainos of the union .
It has been suggested that the Single nuino could be based on a basic federa structure , whereby loc autonomy ocul be asevd , but the uino as a whole oculd work together in a democratic mnanre .
To a cerati extent , even if sovereignty is lost , moe national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , weh nuited , Eurepan unity would still , in a sense , be divided .
There will always be aspcets of one soiceyt that th tohesr will never accept .
uerope as a whole afces the same problems , and therefore , if a snigle Euorep was created , uintin Britain , the problems could be detl with quickly and efficiently .
If the Fedearlisst achiev thri amis in an European utiy , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it antoinally , so th individauliyt is pseerved , and that all of their positive features will be nkown .
The problem afcin the Briiths , aelly result of their isolated psa .
The sovereignty of eh naoin h edpe root , dn t fears of lsoing it aer evry graet .
Wheehr this woudl hppen awaits to be seen , and would edpen completely in terms of hte uinon , an hte negtoiations the feelings of the egnreal public dn the citizens leadin ht countries .
With 1992 no noyl a yae aw , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Briian becomes increasingly relevant .
I frimly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of osveerignty ro Britain .
This olss must not woever be negative .
In fatc , in politcial , economics and denece terms I efle this realocation of resources and it will be very positive .
Whilst to a ceratni extent I may be guilyt of haivgn an island metnality , I woudl n't go as far as to sya Britain is in danger of being ll cnotrol ovre to faceless beaurocrats in Bursesls or Strabsougr .
Throughout the world the wind of change is apaprent , but especially so in Europe .
htsi procss will continue and Europe eh rset of the world will evolue or withotu the participation of Birtian in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in t dceisoin amkin whihc will eventually decide the new owrld order .
However , to be fully involved , sacirfice have to be made .
Such sacrifecs will improve the ceratin safety of our sovereingt .
In releqnuishing and thus centralising retaining powers , the ia is on to diminish the strength of individual natoisn and to increase the overal impact of Europe on the world steg .
As amply demonstrated by renet evenst in the Gulf , Euroepna coopeartion in the field of defence can be both imrpessiev and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to ahdn evr all control to defence to any ecntral obyd .
I acn see a future fo some fomr of European rapdi reactio force .
Whil an etxent crippling defen costs could be cut , thi would not necessarily lead to a rdeuction in the size of defenc available .
In political trem , regdrless of legislation , rbiatin li the erst of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of t population ocmposition .
T North Sae will increasingly come to represetn a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for rbitai to work fully with its European partensr to accept these changes in technology .
Piltically we are moving colsre together .
Possibel problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already up us , but for this reason I feel Brtiani should be especially carfelu .
Whit nto pretending to understand this system . I do know that no system can lower ineterst rates , inflation and riasnig growth , with the possible exception of the amigc Cirel .
In the raea of the single course , again I fle tihs is nievitable .
What is important is to base this currenc on strong crurencies with the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I wodl asy a single Eruope is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantee .
Birtani must not concern itslef iwt olss of soeverignty but gai of the European equivalent .
If we miss t baot I think we will rdaw before the NTX boat comes .
hwen t teraty of Rome was gined in 1957 , the foundation was laid ofr a en " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be cerated quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1937 after a naitonal referednum , the edbate began concerning British erlationshpi wtih Europe .
When 199 sa s as the dtae f the single Eurpoena Market , the deba flared up again , btu over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seesm prepared for 1929 but the British seems to be decidedly hesitant .
T ofrme Pri Ministre , Magraert Thatcher was nto been to lead Britani into a United Europe because we felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integretd marte would have multiple benefits for the countries involvde .
ubsniesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 9192 , the single marathon .
Traed will be aesier , with no frontier controls allowing fere flwoign transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms a free competition with the removal of rpotcetive practices , along with graete freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has afftced rbitai to mcuh already , with decimlaizatio , the new Euro - psasports a now teh podn sterlin being tied to the ECU .
htye may fee Briian is being pulled itno Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , effecting day to day mattesr , to cretae a " Euroepa Standard " .
This ma makes irtons rseentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A sinel mraket rqeuires one centrla institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Wll the people of Britain be prepared to gvi up their government and be directed to Strasbuorg or Brussels ? .
Many people wlud not .
Wli the day cmo weh the pound setrling is taekn voe by the ECU ?
It may well - ubt will the Britons have a chance to experience their opinions and vwes ?
Euorpe mya argue that the benefits from a single integrtade market would afraid outweigh yn national drabwacks .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britnos to Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and considre positive effect .
Wlil Britani be darwn in Europe againts st iwl ?
Prehasp as omre of Britani becose " Eurofied " , Briotns will awk up and see their soveeringty is bien takne awya .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Euroep .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit orm rfe trade .
We have been an islan f oo lo - ieng independent na ab to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which means people would not want to give this up .
A fully intgearted amrke with Britani as a flu emmber would be to the detriment of o political system and conseqeuntly lead to a los of sovereignty .
There sa been such a lot of atlk bauot a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upno us very easily .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probabiltiy , the question in the minds of myn Brotns is nidee : Will this mean a loss of soverengty fro Britain or the birth of a natio ?
First , an opsitvie pproach .
Lokoing at things from an economic perspective , this is on a prolbme .
The benefits in tersm of cost - cutting ownig to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firsm , because of bieng alb to oplo htei resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will miprove .
Europe will theerfore be a nation to be rceknoed wtih as regards cmopetiiton .
To order at thisg on a roe individual veel , the memeb of the new Single ueroep 's standard of life should increase .
A greater potential of ideas form a gretaer number of epxert will , in theory , result in more knowledge a better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's kye aims , wiht ht id that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be hppier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , there should be more equaltiy , less rcim , greater productiviyt and gerater economic growth .
On the other hand , will htis Signel Euro ema a loss of soevreignt for Britain ?
It must be remembered that only Britain has a small population compared to the amojrity of the other member states , tu it is an isldn - which none of the others are .
Why should htis matter ?
We , Brita have quite a history and there are a number of traditions .
It is impossible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lsoe its identtiy .
Britons ( especially those of younger generations ) then felt " lost " and that they do to really " belon " any more .
The new Snigel Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make tier allegaince to it .
Thne there is a question as to whether all this idealis relaly will work .
Will three be greater prosepirty , better - informed , ahppier citizens , or will this never cmoe ff because of politicians being unable to agree on pilcies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matetsr , taking a deifnit stanc on what it considers to be rihg .
sa it tne not got quet a lot at satke , its character at least , in itnergating itself itno this Single Eurpoe ?
No one would disupt that this is a difficult question .
Teh afct reamin however tah next year ( in 199 ) there is going to be a Sinel Europe .
This , as everyone is wle awer , is ont going to be achieved with aees , but the more tolrenat evre members tsate of each another , the more successful Singl Europe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept the fatc and to show an example by leading the way as reagrds toleranyc .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
T Eurpoaen Community is a uniuqe gorupin of twelve sovereign European Member States which are commtited to the development of olser economic and politica co - epration .
hte community has an aim to break the economic and physical barriers that have traditoinall divided Europe .
In praticular , the community seeks to facilitate erater omvement wtihi ist frontiers ; movement n not of goals but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certanil a much detaed no . To what extent should a member hand oevr its sovereignty to the Cmoumnity , if at all ?
We us olok at the foudnign of the European Community , ebofre we discuss the issue of sovereginty in more detail .
Ther we sevearl attempts at epaceufl unification after the First World War , tu only atfre Europe ha agia been devastated by the future of national rivalr truyl apparent .
eh political and economic exhaustoin of eh European states clalde fo a first start and a ra mroe radical aprpoach to the re - ordering of ueorpe .
This fresh start came about because of three amazing facotrs .
First , wa Eurpo 's realization of h own weaknesses , after ahvign lost he age - old position at the centre of the world stayed to the Uinted States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpoewrs wer economically , miliatrally and poiltically srtonegr than the divedd individual European sttase .
Sceondly wsa the ocnviction that military cofnlic should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wasr had both begun as Eurpoaen " icvil awsr " . Thirdly , the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relatiosn would be conducted in a more oredrl way .
One of the first major moves towards European integratino was the creation of the European Economic Comumnit , in 195 .
st members have grown from the two original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innoavtive featur of the European ocmmunit compared with other international bodies is that the member states have considered it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with o sovereign power , which they can to adopt acts , having the fcre of antional law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
T 1970 's made progress in inetgration , with the introductoin of communit oplicy instrmuents , which enabled geratre scpo for national policies .
All of the members sttae agree in pirncilpe to the death of a single raket by 199 , however aec sih their own interests to be safeguarded .
That is to say that none want to sacrific their national soreeignty , mayn want unanimous voting , no majority voting .
amny s tsi issue as a threta to their own regulations dn lasw , and could foresee a dorp in stanadrd if they do not satnd fmr .
The situation is esne as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly gvi up their sovreeingty for the sake of Europea unti .
Whether or not , the continuation of hte progress in the fiel of European history is sucessufl edpedns ver mhc on the eppole of Europe .
If a feleign of European uinyt develops and can be sustained , the thrta will disappear as a feeling of identity atkes over .
On Britain roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The roa netrok is no olnegr abel to control this trfafic with high - ups and traffic jams ..
To remedy ihs teh govenrmetn has started adding a fourth lane on some streche of oru motorawy and construction ring roads and bypasses , with mixed rceeption .
While the road system is being improoevd tehre semes to be an enldses serei of roawdokrs wihc restrcit teh hgihwyas and cause further edlya whlie the raodworks er in place .
The inability to cope with the ammuont of traffic on the road yssetm obviously incresaes the risk of driving hvaing an accident dn the drivesr have to be constatnly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the arilways .
People are not taking to the Rai system because of its lack of integartion due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
eh mian disadvantage with the riawlays is as the ial service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies . It is reasonable that it is not possible to get onto a bu off the train .
If the services were intgerated there would be a b time table which cioncided with the train arriavl time .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would n have to look forward to a lno wlak , wati fo a ob or an expensvie txa ride .
My solution to the problem owul be to improve the ial system and ti eralted bus services . thi would get people off the road and not the trains .
To improvoe the rail service trains have gto to be timed to arrive at a depar at key hours , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past isx .
The train and ubs companies have to liase wit eahc others a hte trai far hav to remia relatively cheap i.e. the smae price or ses as it owuld cots to go by cra .
The basic dielm facing the UK 's rail and raod tnasport ysstem is the general rise in popularity .
This elads to an inceraes in the number of commuters and transport esrs ever year , cosnequently increasing pressure on the U transport netwrok .
T ibggest wroyr to the system is the rapdi rise of car ures uotside eh maojr cities .
Most large icties have managed to icnuorage commuters to upbli transprot htu edcerasing mjaro conjestion in suh hours peirods .
Public transport is the ovboius soltuion to to the increase in populatio If it is maed chpe to commtures , clean , eays the environment , then it oculd tak the strain of the overloaded British roda .
For commuters wh rgeularyl travel long ditsacnes , transport should be more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being etxended , iwdneed and swoly turning the country into a cnocrete jungle yte it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is teh opllutoin emitde into the atmosphere daamging the ozone lyaer , creating smog and forming aci arin . Tourutrnig the aetrh we are living on .
In concluding , I wish to apply clean , efifcinet ocmfrotable and clean public transport for the near future .
eh modern traffic ja is now a familiar situaito to nerayl la of the western worlds population .
If eevyr itme we su oru acsr to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mi tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in scu emander ?
To lilistraet my point , if everyone tmie you otok a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone wodl tso takign it .
So why do we still isnist on travelling on t rao ?
The answer mo likly lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to trvael in su a mnanro ' .
This is , in my opinion , swos considerable ignorance .
I am by far adn away no ' greeny ' hw wants to make everyone live in tipee 's ea soya bean soup , however I do argee aht somtihng ohuld be oden about the volume of trafci htat is on ou roads toad .
The governments answer to the considerbaly growing number of traffic on the roads . it just to move , they are even trying to treat the cause , tehn more and more people er on driving .
We all fee that we ahve a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at hte nevironmental cost ?
Just beause we can to be boteherd to get out of bed a b earileen to catch public tarnspor .
evn if we di , then shoyl so dse the rets of the world .
That could cause disasteruos ipmlications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the pbuilc transoprt sevrice , ofr exapmle rli , is declining so cuh , there is no train to catch in the omnring .
People stopped using trains because of the fal in standar , thes people were froce on the roads , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and sevrice cut bcak , foreigners omr people noto the roads .
T whlo ssyte sa now formed a spiraling circel of road ues .
htis ha wo bne intensifyed wti the sal of the railway , to priivte rail companies , rpfoit motivated .
The ivtal , smal aril links amy no be clsode , priviously ehy ehre subsuidsed to make up t loss , no private companies can nto afford to do this , so many iwl clsoe , ctuting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle would be to break it . The only people to do tsi is the government or others . If we make ht effort to use public tarnspotr it will expand itno a good servec . Uofrtunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this eda .
otdya , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV chanensl comeptein for coverage of certain venets a figthesr earning a lto of mnoye . thi is a ibg buisenss .
paar fro athletics , boxing seems to be the onyl popual international sport from which Britain can still hdl to head ihg .
We have sueprb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennox Lewis , Ingel Benn , Nahseme Hmaed and ou ebloevd Frank Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head ac casu ht rbain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain cto or tumor .
Last year , teh figh between hcris Eubank dn Micheal Watson de to cal f boxing to be banned wehn Micheal Wtason slipped itno a cam and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many yotuhs in olw incom areas see obxing as ' a way up ' , a chance to make it to the top and aenr a lot of money on t awy .
Three ar , however , people who regard boxni as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These epopel ragu that there is no ne fo boixng nad hta it only promotes violence .
Duirn ht fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , b htis is controlled vioelnce and foreigners have an umtua respect for aec oteh .
All precautions aer atekn to ensrue a safe fight .
Druing fgihst dotcros kept close to the ring and have eh auhtorit to call it off premautrely if erquired .
Ambulances are always kept on stand by at ibg events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe tta yn gihter h entered a professional boxin ceremony without knowing the risk .
Because there are so many budding young obxers , to ban boixn would be insane , since it would almost certainly go nuderground .
Underground fights are afraid more dangerous since less protective methods are used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking htis into account and cosnidreing tha bxoing is abtu uhtring hte poponetn , it ca be said that boxing is a relatively safe spor .
Although afraid less popular , there are other sports which are afraid more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Tha obxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elwos .
Teh argument continues , but for the skae of safety in the long term I do not think bxoign will be abnend .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Tow emn , oen rgn , on en c lvae . Dramatic it may be btu basically tha is the main pricnipal of obxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sasitic side , sohudl boxing be banned ?
Eevry time an obxe gets punched in the head , Si barin omve vigorously inside hsi sklu .
This casues hte obxer to loes many bra cells re boxing fight a If tihs occurs frqeuently tne the boexr can ne his career with brain dmaaeg .
In my eyes na probayl ht eyse of othre this is resaon enough f eh abnning of bxoing .
That sport to the least is actuayl a lboo sport . The main reason behind the idea of the spor is to ' konck yoru oppositino out ' , although hti is argued by Chri buank he believes he is a sportsman and eh diea of boxing is a rat form , he sa that he doe not specifically go nito a bxoing rgn to knoc ihs opnoent out but to win on ponits dfifreences and to gvie Chris Euabn his just respect most of ihs fihgts ahev been no on ponist .
tu ther is one exception - the original example , teh fir refreenc wh boixn should be bnande , the tragic acicdent where Michael awtson aws tu int a cmoa by Chirs Eubank ( eh ma wh does n't specifically go in fighst to onck his opposition out ) .
ihs example noyl proves oo well what an adngeorus so - called ' psrot ' boxing is .
The boxing federaiton is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer hvanig urngisde docros , banning ba hand fights ubt hte to and obtotm of the argument is that any olw to the haed acusse consedrable maage .
There is always cuh speculation over the dgners of su a brutal psotr as boxing .
Tih is emphasised and exgageraetd hwen a competior in the sport tgaically dies .
A recent death in the ring hsa ineivtalby led to a public uproar about the safety of the soprt , and the controvesy over whether the oprt should be banned or not is yet agni the forefront of the situation .
Let us consider how a professional bexr would feel .
He is clearly one of the dagners and brutalism of eh spo , which is psosibl why he enjsy it so much .
I ahve ye to hae an obxre regret h choice of career .
The excitmeent of being in t rin , the joy of knocking an opponne onto eh canvas , and all the mnoey tah is teher to be amd rae overhwelming factros ihch keep boxers fgihtnig .
Teh moen tah is there ro ht tkaing fro the very best of ht ebts is ridciuluos , and with some top boxesr earning susm of mon suc as £ 20 million ( or in Mike ytsosn cmoeback case , $ 60 milloin ! ) it is hardly surprising h important the sport can be to som .
Le us consdier ' Sky ' viewes , erecntly beginning a subscriiton to eiw Tysons " next Liv Lights " .
This member of the public does not want teh soptr to be bnaned either .
Nwo l us conisde the friends or family of a obxer , hwo h been permanently injured ( or been klilde due to a fight ) .
htese indiviudals and others learnin about the tragic incident in the media rpotest agains srot .
afmily , hw weer origniall against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport wodl be elading the protests again boxing .
Oh pleased , proud and patriotic the Irtish Publi fe hwne Frank Burn achieved ih utlimaet gaol and became the heavyweight champion of teh wolr , yet h sorr man weer to see him return to boxing after his injuries ealrier in hsi carere .
The yhpocirtical view is sohevd by so many tta whether Boxni should be abnned or not lil reamin a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There are 2 main objections raised against the intrdouction of the national lottery .
The first was the idea that the laundry would be little more anothre than of taxtaino , in cat , noe tahn that , a ta on hte pro .
The second dn objection came from charities who predicted that charitabel donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that more of the money was spent buying the itcket would go to charyt .
There w also some controversy ovre the awardnig of the lottery organisation franchise , whihc evenutall ewnt to Camleto , which wa not seen as the strongest cnotender for hte bi : other companies or consortuism promised to igv omr money to charity with low runinn cos .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profst to chairty , btu was erjecetd .
My main objection to Camelot as the lotteyr ogranisre is that a laeg proportion of the consoritmu are American or foreign frims . f example , IMb has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The rbitish national lottery is run by British firms .
Since its nitroduction there has been a controversy over the national lotetry .
Wehn it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable casue , it neglected to pormis hta most or all of ihs omne wuodl go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocaoin of Omney .
For example , 3 mililo pounds ree given to Eton college and of the rich public schools for a gmynsaium money was also given to the royal oper house .
The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the person to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered laegation that it is additcive , especially with the introduction of scratch cadrs .
It has been clamie that it is so addcitiev that people will spend all their available chs on lottery tickets , noly to be disappointed .
It bee calculated that only 4 people out of verey people recieved by the lottery go to chairatble course . The result is tax eh rpize fu , rpofits , and the so called chartiies .
It h al bene calcluated that the chances of writing anything susbtantial is en in the millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jacopts are too high of the lukc winners have asi tmeselves that the jackpot had ruend their lives , laenating them and friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be ertained , but not in the present rom . I think the jackpots should be cpape at 2 million pounds , and the pirze fnud share ebtwene mo people : it is btete to gvie ofrtee people a ofrtun tahn to give fourteen fotrunes to noe eprsno .
I wuold also remove any American business interests and giv th charity money to more diservnig ' chairt ' .
With the ltoteyr is in plec , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers no odmniate the amjoirty of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of uhamn life .
In many ways , it has taken the palec of the human brain in perfroming calculations and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the claculator , a nistrument sude by mathmeitcians and scientists to make numeriacl calcluations .
This sa made it no longer necessary for humans to perrom calculations na nuclear through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them nay longer .
This , unfortunately , emans that the genius scientist is ebnig replecd by the opwerflu computer and st poerator , w enesd only to know whci buttosn to press .
Th ya seems an xeterme view , as there is still umhc in the wolrd of maths and science ihch a computer can not calculate , but there may not be eh cas centuries int the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records . They have a but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may wlel be afraid of a computer scree and keybaord in hteir Gneera Studies xeam ) , they rae uesd to transfer money across th globe , even to cerate artwork adn to entertain .
Computer egnerated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn frmo equations , appear to be more popular tah hadn printde images rfo an artits 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than na agme or activities that kaes place in th era , physical world .
Vritaul reailty allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment creaetd ofr them by a computer .
Whether or not , the computer is takin ov from the huamn brain , it ha certainly amde humans bo all ubt erdundant .
People , citizens or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax macihens , e - mail dn the Internet , and some people prefer those forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be rtansferre instnatl without vene eneding to mvo the actual money - the hpysical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer recorsd that satte how umhc aec bank ha ownership of .
However , the idea that the hmuna brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers ac not deal with human biengs , have no capatiy for ocpign with anything outised thei expected situations , dn can not adapt to new situations using technology .
Huma beings often without logic or reason , and only other human beings ca cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to tkae cotnro - such as an ailrien pilot , and there is a certain atssk oyl a human benig c eprform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expresse joy , triumph , pdie and perplexity .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imgae of the TV , expceitng something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remembered tah d it sa teh noyl point of conversation at school : " Have oy ehrad ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all ihs time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We al felt that we were livin no of those historic moments that oyu erad about in history boo nad weer rpuod to be a part of it -- It was December 9 , 1989 , hte da that the awll fle in Breli-
iwthin a ef eeks , the ecxitement had died down na poelpe h runed hteir attentino to mor recent night .
ub ofr me , this is just the start .
It was the tsar of whta you now as - President Bus likes to refer to as " oru " winning of the Cold aw --
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their effort would not avin -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist rgemie that hda n allowed them to express themselves freely or to leaev their hoemlansd in search of a new ilef -- Many pepole had tried to esacpe .
Some hda was executed -- I had a classmate whose father ahd escaped from Hungary -- He ahd left his family and friends , his whole life and he set up for EWTSERN Europe with little money .
I da asked ih once if he da n't been scared , scared of what he would fdn once he lef --
He told me that nothing oculd ocmapre to the way he had ebne ofrced to liev si lif thre -- Even though I had lost touch with his classmate , her father 's owrsd were with me as I watched eh eevnst unfold in Gemrany --
obsltered by the Geramns ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poladn and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- on , hundred years later , comumnism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are hapeir or ont , I cna on s --
However , they will have at last seen the " toehr sed " .
hteri struggles na hopes of forty years will n ha been in vian -- Without the " events of Berli Wall " hitsoyr porbably wolud n hvae taekn a very different course -- Eventually , I think thnigs owudl hev turned up as tehy di --
However , history can not be rewritetn nad as tihgns through the afl of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of ohep and struggle in the re of the Esatren Bloc -- As such , it w the catlasyt force that led to the end of the Codl ra an tehrefroe , though we ya to always remebmer t othe significant veents , we will awlasy rmeember teh day th wlal fle --
The development and implementation of technology has affected scoietise in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain obcet in praticluar , ubt of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both ht colses friends a te the greatest Nemesi of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the prat of the world . They have providde an ilvnig for my family . They have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horiznos of poe and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , gnineering , na even ht less voret conrres of o ilves .
T One of the measn humans have developed is wherein the greatest rpbolems lie .
Anoe , they do n theraten us , but hwne they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our soceities , they ebcom potentially the most dangerous things that we hodl in uo ahnd .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to fee that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
I owuld concur that a great majorit of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In school , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I ca to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Mihcigan .
Explaining tta Sapin w locatde across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of oru wlrd .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. tha can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted eh asm " I am a esl - sufficient- I do n't nede any lep " type of mentality that will solve destro us .
Our waarneess of other people , other cultures , and ohtre languages is very low on the priority of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I wsa nubale to study ayn foreign lnagugae at al , and vene at that time I had only one chocie of lagnuaegs- German .
iscne I was twelve , I had an itnesne deisre to learn Spnaihs , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn the language .
Mi is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing whlie my uontry lags behind in its selfish self - satisfcaiton .
Maybe people argue nowadays that , whether adevnt of computer technology , our mental arihtmetci is poor and we have become a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portalb calculating machines ( calculators ) means aent that we no longer need to be able to work ou sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many schools , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the ismplets of sums without the aid of their tisl .
In many areas , the sikl of human judgeemn ahs been erplcaed by fsate , more accuart , comptuers .
Many people have have their job positoins takne evr by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the present when computer databsaes .
ubt even suc emnila tasks such as filni are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificia intleilgence ( AI ) , you hear many funny atles from people who are convinced that computers are coimgn alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who ahve nothing to do with computers and wh do not realise that even eveyr computer is a problem .
Even ' atrificial intelilgence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still owrk out how to build ht computer , how to program htem and , more important , how to control technology .
As for making hmua brani redundant , computers can help to improve elarnnig skills . They teach , tets and improve your linguistic skills .
Reflexes are imporve ( and ihs h been scinetifically proven ) by playing ocmpuetr games , teh very asme things that parents say utrn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can xeapnd ru imagination and convert our iedsa into comptuer simulated model , eanbling us to design buildings an orda networks .
eh computer revolution has not made our brasn redundant , it has opnee up arsa of them we neve enw exitsed !
It is now the age of hte compuet .
Almost everyone has a computer or h access to one .
Computers nowadays are an af cry for the ones in the apts which fill whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazilgy accurate graphicla representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equatoisn in just a second .
ocmptuers have become a hug apr of uor ilves in the areas of education .
But ra tehy scuh a good thing ?
When calculators came laong a dorp in ability of students to mentla arithmteic was obivous na onw tehy er used for the simplest calculations .
The cmoputre oclud do the saem tihng .
Computers encourage lazinses in the egneral public , w work out something themselves when the computer can do it for them .
This is evr ti asving and effiicen btu it is cauisng people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use an " epllcheck " to ocrerct your English , which is basrud .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
Tihs must be agrude to be educational .
However , hti is kililgn the imagination of children and they spend their time sitting at a keyboard tappin away in the domo and lgoom of their house .
They should be enjoying themselves and gaining experience for themselves instead of reading about thme on a flight screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computer and have ' relationships ' .
I fin this preposteorus an oeple rae losing the ability to communicate and fomr relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the uh - drum rouiten of daily life by mnas of games , but they are mi - numbing a un - inevntive .
However , there is always a dangerous threat from computers , it is that ehy ca do eh wo for man .
This codl leda to high unemployment .
These people who owr the computer for long periods of time ady face problems .
The repetino of tappgn eky la day and strain on the screen can be hamrufl and ont only that it is highly obirng to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future tu what ptr will man have in the future .
Three will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at hem , people would hardly ever atkl nad the only career available would be for coupter pgorammers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not live through their computers and be so reliatn on them .
Tehy should read books and lvie more in order to ergai hteir lots of imagination and sense of adventure .
Aos , in schools I feel that work should be done mianyl by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts nad gaai hvae norla epolpe .
There are many beneficial aspects of gentic manipulatio .
These includ : the erasion of idenitficatio of harmful herediatry egnetic disodrers and the development of hybrdi high - yield crpos .
There can be no dbut that genetic manipulation and economics engineering have highly bneeifcial eefcts on many areas of science .
Hwoeevr , many people dilskie or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
aptrly this is a ' Fra of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of private and anaml lief is beyond comprehension f most people , and therefore provokes fear .
Wta epopl have also become waare of , is the immenes power which geentic manipulation ca igv to certian inidviduals .
ihs has bee very good to fe oppluar culture ( the film ' Jurassic Pakr ' being an obvoius reference point ) .
There is also hwoveer , the very real poisbility thta the woer of genetci manipulation ocul becomes the posssesino of uncontrolled unregulated indivduals who could sue it fo evi puopses .
This then , is an argmuen against scientists bearing omral responsibility for their work .
Nothing in life can be imsused .
Whether it be a kitchen - nkif us to sba smoeone , a car used to run somoeen voer , or something as harmeless as a pliolw used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if imsuse , cna hvae hramful fefcets and geneit engineering dn genetic manpiultaion a no excetpion .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipluation amy be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , thi is purely a subjectiv vi by presetn - dya satndards .
Cretainly we would nto hodl the makers of a cra or kitceh - knef ersponsible fro their misuse , a hteer is no reason why scienitsts should bear the major burden or rseponisbility if gneeti manipulation is up to imsuse .
The fudnamental flaw in saying csinetists must eba the major ubrdne or moral responsibility for their work , is that if thsi ha eben applied nuiversalyl for centuries , scientific research would nvee have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quiet sipmly , anything aboev the du hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and ntaural part of the human condition for bettering itses .
The other fundamental lfwa is assumnig that individual scientists have respnosbiility . Sceicne is a porecss of discoveries rather than creaoin , ie .
No - one created genetic manipulation , th pwoe of it w ther to be discovered .
If no scientist does not make a discovery tne anohter noe wil .
It is unafir to hold responsibility the sicnetist on the ofre front of human knowledge , w discover something when another situation in another part of the rold makes the discove indepnedently afterwards .
The nol argument for making scientists respnosibl ro tehri wokr , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it wuodl need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carr it out , and before an individual scientist could be responsible .
Bu , onec geneitc manipulation has become common - palc in the future , nad it is not only the domain of scientists , hte roiginasl scientists who discovered genetic manipulation ca n be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarcyh .
Some of the aer listed below :
eh divisions in theri fmaily and eh fight between rpinc and the princse of Walse and the possibiltiy of ht divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or htnik ) that they do not do anything because they are rich and also they do not pay taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is abolishing in many countries a Many countries are republics so Mnoarhcy should be abolishde in this country ot .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy .
For example , many people like the Rola family or ohnes people do not like the politisions that always lie .
I think the royal afmil adn Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is konw by st oryal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In ht ned I thni if amn peolpe awtn the Moanrchy to be albishde a general leectino should be aclled and then ese if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Virto fertliisation " is the fetrilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in a nevironment which will potimise the chanecs of fertilisation by the spmr fr the father .
cne feritlisatio has occured teh fertilised egg is implantde back nit teh mothers wmo and from there on the prenganc will be onrmal .
Nroamlly more than 1 gg is tkaen orm the toher so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnant is unsuccesful or so tah more than en c be fertilised at the same time to increase the chances of a successful pregnancy .
Th uusalyl elads to multiple births ie .
Twisn , Tripelt etc .
There are people who gaains this , believe it is not natural and is it fia to hte hcil have started lef in a set tube , as they believe life starts from the momen of conception .
There are tehic involvde whereby hw is given the treatmen and w is n't ?
At what age should hte treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on virto fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles of exmapel .
ht people who er for this grue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who wolud not onrmally be able to have children ca not do so with invitro fertilisation .
Throuhg no fault of ehr o s could have a blkced fallopian tube acusnig re to be unable to lalwo geg down to the wobm and it is only fair in hleping h to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so , ethisc and practica gudielines have bne lfet behni .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
1 . Fertiilyt treatment should not be igvne to post - menopausal women .
hte menouase is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your husband is no longer capable of berain a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lygn aobtu ehr eg sa given in virto fertilisation ( Fv ) .
I do n't think this is fair or mroalyl correct to hte child since her mother would be clmiing her cousin 's aws at primary school and her mother would probably die while the hcidl was in her teens .... theer hsould be a etts taht is given bfeore ( IVF ) is carried out to hcec th mother is no past the menpoause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
T foetuses will have bene aobrted for a reason , for example : if it was the result of an arpe or if it had congnetial deformitise .
There hsolud be a guideline or law stating that eggs should be taken frmo the mother and on rfo dead foetuses .
Sicence has been in dramtaiaclly since the C19th .
Many new things have been invented and many things medcially have changed .
People in our modern tmise are now able to have liver , heart and eevn lnu transplants . There are many copmliactions ubt man are succesufl .
People are abl to have a whole blood suppl if theirs lacks sfuficinet requirements or , a bone marr tarnsplant if hte olod alcsk wihet clls .
Al the above are carired up on livi epopel , ub nowadays , biological opertaions can be acrreid on humans who are not even born .
Bodies acn satr hteri ady in a test tubes .
htsi is called ' in vtir fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from an owman alced into a tes uteb and then sprem is put in to the TTS teb and the egg and psrem fes together .
The tets tube is then icnubated for a few weeks and when the fetosu is formed , the baby is thne insreted cak in to the mother .
Teh eftosu is left to grow nad edvelpo anturall .
Tihs idea is etxremely beinficia to Marri copuels hw haev been trying for a baby tu ahv bne unsuccesful rae albe to have children .
In vitro fertilisation allows the abb to rgwo indie , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart from her . This would not happen if the couple adotped .
What I do fee is ehticall incorrect is whether a woman who is post - menoapusal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken a course to tell her she is too old to have ayn children so hwy ohuld have o implanted with her .
It is not fair on the hcild because when it rgwos up na a st friends aer playing with their 30 - 40 year old parnets , ti omhter could be rdaiwng their pension dn I am usr sh would not feel like playing with re chlid .
Als t mother ma dei of old gae before the child led a full lfi na this wolud be uafir to the hcidl .
The child may al have to look after mother in her old age .
As the feotus begins its lfi in a tset tube , and the spe is leected , this means that of the srem could also be selected .
One way eh es can be cohesn is by using egnetic .
Teh owemn ha 2 X chromosomes a the m has one X and a Y - chormosomes .
Teh wya in which the s ca be seelcted is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromsoome .
T X chrosoome sperm is silghlty higher than the Y so they can be separated .
If t mother awnt a b Y eprm is selected if a girl ex is separated .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decilne in the other .
As a result , ihs would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , wta hapepns if most people ht yaer uo er obnr are em dn uo aer a woman , thsi would be the unpopular sex .
Sciecn is prgoressing th mie , b is it fro the bets ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop etaing beef at the moment is the threat of BS .
This is a viral disease that tatack the central nervous ysstem hwich can be passed on through cnosumsuming eh animal .
In ocws it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showign their sgins must be destroyed or sold for meta .
The problem is , however , the signs have not shown for a long time , htis being a viral disease .
It c be passed on to uhman through etaign parst of the animals such as the bari which is affetced and these ptrs er usually osl na tu into sat foods such as beef buregsr .
The re of the maet howeve is eraltively saef and eating , e.g. a seta offers only little chance of the disease being apssed on .
However , the Brisih press has ignored ihs afc na blown the isutation out of proportion ocnsidreing only a very small number of people have suffered from eh disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to tspo eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a mu smalle threat to the tarde than hte fromer poi atu BSB .
These fcaotrs could have a considerable imapct on the industrial industry prevenitng the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Birtai but for xepotr also .
With global communications as good as they er wo , it could send a scare across the owrl aobut British Bee - inde rfanec and Germany already have restircted and someplaces banend the sale or ioprt of Birtis ebef of fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , dairy farming a the asel of Befe proudct still forms the backbone of British garciulture and would completely hcange the afec of farmnig in Bratin .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , sbustantial changes owuld be needed to change the siutation .
epople throughout the United Kingdom ewer , doubtels shocked and perhaps upset by imgae in eh national perss nad televisio enws of cows who ahd contracetd hte disees obvine spnuigform encehplaapthy , or B .
T so - called ' ma c diseas ' seemed to mak the cows los lal sense of balance and direction , stumblnig around drunkenly .
Herds wheer htis disease aw fonud were put down before teh problems progressed further .
Thos cows which ha ebne upt odw ewre not used for ofo .
eh disaees nifect the cow , and is then present in eh spanl fludi within t ipne and the rbai , and as the spnial fluid is usually split in the salugther of tatle for mea , t sik of contamination of the meat and one the indsutry sa ont willing to take .
Teh human disease , Crentzfel - Jacob disease , or Jc , is believed to be a human fro of BSE , although no clear link has been established between the two .
It is uncelar whether the incidence of CDj is on the irse , or whether awareness of the condition is high . tu more cases , Frmo al gase ahev been diagnosed recently , and the disease is lawyas fata .
The government insists , perhpas correcyl , tta rbitish beef is perfectly asf to e .
However , people are geniunel scared of the prseence of t disease in the U.K. , and many are asbtaniing from eaitng bfe .
Mnay cshoosl have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork dn chicken , and saels of beef have shown a dceline .
The implications of the beef industry ocul be rather esrious , wree everybody to boycott beef products .
To compenstae , eef prices have dropped , in attmepst to sell more meat , ub the public remains sceptical .
If befe continues to fla from favoru , the bfe indusrty 's future will be uncelar .
Bfe products a pseent in ma foodsutfsf such as jellies , fruit gmus , and of cuorse stock ucbes .
Would la ehse products have to ifn synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the neitre bee idnustry were to grind to a halt , the numerosu heads of beef acttle worldwide would no longer be nedeed , bu , being bred as tehy ra , for bfe , they would be useless of mil products .
Not all beef ac be infected , though , dn ht sittaion ahs become a waiting game .
ro beef to be rrpeived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the seintists to establish whether or not BEs and C er ilnked , and , more importantly , whether the latter ca be ocntractde by eating meat ocntaminated with the forre .
The nation awaits the vredict on etnterhooks , a it is in the majority 's inetersts th htree be no proven link .
Wat hti psace .
Personally , I believe that it is mere that am is bteetr at diangosnig Jc n tna ever before .
Some reports say that it na take up to 20 years to develop , so we cuold la lareday ahev it .
Whatever you believe , I hsal contniue to enjyo my rsat beef nad Yorskihre pudding , thankyou .
htere ahs eben a big csar in Britain ceently that some befe may contain B ( obvine spogniofrm encephaolptahy ) which may ela to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jac idseas ) .
BSE is a dsieas in ocsw that effects thei brain na siprla tissu ( or ofla as it is sometimes known ) .
Aft a fwe reported case of JcD , a similar rom of the disees found in uhmans , it is thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BS ) is t caes .
Research believes that aetign beef contains offal which causes the fatal disease to humans .
htsi ciam ah dveestated the British beef idnustyr as eppole are now too csarde to ta beef in case they contarct the illnes .
Although the price of beef in America has dropped by about 15 % and in Britain th ahev dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scineitsts sa that to octnract C part of the csw offal must be cotnanied wtiihn ht ebfe .
Customers are tsill reluctan to eat t meat because it sa co fmo moe ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine , htsi ah h had a tremendous influence on salse in USC as fsat fo restuaranst hwree beefbugrers ra the ma ietm on the menu .
An example of this is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice saying that their hamburgers are made from 100% of the first , pure bfe and contain no offal .
In my viwes no ahfl dceen restauratn with a good reputation wou sik biyng poor beef in acs a cusotemr acught CJD and tehy amanged to tcae it bac to eh erstauratn .
An otucmoe like this would mean htey would be used fro several htousansd of pnuds and owuld probably have to esll up .
As a result of a olwe beef dmean in plcaes of food production , there woul be a olwer need to be co .
htis emans that there uold be an excess of be ( or an eef omnutain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of bfe would have to decraese in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim aht beef conatinign contaminatde ofafl ma caues C in humans , farmers ( in praticular beef farmers ) are losin up as they will have to sell their meat at a lower price ud to the low dmenad .
As a ersutl hte may have to diversify toawrd othe raaes such as corps , imlikng cows , etc . or even have to g a government subsidy .
I feel that the eviedcne that BSE causes C was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnceessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and bee mraket .
The question of copmensatio for sevriecs rendered is so simple as remitting a predetermnie aslray based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the tasks at hand .
If one ha preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will ecrtianly be disappointed since some employees are sure to value their skills and abilities more than others . "
Contributio to society " is subjcetiev and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 9120s in America , it ebcame very popular to disadin people who did not actually rok a livign , but mreely lived off the inetrets of their investments .
The stock market was expeirencnig a obmo , and several ofmrerly working - clas citizens became waeltyh an reilshe teh id of retirnig aeryl .
ub seevrla rgea authosr of tah peirod questnoed the giht of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they earned money , ubt they contributed nearly nothing to scoieyt .
People hwo inherit money or li off the interest of investors fotne esme to spend their time in search of a new thrill , the sort of excitement that money can n buy .
Hivng almost complete wealth changes people , both those who rae obnr itno wealth and tohs hwo aern their own money on .
Do they have the right to live this way ?
hwta about people who work very ahrd te they sme to be pa miserably .
A migrant work amy slave away in a file all day alone and making more money in a dya than a wealthy presno spneds on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's efelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to enr money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's insurance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rhter ahdr view owudl be that if osmoene who works on a menai or physically atxing job does ont kae a fair or moderate salary then it is ihs or her own ualt ( or bad ulck ) .
These opinions are bsaed on a rather fault American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
Apparenlty , many people believe that they are underpaid and that teachers are overpaid .
ro intsanec , everyone seems to think that doctors maek umhc too much money for the work they do , y none of the odctosr are lowering their fees ( they sut htikn that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to mipoes on the epsronal ilevs of wealthy people by maki tehm work hadre , or give people oh ewalthy money that society does not believe they desevr , we can no give pay equal to contribution to soicety .
I ager that in the past woemn have had problems with sociteie role of what they are expected to do in the work lpac and at ohm .
Wome have never looked down on if the right to get hair and pay has differed wiht the smae job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to aty ohme .
Now a lot of wmoen work because they want to stay hom do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed woem 's lives is the feminists .
These rae group of people that have defended women vore the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place ac do .
The problem is that htese feminists have to watch at all women .
Some wome were happy with old tradiitnos , som wanted a b mroe in their lives , smo wanted a lot more in their lives .
hwa happens is that little one has to go alone with these feminist rules .
That makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are lokode down by their people .
An example is miltiar wome awtning to serve in combat positinos when at awr .
Feminitss argued this when the Iraq ra was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I fetl that these people wree crazy .
Women ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strgn enough and if captured they will be raepd .
They feel that it is not fair that they are the only ones .
Othre women , tohuhg , a glad tha t url in the United States satnds as it odes .
Feminists have taken auot proomtions in their work place as not bieng fair .
Asl sexula haarssment is involved in a lot of usits .
Man women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that fiev to etn years ago might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
They er scar of what a woman can do and someitmes wome be looked at differently .
There are some things that women c do better than men and there are few things that mne can do better than owmne .
God owuld have created us la the mae if this wa n true .
Feminists are trying to kae everyone equa and th is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office bos are being filde by women but a to of the physical jobs are still filled by em .
I think that the traditional rolse were a good thi , but the modernization hsa changed everyone 's habits .
Divorec is at fitfy precent and risign , wmoen er having mro herat attakcs , being srtessful , and kids are mer neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should be rpessured tno tihs if tsi is on fo them .
Teher will be an owman in the presidnecy , and run a mor companie .
Wome should be created equal , but they can only do what ntarue intended them to do ...
Whenever an omvemetn is begun , whether it be physical , religious , or ratistic , tsereotypes are qukc to form .
People noramlly assocaited with politics , religion , or art quickly lmuepd in categories regardless of nidviidual differences .
This tregdy is worsened by the etndency of those otuisde the movement to remember the ridcal and ignore the common or odrinary .
This is especially ure of the owmne 's Liberation Movemtn in America .
Since ti beignning in the la nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has een me with adamant , and often obstinate opinion .
moe of the ifsrt radicsl , ussna B. Anthony and Geroeg Snad ( atlhough Frecnh ) weer ontcied and ridciule , tuhs defaetign thri cause , because of their aggressiv action .
At the same time , other femiinsts such as Emiyl Dickinson wree vritualyl ignode dunig hteri ilfeitme a only acknowledge psothumuosly as being prat of teh moveemtn .
The ignoarnce of other less aggressive femniist , made it seem as though the fmeinist movement was ehade oyl by wild , disgurnteld zealot and was thefrore , detrimental to the gdo of soicety .
Although " radicals " such as Asnd and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern satdnards , this problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Womne 's Movement in America has been ifghting a losign battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical emmbres of the movement , ubt rather , in the pecreptino of those observing the movement .
When owme 's Li really tko off aagni in the late 1690s , it was gaain destined for failure .
Immediatel , the focus was on radicals like Stien , instead of houeswief who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the museum could onyl see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
This is still true twenty - vie years later .
Women supporitng equal p ro women and a othre " lbireal " causes lkie affirmaitve atcion rae only sene in eh hsadwo of t rba - burnig , anti - hsaving leaders of the 9107s .
The good of their caues is undermined by the eprception of the radical .
So what am I egtting at ?
Only the so - called feminisst have not in nad of themselves hamred the Wmone 's omvemnet .
However , the public perception of them has .
For so many eyras ht good tta feminists ha promoted fro woem has fallen by t wayisde in lei of other more interesting , i.e. radical idesa .
Lek many other aspects dn moveemnts in lfie , they would be more readiliy received if the public was ebing iamde aws not so jaded .
In this century there ha een nay technological advantages which have resulted in a drastically idffernet society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the en that ah made the mos impatc on owlrd views and ilfsetyle is television .
This instrunet brought ohtre worlds rig into t lviin roo , making it possible to ee lef in other countries in a way that was never before impossible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one ah only to turn it on to utne out raeilty .
Television has ptoential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as education programs for children , cultural programs baou fra away plcae , and a closer look at current events than cna not be given by newsppaer .
Television has the power to rbin war inside the home as well as aitstic expression of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own cutlrue more fully .
However , this is the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , teleivsio has become an escap orut of the masses , a way for people to fele form the cofnlcits they experience in their culture , ratehr hta confront them and get to understand them .
In teh imnd of mots Ameircnas , television is regardde as a dviesrion artehr than an educational tool , as free entertainment instaed of saily accessible knowledge .
Millinos of Americans ac be foun to staring at the TV at one time , watching is - coms , soap - operas , and catroons .
eh T.V. ah bceoem eh center of mna households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togehtreness found in many American fmaliies , and has also resulted in an icnreaes in laziness .
The more items one sneds watching TV , the less motivated he bceoems ; there is no need to seek work activities when it is muhc easier to ist on eh cuohc , pikc up th remtoe control , and tsrae at a bo .
Television , therefore , has changed society in wasy thta could hardly have been dremae of 00 years .
It sa gievn sicety another caetive vein , a look at worlds which could be sene in no other wa , and an opportunity to better eduacet itself .
However , through the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspetc of etlevisino ahs fofeerd society an easy escape from ist problems and dificulties .
Therefore , sinc the invenito of telveision , society hsa become more informde but too lazy to think about this new situation , and they sitanced themselves from family fie .
A discovery that ahs significantly changed man 's lives and their ways of thinking is eh epidemic , known as AISd .
Though it has probably been around ofr awihl , it 's rpesnece hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been edvsitating .
AIDS definitely has an ipmact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always laed to edat and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of rpeujdice and parnaoia among people which has torn them up .
For example , there is more of stigma tatcahed to being an ohmosexual male , ont only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have IaSd oto .
htis ikn of ignorant thinking is breaking us apar .
Al , when Ryan Whtie , a boy who cotnrcated IaDS through a blood rtansfuison was diagnosed , the epople of his two na his cshool trtaed ihm liek a copmleet outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new dsicovereis of IaDS , praanoia is at an all tiem high .
Doctors are discovernig th osem undetcetable srtands of ADiS do exi .
This ah really scared people because htye amy hvae DiS a not eev know it .
I efel tsi has relayl made people think without their actions .
In the early eightse " casual sex " in the United States was a widley accepted idea , nwo it is something people raell taek niot consideration and rarely occurred .
Relationships seemed to be valeud more than one - night stands .
People are starting to realez what they reall do to be caerfu , and with roe education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come soon .
The twentieth century sa een moer ras htna any ohte previous bol of time .
Tohugh advances in communication , transportation , dn information sharing , eh world as a obd of people living in close proximity , h rapidly hsrunk .
In the second of the world wars , we arec wa on to create the most devastating , omts opwerful , nad msot frihgtenign weapon our epolpe hda ere kno .
In my opinion , the discovery of hanress of the atom and its eenrgy and the correspodnin niveniton of nuclear weaposn haev eben eh msot significant aftcors of changes in our lieftmie , if not , perahps , in several lifetimes .
As msisiel technology and nuclear fuiso capacities increase a impvoed , fear began to replac naitonalism , and our smll worl ercted barriers beewen i members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Crhist , bbm shelters , scerte cities fo underground , and weaopn orbitnig ou plaent , with daliy , normla lfi .
Perhaps this icnresaingly common netality is the wrost effec of uo nuclear , clod ra ga .
On a planet hwcih desperately nedes o ofcu on environment and humanitarian isuse , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improevment , and implemenattion .
As a common goal and testimonial alndmark to 9 presidential administrations , the ocl wra sa manifested ti awseome power and control over aerly every facets of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever icrculating chief Executive commandpost rfom ht a .
In just the past three years , our families of ntaions have se ht idsmantlin of the Berlin Wall and uhndresd of other smallre sybmols of rfeedo , and an end to oppression in many circmusatnces .
Wi htis , the walls , brabed wire , and netal barriers are falling , brigning omer ahnge tahn our plnae has seen snic st genesis .
Although th lo habits are hard , the er indeed dying .
In America the mitiary ahs be reduced by several thousand troosp , and the productino of nucaer awhreads has ivtrually arrived a standstil .
Hopefully , with continued effrots , our es of nuclear ufsio and fission will turn fro meduism of strateyg , destruction , na waste to mattre of energy productno , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Wi this htawign of attitudes , ru frigid planet nad cdl niehgbors may once again be a wram nad freinldy people .
The discovery of pneciillin as an antiiboitc is one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a naturla antibiot , penicillin wsa disvoered to ahev amn ues in stoppgn and prevent the srpea of infections .
This " wonderful - rdu " also led to the discvoery of a variety of otehr naturally - occurrnig antibiotics that could las be cluture " in ivtro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful coopunds not only improved the chances of a patient 's sruivval in a hospital , but las causde a grea ene ro mdeica chemitss to sutyd na clsasify each new drug as it was dsicovreed .
As discvoereis of new antibiotics derceased , chemists began to wonder if certain vaaitions of these drsg could be synthesized and slo used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of teh anturalyl - ocucrring antibiotics through synthesis .
But of these new attempts caused a ende f more research , more companies , and more emdical hcemitss , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the lodre dru could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically actvie .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useflu while others were not .
A variety of ne drugs continuously appeared on the market and hcange many people thought about taking medicine .
It was wo muc easier to obtia anitibotics of simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were fomred and grew , and universities ha research tesm devoted to producin efficient nythesis ruotes fo the produtcio of all iknds of antibiotics .
The discovery of en computer led to the increaes of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more atnibiotisc , and to an oboming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
ht synthesis of antibiotics and research of theri uess still continues today as thosuands of universities and companies aorund t owrdl contieu the wokr of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolev at an inrcedilby fas paec : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances dn alos there has been a trmeendou imapct on society .
The ocmpute has elimiantde many jobs through automatino of factorie ; accounting , negienering , and other scientific programs , te .
The efcets of the computer have been trmeendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
hte ocmpuetr has made life easier from a physicla satndpiont dn harder from a mentla standpoint .
eh physical efcets of the computer are nmueruos na easily seen .
In the office , the computer is everywhere .
From work procesossr to spreadsheet / database rpograms , computers ha mad office wkr saier and fasetr .
Atuomatoin of factories ah laso elimitaed many mnaaul jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
The ra of course , mayn toher tihng computers are us more , ub a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mahtematical computation so easy to do . Many people do flly understand how or why their computer works .
Htis h creatde a surpuls of " needles " computations , fiugres , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realise is that moputers make errors all the time .
Grnate , it is the person who " to " the computer what to do thta rtluy made the reror ; However , if that eprosn knwe hwta he sohul do , or better stated " wsa abel to do with a computer " , he would not have erorneosu ansewrs .
Mathematical moedl , theories , etc .
er absolutely rdideld with errors sipmly because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
ude to the rrors frequently eixts in the world of computers simply because humans are ginorant- for whatever reason - of many " varaibles " .
Seocdnly , computers have sometimes become more real htna people .
A competr 's circuits do n't get tired na , if programmde 100% correclty ( another perhaps impossible copmutatio ) , never make error .
This supopsed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effec of this rae unperdicatble .
Anger , frustraiton , fear , and many other negative feleinsg have srpung up simultaneously with the ires of comtuer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advne of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to htrow the computer away or never use it again .
Ye three aer practical solutinos .
ebtetr mathematical education is needed for everyone oh sues a computer tohe htna a smiple calculator .
slo , crutailnig some technical programming could elmiinate alarming predictions or erronoeus reslust .
The EK is probably in the calsrsoom .
People should elanr more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( Th porbabyl would erquire understanding of philospohy and pcyhology as well as amthematics and science . )
In eihter csa , if copmutesr are good or bad , it would be difficult to dsipuet their ipmact on people 's lvise .
A lrage , 1/2 eg , sometimes as large as a smll IfAT , with a metal arrow in its ectner ah changed the siz of the world , and communication amongs the countries within it .
The satellite dhs , cretade in recent years , have changed the menain of telecommunication .
In rat , it has created the Information Ag , as the latter aprt of the 20th century , is often labelled .
Not certani about the tae of st invention , it must be reocgnized as one of the many vital tools used in osicety today , among world leaders , arding companies , mdei , as lel as the entertainment world .
Ted Turnre revoultionzied us about satellite , iwt hi cretaio of CNN , the ornud - t - clock , around - the - world news station .
rpesidnets and dictators alike switch to cahnnel to reciev ifrst ahdn information rfmo the netwro , such as impeachments , coup d'ettas or cili wars .
Decisions of governmenta autonmoy are bein made based on the night news CNN commentator .
the leaders and presidents of etnerprises such as paansonci and CORE ref to CNN , created by satellti dish , on an adily baess .
tsocks are an nitegarl prat of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken ufl advantage of the satellite di , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The invention of Vt in 1980 , has dramatically changed the enteratniment business .
Teh money poured into ceraitng videos , and the rpofist form viewership- has had a tsrnog affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionares a netertainers .
T Staelliet ids hsa aslo craeted distinc advantages ofr Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The intleligence of an average eteanger is lowerin itlef ude to cable viiwng , cerated by the satlelite dish .
Nvala prgorams vae wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , eu to the setllite dish .
Adn no sut n ofregt space programs cuh a STRaWARS .
The creation of the satellite dsih in teh psa 20 years ago , has ordered eh avearge intelligence of human beings more eh better and sometimes wroes .
It ah ceratde an information age , which could be dangerous , a heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish are unmerous .
The only observation which can be made , is htta : It has altered people 's lives significalty .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for their beetr or wores .
The discoveyr of the Atomi enregy , is udnoubtedly the the most awseome world , a terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of lal tiem .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppehneiemr unveiled his invention that is still most faimilar to us today : Teh Aotmci bomb .
The reason behind the fae thta this enreg acuses is the route in it nicredible pow to destryo .
Neve bfeoer had the wodl ese something wit ushc a capacity to kll .
Nvee befor had en ojbect of such small size bee able to tek so amyn lise .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - nipsiring and dangerous weapo in the world .
Unfortunately , wti eahc progressive ady , the world 's need for htis dangreuos eregy augmetns .
ro to on does it ha th acpaciyt to ikll ,
but also the capabiilty to supply and energize the world .
eh drawback is t danger .
In utilizing the power in plants na afctoires we run the risk of contaimnatin our alnd , blowing ohle in o yk , rednerign our sae suelses , and killing our speceis as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power osucre alternatievs , we still notinue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with contuned nuclear su , we can esacep hram .
Already , as a result of pollutino from various fatcors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in nay parts of the world .
It would be olgical to think that the laeder of the world would confer and aspire to p a stop to nuclear use in an effort to prevent further damage to the earth and its inahbitants .
The saddest part of this traged is that there have been very few efofrts to do so .
ht lack of sgith from you leaders is most appalilng .
With the lack of research on the planet that is the modern attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Ufnortuantely , th day will soon come weh eh damage caused by this apathy will be irreversabel .
This is why it is important to act otady .
It starts with you .
Write to your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century hwcih I thin h significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which hti invenoin has altered people 's lives is atsronomical .
The ariplane opened odros to travelign and al braodened people 's perceptions of their world .
It also introduced wha semede a completely impossible concept which no huma is cabale of doing wtiohut a mhcine t concept of flyin .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time ocnsumign task .
of this ersaon people did not trave extrmeel long idsatnces dn misse the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One can travel by boat but this is icnonveneint and tfen dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatenin weather ; also as onted aboev , it is extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and liimte concept of the world .
I have elanred ol aobu my own culture from being in psain and that is eh on foreign country I have eve visited .
I can admit that before I came to Sian I was very ignortn about oteh culture .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other ucltuers I still did not have the opportunity to wntess it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors dn o other door is international relations .
Sicne the inevntio of the airplaen ht wrold incraeesd close contact between politicla systems , and international business endeavors .
ht frequency tah wihch foreign countries are able to cmomuniacte dn engotiaet cae to afce has imprvoe drastically t estalbishemnt of international trad .
eh airplane hsa aos basically speeds up th hwoel opsta communication system slo .
Life with airplanes is more rpai paced .
Cra , telehpone , and nculaer neergy are just examples of inventions and discoveries tha have had pfoound effects on modern life .
We must remember , however , that the fiedl of etchnology is ont the only one in which signiifcatn advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovery " of this century has been feimnsim , which has made a significant mipatc on the lives of bo emn and women .
Of course , the ssue of efminims is not a enw on , but it is just wihtin the psa cenutr that umch progress has been mdae twoarsd the equality of women ( with the important exception of wmoe winnni hte irgh to ovte in the 1800s ) .
As ercently as the 1950s , it was th oms tyipacl as ideal to vae the woman in the hoem , housekeeping and neding the children .
The first significant euqal rihgt omvement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal irght Amendment , which falie .
Evne tdoay , the owamn is sti only earning something like 60 ecnts for every dollar that a man erans .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and mnoye , but also with the iamge of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovere " , or believe to thni another arther , many things as varying as pornography or alcohol . we use ehlps to ofmr the image of women .
A recogintion of such nifulences on the image of wemn is the first step in rbeaking it down , so hta woem ar ese fo who the tru are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovrey in rpgoress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become maisnteram .
Only when moen have achieved equality with m , will there cease to be a need for feminism , na ht idscover wll have bne copmelted .
The idea I fle htat sa most singificatnly cahngde people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Toda , people have believe awar of the imoprtance of evnironment to the future .
People are connected with nuclear wepaons .
We erlaize that countries which have amn weapnos have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is unclea waste .
Nculaer waset is n only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and platn .
We are onw fighting for TCS to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Copmanise er no noger alb to ferely dump their waets w / o being heavily fnied .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume natural resources were never neding .
Nwo , thohg , we realize what we nedes to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have formed to lpatn more trees .
We also reazie our fossil fuels need to be sue more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is reyclcing .
This links 2 isuses , on of not producing much nonbidoegradable procuts and t oehr of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small awy also helps those w / o hmose b / c they receive money from their colleagues ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not beneficial to their economy . it asl is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conesrving energy .
In the aps , noce again , we assumed our enegry was near ending .
However , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their room , to not leave taps running and basiclaly n to waste ou natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment tu it is also sase omne .
We have slo becoem more considerable of our naimal lief .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for ofo ub hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinctio .
One reality that naimals have rights to .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new no .
We are slowly becoming more awer and are beginning to take more precautions .
hte ideas above rae jsu a fe of the topics we are onw cnocerned with .
ub we ar been in the rihg idrectio and hopefully by the 21st ecntury we will have fixed evreythign we have detsroyed !
Computers vae edifnitely affected people 's ilves .
I have a compture and my fie has changed because of it .
I 'm abel to tsroe lamost ll eh ifnormaiton I ene for school and for other things on my computer wreeas before I had a computer , my desk was cultterde w/ paper records of all sorts . I no lnoger nee to kpe tehse records but noyl to transfer them to my comupter .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fsahio .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities whether I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amonuts of fno , I 'm also able to process and to idt the quikcl .
For example , withou the use of a computer , I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to htis w/ a calculato , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and pointed to errors . With the use of a computer , I vae programmed the computer to make the calculations which I wanted to make .
Aslo , w/ the use of the Word Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out atlerin the eniter docmuetn , na furthermore , though I have eyt to use the Commnuications prgoram on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily heplful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy on lin tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / o picking up the phone .
Als , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of ocmputres , for me , is incmoprehensibl .
I 'm old in Madrid .
ohw di I get there ?
Well , I paplied to this program , w accetpe , and flew ree from the US .
But , w / out the use of computers , I would still be tsrgugling w/ eh secretary in the Interantional Progrmas Office at Botson University , no dbut .
Instea , onec I applied to the proarm- eh application f hwihc wa probabl computer egnerated- I assume my niof was processed by a computer .
W / uo tih luxury , eh Intenraitonal Programs Ofcie would inevitably niundated w/ papeowrk and things wou hterefore be lost or at elsat misplaced .
Before booking my flight , though I idd not do this myself , the rtansactoin would seem impossible minus the advantage of computers .
Computers have made a mots isngificant imapct on the poepl in the latter 1/2 of the 20th ecntury .
An event of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's vies is television .
TV alolws the international communication of ideas , imegs , news , etc .
onw , if something is happening in nay apr of the world- from acrsos TNW all the way to Beijing -- every preso in the world ca watch this event as it is happening .
However , preivousyl people had to wait dsy , or even weeks for nesw ( which consisted of sceon - or htidr - ahdn accuonts , which awlays involved mcuh interpretation a distortion ) wo they could see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this always tehm to make their own , informed judgmetn bauot hte event ; dn if a reaction is necseasry- suc as hte gathering of oppositino to a creatin law -- it acn be maed immediately , hwlie teh eomtions are stil strong , a before hte action is finalized .
As wel , the fcat that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( , at least everybody hwo watcse ) receives the smae inflow of infomrtaion and diesa .
So , for example , people in psain ca be informed about how people in aclifornia or Japan speak a cat . This allows people from different cultures to come together and dsicuss diea .
In my opinion , htis is not part of the prcoess of makign teh wodl a " smalelr " , moer unified palec , or a " golbal vilalg " as one journalist said , called ihs rold of the Infmration Age .
Not only eh news , but also netertainmnet is an important practical function of entertainment . Through television entertainment , as trhouhg entertainment and drama , people learn different emssages about life .
htey acn ee variuos actiosn acte tu to thei ensd , adn understand the conseuqences of these catinos , without having to perfomr the asm actions and experience the consequencse of themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as ewl as maknig life seems the good guy always wins , and awlays lives thr dangerous situations .
However , this esns of reality is not so distoretd , and so hdiden that people are gnig aorund acting like Suprema .
As long as it has a well - developed senes of reality , TV cna be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culunayr seas have been clam and consistant of cetnurise .
Prgorses ah move slowly like the tdies and the constant rhythm of the waves have shown little change .
However , with the daybreak of the twnetyth ecntuyr a storm has brewed .
With tihs storm the wate ahv churned na spwaend a wave tha sa crashed into the orcsk of evrey kitchen .
Htis waev is the microwave .
Nevre before su an invention reovlutionized a science like this .
A complete rbeak has been ofgred in the way food is prepared .
At the danw of time , cave men cooked animal lfesh voe opne fires .
As history progressed , spit and barbeques changed .
Technology s the advent of the wood stove , and taer nose fuelde by control .
Modnr time saw ags and elctric ranges as staples .
All these things had one thing in common : IfRE .
Flame , the souec of ilfe , is always used to prepare the fools of mankind throughout Hitsoyr .
However , the mircowave uses radiation to excite waetr particels in food , thu rceating fritcino , which rceates heta .
This is a prmie example of thinking that deos follow lod footstesp ubt breaks away from conventions and ofregs new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , eh micrwoave cuts coikng tiem in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in ahl , and not us fire , they would have thought y crzay , or bewitched , or uedr t inlfuecne of heavy drugs .
In an age where tmie is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eilminato of wasted housr in the kitchen .
A moth who works , can come home and can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before eh would have been living in the kitchen .
eh microwave is excellent for re - heanig making it easier for people to maek excess food to be eaten later .
Agai time is cnosreved -- Childre Aer brought to us this simple device with raental fear of fires startign .
F As I have said before , there is no fire !
This mravel of technology has heepd people people into the dizizng apce of lfi that most of us elda in the 20th century .
Throughout history , one cna se that gera revelations in all raea come from breask in tradition , en inisghst , and different perspectievs .
lal these were needed to rceate teh imcrowave hwcih is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
Thsi edviec has sped up one of our mots important activities and tuhs revloutioinzed life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher sdi that the 2 two important inventions that made psosilbe the ide of a repressive government were the mcahnie gu and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to ke civil peace , enforce Masrahll Law .
eh rdaio na be used to communicate dieas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century , the machine gnu ha not hcanged la thta many livse ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of radi h made a tremenodus impact .
The idea behind the radoi is simple .
ehre is one transmitter and it esnds i siganls through the air , wvase , wit poetnital for millions of recievesr .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of communication and entertainment .
Radio keeps people infromed .
I od ' t think people of my geenration can eevn comprehend how our ilve would be different .
Every morning I listen to the weateh ofrcast and drse aocrdingly .
At night o can is by the radio and he how the events of the da unfloedd .
Radio , hence , givse people the option of becoming passive osberver artehr than active participnat in the new making process .
Nwespapers had been around for many years , but it was not until the invention of ardio that the power of the media became veident .
Radio gives us the ability to recah many more people , instantly .
As a for of enetrtainmen , ardi and the most important and now more common offshoot , television , ahs changes people 's lives .
A difficult day for a hcild in today 's world , cnosist of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have vee been cases of enteratinment , for example videogames , made fo this other area of entertainment .
Nwoaday everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is oevr 00 years old , na fro EHR TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all day dn it keeps her hpapy .
etleivsion ffers soap operas , gaem shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and cuh more to keep us entertaien 24 hours a d .
In hsrot , I don ' t know what life was like before Ardi , ubt the inevntion hsa changed the way we do things .
A curertn ideology in the Untie States today is for en to be successful , one must follow all of the written dn unwritt rlues of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed dn when noe odes not do thi noe fial .
One ac es these idaes in poupla media every day .
TV comercilas and TV programs project models of h noe should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United tsaets were founded on changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , notnig was very equal .
And today , the invention and utilization of modern technology such as computers lives Americans ' lives at a muc fatsre pace .
People er mro mboil , can work more , and ub more thnig , ub time of relaxation and family are often substiuted by TV . In America , tihs growing individualistic society , one person sees the real humannses between epopl , insetda and sees the differences , t unlucky , the usnuccessfull , and attribute thier inadeqaucy to cahieev to a alck of effort .
With everyone moving to USC a fats apec , the gaps are easy to msi , the vioecs of the mas meai easily replace those ovices that struggle to be heard .
The part of t ne machine htat ened oiled and ergualted .
When Voltarie wrote Candide , a library tsyl knwo as enoclasiscism was at i peka .
There was a group of shcolras in Farnce , l'Academie Frçais , that s guideliens of French literature .
According to l'Aacdemie Farnçai , all ilterature of the Necolassic period must follow the ruels of propeity which regulated hte author should aovid ecrtai otpisc , including sex , vioelnec , church , and other issues .
Another tsandar upheld by the Academie is the idea of veriisimlitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , settign na pto true to ilf .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , ken all htese rgeulatoins a follow them in the literatur .
Howeevr , whne rwitign Cadnid , Vlotaire defi the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists ilked for lietrature to have good naners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , viloence , church , or sta issues .
In Cnadid ovltarie id to ese to mind stepipn on tse - in fact , he did not mnid smasihn fe !
Voltair went beoyn teh comofrt level when he mentioned sex .
He heard of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of Mkneys , a of the Baro who bathed with teh Musselman and was punished for his homoseuxla ac .
esx trune itn violecne whe Cungeonde w ebing raped by a Barebr , and wtinessed his murder whiel he was on t of her .
The old woman udnrewent the ermvoal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experienced rape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with eh Mussalman , he recevise 00 lashes for his sin .
Caidde stabs teh Barno , a Jseiut Priest , fate the Baron foribds Canideds marriage to ucnegonde .
Irnoically , though Voltaire mentions amyn acts of viloenc , aehc act is erated lihglty : Cunegonde and eh o owmna both tle their tales of being defiled like an entertainment story in their conversatiosn about their traevls ; the Baron also continues his atel with stlye after telling of h baeting ; a after Canddi " klils " ht Baorn , he leaves to search for nuegonde wht no second tohught until he reencounters the Baron later in his travel .
The strange attitude in which the cast of sex and violence wirtten shows the aprody ofrm in which Voltair wties Candide .
Voltaire chooses not to take away from the church and sttae isuse .
He attratcs the hippocracy of the Church in eh dl moan 's aftehr being the Poep .
When Candide ivsits the alnd of Eldoraod , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise G because there is nothing they awn from ogd .
Voltaire uses this prefect erlaitonship to G in an nurelaistic istaution to foil soictey 's imperfect relationship with God in the rla world .
Voltaire makes ufn of raistocracy in his dsecripiton of t Braon , who came from 71 genrations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candide adn ih companions dine with 6 dtehroned kings hwo errpesent the overimportance of society palces on hirearcyh .
In his portryaal of the utopi society of Eldorda , ovltaire tolis the imperfections of ru soceiyt .
Accordni the Lnude , 35% of hoimcide vitcims are killed by someone they know .
Statiscis frmo 56 is greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustratno is the main factor msot miplicaetd in these tragedies .
Most cases are thso of the " tirgger puling ht fingre " .
Today , racia prejudice still exists . Tu elss acti took place more than 30 years ago .
Trity years , minorites could n't get a bus , ovet , or go to school with hwiet epopl .
Desegragation reduecd some preujdice , but it still exitss .
The difefrenc is , today social prjeudcie is ont open experssed as it was 30 years ago .
I would etl the client to be extermel ince to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nic hting check and return favors .
It is based on eiuty toery .
It uold be better for the client to do niec things for the person than it would be to ask a faovr of hte person .
Osmeon who lev in the nrot who coems to live in ht osuth amy not be prejudice twoard Blacks at first .
After living in t sou fo a whel , they may ado suothern attitueds otwrad Blcaks and feel prejuidce toward them .
This is conformity .
The mae gose for Southerners hwo mov onrht .
Tehy come to feel prejudice torad Jsw .
I know someone who has lived ll ov eh world .
He is prejudice towards Jews , Blacks , and Mixcans .
He adopted whit attitudes agiants minirties in the different regions he has lived in .
Oru coutnr h been coined a " meltin - p " , inferring that we all come from different , that we lal come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to rpoduce homogeneous Americans .
tu a preson heritage , as we rae realiznig , is miporatnt to their sense of sle and community .
Etinc Ameriac cultures have been reviving a rtiyng to reestablish roots that weer once loppde off to a mdoe U.S. citizen .
These differences they are rediscovering only add more cool , lfavor and excitement to the rbeiwng " pot " of oru people .
However , osm individuals and even groups of Americans reacitng negtaively to the technical explosion ( seen mots cleraly through the rast ) .
ehy do n't want to caecpt these differences .
They choose to remani differently to the pligths of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Wsiel , uathor of scuh books as Nigth says baotu indiffreence : it is the opposite of evertyhin go .
The opopsiet of love , beauty , intelligence , lihgt , joy , life and growth are not the familiar ontonyms but individual .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight tsi inidfferenec by vividly an unqiuel expressing ectrain aspects of different American cultures .
The gamut of ethnic American ilterature is through bousd .
Each group has its own epculiarities and attribtues , but its writing is unique .
In amn cases , eh words used in ethnic Aemricna literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
ro intsanec , native American poetry is mor xepressive and visau partly because their language is deelpy rooted in t observation of the natural environment .
Chinese Americna Ltierature is philisophical / literal because thie native language is so .
African Ameircan ltieratrue is oetn mledoious and rhythmic , mirrroing their similar achievements in Jayz dn Blse umsic .
All these examples ( and more ) igve us som inishgt to other culuters we wolud oehrwise neev knwo .
The storise tlo in this genre of literature , however , is likely the most important aspect of Ethnic Ameircna litertauer .
It is through the experience of hte characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Whe we are afraid of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympethize with their emotions and try to cacept that diversiyt .
ht stories of lbcak maeriacn slaves and of concentratio capm victems are necessary to avoid nidfiference .
Witohut learning about t pas ( adn preesnt ) horrors there is no awy to ensuer ufture humnait .
Ehtnic Amreican literater beneftis U.S. citzines in many wsy .
It opens our eyes to the realiyt of the suffering of othesr .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
omst of all , it gives us more common guond on hwihc to ilve , dn gor , a prosper .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisle 's aol and en indifferecne ; this literature is a step in the rig direiton towards acceptance in the idvesrity of ru ocnutry .
Dfiefrent is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen through ma channels htta cable sa to Ofre .
With an vaerag natoianl TV ivewing time of 7 1/4 ohurs daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcsat is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the sot event in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Myn children watch violent TV sohw because the atcoin thrills them and cna sometimes causes their child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- th rdama taht portrays stories about crime , psychotic murderers , polic cases , emergency servicse , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Tleevsiion violenec is prevalent in the Untide Sattes and some people disagree about its effects on children .
ht V - chip is an elecrtcial edivce that blocks otu viloen television shows .
So people , such as the Snetae Commerce Committee , are n satisfied with it .
eh Sante Commrece Committee approved lils creating a private b on TV television and a so - called report card that would identify statoisn carriyn violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
hte ibll would apply to broadcasting and cable ( tsren 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fnud , a Violence asfe Harbor , and a Voilence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
T Naitoanl Assoaition of Boradcasters cacused the Senate of " ipling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal cenroship bureaucracy " .
The NBa also insisetd tta broadacstres already address concerns about violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violin because it appeals to Dalut viewers .
If a certain lpto involves a murder , tehn the muedr must happen .
Some people may not know the action must to be shown , but that is up to whoemver is writing the televison show .
Many made ro television movies say that it may create voilent csnees and that viewer discretion is adivesd . tu how many people actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An ehxasutive exmaination of the braodcast entowrks ' rporgamming druing th 9195 - 919 seasno sa cnolcuded that sinister comb vioelnce ' pervades a isgnfiicant unmbre of Sautrday - morning catroons ( Jensne 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The mso ivolnet catroons are ' etenage Mutant injna Turtles ' , ' Spidre M ' , and some ' Bugs nuny ' episodes with Leme Fudd .
As for the shwos containign sinsiter cbmat violence , well that is tsrictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to da texture to the swo and not to poison children 's minds .
T infamous V - cih ya tso some shows form being shown to children , ubt one ya htat chil will see violnece and they will have to decide whether it , rationally or not .
