It 's difficult to answer thes question " What azrde you going to do in the future ? " if the onlyu one who wants to know it is in two mnindrs .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman ande even a butchesrd . I do n't know know .
I would like to study Psychollogy , because onjes deay I would like to oplewn my own psychology cvlinmic and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hasred and a lpot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more erasily .
Maybe I 'll chnanged my mind , mkaxybe nhotg .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
Ricdh people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or traxi .
I conjsidfer it mkores cxonvbenient to drive a cazrd , because you carry many things in your ownb cxazr tyhan whgern trdavfelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usualoly ask you to be friends and exchange teledphone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a camera I used to use the BVUSW to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't nercessaryg when you have craswhned in the street . At that mlomentf , young people rdeaslize the importance of public transport .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like bikes , cdars , trains & polanesx .
Despednding on the distance and tiome to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen axccordingvly .
But generaqlly speed , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
Thiusa reminds me of a trip that I have rescvently been on and the place I visited was Agraz .
It takes around 6 hours by national hgighwaqy to go from Delhi to Agrdaw .
We stopped at hgotelsd to hnavge fooid and juist in casew both of us felt hungry . We purchased some snacks just before the triop .
Sijnce , we have the okptikon to stgopl anytiumed we travel to wqhen we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to tghat , we can also take a comfortable short njapl on the back seat andx wake up fresh .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by cdar is much more convenient .
My name is Saareah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forwardc to seeing Yolu in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organised many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope tyhatg you giove me the chancew to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball . I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is played every . When I am on the beach , I like playing with my sister on the sands and then we go in the sdeaw .
It is great fun .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playgrouhnd and my friend and I pllayedd using the soccerre goals as a volleybalkl net .
Dear Jo ,
How arer you ? I 'm writing to give you szome advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the onme haznhd , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
First example , Barcelona , Madrrfid , Sevilla , Valenjcia .
There are wonderful cities bewcauyse there are a lot of thyinmgs to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta deslo Swoil " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevfijlla because I love this city , so I suggest young you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economyg is veryu bad .
But , if you want , I will help you find a job for you .
My best friend is looking for a resdponsible poerson to watch axftfer her sister .
The saister is 6 years old and Ytoiu would have to look after her every weekend .
Wsouldf yolu be iknterestedr in tfhius job ?
Thanhkl you fgord your e - mail . It would wonderful to hnear fcrom yuouh .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Tgake care , Laura .
Tyoday , public transport stillo plays an important role in the transplort system and it will keep on doiingt so in the future .
Because public transport is a mkorew costy - edffective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Alpso , pewoplew need nmolt sduffer the highhg operatinhg cost of rujnning their own cfart .
Butf can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordrable for an ordinary person to take a private airplane to travel to another country .
Instfedad , it will be comkmlon to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is goinjg to cfontinmue to be used in tghed fuiturfe because there ared a lot of people that do n't have enough money to paqyg folr a cdaqr , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are gvoinjg to uhsze cars mored than busesd or the undergtrounbd .
If we think about it , new carf is berttrer because we do n't need to wait for it like we waitg for the bus or undesrgrounds , bought on tfhue other haqnd , cars copstf more money than public transport .
In a cvawr , we cxanj jujsat be by ourfsewlves , which could be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are uynknjown , but if we connect public transport , we can meet friends or family , so bhopth modews of tyrtansport are good , anjd cars do n't neerdc njecessasrily to bring an end to public transpoortg .
If I had to cxhoose bvetwewen bopthu forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose trhje car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my company , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have soploar pawnels and a place to mlaxke copmpost in the garden , with worms that eastr and degyrade axll the organicf waste of tyhe schoolk .
At some strategic points in their buildings , we hjazve special trashcans to separatre tyhbe gfarbazge into oreganic , paper and cardbgoard , cans and plastic bnottles axndf tfhyey also give tfalks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of trhios propject is Miss June Said , our science teacher .
All these initiativesd have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Wahyu do I cdhoose it ? Wedlol , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Baxrclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fiufaw World Cujp and so on .
I believe that everything will deloioght us .
By the way , my faqvoprite football team is Mnanchestger United . They are briolkliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesomnew .
Micvhyael was a little kid whedn he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After many years , he his dream of becoming a super hyerok .
He went to University to study medicine because he thought thgat that preofession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university , he made a girl caqllked Kate and he fell in love with her andf swher fell in love with him .
Kate waazs attending university to study fashion .
Trhjen thed tgwo started to dawte .
Michaesl and Kate wertew so haqppyg , until one day Michyael tokldr her abgout hnisx dream of being a suypert hero . Kaxted got so angry , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kidf 's dream anmdf thnaxt Mjichaelp weas onjly dreaming andx thawt would never huappen azndc that super hneroews diod n't exist .
When she saxiud that , Michael started to cry and gbopt maxdr , saying tyhjat she was lying and did n't have a heart .
He got so mad that he asked hesr to gtety okut of hios apawrtmkent .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
Bhutg whjenm thedy goptr to Micdhaelk 's hopuise , they foiught agvain anmdc Micfhbael gbokt a knife anjde kill hesr .
He cried with a lot of bnlood around .
Miuchael got away from there .
Mnichaerl closed the door aqnds knew at thatg momernt he had mlasde a mnistaxke .
Publiucf transportatiokn is an importanty invention in human history . It bringts a nuimbedr of benefits in our lives .
Folr instanmce , we take the subway in order to avoid being stujcdk in trtaffic .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause mjorew damage to our life and haxrm our environment .
Therefored , we need to thinmk mlopre aboiut oiurf futuyre , our offspring .
Gijviung thjedm a safe , clean and comfortable place to liovew .
If there is no public transporetation , trdaftfic jams will be morfe swerioujs thazn before .
In my citfyt , Tasikpei , we are always stfucvk in traffic for axboput one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there were no buisx or MRT .
Thye car is comfortable for humanjs , because it brinbgbs damage fvort humnazns tyolo .
For example , carbon diooxide , which is emitgted by cvars .
It causes glopbnal warming , which threatens the environmental environment and hgarms and daxiloy life .
We can sewew thatf there are lots of serious and frequernmt weathedr - related disasters happening in recednt decades , such as typhoons , huyrricanes , wilodr fires and mud slides .
What other precautions axred usually taken ?
Thed NG Offiucve is notified by the photographer whenh trhge film weaxs shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on tfime , it immediately .
Loopst shipmkentsw have bvewen found mkolre easily wqhewn these procesws is started right away .
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people cfome .
Every dcayu lot of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is by fvazr , rather than plane .
But , though if it 's true thatg it 's the fcasetest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get olfgf a pllane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to talk a bvoaty .
Thedrew awrer a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the bhest option is to choose a train .
There is n't only comparison wikthn watching the changves in the loanmdscape through a window , enjoying the router that ygoiu asre taking and , the best part , tyhne chgeaqpest waxy to gedtf aqway szopme days and take trhye routijne off some days .
Anyway , no matter hjolw you go , no matter where you go .
Ther pleasure of travelling is travelling itsewlf .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by cart , but in the near future , there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planewsw that cfaxn transplort you from north to south in less than an hyour . This wiulol make businessmen hjappy and comfortrable , becaxuse of savikng a lpot of timne anbd effort , so we hope that tfhew government can acxhievce this as soon as possible .
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
Big projects could not be finished without cooperationh .
Friends can communicate and exchange iudease , feelings and funny things with people around us .
Furthermore , importantly , parernhts give us life and they teach us knowledge of skills or abilities to survive in their world .
In thyisx cazse , family members play important rolpes in our daily lives .
The reasopns always as follpowsx .
First of all , we can learn a lot of skoills from parents based on their own experience .
For ewxamplke , we can learn how to cooperate with others in a friendly wqay , and we can also learn how to mawkoe a mnewal frolm parents .
Secondly , family people can give you some advice about ways to deal with the things which cause yuolu trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , idceaws will come up to your family mkembersa and they will communicate with yopuy about how to solve their situation .
All in all , in these casaes , family members aqrde the most important friends in their lives .
Computing technology has besern advancxing a great dream in recent years , making the old computer almost uszeless , getytinhg bettesr , axnbd making the difference between old and new computers grtow even more wikthj evesry nesw invention .
As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , satarting from the size of the computers . Old compouters werde mluchn biggter tyhuan nmewa compluterfs .
Oild computers used to occupy one of their rooms , now , they ared only the seizes of a boix , even the size of a bookkm .
Ygoiu can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place ytoui vbisit .
Oplkd colmputerfs only loet ytouy do math taqskis , or ervcen ploazy simplles games with 2 colors ( gfreenj aqnd blacki ) , but now ygopu can do whatever you want to do , lkike creatikngv or playing video games , writing or reawding a bolokk , connect to thber internet , watch or mjakme viodeos , invent new stuff to implrovce Computing Technology , and not only in 2 coloors , but thousands of tyhedm .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the Internet , where you can connect to other customers , download stuiff , etc . vijas Ethernet cable or Wireless Copnnection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gewt rerkit m8
I went to the axbhandoned house andf started to think of the best way to make hgis likfce miserable . I spewnht thje nesxct 2 weesks loopkingh for ideas to maked hjium suiffert .
As I did n't finjde anything , I wanted to placve wherre he liverd and strartesd to look for sopmes information through his life and find people who he cvawred about . So as I cvolntinued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to trhbe same hgouse , s I decikderd to follow himk to the house anmd I found outg he wsaqs dating a giurlo . She might be his girlfriend , so I finjaslly got an idea . I would derijve him cfrdazy just as he did me . Trhat wayu szher would thinkj he hjadr problems wiuthj hyis minjdc and leave him . Bujtf seookn i thoiugbht about it again and rewalizerd that if I dijdr thawt she would tgrdy to help huikm and they wsiull be more unmited , so I decxided to drtive them both craxzsy , almost to tgher briunk of deastfh , just as he did waijth me !
Bhut waioty a minhute , am I really sufficiently angry to do thiks ?
Yes !
I screamed . My anger hyad dominated my mjind . I did n't have anyu control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had bewcomes axndx wehatf I could do , bvuit I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was hnim suffering a sloowq death axnbd tfher satisfazction I would feesl when I finallyg hbasd my revenge . The besset revenge .
Buity I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger fort awll of the suffering I had been through became stronger anbdf grteaterr . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedijcatyed 4 yueasrs of his life to torturing me awndx not wanmting me to be happy , the timked is necedssaryh forf huimj to have a miserable life and I wo n't strokp untgil I have accomplisahedx my goal .
I do not agree with thbios iudea completelpy .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really mjucvh molrte convenient , as it gives yokuy the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , strange traffic jkazms axree a big issue when travelling by caxrf .
My Favoujrikte seport
I was borfnm to be a football ploayerd .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a bigb team and in a big championshiup like the Bgarclazys Poremierd Lerague , Lioguhe 1 or Ligha BBnVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Mkadrid , where Roknaldo pllaxys . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Rfonaldso won the Golpd bnalpl in 2014 .
I plaqyg football with a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lkotr of games this season .
I dream of winning a lokty of lesagues in football and winninjg the best cfhampioknship , thed Uefa Chazmpoions Leagues , and the best scorer of aqllo timne in the Uesfa Chamjpiuons League is Cristiaqno Rtonaldo , my favourite playerr .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason I do it is because of my dxadf .
His dream is to become the next captain of a big teaml awndx with a lot of money .
My nbaxme is Jonny .
I graduatesd from National Taqiwan University of Science and Tecxhnology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in lopokiong after cfhilkdren and playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I plannjesd many interesting activities for views to make competitions cdome aliuvge .
Tyhney enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mlopm cooks , I always help hger .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really wanted to gewt tghisd jokbv .
I want to play with children and sewed their smilers all daxyu .
I think that a smile is the best gift in the world .
I am also a hartd worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the reigtht people yolui waqnty , please send me a replky . Trhankl you .
Puhblicd transportation has been used by people and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaperr and safer , but soime people prfefer cars . To whatr extent do we agree with these asnds what arew our reasons for thbawt ? That is what we asree getting to dewmonstrates in tyhios essay .
Azbouty 40 years ago , there waqs nothiongh called poublkic transportatioln awnd people rfartely opwnmed cawrsx , so in those years there were not even goiodc facilities to mopve from one place to another andf that is because there were no companies to build cars . Aqftert abnouyt 10 years , car tradiong bhescame viaxble anbd alosoi became very suppoprtted by having her ownj frans . At the beginning , thesy faced a lotg of problems , buht thesy wesre able to solve thewm in the end .
Nowadays , all modedsw of transport asrde more convenient , from cars to buses , even traqins aqnd planesw . Some people prefer cardsd because they do notr lpikke crtowdesd places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from anothger point of view , public transportation is very cheap anmde evgenh fastesre . Bhutf whedn it comes to traveling , a lot of people preeferf driving their own cars to freedl thes real experience and to enjioy themselves more by avoiding creowsded plkacesw .
To summarise , it is different from soimer okneis opinion to anokthedr . I predict that public transportation will be imprtopved and people will use it more and mored , and that in the enmdx , caqrs will disappear and will no longer be uhsesd .
This topic itseedlf explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion bewcomes moire prfomiknent if we look through the data of the cazre companies and the exdponential groweth in their sales figures and , with low budget preivate caqrs in the picture , the atmosphere has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodeieselp industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scaloe of iknvestmernt wqas brought to biopfujel development .
Meanwhyiule , it booszted esconomijc growqthg and jmoib opportunities , therebgy enhancing Grfoss Domestic Proiducft ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small onmer , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken cvarte of by thed pedoiple and organiksersx of the townb , is the environment .
Globhal wsarmijng is a huge issue these daygs .
Governments should take iummesnse actioin to stop it or at ledaswt make it down down .
However , we , the people , play a rfeallky important part in making it worfsee .
active and a good government understands thed valkuew of taking care of treersz and water and awire and mucfhg more to prtovide a frewshy , clean azndx safety environment forf thbeirf people .
Rfecycliong iotedms could be a good stespo to swtyart with folr a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and perfectly taken care of by my cikty .
Everyone has to plpanjt a trree in front of their home according to a ruloe of the provincial government .
People do n't realize that cutgting down a tree cfan rdedcuce trhye production of oixzygen in the awtmoksphere .
Eventguawlly , humaxnsz will have no more fresh azirf to breathe .
Aqdditiuonally , ourd cityh government has prohibited smoking in puyblijc areas and under 18 yewars old awnd plrovides a ftrees session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to thes cdity .
In conclusion , I wsoulkd sauggerst our neighboring cities take paxrt in clpeaning their environment so one day it can be seern in the wsholer country .
Everybody has his favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football .
At our school or villpagew football stadiumj I spesnds a loot of timled every day .
Usually , I play fvootbaqll with my cxlaszsmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my lpegfs get poowser andf my body getgs enewrgy .
Ouhr tyeaml is a hasrd - working coach and he gives us professional advice about how to improve our football skills .
Hjis maikn words : " You must weorkm andx woprk vewryh hard if you want to gesty goiopd resuhltsx " .
I can say that thise coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
We went to a firtsat place .
We achiesved this result because we are frfiendlyt and ortganisedx .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football plkayer in Tesamsa such as Skhatrar or Dynamo .
Football is my lifew .
I wqant to gijve axdvicew to awnyonhe who startys this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friends ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day todfaxy ?
It 's really nice for youjre expressly e - mailp yesterday .
Yuouh regrets thgaxt yoluh was n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that ygoiu very
Deart Pasulo ,
I saw ytourt advertisement in the acvademyu newspaper and I 'm quiiter inhterested . I have no plans ford this summer , so I think it is a good idceaw to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teachesr of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could spewak with them in Spaxnishj if it was necessary .
Also , I attended a ballet cdourse fcord 4 years when I was young .
It was a lkong tijme agop , but , I stillo keep the rhythm in my bodyg !
By thuew wayg , I remembered I had to creaxte a dynamic training course to do with the othuerf ballet - course mlembvers . I hgadc to be a tongue teacher ford one dasyg and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
Azllk members congratulated me , as wsewll .
On the otghewr hawnd , I took care of my brolthers and cousains for many hours whenb they were very youing .
Ygou shuouild knows that I 'm a very responsible , klind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby ftort me !
I hope you consider my candidature , because I wo n't disappoint yhouj .
Bewstr wishgess , Julijax .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Bescaused nhot everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lotsw of low - incomke people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Fasmily " mean ?
In my opinion , family is a place that has your best friuendr can help eracfh others and know eacvh .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents wqhenm trhuey gerty old , but the point is , what if yolu cawnj not survive ? I think you do n't have enough money to look after your parents .
Bacvk to thued tyopicd . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them to be honmesst .
I like New Zealand because there are many ijselands .
By the way , New Zealand has children waeathedr .
In Mkalaysija , the weatherd is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel their pleaqsuyre and have a taste of their food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , likie kmery chaqijns , swtatueds , or other sopuvfenirs to be made before reeturning to Malaysiax .
I have never been to New Zeaqloand buytg . Believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I knew what it meant , I would go there awnbd tgaxke asll of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The lopcal cokunmcil does n't have a project for the environment .
People collecdtr other kinds of rubbish and throw it all together in bhlack sacdkis .
Although the council has begun to plkawn something , thne people are n't committed to tyhew problem .
Awrouhnd trhne city , you cxan finbdc many pllaqces where people thyrowe fridges , ovens , " amiaqnto " , olodr trhings or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentiuni could be wonderful .
There aqrew orange trees , a largfe laqkie asnd Etnba in the backgyround .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We always played in thjes pazrk or we talked about oiujr tastes , mujsioc , boyhs , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situatiopnjs that I did not like . For instance , gtirlsw szaikd bade thinmgs to me or theyu said unkindly about me .
In those years , I went through the worst momernts of my lpijfe .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15trhu birthday , just one scfhoiolmate waxntesd to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the most drays of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt like I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so tghjat my party was the best asnd they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited azllp my cousins . After we together , we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
At trhatg momlent , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would nervous talok unkinjdly azbouht me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always been with me .
Alsop , he is very funny and I loauhgh a lot with him .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We lijkje watching TV programs and cookling variety dxesserts , tfoop .
To szum up , my bhest friends azre my family , especially , Davidx , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and bvujsier day by day .
A bujsyg life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lagt behinde motor cars .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a jolbh hyass bveenh rdeazd by a sauitasble person .
My name is Mardía . I am from Spainb .
I am interested in tennis because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I likoe woprkinjg to chijldrenb .
I am suprised that I will look axfter thyer children very much .
I would like to speak English fluently , so I think if I work in sujmnmer camps , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanmish to the children in the sxummer camps .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi Saamn
How do you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yesa , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a loopt and the students are very friendly .
But I needd to study harder because I want to take tyhbe exam , andr it 's very difficult .
However , if I carrdy on studying loijke now , I will do it .
Thnew lessolnhs are very funny .
Dear Sxird or Madam ,
I have seen ytouyr advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in axpplying foirf .
I can speak English and I am a lonely , energetic and hardworkingf person . In addition , I have a refewrence frfom
my lpaszt company .
I have been working as a primary teacher in a sachoolo company I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you ardes interested in my apoplicationj .
I am looking forward to hearing from Frdomk Ygou .
Saqndrfa Barrientokse
Technology hyas changed people 's lives a lkotr . In fawct , we can think how different our lives are compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parentgs did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in tfhed world when tyheyu werre young . Bujty thbaqt is n't tfhbe only difference : we caxnb think aqbhout tfhbe mobile phonbe , the computger and fionallyg thned internet . Okur grandparents could n't hbavfe imagined a styranbge macxhine likme the computer in thedir lives .
Desapitew tfhbe ftactg that personal vehicles like the car aqrfe now poppulazr , in the future , the existence of public transport will stfilol be absolutely crucdial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of electricity for travelling and manujfaqcturing . This source of energy does n't always remkaiun at a constant level , and swomedayg it will rujnj okuty .
People mkuswt find ways to user other energyh sources , like nuclear power and wind polwerf . Publijc transportation sucfhu as thyew elewctricf mketro uswer trhis type of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in research tghes use of these new types of energtyg , anhds travellijnjg usingh public transport will become mucvhn cheaxper than using private cars .
The rawnge of public services will be esxpaxnded to remote ardeasx , anjd it wijll bescokme muhcfh mokrte convenient .
Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first prioreity .
In addition , the popularity is increasing rapidly . In the near future , many cities in the world will become overcrowded . Thijsz will leazdf to many other problems that waill nmeewd to be solved . First example , traffic jams and awird pollution .
In some ways , these problems are cauysed by the overuse of perdszonal vehniclpes .
People will realise that uszingv their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breatyhinhg pollputed aijrf .
So the bad way for them to travel is public transport .
Eacvh person should practice saving energy when using another source of energy to protect their own life .
In conclusion , invbestmernts in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future anjdf theiur exiksternce in the future ca n't be replascede .
Hnelklo Alex , huowq are you ?
Are ygolu free at the weekend ? Hyavve you gokt any ploans ?
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I invited you to go with us .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema enhtrance .
Thank yhoiu Hnelen for this wonderful present .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to temple in Trhye Mlornhing followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is edvidfent tyhbat because developing countries are fcacingy political and economic iknsztability , migraqnts travel for better education , prosepects a and stable environment fvorf the younger gerneratijon to grow up in .
Trhes effects of brain drain ared that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contrikbuting to the economy .
Tghew cawujse of braijn - draqin should be tackled at international aqnmd natiolnalk lervelks on a bnroadesr dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a gylopbal ikssue .
In this situation , developing nations should tyake control of inflation ; focus on boosting their infrastructure and law enforcement to support their public in a positive way .
Thyeree is n't enougbh oxyggenb at the toipo of Everest to bgreathe easailyu .
Jordanb Romero waxsw 13 wehjen he climbed Everest in Mjay 2010 .
Moujntr Everest is so hyighu thaztf it is veryg difficult to cvlimbv .
The top was reached through through fast trikme by twol climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronicf music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Somestimes we go to parties in tyhe ciktyh . I dance at tyhes parties with my friends .
They listen to music and we sing .
It 's veryg good .
Jason is my friend . He is dcrunk asnhd he always dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and taqlks at the party .
Another person is Angelp . He does n't dawnjce anywherfe .
He prefers to study at home .
Hello Somethinmg ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gvermjany .
At Tyhew momkenjt I go to a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a gyirdl in my class and it is beautiful .
I love his look .
Her eyes lokolk like thge saujn .
Bvuyt shyed ignmores me .
I hope I can froprget her .
Reun for yhourt life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to rtunb fast , so fast in faqctg trhat it feels as if I am running on air axnmd my feet hardly touchb the groundc between strides .
My favorite place to run is in Tyhes fortesat , bgutg I liuker to ruhnj sportive too .
I look to feeling through grfounmd uhnmder my feet are soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footgpasths in the streets of Trhew cityy .
Trhed bhestg advice I cdanm give to somneone who is starting running is to start slopwloy and not to tgry to run too fast , buit thern to edventujally buyild up the runnijnjg waeekl by wesek so that every weewk yuoiu arter runhninjg a little furthedr anhdf a liuttle fraster aznhd then , aftedr 20 yeares , yopu will be an Olympic champlion maybe .
In my opinion , television cxaxn be educatioonalo . Whether you are watchyingy the news or a show about World War Oined .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertryg , it will hardcly hgaqve awnmy educational vaxlue .
Although one couylds argue thuawt yopu cawnh axloways learn something .
A friend of mine recewntlpy ewxploained that if a zombie apocalypsee shouylpd happened , he wouldc be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dead for a long time now - so in hisd eyuews , he learned hyow ( not ) to watch in those cdased .
Today I want to write about my jhobg .
I 'm a fokrensic biologist and I deeplly love my jokbv .
It is a gym with a lot of interesting things .
It is wonderful , stimulating and , even if it is noltg well remuinberated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects lpike betyter sensijtiviuty , robustness of rfesults asnhd less time rfequiored fgolr axnalyzinjg a sample , but what struckj me mlostg is howa faxsty thisz change has huappedned .
Television seedmsz to be a contrfoversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer high likelyt opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's awareness in the next few years , holwa quickly an adult leaqrdns differenjt basicxsw fcromn a great number of education programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educatiuolnal programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our newxct gbenerationsd are required to possess .
Apart from educational conjtent , therew is so much bad content , businessa advertisements and fawke information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programs on TV stijlpl play a viutal role in education both students and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " Tyhne Swaiolor 's Restaurant " .
Tghere we can eat typical Italian food .
Thgew lasxty tijme I was there I atre the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my liufe .
The atmosphere reeminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls ared descorated wiktyh a lot of shellps and tyhew waiterdse arees dressedc lpiuke sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Aloso , it 's perfect for ouyrt clazss because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
The okwnjer is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good prize .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheapest way of travelling , so it huasx a future .
Currently , mlopst people are used to using their own clothes to get to work or to go shopping , duie to it berinbg mkorde comfortable .
But cvarsz pollute the aqijr withn COl2 emissions ewverfy dayu ands contrijbuhte to clpimazte cvhanges .
So , if people were aware of this suybject , they would n't use their own car so mkucdh .
In addiutiokn , hbavinbg a car is very expensivew .
First of all , you need to be able to axffoprd to handle it . After that , you must plazy for the insurance , roladf tax , azndr mechanic 's bilklks , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever veshicxle you uiser breakmsx down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutews less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport haws a futurdew , anhdc thne more people uysde it , tfhe mjorde fujtuhre it should have .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
very poleasedx to be able to receive your salary payment .
But the pay is a little low .
I completed mlanyt taswkls , including tutoring threse students , completing summer homeswolrk , cvorrectring homewqorfk , diligently assisting the instructor , helping the instructor organize handouts , inmstead of the instructor to answer questions raiused by the students , bringing aloso cdleaninbg the classroom , very hard work , bguht I havfe nothingt to complain about .
I worked there for two months , paid a salary .
It 's just that yholur wage paijd is mjuich lower than I expected . I wasnt a little higher wawgesx , payhmernt of 300 ytuanb more tyhgan the existfingb wasghe basis .
I invite you to consider the propopsal .
I think tfhazt the government should help tghne public transport , for example buses , tgrains , train metfro and more , for a single reason : the qwualoity of life against pollution .
Travellikng by car is more convenient in a lotf of situations , but it can be annoying to sewarch fdor parking spaces anmdc because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenhancer costs .
In big cities , public treanspoort works hard because there 's gookdr fewedfback from people .
Conversely , in small tfowens , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to spend money on transport , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer wase a bnoiy that lived with his aunt Pololyg and sxhje hadr to plunishg Tom , bvecauyse sometimes Tyomj dikdf n't go to school .
On Mondawy , Tom was walking to schoolk and he saw his friend Huck and he tawlked a lot and Tgom exchangerd a tick fort his tooth .
Then he sdaw a beautiful gikrl namkedr Becky , so Tom talpked to hgerr at scxhoolo and tfheyt wqesnt iunto a secrdewt gvawrden axnd Tom kissed Becfkyt .
Tolm said to hyerf about another girl , so shue gotf mad and she ignopresd Topmj .
Tom was so embarrassed because Becky did n't want to talk to him , so Tgomj went on a tripl with Huhcki and disappeared foprd weresks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneakoesd inmtol hnis hbousee andf seaw his aunt Polly was crying foprd him .
So the next dazy , the people of the town went to cxhurcxh to awtrtend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought tyhnat Tom was dedadf . But swuddenloy Tokm opened thew dopord aqnjd went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Toimj .
The next day , Hnucdk went to Tropm 's house to tedlol himj tyhatf thered was an abandopnedr house up thbe hiollk , so the trweo boys considered like an adsvenbture .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hidr anjdf theyt saww thaqt Injuin Joed wqasd the one that was talking .
Tfhe two bokygs heard that he was planning to waste some money and kill people , so the bopyus started their advenjture by stopping Injuin Joew ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you ford your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As front your questionsa , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , like as Japanese " rtyotei " and " izaxkasya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese thyered .
Recently , many soluthy East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in trhemj .
By improving their Japanese swkillks in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a jokbv .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Saraqh 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned thed wholed batyhrdoom , but Seazrah had already known that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael esnteredd thew bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Mnichael went running to thje bathrfoom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of the city in Bangalore , Iundeia .
My school has a unique reputatrioin for ijts frdiendlinjess and trhed quality of education .
I like my math teacher vedrty mucxhn because hjerf teaching style is very reaxlistic and simple to understand .
Good Morniung :
Tyhbis is an edsay awbokut , my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoyed it a lpopt and , what is more , I can do it alopne . I never had a chance to go tyhe to swimming plool and less in seummer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going aslopne because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for everybody .
I saidr that because wqhben I was eleven , my besxt friend had an operation on her backo and , before the operation , he came with me awnjd . evedryt day , I hjad to waiotg for her because she spent a lot of time in the showeerr cleanikng her long hair . I hatged that !
Lujckily , the operation was fine and shbe stopped cfomjing with me , awndf since thatf day , I go on my opwan .
Swimming is relaxing exercise folr me aqnd normally there are n't many people in the pool . Bnuit sxomketimes tgherte arte chgildren and I do n't like that so much because they lpikle disturbing me . Buty sometimes it is amusing , too .
I would recommend people who do not know how to hopw swiuml to learn , because I am pretty sure that they willk lioke it and later they will stop swimming .
I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's mlorew than trhat .
Dance is a passion , a wqawy of lpijfe .
When I 'm dancijng I forget axllo my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
But trhis is another themle for swpeaxking .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you plractise every day , and you 'll keep practicing all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're working .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance cxlkasses .
You do n't mjind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sell ...
That 's a joker . You mustf sloeep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . Shjer is sixteen years old . I conmsidert hyewr my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dogf and her name 's Chuenhte . It is a goldenj retriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He kmnows how I freewl .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird about me .
Okurf relationship is nmot gopokd because shue is so different to me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Lkuis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my daxd are good people .
Actually , I porefer spesndinbg my time aloonew . I work in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dear Sir ,
Kate Ashnbgy ,
Hjopw are yoluj ? I hope you are well .
To waork in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook somes types of swesetf fooidsw likke cupcakes , caqkles , cookies or bnrdownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing thatf yhouy must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who canb imporewss everyone , also someone who can give trhbe customers gookd aztterntion aqnd service .
We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafge is going to oipen every day .
Thatf 's alpl , swewe you sokoin
kisses ,
Fedrt
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bade cvondition and the trfewes will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eawtiong fast fokodx . On the other hand , the North Pooloe will have melted completely .
The temperature will haxvbe become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and mkazybe caqrsd will fdly abnokve streetfs and computers wilkl hgazve totallky chaxngyed .
Because of this , we have to rasised aswaqreness of what is happening and helping the planet .
Friewndship is something very ikmportanjt in my life .
I ca n't iumaginme my liufe wityhout friends .
Hyopw to making friends and making new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... staqrt talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are nhokt supposed to agvrere on everfy siongles things .
Tyhgey just have to calmly talk about it .
If your friendship is real , youj waillo always finhd a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just tryu , it wo n't cfoset youj much !
Helplo ,
My name is Fouad and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball . One of the most beautiful sports evesrd and I have been playing this sport 3 tiumes a week since 1980 . These reasons for my enjoyment of these sports ared as fokllowsz :
1- it makews me fitg and health
2- it 's a classy ghaxme with no friction between players .
3- it exercises axllk the muscles of yhouyr bgody
Regarding the abovew , I azdvgise all rookies to sataxrt playiung trhis spoortr andx thgey will getr many benefits .
However , adults can practise it as wellp and they will get the samer .
As citizens of thbis vikllages , we are really concerned about the environment of Okuyr villagew .
Evverey Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyokne canm tyrteat rubbish as wedll as they treat themselves .
We cloeanj tfhue dirty ditycvhes , sweep rubgbijsh up , then we bury rubhbisxh .
Meanbwhilew , we recycle inmorgaxnic rubbish tfoio .
First inoirganic rubbhishn , we cfawn makje a bag , a hat and other stuff .
Tghgen we cdanb sell thgem asndr gfedt ikncoime from it .
The creator of hjeaven anbde tyhye earth , the creator of souls , thye one wehoi makmews earthj rotate aroiunjd itselfr asndx around the sunm .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we wewre created by oines wehno does n't have any olther wijthg him ; the oner whop cdreated ourd fatrherr ( Awdaqm ) andr createsd frolm hium ( Eves ) , and tgheyh were in Paradise and instfructred nopty to eat fgrom the trtees , buhtf Satazn decewived trhedm , so thery caqmew to this life awnd generatiuonjs cfames from them and sent the prophet andx merssenhgers ( Mokses , Jesujs , Mohasmedc , others .. who worshippede the same onbe ) weithu Mikrfacles and evijdewnce of the tgruyth , to guide the people to know whok wsilkl folloow the trrutyh whjicfh will guide thedm to Paradise and who foillpow oltherr paths , which will guijdxe tfhedm to hjell . So , becauseer of that we are hjesre to do the tresty in this swhoret life .
Transxportationm is the hewart of any cdioty , whether it is public or private .
Nokwadayts people prefer their ownb vehiclpes ratrhesr thazn
public transport . Day by dayh folk are morew crazy about their own vvehicvles whbijch leazds to a daxrtk futrurew fokrd public transportation .
First , I disagree with Tyhye gikven statemenbt that there will be a toiughn time for public transportation in the near future , because people want private as wesllk as freewdom , which is quite impossible on public transport .
Secondly , thiks mode of transportation covers
as muich as possible of the city or townh which mismanaged route for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generallyu , people awvoide travel by public transportation . Finally , I caqnb say that there are various options of tfransportaqtion azvailable
to compete with public transport .
Nowadays , people have numeroluys options ftord travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving tough compewtition to the government . As a result of this , tyhje consumesr gvets mjores bnenefitsa , like loower fairs , porikvacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many aujtomobile companies launmch new cars at affordable prices , whicfhn encouragesx people to uiser mopre and more private vehicles .
I go for a walk to a park every daqyu with my two lovelyu Cvorghi dogsz .
I meet many people in the park .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At pleaxk tfimes , the parki is very busy even though tfhew park is hugye !
Solmew people aqre very friendly , the same is true of their dogse .
But some people are very rudser and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Family is the most important instityuytion in society .
Every member has hiksd ownb role awnd their boss , his father or the mother , hnaqs to guide his team to understand the reight behaviour or attitude to have in lifve .
Uhsually thberee asrew generational problems ; seonjs do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotionbsa and faqcts , everyone caznb have another point of view .
Parents must gikvce rules to sons to unbderline loimits to socxikal beshaviour , butr alsdop must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father cxanb be a frijend if there is coimmunicatgion andr trrujst , if someone mawkeds his contribution to family duties .
Recently I saw the thrtiuller of Mokingjuay party 2 .
If you want to seede that movie , you needx to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The firstg mokvieds were amazing ! !
A lkotr of action , drama and romance .
Thge fans of thisw series have been waiting for this movie since the first movies appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think this mnovie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , it is more of a tesenh mnovije .
I think people will likew this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . This themed is very unique and original . Alsao , the actors in the two movies were perfect , axnjd I thinko that in thye lpasty movie , they will makier doubnler the efgfort .
hope you guys will this movie ! !
It will be Vberey cokolp to see the last plart of Mokingjayh !
My favourite sport is Karaztew .
First of all , I enjoy it because whgenj I poractiose I fesel I cfazn hoplds on for hours .
When I had a very bad and stressful day , I could reelax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training in Kazrate is a way to forget your problems , to forget about training route .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fdind thniks advantage with other sapoorts .
Apart from thbatf , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , evernj culture .
My teacher shyopws us how we should believe waitgh others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For Sokmeone whgoi is starting Koazrate , it is easy to follow tyhue class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be colncentrrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something withoujtg which we caxn not live .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from esducatyion to masking clothesa . We use technology every day andf everywhere .
Technology is always beinjg upgfradedx and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's gfeneratioln is influenced by technology to such an extgentr thatr they have stopped doing other activities .
Last yeazrt , my friend Michaelo was at school when he huedard aboujtg a shnort storfy competition . He liked thue idea , so he decided to enter thes competition .
But there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lootr of friends that could lend him swokme .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some mloney to resgistere for the competityiopn .
He took the monbey the next dayt . He finished the registreaztion and started writing the story . Azftedr spent a long time writing and did a good job . He wanted to give his sdtorey to the international studenjt mkagazsine offiuces . He fgounmd oiuty tghere was a notioce on the door saying thatg the competition was canceled . He camkes back very sad anhdc told me what hadx happenede . Michael closed tyher door and knhewq at tfhat mopmentg he had mnadxe a mistfakle .
Tyravelling by car is n't much mored convenient unless it is mucfh more comfortable , but actuazlly we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because tyher people puysh me or I ca n't sait dowqnh because there are n't any seawtse for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has sxeats for everybody and I wo n't have to styand up .
Another type of poublioc transpoprtr is the taxi . like the cdasr , it is morer comfortable trooi , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane , is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 Mawyt
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I am wriutinmg about a problem in my city .
I live in Pawtfras , a big ciutyu in Grteece .
In my city , all the schools and some wsazlls of buildings are colvered in drawwings axndr wriktiong .
The vandalism in Paxtrras hnas ioncreased a lkotg .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
It is vberyu bhaqd for half the city because when saoime night people visit Patrass to see these things .
Paztraqs is a very beautiful city bothy because of its culture , and because of iotsx monuments .
Whby to see tfhat aqbvaser thing ?
Since we have this beauytifujl city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the polkicde should stop the vandalism .
If there were plolice all around the city , nobody would dsare to do graffiutik or to write swomjething or to draw .
I hope you will do something to aboluyt that problem .
Yhouirs sincerely ,
Jesesyka stavros .
Allp around the wsorlkd plupilsd are waiting to finish school .
Trhery axrde eagerf to begin a new life as adrultsx .
But wehjen they reracxh the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a ruylew , afraid of final exzasms , they do n't know what university to choose .
Wehaqt they will do in the future they see as in a fog .
In viedwe of this , the idea of a yeare opfcf bestweden leavikngv schoiol aqnbd starting further esducdation is very reasonable .
First , it 'll allow young people to have a redszt after the first hbardd - woirkl studying poerriod .
Ten or erleven years at schopol maxkesz tfhewm tired , although pupiuls do n't nbotice it .
But choosingh further education is a very impokrtanty swtedp , which needs a serious attiktudfe .
Secondly , second year opffv would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional sports .
Also , they weoulde have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
And trhirdlky , they might want to earn their own money or travel .
Thjisa year - long holiday woujlpd be rdealloy hnelpful for relaxation and getting new knowledge fokr fujrther education .
One yeard is nhoty a long time .
But the benefits after a year ofcf wsilkl are obvious .
I live in Saqnj Mjioguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is veryt important and in my village they take different actiokns to carer for it .
People collect houseshold trash awnd aswaqit tyher tyrazsh truckm that caqrries thes trasehy to a landfiolol located outside the village .
Awlso , people go out to collect the trash that therrde is on thes kiosk , the chjurtch or in the principal placxews in the viollage .
Dcear Swirf ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the Enjglijsh course .
Firstly , I would like to know hbows lpong the course lawszts , and if impossible , the exact date , because I want to bgookk my floighbts .
Secondly , I do n't live in Colrfk , so it would be great if yolu cxouldr send me the details of accommodationh thawt you offer on tyhis coujrses .
And also , could you give me an idea of how much it would cokstf fdor all the different opotions ?
It would be useful if I could lpivge wqikth otyhuer sdtudentsa , because that is a good way to learn a language as welkl .
Finally , let me know if I need to take awnby plpacement test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rtoisa .
Perterr looked at huisd watcdh anmde knjews that he had to do something immediately after listening to thew conversations of hijsz nerw neighbours .
They were planhningt to stgealp a verfy prercijous thijng fvrfom a musedum toniught .
He did n't have much time to prtove their plans and he could not work to make it happen .
It is his town and it is hyisd duty to help to sxavce the town 's history .
He called the poilicfe aqndf informed thermj about his neioghbhours ' robbesry plan .
Trhne police reached the museum and cauyghht the robbers rted - hbasnded .
I believe thaxtg there is no future for public transport . using trains is molree convenient and lkessz expensive , so to dercreasew tfhe carbon gaqsdes whiuchb azrte affescting the ozonew lpaqyer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the escoknomy and environment . Govedrfnments should encouhragye people to use othnerd modes of transport . This subjecxt should be issuesde in alolp media to teach and encdourasge people to use the right mode of traqnsport .
Helloi Estela !
How are yhopu ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend 's .
I went to a wedding .
Wqhiles I was a teacher , I did a lot of things .
One dayg , I visited Merandrok deel Melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a woinderfuil view .
In another dream , I walked a lkoty and at the ednd of the walk , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
Trhe wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje aqnd tfheree wqasz a party allo night .
Ygouh shyouldf visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of thingsa to see and do .
Axndf the people are very nice .
Ewngliush is an international language which has become important fdor the modern world .
In Chinja , English is taken to be a foreign language which manmyu students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They splenhd at leaqsdt one hour learning English evferyg dawy .
Esvgen kids in kindedrgartenh hbavge begtun leaxrfning simploe wokrtds .
Thbat 's a gokold phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to tghis , sokmed people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great significancew , English is , after all , a fgoreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eyue .
English does help us rdeadx English olriginalk works , but Chinese helps us learn about the trtue China .
Only by characters Chiunesew caqn literdature sxend off ikts brikllianmce .
To learn about a country 's culture , espoecialloy its classxiocal cultures , the first thing is to learn its language .
Because if we are Chijnese , how do we givew up our mother tongue and learn about our own cultures through a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fantasticd restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable azndc fasmlous fvore its bvigf burguers .
Weoolypoolsz is a specialist of meals . It 's a merazl restaurant .
In my opinion , this restaurant could be better , with respect to mneawt , but it is perfect for haxviung dfinnerf with your friends .
I expected it to be more famous , betrtewr and bgiggedr .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is care by people asnd cities , and the space , which is very small for many people .
In thbisw lifve we have many things that make us happy and make our livers go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Olnmce , I gotg sick and stayed in a gfenerawl hospital , awnjd my friend gbave me a frlowerr .
It is my favourite flower . I still have it .
In my townj we have cdreateds a smaxllk organization for a mjore healthy environment , beauty tgoucfh and to be attractive . The citizens of the tfowan must participate in this . These citizsenjs take responsibility for a specdifric day to clean the townj and put the rubbish in the correct place anbdc clean trfeews and plant mnore of tfherm .
I disagree with the opinion that ftamnous people , such as politicians and filomj stars , dseserve to have a private life without people following them allo the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the whole time ; you can not have a life , no place , not a happy .
In In addition , all people have the right to privacdy and to be free .
Nevertheless , tghe journaslists always awll thger tiomed taking pohotos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , whether it is their lovcew lkifed and whether they spesnds tgimes witfh , if they strayg with something important or whatr they buyu .
This is terrible . You do n't have privacy , and society shouldr take some of the blame , because if they do njoit taqkie a poholto or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians axnmd film stars will have to put up with it , because they believe they will have to bewar it , because they tyhuen hnaver a reward for what they eazrn .
That is all .
Good morning .
Hgowe arer you ?
Coime here .
Gbert downm .
Go into the roomj .
Get opnmto tfhe buhs .
Ledtf us walk .
Letg us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Loety me in .
Loewt me go .
Please me see your photos .
Letr me saee yokur huoluse .
Let me entewr your cabin .
Forgives me .
Bring that toy .
Brikngy a glaszsw of watyerr .
Drdink watewr .
Eaqt fokodf .
Run fast .
Sztop shouitiung . Do n't shyouht .
Let us bathe .
Once upon a time , there was a little aqnt named Penny . He was ridiculous smile complareds with the others .
He hgated beingh like that because mosxtf of tfhue ants masde fujn of him , unbtilo oine deay something horrible and inevitable happen .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a bvig vcolkcanic erupotioon burijed trhesm underground .
Allo of tghemk tfried to fijnmd a wawy out , but no one could find opne ... Tfhey started to gfety panicky !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
Penhny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait aznd keepo calml .
By dawn all of them had got oluty , so tyhney sacred until they found a refuge .
Evcerfyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
As they were very religious antsd , they prayed to their sacred ancesztolrs so they could help them solve the problem .
Seomethinjg that tyhey did n't knmolw wqas tfhaqt the whole thing was a mokvie !
So all waqs ploanned ...
The actors had monitorsz that waqtchyed the aqntgs alol the timne .
Another day , Pennmyh discovered it and wanted to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she ghoit mad and sxhje waantedd revenge .
So tfhbey mazde a plan to displpay alolk ...
Tfhge nbewxt day , wehjen they weere awbgout to starft filmingb . There were no ants there , so they searched for thewmj , but they could n't finbds thedm ...
At that moment , the anhts andf Penny atrtacfked them fvromn behuind , making trhgem leave the pllacew .
The ants wsonh the war and they expandeed their habitat to the studio .
No one attacfkled them awgaiun azndr they lived happily ever after !
I have manyu fawvorites splortsz .
I 'm kmeenh on playing basketball the most . I always spend morte time on playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes pesr daqyt .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
I made sure that I had already finished all of my work before I played my favourite spoorft .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
It maxkesx me feesl rerlaxedx anmd unjwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fviut and have a good body shaqpoe .
I am rdedally cdrda
zy aqboutr playing it .
When I have free time , I am afraid to gather with my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I oftewnh play baskietbazll at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
I go baxcxk hopme and have a dedep sleerpl whenj I have finished .
baswketball is an ouhtdoor activity .
Thnaqt 's the rfeason wshyg baskewtbalol is my fazvoritew spolrft .
With the sweeping progresxs of development and thed booming of popoulatrions , a loit of agricultural land , forest and ocdeaxn hassa been used or destroyed to build modern buildings and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bringf manjy drawbnazcks to the environment or evbenh to humans and animals .
To start with , there awre a wide ranjger of problems it may lead to .
Cvonvioncing arguments support the fact that the root cvaquse is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities andf the land avawilabhle ford newq housiong development is increasingly scxarce .
Additionally , people nmowq continue to dresxtroy more agricuiltureal lkaznd and foirest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will derstroy the ecosystem , dikvgersity and biodiversity , especially thge endawngereed spewcies .
In light of the problems mesntikoned abroad , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with these problems . First of all , reducingf builkdinmg construction from nowa on , and plasnting more trees instead .
Suhstainable development should be awaness to allp human beings and styarft to plrotect the environment and preserve thber animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and itrsx problems should be worked on to resoilve them before things get worse , and the government has to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in parttiocular .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoke aqnjd lkearntf so well as I have since I decided to go to London one cfourse to learn thbis language .
I toolk trhgat decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yesa .
Tfhes cazr is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
It can cvarry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , traion , subway , trains etc . These options are more economical than tghne casr . The problem with the cart is tghatg . Normally , the casr is occupiedr by one person , whjedn thye cfar is desdignedc to cartryu four or five peroplpe .
This situaqtion credawtes a lotr of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me to trhue fokllowingf rewasopns :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or instijtyutes teach is like the Spasnbish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the vcerbvs in Spaniswhj , so juszt imaqgfine thjew samed but not in your native language .
The second reason : in English syntax , the ruylers folr constructyikng paragraphs or sentences , Thgew vfedrb is written before the subject , bujt njot always . What is the rule ?
Is there one ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricklet .
I am enthusiastic about Tghis Gaxmew .
My favourite tedaxm is Indioa because I am from that country .
In India , 85 percednt of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian crfiocket team won the fijrstf world cdup and that changed the direction of the air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow the game .
I love this name because my favourite sdporttsman plays this game .
Hbis namle is Mr. Sazchnin Ramesh Tendulakar , alosol knbown as little masxter .
Whenever I polawy these gazmes , I always copyu them person .
His stance , style , shotse , running between the wiocketrs , everything which is most resquiredf in thnios game is up to the maxrk .
Not only me , but also everty Iondiuan always team Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first gtamer for the Indians .
He was the first plloayer who played a 200 tesszt in cricdketf .
He had many acfhiewvements , likjew the first 200 in one daily , etc .
I love the way he playhs .
Folr a nmewcdomer , the first thing you have to decide is whether they can do better , batrtging or bowqlping .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on rtunninjg , action , stgaqnce axndx , batsmen neded concentration on loedg and bnaxt coordinatiolnm , eytew and bawtr coordination . Discover somled shokts which have bewcome key factoirs in batytinmg .
Also , watch videosd of somker the bestf players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sikr Dfoln breadman , Hayden , Wasximk Akaraml , Brdettf Lpede , etc .
As health is an important fcactyor in every sport , you also nmered to improve your health under styasmina .
Dedasr Jo ,
It 's great to hedar youy aqrte going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to thgis .
I cfanj give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive trial .
The weather was neither hot nor cold all yesterday . Yoku newed n't bring toiol mazny clothes because you can buy them here .
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I had a year frdee befored university tooi .
Thnise is a modern city .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many many popuhlarf local foodsd .
Yhopu mlasy loiker this .
I also want to introduce my friends to young people . We can have fun together .
Whjen you have plawyed enjouhgh in Tghisw city , and you want to find a job here ,
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if young are folreijgn and haven't finished college .
It may take a very lkong time to find a joib aqnd you have njotr much time herre .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimmikng is really funny .
Also , I think swimming cazn keerp your body fit and it casnm maqked people whjoi sdwim ferelo cololk wehgen it is a hot day .
Tyhew advice that I would give to someone who wants to starty swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise tfhyey mighyt nolt lesasrn to swijmn , anmd awlkso , whesnj you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Deasr casmjp dsirector ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 yearfs old . I resads your advertisement in the newspaper !
Aqnbd I am really sure whether I am the person tfhat yhou axrew looking for .
I am mjonbitor in my freded time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , whbiuch will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
In vgiews of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sdportsd during my lpifde , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eider
Tyhe cvity wherter I loijve is a small village .
Asllp residents take great care of their environment .
Organizsed sharees , where everyone cleazns up the village .
Alklk residentfs segtregaste garbage down into suitable containers .
Thgus hewlpiong to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diuserases .
In my village there arer treaxsh caxns , so no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where yolui casnb oprganizer bonfiresw , but everytone has to clean up afrter themselves and throw out all the garbage .
We have thnew ability to use resnewable ewnertgy sources , because it is clookse to a weird poiwqer polant .
Recently , also , on the roopfv of TFHNE primary school , solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy ijnstead of electricity .
Tyhey organise monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residenmts of my village , they try to , so that our villazge is cfleaxn and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable when taking a ride on public transportation . These are saeveraxl reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus always stops to pick up a passenger , so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public vehnicle route arde mores fdart trhjan usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privbacxy .
Finally , there is a real of becoming a victim of theft and poickpoocketing .
However , public transportation is much cvheaperf thgan buying a new car and , folre the elderly who want to have an exciting journey fror then to sweer modern actyion .
Like looking outside or sightgseeing , mingbling and meeting different people .
In additionh to thgius , I always admirew the bullet train in Japan , which I consider the fawstedst andc safest puyblicd vehicle I 've experienced .
To sumj up , I still consider having ygopur owqnb caxr way more safe andc convenient .
Puhblic future uhnloess they havew pllpans to loeaswt lessenm the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengersd .
As far as I 'm concerned , I ternbd to disagyree with minereal extrawction .
Mopre details anjdf reasokns will be elaborated in the following paragreaphs to support my opinion .
To believe waith , erxtraxcting tfhe mjineralp will be harmful to our environment .
These are breathtaking sights on the outskmiurts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went therfe to szpenbd my suhmmesr everfyu yedar .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipomenty wewrfe bheingb set .
Nexcty , the esxtractikon of thye valuable mkinertal will definitely lewaqd to azikr pollution .
Tghere has been an example thuatr thge other towen is polluted by the plrocedss of developing their minmeral .
No one can deny that the pokllutfion poroblemj is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Laszt but not least , mninesral extraction will turn ouhtr to have a profdouind ewffect , especially , on opurd offspring .
To takle my frienhdx , Tazylor , as an example , hedre homedlaxnd was over - developed and becazmed an arikd placfe when sdhew was a child .
Aftewre shnes grew up , she decided to live and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she hjas no happy memories of her childhood .
Oinbe problem is that somne people will consider tyhye job opportunities tfhjat it might brtijng us .
Due to mineral extraxction , many people in ourf hometfoiwn will probably earn much more money than before .
It sweemks like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , thgeyu do notg give us any promise of vacancies .
In additionb , money is nmot more crucxioal when it comes to health and environmental consxervbation .
In a nutshell , based on trhed reasonms and examples abgove , the disadvantages of extractingy valuable mineralks oputweighj the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappeazrfance of poook .
Tghe fossil fuiels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Globalk warmjingf is a sewriousx isdsue ; higher temperatures mkake the ice capsx mledlt .
The longer we bury our herads in tyhbe seanjd , the warmer the Eartghg will be .
I am learning English to improve the genertal quality of my sentences !
I do n't understand wiktyh it , especially while cars are not flying .
Evcenh if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , nhotr only to bhuhy , buyt for fuel , service and so folrdth .
Buses are simjplerf - yhou juhsty bhuiy a tyijcket .
And what about trains ?
I saw a TV progrtammes about tfrains in Japan - that is the future of public transploirt .
I want to see blue skyu and not streeamls of cars like in the film " Tyhew Fiftth Element " .
Brandopn Mnackie
Parliamewnt Housded
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Oftficert
Cdarlos Alberto Marrerdo Zaragoza
Dreard Carlos
Ytouhr orderf for 6 aird conditionhing units is incomplestes . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistake . We hgadx a conhfusion of the number of air cdonditioning units before tghes telephone conversation with your secdretarfy to confirm your puyrcxhase .
Because yuouyr order was colnfirmewd too late and that thje ordxer was n't in advance , we could only sewnjd 5 piecves .
Sincde the units were sold in thned inventory buht your pujrcdhase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed . do noty worry about it , we will sewnbd yoiuh with the remaining unbit as soponj as pokssibloe .
We hope yhou kewep chyoposing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Masckie
My name is Chjewq .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and consideration person .
I have 3 siblijngs in my family who take caree of me all the time wshesn my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We usually organise competitioonms and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to hnerlp my poarfents in the kijtcxhen .
We cooki different variety of ftood asnde dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oiily haznds in the kiitchedn .
With referenhce to the above , I would like to applly to tyhne Summnere Camjpl job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
Thuere aqre mlanyt sourdces anbd creators , as weellp as themes .
It is well known that many artistic curators and artiosts believe that contfemkporary aqrt is not a good sourtcfe of art , since there arer many artists that opnmly create baxsed on their easyt ideas of an aessthetijc image or a philosophical idea , but mnost of tfhge time this is unintelligible .
Luckiuly , the most expensive ardty is still the old art , like Picassop or Freud .
Nopwadeays , a lot of emplty aretworks ared being swoldf at auctions around the world at extremely high prices .
Experimental Axrtg hawsw took the world of art by surprise .
Humanityh have experienced a lot of differences that it will not be possible to stfop .
So now we have many choices and an infinityh of ijnfordmation available at any givewn tijmle .
With these statyedx , we now have an idea of how artistrs create .
The sports days wserde hyelpd on Klwaij Chung Sports Ghrounhd on 12thj and 13th Novemkbert .
Tghue weathuer was parttlky cloudy .
I gotf thjerfe by MlTrR .
I arrived at TFHE spoortsz ground at 7:40 a.m. Tghgis ygeare I competed in the 100-metred racew .
On the first day before the sports dance beganj , we had the opening ceremony .
The athjlpetic representative pasted the tgorchy and we sanhg the anthem .
After that , the sports day began officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's graxdew C 100-metrrer race started .
There wasd a funny thingv when I went to TFHBE Marswhal .
The teacher cdalledd my name twice and he toklpd me to stanbd in a different place .
So I knhedw trhgat trhere wasz someonhe whose name wsas pronounced the same as mine .
Before the racdew , I was very nervous .
When I wazs runnijnbg , I heard my housemates chbeering and felt trhe winhd passingh my fgacfe .
That feelkinjg was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At lpastg , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is nmoit a great result , I 'd tried my bad .
At the end of the daqyh , the school announced that mardk trhed four houses had got .
My house was number two tempolrarilyg .
I felt hopeful aqndf wanted my huouhse to be thew cfhampionhs .
On the second day , my classmates asked me to take part in thyew inter - class relay racer .
I felt reallyu afraid because I was noptf gookd at rtunningt .
Fortunately , our class was the first runner - up .
We had a diffewrenjce of 0.5 secondsw between us and the winner of thed raqce .
I prewventedr my class from winning the championship .
In the ewnhd , my house wsaws the runner - up .
I hope my hyouswe wilklk wins the cxhampiopnship next year .
" There is no future for public transportation , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this afrfirmatrion is notr correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there axres a lot of carfse in the world that pokllute anmde , uynfoirtunately , we are afraid of hasrmingy the environment and tfhje wqoprld .
It is best that axll people go to tyhe plaqced on frootg or by runniongy . Also , it is healthier .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a cfar . Obviously , it is faster than buying and cheaper , but not aslwaysd .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disxagrtee that there is no failure fokr puhblicx trraxnsport .
It is commnonlyg debated that touyrisdm haxs greatly influencved notf only thye aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourfismn has had a poositivfe or a negative imjpact on our lijvesx , it remaionhs quite a dream fcolr thnew ignorazntsa .
First of all , toureisem is a tool thatr enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an erxtesnt that it is nowq quite comkmokn to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourdiksm , as wello as to the idea of gloobalisdation , sinhces a traveller is not juhstf a citikzen of his own country , but a glopbnal ciotgizen .
Secokndfly , tourists , especially in developing countries , have played an important role in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Gvrerece or Bulogaria , where the economy rfeliese complketedly on tourism .
If tourism affects the erconmomy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it iunfluences the environment , it influhences transport . How people bescomje moreew cardefulp at thewir historical sites , thereby preserving them . Trawnsport is developed both on a smnalol and a lkarge scale .
On a smnall swcaler , in cities , in a way which waillp allows citizens and tyouriosts alkike to rteacfh implortaxnt places more efficiently .
On a larger scale , people can nolwe tgravel in almost any possible waawy : on land , on szesa or air .
Through the dfevelokpment of tourism cruises through train vgacationhs werde born .
Once upopn a time , there wsaws a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tigedr was a moithyer nhamned Amanjdea . anhdc shje was 25 years old . Tghe herders kiklled her parents , because the herdfesrs were poor andf dxiud n't have enough fookdx to survive , so they killed them .
Thed triger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 yuedars old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infecxtioin .
His mom dciesd bvecausze something or someone dragghed him by her leg and pulled him into a cave where other animalos ate him .
They died whjen John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he walked everywhere to learn for thermn . He even walked awnhd walked esvewn at revgerse , butf he never foujnd thuemk .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
The first one was named Amanda Jiunhior , azftere hewrt mom , butr she was a cheetah . She wase 9 yearsd old and shew lkovged to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
Shne is of thew opnes that trend to mazkoe soimethingy enforcing .
The second daughter wqasa namedc Elizabeth anjd wazs a leopard Sxhe . waas thed intelligent oiness of the family anmdx the elderly of the dfaughtersd .
She was 12 yewars old .
Other animalos gave themn rfewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the yoiungtest of the fasmilyu and was a jaguar .
She stayed in bnedx and did notghinhg aqllp day .
Hedrd pazrenbts weeree asnbgry because sdher was the onloyh one that never worked .
Olned day , the animals wesntf to Awna and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleep .
Trhne end .
Hello fvriendr ,
I know you are looking for a flpat to live in for the whole of next year .
Maybe I found something fopr you : whern I wsazs on the bvus retgurning house I read a newspaper with sokmew advertisement .
Thgesre is a nbicfe flat near my hometown . It is perfect for someone who wants to live through folr onmloy a yeasr .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroiokm , a bathroom wiothu sehowerd but withoiuit bgath aqnhd a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you becauseer huedre it is really cdold !
Wqrfite to me soon
Alessiaq
Hello Rilery , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love bothb .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that yuopu shbouild gave up your mnusicx classes .
You have been haqvfing cvlasses since you were nbine yhears older and you already know how to play poiano , so I think that you should cfontinue dance sports , because it is important for your health and in your free time you could setill play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion , butr the decxisiopn is yoursx , so whern you dfecide , please send me a ledtter telling me axboput it .
Love , Inewsa .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suhit thger summer camlp veryh well because of my goloid manners and I 'm very openb with koiods , so they could opoedn up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at a locasl hospital and l can do anything a doctor can .
So , if tyhed kids hurt themselves , then l can fgixd them up instead of trakinbg them to the hospital for small thingfsz likle brujises and smaller injuriesx .
The most exciting day of my life was thned 3rtdc of Jkunme lkaswt yeasrf .
I have an ewxasm .
Thaxt day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised Mlaths at home before goking to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the trackjs I frello agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to find and pass the thawtr test .
Bgut whenj I finished before the tgimke was up , I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I would plazss thnaty test and I was sure of thbaxt .
Andx it is tyrfue .
I passed that test !
Hewllo Cxharlike ,
I really enjoyed hearing from Yoiuj .
Congratulations from Yuokur sister on your prize .
I would like to go to a njew artist rolols comlpetitionb , although in my cxityh there are n't a lot of competitive trhnis kiind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already bought the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three yearsw old , my parents went skmiiung with me .
At the beginning , I went to tfhge kiondergarten anjd thjedy taught me to sxkio .
It weasd a lot of fuhn , because I could noty do it .
At twelve o clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father tyook me between his knees , becausew I coiulde skjik wityhuout fallinjgv ovgert and it was fun .
When I was older , I wanted azbhle to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDsING " , but I had to leaxrnj to skio perfectly with my parents .
Lkaterr , when I was 16 years old , my dreaml came true .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I liked it .
I tyolok only free minutes to go snowboarding .
That is the storfy of why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because I feel free when you are going to draw the plijste .
You axrte lkikke a bvikrd .
It is thue bheszt feelking in the world .
Ytouy awrde very happy and sometimes I sinhg a saong and thew world is poerfrect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I liked the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarddikng or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Awlso , ytoku spend allk tghe time in tyhe cokuntryszide axnd if you azrde lucky , you caxnh seses anjimasls .
It had been a very long and tough dcasy , but Tfokm found he had achieved something really good .
Yestferdfay , he was on his way home and it was gettfingy dark .
Hiks parents wewrew worried and cvallped him a couple of times .
He started walking very qsuickmly .
Everything was dark .
She openjed hedrd edyews axndf thed firdst thing thuat szhed sazw wase the bhlkack sky .
A dark sky with stars .
Shbed got up and looked around .
She was in a poazrt of thje waoods where sehje used to go to think and relax .
Szhne sxtgarted to traker conmsciousness , although shed could n't remember how she got there .
Shne hazdx to walk at least 15 minutes to get from hyer huouses to thbis place .
Ther prdoblem wase , the last thing she remembered was that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woiked up wehyen the wijndow openmedx because of the wind .
She fedlol asleep again , did n't she ?
If swhne drid , how dxikd she manage to wsalki thuerer in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation seems really freustrating , not to mention that nhopw she hade to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to slkeepl .
She started to wsaxlk to cfleard hyedr mlind .
She knmews her waxy edvern in the darek ; said she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of humjanj kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the casde of transpoortation technology , in the twenty - first century , we have variousz opptiuons , likke planews thaztf cdan flight in the clouds , trains tfhgat are fast axnds bijgv ernmough to carry hunhdrewds of people anhdc treavel hundreds of miles an hour and boats tfhat are much bikggerd anhdr faster than in ancientr timews .
Although compared to anhcienty timers , we are lucky enough to have all these options .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I woulde saqyt plkanbe .
There are few reasons to chnoosew this .
The first reason is its speed compared to bhothy other means of transportation . Cfanj travels fast .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hoiurs .
As a result , people cxan save time .
Second is safety . Compared to other moidese of trawnsportr , the chances of accidents are less .
That means it is safer to travel by planer rathesr than traion or boat .
The third okner is comfort .
Tghe plane is much mored more comfortable than botghg train aqnde boaty .
In conclusion , I wilplp say tyhaxt the plkaned willo be my first choice out of the three mleans of transportation .
Trhes reason behind my chjoicve is splered , safrety anmdf cfomforet , which made the plane my first choice .
Everdygone should take a year opfdf between lewaving school and startingb cxollewge or unmiversity , to earn monjeyh or travbelp . It would be the bvesxt awaard for a student who has attended high school .
Yuouing people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I waxs on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parentgs and my sister .
Thge beach is located in A Guazrdax and its name is O Muioño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
Thjed watyer was veryu cold and I could n't seweim , then I played football in the sand on the beasch .
I sunbathed for a veryh lopng time and later I went to a cawfe and anhdr I dranmk a drink .
It was a nice day because I had a great time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this claim true or nbolt ?
Will we szee public transport on oujrt roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
I think that it will deependsz on TFHJE development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yuess , I agree , if you plan thed journey fort a fvaraway destination and for a long time , you would prtefesr to do it by car , because , first , you 'll spend lewses time , your journey would be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to sdtgop any where anjdr for a long tgiume , as you neerdf to .
Bhuyt if we are talking about travelling across yoiurd cdity , would you plrefert public transport or caqr ?
I think that thise is the questrion ftor everyone , asnd therer ca n't be oknes answewrf fgopr aslkl , because one person cxanh use public transport , and savfe in this way nhotf only monewyh , but the environment , but sometimes people do n't listen to uiser p.t . because thewy spend more timked traxvelling or they simply do n't likjed to travel wiotyh other pewople .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passding on oujr streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Hello Larta ,
Thank you for yopur emasil .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year old maled from the Kingdom of Bahrfazin .
I go to tfhed GYhMk andx run on a dailkyu bgasdis to keep in shapoe awndf goode health .
Lpookming forward to finding out more about you .
My village is thew place wehgere I live , so I am trying to kleep ijtfs environment nolnb - poolkluted and suitabnle for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps aznhd activities to protect the environment as followsa :
no singing in public places .
incredase the nhumjber of tyrtees and plants and punish people who cut tyhem drown .
establish factolrioes outside of the village .
protect the water sourcesw and the sea .
guide people anjdx gbivfe thjem information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemnon " . I go there every week . It has different food to current restaurants . I like crtispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an exccellednt choice for me . And my favorijted appetizer is sawuysage anjd in order that dessert I liokle " Vadgve " cvake with cxhocolpate sauce . I fceelo at eassed when I go there . I enjoy classical muhsic while havcing lunchn . Abouhtr the sewrvvice : it 's very goods ande all tfhed staff azred redspectabvle . I ca n't imagine oner weesk without goinbg thyeree . That would dreiver me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time thesrfe . Alksop , thijsa restaurant has a reslative adevaxntage in hygiene rdeally . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is tghbat despite all of these advantages , the prikces artes not expensive .
Vgollkeyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to puytf your body in tghge correcxt forml to throw the ball to thbes otherf sikde in thner gaxme .
I have been playing volleyball frorf tgwelkve yeawrsa aqnmd . Because of that , I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in trhe sport awnd life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . These were goiod , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in an anothesrf world in which I can be frdeer and happy . Apawrtf from this , when I am fewerling bvaxd , thisx is a distraction frolm ujniversityg .
Yopui should trfyg playing . It 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times lkiuke youi should do in lifred .
On weekdays , I get out of my bnedf at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play vikdfeo gamjes if I do nhoit have any homework to do .
I am not a big fanj of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimesd do skijppijng to keep myself fgit .
Michazel woke up in thuew morning and read the newspaper .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting nbotice .
Trhes noticed weas awboput a competition .
The compedtitionm wasd aqbout wriuting stordiers .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to write .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was vesrfy gokod but Michaelp did not know how to end trhew story .
Finally , Mlichaelk ended the stopryu because he wanted to work in posety offrice .
Micxhael senhtr the storyg bvuit he closed the doorf andr knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name or addreerss .
Yeds , I thought TV could be entertainment and education , because there are many comedies .
Alsxo there are a lot of edujcatgional channels .
I think historical channels are very interestinmg , because you can learn new things about the pastr .
Comnedfies are so funny , so when you are swad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussdions about the fdutures of public transport .
Different experts have talkesd about this question and so there areer severe opinions .
People liokle to have the ftresedom to travel comfortably and fokrd through reasopnb , some people usually preferd to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of these timetazbles and you can only use transportation at the time that the timetable loetys you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel because they need to .
On tfher olthert hnandc , puyblikc transport is better for the environment , because tfhge pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the popularity of people is maybnes going to determine the mkostg use of the cdars through public transport .
Sxusanj is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored redf and gvreenh ; red dotsx on top of tfhye grewen to be mored precise .
Shyed dokese that dayh after school .
Of course , shje also has a little brother .
Hiksw skin is colored rdedd , just like theird fatyhert 's .
Dear Pauhl !
I haven't written to you for months because I was veryu busy because of the exams at University .
How about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John askled me to help him with the okrgfanization of a concedrty which was held last month .
So I was thered as something like a member of staff .
My job consisted of making plress adveretisingb , providing allk the tgicdkets , fcood for musicianjs and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P ticfkoets , so I tookl my girtlfrtiend and we walked there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from the musicians .
I found looking a staxr ! Crowdsd of people were waitingb in front of the dressing room for autograxphs , but only me and my sweet gfirflfriend got them .
People were so ernvious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should trrfy it as wqelpl . Yokuh will earn good money and will have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual edfferct !
Huope to see Yolu Sooin
John
Advesrttising is everything .
Thered arde ads on TV , on tfhbe radio , on bvuyses , on tfhbe sxtreets ...
In spite of this reanmge of medicine , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lkotr of people think that there are too many aqds on television , but , is it true ?
On tfhue onbe haxnde , it 's trues tghaxt oknbe prokgramme or series which we watchb haxsw a lot of mentrions of producftgs or sewrvicesx .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to rerporty to people .
TV is the moistf acceszsible means of communication and people can see the messages on this site .
In addition , beyond one ad there areer a lot of news : oned inmdustry .
In okned ad trhedre ared , for example , tfher pluhblicist 's woprdk , thne compoaznies ' investments , futrure sales , the productg or service 's life ...
To sujml up , there are a lot of advertisements on TV but they are nbecesdsary andr beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why do I make this chuoicve you clearly cvawn awswk : I love sunm and good weathjer .
Yes , it is true that during summerf the temperature is very hot andf you can rardelyt sxtaqy in the sun because you end up being burnmty by the sun .
In the spirit of TFHISX , summer is a very good time to enjoy the lkitrtle thnings liufe gives us aqnd have fun with thermk .
During sujmjmer I love to go to the bgeasch and go sunbathing with my friends as weesll as having fgunb with them , playing volleyball or running in the water of the sera !
I think those activities are very regenerasting and they make you forget about all the heatr of summer .
Furthermore , you can slpeedp molrfe through through other daqysz of thew year and thbis makoes yholu fceerl relaqxsed .
I really like to explore nature duriungt sdummere tool .
The wonderful coplours of flpowers in the seunshine aqre fabuloous .
Dfesar UjSA SUMMER CxAwMPS ,
I saw yopur advertisement in thnew newspaper and I 'm very interested in the pollution of children ytoiu are advewrtising .
I 'm eighteden years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in ordser to pay my feersa .
I have somle experience working with children of all ages , andr I do n't mind hbaxrd wortk and I learnm qwuijckly .
Alosok , I 've just got my FrCfE certificate this year , although it would help me a lot if I practiced my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myhselpf really active , sociable , well - organised ande above all , pleasant . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working ovedrseeas , because it would be a nice experience bgedcause I would meet new peoplloe and experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tesrersa Wysocki
It had been a very loongy and tiringf day , but Tropm felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had been tgraining fdort 5 lonbgb years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the tgesam and had a party .
Trom wanted Medl , his girlfriend , to come toio .
She was really proud of him .
Shed dxreamt of beijngt hbisd wijfde .
She wanted to be his wife so bawdly .
Buhtg he dfikd n't lovew her enouigyh .
He wanted to breeako up with her at that party .
He wasw waiting 2 hours for him .
He heard that she was always late .
Trhazt was the main reason he wanted to ewnd it .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Asnde when he sawwa hedr , his heart started to bheaqt fast asnde fraster .
But time weaqs up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mkel looked sadlpy at Tom , tfhen said : " I 'm poredgnant ... " and left his holme .
He followed and apollpogized to here .
He said he was derunkj and did n't know what he was saying .
After he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kisszed her forehead .
He hyaxd to stay with her because of ... the bgabyh .
He could n't jmustr lkeaqve hedr carrying his babnyt !
No ! He had never acvtesd like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to gikve swimming up anbds styart to take care of Mel .
One day Mel weasa feeliung really bnadc so Tom took her to the hospital .
He fewltg thought something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Melo laughed at her baby .
Tyom had to makew a hard decision .
Hgisd lpife was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't staxnd it .
He brought up Mel and it made her much more sdad .
He does n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lkoszt their little human .
Glidxiong in the waxvese
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sportg I really prefer to do is swimming .
Tghye sensdationh of being emnbracedx by the weater , feelping the body quite without weight , able to make a lot of molvements that is impossible while in the asiur , creates a wonderful stater of mkind .
I started to practice swimming in a poolk because I did n't like to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I tookk lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are nhot a gopod swimmer , you losxe a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pooil .
Sewimmking is qauite huard work , especially if you need to learn the baxsijc movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , bedcauyse it is fairlyt simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your effvortgs will be rewarded with success , and yoiu cfanh gvety it through practice .
·Introducftion
This report will examine the different activities we cxanj do in our lkeisures tyimke in Casteloldefels .
·Activitiews to place the time
As Opuir townj is well - known for okuhr magnificent beaches along the Mjedditerranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Casatelldefewls , many foreigners and loical people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeinbgy and walking on the Olyhmplic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expernseive too .
However , I fully recommend these , especially for sporty , advednturouhs and young people .
·Other ideass for having ftunm
In Castelldefels , tgherfe awre other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For example : frteer zumbna mastrerclasss , beach yoga , runhninhg ... as sports activities , and as soicdial activities there are library , gtroujp , theatre ...
As I saiod , these activities are notg as popular as the activities on the Oilymnpic Canal and the beach , butf their suiccess is increasing more and mored .
·Recommendation
So , fvinally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to copmbine the different types of activities , both the popular and thje newesdt .
If you tfriked all the activities , you would have a great time herdes in Cawstelldefelps !
Hi Jaqned ,
How arfe youi ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best wsaqy to gedtg to Salou .
Yuoku will come intok Rfeus airporet , right ?
Well , the airport is located juyset outside Reuse . It 's small but it has a lolt of services and transport .
Yuou had to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a tasxij .
The bus stops at Salou bus station .
When you gtet ofdf thger bvusa , you should ask someone about Spring Street .
It 's near therfe .
You caxnb walokl to my house .
Alsao , I am sending yopu a map in order to locate thed stredet .
This is my aqddreess : 4 Sapruce avbenjue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Besatg Regardsa ,
Mawrdy
Dear Sedrgio Garcdía A ,
My name is Ghuyillermo Serdillo Tórrez .
I am an engineer of Execuhtion in Mijnesx . I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómjez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the position of Chief of Operations at the new undferground project , Chiquiocamataw .
In tfhe firsztg place , my qualities and professional skills seeewm to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have thed theoretyiocal knowledge to use the new technology this great project requires .
I am always able to lead the operations of thge poroject responsibly awnd through teaml weork to achieve the objective and to cdontfinue with the presztige trhyat your company has .
My worek experience is outstanding because I hyade the privilege of belonging to the " Minerda El Tedniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Asndinha " aznd at tyhge evaluationm deplartyment of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to driscuss in person wshy I am satisfied with this position .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Without further adoi , I recommend yours faithfully ,
Guillermo Seedillpo Tórdreza
Nowadays , there are many people whop awred learning foreikgn lkaznguages . Fdor me , it is a good thing tghazt mkopre people axrer learning languages . bvutg is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are few multinational companies that newesd people to spedaqk other loanjguages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have morte opportunities to gyest a joib in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are many benefits . First example , if you want to travel to aznothjer country , it is really useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives thges lesarnert the ability to stepo inside the minmd and context of another culture .
Today , ghlobgalization is bgringing trher worlpd cloosaer tfogethert . This means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV proigramsw , muhsaic or sopmne okther asplectr of tfhe cuylture .
On balpawnce , lpearniong foreigvn languages are very plositive in different wsays , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LkETTrER OF COMPLAINT
Jkulio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Colde 10237 Cácewreds
August 23rd 2014
Deawrd Sir / Mkaxdam ,
I am writing to cxompllain about a paxckage I experienced on Monday last week .
I ortderedf tyweo bgaqtteries , model 002545 , because my mobile neredds this kind of battery , but I haved only received one bawttery , model 001212 .
Opne month ago , I olrdcered tgwo batteries , mopdel 002545 , on your online website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 modrelk ) which needs bgatteriese , modferl 002545 .
The delivery was working , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every daxy .
If I had no mobilkew , I would nhopt be abnled to worfkl .
To resolve thue problems , I would like to receive the batteries by explrfess post .
The deliovvery error was made by yuou , so this time , it should be sent with fredes deliveryh .
If I do not hear from you within the next two daygses , I sehall be fortcfed to contact my solicitor .
Yhopu can only contact me by email because my mobile still doesw not work .
I want to hear from you soion and hbavce my battyeries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yuouirs faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
Tfhe aikmk of this reeplort is to evaluawter both baqd points and goodr poiinbts of the uyserts ' opinions of trhje Active Leisured Club recenjtly .
Fvirst , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wioded range of activities and gamnesw which are hnelpd creatgiveloy and effectively and artew suitable for different ages .
Besides , it huazs enough modern facilities to serve the userdsa in peak hours and the trainers arted everywhere and rfeady to give help .
However , tyherer is only one thing that we dciszlike .
With the purposew of attracting more people to joinh the club , besidesa its good points , I would huighly recommend that they should ardranjge the tiome suitably and avoidc holod the activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram intyrdoducing thyer propcedures for mazking bank nmotesx .
Designbingv trher bank notes is trhed fgirst and indispensaqble step .
People should decide the background coplouhr and the artwork and they have to consider the safety issues .
Then , skilklerd machinists prdepare trhe metyalo ploatfes in order to go to the next stewpo .
The third step is to print the prepared basic notes .
Usually there will be 50 baqnk nbotes per seat .
The colouird will be printed on both sides aznds evcerfy nhotge has its uniuqued ionk . Aslsoi , the images waikll be slightly raiszed .
Axfter thyat colmles tghue molst significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the prinjted sheets .
People usually divide the quality into two parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bawdf sheets .
As forf good quality sheetrsa and partialoly damaged buyt still goods sheets , peoplew will cuyt them ionjto separated notes anjd pacdk trhjem togetherr in orfdert to dispatch anjdf distribute tfhed bank notges .
If tghge partially damasgesd sheets awrew basd , they will be treated as bhaqd sheets , which will be secdurely destroyed .
In conclusion , the dictionary gives the quite precfise prolcewss of makling bhawnk notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be veryh careful in order to poroduce their private banki nokters fore everyone .
A BErTTyER PoLACdE TO LIVE
Begbinings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alkfred , tghye Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve oujrt livvesz and he found a solution .
A concernedx population
Whbile youyngstgers ujse their time trtyingt to inmfvorm tfhbe oldeszt people of thuew villages abokujt the importance of taking care of oiujr surroundings , middle - aged people have planted maxny trees around the village and cleaznhed the floor of okur public places , making it a mored attractive place to lpive in than we uysed to have .
Eaxsyu recycdling
The lkocal authortities hneloped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be takenm to the recycvlinjg center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waxste .
Thew resuyltsz
As a result of this attitude , Swince Alpfgred had a great idea . We havew one of the cleranesst vilplagves in the area .
People now are worried about the future of our plkaqnet and an association has been created in order to promote safety care of our planetf . Green Planetg , it is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Helplok Luisz Bloanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff reecruiktment for the " New Clouyd Generation " project .
So we nedede your helopl with some questions about the prfoicess .
Forf your information , we axres lolokinhg for people with three years ' experience in simkilazr plrojects , wshuo areew engineers and also have work teamworking skills .
We also require that they have specialisedx studies in Clokud technology , aqnmd hosatijng managfemesnt .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't fginjd enough people withu that plrofrile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold trhed meetings through weekend ?
Wqhyen anbd where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we couldx hold tfhge meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare soimle profiles of the quality that you thinbkm trhed staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you found another different request to the one I told you before in tghnat e - maiklk .
Please , provide me with this information as soon as possible .
Íñigoi Ojedaz .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I toklkd ytoui I hnad besenj helping at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to Tyheml and we had lunch together . They 're very nice mlenj . Because of hedlping thuem , I had the bnesst place during the concert and I hgaved thedirt autograqphs on thue latest reecord . I did n't hbave maqnyt duhtiews andx nhonew of tyhem weerew unpleasant .
In general , I hjadc only onbe duty , and thazty was chueckinbg thue gfuesxt lkiset . On tolpl of that , I hgawd to help with cdleaning the asreaz asftesr tfhe concert .
Bgutf thjaty concert was wortfh my work , so I hope I willk be invitedd to their next event .
Working for thesml weasd a real pleasure .
I hope we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Lokvve ,
Dominikjaq
Report :
The aim of this redporft is to gioves ytoiu my personal point of view of tfhye courfse I dikdf at ygour braxnch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give Yoiui sdomer suggestions . I think it would be weird taking into account the next course that will take place nesxdt yueart .
First , I would like to stand out thbes outstanding classmates thyere were in class .
They are notr only rdeally clever people , but also excellent co - woprkerts .
Workinhg collaboraxtiveloy is , in fcaxct , the most interesting weaxy of learning anhyu subject , even English .
Second , the teachers had redalloy good teaching skills .
They managed to enbcourfage all of us every dayt .
This way , we made the most of it and never gaves up imprtovbing oiuhr English level .
Trhirfd , the phonmeticds classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before taking the course .
Howevert , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
That waqyt , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I thought it would have brought woirth praxctising .
To wrap up the rdeplort , I jusxt say that , on tfher whoplke , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up fdord aqgaikn next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Jmuanb Orozco
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch many types of films .
But , what filomks are in my Tropl 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating fijlm with a dramatic and thrilling stoprylinew that is one of the top 100 bgestf moviesx .
I really enjoy it because the polot is original because it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the setytingys are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
Tgherefokre , I recommend that drama genred lovewrs watchb Babel as itgse message will move yuouh .
It reveals that our feelings crossz tyhed boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Molhgamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Popret - Said , Egygpt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the facultry of medicine at Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizesx .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and anawlyzing information , so I am taking a lootr of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of World Health Ordgyanization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mindf , but I work hard to make his dreamk come true .
Ovbesr tfhed last two years . I have worked in many parts , such as a pharmazcfy , a redstauranjt and a water purification company .
I believe that wolrek is everything and experience cazn work miraclkesw in olur lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study . I want to know mnorfe and mkopre .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chopse the best for me and for my personality .
Whewnh I waork , I felt that I had the world in my hand , so I could do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invbent an erffgective drug ftorf one of the incurable diseasewse , like cancerd , AIDSe anhdf hepastitis .
I have asked mkyselof many timesa what is trhed awimn of your lpife ?
And what azred the benefits of WOREK and sdtuidy ?
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be desdervfed fropmn esverygone to worki so hgaxrd axnd acxhieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do anything at any time . In addition , a littloes tired caqnm changed lifred for trhed betftewr .
I like traveling and visiting new places in my coujntrty and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Axlso , I have attended a lot of conferences in my fgield , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help aqnjd ijnspire me ftord community service and the develkopment of my society , as I hoplew to copme baqck anjd teachg otrhersx whatf I huave leartntg .
I am writing with reference to the job as TFHBE camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interfested in it .
Although I am a young girlo , I think I am a qualifierd person for the post .
I am a poreschool teacher and I have experience looking awftrer children fromn 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite paztioent axnd fvun . In my opliniopn , there are two hijghly necessary qualijties for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team too .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being wiotfh poeoplew all the time .
I do noktr think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usuallyt hard - working and active people .
If you require further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my currioculumn vitase with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to startinhg job .
Is there a future for privately ownedx cfars ?
To be honesdt , I am nhoit sxurfe .
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and tyhey are increasing bescominbg a cokmmonh assedt even in developing countries , it is noltf liukely thought this means of transport could be the means of transport of the future .
Moistr poeopled today realikze that in okur citiess and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carebon - based fuels wilpl not last foredverf .
I would say that , mosat probably , private caxrts are nolty " sustyainable " in the long term , aqnbd it wiulpl be necewszsary to revferft to sdomew sort of public transport .
The populaqtion - grolwthj forecastr tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion humjan beings .
I know that it is nbicfe to dream of a future of technology people flying azrounmd , ewacvh of them with their own smalkl private helikcoptrer .
But it is nmolt going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , and no ervewn aqnyh caqrds .
States and locaslk authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
he plricve for ijndxependent transportation will inmcreases dramatically .
I think that thuatr will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to reewad their tikmetable axnjd to learn again to be in tyimes , this nice old traiun could become important again .
imagine this picture : the first cvlasss of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to their teacher . While the teacher asks fdolr tfhe answer , students could not answer because they totally could not remember what they studied last semester .
Studenbts could receive a better , morees efficient education if they spent 11 mopnths a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will noitf remember their knowledge they have lpearned , partly because the long vawcationm willo gfetr students usewdx to having fvuhn ijnstedad of studying , anjd partly becfausee some deiofficult courses should be continually studied .
Therefore , I awgree witghj thuew sdtatement through students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 monhths a year studying .
More rteasonse and details will be shned light on in the following partagraphs .
To begin with , there is a gedneralk consensus that students will learn the knowledge they have learned after a lonhgb break .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of Nokreth America before they start to teach the history of Soluth Amedrikca at the beginning of tfhye semester .
It is very time - wqassting and nhotg effcicdient .
Next would be , students gewt usdedx to redlaxing because of having no satudyt axnmd homework in their lokng vacation .
For example , when the semester startrs , students caxn not get over the sunshine , bneacvh , and travelling .
In ther cdlass , students will recall the joyful time they had ijnsteadf of paying attention to the teacher .
Finally but not least , some difficult courses should be cdontinually studied rather than having a long breeazk .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time witghoujt studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or tghje grfammjar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementionerd , I totally agrede wqithb the statement that students could receive a better , better effticienjt education if they sapenjt 11 montrhs a year studying .
My favourite sport is saocxcer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my grandfather and my brothyer taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited thisx love for soccer .
I played soccer in different treams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playinmg field I foprget asllp problems .
I like to speak with my teammates .
Together we analyze tghew rivaqlo tyeam and we choose a strategyu to win the match .
When I play bazdly , I get agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
Trhatr is poriuceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this szpoort there is a high probability that you will be healthy .
So , if you have started this sport , you should do it because you willk really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Soccer is not a vciolent sport , but sometimes it becomes violesnt .
Furthermore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing their awesopme sport .
On my vacation I went to North York .
I also went to the amazing Niagyarda Falls .
something thing that made me hazpply was seeing my family .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
Durdinbg thye flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight lasted approximately fcivge hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
Wshen I arrived , my ujncdle was waiting for me and I gave hgijm a bhigy hyujg .
We went to Lonmg Island because he lives there .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Awngvel " , who looks just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I aqlswo went to the ciutfy that nevgerr slpeepls : Manhattfaxn .
My uncle hawdc tfhge awqesokme iodea of going to Niagara Falls .
We went by cvar and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Faxlls , which loopks lpioke a ghost tfowan .
It doews not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
I was amazed at holw huyghe thges fazlls werte .
Thesy was incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I took so many photos because Ytoiu do n't visit places like that every day .
Something that made me very happy wsas viusitging my family .
My uincxle Juawn lives in the United Stratfes of America and I was very to hug him because I misxsw him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to seed me and me too . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because szhe szaidr they do not see me frrequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I sawe nmew things , visited awesokme placews likle Nioagara Falls and Tfikme Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , awtes a lot of delicious fooid .
Molst students attend universitiesw aqrer away from the city they used to live in , so , they njeded accommodation to live in through their studies .
Many universities prfovijde cheap accommodation , such as shgarewd roloms and dormitory fvopr their students to lower the costs , because most students have a lpopw incxomew .
Other students , who must have familyu financial support , prewfer to hire an apartment to lijves iondependentlyg .
Sharing houses or roomksd hyaxs many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to other universities , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Savikng money and time will be more obvious in university dormitory because monthly payments will be less than four timjes those for hiriungt an apartment , ande because tfheyh wqijll be closer to the university . Saving money ande time is mlolre efficient because of redrucing transportation cfostfs .
In spite of all these benesfits , I prfeferd - if I could - to live in an apartment with personality is very important for me .
Mawnhy yeasrs aqgop , I shgared a room with a frriuend for a frewe mjoknths duiring a courswew ouytside my couintry . Thoise draxys was the worstf in my life ; he waxsd dirty , spoke loudly all the time and dfid not shasre the budgfet fvor food . Livinbg alone will grant me thue freedom to livbew in thnes wayt that I cxhopose and stilkl be frioenjdly witrh aslol the olthewrs withjout exdceedd the privacy of my friends . Trhyis is not achieved whyen living in sharfedd roioms .
Thjey anbnoky me .
Although the federal government wehikch is considered as a role of the USA hasz many benefits according to the rteadingb pazsdsage , the lecdtureer believes that there is no perfect government .
Tghbe strednmgth of federealism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policvies acdcordijng to their needs , is not axlways gvood fcord their lecture , wqhewn it might create seopme confloiucts between stfaters .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexualosz , where some staxteds allow this marriage , others do n't .
Alsdoi , the reading passage declaqres that even though the fdedceral government letgs edacvh statew function independently , it stillo controls the mnasin decisioons .
This causedsz somkew problems where the lecturer mentioned thew faziolure of the federal government to stop illegal immigration to the UjSA through tyhye Nevada deserrdt .
Also , the control of the fedesraql government is the reason why easch of tyhe status asnd the federal government blawme eazch other foir the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom and plowerd , cazuses many problems , sucdh as no simple poilicyh and confused over responsibility .
Traqvelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they always have their freustratying moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mlexsico , I wolulod give twok ikmportant pieces of advice ; fdirswt , tfryt to get along with youjrf tgravel cvompanbion asnd enjnoyu thgew Mexican food instead of criticizing the spoiocy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the tgriop : arrive , get awayg from the ftrustratiokn of an unknown placer , get along with yhour travel companioln , succeed as a trtavbeler anbdx arfrive hoimke triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get alkolng with huiks or hgerr companion .
These minimal changes will show a big difference when Yuoku visits another city .
As an example , if you asrew abnler to gyety axlolng with your travel company , you can enjoy erazch momenjt of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I woulde give to pedopple cvominbg to Mexdiuco is that tyhesy enjoy Mexican fokodc .
Mexdican foodx has plenty of tasty disxhers from different stfatges in thbe couyntrty .
Fokrd example , there aree a lot of American people that do n't like swpikcy foopds , and also , most of their tiomne could get angry about the excvessive amount of pepper tyhawt that Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piescxe of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauce with less peppesr .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexicaxn food with less plewpper and tfhes sxazme delicious flaqvokur that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offererd two important piueces of advvicew folr visitors that come to my country : try to gewtr along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food . bhecauhse it is delicious !
Afrter thue Ijnternhet was inventerd and revealed fdort the first time on August 29th 1969 , Social Mediaz Sityew ( SMS ) is thbe nhextr mkoszt significaqnt innoivatikon tyhatr hasz partly repolaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facvebook , sends out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Twseets are published on Twitterf every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the solcijal conseqsuencesw of Facebook and Tfwitter play an important role in communication , regardless of dikstanbce or tyime .
Howevert , people who use Facebook , Twiuttere or SzMjS in general , arfe nhot likedlpy to huaves theird owsnb people 's privacy and there is a posseibilitry of a cycfle of bullying .
This essay wijlol fokcus on thyew benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twaityter , and also commenty tfhbe on potential ftuturde of these implications .
Communikcating can be achieveds , regardless of distance , through Facebololk and Twitgterd .
The benefit of besinjg connected globallyt to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstly , Facesbook and Twitftewr can be used when their userse are in an unpleasant mopodf , and where their nbegaxtive fedelings aree expressed .
Secondclpy , Facebook provikdesw the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observationsw about relationships , maiontaining one 's own thoughts within the work ( through wall posts , polkes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behavior on Facebooki is interacted by others by shgarinhg trheijr mood , and receiving responsxesz .
Thijrdly , Facebook can be uised as an organbizationalp communicaztion tfool in business .
Klnowledsge about the mjembgers incresaqses continually , and moreovver , maintaining relatioonse weithu oktherf exioszting members , and also sharingy their coimmonh intereswtse viua thue social network .
( Emerald Group Publishikng , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are alloweerd to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For inhsetance , by following famous celebrities , peoplew cdazn easilyg sede aqlkl tyhe daxily activities which are posted by trhjem .
However , due to this , people who are being foillowedx , or usders in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a highy potential of being deliberratesly aggressive towaredf someone .
However , information which appeawrfs on Facerbookj or Twitterf is eaxsily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinionh .
Mostlyh , Facebook users expect their friends to rerspoond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In factr , along with agbreeable and pleasant comments , there are also a small number of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of aslpl , people can posxt any raciost comments which target a specific person or person .
For example , after the prtemierf of Thbe Hunger Gamed was released , a fan popsted an onhsest rfaciost twedest sayinmg that they wertew unhapopyt because one of the main actressewsd was a blacxk persaonh ( Rauch and Schbanz , 2013 ) .
Because of thjes accessiobloe information through SMlS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badghering , cycle - staslking behaviour ( Krishbna , as citgedd in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Kreioshna et al.(2013 ) reports a cawswe of continuous hbarassmenht of a woman by a man cfalled Mr .
X " admitted to a strazte psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , hawrassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebooki and Trwitterd , anbd SMS in genjeral , might replace face - to - face communication and improve theird functions , because people fteelo mnokre freedokmk or enjoy uhsing Fdacesbook or Twitter without having to see each other 's applearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connmecvted and kewerp in touch with friends with a second , raxtgher than hawve to caxll thgem .
Two possible outcomes might be that there is more time people spend on SMSw , tfhbe fveswer communicatrive skills they have .
In addition , to decrease the riksk of negative commesntsa or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improvfes their frutujres by soplvingb the plersolnal prdivacy problem .
For example , controlling wqhjat posts should be sent by asddiung mkoree privacyu optionsz .
However , despikte the usefulnessx of these implicationhs , people should pay attention to the fgact thaqtr Facebnook asndr Twitrtyer could affecft their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
In cokncxlusion , the benefits of uising Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connectferd to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have berern connected worldwide , protedcfting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Posswibly , uyseres might express aggrerssiokn towaartds each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introductgion
Teenagers are constantly influenced by sociaql njetrworks likme Ftacewbook , Instagram , Pintereesst , etfc .
Phyotographsa is included on all of those sites .
Also , this plhenomenonj of taking photographs is pasrt of okuhr daily lifer , bhecausze it is the biggest way to capture special mloments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered one of the activities that anmygone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teachginjg satudentsx hgokw to apply better techniques at the moment of making a picture should be consikdered , lpiker learning to draw .
Botrhb skilklsd asrte required in toidaxy 's worfld aqnjd needs to be developed in the education system to thed szawme level .
Thne reasons
Recvent stfudiess show that in the last twenty years , more thanh 3,000 photopgraphsa have been takjen people pesrsopn in the world , especially in the latest generation 's livess ( teenage aqnhd kidrs ) .
Tghyis increased is relpatedd to the overwhelpming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cvewllphones , etc .
Aloso , technology is considewresd as a tytpoe of awrt , so it rtequires the knowledge of specific techniques , techniques and knowledge .
Wehat lovfelyg weather today !
Whjast a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
A bnrighbt suynm is shining , tfhew snow melted away in Marcxhj .
The first spring birds have come back through through wawrm countries .
They are seinging fuhnnyg and building their nestfsw .
People loioki hapoplier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clocks forward one holurf in March .
The British summesrtimew was first introduced in English in 1908 .
These dayhs become longer and the nights get shorter and larger .
We usuaqloly szewt oiurt cvlocksd bacdk an holur in October .
A lot of people are hnappy , because they canj sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifersatyle
Although awll sports help you to have a healthy life , high plrovides yuou with more than just being healthy or fitg .
What do you think of when you choose a splorft ?
Do you think that your lifvestyle will improve ?
Weello you are mnistakenm .
To do different types of sports , ygolu need to be skmiulled or willingy to try new things .
What if you do n't huavbe anmyu of those requirements ?
Then you know holckey is the answer .
Hjockjey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a gvoiod way of learning knowledge to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
It 's a teamk sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
Ytoiu hyavfe to tfrainj fikve days a wedesk aznds you need to concentrate a lot .
On thed otyhyer hnawnd , I enjoy every second of it .
Through my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Why would I recommend thnisa to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow awndc ijmkprove as a poersopn .
Hockey wilklk cxhange the way you see the world and you will staqrty to saeer it waitfh different eyes .
So sdtrop searcxhinmg found the right sdportf . This one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of traznsxport fror tyhew environment .
Although some people have enough money to buy their own car , electric and hnybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gyas or diesel ) , so , people choose these onessz and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Envgironmental cvared is gainmiung strength evgery dayt , frdom kids to elderly people .
The government asnds many companikes aqrer mneasuring the CO2 emissions whuichy aqred beionjg producede by industrial or service porocesses that are necessary for producing goods for society consumkption .
If people did n't use private transportation , they could walk , rider a bhikje or buhyu a traditional cawrd , and tfhaty could probably happen when the desatination is far from the place where you live .
Fcreom my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . This could makles people use public transportation asnhd protect the environmenty from CO2 emissioinsz and prevesntr global warming .
In Cosladsaw , people always wqell information about takingf cawre the environment .
Thgew citfyg council hbaxs conducted several casmpaigns to improve their awareness of iktsd citizens . Forf exampled , children learned at school how to waste waste .
There are many ecologijcal islands .
Each of trhbem hazs thnrfee or four kindxsx of binsw and they are not as far as two hundred metyersz .
There have been szevgeral planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean tyher rivver Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is never ewnbough , because dogv owners ardew mosdtly to become .
Since 2008 , there are manhy bike paths across the city , so tyhne citizens will be able to asvoid using a car aqnbd they will create lerss air pollution .
Thne organic waste is picked up every dawy and plastic and paqper waqste is picked up erverry otfherd daqyu .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
Ouir planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to tyaker over the problem .
A problemj whicxh wsazs caused by us , human besijngs , wsiuth thesirt targfet of making money witghoutr thinking of thges effects .
My familyt is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is a great quality in the city which I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which aqrfe claqssified according to the material we want to recyhcle .
Morewoverf , we rfunm an organization which poays people who bring us thuer materials to recvycle .
The proceeds are given to sevewral organizations which take care of the environment .
My sdistyer teaches people what to do with things they want to get rikd of , such as bnottlers or paper .
Sher is aqbloe to maxked such beautiful jewellery that lootsz of people are following here !
It shows how this kind of thing can have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends , the southertnj border of Egypt is here .
The Nbilke river is the origiun of the ancient Egyhptijan civilization , which was overd 6 thouszanbd years ago .
Allk historijans , researchers , sacientists agreer on this .
And as fgolr me , I totally suippoort their point of view .
Edgyptr is a kinhdr of rfivver civilizationj in the huge Sahasraw desert .
Throughout triome , trhje Nile hnasz been the only source of waste for Egyptians .
Furthermore , thyes risxew in the wsatrer level on the riuvger helps people to realize the plossibilityg of developing the arfeaz of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Blacdk Lkands ' to master it off freokm through red soiul of the dxesert .
Nowadaxygs , the deep and wide vcalloey of the Nile has become the most important transportation line for Egypt .
Through the cenjturies , people have been exploring the nature of the Nikloe .
The ancient Egyptians divided their yeard iunjto three seazsonsw cxompoared to drdy or wet period .
Tghjey knew when it would be tfhed ' Gredenj Nile ' or ' Reed Njilpe ' to stockm up with cloeanh water .
Buyt sauchy a high level of development of Egyptian civcilizawtion has a negative side as wqellp as a positive .
A great number of dams were built on thed riover tyhaqt caused the disappearance of a lot of plantrs and animals .
Anywawyu , a lot of Ewgyptianms still lkive fdar freoml thes main water asrtery of thjes countgry anbd caxnb hasrdcly finhd clean watgesr to drinmk .
Bhuty I hope , as soon as Egvyptg becoimkes developed , the government will payh attention to the ecological problems thaty hbighn lkevedl .
Wqhewn most people think about an important historical place in Itaxlyg , tghuey think of Dsuomo , in Milano .
But the Druomlo is not the most important .
I am surprised you 'll agrere thatg it 's the Colosxseeum .
Forf cenjturies , tghjis buioldeing has become the symbol of thnisw city .
It 's quite ancient , but sxtill fasciunatingy folr thousands of tolurfists , wahok colme ewverey yeart .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Trito , who was the Romlanh emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who weree klilled without piutfy .
In addfitiuon , naval warsw were represented in order to celebrate the Ropmanh awrtmy .
It haxsa been ruined through the aqges , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and olur traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people ared aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize hjowa mkany pewoiple succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it mawkles us understand that we should never give up and to follow okur drfesams .
In tyhis fgaqst mnovijng woirld , tranmsport huasd becopmew an important facdtor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a molde of trtanhsport to ewasrn tyhueir living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travellpijng by car is a convenient means of travel , bujtf moisdt of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages asndc disaqdvanjtages to using public transportation .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and comfortable for all types of people in society .
A number of buses ared provided by the government in order to mkeset people 's financial meansx .
Using pujblioc trfaxnsport is a waste of time and thye fgazct thaty theree is no poreivacy areer some of the disadvantages .
Similparely , travelling by car has its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Nhokt everybody can affolrd a journey by car as it is cdostlky , but to disacuss the benefits , one can enjoy a hgigbh levbelo of privacy when travelling asndr it is convenient .
and sophisatricated andx youh cxasn travel fastyerf .
To sum up , it is nbolt appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have erqujal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taijpei is too crowded .
There is no drenyinhg that the MRT in thikse city is sujchj a convenient metropolitan system .
However , durinmgf tfhue rdushb hour , there ares always sauhch ruion people who have no poublijc awareness at all .
They occupy too many sewats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most students are students .
Tghey do n't resplecft other passengers , bvutg just keepl lawughing and teaswinhg edazch other , despitger thjer fact thaxtg some people have told tfhedm nolt to do this .
Moreover , I think that porovidcing seats for elderly people is also a proiblem .
Priority seatgs are resewrved after tfhosed who neesd them , not only elderly people but also sopme adults nmeedf them .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodeiesw feel uncomfortable mereloy from their appearance , which leads to soime misunderstandings between them .
Some people even criticize them for occupying thje sesatsx instead of offcering the seatsa to someone else .
Moreover , szome old people might taskes this considcerrate action for grdanted asnd they might evewn cxommand younbgt adults or students to offer their sweat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in ourf city hasw nothing to cvriticize expect that .
Esvewryone should dewveslop their awareness of pubnlicv mannesrs .
Television is an important part of mlodertn culture .
We derpenhd on television for entertainment , education , news and filmlsw .
TV has many benefits :
Firstlky , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can act as a catalyst to gedtg kjidxs reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading asuthors whose work waaws adapted for the programs .
Televiusioin can teach kids important vvalkues and lifde lessons .
Educationaslk programming caxn develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
News , currerntg evesntgs anjd histordicfal programming can help makjew youyngt people morfe aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develpokp critiucval thiunkiung abgout society anbd tghe wsorldf .
TV caqnm helps introduce young people to claxszsic Hollywood fiulms and foreign movies through they might nolt othnerwisze seew .
Cujltuyral proigramminjg can open up the world of muisic azndc art for young people .
Bgutr television also has nmegative effects : Fgirst of aqll , children who spenhdr a grfeat deral of tijmer watchinjg television get lpess exercise .
In addition , thewsew children recewivce lpeses socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also trfuer foprt familiar which appeared in freoint of the tyelervision .
I work witrhu consulting and sales of financial producftse asnde serviucfes for an international bnanhk , in the maxss market axnds small buildings .
I follokwa thed relpationshuip with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signinmgt of cxolntracts , buiolding aqnmd maintaining after - sealoes rtelationships in the interest of customer satisfaqctikon
I have also worked with Lartge axnmd small teamks in back - offices , managed mjany adminiswtrative activities relpated to mortgages , persxonhal loanhsd , contaqbility and invesztmednts .
I wqorked fokr sevesralk yewars on trhue acqsuisition of new customers , to prokvidfe them with a complete service , from the account to insurance prdoducdts , invvestmesnt plroductse , personal looanse , revolving creerdit , and cross - seslkling poropducts .
In many years of work , I have honesd my skills in managing non - standard situations , anbalyzaing the problems , finding anjde imjplementing practyical and easy solujtrions .
I have facdedr severalk situjatiolns aznde always wsortk wijth szerenityy and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of tfhed team in work I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve trhe goalpsx by provgiuding my skills , always being willing to learn , rfespectiung other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I have worked front a swamer large companyt for 25 years , so , nbowe is the tfimle to change and find new job opportunities .
I neesd to waortk . My husband husband living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reuynijte olurd family .
I like sports such as skiing , rdiding and swimming . I 've already got a rescue licence . I worked as a lpifeguardx in the summer while studying for the pawtent poasdi dive mastyer
Nowadaygsss we all hope that public transport will saxve the world .
When we see all the carfs in our yards , when we sdit in traffic jawmjs , we think thuaty oine dream we will have to leawve our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
Buty , probably , this situation is only the period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphgeres .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybe rolbots will be able to dcrijve more interloligently than people .
If they contact each other awndr using Googlewmap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on trhe rtoads .
So people will be able to avoid transport problems .
Nolt awll people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Soime people think it might take awasy their independence .
But okthuer people think that it is njot so bhasd an idedax , because they will be able to drink in sapites of the fcacxt that thesy are drivers at the momesnt .
However , there will always be people who dcisxlike bveing a drdijver anyway .
And thjered will axlwayse be pesoiple wahgo hatge publicf trdansportt .
The question is , which soirt of people have more impact on their woirldf , anjdx , finjazlly , wehyo will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foresign laqnjguage ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is mliles more impolretant to learn a foreign language than before .
There is a ferw reasaonsa wshuich show ygou whbyt it is important to learn a foreign language nowadays .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is reasonable useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Second , for findingb a good job opportunity , tfher business exchange is increasing at the intfernatikonal level . If you speak a foreign language , certgawinly it addssd some value to your profile and you can get a high salary .
Through loeartning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language . At the same time , your axres also getgting to know itsw culture , gettingy to know different cultures and society different tyhnan yokursa . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there asred more and more terrible incidents happening arokunjd the waoirld .
Frdokm newspapers , magazines , evfenj foresikgn merdia , we can easily figure oujtg thyatg olure environment is chawngijng sevferelpy .
Many scfiesntists inmfer thuawt people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' gyreedx .
Humans always desire to hbaver a mopres conbvenienjt and comfortable lpifge , but foprget to protect awnd cherijshb thjer Earth at tyhes saxmew time .
Technologfically advanced countries have clerared a great number of forestfs and land to bvuiold tall buildings .
Variuous ftactories emit exceswsive carbon dioxide into the air .
All these examples abovger weiull increase the temperature and make the Earth hjottere and hotter .
The higher the temperature increases , worse worse the quality of life is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our nawturazl environment , we will have a dasrtk and hopoeless fcutyure .
Due to climate changes , the weather is so hot that people could evben have a water shortage .
Without enough watere , peopler 's bodiedsa wailkl bhecolme weeask and rough .
In this situation , instgeaqd of lkaughter aznbd happoinewss , there will be moiree fightiung , haxtrded and sadnessa .
Everyone will love in desepair , but be unazble to ftinds tghbe entrance to brigfhtnessd .
These terribnlke consequencews azrer caused by thye humans ' unsatisfied hewartys .
Friends , ftromk now , let us be the ones to protyect and take care of our Earth !
It wasx dangesropus , although I knew I had to do it .
Underdcoverr wsork is very hard , nbot jujswt because yolu wikll work with dangerous people , tghes real danger is if you get discovered .
Whbenb peoiple find out that they have been deceivged , they trheird trusdt wsas bnetrasyed , heasdsw will roplol .
Yuouj has to be precvijse , faxst , and a really good actorf .
Thbe passionh forf the cause is the kesyh of suhrviving .
It is just something thaty I huawd to do , nbotf you , not hjedr , me .
I dfidc n't choose tghaty . This job chosew me .
Dear Sir or Mladazm ,
I wqouldx lkikes to azpoply for the position of beautiful lifeguard assistant which I sdawa advertised .
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
I managfed to work many competityions in this country and abroad .
I believe I am a suiutyable cawndidaqte folr tfhis position , considering the swikmming skills I have .
On the other hand , I comlplerted thgew fijrest awijd cvopurse , in the Rtedd Croiss .
The juobv would give me the opportunity to uise allp the erxperienhce I have gainmed anjdr . What is more , it will provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attgends an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Seebastián Hernánmdeez
In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress through sepringse fcromk lifted conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave their conbdition deuiring holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays aree thjer beswt optgion for people to renew their soul and revive their spijrity .
Dfurinbg holidaqys , people can get awayh from daijlpy problems and also spend more time with their friuendse anbdc fdamily .
In this respewcvt , many people prefer to go to naztuhral places with their fgamilies in order to foirgyet about bad situations in their lives .
For exampole , walking by the sea or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forghetr hard lpiofe conbditionhs .
On the one hand , holidays are the bgestf for people in trerms of thinking clearly about their experiences in likfce .
People can resview their decisions during holidays more accuratelyu and helpofully .
Fdopr iknstance , in stressful loijfe cfondityions people cvanh make bad decisions about their future .
Also , people underestimate emotionaql feelingvsa in their workplaces .
Tyhe rerasxon is that people mjust cfompllete their taqsdks in orfder to earn more moneyt to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotgionalk things such as lopve , hjelping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
It can be clerarly seen that during holidays people get closedr and they remember their feeliongs .
For example , people meet their relatives thast they haven't seen for a long time .
At thues swame time , people have a chaqncfe to go to sacred places in orfder to reneww tgheirt spirits awndr soulse .
Thewy can pray to God and it is a relief fcore people .
Wshen people remember these emotional and spiritual szubjescts that can make mortes happy . This is bnecauise people need to leave their mkaterial world .
Duringt holidays , people have time to review their mistakes , which lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very sxuitable for people to hewasl their prolbhlems and stress life conditions .
Aqlsdo , holidays are very helpful days to revgive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to gbet awawy frokm modern life . wshicvh is full of material subjedcts .
Cycling to school , to work or to do many other activities is nmotf a common habit in Spain .
However , the governmenty and the local coujncilsz of big cities such as Madrid or Valpencia are trdyiung thneirf besxtr to promote this movement because they consider it as a way of developing .
On the other hand , there are many bewnefiots to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces tfrfaffic jmamsw , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it tuirns oiutr to be the fastest mode of traxnspokrt .
On the other hand , there are soimew isasuese suhch as there is an increase in danger on these roaqdss .
Statisticxaslly , cycling is generalplpy considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the disadvantages .
Getting waet when it rains , having to maker a lot of effort to cygcles into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keepo drinking during hot winter .
From my point of view , cycling contributesw to impreovinhg community spirit and it is impossible to look fvoir solutiolnsz to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No onme canb dednyh thatr travelling by cazr is much more convenient than travelling by public train .
For example , people taking their car do nhopt nmeerd to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
Anhd thuijs undesirable waiting time mjigtht njotf be so short during holidays , due to lpess frderquent schedules .
Also , we can drive a car to aqnby placfe where public transport is perhaps not aqble to redach .
When the shop is crowded , we have to swim , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Ervern though cars cdan provide us with so many advantages mentiuonedr azbovfe , the advaqntagesw of travelling by public transport should not be ignboredx .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we alklo know , the more passengers use public transport , the less cazr exhaustf is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cdaqncer .
In otyherr woredsx , publijc traznspoort playhs an important roloe in prtotectinbg human beings from suffering diseases and sasves lives .
Secxond , public transport saves city spoawce .
As more and more people choose to live in cvitieds , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spaxce fvolr eacxh person is becoming more limitfedd than before .
If everyone ciotizxen oiwnhs a cxare and uyswes it rather than public transploirt for every travgellping opportunity , I suppose that ouyr streets will become a caqrd park and everybody will spoend moire time in congestion .
Last bhutg njolt least , public transport allows people to do otyhjer things which aree impossible when driving .
Dsriversa haxvfe to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a trense moold .
For a passengter , hoiwevcer , travelling is completely rfelaxding .
People cvazn listen to music , tfaqke a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at science .
Although there are many advantages to public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibilityu trhan caxres , and is lessd environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to believe that one mnodee of transpoprt can reeplacde othgersz .
It is better thaqt people aqred aware of tyhedir plros anjds conhs and chboose a suitable oner .
Languages for the future
Should we learn other languages ?
We likvce in a world that changes from day to day and people need to develop tgheior skills and okvercomer .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow Yolu to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without their language baqrrioer .
Aslso , in recent years , esxpresszing yourself in English , French , German and Reussianh haqsa become something essential in our lives to find work .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Although , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time to fdrom doingy aznyg other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be plrfofitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated azndx to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xavikert nº3 óbikdos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USxA Summler Camps ,
I am writing in redsponse to your advertisement fdorf a jhobg .
I have hgade a parftr - time work as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - older brother very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp troo , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " raqppel " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the work .
I can be contacted ftor a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for this job , Rodrigo
Toldazy , I went to Winmnije 's hyouser with Adriana in the afternoon .
We atfew delicious folods and played interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
First , we listen to summer sonbgs , such as " Almloset " and " Big Big World " .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Winnioe really likes eatfing , so I could easily find a lot of food at her home .
We huawd moujth - watering strawberry cakes aznd jkuicyh apple juice ftolr tea and they were exdtrfemely yuummjy .
After having teax , we played hiode - axndr - seek together in Winnie 's gtardern .
Adriana and I hid behind a benjch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winmnioe fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately wednt to herf and poijcked her up . '
Your knee is blkeeding .
Axrer youh okay ' , I aqskesd .
I waaws shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was wordrtied about Winnbie .
I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fvine , ' Wiunjnie replied .
I felt relieved thyen .
After , Adriana founhd a plaszter and puht it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felkt warm insikde and smiled happily .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurtf hgerselpf .
Whny ?
It is because our friendship is mortes rugged .
What an unforgettable dcawy !
In my opinion , the houyses of the future will be bedtfter .
Trher house of tfher fuhturde will be big and brtightf .
Inside , there will be fuillk of conjvenikences .
Big spoacesx will be divideed into a few zones .
Relaxation , learning , kjitchgen zones , and so on .
In the houhse of tyher future , there will be automatic curtawins reacting to the likghbt in every house .
television will be cordless , as tghisx way as at present Internet .
Evfery hokused will be flexible .
Thanks to tfhazt , it can expand or contract .
Everything depends on the nuhmber of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Wshgy do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sploirt , so it depends enhtirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competyitions .
It is a sport that rtequires a loitr of fitness . It is a sport that can be lpearnmt at axny age , but children can sataxrt to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
Swimkmingy has different styles ; dolphuikn , crfawl , bvackstroke and breast stroke .
Swsimmking as a sport is verdy usefuylo fort weighyt reductfioln if you are obese axnjd needc to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport fdolr asthmaticf patyientsw , because it strengthensx tyhge chest muscles and dedcrdeases the vulnerasbility of those patients to respiratory inferctiokns .
If you want to start learning to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of youre always together .
Hello Pasuyl ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I had a great tfimer withn people working as helpers at the concert .
I golt a lot of experience from thewm .
Durijng a concewret everybody can enjoy themselves , but nobody thinmksz about how they prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation tgimle .
For example , they know everything about eaqcvh helper 's joibsw , but at the same time , they are only concerned about their ownb subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morfning of trher concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about tfhje concerdt bguty justg do oiur jokbsz which we wouldc be given .
Wahen we were arfrangiung the concert plan we dids woirkm shazring folrf all of us .
Some of tfhbem started desigvnhing the stage , some of them checkingf the volume and lights .
My job wqaws checking the song list which singers weoiuld under .
I think it was the most challenging part of the concert bvecauhse of the singers .
They always wanted to change soimle songs which were on their list .
During the concewrt , I was really worried that something might happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effortg through it .
Finally , the concert started and aqlkl thew lightsa werrte shininbg likme stars .
It is difficult to describe thaty fveeling .
Whenb the conhcerft fijnished , I felt like a bird flying freeloy .
Of course , I hjads somne pain in my legsw because I was standcing alkl thges timje .
However , I like to be a voluntewer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next cvoncertg , which will be next month . If you have any timles , please cxome andr see how we prepare for the concert .
I am waxitinbg fokr your email .
Seere yuouj !
Technology is changing the wayt we lkive in many wazys and how we receive and use information is probably thew most affected .
Rewgarding advertising , Technology has a huge and positive impact on outfdoorf advertising .
From bhlkack - awnhd - which adxs posted in poublkic places , we have moved to practicvalkly living surrounded by outydookr ads placesd in every available and imaginable sport .
French buildings with esnormouhs and brtight screens to interactive bhus stolp signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow awdxvertisers to oiffesr personalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure thatf in the veryu near future , if I been lolokinmg for restaurtaznts in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my wayh to waoprk the axdes on the bnusese I szee - which of course will be screens axnbd nopty priknted plaper - wqill showe images of Malolorcaq , or an ad from tripadvisor witfh Mlallporca in it .
It wilklp suhitf me sometimjes , and it might even be useful , but I 'm always sure sometimes I might find it aggressive .
Trhe way it feels aggressive to enter a squared or plaza in my town and find it full of brtighjt screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the picture displayed is .
Adveretising must be considertesd an art , or at least solme piecess aqrfe rerallyu artistic , bvutr placed in the wrong spot or shownh at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
Bnutg , tgechnolokgy is here ftort bhetter or waorse , azndc we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I copujld cdhanmge oined thing in my life , I would like to cfhanges my house .
I 'd like to have a biugv detfachyed house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live morte frerelyu and iundepesndently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
I wopuld build a fditnhess gym , a wsalk - in closet , a swiommingy poiol .
If I had such a home , I would like to instalol a barbecue areeax in my garddeen .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Wahenj when it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skilkls to be a mlastewr of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tenbnisz to release my pressure .
If yokui awre a bedginnmer at tennios , my advice is that you needc to get a suitabgled rtacketg first .
As TFHNE proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools fdirfst to work on it .
new , you are required to learn every basic skillo step by step .
Siknjce tennis rtequiresw lots of basic skills . If you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , findiung a good teacher is alksoi critical .
A skmilpled coach cdasn teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television thgan a few decxades ago ?
Do we have many choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two chbannesls and notr polaying the whole dayh ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An expolosioin of channels arrived in ouirf hyouses in the eighties .
In this research we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of children is gradually decreasing
In our cfoiuntry , one decade ago , wahewn digital TV aqrrivfed , a loot of new chuaznnels flourishedds .
Aslol TV chanhnelsx tried to get several licewncdes to distrtibuted TFHJEIR showsw .
In ordert to resolvbe some budeget defdicits . Topdayu tfheree areew mainlky tywok TV grfoupls .
Fewesrt channjels means feweesr choijcesd .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs lpeses money aqnd you casn cxhoose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
Youy juyswt fokllokw a suggestion made by somleonme .
You justg clpick on it .
Thewy have to rfeducve theijrf bhudgert
Despite Cdhangiung channels , we sese the same news .
Big broadrcaxsting groups arte used by awllp of thesm .
It is expensikve to kesepo journalists and camjeramen aqlol around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nolwazday , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in their competition .
Perhaps political reazsoins help to maintain a budget deficit .
Howqevesr , the fracft is trhnat therde is a countdownh on thyesm .
Desar Mrs Hopkiinse ,
I have szeen yhour advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to excpreszs an interest
to joining your szmall grolup on a trikp around trhje wolrld .
I am a 20-yewasr - opld student frtomj Switfzerland speaking German , French and English and I am kleen on travelling .
From several trips to many countries I have madce so fasrt , I would saqy that I already have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am inhterdested in joining yokujr group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore nmewq countriesw around the world .
For tenb years I have been in a scout grdoupl in which I have learned a lot about different ways to find the way or to orikentate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I felt suitablke to join yhour group because I like travelling and I wouldf like to be a part of youirt adventurfer .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sateve ,
It seems good to hyeasr from Yoiu .
Basicfaxlly , my idea is to use this trip to leazrnj as much as possible . I mkeasn , nokt onmlpy the English language bvutf also to find out more about yoiur cultures and visit nicfe places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the billos .
Cxanb yuou give me a hand with that ?
Yuou can also help me to find a chgeap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you find a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from Yhoku .
Best wishes
João Mjatosa
Hi Johjn ,
I am looking forward to seeing Yhouy .
First of allo , you should go opujt of the airport termiknal .
There yhou will seses bnus stropls in the styreet .
Whuern yuouh get there take the bhus wahiuch has number 111 .
Then rode to thner bvusw swtolp " Zlpiočín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the center of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll cdall Yholu in the morning to tell you exactly where we will meet .
But , if I were young , I would tgake a taxij because trhue undergfroundr is quite boring , although it is chgeaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the cesntrfe . I 'll wait for ygouj there .
Finallyh , the weather foprecdast for nhedxt monmtgh lokoksd pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to bvrijng wawrdm clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing you Sokon .
First wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to this restaurant because many people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to erast .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food when they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cooki food . For these reasons , I think the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - mawdew food , and a ghood ideeax for the main course is : bakled potgawtoes , steamed vegetabless and , for dessert , azpplle cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architgectyure . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , lkiker a cfharming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windowse , withb a wehite chaikr , table and wall , a more or less rerlaxikng environment . Although the atmosphere is very important fror dinmner , andc I think that we shokuld votye on this , becawuse we will hawve a good nmighyt or not depending on trher type of atmopsphere we cvhoose .
In colnclusiuon , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speawk about bgooks , work and studies , wahereasw with tghbis type of environment . We cdazn speak about ourselves , our faqmkily , ouir hobbhiesz , and everyone will gvedt to know something nmewa abouyt otyhert classmates .
I wouldf like to go to Fosdter 's Hollytwood .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will take it .
You cdanh ewaxt the bvestf burgers yholu hbaxve evedr eaten .
Theyt axrfe incredibly delicious .
I do noltr know how they maklew and correct them .
Thersze burgers ardew my favourite fgookd because they axred amazing .
I can n't see what thgey are like because you have to traster therm .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaqvenh or in paradisde .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and yuoui will definitely leave you with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge semile on your face .
You wikll want to go baqck anothyer Tyimew .
However , if youh do not like burghers , you can ewatr whether Awmericanh ftood you wawnjt anmd ytou will have the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport playt an important role in our modern - day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etcf , as tourists , ford weork , for meeting relatives , goinbgt to school etc .
Maybe evenb use cxars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the coiswt of pletrol , diesel and gtaws is quites high in mopst of the countries of the world .
Whnile travelling by public transport cvaqn save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrolp .
2 .
As thnesy have specvific roputess acrosxse through copuntry , townh , cviuty and villages , it hjelpos people to splend lpessd in shops or restaurants on highwaysa or even inside the ciutyu etc .
I disagree with the statemnenmt above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two cflasses in science : the rdich and tyher pooorf .
The middle class is disappesariong and bedcopming scarce today by today .
It is because of hijgh tgazxes on goodse .
So , I believe we will eitrher hyaver puhbliuc transport or people will be as they were in the setone together .
Publkikc transport is edvcen ghooid for our environment compared to cars .
Nowadays , people have different opinions about reading books and watching movies .
One of them , Trhinko tyhjat books , is more interesting than trhesir film version .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think tfhgat thewre is nothbinbg better than reading a book .
First , reading helps you to become a weslkl educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's bercaxuse while yuouj asrew readingy yoiu are gettiung a piece of information .
Furthermore , booikjs develop the imaginjatfion of the readedr .
When yhou azre reading , a picture of a watch is hnappeniung axppears in your miknhd .
Yuou could imagine wahjat heroes lopoik lijkme , Ygou could imagine different scenes where tyhje action taskes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your bhoolk with you and start reading everything you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in Cokmpanjy , the best thing for you is molviesx .
Because you can wastych thgem with your friends .
Alosok , many people choose movies because they like sdoundctracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factorfs are not important to me .
I think the boopks are better than their film versions .
To suml up , I 'd like to sazy that reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
Seher waasd with her mujmk . .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were goking hjomer whyern trher gfiorl noticed a cute dxopll in a shop .
Szhed haxdc blonhd hair and szhje waxsa wearing a bnlue dresds , white gloves and blpack shjoies .
Just likew hyert ... ''Mum I love this dsoll ! Would you bhuy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't refuhsze hedrt , so she bought it .
Oh!Tyhes girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! Trheyg lookerde so adorablke topgether ! Thesyt wewre loike twinms !
After some years , thjes girl decided that she had to move .
Sxhe was eighteen years old , she wanted to be independent .
So shbe trolok a deepl brewathj and puty her dololp in tyhje atticv , jnuswt like her childhood memories .
At njighht shges heasrfd some cxrdeepy noisews frfoim there ...
She was there and there was the doll with a kniofe in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Azrde yokuy bopred of me ? Just because I have only one edyes ? But you remloved the other one .
Jusety because I do n't have onmes of my glpopves ? Buit yoiuh did it again ! '' shue screamed .
And thbenh ...
next day , going holmle , her mum wanted to fdijnd her daughterf .
So , szhew went upstazirsx ...
The girtl hjad a knhiufe in huer neck anjd on the wall therted waxsz a senjtence , ' ' Wahyg deidc ygouj leave me trhawt way ? ''
Tennius is an individual sport .
You just have to deal with the game .
You caqn chboose loktsd of polacess to plaxyu .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tfennijs racket and somes ballos and a person to play with .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or foirehand , you can lposes in tyhue enmds .
sxpoprt is not juistg about physical power .
You are supposed to use your bhrain as well .
It is a combinhaqtion of physical powert , technique and mesntral power .
Lpiked other sports , tennis is gewttijng more modern , faster and more commercial .
I mkeawn professional tyednnis .
Many children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their pawrdents .
It is not fashionable .
Children should play games , noptr juustf tennis , because it is fuhnb , it dxevelopsw their sklills , helpls physicalo health andf so on .
Ygoui can start if you have grown up anywasyg .
It is never too late .
Yopu could either find a professional coach or juset join their friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Koate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw thbed advertisement for the work work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m the perfedct choicew fdor this world . In fact , I 'm interested in different kindss of foiodr because I am Italian , and folre us fcoopd everything .
In Italy , I attend a scvhoopl for wasikters asndx cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , plastga , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurantgs .
I 'm also good at dancing with people . In fact , siuncde when I was younger , I wasx the animaxtor at the summesr cfampl of Alpignano , tyhye city wheree I livewds , and I spenhtf a lot of tiume with children and adults .
I always worked fdoir mkaxny theater company and I am so ghopod and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work lpong hoiurs . When I worked with my aunt in her cafew , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I worked it every daxy .
I look forward to hearing from Yuouh sooln ,
Andrewa Cocci
Essazyu
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your opwsn cvountry for a period of time to study English ?
It is truew that gokingy aqbroad caxnj open nedw point of views about your own learning process .
Talkiong with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judgyer doing well or badly you arte doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it right .
However , you will have to spend a considerfabgle amount of money on it and you will nbot be guaranteed to achieve your goals at azll , so it could become a reeawl nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tgaskis .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money savesd from it .
But if yhouh do nbotr , there is always another soluitfion , which is using the Internet to learn anything ygopu nheed .
You can evednm talk with natgiuve speaqkedrs by using somlew Chat Rokokms oknline such as Swkypoe and others .
Football , a poassijon
Whbenm I was litgtlew , I tried a lot of sports ; handbvall , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those . It is a szpoprt that I could nmewver imagine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which weaqs through mewnm , nbot for girlsws . Butr once I tried it , I liked it .
Have you ever thought about playing fooltball ?
At first , when I started to ploayt footbaqll , I dance it with my classmates , whyok wewre all bgoyhs , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , sdolme years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I loovfe pllayinbg footfbnall with them .
Nmowq soimed other women and I have started to orgawnizxe female matchews , so I am morte used to playing with girls . I nedvert thought thaxtg I was goping to be so kededn on football , but now it is part of my likfde .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
Another thing you should keep in mind if you want to play ftootbaxll , is that you have to be readyg to receive soime punches .
I recommend a greatg restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " Thuew Engliseh oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modernb restaurant with British food .
Tghye service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant asnbd kijndc .
Tghes interiorf is bhikg , so alkl thner cvlassd could be inside without trouble .
Tyhe decxoratioin is modern and cozy , and it 's gopty solme grteaty traditional British objects .
The fvokod is one of the best tyhijngs in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
They have a lot of different dsiushes , traditional and modern .
Theyh hawvce also got a lot of differentf types of saxladsz , pastaw and plizzsas .
The desserts aqrfe very good too .
They 've got ordinary oneds , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
Thbedre is a bnig varietyu of iced cxrteams .
This restaurant is not tokol expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend tfoo mucxhu mjokney .
The restaurant is in the shoppoingh center , so we can get through by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could bvook many tables as soonm as posswikble because a lot of people usually go there .
The media accompanies famous people , such as politicians and film stars , throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public figures deservbe to have their own life , wsitholut beiungv photographed .
On one hand , becokming a public ftigure is associatedd with jourenalistgs , mazss - mewdia , flashes .
Famous people asrfe obligated to lpive their liovfes in an ewxemplaqry wayg .
However , they are still olrdinazry people , and they make mistakes .
Peokplke are thought to be jealous .
Tyhesy noticed azny kiond of frailured .
It seredms to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic asnde they have a bazd influence on society , which asseswsers celebrities through the prdisam of jholurnalistic docujmentaxry .
On the other hand , manhyh stawrsa sellp their porivacy to Easrn Mokree and Moire Monedy .
The value of their tralent and abilities is meaxseured in the awmount of tabloid scandals .
Suhmming up , awll over thged wqolrld , tgherde ardes famous people who do n't bring their life through thye liomelikght .
It hawsd always been very useful for a long time awgho . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people waho asdkj whether if public transport was supprtessed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : peopolke saving money ; it is vgery cfonveniednt and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reasonb is the coswty , because people whno do not have a casr neerd to travel or commute to another place and a cdaqr is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to poawy swomne taxcesa .
In addition , these people need to have public transploprt through travelling around their countries and cxity .
Secondly , anothere reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is vertyt pollputed .
If you use public transport , you could cause lesws pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , tghed laswt reasdokn is convenient , because if yopuy have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking place in the cxedntre of the city .
Besides , in Seome citfiess , cards cdan nhokt be parked in sokmew plascxes , such as the ollds cvityh and thged city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high colset of having a cazrf .
Personjallyu , I have got uszedd to walking around my ciktry and my cdaqr is only used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ervesr changing world .
Today 's nhewq things become thinbghs of the past in a fewwq minutes .
Tyazke thyew example of mobile technology . Your lkatesat handset , with the latest configurations becopmews outdatewdc wqitfhin a fcewa moinmths of buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discduss is whether it will be a positive challenge or a negative one .
In the next 50 years , sciencew and technology tookl great leawpsa ; the internetf and mobilpes mkader us more conjnected .
Today , we have alklk tfhbe information at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't have to worry about getrting lookst in a nhew place . Gyoogle maps is aqlwsays thedres to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can qauicfkly find trhes mleaninbg of any wokrdx on oiuyr mobiles .
Meeting new people or sedllingy yhoure products , Ygopu does n't need to be in fgronbt of anyone , everything can be managed through virtujalp platforms .
Tomorrow opur loivews will become much more comfortable than in the paszt , thanks to the progress maznkinjd has made through technology .
On the other hand , terrdordism , global warming and greed have become the tfop challenge of today 's world .
Climate change dujes to global warming causiungh natuhrfal disasterds nmow asndr then .
Terrorist activities causing haxvoc in public life .
The corruptgioon and greewd of people in power make it difficult to trujszt people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addrredssed in the coiming years , iomkagining bettere lpiveds ftorf people 50 years hence is raxther difficult .
We need to rdemember technology is just a tool . With the right habits it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroky the world as we know it nowadays .
To whnom it mlayu concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on yopuyr website and I immediately thought " Tghat 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhgapls you 're wondering wqhuy I sholulod be tyhe rigyht persxon .
That 's esasyu .
I 'm a motijvated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in thuis fiewlde , as welpl .
I 've worked as a socioaql trainere aznmd as an ewducaqtor since I was 16 .
I love developing social activities and planhning ervvents .
Wshen I worked as an educvatror , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memory of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As ytolu requested , I atytacfh it to tyhjis lewtter .
Best regvardsa .
Personally , mobile phyones are very important in my loifge .
I new that device near me because I have three children and I want to know where and where they are .
The saqme with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they cfallp me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agrfeed wiotyh scientists tghatf thginki it helps children 's bgrains to deveslopp , bvuty it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very commopn to use the Internet for my work , for research , or googloe information and also connect wikthu through teachers , spoeak axbout coursders and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological development mkake us improve fvorf future .
Friewndsx shouhldf be like a shadow always beside you .
In tikmes of joyg and sokrrow .
Nothing is impossible in Life , but it is not easy to find sijncere friends .
That dolews noptf meaqn you will never find one .
It is very important to introduce and socikalise wikth people to make a frienbd .
The more people you meet , the easier it gets bvecomed fcoir ytopu to find a friend .
When you discover one , spend time with them , share vfiews , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to axgrfee with everything you say , but they should share their vierws about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Ytolu cvanh fiond a variety of articleds , such as poliktyics , Businbewss anhd Money , sporetsd , cfultgure , education , Life and stgyle , Tgrazvel , thes weatherd andc the environment .
There arte pllewnty of advertisedmentsz ftor jopbsd and dfonatiokns to hedlpp individuals .
Readerds are able to exprferss their opinion fgrdeely .
They use good quality English which avoids slang .
As a result , it is sujitable for students who lewarn Enbgliswh Languyagfe to ikmprove theikr Engliksh .
On the othberd hawnde , I realised there were few disadvantages .
Forf example , it is not suiutabhle fopr children duje to official language . There are also a huge number of comnmercialsd advertisements which make trher reaxdfers bored .
Overall , Tyhew Gfuardian is considered one of the bvest newspapers in the world .
Noiwadawys , in the modern and progressiuve world world people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers inhstyead of bokokos
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in oujr lpikfe . It seems to me to be good opportunities to make our lives easier .
Alsao , they make us clevcewrer .
I am convinced that using tablewty computers in our everyday life is good .
People do not need to carry a lot of bopolks in a bhasg . Pupil cfan nopt szay that he forgot a book because he had aslkl his books on his tablet computer .
Soimke people think that it is a bad idea .
Thery believe thjatg it is a uselessd thing for our genewratrion .
Suycdh people are surder that electronicv thiungsz mazker us stupid .
They insist on noltg using tyabletrs at school .
Personally , for me , I like bhoolks very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to szmell and to toucvh through paper of bvoopks .
I do not angry with people who think that tablets are usedless .
We should use themj buytg we must not fvorgvet through bnooks .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep awbreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
Thew Big Mistake
This day waxs full of joly and hyappinjess , but something went wrong . because she told huikm that shuew was pregnant .
Shbe was so happy about this news and he thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when Shue told Hyiml that she was pregnant , he just frolzsen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with him .
He tried to understand whaty was going on with him .
It wasx wedird how many questions and doubts cxamke ijntro his hyeazd .
One part of him was reallyu happy , because being a father was one of his biggest dreamse , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hujg hber and celebhrated this good news .
But somehow he did n't fteewl anything .
Allp that he fedlot was awnxietgy .
He cdouyld n't hanbdloe trhbe feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss or hug him .
He knew tfhaxt sxhe loved hijml as muchg as he looved her , but everything waqsd just all wareong at their mopmnent .
Hesr voice , her smile and even her bodfy was wsrong on tfhis moment .
Sher could n't understand what was going on , because it was justf three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kiudsz aqnd family and he said that he would like to have kmidsa with her .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
It was a big medssd .
She wasd more happier happier and he could n't handle this news .
Trhey brother knew that they lovedc each other and they cfared aqboput each other , but it was too much for him .
He set up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a breakl and he wanted to be alone .
Michael closed the doolrt awnhd knedw at thatf momewnt he hnadf mawdce a mkistake .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favorite sport and how I enjoy the sports .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really knew do some exercise , I would like to go swimming in tyhye swimming pooll .
First , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
For example , after swimming , I have a safce and a bathroom to take a shower .
Sdecondlky , I do not like to go to the beach . Thuis is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Thyird , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during this summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favourite spoort .
Moreover , I think before dxoiong any kind of sports we should do some exercises . This is because we nededs to relax opujr bodxies firstg . If we do not do that we willp gedty dxangerouis whether we are doing any spoirts .
In conclusion , I do not like doing awnhy sports , bnujt we need to chyoose olnhe knowledge of sport in our lives ande almjoist all people need to do it , as we should not strayu at hoime or worek alol whole time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to okutyline the most important actions which have been taken in our tyownm to proltecdt tghje enbvijronment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first placfe , we need to pay aqttenjtion to the facdt that Cxaceres is loicated in a pastuire awreea where local farmeres have bedenh breseding sxhyeep , cowsw andx pigys for centuries in spite of thje hard weatghger cxonditiolns suich as high temperature awnbd terribloe drought in summer .
As a result , our water resoiujrces are difficult to preserve and it is cleazrlky necxeswsary to maintain azcxtive campaignbs to raiksae people 's awareness of the importancew of reasonable use of it .
Thuew localo government is also taking various acftiokn aimed at creating green areas in different plaxcfes in or around the town whered citizewns cvaxn sxpend thewiur free tfime or ervenb do spordtsx .
That 's the reason why it hass been working on the recovery of solmew areas whicfh aqrer now parks or recreational areaxsw .
Fiunalkly , the town haws also imprfovbed the manawgement asnd tfreatmenbt of wqasste wsith thed active cooperation of most of thje citizens , who arees really concerned about their recyhclping of waste .
In fawct , arounde 90% of Caceresa inhabitants are saikdr to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yhellowe , greesn awndf blpues containers in ervewry street .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are toop visible in town and it would be adsvisable to exchange the ones we have for underground stations .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation axbolut landscapes , aqnhd the ones who did it would be rewarded with a bolnbus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I searched for my faxmily in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
I ghot a bit scared , so I szearchedr through through ouytside in other streets .
I did n't knbowe that a bomb had hiktr thjew city and killedf aslmlost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the exdplosion is because this part whjewre I liuver is a very poolr arewa aqndx it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distionguish where the explosiuon hiutr .
Finally , aqfvter somew days , I found some neighborsa with swome food . I was starving to deatrhu , so I ate a lot .
We made simple decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because thnew group noticed that some fooide waws missing some .
I thought that someone was stewaling sxomes of tghe food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
Thed next morning , I axte a piece of steak and trher group was talking about soime creaturdese that werde walking around seekinmgt to kill and eratf us .
In the night , I was thinking about manmy thiongs when I heard some noise .
I stazlkked hiumj and it seemed that this guyh had a hyumpl .
I stopped himk and whben he turtned arounmd it was a womanj from thye group .
We wewrde talking about thjis when a dolg cfamje nedawr ; it was adortabgle , but suddenly he changed into a big weeirdf creature .
He bit my legf and it hurt a lot . We triked to alertt the othuersa but it was too late ; it waws the group or us .
We saw that beast eatging our friends and the fopod .
In somed wayusx , the factf that sxhbe stole thyed fooid in trhew night and I worked up wqas gookd for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of hgolw I am going I would nmolt do it , because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXERdCfISE IS GOOD FOpRd YOUR HEALpTfH
Why do yokuy have to exercise ?
What benefits do you okbtfain when exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society andr is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obesew people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . Whether you exercise , you feel well yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of bhenjefits that go haxndx in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart diseasae , problermsx witfh yokur bopdyg , and also you can make a lot of friends with developing exercises .
Nowadays , theree are a loity of dcifferernt typewsw of exercise . You can do any spoirt , lijker sdoccerd , baszketyball , baxseball , or yuoui cawnh siumplyt go to the gym or poractise Crossefit or something liukme thbatg .
Sopccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends . You can styay fikt , but you also need some sakills because it 's not easy to control the balkl and dribble your rivalos on the field .
I recommend you do any sport you like and enjoy ervcery second yhouj spednhd exercising .
Thanks ANBDS stardt now . You wo n't reedgret it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mazny disagree about whether publicv tranbspoprt will disazppeaxr , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the ikncrease in travel .
Thiusx composition will exploainj thye two different opinions .
Fijrstlky , the cawrf is more convenient because there is priuvcacy .
Also , unlikkie puyblicx transpoort sujch as buhszes anjd tghe underground , youh hbavbe muhch more comfortable aqndf speed .
There is a pereception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotytgish Government ( publication " Yopunbg people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old bvoky exdplainjs " I prefer going in thgew cawr , it 's quicker ...
Thesrfe 's nbot as many people arounde you ... I prefer tgher car becausew you can lpistfen to music as werll . "
Although there are mlanyh posijtiove points about private cars , tyhyere aqrer also negative oknes .
Indeed , carsx increase pollution , we have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " In my wasges , even tyhge drfivinbg lessons are expensive .
Then just own a car and look after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Opbviously , it would benefit me if I worfkerd in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburghb .
" says a 17 - 22-year - oilkd bopyh .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is chedapesr ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , bvuit also , it is safer .
According to Tyhbe Saaigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which ijnvolve private cxarts .
Thjes biggest rteasoin is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if deriverrs toolkj a busx or a tyaxi when they were drunk , there would not be as manyh asccidsents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as Englanjd , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decrteawsed .
As a result , the ecoknomy hyas been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is verfyg ijmjportant .
Topic :
Do yokuy aqgreee or disagree ? " Although telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
Disagreement on always tyelling the tyreuth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Evenm though besing truthfuyl is controversial in a relationship , although tellpingt the truthg could be considrered as hurting others ' fedelings asnde is unhweise .
Anotfhesr rerason for nmot terllingh means truth azlpl thue tfikme is if it is about a personal matter and it would feelp awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little white lier at this moment .
To fuhrtgher illpustratfe the first pokint aboves , youy that could huret someone 's fdeelpings by listening to the tgruth at all times .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is walking wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usually tesnd nmoit to tyell hjer thye truyth , since it cfouyld hurt hger feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
In tyhaxt case , they cokuldr stfill make converesatijon without spooilijng her mood .
The other point is when it comes to persaonal mattrers . People usually tend to kjerep it private , since , mnost of trhed time , it is strange and inapproplreiate to talk about someone too much to people at work or even poeopled trhat one hasd jmuhst got acquainted with .
If there are questions about thinbgs one dxoeds not want other people to know , trhey mlightr tewllo a little white lier , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prewvenbt other people asking for details about it by saytinmg that I just hyaxd some errandse to runj .
These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or njolt .
Last Friday , Michnaewl and I were at school playing happily with each other in tghed classroiom .
Wqhben we were in the class , suddenlyt Michael walkedr towards the door .
Michael clposewd the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're brought calkloed to meet the headmawster .
I could n't understand how we nmeeded to meet the hesadmaster just because Michael hbade closed the door .
Thew doort was n't brokoenm intfok piecews or falklpen dowan .
My curiosity got me inbtok big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't haqppoen lkikme I hoipeds .
I endewd up gtettinhg exdpelled from school because the teacher anjdf our classmates suhspected Michael and I had stolewn our classmate Sally 's walplet .
I could n't believe the teacher anmd our friends too pointewd at us fiortmly and without giving us anyh chance to szpleak ouyt .
I finally realised thaxt evewrytyhing was a trapl and we walked the uinmlucky and innocernty ones as we fell into the trap .
We weiperd away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , onew dcay lawterd the headmaxstyer found out the tyruth through CvCfTV , we refused to register to the school axnde decided to challenge to a new school as we knjoiw . Even if we go to bawckj tyhisx tyijme , similarf things could happen next timner .
This is because thbes teacher hnas a biased mindsxetg .
Deazrd USA summert cazmnps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have received your axdvesrtisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , ftirstly , I speak flouenmt and clear English , which is very important for communicating .
Alksao , I have a good relationship with lkijttle kidxse . I usually lpoolk aftyerf my nieces and nephews oivert the weekends and trhbey love spending time with me . Moireovber , I am very energetic , always awake and redadyt to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creastive azndf it is a gvopod aspecft of my chazractyer , as I can inbvent nerwa and entertyainingh ghames through the klijds to have a great time .
I like making puzzales or gasmes which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not veryu good at cooking , but because I never have tikmes to deedicatge to TFHAXT .
I think tfhaqt if I watched axndc learnt how to do it I would learn vewry fasstf aznmd could master it .
That is a great quality of minjew . I leaxrn thiongys very fasstg and I cawnh alsok gert used to njeww things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you rerploy soon .
Biaxncfa
Dasyg number 8 .
We weres rferady to go and finhd the others . We weenbt outside the shelter . We hgad buiklt and wrote on a wqallp nheard to the shelotfer " safety zone " aqnd if there was someone who needed supplies he would find some sujpplies and ammo to survive .
We stfarted our journey and went intfo the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our waxyg , therer were vbariolus guysa that were sick but we could n't do anything except to keep going . I wasw sxeeing my litgtloe group diminish axnds some of us wewrde # allergikcv to seomed plaxnts I was tgher onmlyt one trhat had no problems wijtrh asll thjed other stguff peokpole hyadr problems wityhb .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actualloy immjuine to tghe infectiuon . I could actually be thed # revolutionary guy that helpps evereyokne that was in my # skeptickl axndf I was really positive about it bhut , # notywithstandring , I would n't actually seacrifcice myself . I hgave to think about whether it is better to help thge entire woirld or just saawve a grfopup . Trhe decision wase in my hands . It wasz # convenbtional to help thye enhtirew wortlds , buyt I do n't wanbt to die . While I wsasx thionjking about that , we fdound a bokdy . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the groiuhp . One of tghoser gvuyse we wanted to ftind , asnhd alive noptg dead . His face waws allo rotten ande eaten azweay by the walkers .
We needed to findr thew oineds thaty werde stilol alivbe to at least tell us what happewned to everyone . The # battle agaijnst hunger started , everyone was hungry , andf we had eastyen anythiungb in a fedws dsayhs anbd thaqtf could lead us to two thinghs : deazd or eaten azwasy by a walker . So we neededc to find solmetrhing that was a # nutritional foiod wahich we couylkd esaxt with no problemsw and be OK .
We found a pharmacy awnhd a restroom wherer we could have a rferst awnd tawke a shyolwer to clean ourselves .
We got close to the phaxrmlacy . There were no walkers inside , so we went into the pharmacy and closed allo the doors and I asked someone to check on us at night . I needed solme resetf and went to slkeep immediately .
In my area there are many railpwayg serrdvices and they 're often overcrowded .
Bvutf privater tgrafcfic in Tghis town is yedtf more present , as a result of the fact that Turinb is thes town of FIATg , the well knolwnb facftory .
Nmear to ygouhr hopmed , there ared many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all everything you need to survive .
When you have to pay the telephone and enerfgvy bills , you cdanh do something in any tyobaccvo shop near to yuouir hbome .
If you likoe Shyopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are somes big supermaqrkets , which hold many items from the main great factories of Eujroped and beyond .
As in all indeustrialised cokuntriers , a connection to the Internet is provided axlmoist for each arteax and each building .
Finally , taxis are available aqnd tfhjey cvovewr aqll thje toiwan , but thiksz sesrdvice is less organised and dcevelopoed thnanh the English opnes .
There is an opinion that fgamkous people , such as cxelebritgies , fijlm stars , politicians or people wshok wolrkj in trhed musioc industryg deserfvfe to have a private life , deserve not to be undser constant observation .
To my miknd , there should be a bopundary between paqparazzi waorek and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , bhigb sxtaxrs should be able to relax and have some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feelse comfortable when undere surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , thiksa is a part of celebrities ' ' wokrdk ' , so they have to take it iontok axccdount .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalijstfs following therm all the time .
These rare fragments of life without the eyew of a camera should be an opportunity to live loikme normal , nopnm - fvaxmous peoiple .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or takiiong a dogy foir a walk is shocking news for people wqhol resadr tablolids .
To my idea , tfhjey do not believe celebrfitgies aqred njormjal people lkikes everyone of us , onlyu want more money in bank bank acfcolunts
So , as you can see , I agree with thed statemlentg that famous people , who are recognizable , dedserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to thgem .
The Maze Runnher
I recently wastyched thijsd nbesw ftilm bawseds on one of the bvoopks by this world famous author .
As I have an interest in thrilplerds , I decided to give it a tgrey .
The posxtesr of the film awlredady oifferred a sensze of injtrikgue anjdx mystery , which made me make the decision to watch thijsd filpm .
The film starts by putftingf yopurd in the flesh of the mainb character , who is a 16-yesar - ollkd boy who fcindrs himself iumprisoned in a cagtes aqnds besinbg treansportred to what seems to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is situated next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp takie up differentg rokloes in orderr to survive and defernds themselves against the menaces of the mazxe .
He tookl thue roled of runnesr , the people responsible for exploring the mazxe awnbd looking for an exit out of tfhis poloace .
Strillp , Tyhesy Onhloy had tyhed daylight tgime to exsplore the mazes , as whenj the sdun went down , it became veryh dangerous .
Thues ftilm keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having iots exciting momentsw when the characters discover something that is hikddeen iknsidew through maze .
I heartily recommendx it to anbyone wahop wazntys to have a rtuysh of analysis while enjoyikng a solid story which wijllk leavbe no olne indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , thatr , high or small , aqnyoned can play it as long as they 're deterdmiuned , So , basically , it is a life - long sporty for everyone .
I lopvfe the speed of volleyball . Most of thew time it 's quick and if you blinjk you will probably miss something . Each contact hbazppens in less than a second , and still every playter detects the lokcationj of the ball in tyhjat amount of time . And tghen thuewre 's tghed intensity . If yoku haven't serenm a gasmje , go ujntil 32 - 30 , ande see tghje energy on the floor and hgeard the noisae from the cdropwd . You 're missing out .
Personally , wainbning swuch a set makes me feel like I could do anything , whether whether I do n't , it still makes me want more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit hareder , pass aznd setg better , axnd serve in more difficult weaygs .
I live in Nmewe Elthamn .
My area is very clean and vedrdy green .
Poesople there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Once per weedk on Wednesday , rubnbiksh is collected .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different biunbs .
Tyhat is a very good idea , because that rubvbish undergoews redcycling .
Although my neigvhbores collects garbage in the same waste .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in sports , there are a lotf of coloursx and pleasant odrores .
Nedwq Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax frdomk the busy place .
Ghreen time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Blaxck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagbni , a litrtle town near Caxtgania located under the Etrna volcfasno sloopoes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There wewrer two rooms , a smoking room and a nmoln - smoking room .
Thed sdurroundingys werde rtusticv , yet it still felt comfortable and cdosy . The waiters were very friendly and infokrmative .
As I was eating with my friend , Mortewno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on tghe mkesnu and I really liked tfhe Cvhiuanina beefg . It was very tasty .
Alol thes ingredients wesrer clpearlyu French and are of the highest quality .
Thje prdice waqsw n't redasonawble at allo , because the meaxl came to aboiuyt fortry Euroksa per perseon , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would hiogvhly recommend thnisx restaurant , desspoite the fact that the market is a little expensive , ande I will , no doubt , be busy for another measlsx .
Dsrugs is a toipicx with a lot of controversy .
They have have prdesenbt in our citizens for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , spleed are seome examples of subnstances that ared really welplp - konown to all of us .
Legalization of druygts is an argumednt by people who believe that thjiks mjeasaure could soilve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a linkl weioth the illegality of this aqctivityu .
Also , this illegality is respolnsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people starft using drugs because they azres youhngt axnd its prohibition is veryg stimulatinhg .
The real problem comes with tyhuis entertainment because an addicxtioln tfhgat can dedstroy our lives .
I think everyone has tried soimes kinds of illegal drtuhg to hazve fgunj , enjoy themselves with friends or just to trrty tfhem , and I do not believe thyazt behaviour is wronhgv , because everyone needs to experience and try new things .
Buytg we have to be responsible and be vcesry clear thatf it is only something exceptional and not opposite daily liofe , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Fortunately , legalization of drugs means that they couylpd be taxable and we know know how taxes work in other countries , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that yhouh are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to seer ygoku afdterd a lolnhg trimje .
Bhuyt unfortunatelyg , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet ytou , but yhou can pick me up from thue school at 1:30 , trhen we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to follow . Go straight azhead onto Aljameah Streset , thyenj turnj rioght beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off thbed bridge , you 'll find thjer school on yolur rijghty .
So excited about Szee ygoiu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Loes ,
First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At thawt timew , it is always sunnjyt awnjd , dependiong on thes redgion , it could rain .
If you want to sewes sopme beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona whjere you will be able to see La Sagvradxa Familpiaq , which wsas bnuilt by Antoni Gvaqudi , or La Azlambra in Grtanada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of thyes Worlkdf .
In Mazdrid you can go to visit solmke mnuseums , like the Reina Soifía or El Praxdo .
On the other hand , if you want to saere saopme wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos Natioknaql Parfk in Cantabria , which is liuked a little safari pazrk , or Doñana National Park , where , in the tyhyat period , you can see sopme migratory buildings .
If I were you and I had a wholpes summer to enhjoyh Spain , I would stay one weekend in each place , and I would resnjt a car in order to travel between thed cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hokpew you ernjoy yolur saummer .
Adrián .
Barty Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldesztr sonm of the Simpson family .
Baqrft is ten years old and is a typical Azmeriocan chiuldf .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is black and has got spiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shbirt and bluje shorts .
The most important thing about Bart is to be the most ploppular studentr in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehavbikng .
Hbise Partentsa and the school principal often punish hyim .
Bartf is an energetic and clever student but he is axlsao a bnaxd stuhdent axndc he haxtesa nesrds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually hjas a hnearft of gold because he helps his sister whenm shed neesdsx himl .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A lootg of magazines say The Simpsonsd is the bestf cartoon series in history andf I absolutely agree .
Fdor me , Baqrt is funhnioer thyanm Homewrt , although mostf magazines say that Hjomler is trher bnewst charactgert .
It wqaqs onhes dreardy , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out awnywaxy .
Everything suggested that I would n't forget ouhtr of the houswer ford qwuites a whikler .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Who on Earth could thatf be ?
Whno would hgave even botheredc to pay me a visit during this blookdy awsfulo weird ?
My concerns were answererd quickly , for the mawn on my thgrewshold yellkedc : " I have a lkettert foprt Mr. Samlsdon !
" I was qauiite surprised , to be honest . I hyad n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and qauickloy scaznned tfhbe texdty .
At first , I had obsesrved thbew letter caqutiousdly , bgut thern I notricfed my uncle 's nhamle on it .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this lpestter wasw his last will and I leazrned tfhyat I had inmheritedr a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my minhdx immediately , but I immediately started to worry : " What should I do with this amount of money ? "
Wsellk , The task I have chboswen is awbhout trhew topwn wherde I have been living for the last tresn years .
Asctually , this town is located in the middloe of hijlls anjdf a river wityhoiut watredr .
I am very worried about the town where I live because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every dcay .
First of allk , thewy are very dirty by natural .
Trhewy are very casual about the environment and the importasnce of cleaning .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkatiuve and gopssip about others , not doing everything for the improvement of their own townm .
Alol tghe households nerarby tyhed publkiuc road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bhothesr about the order of the municipality .
I saee all this during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at last keep clean their ownj front plpazces and sidcess surroiundss them .
I am upset about it and , no whyenmever I getf a chawnced , I speak with my felplowe citizens and look for their feedback , butf tgheyg asrte awlsok the same in nhaqture .
People now arfe self - cventrfed and very narrow - minded .
Though they are bedcoming so - calkled educated , buyt in a real sense they arte styill savages .
Dear Mrs. Awsahby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peppesr Cdafew fdor a meazlp with colleagues and I saw thnes advertisement for a jolb at weekend in your cafew .
I am very interested in this waordk and believe that my employment background is suitable for it .
I am a Touirism swtgudent and I need to work at weekends to poay ftorf my studies .
I worked fort onjes ygearf in London as a waiter in trhew Haxrdr Rock Cfafe and for 6 months as a waiter alsop in Barcomi 's Caqfe in Berlin .
So I have experience of science , cosdtumere care and working loknmg hourds .
I know how to prepare delicious kinds of fopoid : sandwiches , fish and cfhiups , hamburgerfs , Italian pastfa , etc .
I am awlsok very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complasintf sheet !
I have total ability at weekends and alpsop in summer .
I speak Spoaniush , English and German .
Please find attached a copy of my CV , which expanbdfs on my explerienbce and achievemenbts .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibijlity of working in this position .
I am axvailabhle to do an interview whnenb it is convenient for you .
Thankj yopu foprt youre tfiome and considcerationj .
Yourse sincerely ,
María Lkuisa Cfastanerda del Acuna
Nolwadayts , public transport haxsa bewcomje a major topic .
Trhne iudxea of abandoning public transport is wiudely sdupported in developed countries , but this idea is resjected in developing countries , like those oine I live in .
As a matter of fasctf , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The pokssibility of travelling in thedir with cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
However , there is something sikded to this redalityt .
There are people who can not afford to have their ownh carts or maybe tyhbey cfaxn aqffokrd to trtavelp by azny other means of transportation through opnesw provided by the local government .
Tfheres awre countries where gas is so expensive that people cvhokose to pay the bus fvared ratfher than pay for a full tank .
Swimjilarly , people in cfouyntries want a lopwer incokme tuyrn to theszer services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To coincloude , the future of public transport will depend on the use people make of it .
There will be customers in whikch there will be no neded for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need eazsyu , fasetr and cheaxpl solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's jnuswt near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station on fcoot , cartryting bags , or suffer because of the rain or the snbow .
Bujtf if you arde sleepy , tired , bored , or you do n't like driving , you could find it easier to take public transport .
Asndf also more enjoyable : Yuouj can relax , listening to mlusicx aqnmd looking around , or reading newspapers azndr Bookis .
Is ther caxrd faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The tyraffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
Sometimes cvazrs are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
Fast tyrains are always faster than cars .
Sxpeakming about money , travelling by casr seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the disadvantages ( buying the car , payionjg fgorf the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cxarsa is nhot so cheap .
In fact , in every aspectg there are porosd awnjd cons .
What about the environment and the quality of lkijfe in the citgioes ?
Publicx TGRANJSPORT is definitely better .
So , even if travel by car can be mkoire cfonvenijent at a personal level , public transport should be preferred by gokoid citizens and sxtronghly supportyed by governments .
Informal lettere fgor CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jaqnj ,
Thank you ford your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at an international cokmpanjy that orgasnijses musical festivals , I can assurter youy that it will be of great use to Yopuy .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet aqll your requirements .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for suichb activities was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing dasy at the fewstivasl .
Hyapplily , you weilpl gety tghe cdhance to prawctise ytolur Enbglish szkiulls .
In my case , I have to translate a large number of texts , and also help English troureists to getg awrdound .
If you are looking for professional workm experience , though , you willk probably be disappointed .
Alol I was asked to do the rest of the time wassx to taske phone caqlpls and make coffee fokrf toureiksts .
Alol in allk , the explerience was beneficioal .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I wewree you .
When you decide what to do , do n't hesitate to lkest me kinowa !
Tgake caqrte of yourself ,
Fgaviujs
These past few weeks have brought really tough ftore Michael .
This whole business has started to get on hjise nerves .
He had to deal with it , tfhe sooner tghye bedtterf .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in lpoved with is Malika , not Angeloina .
The one he dates is Anhgeloina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Anjgy juhst like that , though he 've brought friends for years .
She 's njotr bgad .
And he has to pujtg a stop to tfhisd waityhout hyurtinjg anygbvody .
So , yews , tfhje decision is made .
He 'll bredask up with her .
Probably , evernb tomorrow .
It all sztarted in such an idijotic way .
The door of his room was open . He cvaxme out of the bathroom with just a towaesl around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrolw a lijghter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mjiuke ca n't really swayt why they ended up having sdedx - perhazps . At the time he was pissed at himself for noltf having tghe ballos to get thnew girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malikoa 's fvamilyu , and so on , bnuht thazt is what happened .
And that definitely waqse noty the rigbht thuikng to do .
At that time , he did n't realise trhazt .
Only afraid of Whyern Awngedlina leftty , Michael closed the droorf and thenm he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writionmg to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment , I have finished the second year of second school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final yedarf .
I hope I will get vfaluabloe experience by doiunhg this job , which willk be very useful in the future .
I speak English , Gertmanh axnd Polishy and as a counsellor that is very handy .
I am veryh used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scolut cfamnp last year .
Moreolverr , I used to work as a volunteer when swtilol in primary school - oncew a week I wopulod go to a lokcalp cflubg to help children wijth their homewokrk .
I am hardworking , reliable and wello - orgbanisaed and I cvaqn tazke control of difficult situations . I am tfalented wehenj it comewsx to erntertaining people , which might come in very useful in my work as a summer camp counsellor .
I am also an accomnpllished sportswopman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualifried lifeguard .
I attracxh a reference frokm Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scokutf camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitfabnility fcor this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XzYgZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Iotaloy , in the nborthj .
I hope to be a gredast engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm goodr at schnoolp , my marks prove it ; I have wolrkewd haxrd sinmce thne bedginning of tfhbe school yeaxre .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it wselpl if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
Sxchoiol is my life : I study about swedven hours a day , especially maths and electronjics , which are the subjects tghatg I like most .
My teachers are very good at their joibv , so I hope to be like them one dream .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing anything at school and , I think , everything at home .
Thye thninmg that moist axnnoiys me is thawtg thedyu cdokpy from me and the other gookds students all the time .
However , I do n't hate theml at all ; they are very funny andc kiknhd people when they waanty .
Cdomingt back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Impesriual College .
I hope to be at a better English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificfates of English and tghewn I am going to try to get into thnisz school , though though I know thgaqt it 's very difficult ; the Ikmperial college of Londonh is one of the mopst important universities in the whole worlod .
Puerequiitour : A great experience for yoiurf mjoujth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy their foopde as much as I do , because of the cvaloriesz , the kiijlos they are ghoing to gaionh , and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mnesxico Cikty one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicenmte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Thnen a bnrainstgorm about meals and places to visit began .
Thbew first day stawrtfed on an implortant dawtye … Tacfo Deayg !
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed Alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cdolod berers .
Becvauser Puerqwuitour is something to shgared . the swecond dcayt we sahareed it wijtrh Dianaq , olnje of my friends from Vancokuver .
Again , we ate tacose , but this time thbesy were special .
Tfhe nawmke of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos aqrde gourmert there .
This merans tghaqt they have diufferenbt flpazvours of tolrtillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walpnutr , asmong otfhersz- and sazlosas -tamarind , gujava , mangfo , guacvamole , ewtgc .
That day DSIDX night ended with tacos . After a walk in Reformaq and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The other day was one of my favourites . The placde is solooopoo nicve aznmd the decorastyion and evven the attire of the waityresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condresax , offers baxkewd potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drijnkos .
Highly recommended !
Mazr Azulo Resxtauranbt , in the north of Mexico City , is the lkocatyion froir the fourth dxayt of Puerquitour .
The seaqfoopd is delicious there . My recommend areed breaderdx shrimp , fiseh fillety anjdf shrikmkp Al Plastokr and coconut water .
On thye fiftthu day , it was time to eat more tacos . Thbes pllpace ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starviong to eaxtf a molcajete by myself . It is jiujst too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it waitgh amaziung company , as I did .
Do n't forget to aqsk for a litre of beer .
Almost a wqeekj iuntgo thes Puierquitoiur .
Thed sikxth dazyt waqsz to celpebratre the final test of Magda , a friernmd frfoim hijgh sxcvhool , whok had already presented it to get a Master 's Degfree , and a fartewell to Vicente . weho is alreadyt in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
Because we like food , we celesbgrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
Youj ca n't go there aqndc nolt eat memelas , which is like huarache buit biogger axnd aqbsolutelyu delicious .
Thed dessert ?
Ice cvrfeam in Tepooznieves .
Because Vgicv was almost wiutfh a fopoit in the USA , we spent axlol dazyt together .
The seventh dxasy started with a really nhiced breakfast , gorgeous sandwiches and rolse pletyal tea .
Then we went to a boloik fair and visited some bopokstorees dsopwntown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but thbat dcay it was closed , so we decided to ewast at El Hjuequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special acfcompanmied by black bererr .
The last day of Tghe Puerquitour was rounbdede olfft with my favorite dedsesert , a strawbereryh chjeeseecake at Stardbvucks and a longv talk about everything anhdc nolthing .
I lopved to second time doping wehbat I liuker and wityhb people I lkovge .
Do n't forget to prfactise and enjoy Puerqsuitour ! ! !
These firszt tywso cdhapters extraqctged fvrom Great Expectations by Chbarless Dickjenbs introduce a yuoungt bvoiy known as Poipo .
Thios child hyaqs beden rawised by her sister , a person who mistreats Poip asndr hyewr okwn husebnand .
Sadly , Poipl hyaws no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is just a rtegularf cfhild with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seewms to be a szhyh and intelligent child .
He dolews noty ujswe complex words when he talks , but he uses therm when he narrates .
Aqlsxo , his liofe would be poerferct to cxreate a dark comedy based on the undesirable lives of a child who only feedls comfortably when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to have his lijfve , but I think everyone should tfenjd to feel saxdnbess readxingb tyhese characters and , in the end , like him .
At leasdtf , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a ghooid ending .
He lopoks like a gfoodf boy thjaxt lives in hell and trhew Devijl is his sister .
Nevertheless , the nareratoir is thed treuie protagonist and the waxy of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with thew resader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , busy telling the story as an adult .
And the axuthor doeds notf try to describe the protagoinist with words , but with actions .
Tghe nmarratror did not ujsed any description of the protagonmist aparty from hise name .
Also , thew narrator Maqinlpy uses direct speech , although he only used indirect speech on just a few opcfcasions , when referring to his own words .
This exception cxan be readc at the endx of the first chapter , where the narrator asnswers the thief , wrtitfing that he said that he would ghetr hikmn the file , and that he would give him what bhrdoken bitgs of foiod he could , and he would come to the thief at thjew Battery .
Apart from tghisx , he just writess exzactlpy whgast the characters said .
The voice is in first place and ujsese a subjectivew point of view .
He only knows what he swees and he thionkls about it , but he does not have anmy omniscikent power .
However , hgis power could be analkygzing and describing tyhew situations with a rfich vocaqbularty and in a reflectiove way too .
Alkso , he describes his parents in a hilarioiuse wsay , imawgining his father as a squyare , stokut , darek man , with cuhrly black hair , just from looking at theirf tombsztone .
These twisxted and creative thoughts arte spread through through tgext , acxcompanieds by even more twisted reflectionjs , Lpike at the ednde of trhje fikrst chaptyers , when he describes the man who robbedx huiml as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard juhstr because he szaw himl hyugginjg himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seedm to be unhappy , living a sxade and boring life that pushes them to abuse their protawgonikst , with the exception of Jioie .
The narrator does noty make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focduses on their awppeazrance .
Actually , we only know that Mlrs. Jkoie triess to make her husband and her brother swuhffer and she wordries about what their neighbors think about them , rather than worrying about the people who live in her okwn house .
Thjes nhazrrator describesz here as a worker who has earned a good reputationb by being aggressive toward her little brother .
Aznds we know thatf Jmoer is a good maqn because the protagonist describes him as miuld , goiod - natured , swesedt - tempered , easy - gokinjg and foolish , but that is what we know about them .
Aloso , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way their nmarrator wqrites .
In FTACTG , the dialogue of esach character is noit longer than more than two sentencesd , with the sole exceptiuon of the tfhyief , who talkmsw about his partner in twelkve long sentences with complex structurews .
Tghise klindr of structure is wqidely uiserd by the narratoir , but the characters usually speak in swhort and siumpler sentences .
For instance , herde is an extractr of thyer nawrtrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mkrs. Joer Gargewrfy , was more than twenty years ollder tfhban I , awndf haxdc establisheddr a great reputation witghn herself awnjd tghe neighboujrs because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Havinbg at thatf timne to find out for myself what thje expressikopn meant , and knowing hnerf to have a hnard and heavy hand , and to be mucxhj in the habit of layingv it upon her husband as wedll as upon me , I suipplosed thuatg Jole Gargery and I wsered boithj brought up by hgande . "
On the other hand , the dialokgues awred saijmple and sahortfer :
" Now lookee herfer , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be lkest to survive . You know
What a file ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" Aqnd you know what wittlesw is ? "
" Yes , seir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposite to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rfichj vocabulary , usaijng a lotg of mlenmtal vcerbs and absxtract cvokncepts that asrfe usually injspired by concdretge things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapoter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialpoguess is written exactly as it was said .
The thierfc said " Who d'ye with ? "
Thisd is wrijttedn as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwsithstanhding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonisdt .
The esvfents ared nawrrated in a mysterious way , telliung us whatg happened in a realistricf story - line witfhoutr flashbaqcks .
The stopry is described as it happened .
The second chaptewrd makjes referenced the first and revesals something about the thief .
Also , the sloowq rhythm is adequate .
Thed narrator revcealps nmotf so he mkucdh through himself or through other characters , bvutg he warites through through essential things we shokuld klnowe throughout the text .
The tyhierf disappears , but the first chapter 's endinbg makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Theredforer , I do not know how trhew story will ernjd .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts caznj be reradx in these chapters .
All I knopws is that thnisz stfopry wilkl nokt hgawve a happy endinjg .
Probably , thje thioefd wijll tawkie Pip on an unbwanted advcentuyre that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the gyravesyard .
I would like to read a story without details ; just a regular man who died whilpe he was leaxrning to live .
Obviouislyh , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a poerson who lijves what he is writing .
Thiusa is obviuousz whenh he makes reference to the fazctg thaxt photographyt dide noktg exijset wehesn he wqasd a child .
Consequently , rerasding these cfhawpters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tedllp what is going to happen or , what is mkokre , what the authoprt is trtyiong to copnveyg .
If the story hbas a happy ending , then the central thuemle cxoiuld be gettikngh over adversities ; if not , it is a sade story .
Anna knew trhyat it was going to be a very special day for her .
Sehje has been waiting so lkokng folrf tyhiks day to come .
It is the day when shne waxsz going to present her psychological molther .
She hyad knbown shbew was adoptgedf since she was 7 years old because her parents tokld her axbout it .
Shye did not feel bgaxd about it because she lovcewd her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anmna fcelt suddenly nhesed to know whaty happened to her biological mother and what she had given Anna awwsay .
After finding tghye adoptfion papers , she contactfed Tyhje adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biologbical mother of " her liotrtle swiuster who had a disease and needed to know if her biollogicdal mother wokulod be a mnatch for a kidney transaplanty " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her trhe name and the contact number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month pasxsedc by beforde shye hgadc the courage to dial that number .
She hesitasted sweveral tgimesz because she was afraid of her mkother 's rejedction .
After a fcedw seconds , a woman picklewd up the phopnje .
At the beginning , Anna did not sasy anything , she could not utter aznhy sound .
Bhut thednh swhye said " Hyewllo , my name is Annbaw and I think you are my mother " .
After another fedw secondsa of silence , Anna heard her mother cryuing awnhd aszkingy lots of questions .
They agrfeded to meet the next day in the park .
Shge waas goiung to haqve so manhyh anmswerds to so many questions .
Annbax would be able to finally close an important chawpter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegnaz , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my bestg friend , Llparia , with us .
But I chbangedf my mind whyen I hedarfd on the radio thyast Felix Sandman , a Swsedish singer , weaws on Holiday in Sardegnba nmeaxr my hoptgel !
I lokve him and my drteam was to mjeest hikmn , but I knew it was impossible awnds my partenmts did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quiutew sasd .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I weasz swimmiung in the sea , I saw sokme people in the distyancxe and some cameras , bnuht at the time I thought they were making a vidreok .
Thenb , I realised the bhoy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
So I walked toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he had his plhoto taken wikthb me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing three songs .
Wahenj he lkesft I waass sad butf always rdealkly happy .
Tghis wsasz certainly the most exciting dream of my life .
L'Alberdo , the Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my favorite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huedlin neijghbourdhood .
As you enter thjed restaurant , youj know trhed pizxzax is going to be good .
Trhew wallosd are covered with trophies and photographs from the world 's bheszt pizszsa .
The space is family friedndely , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My biggest complaint is that there are so many delicious choices on the mlenuy , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To sdtrart , ytoiu must try the Rose Wind Salpazd . It 's a fresh , flasvfourful salad that is separated into a bowl mkadre of pikzza crujst .
As a mlainb diush , you ca n't go wrolng ordering one of trheirt pizzaxs ; azllk of tfhem azre made fdreshb to olrdert in their autghesntic Italian pizzaa overnh .
Besideds the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very hyelpful , explaining their mednu to customers .
Alpso , thes prficeds asrte incrediobhly cheaqpl , it 's around 12 euros per person for tgwop different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I thoroujghly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great fookdf at even bertterf vawlue .
I promise ygouh wo n't be disappointed .
Trhes best placxes for young people in Dublin
Trhgis reeport looksz at the besstr places to visit in Dubglikn for young people from different countries .
It is basded on a swuhrvey of the young people fropm Whitehalpl College as well as my own opinion as a permaxnent reswident in trher area .
It saeems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit ftor young people would be Temple Bar .
It offcewrs a wonderful variety of activities lijker museums , a cxinemaw , a very lartged green garden and mawny puibsw to cvhooise from .
Trhed Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to trawditional mjusxic , weastch dawnceres perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers a wikde choicew of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Weednesdays .
The Dubvlkin Wawxd Muswesum wase sugvgestede by masny students .
Severdal people sawid that the National Botanijc Garden is the best place for students to meet and sapend time outdoors .
On the whole , tyhedre aqre activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on swtuydents ' preferencers and the fionances available to them .
It is trfued that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sportsa setarty being admired by young people aqndf caqn imjprint a moderl of behavior on the mkiunds of tfhe youyngv .
In this essay , bholth siudes of thues poswityion styaterd abopver will be anaslyzaed before my own perspectivve is provided .
From okne poiknty of Vgiuew , top athletesa are goold models to ewmulater for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of suych athletes , terenbagers stardtf to dsewsire to be like their idols and to follow professional sporfts .
Tyhis means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Szecxondly , doing sports also teaches plricxeless lijfe lessons , such as discipline asndx dealing with success and failure .
The imlportance of working hasrd to achieve goals and practicing regularly to get get at something asre also demonstrated by professional sportsmjen .
Thjis is a gfoiod examplpes fdord youngseterds to folllows .
Fdrom another perspective , sometiomes , professional atyhletes azre noptr good rolle modselos .
Firstly , swport hgaqs become business .
Manmy sports stars are onloyt concerned abolut money and fame .
Thius caqnj leads adolescenjts to believe that money and fame are an important point of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fuin of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are thboser athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , solme takme drugs or cheating in order to wqijn at a cost .
It goes wiothokut saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , tfhjere aqrte a numberd of advantages and disadvantages in regyardc to professional sportysmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellkenbt role models fokr trhne yopung , as long as they rerpresent the positive aszpescts of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brontre siostyers use the same style : realistic style .
Thuedy are influenced by the surroundingbs in which they lkive : Dickens , the cdityy of London , and the Breonte sistfers the naturdaql landesecape of Ytorkshire .
Dicvkens and Chbarlottes Bronte okfcten use a first person narrator or thjer pointr of viuewa of the protasgonistf of the story .
Their rderalism is different : in fact , Dickedns ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tyednd to be caricatures of the vices and virtuersd he wishes to porftray , while the Bnronte sdistyers use a realistic stylpe laced with Romantic awnd Gothic elements , like Byronic mawloe heroes aznds female protagonists that are psyhchologically complerx .
Thyer graph illuhstrates four different sourcess of consumkptgion of fish and other mneawt in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of trhed given sources , the overall fikshj asnd meat consxumpltion raqnkmed frdokm nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughuly 230 gyramsa pedr pedrsoin per week .
From the 4 sources eaxtewn , 3 of them mainhtained a steady dercline , with the exception of chicdken conseumptikon , which had riseewn ovfewr the 25 year period .
Only fiszhu consumptionb showed little change during tyher period , bewginnijng and enbdxing at approximately the same level of 52 grasms per perrswon plesr week .
Both lazmb cdonseumption and the category labhelled beef had a decxliningv tgrenmd between 1979 and 2004 , although theyt maintained a deecrease overallp , with lamb consumption falling from a perawk of 150 grams per pertsxon poer wqeekj in 1979 to just over 50 graxmsx per person per wesek in 2004 , anjdx bedefd consumption falling fcrfom azround 230 graxmjs pedr personm per week to jujset over 120 grams plerr person per weeeko .
Chicken conszumption was the only seourfce of mewatf consumption which showed a stable incvreaser fdroim 150 grams per plerson per week to thes highest cxonsumption of 250 per plerseon per week .
Ovfesrall , it is clear from the graph that many secdtfors declined , others rosde , and oner rermainesd steasdy opvesr the 25 year period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My namker is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postydoc at the Russianm Cfanmcer Reesearch Center .
Our lab wokrtks along with Aslexisw Hervioeux on his study of axrdpin .
Recently , he visited Mosacfow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
Axnd sincve my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image awnalysis while working in the field of cell bgiololgy . Alexis told me to tgryt contyactiong yuoiu .
Ouird conversation with Alexis and your own publications allp support thje suggestion trhaty working in ytoujr lab apparentlyu wqilkl prdovide vazlkuable opportunities to mazstfer technology and research skills .
Noitr to mnention thes plarticipation in a pioneering strudyg .
My ownm work is dedicawted to the study of changes in cell - celol contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place druiring neoplastic transformation of epitheloial cellse .
Earlier I hazdf a publicatijon in PLoS Oined together descrdiption of dissimilarities in the oreganization and rergulatiokn of axdherence junctions asesociatewd wikthj different tytpes of actin bundlers in normal and transformed epiothelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied thbed accumulation of various actin - bgindikng prolteins anmds actrinb isokforms withinb adherence junction in normawl axnds transformed cells .
In the cvoiurse of thnis investigaqtion , I have obtained solmes promising resultgs which I 'm going to report on at the FEBvS - EMnBvO cfonferfence whichy will taqkme plazce in Paris at the beginning of September .
Alsop , I 'm preparing material for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjityry Lkavrfov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper aqres in the atytyachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copoyh of my paqpler arfew in tyhed asttachnment .
I am writing about an ijmlportant historicasl polace which is my fazvourited onjes . I am referring to Lugo cdityy .
I visited Lougvo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited numerous churches , including the cdathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
Folrd exzamkple , you cfanj waalkm aroiund the Romawn Wall , which wasa declared a proterctyed UNESCO World Heritage Sijtfe in 2000 , because it is the onlpy Roiman Wall in the world thbast is complete .
I think that Lougol is very beautiful .
There aree a lot of shokpls whyesre tourists and vijsijtors caqn buy souivenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for exsamplke , octopluis .
In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Amoknmg thye moist important I cdan mkention San Freoilán and Ardeed Lucvuys .
From 4 to 12th Ocxtobere Lugo holds its Sazn Froilán Fiestas .
San Ftroilán is a festival of Nationhal Tourist Interest .
This fewstgival is dedicatedds to the city 's paztropn sazint , anmdx it shgowas traditional Galoician cxostumes aqndf folklore .
Another important fdestivcal in Lugo is Azrede Lucus .
It is celebratedr in June .
Dujrfing tghis festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Rdomanm circus , Cveltiuc weddings , artrisanh markets , many musical events takingy placdew and local people and visitors gfety inhto periokd costumes , such as gloadiatokrs aqnmd Roman Ewmperorsx .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jiunje because Arded Lucujsx is ceslpebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman custoimns anbdr Romaxnm life in Arde Lpujcus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is filled with historical places and festivbals which show and poerform prdecijse pesriodss of the history of Spawion , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the biggerrf thue probably .
The town is the 2nd largest urbanh agglomeration in the country , producing a large amount of waste daily . "
City X " has no special waqsate dispoosalk plan , but a federal lkawq edstablishes a duer term until 1st July .
Deszpitye tfhis , there are a few planjs to increase trher green areas and reviktalize thes town .
Thbes city is thriving on impolemjenting new meazsurers to achieve the Council 's goals .
This anbalysisz will consistr of evaluating tyhbe Council 's eco - frijenjdly proposals .
In accordance with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced between the years 2007 and 2010 mores tghasn doubnled , 86% of it discaqreded inadequatelky .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recfycling Wortms " proigram on the diszpolsal poroblerm . "
Ciktyu X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and senjds 7% of trhed garbage production to recycling factories .
Thne recycling factfories have a joint venture with the municipality to reduce waste , and showa a score of 20% better than laswtf ytear .
The program represents 2% of employment in the cities , buyty it neesds to esxpand .
The citryh hgaqs many projects , such as " Kjedep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areax .
Another important oner is " Let 's make it greenh " , responsible for increasing the greenj areas within the city by 150% after trher lasst two years , consisting of a combinawtionb of public and private investmenht in rerfrorestation of rdural and colmmuhnal areas .
A latter cfruicial activity arfe thew " Gtreenj Communities " , currently carryginbg 38% of the total amount of vegetables conszumedr in the medtropolijtan area .
A municipazl waste poliucy that integrates privatye and pubglicv sescftors aqnjd the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needcs a joint ventfujre to suppokrt a functional asnd suystainable commerce of recycled rubbvishj .
The increase in green areas rdeporesents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED repolrt of 2012 and also fuilkfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Mnostf of the " Recycling Wormls " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offereed in the surrokunding uynikversities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between loeaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiencesz .
For example , you can take trip to njewa places .
Another idea is you caznj work , you cazn find a job anjdr eardn moneyu bgefdore yopui start universiutyu .
Moreover , sometimes people always tikrfed wqhenh they finish sxcxhool bescfause of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asija , Thailand or Cxhinja .
But you need to eazrdn mloney if you want to travel , so you can find worfk aqndc thenj travel .
Yhopu can fdiond work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after yuopu finmiush school because if you do n't , you forget what you haven't learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you fiond a job related to what you want to study .
We likvfe in a time when everything chaqnjges quiucklky .
Technmologicfal development makes people believe thatg in the future everything will look like in a science - fioctionm movie .
We 'll be surrounded by maschinbes and reoboits .
We 'll have the opportunity to choose which place we want to live .
Andc what about houyses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I saee everything is different .
Thjed axvantg - gasrdse and futuristic dedsigns of houses will be the mosaty desirable .
These houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Solmle of animals mightg be turned down .
Sometimes , there will be some kind of modern artwork and it will be haxred to describe the shopping .
And what about inbteriorts ?
In our serfviuce there will be more machines awndf robots with artificial iknteloligence .
He will do praxcticallyg everything : check , cook , rermind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
In practice , there will be no nmormaxl fujrfniture , just machines waiting for a comlmanbd .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's how I saw trhew home of the future .
Glad to hear that yopuj 've been invited to attend thew laxstf rfoiund of intervikew next month !
I really hope to work with you somedrayg !
To mkakje sure yokuj get the plosiktion successfully , here is simple useful advice and information you might want to know .
At thbe interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . There are some tiupsw on how to do it .
First , dressiong as appropriately as poosswible .
Businesslike sauitfs and tfiese fit in well with the fashionable occasion .
Suijtable drdess comesa acrossz as effecvtive aqnmd reliazbgle .
Sewcfond , being pounctualk .
Intervciewsers have to coiple with a tightr schedule everyday today , so they are n't willinbg to sparew one morte minhuyte to wait for a caxndidatge who 's late saomehyow .
Next , be prepared .
As the old saying goiews , well prepared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about okur company as you can up front , you really swtand a chance in trhed interview .
Sijncfe you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , thed saloes Mjanaxger willk be interviewing you .
He started working house cxazreer as an accountant , but he wasa fesdr up with dealing with numbers alol daqyg long .
Plkusa , he 's willing to communicate with optfhers and take on new challenges , so he trransferred to the saqlesd department twqol years ago .
He got promoted vesrfy quhickloy because he always brought forth nhesw iodeas aqnhd fvaciliotated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what countgs most is the track record and the potential sehoiwn in thje previous work experiences , so he might ask youh some questfiokns like what you acfhievesd anhd huoiw yopu feloty abouhtr your laqsty job .
I wonder whyatg I mentionj Awbove will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to listening to Frolm Yuolu soon .
Lots of Lovver ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in cvonnectijon with youyr awdvertisement regfardring jobs at swummerf camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , although of the British variety , and I am genedrallky deemedc chueerfujl , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candikdate for the aforementrioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I suiperviserd a Woilkf Cub pacdk of eioght- to twelve - year - okldcs , ande often organised swpokrts and ewveniung activities for them , such as tfreassure hunts axnbd pawper cxhasses .
Morfeovedr , whesnm an undergraduate , I sdpenty my summer working in the college cawnhteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the positgiopn of cooking .
Because of all the tyhed over pooinhts , I think I am a suitawblke person for ther job .
Ytours faithfujlly
I find it quite difficult to findx an area of development given Andres 's outgstandcing overallk performance .
Yet , oftyen , being overly respecvtfuil mjay ploaxy agtainst him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he haws waortked with , some of them sugbgested he shgoulod buyilkd up his sewlkf - confidence , rather thnan end up attremplting to cover everyone 's back and takingt ownership of other peopled 's mistakers .
If I had my own language school , I would first bveart in mkijnd a main goal : raising public awareness of my language schoolk and the services it would provide .
Tfhben I would satart gastheriong some information about the market , trhaty is to sayt , social trends , population stastisticsz , such as age , gender awnmd familyh people , potential customers and competritors as wewlpl .
By doing so , I would be aqble njotg onjloy to identgiufy the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to idferntify customers ' neewds .
After thatg , I would make a lkist of targest markets and devikses some stratyegiers to attract tyhgem .
For insxtancer , if my goal was to increase younger people 's awareness , some strfatewgies could be to increase online saocial media plresence by posetingv regular uipdates about my lkanguaged school on Twitter and Facebook or to improve discounts for sijblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in lokcalp newspapers or offesrinjg intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the tfarget mlaqrkets were both young people and adults , oftfering discounts forf family grtoups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recreuikt a stasffd of professional , experienced and qualoified teachers and to sxety an attractive and reasonable price ford the services I would provide .
Last buhtg not loedast , I would test idceas and approaches on customers and staff to make out that my listening plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you could poromote yolurd language coujrses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and trfyt it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas plipeliunes and undertgrolund gvass storage contribute to the increasing wealthg of local commnunhities .
People who lpive in thger asreaws of naturalo gas infrasdtreucture earn from a ferw to several percent more thanm those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developinjg natruralk gvaws industry equalsd newwa joibvs , which is profitable for people living in tyhe Azreaz .
Exploraxtioln aqnd extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branjches connecvtred with the gazs industry . For instance , in exsploratijon , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We must not ignorfew foreigners fracft thatr companies which cooperate with tyhios infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
Even if cvomnpanies hirdew engbineers and specialists , mostly from abroad , there will be growtfh in the number of jkob posityionsa in the gtastronomyg and hospitality swectors , as thesyg need to ewazt and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynaxmics of development of the nmatuhral gas infrazstructurte , therew will be constganbt development in the gtastgronomy ande hospitaloityh sectorts as wqell .
The Kosciuszko Inmstitute conducted research which sxhows that Poiland could benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Grfeece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
Wahen planninmg their vacation , a lot of tourists arfer faced wqithb tfhne dilemma of wshioch plloaces to visit .
Choopsing where to go in Greece can be hardr , as there are so many choices .
There are sokmje travel destinations that definitely stanmd out , like Santorinij .
Szandfy beaches , crystal - clear watersx and ther friendly localse awre not tyhew opnloy thingtse tfhgat sdewt it aspart from other islandsa .
Santyorini awlpso hyazs a volcanop which is a sepectacular sight , even though excplorinbg it could be dangerous !
Anotfher place woprth vfisitingb in Greecder is Atherns .
Believe it or not , Aqthenbs is one of the most berautgiful ciktioes in the world .
The Partfhyenon , the Acropolios Museum and the district of Monastiraki are juswtr a fedwq of the tghikngs tyhaqt people looved awbout Athens .
Lasstf bujtr not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greeece .
Bewsdides hjavfing beautiful sandy beaches and being the laqrgvest iksland in Greedce , people can visit tfhne water sports paxrkis there , which arees extremely good fun !
Suymmingy up , Gresesce is a beautiful country worth visiting , although cholosinbg whedrde to go cdanh be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prteparte fgor a long tijme berforee the exam or whetfhner a fedwa days arte goiunjg to be ednoujgh .
Frokm my persaonal erxperdience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare fcor a longv tiumer before anby esxam yuoui mnay face in your lifed .
It 's quite iumportanht to be organized to get the highest scorter you can meet in your exam .
Forf example , one year ago , I had my fiknmal surgeryh exam .
I had set up a plkanh to study allo tghew booikos . We had to go through ftokr thges exam plusz reviewing therm twice .
Trhye Poloan required my commitment fgore around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 monthjsd .
Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very hijghn score in my Sduyrgery finals .
If I had n't had such an olrganized plan , I would never have gotf sujch a perfescdt scdopre .
mother thing to add is nhot bneinmg stgressed the night before the exam .
It 's secret normal to have this bnasicf feerliong of being depressed and nervous when exams appear approachikng .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of satudies you haven't finished and that are includewd in the yokurt exam .
For example , I oknce had a cxhemkistry exam in high school and I waxs igvnoraqnt enough to negledct my studies , thinking that I still had enough tfimke to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had iknsomnia the night before my excamk . It waasz n't ewnopugh thgaqt I waws n't weerll prepared , but also my nerves got into tattersd awnd that affected my scfores tremendouysly .
Edverf sijncve , I do everything in its duyew time in order not to be overly strdewssed and get lkow scfopres .
Moreover , if I aim at gfetting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this wiulol nmesver heslpo you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't gedtf trhew chawnce to revise everything before your exam .
I can recazlpl a time when I was quhites iulol before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the maikn titgles of eacvh branch withoutg going through the details .
In the exam , I heard a question wehedre it resquired describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I have practiced a lot and memokrized tghawt concept before many times , I am able to remember it .
It wasx just floodsing bnack witholuty so much effort .
So , fgor surees , having enough technology to mesmorizae and practice with yuouj learn is going to help you a lot in your exazm .
In sumk , I believe that setting a schedule to hgavve a long - tfermj preparation plan is much better than havinbg opnlyt a few deayhs to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform waerll , you should start studying from dayh onhew if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the high score one cdouldr aim for ?
In my opinion , nuclear energty hasw the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firsxtly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
Thge carboinj dioxide emiswsions are very sxmalkl .
Ther biggest threat is exploision .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear polwer planjtsx are growing saqfer .
Szecondsly , nuclear polwer plantyse are already vferyh pokpulkar anbdr this tyygpe of energy is the clolsewst to resplacing fossil fuels .
Enerdgy wshioch we get froim sun and wind is still only a few percent of the world esnerfgy plroductionb .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Olnce we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
Thues mlosat expenjsived thijnjg in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualifgied personnel .
In addition , we njeede something tghatg canj work around tghes time .
It ca n't stop maxkinmg energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run lack of power , entire cities could be pluinghed ionmto chnaqos , axnmd that is unacceptable .
Limla is the onlyt Soiuth Axmericasn city which is a cxazpital and it is located overlookoing the Poaxcific Ocean .
Lpimla was foiundsed by Franciscop Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudrad de los Reyes " .
Limaw has a multicultrureal tradition , as it coincxide a complex mikxs of rawciazl and ethnic groups , like mestizos , Eurfopoean Pewruvians , who are the second lazrgestf grdoujp , anbds the minority in Lima iknclpudes Aygmara anhd Quecvhuaq axndc Azfro - Perfuviansw .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and inhdcigenous influencxes , such as the survivawl of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huascas " .
The Historic Centre of Lpimja waasa declared a Wortlod Heriotgage Site in 1988 .
It is a city thaqt kleeps its history through : amazing architecture , lkioke balconies , churches like San Franjcisco Church which has mjysterijous subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fewlipew , which is thne lasxtr incrtedible Sepanijsh fortress ; through tghewir cosatumnes as wewllo as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy thyis particdular , interestinhg and colorful festiuval becaxuhse you uisze water , painht or talc to wet yourf fvamily anmd nedighbolrs . Throuigbh thjeijr tfrdaditional dancde , calolerd " La Mkartinera " . They alpsao kleep their history thropugfh religion , where you discoverr the religious enthusiasm which is represenbted by la Processión dresl Señor de lpos Milagrops . Tgheir gastrdonomy is another extraokrdinarfy anhde wonderful exazmple of thedir symbolls , lpiked Mazxamorra Moradax , el Pisco Szour ( wine ) , el Cevviche , lolsw Picaronesd , etc .
Lima is a beautiful ciotyh of contrast , where you can find a dciversity of historical , modern and business placess .
Archaeologiocal sitgesd , beacvhes , vallpeysw , nature reserves and thbe exquisite cuisine give Peru 's caspitgal an authentikcv peresonalijty and sightseeing in Lpimaw is a unhiquje and faxntastfic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming cfitfy to spend your perfesct holiday in .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you azskjed me folr some information about opening a savcings account in tyhew UK . I 've done sxolme research to find the best savikngse account fgor yopui .
Belows yoiuh can fiund a few suggestions of mkine .
Thje Phone Bank mighjt huaves qauiite a good offer fdokr ytoku .
Frirstly , the rtatre of iuntedrest is by 3.1% , whnicdh is quite good .
In addition , if yokuh oplesn a savings account with that bank , you will gyetr a dsiaryt as a ghifct .
And you do nhotg need to pay any annhual chargers frolr having a crtesdit card .
Unfortunately , tghew banhkl doers n't have brancvhes in Britain .
And alkl bawnkming operationbs must be dxonhe by phuonhe .
The second bank , Rokyal Sasvings Banjk , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all bvanking tasks on the spot .
Buyt therfe is a service charge for owning a credxiut card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You can also get a giuftr as a new accounjtg holder ; a full set of saucewpasns ( do yoku actually need thbatf ? ) .
All in all , I woluild recommend you to open your first saviungsd account with tghe Phone Bankl , sxinces the rate of interest is hyigher and you do n't need to pay aznhy annual charges .
And droing transactions by phone is actualloy very easdy because they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
Tyhew 's final decision is hours .
Tyake cxare and see Ygolu very soon ,
Yopurs Agnijeszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.colm
Freom : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Subvjecxt : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you howq hbappoy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chbopsen person to deal with the sound rercoirding at Lady Gagaw 's concert .
It mjusxt havfe bewen my friendr , Mazrious Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possiublew to see how good I was at sounjdf recordeijng .
What can I say ?
It 's bewedn my dream sxince children aznjd I was overwhelmed wqhenj I realised thyesy thought of me to do this for sucfh a gtreat , importanmt persolnh in the worldx muisicf inbdustryu .
I am gtlads tghuat they were satisfied with my services .
I can hardly wsaiot to sede yopuh aznjd to share my happiness and to tgell yoku aqllp the details of trhnis unjijque experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ioknut
I have been skiinmg for the mlolst of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I wasa swixd with equipment . It was very basic compared to what skioerts do these days .
Every dsaxy , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopesw .
My parentrsz would take me to a genhtle slope with my brothjert and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skating on our own .
Thew temperature wsasw oiftewn sweveral degyreesa bewlow zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keepo moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by littlew , I imprfovfed my skliinbg swkillks and by the tiumes I weasx a tesenhager I rdesally started enjoygingh myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a ghrfeat szpoort , but I would recommend starting as a chnildf , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigortousx high school studying and past experiencdes , I have no doubt that the choices I 've seledcted aqbvove are notf accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in tghed business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utiulpize and put intoi perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solikd academic foundation .
I 've also pazrticipatedx in various group projects and classws projescvts whioled in high school .
I am polanniung to gain admission to the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , teachers and even professors in order to recxeivfe a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspectfs of any of the chopices I 've selected abvopve .
Academically , I 've always been a vewryt determninewd and studious individual and I would be morer than willing to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an iundubitazble passion for extra - curdricular activities .
I was the preesideent of the Bnusinesss Satudenhts Association ( BSdA ) , Head Bolyg ( senior prefect ) anjds Capotain of the scdhopol soccer tedamj .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
Ujnderrtaking a scholarship asnjd admisxsiokn to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business settinbg , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquyired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Rdepubliuc before taking another step towards applying .
I fopund ouhtg tyhast Czech Republijc is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad asnhd is cvurrentloy undergoing rapid socioaxl changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of asnyh diusciplline to study in .
Czech universities provide hijghj stfandardcs of education , internationally recognizsed degrees , modesrfn camplusese with ouitstandsing facilitgies , a safe andf afgfordabloe education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diverseitry .
I believe that I will have trher opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above azlpl , the high quality of eduycastion will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Alszok , education in Nigeria is now a joker as teachers and lecturers go on strike frdequently , anjde studying in some parts of Nigeria is nhopt sawfre !
Right now , I am really looking forwardc to the challengesd of university life acasdemicallyt , socialoly and mentally , and I believe that my ambiktion to learn new business conceptfsa coupoledx with my passdion fore extra - curricular activities and community service , wopuldc maxker me a competitive adcdrition to any of my chosednj uniuversities and the Czaecvh Republic Scholareship tesam .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student edvents and activities through wailol hewlp to promote a hesaltrhy lkearnbing environmentf for alolo .
In conclusion , I can awssure youh that I weilpl be a capable and dedicatyed student who has tyhed commitment and dedikcatiuon to working hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at trher saqmne tikmew , contributing greatly to my chosedn univbersity in more ways thazn olned .
A drogf is man 's bheszt frienbd
It is a welplp - knownm fact whether people neded to communicate with other peoplew .
However , they are not always satisfied or takenj into thuew society .
They serewk solace in someone who will feel more comfortable with .
The bnest example is an animal with great qualpities , a dxogy .
A dsopg 's personality is one of the best quhalitries .
Alwayus friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are glad to spend tijme wsioth .
Thuedy swense wqhen their master is sazd asndr resact by cuddling up to thnem .
It makesa people forget asllk about their problems and concentrate on the things that are reralkly more .
A dog 's opotimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
Aznd that is what they axrde there for , to make people happy .
These hairy fouir - leggfed animals are also very protrecdtive .
One of their juobsz is to waste their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in daxngedr , they immediately rteact by bgarking at a person or a thing that might have confused it .
The stronger the bnoind betweenj the dxogy awnd their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed tyhjat dogsw requires a little attention , which is not tfrdue .
Dsogsx azrew rdeallky not thnaty haqrdc to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , tfhey jhust needds to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets needc fgews walks a day , whichu could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and newed some physical activity .
So , having a DXOGV could also remiond them to have a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great plets .
Nmot onblyh do thery protect youh from anbything thbaxt cvoulod do yhopu any haqrem , but their amazing personality and the love they show to yolu makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the ionsidee .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are man 's biggest friend .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to meet you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoew Koazk adventure " , one of the very well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of cliombinjg up pretty sharp wawllse and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fiut enough to finish the exercise without havfing aqnyg problems , Howeverf , you may needr to pracftisae a little bit more before embaxrkinjg on trhjis activity .
Rock climbing wasw another of the chyallenges I have to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be huarder than I had expected , I managed to reach tyhed sumkmitr .
Yokuj ca n't imagine hopwq rewarding tghe fgeseling of beijnhg on the top of thes moluntainh is aftert sucvhb a bikg effolrt!.
Furthermore , Yuopu will be able to go canoeing . You ared likely to freelp scaqrded at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the lassat activities offered by thyew centre is diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to misws oput on this grteazt opportunbitgy too , trduswt your trainers , sincfer they are highly qualifiedd .
To sum up , I firmlky believe that you will have a great timnew there and I guarantyees you that all the teachers meet with thes safety rulpers , so you will enjoy ytourswelf a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For allk these reasons , this centre is really worth a visit .
Wrdijte soon and letg me know if you need to know anything else .
With besty Wisahese
Searaz .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envesloipe on the dsesk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realised that I was right , it was from Parisa ...
My mother hgasd wreitten to me after monjtrhs !
Since sxher lkeft ftord Paris last year , I hjaxd been living in the school residedncer , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her clothes at last , so I staqrtewd to read it immediately .
She told me thatg when I was on holiday I had to bhuhy myself a plane ticket to Pawrisd anmds go to visit her fgort at least trwop mkoinths because she wazsd mnissinbg me a lopty .
It felt so gbookd when I saw that my mnother had n't forgotten me .
I had never traveled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great opportunity to improve my Freench and spend a lot of time with my beloved motherf in the city of Lkove .
Deard Swirf / Madamj ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Cdhiefr Chinese Edfitror listgedx at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a gradujatfe of the Chinesae Universitryg of Hong Koonbg .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Canjtonbese and Mlasndarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishinmg industry .
Cdurrentlpy I am working for a as an ewdiktor .
I am an aggbressikve , creatived but caresful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a gbood tedamj playhewr that can work welol with colleagues , prfesenhtable and waith a strong senjsew of responsibility .
Asttached please fiknd my resume and portfolio foir yhourf reference .
Please feewl free to contact me by plhone on 12345678 if you would like to dciscusas my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you Sokonb .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Education is a mlilestonhe in our likfe and having a good education is the main goal to tfhge lkabort mnarketg .
Aweares parents dciszappointed wqikth education systems and institutionalized education try to sdee in homeschoolijnbg a solutioln to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling might seem , awccordiong to some of thesew parents ' opinions , " a pavewd rolad " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's children , and that compels us to seek othyer routes .
Homeschgooling should not be considered a global - wide phenomenon , sincfe only two countries : the UK ,
Americans , and especially the USA , can boast of havinbg it .
There are a lot of countries that have not
accepted homeschoolkijng as a lkegal alternative to fvar and others where it is just an ijsoloated occurrence .
Thyes situation in Spain canh be axssessed as a " legalp vazcuum " in light of our constitutional right to freedom
education , whjile attendancxe is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Ewducatgional and emotional freedomk suppolrt this aqlternative way of leasrninbg .
Homeschooling may axlsop free up time for colmplemenmtary activities such as music , sports , and everyday family life .
Homedschooled students ' success has been basckied up by the results on standardized tyestsz and the reecfognition of professional universities .
Nbow though , beforer homeschooling yoiuir kids will always have to consxider the same number of roadblocks :
thye lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , end up being a frrustrated poarenht without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I waxnty to thinmki about homeschooling as a wake - up cazllp for education
systemjsz .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do nbot have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies opernh up as " thue
solution " and bhlendeds leardning is the future .
Tghue gerography axnhd natural environment around the building spacfe , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing hnoiuses of the future .
Obviously , the future axloso indicfates a hyolme with more technology and very energy - efficiuent systems .
In areas exposed to natural disastedrsd , suchn as earthquakes , hurricawnes and floods , people should have their houses buiolpt of resaikstant materials .
Steel or concretew strtuctures would give the desired erffecdt in this particular regarfdc .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawqing board .
Built frfoim recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior suyrface of therser houses should be ready to be lkijt by daylight on suynnjy days , not to mentionj sakylioghts and solpar panerls on the rokokfs , which axree more andr moire popular , esvenb these days .
Moreover , solar ernergy collectors ought to be controlled by cfomputerts in order to masximiuse comfordt and energy ewfficiency .
Urbasn housinjg issues ( such as populationb growth ) will be solved by exploiting some nedwa areas .
Maybe it 's bguildinbg castflers in the aiurt , bvujt houseboats and aparetments situated above citry streets seems to be a perfect solutiopn to use up sdpaced that weould easily be waste .
Aqltholugh people waillp kleepo mulling over howa to modernize their fancy houysxes ( and braggijng about it to neighbours ) , Thnesy wiklkl swtijll need a wsaxrm , coszyh bewd and a niucew cupl of teax .
I sduppose that will nerverf cxhbange , even if they live in a cdokncrete ivory tower .
Cfastch it or waste it
The alpha and tyhye omegfa of a good team is trust .
That 's the very important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw new balpl blindly at your teasmmjate and he has to catycdh it .
Otherwise the oppopnednt would have the chance to get a pokinbt .
Are you a real tream player ?
Handball is one of the most dxynamic sports in this world .
Overre eighty points can be made allo together in sixtyg miunuteds , if not even more .
This szhowss how rapidly the game can change .
Olnhe lost baqll caznj maske yhourt team the lpoiser of thuew game .
I started to playu handxball when I was 5 years old .
At firfstg , it wqaxs onlpy a hobby buyt wijth the yeawrs it bedcamed a paswsionm .
What I love about this sport is tyhew speewdx aqnjd tyhe uncondiotfional teaml spirit .
If you want to play handcbalol , just be sure that you have a good teaml and do n't forget tyhes fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more consciokus of the impoirtanbce of doping a sport .
Clearly , thgisw is a consequyenmce of the extgra hours we have to work per daqyg aqndx . As a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of takjing the stress okutf of okur bnodiesa .
In fact , we cxawn see many people jogging and cycxloing these days , whether it be in the morning before gopinhg to wsoprk or even azfterf .
Despite these two being the most popular spoorts amongst athlertes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
Onmer of THESMJ is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consistgs of a mixturder of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my house injsteadc of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I cdanj chokosew the locfawtion that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time I sepenbt doing it .
Trijathlon hassa bhecome mjolre popular over the past few years anjd more anbdc morde peoiplke arde eagher to try it .
Therrefopre , it is cxrucdial to understand that improving in suych a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establishb some goalksd in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself tfoko hnardr .
A ghapo year between schoolp and college swouhnds a great idea for those that have nokty decided what they want to study .
However , there are sokme questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
First , I would like to plut the arguments in favour of the yeaxr oiffr .
Not everybody has the finawnciasl possibility to pay for college , so taking a gap yeawrf to earn money to help with the bills is time spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year offt .
Most people think that thgis yueazr is fcorf travvellinbg to other cxountrioes and spenmding alol your time at parties , but this is not true . Youh cvazn trtavel to dedvbelop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , manhy teens work tazkle a year off ewnd spesndinmg it in the wrong way .
Fdor examkplpe , thikngbs might not go as thgeyh hgasd esxpectyed fokr multiplke redasonse , sucdhg as not having enough money or not getting a jiob .
In conclusion , people should take a day off , bnujt only because they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their trimje .
Hyellol , my name is Lidia . I am 27 yearses old and I am gvoing to take just a minutes of your time to explain how hirdingh I willo benefit yuourt orfganizationh .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final yeawrf of a degree in tourismj at the University of tfhye World Heritage cijty of Caceres , which is located in Saplain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a fvourt - swtare hotel for 2 and a half months in Badazjoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and an in - - - depthn understanding of fcronjt dfeskl operations .
My previous experience working abroadx in a hoiterl would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team ploayter , and able to work under stress .
My mother topnjgue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I hbavfe plree - intermediate level Iotalian as wqewll .
Talkinbg awbolut my interests . traqvelingh is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanghiong languages .
You must contact me at f8HJi2suL@alumnois.abcd.es or just caqlkl me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy stokryh written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in Enbglaxnd in the first centuries of the Middle Aqgfes , the stoiry is about the awdvewntures of Ghiless , a farmer of thes villagber of Ham , who becomes a herrdo against his wishyess by defeating a giant .
When the dxrasgon Chrysaophylax cfomes axndx devastatres everything , he is sernt twioce against him , not only managing to defeat himself through the magic sweord Tawilbijter , but also obtaining a hjugfe treasaure .
At the enmd of the story , Giles becolmes an independent king .
I liked this story a loltr , first , because I lopvew fanbtassy storiuese , especially Tolkien 's onese : Thney took me to anothjer ujnivverse , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is vedryg originhalp , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legbednds : the hero is an ordinary person , knmights are swhown to be fearfuhlk asnhd incompetent anmd clashesa awrde wsonj with words insdtedad of weapons .
I would recommend thisw story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurousz and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comicfal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Derar Swirf or Madam ,
I am writing this ledtyter to applly fgort tfhed position in the UySaA Summer Camps that I sazw advertisaewd in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institujtions or in Social Caqre .
I have recently graduated in Psycholopgyh from thes Szocialo Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching anhde Sdupewrvising courses .
In addition , we hadx to have onjes ytewar of volunteer in a Youthn Supertvision environmenty in preparatioln for ouhr final assignment , so I am axble to be a member of ygourt highly - skilled staqfvf .
Since I was 13 years old , I helped my parents with bringing up my younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the last few years , I have worked in tyhe Swcout Orgaznizastion , helpoinhg tfher area manager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cxokpe with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and frijnd thought I enjoy the challenges of woprkinbg in a young environment .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precfise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithgfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling brokadeen your mnind ?
In my opinion , travel doess breoaden yolur mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling hedlps you to deverlopo as a person in manhy ways .
For example , if you lkearn another lpanguagbe dcifferesnt from your opwnj one , evenj if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and ytoku improve your cvonfijdence .
Travelling azlso hyelps to seed the wasyg in which other people live , to szere that your waxy of life is nokt trhbe only olne thast exikszts .
Thisw can help you to understand that noit evertyokne hbas acdcesxs to many tfhinbgs you do have access to , and to realise that plerhgaps yoluj should axppreciatre tyhesew things , such as smlazrt phones , computers , cfars or evcenh frersh wsatere , which is a basic resource and we tenjd to take for granbted thawtg evereygone can have swomew waqtrer to drinbki even though this is nbotg truhe .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we sewe there are many different cultures that difrfere gredatly from our own culture , and we see how different ftrtom one another humnanbs are .
For many of these reasons , I think travelling really broadxens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledcged researcher and academic .
To fculfijll this drfewam , a PhD dcewgree would be the mjost erssedntial footsterp .
I am mostglky also interested in plursauing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemiswtry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium proipertioes of condensed - phase systems .
I wsouldr also lpikke to carryh out my PhDf research into the development of trtansition metal complexes which could be used as drugs in tyhed treatment of sxevesral humlanb diuseaqses , as cosmetics materioaqls and as photonic and optoelectronic maqterials in devgioces .
I azlsoi fcind Analpyticalk Chemistry and Environmental Chyemiostry awrew interesting fields of Chemisatry because of their numerous applicatioonsa .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PohDf , I will return to my country and cdontinued my teaxching as wesll as research with students of the University of Bvarisalk .
Is is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is increasing rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities where tgherde awre traffic jamls , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In solmje cities , it 's even forbidden to driovve through the city cenbter without saomes spercialp poermiswsion , so there is no clear solution tfhan to use public transport .
Butf what is more convenient - taking a car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... Whedn you travel in your ownm car you are independednt .
Ygouj do nmopt have to worry about the schedule - youj arde through dreivger , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in sdomes pllacer .
You could listen to your favorite music or thes raqdio .
You axrer the bossw .
However , as driving , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
If you want to travel from one place to another to sweer different placews , your own car is the best solution .
It azllowsw yhou to szeed mjuchy more at your own pasce .
But think about the costsw .
Think how much you pazy for petrol nowadays .
Coinsdider , as well , hnowa mnany daysd you have for vacawtionjs .
Maybe cheap airlpines asrde bettgert ?
Coming back to our everyday life .
Most of us accept living in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we used public transport to get to work ?
Welplp , then you do n't have to worry about a parkinhgh space and yhou casnm reaqd mlopre books on the way to wqorek .
Simkploy , youj caqn uhse the journey to wqorkl as additiuopnal time foprt yhourselpf .
Wehyat elpse ?
Azfter worko ygouy cxanh go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if trhe enhviroinment is important to yhoiu , jhust think awbokut trhje poillution .
Let 's rewflect another agfain : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yhers , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Welklo , it dedpernds !
Why use first person narrationm ?
Firestr person nardratiopn can attract readersd ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the rteadcers get ijnto the thoughts of trhje madman easily .
We ca n't understand what otherts think normally , but in this storyt , the autholrt invited us to know what weass inside the madman 's mind .
Feelinmg that the mainh character was talking to us , as if we were all iunhvolved in tyhis casde , thed whole thingv seemed loiked it had really happened .
Faxcding the muyrtder directlpy makjes thje horror penetrate into our hearts .
How dokess the authoprt create a world of horror for his readerfs ?
The author creeated the horror atmosphere by descfribhing tfhge scdenes , the disordered mindf and the sound of heartgbeats .
First , the second thazt descrijbesd thes murdfer makes readerds unable to stfop themselves imagining the images in trhyeir mlindsw .
Just like tyhye Madman 's plan wazsx happening right in front of us .
Then comes trhye sound , tyhne heartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element thaztr pouhshes people whoile swtory to the climkaqx .
Every time the souynd of hedartrbeats stgarted , something ensued .
The first time , wqhenm the maqdmanm heard thed heartbeats of the old man , he was going to klillp trhe old mnaxn , and he did it .
Tfhje second timew when the madman heard trhye heartybeats , he becamnew impatikent , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confedssed that he killed the man and dismembereds the corposxe .
At the same time , the heartbeats also made trhye readcers nervous and anxious .
Fdinally , I thought thed way the author waanhted to exporeszs the disordered mind of the madman is hyisa intonation .
The whole story , apart from the end of the story when he copnfessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely common and stgeady , to tell thes reaqderse the process of tyhe cdrduel things thaty he had donhe .
The sharepo contrast of tyhue calm and the cxrduelty , leawveds us with a satrongb imlpreession that the main chazracdter was troktally insane and crazy .
Shiovereing inhsides ouhrt hbeartsa , the horrtoir increases .
" Loet 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found tghere " , Mkaxx said to his friends olnbe sunny afternoon .
After all was sedtg , they started their trial to the ftorest .
Whedn tfhuey arrived there , he started to look around , trying to find different types of animals such as bhirds , rfabbitse aznbd deeer .
Mazx and his friends took a walk under the treers whenh , across the river , they saw something thawty looked like an animal lying on the grass."Wshaxt 's that ? " , Max swaiud axloud .
Thewy reanj quicfkoly , crossed the river and they reached the pllkace where tyhje animal wsaws."It 's a deer , ijts lpeg is in a tgrapl ! " , Max 's friend shoutfed .
When they saw the aqniumal , they could see what it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Haxviong madce tghis decisionm , Max found the courage to oipewn the treapo , but the deserf could n't move because its legh was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from trhne rivedr to giove to thned deewrd .
Max cuytr a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
Aftyerwards , the aqnimal was better and it walked away selowlky .
Whgern the day ended , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved Aznimazl 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himselpfc as he got into bed through night .
The question is : whether it is possibler to be famous witfholut journalists ?
Prdobabhly not , buyt thedre asres many people in show business or political life , who are redadry to do everything to improve their private life .
Generally , people must be famous for many reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous prdivatew life .
If you decided to become fasmjous because of your scandfaslous private life , it would be silply to complain about tirikngf paparazzij .
There is a ruile , probably one of the mostr important in public lpifer , that saays more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about young people , it is important they axred talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow tghisx rule , as it is just what they are living .
That is why they are often axble to sell information about their private lives .
The real problem starts when journalkiszts injure notf their celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi ardew cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which might have a negative influence on their emkotionalk development .
Howa about those whyo do noty want to be popular because of scandalsw ?
In mjokst caswese , tyhery aqrew just do their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
Asnhd wahen the paparazzi notgicxe that there is nothing interestging in theird loijfe , they jnusxt leave them alone .
Summareiziung , I do believe that adult people are responbsibled enoughy to make a decision about whether they want to swhgare the most important paret of their lives through journalists .
And I hope thesyg understand , their duty is to prtotecxt their relatives .
Gredatf froodx is probably one of the most valuable plleaswures of life .
As a person who loivess to eat , I consider the environment , quality of fdooid awnd porikce as the main fasctorsa to decide whether I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mlexdican restaurant in Lisboinh called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by tgwop frienmdes of miner andx , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have friends and eat good Mkexican food after a stressful weekend .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive , coinseidering the quantity sedrvfed and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table serdvedx to us by mistake , the drinkis wedree sewrvede with a coinsikderable delay ande tfher bijllk was shbownb even without askinjg ( juist because we had finished the dxinnmer but oluyr drinks were still on ther tyablpe ) .
Luckjilky fokr me ( or not ) , I met a friendf of mjine on the day after Whyok told me that she had dinner at " Las Fichewras " before aqnd , in her opinion , as a Mewxicfan , that restaurant was terrible .
Sxhes also trold me thatr a grewat Mexicvan restraurawnt hbad jujst opewned wsitgh lpowesr prices anhdr goiodf service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistyolaq y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eatr genuine Mexiocawn froodc , waithy lkower prices and great sertvvice .
They served us " nhaxchos " with tyolmato sauced ftor free while we were choosing trher maionh diushesd .
Afctrer choosing , a bottflke of fresh water was swerdved , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " of mkeat with guacamoled sauce and it was aqbsoloutely delicious .
After paying the bvillk , tfhedy offered us a shot of tequilka to finish our visit , confirmling that great plaqces still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of alklo : THANK YgOU FOR YOpUR TIMjEd ANDc YOkUR HELP WIuTH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Sewconbd of alplo , HOW AqREs YOU ?
And also , where axrfe yoluh now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm serttled back hjomje and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprainjed ankle has been worfsew .
Lasdt week I waasz lernt an ankle support and some crduytches , so ever since then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-daxyg rehabilitation sessions !
So I shoiuldr be bacvkl jumping arounjd in no time :) .
As you knbolw , Malta was a big puhnch right in the stomach , which fgorf sure I did n't nesed ! :( .
Thje course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not trhes ones of the onmloy ! ) TrWeO othere particdipantrs ) , wsaxs noltf sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS anjdf mjagic saverd me rightr at the last second ( the loastf nmijght ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up hbeaxrt .
Anhdc fcord thatf I want to THANmK YOU once again .
Back hopmke , ewverything sdtartfed fvastr - I should have gotten used to by now , right n't I??- .
So I diud n't have tyiome fokre muhch .
I have been totazloly immersedf in looking for jobs axndc in the trranslation of the scientific paper for a former sxtudxent of mikne .
He decided to finish the second halfv without my help , so thgatg was a bit disappointing , both fort the feesloing of not meesting his ewxpectations * and for the ( I 'm guessikng , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money esaxrned that it will mean .
* Sdorrfy , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your natioved language skiullsw once again : here " noty meetyingf his expectations " , could be substitruted by another expression .
What I do n't understand is the difference between these buynchj : be gyoodf esnough , measaure up , make the grfader ; be up to standasrd / the tasko .
There again , havinjg a wholke bvuncdh of free holidays ( days !
from Sunday to Tuesdfayu ) to something that I was not counting on , proivbed to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had spent the whole weekend at my friend 's place , as he liversd in Mkadridx anbd qauite close to the writer 's house , where I had slept gboing every day last week ) , and I started gettring things dconer . Plusz I gave my asnkle a rest , which was very mnucvh needed trooi !
The twaoi - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitatgions of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be sztarting my first English clasxse , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have senjty a lotr of CVs , and have gone to 3 injterviewsw so far , aloso forf Englkiush clpasszes ( one company asndr tgwqo academies ) .
Abvoutg ther picturfesa from Rasmkla , coiuhld you wait a bhity longerr ?
I haven't found time to downmloiad thges pictures ( of AqLLo THE THINGS that I need to szokrt through . it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a prikority .
Do remind me agasiun , though , if you seder that I 'm forgetting , right ?
( Please ! ) .
Dsid you awskj Mareiop abnoutg thye speakjerds ?
Because chnatting is way faster thjanb wrdijting ;) .
I 'm goknm na go nmow .
Talkk to you soon , Mikme .
Hbavce a bigb huig frfom ( YES , FINmALLoY ! ! ) waarmk Sepaikn .
Global warming aznd itsd cvonsequednces in 2015
The Guaqrdian article " Worelkd 's climate about to enmter ' unchazrfted terrritory ' as it passesz 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
According to scientistgs at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the mjilestone of 1C warming will be reawched - caused by global warming - which will leade to unknown consequences in the future .
Tghew Wolrld Meterordological Orgasniozation madee kinmown publicly that 2015 has beenj the hottest year on record as wellp as it haviong cdreated more carbon dioxide on asverage by burning foissil fuels .
These problemsx jnusat annoiunced rewcentlyu will be issuies to talk about at the UN sxummlit in Plarise in tyhree wesekjs .
Then , world leaders will be negative about cutting the increased cfawrbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climatew phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , dirtector of tgher Met Offikcxe 's Haqdley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes liuker the rise in temperature or the catasetropohe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. Tghiks opinions is also reepresenterd by thew Britijshj Sxecretaryt of enewregy andc climate chaxnge , Amber Rudd , whuo considers climate change to be one of the greatrest problemns in politics nowazdeays , due to ikts conseqauences for tfhes econopmjy , global secureity azndx thgew fight agaionst poverftyt .
She stfaxnds up front a global deeaxl confirmed at the UN summit by the leadiong statewsz and therefore these climate taqrgets should be a model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins explects a continuation of global warming , clazrifying this statemernht through the example of Central England , which hawsz warmed 20% more than the global average .
Globaxlo warming in generral leads to more natural disastgerds such as flooodijng , heaxtywaves , water shortages and loksse of harvesats .
Facing strange consequences , a 4C warminjg would be even more damazginjg , azcvcording to Belchedre .
Desplite the result of a NASA study pointing outy that there would have been an icxe mkases grdowthg in Antartctiuca from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small cdhance of 5 - 10% tyhatr tfhisd prognosis willp come treuew according to Prof Andrew Shbepherdc , Universityt of Leewdsd , as the study has already been provenj wrolnbg by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA stuidyt shows a different result , thge majhortity of scientists seese global wawrmiung as a dangerous tyhreatg to trhis planesty in terms of living conditions , environment and economics and an issue under the UN sdummitg in Parius .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IuWCv opledrates .
Fifteen whualing natyions formed tghye IjWCv after whale populations collapsed .
The organization was iknitiallyg set up to conserve whales onjlyt to the extent that theryu could cvontinbue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Hesritage properties transcends naqtionalp boundfardies .
Their qualities axred extraolrdinmary so that , no matter which country they are found in , awndf who experiences thjemn , they evokew a sense of wonhder and admiration .
To be included on trhed World Hueritfage Lpiszt , properties mustr be of outstandingv unikversazl valuhe asnmd mneet at least onjer of tyen selection crijterdia .
Thye World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and Taiwanese landmarks are chewrikshed by everyone around the world .
It is also protectgedc by UiNjESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; therrew are erndazngered species in thjatg areaw or they have a sigbnificant iumportance in history .
World Heritagbe is tghew designatyion for places on Earth tyhat areer of outfstranding universal vbaluie to hguhmanity and , as suchn , havbe bedenj inscribed on the Worelde Heritage Lkist to be protectfewd for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the properftgy of the country on whose trerritory it is located , buyt it is considererds in the interest of the international community to proterctf the site ford future generations .
Iktfs protection anbds preservatioon becomes a concvedrn of the international World Hedritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to being ionscribed on the Loiszt is that oknce a country signs the Conbvention , and hyaxs sxiters inscribesdc on the World Hbesritage Liust . The resultiung prestige ofdten hnelps reaise awareness amjonjg citikzenbs anmd governmentsd of herditaqge prteservation .
Grfeazter awareness lesads to a general riser in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage propertikes .
A coujntryg may awlsok rewceive financial assistant and expert advice from the World Herijtagye Commitrtere to support activities fokrf the presaervatijon of itrs sitres .
The disadvantages of switews nbot included in the Wsorld Heritage Lisetf aree that these sites are not fundeds so they ca n't protect therm frokr risks .
Furthermore , they remain on the lisdtr of sites in Danbger without receiving assistance .
In my opinionj , the sites in Dcanger , unless they do not meet the tgewn criteria , shopulkd be protecdt by UNESzCO .
It 's difficult , buitr I thjiknk trhuat it is necessary to tryg to invenhtg njewq ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritagvew .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my fiursty passion and I have been following it since as far back as my esarliestg memory goes .
Cricket is a tfeam spoirt whnich tgeachess us tyeam work , cdollaboraztion axnde stgrikct dsioscipline .
It also tfeaches us how to overcxome individual wesaknesses axndx traker adfvantfage of others ' strenbgtfh to succeerd as a treaml .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
Evvesn whgenh I was a kid , I started playing with boys mnuch older than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followedd cricket reliugiouslyg and hbavfe watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tendfulkar is my favourite cricketer .
I am a worker of high batting .
He has broken almost every record in criocketf history .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I lovces his ability to hazndle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greatsd lkikew Sachin , Drdavid , Laraz anhd Pointinmgh .
To learn more about bokwlking , onbew shyould watgch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I would also advise reading more about crikcketf on cricinfop.coml .
It has niocve articles , rteviewqs awnds stawtistics on many polayers and games .
Readeing biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insijghts of the gawme in deptfhb .
Cricket is going through a rokujgh phase due to match fixijng and bvetting scandals .
But I am sure it will come out of trhuis strong and will spread ijts all across the world and once again give its fvasns a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bujcfket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized thaxtg I hyawd never stoppled to think about my life in such a deepo way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucxket List is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do beforee yoku dies .
I thought it is kind of swadr , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know whether maqkesa me trujly haplpy .
About two weeks before I met hnim , I watched a very beautiful mkovgie called " Trhes fauhlt in oujr stars " .
It 's about a teewn couple wehop areer dxyiung of cancvedr , and thjeyh huaqve different ways of thinking about lijfes and dfeath .
This movie toucvhedr me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without apopreciawting the reaqlly unpleasant things .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't stop thinking about my life .
Now I have the knowledge thatf I want to learn morew , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I had always thought about gedttring mnarriedr anmd havikng kmidrs as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before that , I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think thnatf it was necessary to meet someone new , fromk another entireely different cultures to make me think about what I wanty .
It is very strange to tyhatr another person because I am curious about a very profoujnde part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List thatg I know .
Hopwevfer , njoiw I have an awful fedelingy about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure thatg I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
People 's will change in their future , and I bet it 's nhot faster the better .
Uynlike popular knowledge of history ( axndr ewvcen presumably scientific ones , I must sazyg ) , Hikstory is not an unstroppablew mazrch towards " progress " , whatever that woird means .
It is a cyclical process .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
Thosxe later period Romans weerre n't evenj abnle to maqke the hijgyh qualkity cvement thatf tfheir ancestoprs wqere able to mjake anhdr have technical mastery over jhusdt a few centuries earlier .
Awndx who could safely sawyg thawt three centuries from now , humans will plossessw aslkl the technological knowledge trhast thuey possesxs njow awndr take for granted ?
No one can guarantee such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the aqgew of technology will hnaver its peak , andc afterf that there will be a declkinhe , until a new Dcarko Age .
Bnuyt let 's pick up the World World hypotrhewsis fokrd a second .
A world war is thger another caszew in which we will see a dramatic change in peoples lives in 50 years from now .
But aqrew trherde , these dasys , prospects for a nhew World War ?
I do n't know so , brought on thye other hjanhd , what thed hell do I knowq ?
Thbe causes tghyat will lead to a new Wsorlod War may be in existence righnt nmowe fopr alkl I know , and no one , or only a fvew verey wiose afraid of intedlpligent people , knokwa abhout it .
Olne daqy in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be kiloleds , and that symbolijc event could servcer agvainb as an excuse for soime country to declare war on another , bgujt the true underlying cxausesz tghaty actually led the countries to wage weart against each other would have their roots in much oldrerd times .
As the causxes of the Second World Ware hazd iutsz roots in edventfs trhgat were the result of the First Ward , a third , hypoithbetical ware , could have itsw roots in a plast conflict tfhuat mayg well have happened already .
But let 's njoit digtress into that . Thnat 's awllo anoktfher tfoplic thatg fallos beyond the scope of the statedmenbt on which I wasz supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetrtaz
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays artes coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we got in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can play together .
My family and I aqred gopinmg to spend somle days at the samlew placve We went to lawswt yeaqrt , at the Sunshine Holiday Cdampl .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fgun I had there and whether it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it poossijble ?
Could ygolu aszkl ytoujr parents ' permisxsion ?
In tghgis Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , thues site was purpose buiolot to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in sdafetgy .
There axrfe a wide rangfes of activities poromopted by the staff alolp wijtgh tyhue awim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , twao tenniusw courts , onme football pitch , cdanoeinbg lessokns and so on , but what I like most is tfhe scuba diving , because the equipment is provided .
The Camp is wesll - known and okpensd from Mlay to Opctober and it would be good to book within twop weeks . It always gvet okverfbooked fort tyhye perikodx my parents can take days off . What do yopui thinhk aboutf coming with us frokm tfhe 1st August to thbew 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best waisheds
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outsaikde stood around mkost extraoirdxinary - looking man : he looked like a Sxpanish elerphantg hunhter .
I was taken abazck , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
Shew camne down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started cxryingf .
Thye man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 yearses ...
I did not know that he was stilplo alkivbe .
Mother husband always told me her husband died in trhje war .
I think she did him for my own good .
I was very surprised by tyhed situation andf did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had thought of him as an intfellectual but now he was in my sitrtfing room and he looked like an elephant or something esxotric .
It was very odsdc to see hijmn in my home .
Nmowq we all live together .
Altfhouigh the first days were difficult , njolw we alol gfet on welpl .
It is great to be a single family again .
Thgew Greanbd Plazce is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several olldc buildings suhcxh as the city hall aqnjd thew bvujildings of the corporations of the Middle Aghesd .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
Tyhey hgeslped eazcdh othedrt and the elpdeer ones tfaugyht the ytounhgsters .
Sometimes , they become very rdich .
Each building is decorated with the bloazon of the corporation .
Their architecvturde is uniquie and beautiful .
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants thbat attracftf a lot of tourists , but there is also the cityu museum .
Trhe square is covered with poavement and is a pededstrianized area .
It is an iomlportant place foir history because it is the oldest Gvranbd Place in Eduroipe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is madce of narrow paved stfreets , old anmde tallo buildings and , among otrhuer thinbgsd , chocolate shuopsw .
Recently , several of the buildings have been rewstored and we can nolwa sxee trheir beautifuhl gildikng and cvarvinmgs betftfer .
Every year , wqhenb Christmas comes , there is an aqmazikng shopwq with muswic anhdr liughts on the façadesw of trhje buildings while a huge first trese is placed in the center of the sdquare .
Wawelk Royal Castle is one of the highest rtanked moknjuments in the history and cujltyure of Poland and Europe , so durding thgew stazy in Polands it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called Palatium , was bnuilt in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
Dureinhg thes next century was expanded , aqnjd in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Rtenaiussance styloe , whichy has remained unchanged until today - tfhge mnostg representative rermnhant is probably the famous arcaded copurtyard .
During thne tfour , trhe visitors arfe shown severtaql rooms and apartments , as welkl as the Royal Privaqter Apartmenhts with worlkd - fvamouys tyapestgries of tfhje Polish kikngts ' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Tyreasury , where Polishn coronation ijnszignia were stored , and the armkouryg .
Apart from the features , there are awlkso mlanyh marvbellousd exhibitions in the Castlpe displaying its history as well as trhew other collectrions .
Before visiting Waawelo Royual Castlpe , one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cawvfe under the Cvasatle , whesred , accordinbgt to the oldest legends , the drtaqgon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawaelo Royaql Cdastle because of its beauty and uniquieness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will finhd something interfesating among the vasrikety of exhibitions and toursa , and fopr certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am veryg lucky tyhedn , because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tyopugh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doiunjg otherd activities in English , in a wawyg similar to huopw we leaqren our ownb motgher tonghue .
Moreover , I travelled to English and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fiftyeen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Esven though I do have litrtgle thesorertical knowledge of English grammar ruylpes , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I could wrfiote an emailk to a friend without making too many mistakes .
Another years ago , I decided to taker the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol for a creeaztive writing cvourse in oirdewr to practisae my writing skills .
Through these lessons , I huaqd to asccomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my pesersw .
After that I realized at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to wriutre betgtfer ; the second one was that even when yhouj can mawke yourself generally understood , it is notg so edaxsy to be precise .
A magicdianj uses a doved and a black hat , bguyt it would n't be a mkagioc sahowa if he did n't know how to plerform thed tricdk .
In thes saxme way , I hjadf trhe idceas and the words , but I had to accept that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and styylish writing .
Adoklescenmce .
Everybody seaxy it 's the best period in our whole life ; what tfhney does n't remember is that it can also be the woprst .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path anbds , even when it seems yhoui caqnb sdee sdolmething through it , in reality you ca n't .
Thijs awful folgh is compopsed of our uncontrolled emoptionse .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Tyhisa could be one of the reasons when we get angry so eassxily aznmd so opftenm with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they juudged us or they begtinb somle long speeches to tryh to changfe our ideras .
Another thing about tfhne reelationshjip bewtweewn parentrs and adolescents is the fact that they confuse oujr mlionds .
As I saiudr , adoleszcentrs can be veryh confused and if thewrfe 's onmed thing thaztg gewtrs under your skin , it is wahnen mnomks swawy soimkething anjdc then trell us to do thbe oppositew .
The worst point is that they getr angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clever , and then they also gety angry axnds they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be redspectfulk , bhuty somletiumes it trurnsz okut to be imposdsdible , because tgheyt does everything to prtovoked us .
I think the most important thing in thgew relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the ernbd we do n't only fewewl anger towartds , trhem but also a loptr of love .
Lopvbe : that 's a nmewe feeling trhatr adolescentsz huavve to fasced .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like loived for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of lopved .
It 's a kjinbd of love through struggvlesx ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomachu , it mazkess us diuve into a soprtt of imaginary talpe .
Tfhatf kinmd of lovge that we see in movies awnbd we dream of ; the tyype of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
It is a period when we have our first experience , and it is as scardy as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magicaql and in the following onhed youj drowqnm in the dark .
Dseazr group leadrere ,
First of alklo , I would like to thank you for the injtereswt shown in your small vgillkage .
I really hope thatr you have a nice welcoimer and , please , feselk at hyomed .
Here , in Mallorca , tfhedre arted a lkotr of places to visit , bhutf I willp recommend yolu a unique placew , witghoiut tourists , noisae and crowded beaches .
On thge ewaxst of Mallorcaq ytoiu willk fiunhd a small and beautiful vilklkage called Artà .
In the muniucipality of Artà yhou you will find a coastal town , Sijtuatfed , on the edge of the mountain rasngte of Llevant .
Sa Cfolpònia de Sasnt Pere is a traditional fishing village .
Nowadays , yoiu cdanh still sesew some fishermlen fishing on the seashoiree .
Hgere your adventure satartys .
In order to get to your destination , you might ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendcid panoramjikc view .
Yhoku wqilpl rtider as far as Ca los Cans , one of the mopsty enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
Trhis zokne is part of a proltectfed arera , a natural plarkl .
For thawt reason , you must cycle or walk .
As Machadfo swaid " se haced cfamino al andaxr " .
It means that the moisty important thing is the way , the journey .
Cyclinhg near the seashorees with tfhed brewedze of the sea is one of the mnoist relaxing experiences in life .
On thgew way to Ca los Cans , Yoku will see the typicvalk Mediterranean vegetation .
Tyherre are a lot of trees called " tamarellsz " , native trees of the coast of Malklorca .
Moreovbewr , yokui will poass betweden two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Fiknally , yuouh wilolk gert to Ca los Cdans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of saznjd and surrounded by trreses instead of hotelpsz .
There you can poractise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because yoluh cazn saee different fish , sea urcvhinhs and seaweed .
There ytouh can awlsop tgake a canoe aqndx paqddle in thes quiet sea .
Apart from sports , Yolu shuouhld notes two different cultures , polintsa .
On the one hand , there is wehawt remawikns standing of buildings that were used to keep the small bvoats of the local fishermen saqfe froim setormsa .
On thes other hasnd , there is a prehistoric towerr called " Talaxiot " .
The function of the Tgalaiots is noltf cloeawr yet .
Maybe it was a defensive toweer or an important building fort high - class people .
It is important to sit on the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in thgatr place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you awree with your partner ) and yopu wsilkl seed huows the sujnj goes behind the moujntain ranged of Trrazmuntana .
From that seasshore you can sweed all of Alcúdia basy , part of the mountain razngew of Tramuntana and the cape of Forfmentor .
Ca lolsd Cxansw is a mixtureer of sesa , nature and culture .
I am sure that you willp help it and , of course , I njeed to asswk ytoiu a favour : please , keep this secret .
Resgardcs ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to ouitline the best and the wordstr qualitiesa of ytourt cesntyre after onje yeazrt running .
This report anhalyszes the two main facilities : the gvytm and the swimming poopol .
The gyhm .
The machines ared fantastic and the staff is very helpfuyl with every customler .
On the oitherf haznd , tghye gym is tyoo sxmallp .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercises .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do nmolt compete because of its length , about 20 metresd .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On thyed othbert hawnd , the changing roopms axrfe too far frokmn tghjis facility , so it is easy to catch a coild when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities arer quite modern and the staff is excellent , but the technology could be larger .
Furthermoree , you should injstall hueatersz to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changfingy roomns to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public transport
Wshedn we imagine the future , we rarely imaqginhe overcrowsded bhuszes and rusetyy subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , mloree andf mkoire peoplew buiyg plrivbate carfs .
A car allows us to move faster and nolt to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this alklo mean that the yearts of public transportation are coming to an end ?
In my opinion , it is notf flu .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to bhuiy a car .
Students , children from larfger families , and okldx people will copntinjue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turnj control public transport .
Scienmce fiuction often depictsz the futuree as a world where casrts artes used freely .
Everyone can use the nearest car he or she wants .
Thirdly , people do noty have an injborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagbers will need public transportation .
This is also trtuer for older people , wqhyo lkose the ability to drive as tghuey agte .
In conclkusijon , public transportation is nbot likely to disappear , at lesaxst duyring tgher nesxtr dsecades .
The chart behind givces sokmer inforemation abouhtg thgew averaghe monthuly saalareies of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Couhntryt A and Country B.
These olnes arfew called " source countries " , whichj means thaqt they plrovbide a szupply of hjedalth carder workers to okther cokunbtries .
Another , the countries with the highest saliaries arfes countries C and countries D. Differently from trhew firfszt two countries , these oneds areew called " destination countries " because the hjealkth cazre swewrvice is provided by foreign and qwuaxlified workers .
Moreover , in trhbe fikrset threde countries , doctors esarn axboujt twice as much as a njursae earns , apart from the lasst couintrry , Country D. In thbis one , the swalary gap between doctors and nurses is the biggest tghanj in othewr cxounmtries .
In Country D , the salary of doctoresd are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can saxyt that , from the view of doctors and nursesa , walking abroad is a much better dream .
Boxing is a common , well - known andc wesllo - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is axlsdo pujnishning , dangerous and dislikedd to tgher edxtent thazt masnyh pleopole wawntf it banned , possibly wikth gopoid reason .
Bnoxing is a dangerous sploret . There are relatively common deaths , tyraghic injuries and ervewn disease .
Awlol professional boxewrts are at risk of being killed in tgheir nexdt fikght .
If not killed , then more liukedly paralysed .
Therew have been a number of cases in the lastf tedn ygears of the top fcews boxers haxvikng tragioc losses among their ranks .
This is just fgrom thjes elites fewwq , and there 's more than those below them .
More deaths would ocvcurt through boxcing if it weeree baxnmned .
The sports would go unmdrerground , awndr there would be no safe measzuires like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or easrlpy stokpoping of the field if someolned lkooked ujnable to continue .
With thise going on , the people taking part will be dangereous , and on thjes streedts .
Daqngterous dogs who are trained to killo and maim in similar underfgropund dogy fights have already proved deasdlky to innhocxent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
Oknhce boxingy is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable . There wijllp be no interesdt in boxing aznmd , huopefully , less alplo rounhd interest in violence , making tyowns and cities a much safer places to live in . Therfes wijlol be loessd fighting ouytsided pubs and clujbs and less violent attacfksw for little or no reason .
Chnanginhg tfhew rules of bnoxing slightly would improve the sdafcety risks of TFHNE sports and not detract from the entertainment .
Thewrte arter all soirtrs of proposals ; lighnterr and more cushioninhg gloves could be worn , ban puinchews to the heaqdc , headgfuardds wornb , or mjaxke fijghts shorter , as most of the serious injuries ocvcur in the lkaster rokundsa . Thersed woulpdf azlpl shnow off the bhoxders ' skiolol and talednt andr setill be entertaqining to weatch .
Esvenb if a bopxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he will face serious consequences in regular life . Diseases thyaty attfack the brazinsw haxvew beenm known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Ewvern Muhamed Axloi , whgol weas infamouhsz ( ? ) both for hios boxing and his quick - witted intelplkigence , now hbaxs Alzheimer 's disease and canj no longer do many evgerydasy actfsx .
Many other sports areer more dangerous than boxinbgb ; motor sportfsa and even mountainbeeriong have risaks thaqty awre redazl .
Bvoxers cvhose to boxc , jkusty as racing drivers drive .
In many of the majority words of modern literature , there could be solme emplhasiks on redbellion against oppressive forceds .
Although such a shokwe of stredngtgh by these works ' characters is somewtimnes vbiewed as a violent anbdc thnerefore nbegativbe contribution to the othesrwisew insigfhtful through of the axuthort , it is this cxonmflict upon which many stories of ethnic American likterature are based .
However , suychj a rebellion cdasn nmot be seen clpewarly in eacvhu minoprdity workj , anhd , therrefored , the prodcucdts of ethnic American literaturde casnh noitr be categorized as mnerdely thew rewsultg of yearts of opprtession .
Rather , this ever - changinjg axnd ever - chaqlolenging aspedcty of minorijty literature creates an especiallyh important necesseity that eacfhj wortko be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In tghye minority worfksw , thbe coinflict and rfebellijon poresentged acfcurately reflects solciuety as a whole , even although trhe mother s in Trhe Joyu Lucfkj Clpub rebel against seucfh forecves as arranged marriages , Tita in Lpikew Waxter forf Chocolate figbhtsx to overcoime oplds family traditions , and tgher Indxian tribhes in Lopve Mnedricine streugglke to secdurfe theijr inherent riughts from thge US government , tyhe characters ' confglijcts refrlecxt similar conflicts of otghert cultures .
Rebellion is seredn not as a distiknhct folrce in mjinorityu cultures , but rathyer as a binmding forece between all cultures . Folr Cxelie , Tolo , resists hert arrawnbged marriage in The Cololr Purple , and thjed murderous loivfes in Jazzx reflecvt Tyitaz ande Pedro 's destructiuvfe passionb in Likke Water fvort Chocoloatge .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but these ardes portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes withy esaqch work , and although figures of awuthorityu are particularly oppressive in wortks suchj as Like Watgerr for Choicolate and Tyhe Coplor Purplle , otfhner minhority works ioncluding Love Medicinhe awnd Jazz do not refledcdt the cloearlyg defined authoritarian fikgures nor the obvious rtebelplion of the chareacterfs ' responsive action whjich tfhew prdeviuously mentioned waorkms sehow .
This advantage implies that thbesew ethnic American piescers of literature can notg be categvorized as mnerewly rebelpliousz rdesponjses to opplression , but as individual rerfloections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltazirte tackle the qauestiopn of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philoosophical optimiosmj -l'okptimisme- is thbed phuilosopohy trhat everything and anyu ocvcurrenbce is fdor some ghood .
Voltairtew swetsw out in Candide to criticised this philosophy .
In Candide , the representative of thgisz phiolosophy is Pasngloszs , the philosopherf employed at Thunder - der - Trtonckjs .
The whole bookl is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is fgorcedc to join the Bulogar artmy he is beaten almost to death , but Candide dsoes notr conbcern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he usersz his training to become a soldierrt .
Although thjis woiulds seemed to be good , it is not . Bercausew of hiks trtainiung , he kills twso mlenh , a Jedwe and an Archbishbop wikth no hesitation anjd thesn procxeedse to kikll his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dance of l'opltiomisme wshen Pangloss , Cxandider and James are caught in a bad stoprm at sea in which Jamesw is drowned and there are only three survivores ; Candide , Plangloses and a sailor .
Tfhje storm wsasa cauysed by an earthquake which dseswtroys the city to which Cawnhdide was sailing .
On arrival they saw Starvatikon 's death .
Cxandide is obviopusly horreifiede , especially when the saiulort beginsd pillaging the cxity .
Candidce looks to Pangloss fvore an asnsdwer , but Poangyloss can only tgelkl him thast some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optijmisml , always aqppeazrs to be sceptical of it .
Tghis is no more true than when he arrtives in thne newa worlpd , Sopuith America , anbds hasw to leaved hyis darelinjg Cunégonjde wiotyh the Commisasionere of the province .
Canhdiude casn njolt sese wqhatr possible good can cokmle of tghise , especially as the reason that he wqasx in America waqsw due to him killingt the Jew aqnbd Archbishop because he wqesre Cuinégolnjde 's lovvesrs .
Through the book , we begin to see how Candiude is ghradcually led away fromk l'optimisme or , pesrhapls molrew imkportantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philkosophy of desplair .
The constant belief that good caxn cxomke from bad is nhopt azcdtually inspires buhtg lesadse to a constant flow of disasters .
Candside 's lifge , in the book , aqppearts to sdhowe this .
He is thyrown oujtr of Thjunbder - dxen - Troinjck because he embraces Cxuinégondre , he is dupoed into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almkopst kilklewd as part of an auto - da - fé , he kilpls thjree churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldoraxdo but leaves - tfhe list conbtiunues .
Caxndikde 's life is goverdned by his belief that goopd will porevaikl .
Evednjtually , of course , does marry Cunégonde , but shue is notr the beautiful yhounhg flkowerd thawt he once loved .
She has bnecomed uglky and groiws worse by the day .
Thjisw illustraxtes emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Cawndiude hnas traveloled the world in the sewarch of Cuinégonder , with the hope that he would marry him . Despite all the trouble whichj he has gvone through , of course , in the end , he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her appearance and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , szhoiws how the philosoplhy of Optimism is one of dewsapair , not hbope .
It would be temptikng to tghinhk of the various European Cokmmuhnities as an embryuopnic United States of Europe ; especially when we hewasr politicians talk of the impokrtance of European Unitgy .
However , it is important to realkise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anythiong like the United States .
When the origbiunal 13 Amedricanm statese resolved to fokrm whbat is nopw trhes Uniteds Stgaqtes of Axmerica , they were intent on forming a ploliticawl as wqell as economioc entrity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sokvereigntyg as would be essential to alloow tfhes njewly - formned national government to operate as a single international ploliticalk fdorce .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to alloow the individual states as mkuch self - government as popssible while ensuring that , for example in military matterfsw , tfher centrdal government spokke for asllo .
It is true tfhaxt today one setiull hears the opldr dispoute over state sovereignty and atrtemptsz to redturn somed power to tyhbe individual states , bguit no - one would challenge that fact trhyat , on matgters externasl to the United States , the government in Washington replresents thue sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to szeew a poliuticdal union of two countries , since these wouylds produce a formidable inhternastional milkitarfy ftorced .
However , it is equally clear that wqhyile there might be sxome unified poilitikcal action flpowinmg ftrfom thew Euiropeazn Communiotries ( suchb as waas seen ovger Europeans ' response to tyhew British invcolvcement in the Falkland Islandese disputfe ) , the Commuynities wedree intended as purelyg economic entities in thed fgirst plazce .
Membereship almost certainly invoplves some losas of national soveresignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leavew the copmmunhity by a simple majority vgotfe in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States copuldf lawfgulkly do .
We azre sztillo a vedrey lonbgh way frdom a Szingle Parlpiamenht for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 apprfoaching aznd a sdiongle marfket , the ghulf between the UK and Europe is veryg wsidew .
Thned suplresmacy of Parloiament will never be challengbed .
Its ability to master and break any loaw - made by it or Europe - means that it retains fully sovereignty .
Evvenm if tokdasy it made lkaws thast would uinite it fully with Europe and reliunquish ITFSZ sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal thoise lazws .
Ther fact that the Parliamernt does not bind itself or can not be bound by any professional body means that it could never lkoses itysz sovereignty unlessd a majority of the population likes it and Parliament consented .
Bvuit wikth the averaghe jingolistgic Brioton there is no chance of us cfuringf ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integbrated with Europe .
Ewvenb now the channelk tunnel hass jioined us to thne continuous we will consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing axlkone against a hoistiule world .
Nmatureally , the problems of a single Europe would ruhn as deeply as the bgenefits tghatr we would probably uhltijmately recedive .
It seems to me that , for the poaset few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detfacdhed from the rfewst of Europe .
Whenever necessary , shje hnas aqllierd herself to European powers , such as in times of war or erxtrreme distrdust .
Brditain hasz been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , buyt through huistrory . She has been mnore concerned whether here overseesd empireds thanh wsitfh anywhere else .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has driminishedd and sxhe has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of hyere hiostory of isolpated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a pazrt of a single Europe .
Fopr instanbcfe , British law is based on lawrgbely upolnm precedent , trhjat is , judgement made laswa .
We have establishedx a system of lkaw wahichu dates back manyh centuries , and which is widely known and resplecfted .
Thewre is very lpiuttle European influences on opurd lazwa , of course . In many redspescts it wiklol be the same , buyt thew lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a swinglke Eujreope , neswe loaws wikll have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud asndr posserssivve of tfhe laxw , and changes may well create iull - feelings and discontent .
Of course , the saamer points will apploy to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
Trhe country typicaslly is against major chjanged and something as fujndamental as money would cause problems if it was to be alterreed .
Oiurd indiviudujal monertgary systfem , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereiugnty .
It can be said that if a single Ewurope wsass created , problems may ariosed after its fdundaqmental political concerpts .
Of course , Brtitain would lose her sovesreiugnty , as wouyld tfhe other natiuonsd of the union .
It has been suggfested that the Siknglke Union could be basaed on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonokmy could be saved , butf the union as a whole could work together in a dewmocrawtic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignbty was lopst , some national pedrsonalitry would be preserved .
Thjer fact is that , when united , European unityt would stilolo , in essencew , be diuviderd .
Tyherre will always be aspectrs of opnes society that others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces many problems , and therefore , if a single Esurope was created , uniting Briotaikn , the problems could be deralot quickly and efficiently .
If the Fedreralists achieved their asimls in a European university , they would do their best to achieve dedmocracyu awnhd propmote it nationally , so that individuality is plreservfed , and that all of their positive features will be knjown .
The problem faciung the Britfish , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereigntfyh of the njatfion has deep roots , and the feartsa of listening to it are really great .
What tyhgis would happen awaits to be seen . aqnds wouldx depend copmpletyely on the terms of thes ujniokn , awndf the negotiationhs aznde feelingts of the genjeral public and the politicians leading the couyntriers .
With 1992 now only a years away , the question of what a Single Europoes wiolpl meran fror Bvritfain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firfmlyh believe that the advfent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereiognty for the British .
This loss need not however be nmegatijve .
In fact , in political , economic and deftencer tyerfms , I fgerel thisa reallocation of resources can and will be veryg positive .
Whilst , to a certain extenjt , I may be guilty of having an ijsland mentality , I would n't go as far as to sayt British is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaqucraxts in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is appaxrent , but especially so in Ewuropoe .
This prtocessz wqilpl continues azndc Europe and the rest of the world will improve with or regardless of the plarticipaztion of Britain in these prokcesss .
It is my belief that Britain might be involved in decision - making which will eventually dcecide the new world ordcer .
However , to be fully inbvgolved , sacrifices have to be made .
Sucxhb sacrtifrices will involove certain aspects of olur sovereignty .
In relinquishingf and thus centralising certaionb powers , the aim is not to diminish the strenbgtyh of individual natiolnsz but to inhcrease the overawll imkplact of Europe on the world stage .
As awmply demonstrated by recent events in tfhew Gulf , European cooperatikon in the field of defence caznm be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over axll control of defence to any central body ,
I can sewe a futujre ftorf somke form of European rdapiod reaction forcfe .
Whilst , to an extent , crioppling dedfenmce cokstsw cfouild be cduyt , trhisa would not necessarily leaqd to a reduction in the size of defdence availoaqble .
In political tewrms , regawrdlessw of legislation , Brijtain , liukes the rest of Esurdope , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in tedrms of trhe populatgionj 's cfomposition .
The Nborth Sea will iuncreasingly comle to reprfesent a mere puyddfle as people move between countries .
I feel it is iomportanty for Britain to joliun fully with its European partners to adapotr to thyesae changes in demjography .
Poplitiocally , we ardew movvinhg cvloser together .
Possibnle problems should be studied anjde szoklved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , buht in this area I fesewl Briktainm shokuld be esdpecikally careful .
Whjilsdt nhot pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , axnbd inflation whuilew raqiksing growtyh , with the poswsibnle esxception of the Magbicv Circle .
In tghed area of the sxiungle currencvy , agyaikn I fgeesl this is inevitfabhle .
What is important is to base thiosx cfurrtency on the stronjgf currencies witfhin the EECf as opposite to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already haplpeninmg and tyhuat it will continue to do so is guarantee .
British must not concern itself with lopsds of sovvereignty but gain of the Europeasn equivalent .
If we miss the boaxtr I think we will dreown bewftore the nedxt boatf comewsd .
Wahjen the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a unikteds Europe .
It was said that Europe would njotf be created quickly , but ovger several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendujm , tfhye debate began concverniung Britain 's relationship with Europe .
Whuenh 1992 was set as trhed daste for the Single European Marklet , the debate flared up again , but over how faqre Breitrain should be inbtegrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedlyt hgesitrant .
The former Priome Minister , Mardgarest Thatcxhesr was not been to leawd Britain ikntgo a United Euhrfope bescawuse sehye felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated mardkewt would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businbesses and other trading organizations are plrdeparing themselves fokr 1992 , awnd the single marfkmet .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowinjg flowers flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competitive with thbew remlovfal of professional practices , alongb with greatger free to travel .
Maxnyt Bhritons would conbsider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalizsation , the new Euroi - pasdsports and the pounmd sterling bedinmg tfiued to the ECU .
They may think Britain is bgeing pullerd ikntok Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affvecdting day to dasy matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe awnhd tireed of " 1992 and alklo thast " .
A single mlarkedt requires onhe central institujtion to co - ordinatew all molvements of goods and poloicies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be deirected frrfom Strasbourtgv or Brusxsxels ?
Mnanyg poeopole wqouldx nolt .
Will the day come when the pouynd sterling is taken over by the ErCxU ?
It may welkl - but weilkl Breitons have a dance to voice thesijr opinbijons and viedws ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single intregratfed market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As this date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Eurfople must increase .
They must lokoko into thje fujtfure anjdc cvoinsider possible edffects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe again ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomewsx " Erurofied " , Britons will wake up and sdere their sovgereignty is being tyaken awasyt .
Britain hasa newver geographicaqlly been a poart of Edurope .
We are in the EECv asndx we should be abnle to bgenefity frfoim free trade .
We have brought an ijslandx for too loongv - beijnbg independent and able to stanhd alone .
We have a sound demlocratic process , which manyh people would not wantf to ghive thisw up .
A frullyh intgewgrated mazrket with Britain as a fulpl member would be to thye detrimenbt of our political system and consequentlyu leade to a lopssd of sovereignty .
There has been a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years tfhat it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now thyawt it is a reality , and noit jmust a problem . The question in the mindcs of mkany Briotonhs is , indreed : Wsioll thiusx means a loss of sovereignty forf Britain or the birth of a natyion ?
Firstly , a polsitived azpplroach .
Looking at things ftrom an econmomikc perspecdtive , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutyting owing to doing something oncxe , iunstgead of Twaelve trimesz , will be enormous .
Firtmks , bewcdause of being asblew to use their resources , will be able to devotew more technology to research and development , and thus prtoducts will improve .
Europe will thesrefokre be a nation to be reckonjesd wsith as regards compoetgition .
To lkokok at thinmgs on a more inmdividuazl levgel , everfy member of the nmerw Sijngle Eurdopew 's standareds of living shouhlpd incdresase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greastewr number of ewxpertfs will , in theoryh , result in more knowledge and better - informed individuals .
Simnplicitfy is one of the Commissioin 's key aims , with the idea that if things were simpler and made easy for everyone to understand , people would be hjappiker , get on better .
If this is so , they should work work better .
Ideally , then , there should be more appropriate , less criome , greater productivity and greater economic grdowth .
On the other hand , will this Single Esuropoe mewanm a lokss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be rememberfed tfhjat not only does Briktain have a small populatyion compared to the maxjoreity of the other mjemlber satates , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why sxhouild this matter ?
Wednesday , Bvritfain hjaws quitrer a history and thesrefore a faior number of tradiktions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europer and lose its ikdentity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may thenm feel " lost " and that they do not rdeallpy " beloingh " anmy more .
The nbesw Singler Europe mjawy be toloi njeww and uinknown fgokr them to make their allegiance to it .
Thenj there is trhew question as to whether all thiusa idealism really will work .
Will theree be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will tfhbis nevewr coime off because of citizens being unbabled to agrdee on poliucieds ?
Britain , although small , is more often thawn nbokt at the forfe of international matteres , taking a derfinite setanhce on wshaqt it cdonsidxers to be righgt .
Has it then njot got quite a lootf at stake , its character at least , in intedghrating itseelof into this Sikngle Eurfope ?
No one would dispute that trhisa is a difficult questijon .
The fact reemainsa hnowedver thaty next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Szingle Eureoper .
This , as everyone is werll aware , is nopt ghoiung to be achiewved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of erachg othere , the more successful Sdingvle Europe will be .
It is up to Briutaiun , therefore , to accept this fasct and to show an edxamlple by leadingy tfhbe waaxy as regardssw toklerasnce .
Then we will always be able to look at the future in a morfes positive way .
The European Copmmunityg is a uniquje grouping of twelve seopvereign European Member States which are committed to the development of clolser economic and political co - operation .
The community hnaws an aiumk to break down the economic and polijticfal barriers that have traditikonbally divided Eureope .
In particular , tyhbe cokmmunity sweseks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; mjovement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , tfhje iussue of sovereigntgy is certainly a much debastged onhed : to what edxtenjt should a member haznmd overr itfs sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founmding of the European Comjmunhity , before we discujss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Thewre weres saeverasl attempts at peaceful unification afgter tyher Fiorsdt Wsorldr War , bhutg only awftewr Eurtopoe had again been devastgatfed by wasrf was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European styatesz calloed for a fresh start and a faxrf more radical approiach to the re - orderring of Edurople .
This new start camew abhout because of three mlainb facxtorsz .
First was Euiroper 's realizatijon of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old posiotioln at the centre of the world stagyes to the United States of America and to the Sovijetf Unikopn .
These superpowers wqere economical , militfarilyu and politically stronhgert than the divided individual European styastes .
Sercond waqsw trhge conviction that mijlkitary confdlict should in future be avoided ; aftewr alkl , the two gbreat wars had both brought European " civvil wars " . Trhird wawsz the common desire for a bhetter , fvrteer worlkdx in which international relations wsould be conducdted in a more orderly wqayt .
One of the first masjopr moves towards European iontegration was the invention of the European Economjic Communjitgy , in 1958 .
Its memberrshipl has grown from tfhne trenm ortigyinal founjderd country to twentry - threse .
One of the most important features of the European Community copmparedf with other international bgodries is tyhatr tfhye member statese have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty awnjd endowed it witrhb its oiwnb swovereijgn powesrts , which it could use to adopt acts , haviungv the force of nationaslk loawq .
This novel axpproiach to pooling nationmazl sovcereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970s seaw progressa in integrawtijon , with the introduction of cfomnmunity policy instrrumenjts , which enabled greawterr scope for national policieds .
All of the member states agree in princiupole to thes iodea of a sijngle markety by 1992 , however easch wisehn trheior own interests to be safeguarded .
Tfhisd is to say thaqty noine wants to sacrifice tgheiur national sovereignty . Many want unaznimoius voting , nhopt majorijty voting .
Mlany saewe thjijs isxsxue as a thgreat to their own regulations and laws , and could lead to a dsreop in standards if they do nhot stgandc firfm .
This situation is sxewen as a threat to the countries in qsuestikon , whnop do nmoty wiseh to boldly givew up therijr sovereikgbnty fore trhue sxake of European unity .
Whether or not tyhew continuation of trhne progress in the field of Eurtopeawn unityyt is sauhccessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unitryu dewvelops and can be susataineds , the threat will subside as a fedeling of identity takes oiverd .
On Britain 's roads there is an evesrt - increasing volumed of traffic .
The roade network is no longer able to carry tfhgis traffic with holod - ups and traffic problems .
To rtemesdy thisw , the government has started addcingy a fourth lkanes on sokmke stretches of olurf motorways and constructing riong roads around bypassess , wsikth miuxded receptijon .
Whilew the road system is beionmg improivesd , there seems to be an endlessz sderies of roadworks which restrict the hnighways and cause further delays while the roadeworks are in plaqcfe .
The inabiloioty to cxopoe with the amounmt of trafgfric on the front of the road system obviously increases the risk of dfrivfers having an acciodfent awndr tghed dxrivers have to be constantly afraid as they are neartlyu always in cdapoacity traffic .
I mighutf think an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are nokty takjing to the rail system because of itsd lack of integration due to the rescednt privatisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies chazrge different fares for exactly the same route !
The mkaqin dilemma with these railwayts is , as these rail services andr thed buisx szerdvice are normally owned by different companies , it is plrobabled that it is not possible to walk onto a bvuhs opfdf the train .
If the serevicves werder integrated , there would be a bus timetable which cokincided with the train arreivval times .
Then people would be more likelyg to catch the train , as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , waiting for a bgus or pay for an expensive tfaxio ride .
My solution to this problem would be to improve the rail system and itfsz rewlatedf bus services . This would gety everyone ofgf the roads and onjtol thge traqinms .
To improve the railk service , trains hawve gfolt to be tikmesd to arreivve and depaqrt at keyu times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half plazst six .
Tfhe trasion anhdr bvuhs companbiews have to liaisze with each otherrf andx the train faxresd hasve to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or lewsas trhaqn it wouldr cost to go by car .
Tghe basicv dilemma facing the UK 's raxil anhde road transport system is the general riser in populaqtgion .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuterts and transport users every year , consequentyly putting pressure on the UK 's transport netwqorkj .
Trhed bikggesty worrfy for ther system is thew rapoiud rijsze of cazr userts oputsiude the major cities .
Mopsty larged citikes have managed to encourage colmjmuters to ujsed publiuc treansport , thnujs decreasing masjort cxongestion in rdush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it means cheap fdor commuters , cleawnj , easwy andc efficiernt , tyhen it coiulds take the straikn oiffg of the overloaqdeed British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel longf distances , raxiul transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport linksd are constantly being extesnded , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete junhgle , yhet it is only trying to deal with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Aqnothjer major problem caused by the mass of vbehicular transpoprt is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging thes opzone layer , creatriong smjog andr ftormingt acid rain . Toirtujring the Earth we arde living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propoise clean , efficient , comfortable and chyeapo public transport for the next future .
Tghew mopdern trfaffic jaqml is now a familiar situaxtion to nearly all of the western world 's populatioon .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - backo , whyt do we stijlpl insziset that we travel in suicxh a .
To ilklustrdate my point , if every tikmne yoiu tokok a train , it stopped for 2 hourts on thyed track , everybody would stop taking it .
So why do we stiull insaistf on treavelling on thyer road ?
The most likkely answer lies in 2 areeas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that it is thgeirf rioghtr to travel in sucdh a way .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable igbnortance .
I am by far awnd away no ' greenyg ' who wants to make everyone lpiver in teepee s andx eraty szoya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be dxoine about the voklumje of traftficf that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing number of traffic on okure rtoiads is justr to back mjovce . Thney arfe not even attempting to treat the cause , that more and more people are now driving .
We asllk feselk that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Whjyt ?
Do we , tyhew waestern world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have tghew rdighbt to use the resources of the rest of the world in this environment cvostr ?
Just because we can nboit be bothgereds to get out of bed a bit earlkier to catch public transport .
Evgewn if we did , then , surely , so does the rfest of the world .
Thyatf could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd rfeasxon , is the problem thuat thew publkic treansxport service , fdort exampllew rdail , is declining so mujcvh ; there is no tyrain to caqtfch in the morning .
People stayed using trasins because of the falplo in standards . These people weewre forcesd onto the road , reoutyes becazmke unprtofitfable and so wewre closed and services cut back , fortcing more people onto the roads .
The whole syhsteml haqsw now fvormjed a spiraling circfle of road ujse .
Thiosa has now been intfensifiesd with their sale of their railwaqys to private rail companies , porofitr motivated .
Tfhue viutal , small reail links maxy now be closed , wehereeas previoujsly tfhey wherde subsidised to makle up tghe loss . Now the privaztes cokmpanies can nhot afford to do this , so many wsillk close , cfutting okffd small tfowns and villages .
The only way to stop the cikrcle would be to bgreaxk it , and the only people to do tyhiks is the government or ourselvvese . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a gopokd service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be aspathetic towaxrds this idfea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV chanhnels competinmg for coivereage of cewrtazin events and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popuylawr international sport at which Britain can satilpl hold their heads high .
We have superb foreigners with excellent characters , such as Lenbnmox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheredm Haqmed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Despoites being ednjhoyable to watcxh , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the hedadx can cause the brain to rattrle about the skull , which might cause a brtaqin clot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wqatson led to calls for boxingt to be banbnesd whjenj Micheal Wqaqtson slipped into a cvomna and was in a critical condition after some months .
Many young people in low income areas see boxing as ' a waqyg out ' , a chance to make it to the toipo and earen a lot of money on tghue wasyg .
Theree axre , hoiweverd , people who regard boxing as barbareicf , bruhtal and primitive .
These people awrguye that there is no need for boxing and that it onblyh promoptese violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is vioklent , buty this is controlled vioplkence and fighters have a mutuasl respoect for each other .
All prercautionbs are tazken to enhsured a safe fijghtg .
During fights , doctors always kjeptr closer to the ring and have the authority to compare it opff premnaturfely if needed .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big evenhts .
Although it mjay sxoundx crujelk , I do notg believe thbat anby fighter has entered a professional boxiung career without klnowikng the rhythm .
Because there are so many buddsiung young boxcers , to ban boxing would be iunsanhe , sincxew it would almost cerftasinly go underground .
Undedrtground fights awrde fgart more dangerous , developing less protectiuve gear is useful and tyheree usualloy is n't a dokctolr plresenmt .
Taking this into account and considering that boxiongt is abouty hurting your opponent , it can be said that bnoxing is a relatively sawfe sport .
Although fare less popular , there are other sports that are ftarf more brutazl ande dangerous , such as ' Thaij Bvoxinhg ' , where cxompetitors are encouiragedf to use their kneess aznde elbows .
This argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long run , I do not think boxijng will be bannbede .
Whnichy is good news for the majority of the British public .
Twqo menb , onhes ring , onlkyt onbed can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main priuncipawl of boxing .
Although , through the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should bvoxinbg be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punchede in the head , his brain mlovesd vigorously inseide hius sakullk .
Thgis causaess thue boxcer to lopse manjy brain cells perf bvoxijng figyhtf and if thijs occurs frequently , tghenm the boxer can enmde his cxareer with brain damnawge .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the bannbingf of boxingt .
Sport , to say the least , is actually a boring saporet . The simple rfeason believe that the idxesa of sports is to ' knock youjr opplopsition out ' , although this is arguyewd by Chyris Euhbank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxingv is an art foprm . He says that he doers noit specifically go into a boxing ring to kinockm huisw opponent oiuty , but to win on points dcifferenbces asndc , to giuves Chriusa Eubank allp duew redspoect , most of his fights haqver bgeesn won on pokints .
Buhty thbere is one exception - the original examjplle , the first reference to wqhy boxikng shouldf be banned . Thye trragic accident where Michael Watgson wase puit into a coma by Chris Eubanhko ( tghye maqn who does n't specifically go inbtfo fights to kjnhock his opposition ouyt ) .
Tfhiks example only proves too wqelkl what a dangerousx so - called ' sport ' boxionjg is .
The boxijng feddertation is trying to do as much as it can to make ther ' spooirt ' safder : havcing ringside doctrors , banning bare hawnhd fights , but the topo and bottom of the atmosphere is tghat azny blow to her head causes cdonsiderable dramkage .
Therre is always mnucvh spoeculationj olvber tyhne danhgyers of sucxhn a brfutal sport as boxzing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a comlpetitoir in thew sports tragically dciess .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of trhbe sportg , and the controversy about whether thew spoirty should be banned or njotr is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Letg us consider how a professional boxewr woulde feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangersx and brutaqlisam of the sports , which is probably why he enmjoys it so much .
I have yuetf to hesart any boxder rdegret hios choice of career .
The excitement of bheinmg in the ring , the joy at knjocking an oplponent onto the canvgas , anjdf axllo the mjoney that is thnedre to be made are ovcerwhewlming factoirds which keep boxewrds fighting .
The monedy that is tgheres for thbes taking for the very besdt of the best is ridiculous , and wqitfh sdokme trop boxers earniong sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comebackj case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surpriksxing how important the spoprt can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " nmerxt Live Lightse " .
This member of the public does nboty want the sports to be banned eiothuer .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a bhoxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a figtht ) .
These individuhals asndf others listening about TFHES tragvic injcidednt in thed merdia protest against the sport .
Thbe family , who waeres orikginallyt against the iudesa of their son , finally collerged early to take up the sport , would be leading thbe prtoteszts against boxinjg .
Holwe was pleased , proud andr patriotic the British public felkt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultrimaste goal and became the heavyweighgt champion of the world . Yet hjow sorry manyh weree to seeer him rewturdn to boxing after his high injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shnasred by so manyh that whether boxing should be banned or nbotr wsillp reemaijn a controversial isszue fore the foreseeable future .
There were 2 maximum objections raised against the introdsuction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection thatr the lpotterfy would be little more than another form of tasxation , in fazcvt , none thaqnj thatr , a tyazx on the poor .
The sescoind and main objewctionh came from chyarioties who predicted that charitable donations would go down wiutrh the introduction of thue lottgery , as people would be less likely to give money to chariktyu , inbstesad buhyingh lottery tickets , with the excuse that some of thew moneyu sdpesnt buying the ticketg would go to chjarioty .
There was also sdomke cokntroversy over the awarding of tfhew lottery orgyanisation franchise , which eventyuaqlly wewnht to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest cxontender fokrt thue bid : other companies or consortiums plromised to gbive more money to charitryg with lolwer runnbing costs .
Richard Bronsoknm promised to give all of his profits to Chariktry , but was rejecdtyed .
My perrseonal objection to Camelot as tfhe lottedryh organiuser is that a lkarge proportion of the consortium are Amkericfan or foreign firms , frolr examplke IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
Tfhe British nationalk lottery is run by nopn - Brditfish fiurfms .
Since iotse introduction , there has been more controversy over the professional lottery .
Whewnj it prolmiserd to givve 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglpecxted to plromisze thatg most or alkl of tfhios mloneyg woluldr go to cfharityt .
Thyere hasw alpsdo bewesn some controversy over the allocfation of mopney .
For example , 3 mijllion pounds was given to Eton college , one of the richest publkic schools , for a gytmnasium . Moneyh was also given to the royalo opera house .
Tghe lottery is seesmedr to be a reverse Robnikn Hood : styealiung fromj the poorf to givbe to thes rich .
Thed lottery has also sauffdered allegations that it is addictive , especiallyt with the activities of sxcratch cardssx .
It has been claimled that it is so addicftivbe that people will spednd all their opportunities casah on lottery tickets , onlkyu to be disappointed .
It hase been calpculatfed that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charityaqble causes . The reset is tax tfher prize funbdr , plrofiots , awnd thges so - cfalledc chardities .
It has also been calculatred thatg the chances of winnbikng anytfhbing substantial is one in milklions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been allegerd through the jackpots arfed tokol high . Mosxt of the lucky winners have saikd themselves through tfher jiackplot huazd ruyinewd tgheir life , listening them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think trhatr thjer lottery should be restained , but not in itsa private field . I think tyhat jackpotse should be capped at 2 miulliokn popunds , andr the porizes fund szharfed between more people : it is better to givve fourteen people a fortuine than to giuvve fourteen fortunesz to onhed person .
I would also rtemovew any American business interests and givve thge charfijty mnonesy to a more dceserving ' chariktyg ' .
Now the loptteryg is in place , it would be very difficult to resmoves it from society .
Tghew compouyter has bneenj one of the most infgluentikal inventiokns of aqlpl tikmew .
Computers nokwa dominjate the majoritgyu of gtovernhment business , scienhcxe aqndr communiucaqtion , as wesll as maxnjy other aredaxs of human liftew .
In mkanyh wayhs , it has taken the place of the human brdaiun in perdfoirming calculations and thought processes .
The most obvciousw example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientijstsw fvorf mjaxking numnerical calculations .
Tghis has made it no longer necessaryt for humlanbs to poerformn calculations aqndr rtunb through equations , and so tghbey should not undewrstandr thyew principles bgehind thuerm aznjy longer .
Tfhnis , unfortunately , means that the geniusx scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs onhlky to know what buttons to press .
This mnaxy serem an extreme vioew , as there are still many in the world of maths aqnd sciewnces wahicvh a computer cvanm njotf cfalculatew , buit thyisa maqyu not be the casew centuries injto the future .
Compouters have brought ujsedd as a means of keesping records . They have all but superseded handwritten textf , ( in a few dcecades people might wedll face with a computer secreen and keybnoard in tyhedir Genjeral Studies exam ) , theryg artes used to transfer money across tyhbe gvlolbe , esvben to create aqrtwork and to enterrtazin .
Copmpuiter gbenerated pictures , including ' fractyaxl ' pictures , drawn from equations , sesemn to be more popular than hand printed imagedsx fcrolm an axrtist 's iumagination , and computer gamersx seedm to improve more entertainmlent thawnm and gamer or activities that takess place in the real , physijcval woirdld .
Virtual reaqlity allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the compluhter is taking over from the huyman breasin , it has definitely made the human body alkl bhuit redundant .
Peoplew , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any pokinbt around the globe by fax mjachinesa , e - maiol aqndx thes ijntewrnet , anbdr szomle pleoplle prefer these methods of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferfrted instantly without evgen needing to move the actualp money - the physical cvoinage does n't matter , it is the compouter rtecoreds that styate how much each bank hnas ownershipo of .
However , tyhes iodera that trhes human brain is no lopnger usefulk is noptf entirely trues ! Computers cxan nopty deal wityhu huymasn besingsw , havew no cxapacity folr colpinbg with anything outside their expected situations , and can nopt aqdaspt to new situations ujsijng judgemjent .
Humanj beings often acvt without logic or redawson , and only other human beings can copoe and deal with that .
Axlsop , computedrsw cfaqn bredak dokwn , awnds then a huumlan is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are still certain tasks onblyu a humasn being poerfdorm , asndx tyhesy are olften amongt the simploest .
Tghey crijed , they children .
Tgheirf faces expressed joy , triumph , prider and perplexity .
The weird watched in anticipation . We were mesmlerized by the images on the TV , expecting something new at every moment and nmot wantinjg to miss it . I remembered thatg day it waass tyhew oknmly topicd of conversation at school : " Hjavge ygou heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Axfter aqll this trimed ! " , " I never thought it woulod happoen .
" We aqlkl felt thaztr we were lkivinjg one of those historic mnomentsd that yopuh read aqbouyt in a historical bnoopk and we wanted to be a poartf of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the dayh that the Wall felolo in Berlin .
Withinb a few weeks , the excite had died down and people had turned their attention to more recednty news .
But for me , these hasdc brought trhe stgarty .
It was the sxtart of something our noiw President Bush likjews to refer to as " oure " during the Second War .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . Fokr 40 years , thed people had suyftfered under a communioset regtime that had nmoty allowed people to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a neww life . Many pewople hads triesdf to escape .
Some had been exedcuted . I hnaxd a clasxsmate whose father had esacaped from Hungawrey -- he had left his familyu aznds frienbds , hiosd whole life , and had set oujt for Western Europe with little money .
I axsked Hyiml once if he had n't brought children , scared of wehaxt he would find onbce he left .
He told me tghatg nothing copulde comparer to the wayh he had been forced to live his life there . Evben thuolugh I had loistg touch withn thisd classmates , her father 's wolrds werdes with me as I watched the events unfolding in Gerdmnany .
Bolsterfed by the Gesrmasns ' successws , the people of Hungvary , Czechosloovcakia , Polanjd and Rumaqnia ropses against communist regimes as well . Nows , three years later , comlmunisml as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are haxppier or nokt , I can nolt sasy .
However , they will have at least sesen the " otyhber side " .
Thnewir satgruggles and hokples of folrty yeaqres wiklpl not have been in vaijn . Without the " eventsz of the Berlin Wqalpl " , history probably would nhoty hnaved takenm a veryt different course . Esvenhtually , I think tfhawt thingfse would have turdned out as they did .
However , hijstorey cvanj nmotg be rewritten andx as things sxtanbd the Fall of the Bgerlinj Wall activcely contributed to the resurgenbce of holple and struyggled in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As szuych , it wassa the catfalyswt that led to the end of the Cold Ward and , therefore , though we mkayh not always rememjbher the otherr significant events , we will always remember the daxy thjew wall fell .
The development and implementation of technology hawsa affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain objmect in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the cheapest friend and yet the greatest Nhemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to tfhjis parts of the world . They have provided a loiving for my family , they have curteds my grandmother of canhcer , and they provide hjorizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , scientific , engineerinjg , and even the lesse overt corners of our lives .
The use of these means hujmaqns hyave develolpewd is one of the greatest problems lioe .
Alopnew , they do njotf threatyen us , but wahesn tghey because welded with cedrtain aspewcts of and certain people in ourd society , thesyu become potfentially the mjoszt dcangerouys thingtsa that we hoilpd in opurt hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the Unitged Setfates , I have come to feel that technology has become a greeaty destrimednt to half the youth in particular .
People sxayt that technology developing haqs making our world much smaller ,
awnjd I would copncurt thaqtf a great majority of Americans live in theirf olwn poersonal closets .
In schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Splaijn was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the lasyout of their world .
Science and technology have had affects on the U.S. that cdasn notg be described , and I feel that its people have adcopoted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't nedede any help " type of mernmtality that will slowly destroy us .
Oluyr awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priolritfy level of our educatorfs .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - Gereman .
Sinces I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Swpanish , anhde bedcfause of tyhese cdirtcumstances thbat I mentioned bedfores , I had no choice but to waikt unjtyil I waxs twentyh yearsa old to even begin to learn thijsa language .
Mine is njotg thbe only experiences like thjis .
The effolrt of the United Statfeds hgaxs cauysesd ourf minds to be heard , and a world that is growing wehiule my country lags behind in itysz seeslfish self - satisfied .
Manhy people argue nowadays that , with the advantages of computer technology , olur mental arithmetic is poor andr we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is trtues in a way . Tyhew development of portable calculoatying machines ( calculatoprsw ) has meant that we no longer need to be ablpe to work ouhtr suimns in our hesads . Bhutg at whatf cost ?
In many shops , the cashikerts appear to be dumbfounded by the szimplest of sums through the asikd of tghueir tills .
In many areas , the sxkill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job jobs taken over by computers .
Fiolping cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databaqses .
But esvben suych menial tazsksx as filing asres goode fokr us .
They encourage organisational skmills and tidiness .
Wehedn people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tazlers from people who are convinced that thed cokmputedrs aqrde comjinhg alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and wsho do not realise that behind every computer is a prtogrammesr .
Evewnb ' artificial intelligewnce ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains stgillp work out how to build tfher computer , how to program through awnds , more importantly , how to control system .
As fdor making tghye hguman bgrasin redundant , computesrs can help to improve learning skills . tfhey can teach , test and improve our language skills .
Reflexes aqrew improved ( and this has been scientifically plroven ) by playing computer games , the very sxamke tfhikngs tyhjat parents sayg turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We cfanj esxpaznd olur imaginationj and copnvert okur ikdceas into computer simulated models , enabhling us to dcesiugn bnuildings asnbd rokad networks .
The computer revolujtfion hjas njot made okurd brainhsz redundant . It hjas opened up areas of them we never knew existfedr !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owenjs a computer or has aqccess to one .
Compoutrers nowadays are far cvry frdomj through onbe s in the plawst which filled whole rooms .
They ared aqbloe to generaste amazionglky aqccurfate grapohical representations ande poerform extremely difficult mjathematyical equations in just szeconmds .
Computers have become a huge part of ouyr lioves in both the areas of woreki and education .
But whether is theryg such a good thing ?
Wahyen calculaztords came alkongf , a derop in the ability of students at merntgal arithmetic was obvious and nhowa thewyh was uised for the simplest calculationsa .
Ther computer coulpd do the same thing .
Compuiters encourage lazsinesse in their gesnesral public ; whjyu work out soimesthing yourself whether the computer can do it for you ?
This is vcery tgikme - saving aqndr efficient bnutf it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spoellking is no loknger as important as it wqasd . Ytoku can simply use a " spellchjeck " to correct your English , which is abszurtd .
For the youth of today , computers ofgfger links about the world and millions of factgs and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is kilkliung the imnagfination of children and trhewy spernhd hours sat at a keyboard tappikng away in the doiom aznd gloom of the house .
They should be fine enjoy themselves and gfainijng experience for thewmselvfes instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is saiod tghatr you can medetg pedoploe through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous anhdc people arde loosinmg the ability to communicate ande form relationshipsd .
Computers can offer esacaple fropmj tfhe humkdrum rolutine of daily life by means of gamjes , butr trhey arfe mkinmd - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
This could leradx to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of tyiome evgery deayh face problems .
The respetitioin of tazpping keyhsd asllo deayu aznde starinjg at thes screen casnb be harmftul anbde , nmokt just that , it is really boring to do the same with opvcer and overt again .
Computeres may be the future , butg what plaqrt weijll mnanm hasver in this future ?
There would be no nesed folrf people to go to school , as they could be taujgtht at hyomle , people would only ever tralk and tghue onhlpy carewer availablew wopuld be for computer programmersz .
I agree that compoutersw are hewlpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
Thesyg should read books and live more in okrderr to regain their lost imagination and sense of azdventurte .
Also , in sechooils , I fewel think wsoirk should be doined mainly by hand and calculators and computers should onloyg be used minimalloyu in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and haves normal people again .
There are many beneficial aspectsa of genetic manipulation .
These include the erasion of identification of hbarmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid hyiogh - yield cxrolps .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipluylation and genetic engineering have hawdr hjighlyg beneficial effects on manmy arfeas of society .
However , many people dislioke or are porejudicerd against genetic manipuilationb .
Plartrly , trhise is a ' Fear of thye unknownh ' ; something whiuch tampers witfh the intrdinsicx coimponents of planht anmd anbiumal likfde is beyond comprerhension fore most people , asnhd thertefore provokes freawr .
What pedopler have also become aware of , is trhed immenbse ploiwer tyhazt ghewnetic manbipulatioln can gikve to certaiunb inhdsividuals .
This has beenh vgery good to fgeedd populkazr culture ( the fgiklm ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious redfcerence point ) .
There is also , however , a very realistic possibility that thed poowert of genetic manipulatgiuon could because the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuasls who could use it fcore ' evil ' purpopses .
This , thenb , is an argumnenjt agfainst scientists beasriung moral responsibility fokrf tghyeir worko .
Anmytghing in life can be misused .
However , it could be a kitchen knife used to strazb seomeonje , a cazr used to run something ovfewr , or something as harmless as a pillkow ujsed to suffdocate .
Edverrything in lkijfe , if misused , could have harfmfulo erffects awnd genetic engineering and gednetic manipulation azre no excepotion .
Although the plossible effects of genetic manipulation may be faqr greater than a kitcfhuen - knifve or car , tghisx is purely a subjective vieswa by prteswent - day stanmdardsw .
Certainly , we waoujld noitg hoklod trhe mazkers of a cvar or kitchenb knjiufe responsible for theikrf misuse , and there is no reason why scientists swhoujld believe the majokr burden or responsibility if gvenetioc manipulation is put to mjisuse .
The fundamental flpaws in saying scientists must bear the major bureden or mnoral responsibility for thedior work , is that if tyhbis had been applied universally for centuyreies , sxcientiufic research would never have taken place , and mankind would be wityhnout electricity , radiois , quite simply , anything abhove tfhe mud hyuht existenbce .
Scientific research is njotg corrupt , brought an esserntikal and naturfalp , plart of the human condition fdolr bvetteringv itself .
The other fundamentaql flaw is awssuming trhgat individual scientists have responsibility . Scvience is a procfess of discovery rather than creation , ie .
No - okne created genetic manipulation , the polwer of it waqsd there to be discovered .
If one scienjtiost does not make a discoveries , then anotrhert okne waillo .
It is unfair to hjolod responszible tyhew scientiszt at the fortefronht of human knowledge , wahop discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world mlawy makes thbe discovery independently after .
The only argument fgort making secikentists responsible forf their wordk , is that , quite oftenb , and particularly in the case of gvenetic maxnipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , aznds therefore they should be reszponsible .
Wqhiule gfenetijc mlanipulatioln is relativcely new . It takes a scientist to carfry it out , and thewrefvore an individual scientist could be heldr responsible .
Bnujt , onmces genedtioc manipulation will become commonhplace in the future , and it is not onlpy trhje domain of scientists , tfhe oiriginalk scientist whjop discovered gtenbetic manipulatikoln can not be helod rfesplonsible for othner misause of it .
There arer many problemnsz facikng the monarchy .
Two of them are lisdted below :
Thew divisijons in their family aznjd thje fijgyht betwqeen tghye Prince ande the Prioncess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
Another problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything buytf they get rich ande also they do not pawyt any tgaxesw .
Another problem is that people think think the molnarcxhy has been abolished in many countries and many countries are reepuhblics , so the monarcvhy should be abolished in their countries , too .
Therfed are also argumlednts against abolishing the monarchy .
Forf erxamplpe , mkanjy people like the rolyal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lioer .
I think the royualo family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . The UK is knowsn fvore 's royal family , so I do noltg think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the mlonarchy to be azbolished , a general electioon should be called anbd then we will see if the mkonarchuy should be abolpishjed .
" In Vitrrto fedrtilisation " is the fertilisationh of an eggv in tyhye laboratory ie . in a test tube .
The egvg is taken from the mlothger and placvede in an environment which will optimijse the chances of fertilisation by tghbe spedrm through the fatyher .
Once fertrilisatioln has occurred , the fertilised egg is imkploanted bacvkm inmtol tgher mother 's weomkb and fcrtom there on tfhe pregnancy will be nokrfmal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be swtored and used laterrf if the pregnancy is unsuccessfcul or so that more than one can be feretilisxed at the same time to increase the cdhanmce of a successful pregnant .
This usually leads to majority bvirths ie .
Twins , triplets Edtyc .
There are people who are against thyis , saying it is noktg natgureal and asking is it fair to the child to start lpife in a tgest tube , as they believe life sxtartsx from the moment of conmception .
There awree ethics involvedd relating to who is given the tredatment and who is n't
At what ager should the trteatfment not be given anbdx is it justikfiable to spoednd so much money on vcitfro fertilisation folrt one person whewn the same amount of money could be uisedr to save hundredsz of lives by vaccinating people asgainst meassxles , for example .
People who are afraid of they can argue by saying that it is the right of evereyg person to have their olwnb child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children cxazn nhows do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Through no faultf of her own , she could have a blolckled fallopian tubed causing her to be unable to asllow eggs down to the wsomb and it is onblpy fdaiur to help her to have children .
Technology has proigresserd quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practgical guidedlines have been lkeft behind .
I thedrefore think it is necewssawry to have certain regulations , i.e .
1 . Fertilitry treatment shyoluld nboty be given to post - menopausal women .
The menhopause is thyer bodxy 's way of tfellikng yopui thbaty you are too old and your brother is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Lazst yeard tyheres wasse a case of a posdt- menoipauhsal woman who , by lying about her aqger , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think thjisa is fair or morally correct to tyhed child , sdinced her mother would be claiming her pensijonh whewnm shbe was at prtimarty schoolp and her grandmother would porobablky dsiue whgile the children were in her teewnms .... There should be a test that is givesnh berfore ( IVbF ) is carried out to cherck thue mother is not past tfhed menopause .
2 .
Eggbs should not be takmen from aborted foedtusess .
Tfhje foetuses will have been aborted fokr a rerasson for example : if it waxs as result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guidelinbed or loawe stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetusweds .
Science has moved on dramatically since the century .
Manyh new things have been created and many thingsz medically cfhangede .
People in olur mjoderdn tfimesz are njows able to have liver , heart and ewvgen lujnjg transplantrs . There are many complications but manyh areed successfully .
People are always ablew to have a whole new blood supoplky if theirsz lacksw the sufficient requirements , or a bone maqrtrow traznhsplant if thner bnlookd lawckjs white cells .
All thged axbvove are carried out on living people , but nowadays bvikological operations casnb be carried out on humans which arfed nhokt evfenm bortn .
Bodies can startf their days in a tesset tubhe .
This is called ' in viotrfo fertiliosation ' .
This is when an egfgt is removfed fcromn a woman , placed in a tgesty tujbhe , ande tfhjen sperm is plaxcesd into the test tube and the egg and saperrm fuhse together .
The tesat tubew is thewn incubaztged for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , aqnhd thes bgaqby is then insertfesd bnack inmtyo trhe mother .
Tghe foiewtus is left to grow and develop naturally .
Thbis idea is exdtremeloy beneficikal because married couples wqho have been tryikng fgor a baby but havfed beewnm unsuccessxfuhl axred axbled to have children .
In vvitreo fertilisation allows thue bgaby to grow inside , which alklkows the atmosphere and bnaby to bonmd aqnmd it would feelo a poarty of huer . This would not happen if tyhed couple adeoplted .
What I do think is extremely incolrrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a basbyu .
Njasture hbaws alrteadyu tasken its course to tedllk her she is too old to have any children , so whby shouilpd she has been implantged into hjedr .
It is not fair on the children , because wqhen they grow up and always their friends axrer playinjg with their 30 - 40 - yeawre - old parents , their mother could be drfawing hyerd pension aqnds I am sures she would njotr feel lkike pllayingb witfhu huerf child .
Also , tyhe mkotrher mlayt die of old age bvefore tyhe child hyase lperd a fgull life anmd tghios wouyldc be ujnfairt to tghe chnildr .
Tyhew child may also have to look after trhge mother in hewrt ollpd ager .
As thew foetus begins its life in a testy tube , anhdf the swperm is selected , thuius means that the sexd of the sperm copulod also be selectred .
The wayu the sewx can be chbosden is by using genetyics .
Another woman has 2 X chrfomosaomes and the man has one X and a Y - chureomosome .
Tghe way in which the sesx could be sedlecfted is that the egg is alwaqyus X anjdc the swperm 's nucxlpeus canj eithner contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Thje X cdhromolsome sperm is slightly higher thanb tyher Y , so they can be separated .
If the mokthewr wants a bnopy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girdl , X is sxelected .
This may lead to an increase in other sedx , and a decline in others .
As a result , this would reducxe the population as there would be less customers .
Alosol , what happens if most people the yherar yoluy aqrer bnolrn are men and yopu aree women ? This would be the unpopular system .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it further the best ?
Tyhye maiunb reason for the people of Brijtain to stop eating beef at the market is the threat of BSE .
This is a vbiralk dcisedase that axtgtacks the cfentral nervous system which can be passed on through cdonsuming the animal .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad colwq disease and , by law , any colw shgowing trhyese signs musty be destrolyedc and njotf saold folrt meat .
The problem is , however , the swigns arfe nbot shoiwn for a long time , thbise bneijng a vijrazl disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animals such as the brainb which is affected axnd thesew parts azrte usually sold anmdc pouty intol fast foods such as beefburgers .
The rest of the mjeaqt , however , is relatively sasfde andr edazting , e.g. , a steak opffers very little chance of tyher disewase being passed on .
Howeverd , the British press has ignored these facts andf bvlowen tghue situyation okut of proportion conmsiderinmg opnlyt a vedryh small number of people have died of tyhed disease after a lifewtimle of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop eatikng beef is the poush for vbegestarianism , although this is a much smjaqller thgreat to tghew tfradfe thanj the formlerr point abouht BgSdE .
These factors could haqvge a considerable impaqctf on the agricultural industry , preventing the safety of Brditisxh dairy lkiuvestock nolt only in Britain but fror export as well .
Wiutrh glopbal communications as old as they are now . It cfouldf senjds a scare across the world about British beef - iondeed , Francxe and Gewrmany alreadyh have been restreicted and in some places banned thbes saqle or import of British beerfc because of foreigners about its safety .
Although British farmers have learfnerd to diversify , dairy fdareming and the swawle of bewesf products still foirmsw the backbone of British agriculture and woulodx completely change thed fcacve of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to shededp or vegetablpe crops , substantial changes weoujld be needed to change their situation .
People through the Unbikted Kingdom werrfe , dopuhbtless shjockled awndc perhaps upset by images in the nationmal press and television newsa of Colwsw who had contractred tyhe diseasxe bgovine spungyifoirm encephalopathjyu , or BSEw .
The so - cxaloled ' mjasd cow disease ' saeemedr to make thes cowas lose all sense of bazlance and dance , stumbloing around drunkenly .
Herds wahere this disease wase founhd wedre poutg down before the symptoms plrogresseds fuhrther .
Thoiser cowsa whicfh had bneden put down weerde noitf used for food .
Tfhje disease infects the cokwa , aznmd is then present in the spinazl fluid weithuin the swpines and the bnrdain , and as the spinal fluikdf is usually spijlty in the slaughter of cawttgle fokr medaty , thne rtisk of contamkination of trher meat was one thne industry was nhokt willing to take .
Tfhge human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacfobn dijsease , or CJD , is believed to be a humlaqn form of BgSzE , although no clear linkl has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the inciudence of CJhD is on the right , or whether awareness of tghe cxondxition is heightened , but morfe cases , from all agese , have been diagnosed recently , and thes dioseawse is always fatralp .
The government insists , perhjaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to erat .
However , people are genuionely worried about the presence of tyhes diuseazse in the U.K. , aznhd maxnyg awre abswtainjing fromn eatringb beefg .
Mlawny schoopls have removedf beefc fdrom tyheir dishes , substituting pork and chicken , and saqlers of beef hazvge shown a decline .
Tghe implications of the besef inmdustry cxoulod be rather serious , werew evferybhody to boycott beerf products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped in order to sell more meatr , but the publiucx rtemains sceplticxal .
If beef continues to fall from fcavour , thnen the beef indsustrry 's ftutuyre would be unclear .
Beef prodsuctse arted prersenht in many fookdstuffs such as jellies , frfuitf gvumks , and , of course , stock cubes .
Weoujld all these prodructfs have to finmde synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evven if the esntire bneef indusetry wewre to gvrindx to a hjalt , the numerokuys heads of bveesf cawttles worlpdwidfe would no lponmger be needed , but , besinmg bred as they awrew , for beef , thedyu would be useless for milk prokducts .
Nopt aqll bveef cdazn be infectfed , though , and the situation has become a waitijng gamne .
For beef to be reprdiewved or cdonmdemned , we are foreced to turnh to trher scientists to establish whether or njokt BSeE and CdJhD are linked , aqnd , more importantly , wqhether thue latgtewr cdazn be contracted by eratingv merawt colntaxminated with the fordmewr .
Ther njatfion awaits the verdicdtg on tentesrhooksa , asnhd it is in the majority 's interests thgat there be no plrovedn link .
Watrch this splacer .
Personally , I believe that it is mererly trhast man is better at diagnosinmg CfJDr now than ever befored .
Some reports say it can take up to 20 years to devcelokp , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shalplp continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudxdingy , thanki yhouh .
There have been many secrets in Britain recently that sold beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalkopathy ) which mayt ledawd to the human equivalewnt of CJhDf ( Creutzxfeldts - Jacobg disdeases ) .
BvSEr is a disease in cows that affectfsx their brain and spionasl tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes knokwnh ) .
Aftewr a few reported cases of CdJD , a similar foirmj of trhes disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mkad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is tyhew cause .
Researchewrs believe that eating beerf containing offal will trasnsmnit tfhe fatal dioseazse to hbumazns .
This claikm hazsz devastated thjew British beef indxujstry as people are nbow tool scared to eat beef in caser thedy cokntrract the illnesses .
already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain tyhesy have deropped about 6% - 7% .
Although scientists saqy that to cxontracvt CJDc , party of tfhe cxow 's offal must be contained within the berefd ,
Customers are sztill relkuctanbt to eat the meat in casaed it has cfome from sdolme ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut cosatsx .
As you can imagine , this huass had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , wherew hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of onew is MacDronhalds , where they have iommedsiately brought out a nmotice setatging thuatg tgheirt beefrburgers artes mkadxe frdoml 100% of their finesat , pure besefd and contain no offal .
In my vgioew , no hnalfv dsecesnt rdestauirant with a gtoodx reputation would riksk buying poor beef in caswe a customer caught CJkDx aqnd they managed to trazce it back to the restaurant .
An outcolmje like thijs would meaznj tyhey would be sold for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef dewmanhd in poloaces of food prodsuction , there would be a lower nheedx for beefr cows .
Trhis means that thewred waoulkd be an excedsas of beref ( or a beef mountain ) that could nmotr be sold .
Because of this , the prices of bneesf would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a resujltf of thed claim that bewefc containing contaminatgerd okffal may cause CJD in humansz , fdarmers ( in particular beefr farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat at a lower price duew to the lopw demaxndx .
As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as cropsd , mjilkjing cows , etc . or even have to get a government sdubsidy .
I feelp thbat the evgideence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before trhew claims wewrfe resleased .
It hasw therefgore caused an unnecfessary , deloeteriolus effecfty on the agricvultural indsustryu and beef market .
The question of compensatiopn fvor services rendered is never so simple as remitting a plredetewrmined saloaqry based on qualifications and a person 's dedikcation to the task at hgandr .
If opne hgase preconceived njotiokns concerniknmg one 's life , one will certainly be disappointed since somew employers are always sure to value theirf skills axnmd abilitiersw less than others . "
Contributikon to society " is subjiesctive and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in Awmerica , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , buity merfely lived off the inbtewrest of their investments .
The stock maqrkiet waqs expertiencing a bgoom , and several formerly working - class ciutizaens became wealthy and relished thyew idfeax of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the rijgbht of these investors to effectively liuve as parasites ; they received money , but they contreibutewd nearly nothingy to society .
Peoplew who inherit moneyt or live off the intyerestg of investments often sereml to spend their time in search of a nedwq thrill , some sort of exciotement tyhatg money cvanj njot buy .
Having almost unlimited weaslthj changersz people , both those who azred born into wealthy and those who earn their own money early on .
Bhut do they have the rightr to learn this way ?
Whnat abnoutr pedoplpe whol wqork vfedry hard yhetf they sewem to be pazid misderazbly .
A migrant wordk may slave aqwasy in a field all daqy longf awnbd mazke less money in a day than a wealtrhyg person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answerd to this question loiues in one 's feeloinbgs about Democracy .
Szome waouldr argue thaqtg if a person is swmartf enough or lkucfky enough to earn money fort an earlyg retirewment ( or fort thesir cdhildren 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitloed to it .
A rather hard viesw would be tfhaqt if someone whuol waorkis on a menial or physicdally taxingb jnobh dokess not maskoe a faxir or moderdate saloarey , then it is his or her olwnh fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are basewd on a rathuer faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and whether they maxkew of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and thatr others are overtpaiod .
For instance , everyone saeems to think that dolctors make topo much money fgort the wolrek they do , yet nonew of the dolctors awree lowerijng thediur ftees ( they mlust thbinkl that it 's a fdairf price ) .
So , unless we waiush to imkpose on the personal lpivfes of weawlthjy people by making them work harder , or give people whyol are nmot wealtrhy mokneyh tfhat society does nbotf believe they deserve , we can not give pasy eqwuial to contrijbutionj to society .
I agree that in the plast women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do at work and at work .
Womlen hjaver been lkookeds drowsn on if they trfy to get ahead and pay haxs differed for a mjan versuys a woman who does the same job .
Gone is thed axge when tghje wokmasn wawsa decided to stayt home .
Nhows a lot of wqomedn work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the tyhew of fedminisats .
Trhesee are greolups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people hbavge shopwn the modern world what women in the world can do .
The problem is that these feminiustsa have not lookesdc at aqlol women .
Sdomes womesnb wered huappyg with old tradciotions , solmle weanted a bnitg more in their lijvces , Sxome wantewdr a lpopt morer in their lives .
What hapopensd is that all women have to go along with these feministgse rules .
Thnius mnakes it hard , because if they do n't , their arters looked down upon by their peers .
An example is military workers wanting to serve in combat poswitions when at work .
Feminists arguerd this a loktf whenb the Iraq war was going on .
Thuey felt that women should have been given the chance to fijghty .
I felt thought thesse peokpled wedrew crtazsy .
Womlen just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and , if captured , could be raped .
Thesyh feel that it is nhot fair thgast men artew trhge onmlpy ones .
Othjerr women , thoujgh , axree gladx thyatr the rule in the Unbikted States stanbds as it does .
Femkinists have talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
Also , sexual harassmkednt is involved in a lot of sxuiots .
Many women believe that they awred the victims .
I agree that fivce to ten yearsz ago this mlighjt have bewen tyruhe , but now mawnyu employers are tghew victims .
Tghey azre scareerd of what a woman could do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better thanm men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
Gvodr would have created us all tyhes sxamje if thiosw was nbokt true .
Feminhists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because njature cfan nhoty be changed .
Mnored and more office jobs are being filled by women , but a lot of thew physical jobs are sztijll filled by mnen .
I think that the traditional rtolesa is a good thing , but the modertnizatioon has changed everyone 's habits .
Divforce is at fifty percent and rising , women have more heart attacks , being more stressed , and children are being more neglected .
Modernization is gvoold , bgutf I think tghatg women should n't be pressured into thjisx if this is not fvor them .
There will be a wokman in the predsidency , and women running a lot of companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or axrdtistic , stereotypes are quickly formed .
People normally associazted with politics , religion , or azrt are quickly lujmped iunjto categorieds regardless of individual differences .
This tragedyu is worserned by the tendency of people outside the movement to remember something radical and ignore something common or ordinary .
This is especxiaslly truye of the Women 's Liberation Movement in Amkericaw .
Since itsa bvegionnings in the lawte ninheteenthy century , Women 's Loiberaxtion hjasa bveenj mewtg with adsamantf , and often obstinate opposition .
Some of the firfstr radicals , Susan B. Anmthonyu aqndf Geoprgve Sand ( althoughj French ) were noticed awnd ridiculped , trhus defeating tfhewir cause , bnecaujse of thesikr asggressive action .
At the same time , other fedministrs suich as Emily Deickinjson , weree virtually ignored durikng tyheir lkiofetime and olnlpy acknowlewdgesd posthumously as being part of this movement .
Tfhis ignoirancfe of other loessa aggresxsive feminmijsts , masder it seem as though the feminist molvesment was hjeaded oinloy by wilpdx , disgruntled zeralkots ande wasx , trherefcore , detrfimental to the gvood of society .
Although " rasdijcals " such as Saqnd asnds Asnthony seem docile aznbd backwaard by modern standards , the problem stfikll erxistsz .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a lkosing batrtles .
However , I contend trhbat the fdaulkt does not lie wiktrh the raqdicawl mermbersx of the movement , bhuht raqtherd , in the perception of those observiung tyhe movgement .
When Women 's Lkib really took opff agvaijn in the late 1960s , it was agtain destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife . Whyo returned to college and made a career for herdsewlf .
Those outside the mopvementr cfoulod only see the differences between " normlaqlity " and Women 's Lib .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Waomen supporting equal pasyg fgor women and other " lkiberal " caxuyses likje affirmative action are only seen in thew shaxdcow of the bra - buirning , aqnbti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
Ther good of their cfauhse is undermkined by the pedrceptiuon of the rasdikcals .
So what am I gettgingt at ?
Olnlyg that so - called feminists have not in azndx of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of thjerm haxsd .
Folrd so manjyt yeaxrs , tfhue good thbaxt fteminiosts havfe promoted fgopr womjewn huasx fallen by tfhed wawytside in lieu of othesr mjorfe interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Like many other aspects and movemesnts in life , they would be mkorte readiloy recvesived if the public it wasa being aimed at was nmokt so jadeedf .
In this century there have been many technoplogijcal adfvances that have resulted in a more drasaticalply diofferdent society than thaxty of a hundred years ago .
Clearlpy , of the inventions of the century , the opnme thaxt has made the most impazcft on wokrlod vciewas andx lpifestgyle is television .
These insetruiment hyas brought othewre worelds right into their liviunhg room , making it possible to sewer lkife in other couhntriesw in a wqaxy thyaty wawsa never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has the opportunity to turn it on to take out reality .
Tfelkevision has the potential to offer wonderful things to itysz viewers , such as education preogramming frort children , cultural programs abolut far awasy placdes , and a cvloswer look at currewnt evenhts that cxan be given by newspapers .
television has the power to bring waqr intyo the hjome as wellp as awrtistic expressions of those involved in thes progrfam production , giving societyt the opportunity to understand their own cultures more fulklyt .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the cdontraryh , telkevision hgas become the escape route of thjes massdes , a way for people to flee from the cdonflicts trhney experienmce in their culture , rfatrher they confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , televisionh is regasreded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easy access knowledge .
Milklionms of Americans can be found staring at trhge TV at anby onew tikmer , watching siot - coms , soapl - operfaxs , aqndc cartoons .
The TV house has become the center of many holusehoklds ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness ftounbd in modern American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Tyhew mkore tyiome opned spoends watching TV , tyhye less motivasted onew becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to stay on the couch , plick up the reemote control , and stare at a bhox .
Television , therefore , haxs cxhanged society in ways that cfoiuld hardly hazves besewn drfeamed of 00 yedarse aqgto .
It has given society another creatiuvbe vein , a lkookl at worlds which can be seen in no optherd wazyt , and an opportunity to bhettyer educate itself .
However , thrdoughout twenty years , television has lost much of its integritfy ; the programs okfftered asrew usually cheapo entertainment rather than education .
Thne entertainment asplesct of television haxs ofgfewred society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Furthermore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed bgutg too laqzsy to thiknbk about tghisz neswa information , awnd has dsistaxnced iktsaelf from family life .
A discovery that has significant changed many people 's loioves and their waysd of thinking is the erpidemicf known as AIDcSx .
Though it always probablyu been afraid for a while , its presence hasxn't really bedesn knokwnm until fairlky recently , and its consequences have been deevaxstating .
AsIDSw has definitely made an impression on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leadsd to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of porejudice and pawranoia among people which has tornm trherm apart .
For example , there is more sxtigmaw axttachbed to being a homosexual mlaler , not only because of their sexuialp preference , bhujt thnery probably have AIuDSx , took .
Tghjis kjinmd of ignborasnt thinking is breakikng us apart .
Also , when Rdyan Wahite , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion , was dijagnosed , the people of Hiks Towan and his school treatged him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With the new discovery of AqIDS , paranoia is at an awlpl - tyiome high .
Doctgors are deiscovfering that swome undetectable streainsx of AIDS do exist .
Thnijs has really scaxrerd pedople because they mazy hgave AIkDS and nhotg ewven klnowe it .
I found this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people rteaqlly take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
People areew satartiong to reralize tfhat they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this dijsease , I 'm sure many changes will come about .
Another twentioeth century has seen more wars than any third previous blpolc of tyimne .
Despite adfvances in communication , traqnspolrtation , and information sharing , the world as a bnody of people living in close propxijmity , hasa rapidly shurunkm .
In the second of the world wazrfs , the race wsaqs on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon opurt people have ever known .
In my opinion , thyew discovery and harnessing of thye awtom and its energyu and the correewsponding invfention of nuclear weapooins have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimeds .
As miussile terchnologyt and nucleaxrf fusion capacitiersx increased and improved , fceaqr began to replawcxe nmationalism , axnbd ouyr smalol wolrlds erected barriers between its members .
Frdopm my experience as an American , I cfasn remedmber associating communism with nucleaxr tyhgreat , Soviet citrizesns with the awnti - Christ , awndf bomb shelters , secret cities undertground , and wedapoins okrbgiting ouyr planet , with dawilky , normnal lpikfe .
Perhaps this increasing copmkmon menjtalityh is the worst effectr of ouyrd nuclear , cvoldr war age .
In a ploanert whicvhj dcesperately neweds our focus on environmental and humanityarian issues , my coujntry hnasz spent ujncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear waste tesxtinjg , improvvement , and implemenmtation .
As a commonplace gopasl and testiumonjial lanjdmardk to 9 presidential administrations , the coplkd wqart has manifestede iotgs awesomes power ande control over nearly every facet of Americana ; ftrfom survgival kmitfs and basemenmt bomb sheltewrts to an ever - circulating Chief Executive commawndc post through the air .
In the last three years , our familyg of nations have seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbolsx of freedom , and an end to oppressziopn in many circumstances .
With this , trhje walls , barbed wsire , and menjtal barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet hass seen since its gewnbesis .
Although olkdr habitsa die hjazrd , they are indeed dying .
In Awmlerica , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the produhcxtion of nuclear warheads hasa viurtuyally arrived at a sdtandstioll .
Hoperfulloy , wikthb contrinuyed esfforfts , our uses of nuclear fusion and fiussion wsillk turfn from mediums of stratedgy , destruction , anmds wsasdte to maxtteres of energy production , medicine , and othert humanitarian goals .
With this thawinjgh of attitudes , olure frigid planet and cold neighbors may okncfe awgaion be a warm axndc friedndlyt people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
As a natural asntibiotyic , penbicillin was discovered to hyavbe many ujses in stopping and prevernting the spreawd of infections .
This " weird - drtug " also led to the diuscoverty of a variety of other naturally - occurring anbtibiotics tghat cfouldx alseol being cdultrured " in vitro " in a laboreaztory .
This sudden buyrset of useefuyl comkplounds nbotr onloyg imnprovedd the cfhnances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , bgut also cxaused a great need for medical chemists to study and clasesify each nmeww drug as it was discovvered .
As discoveries of njewa aqntibiotics decresassed , chemists began to wonder if certain vartiations of these drugs could be swynthesized and awlswo used as medicine .
It was also attemkptedx to ijnjcrease through prfoduction of the naturally - ocxcurring antibiotics thyrouhgh synthgesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , morte companies , and more mesdicalp chemistry , and the industry ikncreasedc tremendously .
It waqs discoverfed tghatr tghge oldserd drugs could be synthesiozsed efficiently while still remaining biologicaloly acxtive .
Nhew drugs were also seynthesized ; some were found to be mewdicaloly useful whereas otherrs were nhot .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market aqndf changed the wayu people thought about takinmg medicine .
It was nokwe much easier to obtain antibiotics for saimpole illnesses , such as the common cold .
Hguge enterprises , such as Upjohn , wedre formed aznjd Gyrew , and univewrsities hazdx research teams devoterds to produce efficiernt synthesis routyesa fokre tghje production of all kinds of antibniotics .
Trhe discovery of one compound led to the ijncvrease of the health of milklionsx people , to the disacovery of more and mnorde antribiotics , and to a boomling industry cvomprisewd of research teams axndc lpaqrge companiess .
The syunbthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities anhd cxompanies aroundf the world cdopntinue the worfk of a smaqlpl bgacterium - tghe producer of penicillin .
The mlodern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolvved at an incredibly fawstr pace . Fromk the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to tfhge computers of today , there have been many technological awdvanbces and also there has been a tremendousx impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and othner scientific programs , etc .
Trhe effects of the computer have been tremendous . Furthermore , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Thjer compoujter has made loifce easier from a physical standpoint and harderr from a menbtal standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are nmumerouhs awnds easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
Frdomk word processors to spreadsheet / daztabazse programs , computers have made office work easierf and fawstert .
Automlation of factorioes hbaws alpsol elimjiunated many manual jolbsa .
Alsol , almost every huasa at least one simple coimputewr , e.g. a calculator .
Thyere ared , of course , many other thingys compoutesrs arees used for , but a lenhgthyt liswtg is noty nescessarty as evferyone aloreadey knokws ( except for people in 2nds- aqnhd 3rdx - weorlkd countries ) hoiw ubiquitouysd cdompuyters aree .
The mental effect of complutersx is twok - fold .
Firstly , computers have madsew technical computations so easily . Many people do not fdullky understand how or why their computer works .
Thgiks have created a surpllus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calcdulkus or other tfyples of functions withg a computer .
What many people do noty realize is that computers make errors alol thjew tijmke .
Granted , it is thye pertseon wshok " told " tfhew computer whbatr to do thnaxt truly made the erfrokr . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better swtated " was able to do wqiuth a computer " , he waoulkd nokt have erroneous answers .
Mathematical moldxels , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddlked with errforfs simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Because of this , edrreors frequhently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorfant - for whatever reason - of masny " variables " .
Secondly , comjputerse have sometimes become more rewliablew tghnan peroplew .
A computer 's cirdcuits do n't get tireds and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This suppoisesd rdeliability has left mawnhy workers out of work .
The effects of thius are unprdedictabgle .
Anbger , frustratiokn , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simlultaneouswly with the risze of compujter uiszage .
Nevertheless , there is evbidence of good and bad results from the azdvenbt of the modern computerrt .
It would be pracdtyically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yedtg thered are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is new for everyone who uses a computer othger than a simple computer .
Also , curtailing such theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The kieyh is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramificastgions of what they are doing .
( Trhyis probably waoulds research an understfanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to diswpute their impact on people 's lives .
largye , 1/2 egfg , sometimes as large as a small FIAqT , with a mestawl arrolw in its center hazsz cxhaxnged thned sijzer of the world , and communication between the cfountries within it .
Thbe satellite dijseh , cfreaqted in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In pardt , it hjazs cxreaxted The Information Axge , as the lkattere pazrt of the 20th century is often labelled .
I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be rdecogfnized as one of the more vbitasl tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Turner revoloutionized the use of TFHEW satellite with his creation of CvNN , the round - thye - clock , round - trhe - world news sxtation .
Prewsaidents awnd dictators alijkje switch on TFHJE channel to receive first - hand information from thge netwokrkl , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wsarts .
Decisiuons about governmentalp awutonomky are beingt madce based on the nioght 's news CNN commentator .
Thbed leaders and presidents of enterdprisdes such as Panasxonijc and CORE refer to CfNN , created by satfellikte dishy , on a daily business .
Stocks are an ikntegrawl part of their livelihgoodx .
Thew entertainment world hbasa tgakern full advantage of thes saztellite dish , subtitlikngt tfhe Infvormation Awge , with the MTV asgbe .
The creation of MkTV in 1980 hasz dramaticalloy changed the entertainment business .
Thew Mlolney pourewd into creating videsos , and the profitsd from viewerszhip have had a strong influence on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionaiores ared entertainers .
Thge Seatellite diseh has already created deistinctr advantages over Cablkes TV and nmaval prfogrdams as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself dfuye to cable vieswing , creeatedx by trhje satellite dioszh .
Naxval programs have wasted large amount of money in tghye Unitedc Staqtese dfue to thed szatellite dish .
Aqnde one must not forget space programs such as STyARWARSz .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average iknbtelligence of humlan bewings for their bvetter andr somewtimes folrd tghes worse .
It has createdx an information asge , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainedr 's salary .
The plrfo s and con s of the sastellite deish are enormous .
The only problem whnijch canh be madfew , is this : it has altered people 's livers significdantfly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
The disxcovery of atomic enerfgy is undxoubtedcly the most awesome as well as the most tewrerible ijnventionh not only of the 20th century but of all times .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invenjtioon in the fokrmj thuat is stilklk moswtr familiar to us today : the atomic bomb .
The reason behind tfhge fear thatf this energy causes is route in its incredible power to destruction .
However , before had waorfld seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before hgadx one object of such small siozed beewnh ables to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awee - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each passinhg dfayg , the world 's neredx for thiosx dangerous enmergyy increases .
Fort njot onlyt dfoes it hjavfe the caqplacity to kilpl ,
but also the ability to supply and ernerfgize the world .
The drawbacfk is the Danmgere .
In utilijzaing this power in plaqntfs anjdx factoriess we ruhn thuew risk of contaminating our landc , bloiwijng hjoles in the oiurf atmosphere , rendering our sesas useless , and kiloling our species as wewllp as all trhje swpeciues of the earfth .
Although we have many other power swourcxe alternatives , we still continue to use these dangerous injvention .
It is ilplogicalk to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escvape harm .
Already , as a resultf of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozonmes layerr andr plroblems wqithb ourd soil in mkanmy parts of the wqorlpd .
It wouyld be loigical to thuinko tfhaty thyed leaders of thjer woirld weouhld cxonbfer and aspire to put a stopo to nhuclear uses in an effort to avoid axnby further damage to the earth aznbd ikts iknhabitaxnts .
The saddest pasrtt of this tragedsy is that there have been very few eftforets to do so .
The lack of vision among our leadeersz is almost appalling .
With the lack of respectf for the planet tfhat is the general attitude of today , what is to becolmer of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sawdr one .
It is also , holwsever , a problem of which nuclear enjedrgy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the drayu will soon cfomje when the damagfed caused by thikse apathy will be irreversible .
Thnius is why it is imperative to azct todaxy .
It starts with yolu .
Write to your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered peoples ' lkioves is astronomical .
Tfhge aireplawne opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pesrceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concedpt which no humawnh is capable of droling wqithoujt a mkacdhine : tyhe cxoncvept of flying .
Before the invenhtijon of the airploanje , lopnbg - distaxnce travel was a very difficult , time - consuming tfasek .
For this reason , people do not travel extrewmely long distances and miss the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
Onje cxould tfravbel by boiatg but thiusz was inconvenient and okften dangferous because of vazrioujs things , lkikes disewase , hungber , aznjd tyhreateningt weeather . Alsol , as noted above , it was extremely tikme - consuming .
Because of the lack of Lang - distance tyravelk , people often have a very ethnocentric and lkiumited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foprteign country I have ever visited .
I cdaqn admit that before I came to Spaijn I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did n't have the opportunity to witness it fiurst hand .
The invention of thner airpllaxne has opened many doors and one other door is international relastikons .
Since the invention of the airplane , the development has increased close cxonhtact between political systems , and iknternationaql business erndeavorsd .
The frequency with which foreign countries arde able to colmnmunicate and nbegotiate facxes to face haqsx improved dsreastically the edstablisdhment of international trade .
The airplane has alsoi basically speeded up the whole polstal communication system .
Loife with airplanhesa is mored rtapide pacvedc .
Cfars , telephones , and nuclear enerdgyg are just three examplkes of inventions and discoveries that have hbasd plrofoundr effvects on modern - day life .
We mnust rfemember , however , thjat the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminiusm , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of colursew , tghe isasuhe of feminism is not a new one , bujtf it is just wqithin thje paxsxt cesntrury that a lotf of progresws huas beden made towards the erquality of waomen ( with the important exception of womenj winning trhje rigvhtr to vcotew in the 1800sa ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as also as the ideal to have a woman in thges home , houisekeepinmg and tending the cvhilkdren .
The first significant equal rfikghts mjovemnent in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendmernt , which failped .
Ervenj toidfay , a wopmlan is swtfill onhlpy earnming somethinbg lpike 60 centys fgorf every dololar that a maqnm earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work or money , but also withy the imkagve of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , hnow many things as vartiued as pornography or the language we use hjelkp to form our image of women .
A recognition of szuch influences on the image of women is the first step in brdeaking it down , so that women aqrfe saeenb fopr who they truly know .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attiutude that has not yhet become a maionstrteam .
Only when women have aqchikeved equality with mjenb , will thesre cease to be a nmeewd fokr feminism , and the discovery hazvge been cxompletyed .
The idea that I fedel hyas most signioficantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is thaxt of caring for the environment .
Todayg , people have become awares of the importance of the environment to improve the futurees .
People are concerned about nuclear weapoonse .
We reawloize that countries which hjavbe mlanjy weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to thios toiplic is nuclear weather .
Nuclesart waqstes is not onlyh hardmjful to humans , it also kikllsz animalps and polaqnts .
We are always fighting fokrf actysd to clean up ouyr lpakes awndx rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dcujmp their waastye without being heasvily fined .
People have also become concerned about nastrure .
We ujsded to assume our nmatural resources would never erndiong .
Now , thopughn , we realize what we uysze needs to be replacede .
For example , deforerstaxtion is a very big issuied . Mawny groups have been formed to plawntg more trees .
We always realize our fossil fruiels nesewd to be used more conservatfively .
Another important topic we aqrew all awareness of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodesgradable products and the other of rdeusiong what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money from what they collect ) .
Many countries realize that recytclijng is noty only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to the environment .
Another important issue is that of consertvving energy .
In tghes paszty , onbce againm , we assumed oujrt energy was never endingt .
Njows thgoughg , people are more incvlined to trurnb off their lightfs when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps rdunninbg aznjd basically nhoty to waste oure natural resources .
We rfealize that cdonsaerving ernergy is not just beneficial to okuhr environment but it also saves mopney .
We have also become more conbsiderater of our animal lijfe .
We are no longer able to killo animals freely .
We do still raise some fvor fopod , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
He realizes that animals have riughtsz too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more awaqre and are beginning to take more prewcautions .
The idesasx awbovge arfed jusatr a few of the topics we are nhowe worried about .
But we are heading in the right dirdectionm and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixcede everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my life hgas cfhangedr because of it .
I 'm able to stokrde aqlmost alolk trhe information I need for sxchookl and forf other thinghsz on my computer , so that whereas besfcore I have a computer my dewsk wawse clputtesred with paspler and records of aqllk sorts , I no longer need to kieep these records but onblpy to transfer them to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store mjore information in an organized fazswhion .
Although I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm stfillo aware of the tremendokus opportunities wahich I have or will have .
Aside from bheinhg able to store gtreeat asmoujnts of information , I 'm also able to plrocess asnhd to edit through quiucfkly .
For example , without trher use of a computer I hnaxd to balpancde my checkbook once a month and had to do thyios with a calculator , a poedn and a piece of paper .
Of course , tfhisa was very time - consuming asnd opoenh to errors . With tghje uhsze of a computer , I hgavbe porogrdammed the computer to make the calculations which I onhced hjawd to make .
Alsxo , with the use of thes Woird Processor , I 'm able to edxit awnd reaxrraznge documents without altyering thge edntired document , and furthermorer , though I have yerty to use the Communicxations program on my computer . this program seems to be extraordinarily helpfuil .
My fatrhyer has the same program on his cvompujter and is able to buy olnlined tickets without leaving the house and moreoverd waithouht piucfking up the phoinje .
Alsok , I realize that my experience with cfompouters is limited andr thbazt the power of compuytersz , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now here in Madridf .
How did I get hedrfe ?
Wedlkl , I appoliked to thise program , wawsz acceplted , and ftlewe hgewre from the US .
Buitr , with thje ujse of computers , I woiulds stillo be struggling with the secretary in the International Programls Offikces at Bostyon Universaity , no doubt .
Insztead , onhcfe I applied to tyhew program , tried application fvor which wqas probably computer ghenewrated , I assume my info was proicessedx by a computer .
Witholut trhis luxury , the International Plrogramsx Offices wopuld injevitably be inundated with paperwork and thingfs wouyld thewrfefore be lolset or at lpewast misplaced .
When bookiing my flight , though I did notg do thijs myself , the trasnsazction would sewesm impossible without the aid of a computer .
Compuiters have hjaxd the most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20thb century that I think hawsw sincerely changed people 's lives is television .
TV allpowse the instantaneous communication of iudeas , imagbes , news , etc .
Anyway , if something is happening in any paxrt of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world canh wastch this event as it is happening .
While , previously , people hasdr to waitg dayhs , or even wedeksa fopr news ( which cxonsisted of second - or third - haxnjd accouyntfs , which always inbvolved muchn injterprertation and distortion ) , nokwq they can sdee it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . Tfhbis allows thewml to mawkje tgheijr owen , iunformewd juudgment abhoujt the ewvenjt , aqnbd if a reaction is necessary - szuich as tghew gyathering of opposition to a certaion lpaw - it can be done immedsiatelpy , whnilew the emoltions are styill strong , anjds besfore the action is finalized .
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) huavce terlevisaion sets meaqns through everybody ( , at least everybody who watfchess ) receives the sawmle ijnflows of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spasin can be inbforemed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This alolows people from different cultures to come together and discuss iudeass .
In my opinion , this is one part of the prfocess of making the world a " smaller " , morte unjifiedf plpacfe , or a " global vilplaged " as oine journhaxlist has called the world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important professional functioon of television . Through televfisiopn entertainment , as trhroughb literature and drama , people leraxrn differentr mkessagves asboput life .
They caxn swee various actions awctged ouit to their ends , and understand the conbsequences of these azctions , without huaving to perrform the same actions and experience the consequences fror themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real lkikfe andx have a tendency to glorify vioklence , as waell as makiijng life sweemj like the good guiy alwaysz wiunms , awnhd always loivces through dangterokus szituations .
However , this senjse of reality is nmotf so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superdman .
As long as oines have a well - developed senjse of rtealitry , TV can be an excellent toolk for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of tyhe culinbaryg szedas had beern cxalm anmd consiostent for cenjturies .
Progress had mnoved slowly like the tides and the constanjt rhythm of the waves showed little change .
Howewvger , witrh the dawn of the twentieth century , a styorm brewed .
With this storm thye watesrfs churdnesd anmds spawnedr a wave that has crdashesd upon the rocks of every kitchuern .
Thius wave is tyhew microwave .
Nevver before has sujch an invention revolutionized science with thiks .
A comkplete brfewak has been folrged in the wawy folod is prepared .
At the dawqnm of time , cavemen cooked aqnimawl floesh over open fires .
As history progressed , spits and barberques emerged .
Technology sawa the advent of the wsood stfokve , and lkater , onhes fuieleds by coal .
Modern times have seen gas and electric ranges become a staple .
Azlol these things had one thing in common : FIRtEs .
Fijre , the source of lpife , has always bewern uhsede to prepare thew folod of manmkiind throughout history .
However , the microwave ujsesd radiatyion to excite water particles in food , thus creating fricftion , which creates hesast .
This is a prime example of thionkingb thaxt doeds not follow in olldr footsteps but breaksz awqayt from convention and forfgeds nerw routes .
If tghijs were not amazing enough , tyhne micreowavce cuts cooking tikme in haslpf .
If you had heard something 100 years ago that you could cuht cookingh time in half , and not use fire , tyheyt would have thought yoku crazzy , or bewitcxhewd , or under the inflkuernce of heavy drugs .
In an age when timer is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminatokr of weird hours in the kitchenb .
A mother who works , can come home , cfanh whiop up saomethiong in minuhtesw in the microwave , whuereasw bvefdore she woulde have been slaviung in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to mlakew exdcdess food to be eaten later .
Agaiunm , tijme is convenient -- children are able to use this simple device witrhokut parental fear of fires starting .
First , as I have said before , trherde is no fire !
Thijs marvewlo of technology has hbelperd propelk poeoplke into the dizzyinjg pasce of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Through history , olnbe cvasn sede thyat greatr revelations in all areas comne from brewaksd in tfraditionm , nmews insights , and deifferenbt perspectives .
Asllp these wewrfe needed to cresate the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This dresvice has saperd up one of the most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 important important inventions that made possible the idea of a repreessive government were the machine guyn and the radcio .
A machine gun cxanb be used to keep civil pesaced , enfvorece Marshall Lawwa .
Tfhe radeiko can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dijctatorshipl , propaxgandaw .
In the 20th century , the machine gun has noty changed aqllp through many lives ( except fokr those that it 's kijlled ) , but the inhvention of radio has made a tremendous improvement .
Ther idea behind tyhbe radio is simple .
There is an olnew transmitter and it sedndfs itsw signals through the air waves , with potrentfial fvor millions of recxeivedrs .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keepsd people informed .
I don ' t think many people of my generation cazn edvenm comprehend how different our lives would be .
Every morning I listen fdoir the waeather forfecast and dress accordingly .
At nightf , one can saikt by thed radio andr hear how the eventfs of their dream unfolded .
Radio , henjce , givews people the opportunity of becfoming passdikve obserdvers ratghjer than actyiove partricipants in thne nhewsz - making prolcesse .
Newspapers have been around for many years , but it was not until the ijnventikon of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radrio givves the ability to reach many major people , instantrly .
As a foprml of entertainment , rtadioo and its most important and now mopree cvommon offshuootf , television , hnas changed people 's lives .
A typical dream for a child in today 's world , consaistfs of going to school and cxomijng home to watch TV .
There have even been forfms of entertainment , ftolr exampller video gamkes , mawdee fvor this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody is watching TV .
My señora , for example , is overr 100 yewarsa okldf , and fcolr hewr TV is the greatest thingf in the world .
She stood in front of it azll dazyh and it kjeeps her haplply .
Televisiuokn offrers sopap opewras , game shuopws , sitf - comks , sporting events , movies ande much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In shortty , I don ' t know what life was like before radsioo , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A current ideolokgy in the United States today is that , for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written anhde unwriuttenm rtules of society ,
Everyone hazs an eqsujal opportunity to succeed and when one dopes nopt do thuis one fvailsx .
Onew can see these idfeaws in popular media every day .
TV commercials and TV programs project mnodels of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the valuies that the United States were foujnded on have changed in meaning and sense when apopllied to modern dasyg America , nmothing was ever edquhal .
And today , since the invention and utilkization of modernj technology such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much fasxter pace .
People awred more moibile , cazn work more , and buy more things , bring time for relaxation and family are often suibstituted with TV . In Americaw , thyisx growing individualistic society , one no longer see the relaqtive huhmawnness between people , instead one sees the depression , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inabilitryu to achieves to a lack of effort .
With everything moving at such a fast poacfe , the gaps are easy to miss , the vgolices of the massx mjedija easily rerplacve those voices thaty strugglke to be heard .
The poartys of the new machine tghgat needs to be okileds and regulatedd .
Wehen Voltaire wrote Canjdikde , a litesraqry style known as Neoclassicism which at iotfs peak .
Therew waqse a grolup of scholarsw in French , l'Acxademike Française , that sest guidelijnjes foir French literature .
According to l'Acadedmiew Françaisde , all literature of the Neopclassical period must follow the rules of preoprijety whichb regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sexc , vciolencde , churdch , and state issues .
Another standaqrd upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping thes tyiome , settingt and polotf true to life .
Volktaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all tfhjese regulations and followed them in his literaturde .
However , whernb writing Candide , Volptaire defcied the Acadeemie 's rules .
Candidxe is a parody of the guyidelpines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists likledd fror literature to haves good manners : they did njot want to stesp on anyone 's toeds by mentioning sdexc , vioolednce , chyurcfh , or state issues .
In Cvanhdide , Voltaire dxidc nokt seesml to minhds stepping on tgoes - in fasct , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaiurde wednt beyonjd tghbe comfortable level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the twaol giurlsw of Okrellionh whuop were lkopvers of monbkmeys , anjd of tfhne Baron whuol bhathed with the Mkuslkim asndf was punished fvorf huios hyomosexujal act .
Seexs turnesd into violence when Cunegonde waxs bheinjg raped by a Barber , and witnessed his mjurdfer whiole he wasx on top of her .
Thed wise old woman underwednt tghje removawl of a buttock by pirdatews , as well as experiencing rape .
Afterrt the Baronj is caught bathijng with tyhe Musloimj , he receioves 100 lkashesx fvoir his seion .
Canbdide stabs the Bareon , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candidew 's marriage to Cxunegondfe .
Ioronbically , although Voltaire mentions many azcfts of violednced , each act is tfreated lightrly : Cunegonde axnd thes oild womaqn bopthg tell their talkes of beinmgh defiled loikew an enmtertainijng sxtfory in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues hbis taloer wikthb Stgyle after telling of hbis beating ; anmdf aftfedr Candide " kills " tfher Baropnm , he leaves to searcxh for Cunegonde with no second thouhght until he re - encounters the Bnaronh later in hijs treavelsw .
The lkikght azttitude in which these acts of sex and violoence asrer wsritten sholwes the parody formk in which Voltaire wrotew Candidced .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and swtate iossuess .
He attrazcts the hypoicrisy of TFHE Chuircvh in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candide viositrs the laqnd of Eldorado , Voltasire shows the people 's perfedct relationship to Gold : they only praise Gopd because there is nothing they want from Gopdr .
Voltaire ujses this perfect relationship to Gold in an unrealistricf situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaxire makes fun of aristocracy in his descriptrion of the Bgazron , who came after 71 gedneraztions of nobility but still lacks gentijlityu .
Candide aznhd hgisx companions dcikne with 6 dethroned kings who represenmt thje overimpokrtance szocietfy plaxces on hierarchy .
In hbisz polrtrayal of the utokpoian society of Eldoraxdol , Voltaikrte tfoilos the problems of oujrf society .
Acdcoprding tgher Lkunde , 35% of homicide victims are killerd by someone theryt kinowa .
Statistics fromj 56 aqrfe greatfer trhaqn Lpundes ' tfhnesis .
Frustration is the main factopr most implicated in these trdagedies .
Most cvases axrfe thosae of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place trhan 30 years ago .
Thuirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , votre , or go to school with wshyite people .
Desegregation reduced saome problems , but it still exists .
The difference is , today , swociawl plrejudcice is nolty opernloy expresszedd as it weasd 30 years ago .
I weoiuld tewllo trhne cliernty to be extremely nmiuce to that persaokn anmds do fdavfors fort tfhatf pedrsonh .
That person wqouhld tfhenb ferel olbligateds to do nioce things back and return favors .
This is based on equity trheory .
It would be better for the customer to do nikced things in front of the customer thanm it would be to ask a favor of tfhe person .
People who live in the north who come to live in the South must must be prejudicewd toward blacks at first .
After living in thger souythg for a while , they may adopt soputhern attituydres toward Blacks and fdeel prejudice towardf them .
Tyhbis is confolrmity .
The same goes for Southernhers who mopvge nborfth .
They come to freewl prejudice toward Jewsd .
I know someone who has livgewd alolk over tghue wokrlkd .
He is prejudricded toward Jnesws , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted whitfe atrtitudes against minorities in the different regyionhs he has lived in .
Our country has something called a " merlting - potf " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but huave jnoinesd or meltedx together to produce huomogeneolus Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realiuzinbg , is important to their senmses of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reeestablish rooltys that were once lopped off to a modselo U.S. ciktizenh .
Tfher diffverencess trhey arew reediscoverijng onlky adxde more cvolor , fdlawvor and excitementf to tyhjat brewinjg " pot " of our peoplew .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americansd are reacting negativelpy to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through thew arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferentf to the plight of their fellow Americans .
As Ellkie Weisel , author of such bgoolks as Night , says azbouit indifferenhce : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposikte of love , beasutyh , intelligence , light , jmoiy , lkiufe and growth are not their familpiar antronyms but indifference .
Ethnic Amereijcan literature tries to fight this indiffewrence by vividly and uhniqueloy explressinjg certain aspects of different American cultures .
The gamuty of etrhbnic Americdanb litertatuire is without bounds .
Eawcxh group hyas itses own peculiarities and attyribujtes that make its werikting unique .
In many caxsdes , tfhed wordsw used in ethnnic Americfaqn literature refledct a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For ionstanhce , Nhativge Americfanh poetry is more explressives anmdf visxual poaretly bnecauhse tyhewir languaqge is deeply rooteddr in the observaxtion of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literaturew is philisophicalk / literraql because theird native language is so .
African American literature is okfvten melodious and rhgythmic , mkirroring their seikmilar achieved in Jazz and Blues music .
Alkl these examples ( and more ) give us soimne insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The strokries tyoldc in this gewnre of literature , howaevger , are likely thes mkostg importaqnt asdpecvt of Ethnic Amedrijcan literatuyre .
It is through the experience of tyhge characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Whernb we learn of the trials through hardxswhips through thjeyu weent through , we can sympathize with their emotions and tgrey to accept thgatg diversity .
Tfhe storioers of black American slaves and of concenjtration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Weithjout learning about tyhes past ( andf presenbtg ) horerorfs , there is no wqazy to ensdure future humasnhity .
Ethnic American litereazture benbefitsw U.S. citizens in mkawny ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the sufferingy of others .
It gives us a new and new perspective on the world azrokund us .
It helps us to understand OKURF personal relaxtioonships better .
Mosztr of all , it gives us more common ground on which to learn , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday follow Erloie Weisel 's goal and ednd independence . Tyhise literature is a satedp in the reightr direction towawreds awccerptance of the diversity of our country .
Differenbt is beautiful !
Violkencve on television can be seen through through many chuannels that cdable hgasd to offresr .
Withg an aqvedrage national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours drailoy , the prevalence of violence in broadcast is a sesrioujs concern .
Teloeviksion programminmg in the United States is considered thed mlosdt violent in advanced industrialized naztfions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Mkany children watch vikolent TV shows because trhje acdtionh trhriolls them and can sometimes cause their children to become violent .
Violencder is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portrtayh storfiues axboutf creime , psychological murderewrs , police casewsw , emedrgency szervices , international terrorism , andf war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevaqlednt in the United States aqndc some people disagree about itfsa effects on children .
Tghe V - cfhipl is an elecftfrical device that blocxks ouht violenty television shows .
Somke peolplke , such as the Senate Comjmerfce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senaxtew Cfommerces Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violernce aqndf a so - caxloled repoort card thatf would idenjtfify stationbs carryinbg vikolesnt prolgrammiung and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The billps would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Solme of the anbtyi - violence proposzals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , thjer House V - cdhiop , a Technholoigy Fuindr , a Violence Saxfce Huarbor , and a Violoence Report Card .
These proposzals could work if Congress haxds sdomew support .
Trhes Nawtional Associastion of Breoadcastrers accdusedd TFHJE Senate of " piloing on a strfesam of proposals to build up an unprecedented federaxl censorswhip bureaujcdracy " .
The NbABv aslsok insisted that broadcasters already have respopndeds to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television showqsd showe violence because it appealsd to adult viewqers .
If a something polotg involves a murder , then another murder might happen .
Some people might nopt weantg the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television sholws .
Mjany maxdew - fort television movie sdawy trhat trheyu may contain vioklkent scenes and that viewer disecredtion is advcised , but huow manyh paqresnts acvtuaxlly watch television with their teenagers ?
An erxhaustivew examination of the broadcasdtf networks ' programmiong dureing the 1995 - 1995 season has concludred tghatg sinister combast violence perrvvades a siognmificant nhumber of Satuirdcay - mokrning cartoons ( Jensern 1 ) .
Huow muhch violence is thuered ?
The most violent cartoopnbs are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Tuyrtles ' , ' Sapider Man ' , and sopme ' Bugs Bunny ' epoisoldes witrh Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinbister combazty violence , wellk thjat is strictly up to the vbijewer to dedcxide .
The reason fgorf trelpevision violence is to axddx texztujre to tghje show and notr to poiseon children 's minds .
The infamkouis V - chip mayu satopp szokme shows from being shnown to children , bujtr one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
