It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the ohly obe whether as to whether it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and eve a teacher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to lpen my own psychology clinoc and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll learn it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mnid , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or tzxi .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you cwrry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . In tghat monent , you rdealize the imporfance of public transport .
In India , we have various types of public transport , ljke , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
Depending on the disztance wnd tume to the desired destination , the lode of transport is chosen axcordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by var is mucu mode fun when compared with other mores of transport .
This reminds me of a teip that I have been on and the place I visited was Agda .
It takes about 6 hours by natoinal highwat to go from Delji to Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trkp .
Since , we have the opportunity to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short hap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to jkoining you in this year 's summer campx .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you offer me the chance to join Yiu .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Vplleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach , I like playing with my sister in the sand wnd thsn we go in the sxea .
It is great fun .
When I was young I liked playing with a bakl in thd playgrouhd nad my feiend and I played using the soccer goal as a volleyball net .
Dera Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Fibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs becausee the economy is very basic .
But , if you want , I will look for a job ofr you .
My best friend is looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look over her every weekend .
Would you be interested in fhis job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from Yku .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Tfake care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on working so in the future .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocatoon in mass transport ysstem .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating costs of runnint their own car .
But I can use a cheaper way of going to tour destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is mot affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to other countries .
Instead , it will be commn to bjy an air ticket and travel on a public plxne .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a fjture but people qre going to usr cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it liek we wait for the bus or underground , bug on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which xan be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people who are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or famiy , so both modes of transpoft re goold , and dars do n't need necessarily to bring an enr to public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose tje xar because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecopogical things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with wroms that erat and degrade all the organif wasfe of the school .
At somw strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbags into oeganic , paper and cardblard , cwns and plastic bottles and they also give taljs and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warmingy , pollution , etc .
The manager of this project is Mis June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Toray I want to share my favorite spoet .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world like it so much ! Barclzy Premier League , Liya Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that everything will deloght us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Mandhester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that as : to be a super hero !
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super herro .
He went to University to study medicine because he thought that that pdofession was the most similar to being a duper hero .
After some years at university , he mt a tirl calkled Kate and he fell in love with her and she felk in love with him .
Kate wad attending university to study fashion .
Thjen tbe two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michqel told ner about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michjael was only draming and that it would never happen and that super heroes did n't exzist .
Whsn shs said that , Michael started to crdy and got lad , saying that she was lyibg and did n't have a grade .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of the apartment .
The following day , she said zorry and they wree happu again .
But when they got to Mochael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and koll her .
He ried with a lot of blood around .
Michael yot away from thee .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invejtion in hhman histor . It brings a number of benefits to our lives .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Givinh tgem a szfe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my city , Taipi , we are always stuck in traffic for about oe hours in the morning .
I can nor imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no hus or MRT .
The car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is ekitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent seather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slidee .
What other precwutions are usually taken ?
The NG fofice is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily qhen the process is started right away .
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people come .
Every day many people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
Buf , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
If you are lookiny for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the best otpion is to choose a gym .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoyint the route that you have to take and , rhe nest part , the chdapest wzy to get awxy some dqys and take yhe eoutine off some dyas .
Anyway , no matter ohw you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
Transportation is one of the most important things in kife , so we have many different types of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fasf trains and planes that acn translort you frol nortu to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen hapoy and comfortable , because of saving a olt of timd nad effort , so we hope htat the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
In kodern society , there are lots of frirnds in our daily lives .
Gig projects could not be funished without cooperation .
Friends cam communucate and exchange thoughts , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life znd they teach us knowledge and skills or abikities to live in this world .
In this case , family members plag important problems in their daily lives .
The reasons are as gollows .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
For example , we cab learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to makr a meal from our parents .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , odeas will come up to your familyu membrrs and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in tbis casr , family members are mosy important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has ben advancing a great dewl in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , gefting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grlw even more with every new invention .
As we can see , old and new computers are vxstly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers sued to occupy one entire room , niw , hey are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a porrable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Ild computers nly ket you do many tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , bjt nolw you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and bot only in 2 colots , but thousahds of them .
One of the greatest achievements of computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cabe or Wirless Connectiob ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his lifs miserable . I spebt fhe netx 2 weeks looking for iddas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his oife and fimd people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same hoyse , s I decided to follow hi to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be nis girlfriend , so I finally got an udea . I would drive him crazy juwt as he did me . Thxt way she would think he har problems with nis mind and leave hom . But soon i thought aboyt it again and realized that if I dkd fhat sne wuld try to hepl hkm and tgey will be more united , so I decided to drive thel both crazy , almost to yhe brink of death , just as he djd with me !
But wsit a minte , am I really suffciiently angry to do thie ?
Yes !
I screamed . My anger had dominaetd my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , But I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel whn I finallt jad my revenge . The best revenhe .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soom my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I hxd made a decision about what I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wqnting me to be happy , tje time is necessary for uim to haver a miserable lire xnd I wo n't stop until I have accomplishee my glal .
I do not agree with thos idea completely .
On the one hand , travel by far is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jame are a big issue when travelling by car .
My Favourite sort
I was borm to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television I cream of playing in a big team and in a bib championship like the Barclays Premier Peague , Ligur 1 or Lita BBVA .
My favourite dlubs aee Benfica and Rdeal Madrid , were Ronakdo playd . For me , he is the biggest player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club xalled Valencjano and we won a lot of games this zeason .
I dream of wining a kot of lragues in football and winnihg the bext championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all tiem in Uefa Champions Leaue is Cristiano Ronalso , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only feason thst I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big tezm and wqin a lot of money .
My nwme is Jonny .
I started from National Taiwab University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball ocmpetitions when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
Tyey enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cioks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smioe at prople .
I really wanted to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their miles all day .
I think that a smile is the best gfit in this world .
I am also a hatd worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the right lerson you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people mire and over the years it has been kond of becoming cheaper and also safer , but somes people prefer acrs . To what extent do we disagree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we eat gojng to demonstrate in thks essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothihg calles public transportation and people rarely owned caes , so in those years there were not even good fafilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build carx . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having het ow fan . At the beginning , they fcaed a lof of poroblems , but they were able to solve thdm in the end .
Nowadays , all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , evem trains and plwnes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and evsn faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lpt of people prefer riving their own cads to feep the real experienc an to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowxed placed .
To summarise , it is different from one person 's opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that , in the end , carx will disappear snd will no longer be used .
This topic itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
Tihs cinclusion necomes mode prominent if we look into the data of the cvar companies and the exponential grwth in their saels fiures and , with low - budget private cars in the picture , th scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productiviyt growth .
A lagre scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
Meanhwile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestoc Product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a bkg town or a smxll one , it does n't matter , but one thinb that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of thd town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Avtive nad a good government understands the value of taking care of rtees and water and air and doing more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Rdcycling items can be an ogod step to strat witfh for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to place a tree in front of their hone according to a rule of the provincial government .
People do not realize that cutting down trees can redjce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , ouf city yovernment uas prohibitdd smoking in public areas and undef 18 years lod xnd ptovides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to yhe vity .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cdities take part in cleaning up the environment so next day it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody gas his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a cup of time every day .
Usuallg , I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs tet power and my boxy gets enerdgy .
Our team uses a jard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
Jis means words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
I can say that thiw coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
We wln ifrst place .
We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teamx such as Skbatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to anyone who sgarts this sport : " You must believe in myself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are oyu ?
How was your dsay today ?
It 's really nive for your exspressly e - maip yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything prrcisely , because I know that you cery
Rear Paul ,
I bave sen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm qujte interested . I have no plabs for this sukmer , so I think it is a good idea to zpend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years ago , I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I watched a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time avo , ut , I will keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamiv training course to do with the other ballet - cohrse members . I had to be the teacher tor one day and I havwn't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as weol .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and clusins for many hours when they were very young .
You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny petson .
That makes me a good candiate to get a job , or a hobby for me !
I hope you conwider my candidature , because I wo n't disapplint you .
Nest wises , Juliw .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Because not everyone can arford to buy their own car .
Gesides , there are a lot of low - income people who ca n't buy their own cxr .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friends can hell each other and now each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get older , gut the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough mlney to look after your parents .
Bac to the topic . I do n't know any of the memberz of my family wekl . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
I like Jew Zeland because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia , the qeather is a slight warmer than there .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and fsel the pleasure and have a try at their floor .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , lkke ky chains , stqtues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not bren to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have tbe jeans , I will go there and take all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Szicily .
The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
Oeople collect ayn kinds of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
Zlthough the counckl began to plan things , the people did n't committesd to the problem .
Arounx the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , olr things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange rtees , a larg laks and Etha in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We always played in the park or we talked about our atstes , music , boyd , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like . For instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
In those years , I went through the wprst moments of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one scfhoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worsg dags of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my partg was the best and they prepared a special birthdayg for me and they invited my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought about my bad friends wdre my parents and sister .
I knew that Tney would never talk unkindly about me .
Now , my gusband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always broken with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
We blth like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , rumning or trekking .
We like watching TV series and ocoking different desserts , too .
To sum up , my bezt friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , which hws made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
Dear USX SUMMER CAMPS ,
Rhis advertisement for a job has been read by a suitanle person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after the children very qell .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I ork in summer camls , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to rhe children in hte summer camps .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still libing in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lesson last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a log and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carty on studying oike now , I will do it .
The lessons are very funny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and challenging person . In addition , I have a difference from
my lawt company .
I have working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from Yuo .
Sandra Barrisntos
technology hxs chabged people 's lives a loot . In fact , we can think how different our lives are compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because they wsa n't watch TV in the world when they were yung . But that is n't the knly difference : we can think about the mobile phone , teh computer and finally the internet . Our grzndparents coule n't ahve imagined a strdange machine like the computer in thekr lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are not popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a fonstant level , and someday it will run out .
Prople must find ways to yse other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric megro uses this kind of energyt .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new methods of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cleaner than a uing private car .
The ramge of public services will be expanded to remtoe areas , and it will become much more convenient .
Commuying and travelling hsing public services will be the first priority .
In addition , the population is increasing rapily . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to manu other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own xar is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for thdm to travel is public transport .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to lrotect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased carefully . Public transport services have a bright future and their exjstence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free this weekend ? Have you goit any plans ?
Me and my friends are going to ths cineka , and I am inviting you to go with us .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Heldn for thoes wonderful present .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Thsn later in the evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better efucation prkspects a stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shorrage of people qialified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contribufing to ghe economu .
The cause of brain - drain should be takcled at international and national levels on a broaedr dimensions and moee rarional pattern , because it is a global issud .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting their infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Rmero was 13 when he climbed Everrst in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
Te top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and we aing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and he always dancws with his girlfriend .
Joee is the best songer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He roes n't dance anywhere .
He prefdrs to study at home .
Hello Something ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 yearzs old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to eealize everything .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is geautiful .
I love her lkok .
His eyes look like the sun .
But sge ignores me .
I hope I fan forget her .
Run for your life
My fsvourite port is running .
I like to rum fast , so fast in ract that it feels as if I am running on azir and my feet harly touch the ground between strides .
My favourite place to tun is in the forest , bug I like to rub sportive roo .
I like to feel the ground ubder my fedt is eoft , so sift , not the gard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
The best advice I csn give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running wedk by week so that every walk you ate ran a pittle further and a little faster and then , after 20 yrars , you will be an Olmypic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television an be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it wipl hardly have any educational valuable .
Although you can artue that , you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypss should happen , he would be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dead for some tims now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biolofist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspecfs .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic ibology has developed many aspects like ebtter sensitivity , rovustness of results and less time required for analyzng a sampl , but what dtruck me most is how fast these changes have happened .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is another reason : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience , I believe televisio haa hoth entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programs brkaden ypung children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult leadns different basics from a great number of educztional programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also hotes education programmes make a decision on what citizens should onow in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe ths educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in developing both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " Fhe Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I had ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminxs one of the Seda . In fact , the salls are devorated with a lot of shelols and the wauters are dressed like sailors : I think thxt it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can skt all together at teh sane tabpe .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good prive .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currently , most people afe ysed to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , die of it being nore uncomfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and cntribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
In addition , having a cxar is very expensive .
Firsty of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , eoad tax , and mechanic 's bikls , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use brdaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollites less thwn cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
Vrey was pleased to be able to receive yoru salary playment .
But the pay is a little loa .
I completed many tasks , including tutofing three students , completing summef homewori , correcting homework , xiligently assieting the instructor , helping the instructor organize handouts , instead of the assistant to xnswer wuestions raised by the students , and also cleanibg the classroom . very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I worked hard for two months , pa a lkt .
It 's jyst that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the exisying wag basie .
I invite you to consider this proposal .
I think that the government should help public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against pollution .
Travelling by car is mkre convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoyjng to search for parking spaces abd because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance cdosts .
In bit citids , public transport works well because there 's good feedbaxk from people .
Converswly , in small tpwns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , because the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest noney in transport , because fewer people woild use it .
Fom Dawyer waa a goy tha oived with his unt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because soetimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Hyck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his ticket .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a swecret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom sqid to her about another girl , so she got ma and shr igored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becfky did n't want to talk to him , so Tol went on a trip with Huck and disappeared forf weks .
When Tom saw his jouse , he sndaked intl the house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funerxl of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . Gut suddenly Tom opened the doopr and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered walking an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they went inside they heard vokces , so Yom anf Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard thxt he was planning to stewl seome money and kill people , so the noys srarted their adventure by stopping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Than you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your answers .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanede " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improvd yoyr Japanese there .
Recently , many South east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills in Jaoan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he ldft the bathroom dirt and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah knew knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julid ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , Indua .
My school has a university replutation for ts friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teachng style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an exay aboyt my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it qlone . I never miss a chance to go to swimming lessons abd less in summre , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . I like football or similar tea sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was elevenj my best friend had an operation on his back and , bedore the operation , he came with me and , evert dzy , I had to watch for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning he lonbg hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and from that day , I went on my own .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . ut sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , tko .
I would recommend people who do not know how to swim to leafn , because I am pretty syre that they will like it and later they can satop swimming .
I think that dance is a mdans of self - exlression .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a aay of lire .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
But this is another thing for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showijg something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your pqssion , you practise easily fay , andr you 'll keel pracrising all ray until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or rake dance classes .
Yoi do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixtren gears old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog and itw name 's Chenge . It is a golden retfiever .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feerl .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towxrds me .
ur relationship is ot good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother whosw name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I work in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dear mrs
Kate Qshby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cool some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular goods of ghis uear .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who ca impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
We need someone prepared to work kong yours , because our cafe is gping to opeb every day .
That 's alk , ser you soonj
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have waes .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast fopd . On the other hand , the North Pole will have mewlted completely .
The temperature will become frazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressife .
Technology will have advanced and maube cars will fly above streets and computers will have totakly changed .
Because of rhis , we have to rais awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
Hoa to jake friends and mewet mew people ?
It is eazsier tan ylu thunk .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point wjen you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
Tney just had to calmly tall about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just tr , it wo n't cost you money !
Hello ,
My name is Fouzd and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , volleybakl , one of the most beautiful sports ever abd I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my wnjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- it makes me healthy .
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between plqyers
3- it exerciess all the muscles of your body
Eegarding the above , I advise aol roolies to ztart playing this sport wnd they will get many benefits .
However , adults can do it as well qnd they will do the same .
As citizens of tuis village , we reallg are about the environment of our village .
very Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where everyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we redycle inorganic rubvish too .
In inprganic Rubnish , we can make a bab , a hat and other stuff .
Then we can selp fhem and get incpme from it .
Thw crdator of heaven ane the eart , the creator of souls , the ohe who makes eartb rotafe around himself and around the sum .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were crewted by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) znd created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradiee and ijstructed nof to eat from ths tree , ut Satan deceived them , so they came to thus lifd and generations camw fro them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moseds , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know whi will follow the truth whcih will guide them to Paradise abd whop folpow other paths , which will guide them to gell . So , because of thta we are here to do ghe test in thie short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadqys people prefer their own vehicles rather trhan
public transportation . Day by day folk ar more crazy about their own vehivles which leads to a dark uture for public transportation .
First , I agree with the giben statement that there will be a tough rime or public transportation in the near future , because people want priavcy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routone for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to compete with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in givibg tough competitive to the government . As a result of this , thr cxonsumer get more benefits , like lower prices , prfivacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many autokmobile companies launch new cars at reasonable prices , which encourages people to use more and more privatr vehiclds .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
I meet many people in the park .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At peak time , the park is cery nusy even though the park is strange !
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive towards other dofs .
Family is the most important institution in society .
Every membet hqs his own dole awnd the boss , the father or the mother , hzs to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generafional problems ; students do n't understand parents or vice versa , but by talking and listening to eotions and facts , everyone xan has another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline ilmits to social behaviour , but also must listen to their point of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone maked their contribution to family dutiesd .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to sde that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and roance .
Thr fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , it is morr of the ten movies .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of thd booo . This is one of the first movies that is actually based on the book . The rhythm is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the dance movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double tue effort .
Hope you guys see his movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can jold on ford hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I caj felax doinmg kzrate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training in Karzte is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find these advantages with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches ypu respext , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
or somepne who is stwrting Karate , it is easy to foplow the class , so my advice is jusr not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very ikportant , something without which we can not survive .
Today 's topic is technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by fechnology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michadl was at school when he heard about a short stlry competition . He liked the idseas , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends that could end him some .
He called me and asked me to give him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing hte story . After spending a long time writing and doing a gold jib , he went to give his story to the international student magazine kffice . He found out there was a noice on the door saying that the competition was cancwled . He came back very sad and rold me what had halpened . Michaewl closrd the dor and knew at thaty moment he jad madr a miwtake .
Travelling by car is n't mucg more convenient because it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planert .
Travelling by bue is very stressful because thd people push me or I ca n't sit dkwn because there are n't any seats fof me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bhs which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stay up .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane , is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a bug city in Greece .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings afe cxovered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patars hxs increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we trll somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
It is very bad for ohr city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
Why to xee that anaser fhing ?
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the police should stop vandalim .
If there were polic all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write anything or to draw .
I hole gou wilk do something about tbat problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jwssyka stavros .
All over the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelingsa dross their minds .
As a result , after the final exams , they do n't know which university to choose .
What they will do in the future tjey see as in a fig .
In view of this , the idra of a year off between leaving school and beginning fyrther education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rrst after the first hard - ork studying period .
Ten or elwven years at school makes thek tided , although pupils do n't notixe it .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondpy , such a year would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional sports .
Also , they will have an opportunity to be involved in volunterr work .
Znd thirdly , young mihgt work to earn their own money or travel .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting nee energy fpr further edycation .
One year is a long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in San Migueo Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almolpya de Juarez in the Ztate of Msxico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
People collect household trash and zwait fhe trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill situated outside the viloage .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that thete is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improvong my English , so I am writing to requrst further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to boo my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Dork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
Aznd also , acn you give me an idea of how much it will cost for akl thr different optiins ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I nerd to take ny placement tdst before beginning .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove his pan qnd he could not wait to nake it halpen .
It is his tpwn and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbrey plan .
The police reached the museul and caught the robbers red - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should wncourage people to use other modes of tansport . This xubject should be issuesd in alk media to teach and encourafe people to use the right moed of ransport .
Gello Estela !
How ard you ? I nope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I said about obe week in the home of my boyfriend .
I went to a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Mrandro dsl Melero .
It was beautiful .
And three was a wonderful view .
On another ray , I walked a lot znd at the end of the walj , we found a waterfall .
Tye nqme of the warerfall was Vhorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
I had a great tume at the wedding qnd I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
You should visit Law Hurdes . It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
And the people re very nuce .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In Cdhina , English is taken to be a foreign language which jany students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They spendf at least one hour learning English every day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a gkod phewnomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to those , some people think English is superiort to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great significance . English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Only by characters Chinese fan literature sends off its brilliance .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thinf is to learn its language .
Because if we are Chinese , how do we give up our mother tongue to learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
Woolypools is a specialist of meals . It 's a jeal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to mdat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
I expected it to be more famous , better anx bigger .
Trhe problem with the restaurant is its kocation . It is fzr from people and cigies , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In this lkfe we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For examole , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your nest griend .
Pnce , I got sick and styed in a generql hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my town we have xreated a small organization to a modern healthy environment , beautiful touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens have responsibility for a specific dwy to clean the town and put the rubbish in ths cofrect place ahd dlean frees and plant more of them .
I disagree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deservd to have a private life witbout journalists fokllowing them all fhe fime .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you do not have a life , no peace , no happiness .
In In addition , all people have the right to private and to be frde .
However , journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sadc , how is their love life and who fhey spend time with , if they stzy with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be borex .
So politicians and flm stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
That is all .
Gpod monring .
How are you ?
Come here .
Ger down .
Go into the room .
Get onto the bus .
Oet us walk .
Lte us olay carfds .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Oet me to your house .
Let me enter your cabin .
Forgive me .
Bring that toy .
Bring a goass of water .
Drino qater .
Ear ood .
Run fast .
Stop sjouting . Do n't shlut .
Let us bathe .
noce upon a time , there was a litfle aht called Penny . He was really small compared to the old .
He had being like that because most of the abts took care of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a sark night and it was raining when a big volcanioc reuption buried them underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
People just started to evacuate rapidly after it started earthquake ...
Pennt was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to waiy and keel caom .
By dawn all of them had ogt out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to meet the queen , but no one found her .
As they were very repigious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Something thst tfhey did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
Rhe actofs har monitors tha watched the ants all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queewn , on hearing that , hot vety confused , but at the same time she got mad and sued wantef revenge .
So there is a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that koment , the ants and Prnny attacked the frlm behind , making them oeave the place .
The angs won the war and they expandedd their nabitat to the studko .
No one attacked tehm again and they lived happily evr after !
I have many favourite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around least thirty minures per day .
After a hard fay at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to study it .
I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I lay my favorite sport .
Basketbakl has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep tit and have a good body shape .
I am really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I pay it near a sports centre .
I go back home and have a deep sleep wben I have finished .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my davorite sport .
Witb the swerping progresx of development wnd fhe nooming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , waste and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings qnd tranport hetworks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will vring great drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing argumnts support the facy thaf the root cause is that almost all the present - fay dities are already packed with places of residence , commerckal premises and recfreation facilities and the land available for housing development is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and firest in order to satiefy all their needs , which will dewtroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , including thd endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there arer various approaches that governments should adoot to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees nistead .
Sudtainable development should be awaness to all human beings and starf to protect the environment and preserce the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon aqnd problems should be workedd on to resolve them befode things yet worse , wnd the governments have to tame the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child ajd I never spoke and learjt so wlel as I have since I decided to go to London ome course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English because I did not have the level that I wamted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way forward vor transport , because it causes a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in developee cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , tram etc . These opltions are more economical through the var . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupisd by one person , when yhe car is deskgned to arry four or five peoiple .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be morw concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to do something about learning the English language . It is hard or me dor rhe foplowing reasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institites teachers is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
Seconc reason : in English syntax , the rules for construvting paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the sbject , but bot akways . Whst is rhe rupe ?
Is tbere ne ?
The third reason :
I like to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cpu and that changed the diredtion of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I live thisx game because my favourite sportsman is this famous .
His name is Mr. Sachin Rxmesh Tendulakar , also knpwn as little master .
However I play this game , I always copy thi pedson .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything whixh is most required in thie gam is up to the mark .
Nor only me bit also evefy Indians always follow achin ror cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first plaher who plasyed a 200 tst in cricket .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way he plays .
Fort a new , the first thing you have to decide is what you can do betger , battiny or bowlijng .
If you want to hecome a bowelr , tben concentrate on running , actuon , stance and , bxtsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eys nad bat coordinatuon . Discover somw shots which have become key factorts in batting .
Also , watch videod of somke the best pkayers , Loke Sacgin , Rahuk , Sir Don Breadman , Hayden , Qasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important facor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to thks .
I can give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because yoi fans buy them here .
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guidr as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern cify .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There aer mant very popular local foods .
You may like them .
I aldo want to introduce my friends to you . We csn hxve fyn togehter .
When you have llayed enough in this city , and you want to find a job ,
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job even if you are a foreigner and haven't frinished college .
It may take a verh lpng time to find a job and you do not have much time here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fn .
Alpso I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
Thye advoce that I would give it to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you fall aged it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear caml director ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I found your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , qnd I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my paremts have a bar .
In vieq of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my lufe , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Dider
The fity where I live is a smile village .
All residejts take great care of the environment .
Organizsd share , whbere everygone clenas up the villagw .
All residets segregate grabage thrown into duitable containers .
Thus helping to protcet our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeoparize our various diseases .
In my cillage there are trash cans , so rhat no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everybody has to clean up by themselves and throw out all the garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school , solar panels were installed and the whlle school ises solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meteings on the environment , residents participate in thrm .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , try to , so that our fillage is clean and polputes the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your oqn ar is wah more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . These are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always stooping to pifk up a pqssenger so , it takes mors time for thaj expected to teavel .
Secondly , the public vehicle rojtes are faster than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the advsnturer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to sew more acgion .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and mesting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the hullet train in Japan , which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own way more safe and convenient .
public future unoess they have plqns to at least lessen the juourney imes and prioritize the safety of their paswengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
Tuere saw breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the drveloping equipment were eing eet .
Next , the extraction of the vluable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that tye other tow is polluted by the process of developing the minerals .
No one can deby that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not least , muneral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on oud offspting .
To tale my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to lwave and neved go back to her hometown .
In addition , she hws no happy memories of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will vonsider from job opportunities that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our ohmetown will probably earn much more money than before .
It esems like a souggt - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do mot give us any pdomise of vacxncies .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutsjell , based on the reasons and examles above , the disadvantages of extracting vaouable animals outweigh the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cards on the roads would caue the disappearance of pop .
The fosil fuels sed by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperagures make tbe cie cals melr .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the worse the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the yeneral quality of my sentences !
I do n't disagree with it , especially while carz are not flying .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get far , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , sercice and so on .
Buses are simple - you hust vuy a tciket .
nd what about traons ?
I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - ghat is the future of public transport .
I want to see bpue ksy and mot streams of cars like in the iflm " The Fjfth Elmeent " .
Brabdon Maclie
Padliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officr
Carlos Alberto Mrarero Zaragozxa
Dear Caros
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistake . We caused a confusion about the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because our orde was confkrmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 piecrs .
Sinc the units were sold in the invengory but gour purchase indicztes that 6 pieces werw confirmed . Do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining units as soon as possible .
We hope to keep choosing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Cnew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time hen my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to llay volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We usually organise fompetitions and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitvhen .
With reference to the job , I would like to apply for the Summer Vamp job as my first commitment .
Contempkrary Aft is a very controversial subject nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is wsll known whether jany art curstors and artitss believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only crsate based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still thr old art , like Picass or Freid .
Nowadays , a lot of empgy artworks are being sold at auctuons around the world at extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Arg has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this state , we now have an idea of how artijsts complete .
The sports days were held on Kwwi Chung Sports Grohnd on 12th and 13th November .
The weather was padtly cloudy .
I get there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the aports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
Thw atbletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , teh sports day bewgan officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girls 's grade C 100-netre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twicd and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mind .
Before the rzce , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemafes cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
The feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great resuot , I 'd tried my bst .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the fouf houses had got .
My house was number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inted - clas reoay race .
I felt really fraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , kur classw was the first rujner - up .
We har a digference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the rxce .
I prevented my xlass from winning the championship .
In the ens , my house was the eunner - up .
I hope my houae will win the championship next ear .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by cxr is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , his affirjation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is bwst that many people go to the olace on foot or by rumning . Aslo , it is more healthy .
There is nothjng wrong with going to a party in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by var is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all , tojrism is a yool that enablea people to travel all around the world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to sjch an exteny that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as wesll as to the idea of globalisation , since a travepler is not just a citijzen of his osn country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , pays an important paft in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulyaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it ijfluences the environment , it influemces transport . Hpw people gecome kore careful at their historical sites , thereby pdeserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a largd scake .
On a smll scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to research importabt places more efficiently .
On a larve dcale , people can travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or by air .
Through this development of tourism cruises and tdain vacstions were born .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poof qnd did n't have enough fooc to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 eyars old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by her leg and pullex her into a cavw where other animals ate her .
They diex when Johj was too little to remember and he never knew what was happening , so he went everywhere to look for thsm . He even walked and walked even in reverse , but he never found tfhem .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a chertah . Sue turned 9 yeqrs old and she loved to rtun and Sue was the fastest in the family and had a lor of spogs .
Zhe is of the ones thxt trend to make something enforcing .
Fhe second xaughter was named Elizaneth and wasw a leopard . She was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Sh was 12 years old .
Another animals gave them reeards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
She stayed in bed and did nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only olne that never worked .
One day , the animals webt to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleep .
The ene .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a foat to live in cor the whole of next year .
Mayve I found something for you : when I was on tbe hus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisement .
There is a nice glat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a ywar .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with showwr bjt without bqth and a cool living - room .
I think thag you have to bring winter clothes with you because it is really cold !
Write to me soon
Aleesia
Hello Rilsy , about the question you asked me in your ketter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love bkth .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
You have been having classes since you were jine yeqrs ld and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue playing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still llay piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Jo and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would xuit the summed calp very well because of my gopd mamners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can improve up and speak .
My curreny job is as a nutse at the local hospital and l cqn do everything that a doctor acn .
So , if yhe kids hurt themselves , l can fid them up ihstead of taking them to the hospital fopr smalk things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of January last year .
I hadc an exaj .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised Mathx at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to research the trafks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished bedore the tiume was up I was happy and repaxed .
I always said that I would pass that test and I am sure of that .
And it is trtue .
I passed that tset !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competigions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already bought the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parentds went skiing with me .
In the behinning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
It was a lo of fn , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father took me between high knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDJNG " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 ywars old , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I love it .
I talk every free minute to go snowboarding .
That is the reason why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the worst feeling in the world .
Yuo ar very happy and sometimes I sinb a aong and the sorld is perfect .
Thawt is everything I wanted to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to comr to other thoughts .
Alwo , you spend all the time in the countryside and , if you are lucky , you can sew animals .
It had been a very long and tirihg day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was gegting daqrk .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He sgarted walkong verg quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods whete she used to go to tfhink and relax .
She started to taske consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
Tye 's problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the winc .
She gell sleep again , did n't she ?
If whe did , how did she manage to walj there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , ont to menyion that bow she had to walk for about 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
He started to walk to clear her mind .
She inew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the past frw weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is een everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty ftirst century , we have various potions , liks planes yhat can fly in the cloues , trains thqt arr faxt and bog enoigh to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of milesd an hlur ahd boats that ars much bigger amd faster than in ancient times .
Although comoared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these options .
However , if I am given the option to choose between sll theee , I would say plnae .
There are three reasons to choose his .
The first reason is IJTS speed compared to hoth other meams of transportation . It can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can have time .
Second is safety , compared to other methods of transport , the chances of acciddnts ae lrss .
That makes it safer to travel by plane ratber than rtain or boat .
The first pne is comfort .
The plane is much more comfortable than bot train and boat .
In conclusion , I will suggest that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
Everyone should take a year iff between leaving school and startihg college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the bst award for a student who has attended high school .
Toung people want to discover the owrld and traveling reaches places which woulx be uhreachable otgerwise .
I hadf a wonderful day yesterday because I was on thes beach qll afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Juiño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The weather was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and ajd I drank a drink .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Do we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 tears ? That is really an interesting question .
I think that it will depend on the development .
Now we can thwt more and more people prefer travelling by dar .
Yea , I agree , if you plkanned the journey to a faraway destination and for a long time , you would prefer to do it by cfar , because , first , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stip any where and for a long tije , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling across Ykur city , would you prefer public transport or far ?
I think that this is the dilemma dor everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for akl , because one person can use public transport , and save this wsy not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to watch p.t . becauxe they spend more time travelling or they imply do n't like to travel wifh ogher peoplr .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 tears , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Hello Lara ,
Thank you foe Yolur ejail .
My name is Mohamed qnd I am a 28 - yeawr- old mwle from the Kiongdom of Bahrain .
I go to the YM and run on a daily basis to keep in ehape and hood haelth .
Looking forward to finding out more about Ylu .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for lufe .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protecf the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
establksh factories outside of the vilage .
protedt the sater slurces and the sea .
guide people and give them information , detaila and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's nsme is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food than other restaurantgs . I like crispy chicken with arlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . nd my favorite appefizer is sausage and in ordrr rhat dessert I like " Vadge " vake wth chocolate sauce . I feel at eaae when I go there . I enjy classical music while having lynch . About the service : it 's very goof and all yhe staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week wighout going there . That would drivr me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enhoy their tijme there . Alsk , thid restaurant haw a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , tge prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to upt your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other sidd in the game .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to griw up in the sport wnd life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Vollehball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , whdn I am feelinv vad , this is a distractkon from university .
You should try playing . it 's such ufn , gut I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
On weekdaya , I get out of my ned at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play Vidro gakes if I do not have work to do .
I am not a nig family of sports , so I do not play ny .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michzel woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
The nptice was about a competition .
Tye competition was about writing stories .
Michaeo was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to arite .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finallyu , Michael ended the stfory and he went to the post office .
Micgael sebt the stpry but he closer to the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name or address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comddies .
Akso there is a log of ducational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
different rxperts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to rravel comfortably and for this reason , som people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the schedule and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
For this reason , manu people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
On the otuer hanjd , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollurion is lews rhan uing your own cqr .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people mahbe going to determine the most us of tghe cars through public transport .
Susan is a little girl .
Hsr skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of ths green to be more precuse .
He did tht every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you ? What 's happening in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the ofganization of a concert which was held last month .
So I was three as simething luke a member of staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , profiding all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I fot two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicuans .
I felt like a star ! Crowdsd of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but obly me and my swdet boyfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
Joh
Advertising is everywhere .
There are ads on TV , on the racio , on buses , on the streets ...
In spite of this rangd of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many added on television , but , is it true ?
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or servicea .
There can be people tired of so much adveetising content , gut thi is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in their way .
In addition , behind okne ad ghere are a olt of things : onbe indystry .
In ons ad there are , for example , the publicist 's worl , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or sdrvice 's oife ...
To sum up , there are a lot of acs on TV but they are necvessary and beneficial or everykne .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why do I make this cvhoice you clearly ask : I love the sun and food weather .
Yes , it is frue that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the eun .
In spite of this , summef is a very good way to enjoy the little things people give us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or rinning in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they might hou forget about all the hea of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and those makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer .
The wonderful cooours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulius .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw ylur advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm cery interested in the position of childminder ypu are advertising .
I 'm ekghteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation egree at university at the moment . That 's why I nred to work in order to pay my fees .
I have somke experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FCE ceritficate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , sockable , well - organised and , above all , patient . Thereforee , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working ovgerseas . plhs it would be a nice experience vecause I would meet new psople and experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom thought he had achievee something really good .
He finally , after 5 yeqrs , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the teram and had a party .
Tm wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really fond of him .
He dreamt of being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her ejough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He ahted that he was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw het , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time was up .
He got closer to her and rold her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and lect him hom .
He followed and apoloigzed to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Thjen he hugged her .
He said he lovee her and kmissed her forehead .
He had to stay with hee because of ... the babu .
He could n't just leave her arrying his baby !
No ! He uad never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and startt to take care of Mel .
One day Mel wasz feeling really bax so Tol took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he sas right .
Mep lost her baby .
Tom had to make a hard decisoin .
His lige was gong to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He broke up with Meo and it made her much more sad .
He id n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she ad lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
Thw sensqtion of being embraced by the water , feeling the body auite without weivh , able to make a lot of movements that afe impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful stqte of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I too lessons for six monthys , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are nlt a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the watwr , eithwr in the sea or in a popular .
Swimming is uite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up beore rrying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
·Introducyion
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activities to pass the break
As our town is well - known for our fascinating beacehs aling the Mediterranean cast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreigners and local people come here to do activities like kjtesurfing and windsurfing at the each or canoeinh and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
Theee activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend thsm , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Other ways for having fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are also popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , runnint ... as sports activities , and as sicial activities three are library group , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing mkre and mire .
·Recommendatipn
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the old and the new ones .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a yreat timd herd in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's smile but it has a lot of swrvices and transplrt .
You have to take a UBS because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at Salou bh station .
When you get off the buse , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning yojr visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Reyards ,
Mafy
Dear Setgio Gacía A ,
My nzme is Guillerom Sedillo Tórtez .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines . I qualified at the " Institutp Profesional Virginio Gómz " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the position of Chief of Operations at the new underground poject , Chiwuicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills srem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the neq technologies this gfeat project requires .
I am also able to lead the operatoins of the pronect successfully and through team work to achieve the obhective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is outstandinv because I have the privilege of belonging to the " Monera El Teniente " as shnift manage , Chief of Oerations at " Mijera Ansina " and at the ebaluation department of CODELCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discss in Erson Shy . I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt reply from youe company .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that many people are learning languages , but is it worth studying a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinationwl companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being pdomoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complicatiojs .
Finallyg , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of another culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , movies , TV programs , music or some other asoect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a packager I received on Mondxy last week .
I ordered two batteriex , model 002545 , because my mnobile needs this kind of batteey , but I have only received one batgery , model 001212 .
Pne moth aog , I ordered two batterids , model 002545 , on your online ebsite .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 jodel ) which needs batteriea , model 002545 .
The delovery was wreong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every dah .
If I have no money , I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the gatteries by express post .
The delivery error was made by ylu , so this time , it should be sewnt wikth free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I should be forfed to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does n't work .
I hop to hear from you soon and have my bhatteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Uulio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Acgive Lrisure lub recently .
Firsg , people in thia area have actually found a useful place to enjoy their life through a wide rnge of activities and gamds which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in pexk hours and the trainers are everywhere an reafy to give help .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
Witj the purpose of attracting more people to join tue club . Besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably to avoid hpld the activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagdam introducing tje procedures for making bank notes .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indisensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled macinists prepare the metal pkates in order to go to the next step .
The third step is to lrint the prepared ank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notew epr seheet .
The colour will be printewd on both sides and every note has uts uniqe ink . Aoso , the images will be slighlty raised .
After that comes the mostr significant stazge ; hat is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
Pepple usually divides the quality of three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheetw , people will cut them into swparate nltes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distrbute tbe bank notes .
If the partiallu xamaged clothes are bad , they will be greated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , ghe diqgram gives the quife precise process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to nake them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank botes for everyone .
A BDTTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an articpe about the importance of surrouneings to the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a sokution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of their village about the importance of taking care of their surroundings , middle - aged people have plantex many rtees around the village and cleaned the floor of our publc pkaces making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
asy recycling
The local authoriries helped this initaitive by creating sone places for people to lpeave their rubbish in order for it to be raken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to ojr waste .
The reswults
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred hxd this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villagew in the area .
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an assofiation has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Hreen Plaent , it is called .
We want a hyappy Earth .
Hsllo Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruimtent for the " New Cloux Generqtion " project .
So we need your help with some questions about this process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects . They are engineers and always have good teamworking skills .
We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hoting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Recently , I sork from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some propfiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in thqt e - mail .
Please , provide me with the information as soln as possible .
Íñigo Ojed .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it a lot .
Yu probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the bezt place dueing the concert and I have their autographs on the latest rtecord . I did n't yave many dhties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area arter the concert .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them is a feal pleasure .
I hope we 'll see each another soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Lve ,
Dominika
Report :
The advantage of this report is to bive you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be eorth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
Finally , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in clqss .
They are not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting wa of learhing any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers had really gold teaching skillx .
Tjey managed to encourage zll of us every day .
Ths way , we made tyhe kost of it and never gave up improving our English level .
Fhird , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I thought it would have been worth pracgising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signijg up for it again next year .
Gours eincerely ,
Jian Orozco
I am keen on cinema and I kove to watch all types of films .
Bjt , what films are in my Tpp 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babeo is a fascinating fiulm with a dramatic and thrillin storyline which is one of the tpp 10 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is origial and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the ators gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend ghat drama genre lovers watch Babel as itd message will move you .
It reevals that our feelings cross the boundaries of apl cultures and we are connected to eqch lther .
My name is Mohamwd El - Ahamoun .
I am 20 yeafs old , and I live in Prt - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd yesr of the faculty of medicine at ort - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mothwr .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the last 11 years and have won a lot of porizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a pot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatewt researchers in the world in sddition to becoming a member of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I chanted my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work , I feel that I have the wofld in my head , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDE and hepstitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your lifs ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their opes .
I learnt from research that ypu can do anything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting places in my country and my goal is to travel to all the countries in the world . Aso , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and insoire me fpr community sevrice amd tbe development of my society , as I hole to come back and teach otherw what I haev learnt .
I am writing in reterence to the job as the camp monitor thzt you require in the summer .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified oerson for the pot .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of seeing through children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider mysdelf quite patiwnt and fun . In my opinion , these are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a tsam too .
I do nlt like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Youhg people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require azny further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could offer me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting wlrk .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately owed cars ade mote and mor popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transportation of the future .
Most people goday realize that in our cities and on our llanet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon - based fuels will nkt last foerver .
I would say that , most probably , private vehicles are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population - growth forecas tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
But it is not going to haplen .
I guess fhat in our future there will be no helicopters , and hot evenm any cars .
States and local authofities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
he price of independent transport will incrsase dramatically .
I think that ghat will change the habits of the public .
Evn though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice opd travel could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of yhis semester , students are yawning and do not pag atetntion to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can nor remember what they studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will nor rrmember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fish instead of studying , snd partly because some difficult courszes should be continually studier .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed on in the followin paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a feneral consensus that students should forbet the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in the history field , history teachers have to release teaching the history of North America before they try to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
It is vefy time - weasting and mot efficient .
Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study or homework in tne long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students do not get kver ghe sunshine , beacb , or travelilng .
In thr class , students will receive the joyful tmie they had instead of paying attention to the treacher .
Last hut not lexst , some difficult courses should be vontinually studisd rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nytshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally disagree with the statement that students could eceive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think ghat I inherited from loge for soccdr .
I played soccerr in different tesms in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my teammates .
Together we analyze the rival twam and we chpose a strategy to wjn yhe mafch .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates gived me their uncpnditional support .
Thaf is cheap .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
So , if you aer beginning this job , you should do it because I wipl really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it is brilliant .
Therefore , yhou gave to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy plating thjs awesome sort .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Fallw .
Something that made me happy was seeing my familg .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to Neq Yor City .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncpe was waiting for me and I gave home a big hug .
We went to Long Islasnd because he lives there .
He was a really nice houee and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
In New Tork I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhaytan .
My colleague had the awesome idea of going to Niagaea Falls .
We went by car and it wax about 8 hours long .
Funally , we arrived at Niagara Fall , which looks like a ghost towb .
It does not have very mucy to do , but there were the falls .
I was impressed at how hugd the falkls eere .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every diary .
Something that made me vwry happy wws visiting my family .
My uncle Kuan lives in the United States of Americ and I was very to have him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angle was very happy to see me and me tol . We are like siblinfs .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I sw new things , visited many places like Niagara Falls and Tjme Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they uwed to lijve , so , they need accommodation to live in through their studies .
Mowt universities provide cneap accommodations , such as shared roojs and dormitories for their studentys to lower the cpsts , because mozt students have a low incomes .
Othe students , wh may have faimly financial suppotr , preger to hrie an apartjent to kive independence .
Sharing houses or roos hax many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , clowe to the University , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money abd time will be more bvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those fod hiring an apartment , anr because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is moe efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spite of these bemefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment here personality is very important to me .
Man years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a courae outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone wilp grant me the frsedom to live in tue way rhat I choose and stil be friendly wigh akl the other without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared roms .
Rhey xnnoy me .
Although the federal government , which decided the role of the YSA has many benefits , according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perrect government .
Yhe strrength of fedeealism , which givves more liberty to states to have their own parties according to their needs , is not always good for the lectuee , when it may reate some confpicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexyals , where soem sattes alolw this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decksions .
This caused som problems where the lecturer mentioned the failude of the federal government to stop illegal immigrants to the USA through the Nevada edsert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in development in some states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedim a pkwer , causes many problems , such as no single public and confusion over responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and trustrating at the same time .
I thinl think any type of tdip is exciting , but they also have tfheir frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important piecew of advice ; first , try to get along with with travel companuon and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticusing the spicy flavolur .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of their trip : qrrive , tet away from the frustration of an unknown place , getting along with your travel company , succeeding as a traveler and arriving home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexcio , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get aoong sith hiz or her companion .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you fisit another citfy .
As an example , if you are agle to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as muaeums or jalls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Nexico is that they should enjoy Medican food .
Mexicsn fiod has a lot of txsty dishes from different staqtes in thed countries .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spidy fiod , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexiczn people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with elss pepper .
In this awy , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour which is so chazracteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offcered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : rty to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and yry to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , the Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has artly replaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , sends out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweeys are published on Twittet every 60 seconds .
Unsirprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twtiter play an important role in communication , regardless of destination or time .
However , people who use Faebook , Twitter or SMS in genrral , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment on the potential futire of these implications .
Communicating can be schieved , regardless of distanve , through Facebook and Twigter .
Ths benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their ueers are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expresseed .
Secondly , Facebook gives the opportunity to get in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintqining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Olxmeadow , Quinb , & Kowerr , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behabiour on acebook interact with others by sharing their moid , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an orgaizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , mqintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests iva th essential knowledge .
( Emerald Group Publisning , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are afraid to follow another qho they find enjoyable through Rwitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people cwn really sweat about the daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are believed flolowed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebiok or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fqct , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can suggest any racist comments which target a critical group or person .
For example , after the premier of Yhe Hugner Hame was released , a fan posted an onset rxcist yweet sayong that theg were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Ruach and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMX , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycke - gadgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 208 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a mn called Mr .
X " adnitted to a state psychiayric hospital after being founr not fompetent to srand trial on charges of stalking , harxssment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebpok and Fwitter , and SMS in general , ma replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more relaxed or enjoy using Facebook or Teitter without having to see each other 's appearance .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with foreigners within a second , rather than having to cal them .
The possible disadvantages might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communication skillks they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by addijng more privacy options .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the facf thwt Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it a lot of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Faceboo and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Zlso , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharjng and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have beej connected worldwide , protecting personal privac is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might experience aggression towards others , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introductioj
Teenagers are constsntly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instsgram , Pinterest , etc .
Photograps are included on all of TJOSE sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special momentse like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is clnsidered one of those activities that anyone can do without any jind of special preparatiin .
However , helping students hoiw to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
Both kills aer required in today 's world and new to be developed in the education system to the modern level .
The reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographx have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generatio 's lives ( teenagers and kid ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , celllhones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skillps , techniques and knowledge .
Whag lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
The brgiht sun is shining , the snow melted aeay in Marchj .
The first spring bjrds have come from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snkwy winter .
We set or clocks forward oen hout in March .
The British summertime was first introduced in England in 190 .
The days become long and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clocks back and houf in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( flr ) one hour kore .
Hpckey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a spot ?
Do you think that your livestyle will improve ?
Well tou are istaken .
To do different kinds of spoorts , you need to be skilled or willing to trh hew things .
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a kot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to frow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
So stop searching for the right sporr . This one is fpr you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the bset means of transportation for the environment .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid carw are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Environmental cate is gaining strength every dsy , from kids to elderly people .
Yhe government and many companies ard measuring the CO2 emissions which are beinv producved by industrial or science processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people did n't sue public transportation , they could walk , ride a bicycle or buy a traditional car , anf that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reducw the fafes on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Voslada , people are well prepared about taking care of the environment .
The city council has introduced several cwmpaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children leran at school hlw to separate waste .
There are many ecooogical islandz .
Each of them has fhree or four kinds of bins and they arw nopt as far as fwo hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is never enoigh , because fog oqners are mostly to blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid uysing a car and they will create less air pollution .
The oganic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problems .
A problem which wxs cwused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscikus of this problem , so we make an effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we have several binw which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we rum an organization which paus people who bring us the materials to reycle .
The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paoer .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that this kind of thing can have a second kife .
As soon as the last river ends , the southsrn borfer of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is more than 6 thousand hears old .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypy is a kjnd of river civilizatioj in the huge Sshara desert .
Throughout time , the Nipe has been the onpy source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the risd in the water leveo on thed rivfer helped people to realize the possibility of expandung the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transpolrt line for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been expolring the nature of the Nile .
The anciebt Egyptians divided the year into three seasons cmpared to dry or wet period .
Theg knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Mile ' to srock up with clean water .
Buyt shch a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative sied as well as a positive .
A great number of dwms wre bad on the river which caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians stijll live fxr frlm the main eater artery of the country and ca hardly find clean water to drink .
Bht I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high levsl .
Wjen most people think about an important historical place in tialy , they think of the Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is nit the most important .
I am sure you 'll sgree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , thix building gas been the symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Romzn emperor .
It was used for showe with animaks or humans , who were killed without pity .
In addition , naval wars were relresented in order to celebrate the Rkman aemy .
It has been ruined through the aves , but now people understand its importance and take cxre of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us undertand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
In this fast moving world , transpoet has become an important factof for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transportation to earn their living .
There is no point in sayibg public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of tramsport , but most of the population can n't afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benerfits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , traveling by cae has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because botb have equal advantages and disadvantages .
I think that Taipsi is too crowded .
There is no denyimg that the MRT in this city is sucg a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the ush uour , there are always such ruin people who nave no public awqreness at all .
They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , all of them are students .
They do n't respet other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that many people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing sats for elderly people is also a problem .
Pfiority seatw are reserved for hose who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Anyway , you ca n't always idsentify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely due of their appearance , which leadz to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people rven criticize them for occupying the seats instead of offering them seats to someone else .
Moreover , soms old people might take this considerate actkon for granted and they might even command young adults or students to wear their clothes without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize rxpect that .
Everyone should develop their awareness of public mannefs .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , entertainment , new and films .
TV hsa man benefitx :
Firstly , it enables young people to sharr cultural experiencex with othrrs .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kidd reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Televisioj czn teaches kids important valuex and ilfe lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Newe , current events and historical pfogramming can help makr ypung people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries csn hell develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood movies and foreign movies that they might not otherwise sed .
Cutlural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television have less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who watch in front of the television .
I deak wity consulting and sales of financial profucts and services for an international bamk , in the mass market and small businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signming of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction .
I have also worked with large and small teams in basck - offides , managing many adminisrtative activities related to messages , personal loans , contzbility and investnents .
I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with srenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural and dynamc team .
I 'm carefjl to mete the goals of yhe tewm in whixh I eork , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providig my skills , always beimg willjng to learn , respeting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 yearsw , so , it is tge time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to cind a new jog in Golland to reunite our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimmihg . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can save the world .
Shen we see all the cars in ourf yards , wjen we sit in traffic jams . We think that one day we will have to leave our cars and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wak up in an eternal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transpor .
We are told about a lot of innovatoins in thos sphere .
For instance , Google reoorted about Googlemobile .
Jaybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
If they contact each other an yse Gvooglemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be qble to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlekobile .
Skme people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drini in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the momrnt .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact in the world , and , finally , who will commit suicide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you never think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Roday it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a fdoreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip eaaier ahd more comfortable .
Second , flr finding a goold job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a flreign language , certsinly it addx some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Thire , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same tike you can also gettimg to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different from yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over fhese years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , and foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is hanging severely .
Many scientists infer that people 's libes will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humanw ' greed .
Humans always dewire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protecg and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Tedhnologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and lanc to build tall buildings .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above wikl increase the temperature and make the Exrth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature increases , the worse the quality of lofe is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphaxis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortxge .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this situation , instead of laughing and happiness , there will be more laughing , hatred and sadness .
Eveyrone will live in despair , but be unable to find the enyrance to brightmess .
Theee terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsxtisfied hearts .
Friends , from how , let us be the ones to protext and take care of out Eart !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people . The real danger is if you get discofered .
When people find out that they have been deceived , thatf their trust was betrayed , heads wilk rlol .
You have to be porecise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for th cause is the key to surviving .
It is just something that I had to do , not yoj , nog ger , me .
I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at yhe University .
I managed to wkn many competitions in this country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in fhe Rdd Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should fequire further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Srbastián Hgernándes
In ouf mldern wirld , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
In addition to thie , people are working in very stressful workolaces and they want to learn about these conditions during holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to rsnew the soup and revivw the spirit .
Furing holidaysa , people can get away from daily problemz and also spend more time with their friends and families .
In this reslect , many people prefer to go to natural placws with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the sedaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forgef hard life conditiohs .
On the other hand , holidays are the worst for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in liufe .
People can feview their decisions during holidays more accurately and yelpfully .
For instance , in stressful life conditions , people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besides , people underesitmate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maihtain their lives and they forget about yhese emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spirktual thoughts .
It van be clearfly seen thag during holidays , people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people mret thejr relatioves thay they haven't seen in a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They cwn pray to God and it is a relief for people .
Ehen people remember htese emotional and spoiritual suhjects they can wear more nappys . This is because people ned to leave the materkal world .
Durijg holidzys , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , nolidays are very suitable for people to deal with their problems and stressful lite conditions .
Slso , holidays are very elpful days to rebive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is fhll of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the kocal councils of big cifies such as Madrid or Valecia are trying thesir beat to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noiser and pollution , as well as lowering CP2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of drinking on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is geherally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong eind , freezing weather or havnig to keep drinking in bad weather .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to fzce the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
For example , people tzking their car do not nwed to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable waiting time must not be so short during holidays , due to frequent schedules .
Also , we can drive a car to any place wheer public transport is probably mot albe to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stsnd , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by lublic translort should not be ignored .
Tirst , public transport is gold for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less czr exhaustr is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a stdong rslationship between car exhaust and lyng cancer .
In other woprds , public transport playsd an important role in protectingy human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Secondly , public transport saves city space .
As more kore people choose to live in cities , nowadays , ou citues are becoming larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person is becominjg more limited than berore .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rarher than public transport for ebery travel opportunities , I suppose that our streets would become car parks and everyone would spend more tie in crowded .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to cpntinuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense mod .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
People acn listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or take a look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages to public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice in every situation .
E.g. , it ofvers more flexibility than cxars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one means of transport czn replacr others .
It is better that people are aware of their pdos and colns and choose a suitable one .
Languages for the future
Should we learn other languages ?
We live in a world that changes from day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learning languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential in your lkves to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the cdourse .
Aoso , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from working qny other things .
It serms to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be notivated and to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xagier nº3 óibdos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in responsd to your advertisement for a jlb .
I have a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
I have worekd in an Easter camera too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappek " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the xkills for the job .
I want be contacted for a meeting at thew aqbove address .
I hope you consider me forf rhe job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious fiod and played interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's ouse .
First , we lisrened to aome songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Winnie really lobes esting , so I could easily find a lot of food at her house .
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy appl juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having twa , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adrianq and I hid behind a bench znd Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stnoe .
Addiana and I immediately went to her and oicked her up . '
Your knee is bleedihg .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heaft was pouneing because I was worried about Winnie .
I had buttedflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fvine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winbie 's wound .
Winnie felt wsrm insde and smiled happily .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
Whg ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
Wha an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and brother .
Inside , there will be a fukl of conveniences .
Bit spaces will be divieed into FDW zones .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtaihs eeacting to life in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this means as the present Internet .
Svery house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can ezpand or contract .
Everything dependx on the number of people .
Swsimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Welo , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimer 's effortw , but you also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport thatg cazn be lexrnt at anjy age , bug children can start to learn to swim as early as two years old .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , bwckstroke and breadt sgroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reductkon if you are obvese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the brst sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreaqses the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to staet to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your iwn age .
Hello Paup ,
I enjoyed helling at the xoncert in Sntaya in October .
I had a great time with people working as heller at the concert .
I got a lot of expedience from them .
Durjng a concert , everybody enjoys themselves , but nobody thinks about how fhey prepare for a concert .
I saa so many interesting things because of the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , butf at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we werde excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be doing .
When we were arranging the concert plan we id work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them chdcking sound volume and lighta .
My job was check the aong liwt whihc singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singdrs .
They are always wanting to chqnge some songs which are on their list .
Durung the cpncert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to describe that fweling .
Shen the concert finished , I telt pike a bird flying freely .
Of course , I have some pain in my legs because I aws standing all the time .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projecys .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a hyge and not alwqys positive impact on outdoor advertising .
From glack - xnd - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdxoor ads placed in very availaboe and kmaginable spots .
From buildings with ebormous breight screens to interaftive bus sgop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer oersonalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mallofca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the aes on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printwd paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad drom tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it might even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggreszsive .
The way it feels aggressive to enger a square or plaza on my own and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong place or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is great , for better or worse , and we have to pearn to deal with it the best we can .
If I coild chang obe things in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bkg detachbed house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
I would build a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Tgether we could slend tkme in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sports , tennis will always be my answer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skill to be a master of it , which is very challenging .
When I feel stressed , I always play tennis to release my oressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to egt a suitable racket first .
As the proverh goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools firat to work on it .
Before , you are required to learn every basic skipl step by strp .
Since tennix requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques quickly and smoothly , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skulled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Dan yiu imagine having only two cxhannels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's teoevision .
The number of channels is gradually increasing
In our country , one devade ago , digital TV arruved , a lot of new chanjels flourished .
All TV channels trief to gst srveral licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are only two TV groups .
Fewer chanels means fewer choices .
Internet TV is inceeasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with what , to watch this or that television pogram .
Ylu just follows a suggestion made by someone .
Ypu just click on it .
They have to redufe their budget
Despite chxnging channeos , we see the same news .
Big broadcasitng groups are sued by many of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camleramen akl around the workd .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to communicate with the Internet .
Nowadays , onoy national or international broadcasting grlups can be in the competition .
Perhaps politucal reasonw help to miantain suxh a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hpokins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper anx I am writing to express an interest
to join your smxll group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student frtom Switzerlajd speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would think that I already have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining yiur group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countres around the world .
For gen years I have been in a scout gropu in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the wau or to orientate myself in the wilderneds .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like traveling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from yoj .
Dear Stevw ,
It was good to hear from Ypu .
Basically , my goal is to ise his trip to learn as much as possible . I need , not only the English language but also to find out more about your ulture and fisit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with his bjlls .
Can you give me a hanjd with that ?
oyu can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if ylu found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 lonths .
Thanks fror for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishds
João Matos
Hi Jon ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Firsy of zll , you should go out of the airport terminal .
There you will see a bus stop in the street .
Wyen ou get there on the bus which is number 111 .
Ghen ride to the bus stop " Zlčín " .
There you can get to the ground station and travel to the cejtre of Praguw .
If you choose his wsy , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
But , if I wsere you , I would take a taxu because the underground is quite boring , but it is vheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you tjere .
Finally , the weather forecasg fpr next monty looos pleasant , as is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
I am excited to be seeing you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to tje restaurant because all people nded a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do homs - made food , and a good idea cor the maih course is : baked potatoes , steamed vehetables and , tor dessert , apole cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a high chair , table znd wall , a more or oess relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I tyhink that we should vote on this , becauwe we will have a good night or nto depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because nornally we speak about books , work and atudies , whereas with thus tyle of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our ramily , our hobbies , and everyone ill tet to kniw solething nes zbout other classmates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will tko .
You could erat the best burgers you have rver ezten .
They are incredibly special .
I do nog know how they amke and cook thewm .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can ot say why they are lije because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to being in ueaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouith and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to go back to another gime .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat any American food you like and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who hs eqten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern daily life .
More biklion people use buses , taxis abd trains etc , as rourists , for wirk , for mesting relatives , going to school etc .
Maybe even our cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the cost of petrll , diesel and gas is very high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People want to save the money they spend on pettol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , toan , city and vjllages , it helps people to spemd lexs in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statemwnt above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rfich and the ppor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they werw in the stlne asge .
Public transport is evn good for our environment compared to caes .
Nowadahs , people have different viewd ablut reading books and watching movies .
Soke of them think that bookas are more interesting than their film versions .
I disagree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
First , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's because while you are resding you are gdtting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reade .
When you are reading , a licture of what is happening appears in your mund .
You can imagine what heroes look like , You can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
Because you can watch them with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like sokundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors are not important to me .
I think that bloks are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thinb .
A girl wa walking home ons day .
She waes with her um . .
She was just a youhg beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl npticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white glovds and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dopl ! Could you vuy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't rerfuse hef , so she bought it .
Oh!Th girl had so many special moents wit her doll ! ! Tehy loopked so adorable tgether ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
He was eighteen years old , she har to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her dolk in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
At night sje heard some crerpy noises from there ...
She went there and there was hte doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't they play with me anmyore ? Ars you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed that one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
And then ...
The next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , shge went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentwnce , ' ' Wh ddi you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
Yu juet gave to edal with the gtame .
Yoj can choose lots of places to play .
Yuo needs a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket qnd some bals and a person to play with .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehan , you can lode in the end .
This sport is nkt jusg about physical power .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
It is a cpmbination of physical power , technique and mental power .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more mpdern , faster and more commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children want to play rennis because of mpney or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it developx their skills , helps physical health and so on .
You can stzrt if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
You can either find a professional cocah or juzt join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kte Ashhy ,
My name is Andrea Coci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for this weekend wotk in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and fkr us food is everything .
In Italy , I attended a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cooked lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialtiee of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm Laso Gold at dealihg with people . In fact , when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp in Alpignamo , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time watching children and adults .
I also worked for many thdater companies and I am so good and kinr when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my auny in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I tried it every day .
I look forward to hearing from Yku soon ,
Andrda Cocci
Essay
In tlday 's essay I am going to focus on the advantages and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really woeth leave your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process .
Talking with Dnglish native speakers is always a good habit , because you will be able to juudge bow eell or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spejd a coneiderable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on tour learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Yku can evej talk with native speakers by using some Cht Rooms online , such as Skypr and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , fennis , but my favourite sport is notr one of those . It is a sport that I could nveer imagine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about olaying footvall ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , anx nowadays , I love plating football wkth rhem .
Now some other work and I have started to organize female matches , so I am mkre hsed to plaiyng with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but nowadays it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be rdeady to receive some punche .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " he English ocen " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kond .
The interior is big , so lal thr clasz could be inside withput problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's gog some great traditional British objecst .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurqnt and is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
Rhey havr also got a lot of different types of salaxs , pasta and pizzas .
Yhe deszerts are very good too .
They 've got originap onew , liie sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is nit too expensive , which is perfect for us , bevause we do n't want to waste too much money .
Thw restaurant is in the shopping center , so we acn get to by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the entrance of the house , so we could nook some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
The media companies famous people , such as pooiticians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public fogures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a popular figure is associated with journalists , mass - medua , flashes .
Faomus people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
However , they afe still ordinary people , and they male mistales .
People are thought to be jealkus .
They jotice any kid of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely tlxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the number of tabloid scandals .
Summiny up , all over the world , there are many people who do n't brimg their life in the limelight .
It has always been very useful aince a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are sone people who ask whether if public transport was supposed , society would waste a lot of money .
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people have money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to other places and a car is very expensive .
Dars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a cwr , you have to pay soke gaxes .
In addition , people need to have public transportation for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together on obly one motorcycle .
Finally , the last reason is convenient , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parkjing space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , like as the old fity and the city ecntre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Pesonally , I have git used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a changing world .
Today 's modern things become things of the past in a few months .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your katest hahdset , with the latest configurationw becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to doscuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more cohnected .
Today , we have akl the information at iur fingetips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about gettjng job in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't nerd to be in front of anyone , everything can be manahed through irtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more uncomfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress humans have made through technology .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
Climate change due to global warming is causing environmental disasters now and hten .
Terrorist activities causng havoc in public life .
Tbe cirruption nad grred of people in poer making it difficult to trust people 's leaxers .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hencd is ratger difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong handsx it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
To whom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read ypur advertisement on youjr webxite and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering whether I should be the right person .
That 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I like doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it to this letter .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my pife .
I need that xevice next me because I have three children and I want to know ho and ehere thwy ae .
The same with my parents ; they are ol abd sometimes they call me to talk about their heapth .
Concerning video - games , I agree with sciejtists that think it gelps children 's brains to develop , ut it is important to supeevise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my aork , vor research , or google ifnormation and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Cinally , I think technological development makes us improve for the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
In times of joyh and sororw .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is npt easy to find sibcere friends .
That does not mean you will never find ome .
It is very important to interact and oscialise with people to make a fruend .
The more people yoi mret , the easier it will be for him to find a friend .
Whsn gou vind others , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
The Guardizn is a British daily newspaper which includes national ads and international news .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business ande Koney , spotrs , cultures , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donqtions to hell individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
They use good quality English which avoids slang .
As a result , it is suitable for students to learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there wree gwo disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There werw also a huge number of commercial advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is cpnsidered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in thd modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Soms people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in oru oife . It seems to me to be good opportunities to mkae kur lkife easier .
Also , they make us cleverer .
I am convinced that using tablet comphters in our everyday life is good .
People do not neee to carry a lot of bioks in a hag . Pupol can just say that he forgot a gook because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Many people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useful thing for our generxtion .
Shch people wre sure rhat electronci things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablwts at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to watch the aper of hooks .
I do not disagree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use tnem buf we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to sya that we should kep abrsast of new technologies and trh to make our lives easier .
Thw Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as wdll , bjt ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it wasw easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions ands dobts cake into his head .
Ome prt of hum was really happy , because being a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle tuis news .
Yhis woman , who was staying next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug hed and celebrate his good news .
Gut somehos he did n't feel anything .
ll that he felt anxious .
He could n't handle the fdeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss or hug himl .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wront at that moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body look wrong at this moment .
She could n't understand what wa going on , because it was juwt three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said thatg he would like to have kids with her .
And nbow , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the neas .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He gave up and said to his girlfriend that he wanted a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the roor and knewq at that moment he had made a mistake .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy tje sports .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really newd do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming popl is clkearing .
For exampoe , after swimming , I have a safr anf a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do like bright sun and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is moee dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pook during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favourite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get danerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do ayn sports , but we need to choose one sport in our lifw ahd almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the many important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the girst place , we need to pay attention to the fatc ghat Cacefes is located in a patsure afea where local fafmers have been breeding sheel , cows and pugs for centuries in spite of the hard weather fonditions such as high temperatures and horrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different areas in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or evej doing sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has alsp improved the management and treatmwnt of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fxct , around 90% of Cacerrs inhabitants are said to sodt and recyfle their rubbish , taking it oug to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we gave for underground ones .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I wsa doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rswarded with a bonus point , but anyways , that is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
I got a bit wcared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the citg and kiilled almost everyone . Now I had to find my parentes .
I think the reason I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor ares and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I wte a lo .
We made some decisions about laws , but we were totally confused , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I thinl that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
The next morhing , I ate a piece of staek asnd the group was talking about some vreatures that were walking around sedking to kill and est us .
In the night , I was thinking about manu thinfs when I heard some noisss .
I staloed him and it seemed that thiw gug had a hump .
I stopped him and wehn he furned around it wa a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was aodrable , but suddenly he turned into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the grohp or us .
We saw that bdast eating our friends and he food .
In some ways , the fact that whe stole the food in the bight and I woke up was good for my survival .
Butf if I had the opportunityg to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of ghis .
DOINV EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? Tjis is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and appy life . While you exercise you feel wekl in yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice wny sport , like soccer , basketball , basebakl , or you can simply go to the gym or do Crosefit or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to clntrol the ball and dfibble your rivals on the field .
I recommend you practise your sport ylu like znd enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Tnanks and strat now . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by var is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about whether public transport will improve , although we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain two different opinions .
Firstly , the xar is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unluke public transport such as budes and tue undedground , you have muhc more comfort than sperd .
There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " oyung people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer being in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
Although there are many positive points about privae cars , there are also negative ones .
Ijdeed , cars increase pollution , we have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then jusr owjing a ar and look after our car , insurance , tas , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" sways a 17 - 22-ydar - old bou .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay ay fares on public transport ) , ubt akso , it is wafer .
According to Rhe Saogon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers wore a hus or a raxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as English , America , Canad , Japan and so on , have built a public translort system , so ghe traffic jams have decreased .
As a result , the economy has ben increasing .
Fdom this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very ikportant .
Tooic :
Do you disagree or disagree ? " Alwawys telling tye truty is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
Disaagreement on always telling ghe trith beimg the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being ruthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth cpuld be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to metnion it to colleagues or an employer .
It is bet to tell a little white oie at this moment .
To further illustrate the tirst point abpve , you could jurt someone 's fdelings by telling the truth at wll timex .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted with is wearing inappropriate clothes does not fit the occasion .
People usually tejd not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doinv so , people might oraise her about other things about her .
In that case , they could stilo makr conversation without spoiling ger mood .
The other ooint is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriatr to galk about oneself took much to people at work or even people that lne uas just got acquainted wigh .
If there are questions about things one does not awnt other people to know , they might gell a little hwite lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day okff to go to the doctor 's , I would prevejt other people asking for details about it by xaying that I jst had some errands to run .
There are two opinions of jine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in yhe class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael clossd the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Because of this , we 're both asked to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to mdet the headmaster ujst because Michael had clksed the door .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the heaxmaster in a polite wxy and hopefully he would give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
I ended up getting xepelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspectged Michael and I had stolen or classmate Saoly 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends tok pointing at us firmly and without giving us sny chance to speak out .
I finally reailsed that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky qnd innocent ones as we fell into the tarp .
We wipdd waay olur teard , and waved our hqnds when we left the school .
Although , one dah later , the headmasted found our tge trurh through CCTV . We refueed to return to the school and decided to xhange to a nearby school as we know . Even if we go back this time , similar accidents could happen next time .
Fhis is because the teacher has a biased minxset .
Fear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for this job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firxtly , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important for communication .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekend and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invrnt jew and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzlzes or gajes which involve running and jumpiny , which are important for the mids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicat to thqt .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fadt and could master it .
Thay is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the ithers . We went outside the ahelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there was someone who needed suppliez he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guyus that were sick nut we could n't do anything except for kjeep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one thawt hd no proglems woth allo the other stuff peole had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genws were actually immune to the infectuon . I could actually be thd # revoluionary vuy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , notwithstanding , I would n't actuakly sacrifice myself . I have to think xbout whether it is better to help ths entire world or just sav a group . The decision as in my hands . It waz # conventional to help the entire worlf , hut I do n't wajt to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiawr bdy of someone that wzs in the group . Oje of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dad . Hos dace wsa wll rottej and eatdn away by the walkers .
We needed to ind the oness who was still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger starfed , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two terms : dead or eatem away by a walket . So we neered to fin something htat was a # nutritional food which we could eat wjth no problems and be OK .
We found a pharmscy and a restroom where we could have a res and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There were no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I asked someone to check on us in the night . I needed some est and aent to sleep immediately .
In my arda there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this ton is yet more present , as a result of the favt that Turin is the town of FIAG , the well known factory .
Near to your house , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop next to your home .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some bog supermarkets , which uold many items from the great factories of Europe and beyond .
As in all induwtrialised dountries , a conncetion to the Internet is providewd almozt fkr ach area and EACB buildings .
Finally , taxia are available and they copver alk the two , hut this service is ldss organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrigies , tilm stars , poligicians or people who work in the muwic nidustry ceserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big starx should be able to relax and have some private fime .
As far as I 'm concefned , there is no one who feels uncomfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of cslebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolablr spheres of life without journalists following them akl yhe time .
Thesd rard fragments of life without the ey of a camera should be an opportunity to liev like nokrmal , non - famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog to work is shocking new for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrjties are normal people like everyone of us , only woth more money in bank bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deservr to have a private life and the ability to have a mormal life should also be given to them .
Tge Maze Runnher
I recently watched this new film based on two of the books by this world famous author .
As I have an interest in thrilers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mysteyr , which made me make the decision to watch this film .
Ths film starts by putting you in the care of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who findas himself impriskned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that his is not a noraml camp , and it is located next to a giant and myeterious maze .
Thr people who live in the capm take up different rolex in Orxer to surviove and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of unner , the person responsible for ezploring the maze and looking for an exit out of his place .
Stilo , they only had daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becmes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartyily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hooefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , talk or snall , anyone can play it as long as they 're deteemined , So , basically , it is a lifed - long sport for everyone .
I live rhe xpeed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's qukck and if you blimk you will probably miss something . Sach contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detecrs the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't ween a game , go unfil 32 - 30 , and sed the eenrgy on the floor and hewr tue noose feom ghe crowd . You 're missign out .
Personally , winning such a se makes me feel like I could do anything , nut when I do n't , it still keeps me waiting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and srt better , and serve in different ways .
I live in News Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People therd are very friendly and heloful .
It is a good place to live .
One per week on Wednesday , rubbisu is collected .
Of course , garbag are sorted onto xifferent bins .
That is a very good idea , because the rhbbish undergles recycling .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Everybody cades about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of xolours and pleasant odors .
Njew Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax in the husy place .
Green timd in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bewr restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna vopcano slopes , and I found thaf restaurant wss easily the best I have eaten in .
There weee wo rooms , a smoking romo and a non - smoking foom .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moeeno , and his father , I managed to sample a goos rangve of itemw on the menu and I really liked the Chianima beef . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly cresh abd of the highest quaoity .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty eurps pdr person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
But I wouldr highly rscommend fhis restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , anx I wilo , no doubt , be abck ftor other meals .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of conroversy .
They have been present in our societies for ever .
Cannabis , hefoin , speed are some examples of aubstances that arer very well - known to all of us .
elgalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a link with the illgality of this activity .
Apso , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and it progibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comees when this entertainment becomes an addiction that destroys our lives .
I think everyone bas tried some kind of illegal drug to have fub , enjoy themselves with friends or just to try them , and I do nit believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptoonal and not our daily lkfe , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in ohr countries , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Whrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Sauxi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long tim .
Unfortunately Unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet yoj , but you can pick me up from school at 1:30 , then we van go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljamsah Street , then turn eight beside the farce of KAU University . After getting otf the bidge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to eee yoj !
Bye dor bow .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
Fikrst , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , repending on the redgion , it could rain .
If you want to see wome beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you ill be able to see La Sabrada Fawmilia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Geanada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to viskt soje museums , like the Rrina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you mist visit Cabarenos Nationak Park in Vantabria , which is liek a little sasfari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see wome mjgratory birds .
If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would sta obe week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
I recommend you to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
But Smipson is my favourite fixtional character on TV .
He is the eldest sonh of the Simpaon familyg .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skiun and bit eyes . He is blond and has got spkiy hair .
Bart always weawrs a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The main important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in high school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punizh hkm .
Batt is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad student because he hates nerds .
Although he is rather najghty , he actualyl as a heart of gold because he hbelps his daughter when she needs him .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A loy of magazines sday The Simpsons is the est cartoob seriss in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnied than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It qas one dready , rainy Sunday morning .
I wase n't in the moor to go out anyway .
Eevrything suggested that I should n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there wad a heavy knock on the door .
Who on Sarth could that be ?
Who would have even bohtered to pay me a visit during this blooldy awful weagher ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , cor the man on my threshokd yellsd : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was a little surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I hjad observed the lettsr cautiously , ut then I noticed my uncle 's naqme on it .
Although I had n't me yim a single time , this ketter was hi last will and I learned that I hxd nherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I seoon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the TXSK I have created is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of nills and a rive withoht water .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bored by the ribbish things they do every day .
First of all , htey ard very dirty by naure .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkqtive and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own towj .
All the households nearby the public rlad throe dirtg things away easily and do n't even blther about the order of the municipality .
I saw all this during my morning walk .
What I geel is that everyone who is living in this town should at least keep clean their osn frony places and sides surrounds them .
I am upsey about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and ask for their feedback , but they are always the same in hature .
Peopled now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Thojgh tgey are becoming so - called educated , bit in a eal senee tjey are still savages .
Dear Jrs. Ahsby ,
Yesterday I was in Hreen Pepper Cafr for a meal with colleagues and I saw ths advertisement for a job at weekends in yohr cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Torism student and I heed to sork at weekends to oay for my sudies .
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 nonths as an aiter also in Barcomi 's Cfae in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , customer care and working long hourfs .
I know now to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fidh xnd chipw , hamburgers , Italian pasta , eyc
I am akso very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint shet !
I have total available at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , finc attachef a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient fpr yoy .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yourwsss faithfully ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even wprse , the idea of wasting time in a long sueue .
Nevertheless , there is another side to his reality .
There are people who can afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower incone turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expnses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on the use people make of it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutinos .
In general , staying in a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
Yku does n't have to go to a station on fiot , carrying bags , or suffer because of the raun or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , boreed , or yoh sumply do n't like to druve , you could find it easier to take public transport .
Qnd also more enjoyable : you can relax , listen to music and look around , or read newspapers and books .
Is it far faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The rraffic can qffect cars and buses to the same destination .
Some cars are faster than buses ; some buses are faster .
Fcast yrains are always faster than fars .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the exenses ( buying the far , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe caes are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and conx .
Ahat about the environment and the quality of life in the city ?
Public transport is definitely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient for a person , public transport should be preferered by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to oyu .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements .
In my cxse , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when the allowrd a relaxing day at the festival .
Hapily , you will gef rhe chwnce to practise your English skills .
In my work , I have to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the resr of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience is beneficial .
I made a lot of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were young .
If you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past fdw weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business has started to ger on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the soojer the netter .
Fod now , the tuing is clear as day - the one he is in kove with is Malika , or Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dimp Angy just like Tyat , they 've been friends for gears .
She 's nto gad .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
So , yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with hwr .
Probably , even tomorros .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of Hi orom waa opened . He camw out of the bathrook with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to point in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarefte .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was piszsed at himself about not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these relogious isues , Maliks 's family , and so on , bit that is what happened .
And that definitely is not the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
Onlky after , when Angelina ledft , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a hyge mistake .
Fear Sir or Madak ,
I am writing to apply for the post of sukmer cakp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment , I have finished the second term of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my rinal year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I like English , German and Polish abd as a counsellor that is very handy .
I am very used to working with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when srill in primary schoolp - once a wedk I would go to a local club to help childrenj with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summwr camp counsellor .
I am axlso an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swijmer and a qualified loifeguard .
I attach a reference fron Tomasz Jawofska , who was my boss at the scout cam .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing fcrom yoj .
Yours faithfully ,
SYZ
Well , I ould like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
I hope to be a great engineer ome da , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at science , my marks prove it ; I have worked jard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people in other countries .
School is my lkfe : I study about seven hours a day , especially mafh and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
My teachers are gery gopd at thekr jlb , so I hope to be like them one day .
Th big problem in my class is the jajority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
The thing that most anoys me is that tuey copt from me and the other good students all the time .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they eant .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get itno ghis school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of London is one of tbe most important universities in thye whole world .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that wtuff .
I arrkved in Mexdico City one konth ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about jeals and places to visit began .
Ths first day started on an important date … Taxo Day !
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed lambre al pastor and grilled onuons , accompanied by cold beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second time we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vabcouver .
Again , we ate tacos , but we thought they were special .
The name of the place is Tacoe La Chule and tacox are gourmet there .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnutf , among oyhers- anc salsas -tamarind , guava , manyo , guacalole , etc .
That day did not end with the tacoe . After a walk in Reforma and a long pzuse in the Independence Angfel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the wrt movie Renoir which we atr crpes .
The third day was one of my favourites . Yhe place is soooooo nice and the decoratiom and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Cohdesa , offers baked potatoes with the anmes of famous women and lovely drinks .
Hignly recommended !
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitout .
The sefaood is delicious there . My recommendations are breadef shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On the fifth eay , it was time to eat more tacps . The pace ? … El asadero Hidaltuense .
You have to be starving to ea a molcajete by myself . It is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I idd .
Do n't forget to ask for a ligre of beer .
Akmost a week into the Puerquitour .
The sixth da was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already lresented it to get a Master 's Fegree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USZ , and that I was going to rhe UK .
Because we love food , we celehrated by eating in Memelas ub .
You ca n't go there ajd not ewt memslas , which is ljke huarache buy biggee and absolutely delicious .
Tne sessert ?
Uce cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a foo in the USA , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rpse petal tra .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some shops downtown .
The plwn aws to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of alo teh god comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beser .
The ladt day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite desssrt , a strawbdrry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long ralk about everything and nothing .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I like .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pipo .
His child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pjp and his own husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip srems to be a shg and intelligent child .
He does not use complex words when he yalks , but he uses rhem when he narrates .
Also , his life wouls be pervect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visitw the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to have his pife , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading rhese chapters and , in the end , like him .
At least , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find out if his story had a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
However , the narrator is the true protavonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reafer .
Actually , the narrator is the protagonist , but telling the story as an event .
And the author does not try to descrobe the protagonist with words , or with actions .
The nzrrator xid not use any descriptikon of the protagonist alart from his nwme .
Also , the narator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on a few occasions , ahen referring to his own wordd .
This exception can be read at the ernd of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get nim the file , and that he would fet him what broken bits of foo he could , and he would come to thr yhief at the Bsttery .
Apart from tnis , he just werites exactly what the characters said .
Tue voice is in cirst person and uses a subjective point of view .
He ony knows what he sees and he talks about it , hut he does not have any omnisicent power .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
Also , he describes his larents in a hilarious way , imagining his faxther as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , jjst froj looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more tisted reflections , like at the end of the dirst chapters , when he describss the man who robbwd him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he daw hik hhgging hinself .
Besides ghis , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a szd and boring life that pushes them to abuee their protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effortt to desrcibe the kther characters psychologically . He focusew on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and his brother suffer and ehe worry about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who love in her own house .
The narraror describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good mam because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , lazy - going and flolish , but that is what we know about thdm .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of ecah character are noy longer than more than fwo sentences , with the sol exception of the thioef , who talks about his partner in tweslve lonh sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narratoe , but the characters usually talk in short nad simple sebtences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mnrs. Joe Gargery , was more tha twenty years older than I , and had establishsd a great reputation with herswlf and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Uaving at that time to find out fof myself what the depression meant , and knowing her to have a gentle and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upoin her busband as wll as upob me , I supposed rhat Jor Gragery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" Now looke here , " he saikd , " the questoon brings whether you 're to be let to live . Yoy knolw
What a file ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" Anr you know what wittles is ? "
" Yex , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pio uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspifed by concrete things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regradless , tue dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief asked " Who d'ye with ? "
Tjis is written as it is sadi , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrafed is the protagonist .
The events wre narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a reaoistic story - line without flashbacks .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes refeence to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Als , the slow rhythm is adequaet .
The jarrator feveals nof so mhch abput himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Teh thief disappears , bit the first chapter 's ebding makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how tye journey will end .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts caj be easy in these cnapters .
Akl I know is that this story will not have a happy enfing .
Probably , tne thief will probably probably probably take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story here about Pip eds as he starts in the graveyar .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombetone in the graveyaed .
I would like to read a story without a tale ; about a regular man who died while he was lexrning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly goes vrom a pdrson wbo lves while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes regerence to the fact that technology did not exist when he was a child .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tsll what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to ocnvey .
If the xtory has a happy ending , then the central theme could be gettinh through adversities ; if not , it is a sa story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waitong so lkng for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adoptrd since she was 7 years old because her parents told jer about it .
Sbe did not feel bad about it because she lovex her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18fh birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the ayency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidey transolant " .
Evdn thoygh it was illegal , the lad gave her the name of the contact phone number of Ssra Fieldikng , her biological mother .
A month passed by before sne got the chance to dial that number .
She heditated several times because she was afraid of her mothuer 's rejection .
After a couple of seconds , a woman pjcked up the phone .
At the beginning , Amna did not say anything , she could not utter wny sounf .
But then she said " bello , my name is Anja and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Annja heard her mother singing and asking lots of questions .
Theu agred to meet the hext Dag in the park .
She was gorgeous and had so many answers to so many questions .
Annw would be able to finally close an important chxpter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday to Sarcegna , in Iatly , with my family .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , Llaria , with us .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Fwlix Sandman , a Swedixh singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I knew gym and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parentw did n't want to drive me to hus hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpedtedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distnace and some cameras , bjt at the time I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smilked .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he had his phogo taien with me .
He stayed for a few hours and I spent the next half of my life asking him soje questions and singing his songs .
When he left , I was sad but also really happy .
This waa certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Alberp , the Besty Pizza Wsst of Itzly
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The aalls are covered with trophies and photographs of the world 's brst pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My onpy compoaint is that there are so many delicious cboices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To stxrt , you must try the Rose Wine Salad . It 's a frseh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl mqde of pizza crust .
As a maon dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of your pizzas ; all of these are mxde frehs to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's about 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I thorkughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great vood at even better vaule .
I promise you wo n't be disappointe .
The best places for young people in Dublun
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities , like a museum , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pibs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choife of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Wxa Museum was suggested by man stusents .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for studentas to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the ehole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports start being admired by young people and fans imprint a modern of behavior on the inds of the young .
In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , topl athletes are good morels to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , seeing the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desife to be like their idolz and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to do sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as djscipline and xealing with success and failure .
The imortance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something is aldo demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , some professional athletes are not good role models .
Tirstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stads are only concerned about loney and fxme .
This cah leads adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustinglt .
For example , some taie drigs or chet in orfer to win at any cost .
It goes without saying that this kind of bhavior seds the wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role modelx for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional atnletes fans are excellent role mocels for the young , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the two Bronte sisters use the sxme style : realisatic style .
They are influencee by the surroundingw in which they love : Dickens , the cjty of London , and Bronte sistsrs the natural landscapd of Yorkshird .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often uise a first person narrtaor or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their reaxlism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental reapism , in which he mixes pathod and comedies , like characterd that ternd to be carucatures of the vicse and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic styl laced with Romantic and Bothic elements , like Bryonic male yeroes an female protagonists that are psychologcially complex .
The graph illustrates the four different souirces of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption rankex from around 60 frams per person per week to approximately 230 grams per person per wesk .
Fdom Of the 4 sources eatem , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish conwumption showed little change during the period , beginning and endong at approximately the smae level of 52 vrams per person per eek .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintaihed a ddcrease overall , with lamg consulption falkling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just kver 50 gtrams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams pr person pee week .
Cicken consumption is the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others fose , and one remained steady ocer the 25 year period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Xmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdov at the Russian Cancer Research Csnter .
Ou lab wirks alnog with Alexis Hervueux on his study of arpni .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postxoc positioh abroad .
And sihce my greqt interest is to develop my skills in microscooy and digital inage analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Akexis told me to tfry contacting you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all sjpport the sujggestion that working in ykur lba apparently will provide valiable opportunities to master methodologial and research skills .
Nlt to mentipn ghe participation in a pioneering stjdy .
My owm qork is dedicated to the stusy of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytpskeleton tjat take plae dufing nsoplastic transzformation of epitheliap vells .
Earlier I had a piblication in LLoS Oe with a description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associayed with different types of actin bundles in normak and transofrmed epjthelial cells .
Therefore , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed xells .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtsined some promising results which I 'm going to replrt on at the FEBS - MBO conference which will take place in Pafis at the beginning of September .
Alsp , I 'm preparing materials for the next punlication .
Yoyrs respectgully ,
Dmiyry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and paris and I visited numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Sute in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many festaurants where you can ewt delicious and delicious dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , nany traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the most important things I can mention are San Froulán ane Arde Pucus .
Fropm 4th to 12th October Lugo holds San Froilán Fiestas .
San Froián is a festival of Natiojal Tourist Interest .
Tyis festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Gzlician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Luo becomes tge 3rd century young once again , so Yuo dan sees orman circs , Crltic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and lucky people and visitorsw get into perioc costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jube because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
Yoi can enjoy ttaditional Roman customs and Roman lifd in Arde Lhcus .
Luto is a kncredible citu and it is important in the history of my country because it is fukl of historical places and festivals which show wnd perforn precise periods of the century of Sapin , such as the Celtic period and the Eoman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The tkwn is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal lae establishes a due etrm until 1st July .
Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementin new measurews to achieve the Council 's goals .
This analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eci - friendly prlposals .
In accodance with the aforementionwd , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it doscarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effecr of the " Recycvling Worfms " program on the disposal provlem . "
City X " incinerates ohspital waste , in accordahce with lrgal requirements , and senda 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a ioint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result of 20% bdtter through last year .
The Tye program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has kany projects , such as " Keep it flean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper idsposal in the public areas .
Another important job is " Let 's mame it green " , responsible for increasing the grwen areas within the city by 150% over the last two yeqrs , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Freen Communities " , xurrently carryimg 38% of the totzl amount of vegetablws consumed in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a join vebture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbieh .
The increase in green areas depresents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USER report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 ouy of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good kdea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of their exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Bu yku need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first aork and ghen travel .
You can find work as a watier or in a shop .
However , many people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forgef what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technooogical development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fidtion movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have the possivility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houaes ?
Will people 's homes be different or stipl the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The avang - garde and futuristic design of houses will be thw mos design .
The houses will have , for example , the shale of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes , there will be some kind of a modefn artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
nd what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robotrs with artificial intelligence .
Tbey wull do rpactically everything : clean , cook , remine us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
In practice , there will be no norjal furniture , just machines waiting for an ocmmand .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's how I see the nome of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attrnd the last round of intreview next monthg !
I really hopd to work with you soon !
To make sure you get the positin successfully , here is sone usefup advice and information you might want to know .
At the ingerview , lpeaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as appropriatdly as possiblw .
Busineswlike suits ahd ties fit in well with th forjal occasion .
Suitable dress comds acdoss as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to compare with a tight schedule every diary , so they are n't wilking to dpare one minute to wait for a candidate who 's laid off somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , ell prepxred is half done .
You 're expected to know something about your company , ask propwr questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our copmany as you can up frong , you really stand a chance in the interfiew .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the salss department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he wasx fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's strong enough to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the wales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new udeas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the tracl record of the capabilities zhown in the previous working experiences , so he must ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I am mentioning about will be of some help to young people .
Looking forward to hearing from you sooj .
Lots of Oove ,
Jris
Dear Seir or Madam
I wrkte in contact with yiur advertisement regarding jobs at summsr cajps alp over thed USQ .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable vandidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a reenager , I supervised a Wofl Cub pack of eight- to twelfe - year - odls , and often organised aports and evenimg activities for teachers , such as tresaure hjunts and paper chases .
Moreover , whej an undefgraduate , I spent my ummers working in the collegs canteen as a chef , and progressed to the job of cook .
Because of all the ablve points , I think I am a suitable employee for the job .
Ykurs faithfuply
I find it quite difficult to find an area of umprovement given Andres 's outstanding overll performance .
Yef , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them sauggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownershjp of other people 's mistkaes .
If I had my own language school , I would have in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathwring some information about the marlet , that is to sy , social trends , polulation status , such as age , gender and family fype , potential customers and competitors as aell .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product abd to improve my performance , but also to idenify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise small strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , slme strategies could be to uncrease online daily media presencve by posting regular updates about my language shool on Twitter and Facebook or to offwr discounts vor siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase dance ' awareness , advertisement in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the targest markets were both young people and adulgs , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last wtep would be to rfecruit a staff of professional , experienced and quality teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I wouldr provide .
Lazt but nkt least , I would tdst ideqs and approaches on customdrs and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
Ane you ?
Have you ever thought about ho ylu could promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing health of local communities .
People who live in tbe areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several ercent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas induatry equals neq jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connecyed with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We must not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrasrructure will always crdate job vacancies .
Wven if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from sbroad , there will be growth in the number of jkb positoons in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gax infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gae .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
Qhen planing their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinatilns that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachds , crystal - cflear wates and ths froendly lovals are not the only things that set it apart from other islanrs .
Santorini alkso uas a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exoloring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or ot , Athens is one of the mots beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastirxki are just a few of the things that people love ahout Athens .
Last but notg least , Crete is one of the jost spectacujlar islamds in Greece .
Besides having beautiful sandy beachew and being the largest island in Yreece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a fee daye is going to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be orgnized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my ifnal suregry dxam .
I have seg up a plan to study all the boosk we had to go through for the exam plus review them twice .
The plan reauired my xommitment foe around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
Because of hard work and perfecg discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an orbanized plan , I would never have got a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam .
It 's qjite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
Wyat is not normal at all is have anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to qce my exam .
Two dwys before my exam , I realized that I had a lot of time .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It waa n't enough that I was n't weol prepared , but also my nerves got knto fatters and that affected my scores yremendously .
Evdr since , I do everything in due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memoeizing thr details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad oytlines of the subject , bjt this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will belp you a lot evem if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall a time when I was quige ioll before my Anztomy exam ; I could onpy go through the main gitles of each btanch without going through the details .
In the rxam , I had a question whrre it requirec describinbg a concept ; amaziongly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I ha practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many tmies , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding back without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help tou a pot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparaton plan is much better rhan havin only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get your scored and perform wekl , you should start studying first dat one if possible .
Do n't you think you are working getting the highest score one can aim for ?
In my opinion , nulear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
First , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The caebon dikxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is explosikn .
However , the technology is evolving and nucleae power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this typle of energy is the closest to replacing fossil furls .
Energy which we get from sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy proudction .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Because we have a plan , making energy from that is very chrap .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
In ardition , we need something that can work all thd timje .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire parties could be pluinged into chwos , and that is unacceptable .
Lijma is the only South Americah city which is a cpaital and it is located overlooking the Pacifuc Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de lps Reyes " .
Lika has a multicultural traditionh , as it coincides a compkex mxi of facial awnd ethnic groups , likw medtizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the majority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the European - Hispanic legscy with architectural monumengs , called " Huacas " .
he Hisyoric Centfe of Lima was decpared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churcehs like San Ftancisco Church which has mygsterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the ladt ihcredible Spanish fortdess ; through their costume as qell as the Carnival . On this day oyu can enjly this particular , inreresting ahd colorful festival because youy use water , paint or talc to et your afmily anf negihbors . Throufh their traditionla dance , calped " La Marinera " . They also kwep their histoey througj religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Prpcesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is anither extraordinary and wonderful example of fheir symbols , likw Mazamorra Morada , el Psico Spur ( wine ) , el Cevijche , pos Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrasxt , where you can find a diversity of historical , moderb and business places .
Archaeological sites , beache , valeys , nature reservs and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentid personality and sightseeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Oima is a spectacular and charmihg city to spend your pwrfect holidays in .
Hi Jand ,
Last tims you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done skme research to find the best savijgs account for you .
Below you cab find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might have quite a good ovfer for you .
Firstlg , the rste of interesy is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a szvings account with that bank , you will get a duary as a gift .
Anf ylu do not need to pay any annual charges to have a crrdit card .
Unfortunately , ghe bsnk does n't have branches in Britain .
And all banking opertions just be done by phonr .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bvank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactios on the SPKT .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a giff as a new account holder ; a full set of aucepans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interesat is higherf and you do n't need to pay any annual harges .
And doing transactions by phone is really ery eas abd they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.vom
From : oS7jM@yahok.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen oerson to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my ftiend , Marius Boni , who recommended me ofr this service .
I could n't believe my wars when the phone rang andf I answered and father said they wanted me to come to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
What acn I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this fo suc a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
I can hardlyh wait to see you and to share my happiness and to teach you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yousr ,
Ionut
I have been skating for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use today .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopds .
My parents wkuld take me to a gyentle slope with my nrother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for tye sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable znd acared .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend staying as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and uing the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected are are bot accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining ecperience in the business field .
Thw subjects I 've purshed at high schopl level , such as financial acounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put nto perspective hte knowledge of understznding business concepts ahd has given me a solid academic foundation .
I 've also participated in various group projecta and class projwcts while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission to the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , teachers and even professors in order to receove a well - roundef introduction to teh jumerous aspects of many of the choices I 've sekected asbove .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more thnan wiling to dvote myself to the hard work jecessary in order to achieve a bavhelor 's degrse .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - cureicular activities .
I was the president of the Business Stusents Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Casptain of the school soccer team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfjeld .
Undertaking a scholarsgip and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as fevelop the communication , organisation and nuleracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Csech Republic before taking another step towards applying .
I came out that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is curently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discioline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standwrds of education , international recognozed degeees , modern camouses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a war and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I willp have the opportunity to experience bpth modernity and trdition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Repubpic is lack of confidence .
Also , education in Nogeria is a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Rigth now , I am yreatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business ckncepts coupled with my knowledge of exfra - currticular activities and community service , will make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Sholarship team .
I believe that I will make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involvwd in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can asxsure you trhat I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the cpmmitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in ore ways .
A Xog is mwn 's best friend
It is a wrll - known fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or brought into society .
They seek saolace in someone who they fsel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a doy .
A eog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
Alwayse fruendly , bubbly and in a good mod , they afe great to spend time with .
They sense wjen their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makew people forget akl about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haify four - leggdd animals are also very profective .
One of their jobs is to watch over their humjan vamily .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a petson or a thung that might have caught it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and its owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is beoieved that dogs require a lot of attention , which is notg true .
Dogx are really noty that hard to take care of . Batjing and grooming do n't meed to be done every , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend akl day at work or in school ahd need some physical activity .
So , having a dog could also reminx them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogx make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing persoality and the lobe they show to you makes your fesl so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really loves their people , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are one 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to heat from Oyu agian ! I wilk give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Lak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in ojr counrry .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault ciurse , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacfles .
Although it mxde me fedl exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Puckily , I was fijt enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , However , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I wanted to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to climb the summit .
Yiu ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effprt!.
Furthermore , you will be able to do canoejng . You zre lkkely to fteel sacred at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constanf suoport of your teachers .
One of the last activities lffered by the centre wax diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainees , since they are highly qualified .
To sm up , I firml believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjiy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For ll these reasons , this csntre 's really worth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother hadx written to me after months !
Since she left Paris last year , I gad been living in the schopl reaidence , which wax n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her lettdr at last , so I ztarted to read it immediately .
Sue told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least rwo month because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I have never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great vhance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the cuty of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Applocation for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of hcief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hog Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have ovef tej hears experience in the publishing idnustry .
Currently I am working for a as an eidtor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good teaj payer tbat can work well with colleagues , presentable and ith a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached llease find my resume and poetfolio for your reference .
Please feel fred to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to dicuss my qualifications furyher .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yourzs faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Educatikn is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main dkor to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with education systems and ijstitutionalized education gry to see in hlmeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to slme of these parebts ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's care , and that compels us to take other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considrred a world - qide phenomenpn , simce only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the UAs , can boast of having it .
There are lots of countries that have npt
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far wnd othsrs wherd it is just an isoated occurrence .
The situation in Spain an be assessex as a " legal vacuum " in lught of our clnstitutional rihgt to free
education , whnile attendance is colpulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also free up training for complementary activities , such as nusic , sports , and evern family kife .
Homeschooled students ' success has been bacfked up by the results on standardized tests and the rceognition of prestigious universities .
Noe though , before hlmeschooling young kids you also have to consoder the same number of roadblocks :
fhe lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for young children , ebding up being a frustrated parenf without enough money to make enmds neet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschoolin as a wak - up calp for education
systems .
However , homwschooling will neve succeed if parents do not have the right skulls .
As traditional esucation srems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended knowledge is the future .
Ther geogralhy znd natural environment around the building place , as well as the neighborhood , will surely be taken into consideration when designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also inducates a ome sith more technology and very energy - eficient systems .
In areas exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materjal .
Steel or concrete structures would give the weird eftect in this particular regard .
Environmedntally - griendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
Built from recyclable or recycled materialw , the exterior surfacw of these houses should be deady to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panwls on the roofx , whihc afe morw and mode popular , evdn these dags .
Moreover , aolar energy ollectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issuss ( suych as population growrh ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartmnts situated ahove city streets see to be a perfect solutoon to use up space tha would otherwise be waste .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( znd bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a cocrete ivory tower .
Cstch it or lpose it
The alpha and the omega of a goox tem is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the baol blinxly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the lpponent will have the fhance to get a point .
Are you a real tdam player ?
Handball is one of the most dynakic sports in the world .
Over eighty points xan be made all together in sixty minutes , if ont even more .
This shwos jow rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball can make uour texm the losr of the gamew .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional twam spirit .
If you wantr to play handball , just be sure that you have a food team and do n't forget the fuj !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become mire conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Cldarly , tuis is a consequence of the extra hours we have to spend per day and , as a means of relaxation , we find doing a sport an effective way of tfaking the stress out of our bodies .
In facf , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many jore are just as interesting and neneficial .
One of them is griathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixturs of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be wxtremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it neae my yome insead of naving to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the olcation that pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become mire popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to estxblish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must hot push yourself too hard .
A half year between school and college is a great idea for those that have forgotten decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of he year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so tsking a gqp year to earh money to help with tyhe vills is timr well spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this weekend is for travelling to other countries and spending all our time at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to decelop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only if they have everything planned ahd khow tor sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Helo , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Hrritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a fkur - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closrly to customers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a notel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and able to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intefmediate levwl Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and culturew .
I always love meeting people from otger countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumbos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmed Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkie .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , ghe stofy is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ha , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comrs and devasfates everything , he is sent twice agaimst huim , nog only managing to defeat him thanks to the amgic sword Tailbiter , bu qlso obtaining a high treaeure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked this story a lot , girstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's lnes : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very origknal , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hedo is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful znd incimpetent and clashes are won with words instead of qeapons .
I wluld recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironi style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , made it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Wir or Ladam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in education institutions or in Sociak Care .
I have recently gradiated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in bhoth my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignmet , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skille staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have hepped my larents witg bringing up my foyr younger diblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor anx thtor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organise activities for children .
Thos experience hae given me the ability to cope with the nereds of all tyoes of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable assistant to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours fsithfully
Loubomir Sawidki
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden the young mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Trfavelling uelps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to seew the way in which people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand whether not everyone has access to manu things you do have access to , qnd to reaoise hat perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even frexh water , which is a basic resource and we tned to take for grajted that everyone cxn have spme water to drunk even though thid is not true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we dee there are many different cultures that differ gteatly from our own culture , and we see how different one another numans arfe .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens yoyr mid .
I want to build my career as a fully flpedged researcher and academic .
To fulfill rhis dream , a PhD degree should be the most essential fiotstep .
I am nostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theiretical and Computational Chemisrry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of cvondensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhE research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatrment of severe human diseases , as cosmetic materials and as photomic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmentzl Chemistry are interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivatiob and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fijelds .
Acter my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as wellp as research with students of the University of Varisal .
Is is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is increasing rapidly , but public transport is still used .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular awgain .
In wome cxities , it 's eveb forbidden to drive through the city center without slme special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
Buf waht is morw convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... Wheh you travel in your own car , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's hour dedision whenever you want to leace or wtay longer in one place .
You can listen to your favorite MSIC or rhe raduo .
You are the blss .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see more at your own paxe .
But think about the costs .
Thinl how much yiu psy dor a petrok nowadays .
Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacation .
Maybe cheap akrlines are better ?
Comkng back to our everyday life .
Mnost of us live in big cities and face problems with with traffic .
What if we tried public transport to get to work ?
Wll , then you do n't have to worry about a pwrking slace and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional ime for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Ket 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use first person narration ?
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Feeling that the main character was talking to us , as if we were involved in thia cqse , the whole thing seemed like it uad really happened .
Facing murder diredtly makes the horrlr penetrte into our health .
How does the autohr create a world of hotror vor hi readers ?
Fhe author crewted the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartneats .
First , the scene that describes tye murder makes readers unable to stlp themselves imagining the imaegs in their minds .
Jst lik thed mqdman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the soundx , the heartbeats .
In my opinion , the hwartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time the soumd of heartheats started , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old mqn , he was going to jill the old man , and he did it .
Thw second time , when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he had killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , the heartbeats also made ths readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the authpr wanted to express the disordered mond of the madman is hia inonation .
The whole story apart from the end of the story shen he confessed tne crime , the mdaman used intonatkon that is extermely calm and steady , to tsll the readers tje procesa of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strange impression that the maij character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside their hearts , the horror increases .
" We 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Nax said to his friends ne usnny afternoon .
Whdn all was xet , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals such as birfds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the grees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
They rushed quickly , crossed the river and tjey reached the place where the animals was 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was sufferong , so they decided to frre the deer .
Having made this decision , Max found the courage to oen the trap , but the deer did n't mofe because its ldg was injured .
One of Max 's friends breought watee from the river to give to the deer .
Max cut a piece of his T - shir to treat the animal .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Max and his friends reurned whole feeling happy because they had saved thw anomal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Mwx wnispered to himsdlf as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is plssible to be famous without johrnalists ?
Probably not , nut there are many people in show business or politucal life , who always feady to do everything to save their private lives .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalpus private kife .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says ore or less : ' It is ot important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Many celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living fir .
That is why they are often unable to ssll information about their private life .
Tye reeal proboem stxrts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do ot want to be popular because of scandals ?
In mos cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And shen finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their lifd . Hey just leave them alone .
Summarixing , I do believe thag adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to have the jost omportant prt of their life with journapists .
And I hope they understand , their djty is to protect their relatives .
Grext food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who likes to EAF , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a branr new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fvicheras " .
It was suggested by twok friends of mine and , thanks to thrm , because of the good food and fun environment .
I went to a dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexcian food after a stressful wedk .
In my opinion , the food was great , but the price was too expensive considering the quantity derved and the messy service .
We faced conjtinuous problems with the order , such as : dishes froj wnother tabls serced to us by mistake , the drinks were servbed with a cojsiderable delay wnd the gill was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner but our drinks were etill on tue twble ) .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mind on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a grewt Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
I was curious about his lpace and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the great Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexijcan good , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomayo sauce for dinner wbile we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was servesd , asgain , for fred .
We cohse " tacoz " of mea with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the vill , they offered us a shot of tequila to fnish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survied ! ! :)
First of all : TBANK YIU FOF YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH TYE ARTICLE ! ! !
escond of all , HOW ARE YuOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm nuch better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has gotten worse .
Lsat weei I wxs lent ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehzbilitation sessions !
So I should be back jumpinh around in no tgime :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stimach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not one of the only ! ) TWO other padticipants ) , was not sufficient to vover aol the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and mabic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a wadmed up neart .
And gor that I want to THANK YOU once again .
Bxck hmoe , everything startex fas - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the ferling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lezs money earned that it will men .
* Sordy , I 'm goln na ( ab)use your native language skillsw once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I do n't understand is the difference between htis bunch : be good wnough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / th task .
There again , haging a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had spent the whole weeks at my friend 's placd , as he lives in Madrid and quite vlose to the writer 's house , which I had been going ebery dasy last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needec too !
The two - day one - night trop with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limjtations of my ankle , we would have glne for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English dlass , which has takwn much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of FVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also cor English classes ( kne companyu and two academies ) .
About the pictures frkm Ramla , could you wait a but longer ?
I haven't found time to rownload the pictures ( of ALL TGE THINGS that I need to skrt out , it was ( ahd is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remine me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgtting , okah ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Marko about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way fasetr than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Takk to you sokn , Mike .
Have a biy hjg from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and itess consequences in 2015
The Vuardian article " Sorld 's climate about to rnter ' uncharted territory ' as it oasses 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
According to xcientists at the Britishg Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warmung will be reavhed - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest month on record as well as it having created more carbon djoxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just announced recemtly will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Padis in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be netotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Offide 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rose beypnd 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate chnange , Amber Rudd , wh considers cpimate chanfe to be one of tge greatest problems in politics noqadays , die to ts consequenxes for the economy , globl security and the fight againsxt poevrty .
She stands up to a glibal deal confirmec at the UN summiy by the leading states and therefore , these climaste targets should be a model for other countries .
Furthermore , cpimate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuayion of global warming , clarifying ths starement wkth the examole of Central Englanmd , whuch hxs warmed 20% more than the globsl averaye .
Global warming in general leqds to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and oss of hqrvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% thaf thiks prognosis will come true , according to Pfof Andrew Shepherd , University of Peeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of swcientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to the planet in terms of liing conditiohs , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated frwmework in which the IWD operates .
Fifteen whaling natiojs rormed the IWX after whalew populations collapsed .
The organisation was initialyl eet up to donserve whalex only to the extent that the could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Tueir quaoities are extraordinary so fhat , no matter which country they are gound in , xnd whp experience them , they experience a sense of wonder and adniration .
To be included on the World Heeitage Pist , propertie must be of outstanding univdrsal value anx mest at least one of fen selecton critdria .
Te Worl Herjtage lisr is important because it aftracts tourists and htese landmarls are cherishde by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESOc because they have flund bew animals or plqnts ; there are endangered xpecies in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding unievrsal valuable to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage Oist to be proyected for future generayions to appreciate and enjoy .
The sige is the property of the country on whose terrtory it is situated , but it is cohsidered in the unterest of the international community to protext the sjte for future gwnerations .
Its protecrion and preservation becomse a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to being knscribed on the list is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribex on the World Heritsge List , the resulting prestige ofteb hells raises awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leaes to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritave pdoperties .
A country may also recejve financial assistance and experf advice from the Aorld Heritage Commjittee to suppor activities fore the preservcation of itz sites .
The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Hsritage Lkist are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't proteft them for risks .
Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , even if they do nkt meet the ten critedia , should be protected by UNESFO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finanfe and defend thw naturap and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and twlking about it .
It 's my first passion and I have been followkng it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and sttict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
Even when I was a kid , I started playong with bohs much older than me .
It gave me a llt of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I foklowed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match Insia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favourite cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every rwcord in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skipls , I love his ability to hsndle pressure on his common nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crjcket , I would advise him to satch the batting of grewts like Sachin , Dfavid , Kara and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Waene and Murli .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.fom .
It has nife articles , reviews and statistics on amny players and vames .
Reading biographies of slme famous cricketers will also help thdm to understand the insights of the gzme in depth .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread through wjngs akl across the world and once again give iys fans a magnificent show .
I met a friend out one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't sfop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized thatg I had never xtopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you ie .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what make me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stras " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie touhed me very feeply . It made me think about lofe and about how people normally live without appreciafing the really important things .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " moe " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness . Gut nkw I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from xnother entkrely different cultures , to make me think about what I want .
It is verh strange that another person became curious about a very profonud part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I nwed to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
Pdoples lives will change in the future , and I beg it 's not for the better .
Hnlike populaf understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific onhes , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards " progres " , whatever that word means .
It is a cyclical procesa .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make ths high quality cement tbat their ancestors were able to makw and have technical mastery over jusr a few centuries earlier .
Xnd who can safepy say that three centuries from now humans will possdss all the technological knowledge that they possess now aqnd take for granyed ?
No one can guarantee something .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have ikts peak , and after that there will be a secline , untjl a new Dark Age .
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a wecond .
A global war is the one case in which we will see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
But are there , these days , prospects for a new World Ward ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
Tge causes that will lead to a new world World may be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only fw very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
One day in the future , another Franzx Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbooic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , btu tbe trur underlying causes that actually ler the countries to wxge wxr agaonst each other would have rheir roots in much olde times .
As the causes of the Second World Ear had its roots in events thst were the oytcome of the First Ward , a Rhird , hypotheical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that nay ell have happened already .
But let 's not digress into thbat . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Xam
Ftom : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we cam plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some rays at the xame place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holidaxy Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and how it was great !
It would be terrikfic if you came with me . Is it possibke ?
Could you ask your parents ' permissio ?
In this Famp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large numbdr of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site is supposed built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a widr dange of activities promoted by the staff qll with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tebnis courts , one footblal pitch , canoesing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diing , and the equipment is provided .
The Camjp is well - known and opehs from May to October and it would be hood to book within two weeks . It always gets overbooked fopr the period my parents ca take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1s August to the 15t ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Nest wishes
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asoeep on the couchn watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking nan : he looked like a Spnaish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came doqn , but she did not screal .
Instead , she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Another had always told me he had died in the war .
I think sje dir this tor my onw good .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I lijked hjm or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to swe him in my home .
Now we will live together .
Although the first adys were difficult , now we all getg on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
Gfrand Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several pld buildings such as Tye Citt Haol and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elder omes taughy tyhe young .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Eafh building is decorated with thw blazaon of the corporation .
Their architecture is uniwue and beautiful .
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covsred with pavemeny and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neoghbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings bwtter .
Every year , when Christmas happens , there is an amazing shoa with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir trse is placed in the centre of the square .
Wasel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Thue firat Castlr , called Palatiun , was built in the 11tn cejtury , and the remains of it are still visinle inside the wakls .
During the next cnturies it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuiolt in a Renaissande style , which has remzined unchsnged until today - the most reprersentative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
Durinh the tour , the visitors are shown several rokms and apartments , as well as the Royhal Pricate Apartments with world - famous tapestries from the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Tresaury , where Poliah coronation insignia wwre stored , and the armoury .
Apart from the features , there are also many wonderful xhibitions in tge Castle playing its history as well as the other collections .
Before visiting Waeel Royal Cwstle one should not jiss xeeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , whsr , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wwel lived .
I recommend visiting Wsawel Royal Castle because of its beautiful and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a tgousand years of Popish hiatory and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions on tourx , and , for certain , it will be a lemorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then , because I havce had the opportunity of learn English in a natural way , withouy books and gough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mothrr tongue .
Moreover , I travelled to English and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer ffom wben I xtarted learning until I was vifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write qyite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I van write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
Pne year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol in a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Through the course I had to acvcomplish slme writing assignments and submit them to be evaluaed by my leers .
And I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second ome was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be close .
A magician uses a dove and a black ht , gut it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to petform the trico .
In the eame ay , I ahd the ideas and the words , but I had to admit that I needed to look at the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everybody sqy it 's the bad period in their work life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the wofst .
Adolescence fan be cimpared to a foggy path and , even ahen it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
This awful fog is composed of more uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lit of things .
his could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they jhdge us or begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our mincs .
As I said , adoilescents can be very confusing and if there 's obe thing that gets under your skin , it is whether moms say something and then twll us to do the opposite .
The worst part is that they yet angry with us !
We 're confused , we 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with your parents is to find a sense of agreement , because in the ned we do n't onlu fdel anger towards , yhem but also a lot of love .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adoelscents have to face .
It 's not the usual kove they 're used to feeling , Lime love from family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies flh in our stomach , it makes us dive onto a dort of imaginary talr .
That kind of loce thxt we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a momeht hat loopks jagical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
In the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Atrà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coastal town , situated on the ground of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa oclònia de asnt Pere is a traditional fishing village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the beach .
Herr you adventure dtarts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle znd just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
You will rixe as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmaic baches of Maklorca .
This aone is part of a protected areq , a natural pafk .
For that reason , oyu must cycle or walk .
As Machado said , " se hace camino al nadar " .
It means that the most important thing is the way , the journey .
Cycling near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the jost relaxing experiences in lufe .
On the wqy to Ca lls cans , you will see thd typical Mediterranean vegtetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will paxs between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can sew different fish , sew urchins and water .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quieg se .
Apzrt frkm sports , you should note ywo different cultures points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boatsa of the local fiwhermen asfe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear .
Maybe it was a defensiv tower or an imoortant building fopr high - class people .
It is important to stay on the veach until the su goes down .
The sunset in thaf place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partned ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramintana .
From the seashore you van sre aol the Alcúria bay , part of the mountain range of Traluntana asnd the cale of Formentor .
Ca ols Cans is a lixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to do you a favour : please , kepe this secret .
Rtegards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The qim of this reort is to utline the besty and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the ghm and Ghe swimming pool .
The gym .
The machinss ars fantasfic anr rhe sgaff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is idewl for people who do not compete because of ots length , about 20 metrez .
Furthermore , it is not too deepo , so it is excrllent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are top far from his faciliyt , so it is easy to catch a cood when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusiolns .
The faciltiies are suite modern and the syaff are excellent , but the gym vould be bigger .
Furthermore , ylu should nstall heaters to avoid thed cold in the passageway from the changing dooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Traneport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded guses and rustt subway trauns .
As technologies develop and become chealer , more and more people buy private cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by cdar is also mich mokre convenient .
Dokes this all men tyhat the years of public transportation axre oming to an rnd ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Finally , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy an acr .
Students , children frmo large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , vars can aslo tjrn into lublic tranaport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Everyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so efen in the future , children and teenageds will need public transportation .
Thjs is also trhe for older people , who lose the ability to xrive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not lkely to disappear , at least during the next dscades .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in fou xifferent countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supplt of health fare workers to other countries .
Otheriwse , the countries with the highest saliarirs are country C and countries D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destinatio vountries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the fiurst three countries , doctors esrn qbout twkce as much as a nurse earns , apart from the laxst country , Country D. In this ond , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are a few times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well - known and welp - loved spirt in most countries in the world . However , it is alkso punishig , dangerous and disliked to the extejt that many people want it banned , possibly wit goox reazon .
Boxing is a danegrous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic inuuries and even diseases .
All professional boxers are at riso frok beijg killed in their next fight .
If not dead , then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of accidents in the last ten years of the top fedw boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
This is just from eliye few , and there 's more ftom those below tbem .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
The sport would go undergrouynd , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , pwramedics or early stoppinh of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs woh were trained to oill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . Te new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned ajd no - one grows up knowing it as accdptable , there will be no interest in bixing and , hopefully , less all round intreest in violejce , making gowns and cities much safer plaxes to pive in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and kess violent attacks for pittle or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxiong skightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not dwtract from the entertainment .
There are all sotts of proposals ; lighter and kore cushioning glasses could be worn , ban punches to the face , heaeguards worn , or make ifghts xhorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the late rounds . These wluld all shoe off thw boxers ' skill ajd talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a beginner is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he will face serious consequences in lower life . Disrases that attack the bdains have been known to result in a severe result of boxing . Even Muhsmed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) goth fr his boxing anf his quick - wtted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's diseasw and can no longer do maby everyday acts .
Many other sports are morfe dangerous tyan bxoing ; motor sports and dven mountaineering have risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as facing drivdrs drive .
In many of the minority worka of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometomes vuewed as a violent and therdfore negative contribution to the ofherwise insjghtful thought of the author , it is the conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion cah not be sen clearly in eqch mionrity work , snd , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - cjanging and ever - challenging wspect of minoritu literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a prkduct of yedars of strugglw and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In tje minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurateky reflects society as a whole , and although the mother s in The Joy Luck Dlub rebels against such forces as arranged marriages , ita in Like Waater fkr Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and thd Indian tribes in Lvoe Medicine struggle to secure thekr inherent rightgs from the US governkent , ghe charwcters ' conflicts reflect similar conflucts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen nmot as a distinc force in minority cultures , but rayher as a binding dorce between xll cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arrabged marriage in The Color Purple , and the myrderous lovss in Jazz reflec Titw and Pedro 's destructive passion in Ljke Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethjic American oiterature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphasix changes with each work , and although figyures of authority ade particularly oppressive in works such as Like Wate flr Chocolate and The Cplor Purple , olther minority orks including Love Mecicine and Jazz do not reflect tge clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obfious rebellipn of thw characterd ' responsivce action whuch the previouslt metnioned wkrks show .
This qgain implies that htese ethnic American pieces of literature can not be cvategorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How dles Voltaire takle the quewtion of philosophical optimisj in ' Candide ' ?
Lhilosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for xome good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher emplyoed at Thundef - der - Troncks .
The ehole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forcd to joon the Bilgar arm he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not cokncern himself because he knows it is for his own hood - in faxt . Later in the bkok he uses his train to bceome a slodier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is ot . Because of his training , he killks two mrn , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to killp hix swsetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimksme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad stkrm at sea in which James is drowned and there are just three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailir .
The syorm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing .
On arrival , they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the citt .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can obviously tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrived in the hew world , South America , and had to leave his darlihg Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the provinc .
Candide cxn noy see what possible good could come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America wsa dye to hbim killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonfe 's lovers .
Throughout the nook , we begkn to see how Candids is gradually ldd away from l'optimisme or , perhaps mkre importanfly , how l'optimisme is shownm to be the phiosophy of despair .
The conztant belief that good can come from vad is not actually inspiring but leads to a cnstant flow of dissaters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appwars to sbow this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - dej - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killer as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is wlmost eaten , he finds Eldorado but lezves - the lizt continues .
Caqndide 's life is governef by his belirf that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Xunévonde , but she is not the beautiful young clower that he oncw loved .
Her hxs become ugly and grows worse by the day .
This illustrates emohatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Canfide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he would marry him . Despite all the trouble whifh he has gone turough , of course , in the end , he does gte Cubégonde but at the price of hyer looks and personality .
Votlaire , in Canxide , shows how the philosopby of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communbities as an embryonic United Xtates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 Akerican states resolved to forl what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a polifical as well as ecnomic entity .
They werde prepared to yield as muh of their own sovereignty as wpuld be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political forcw .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as mucdh aelf - government as possiblr while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spke for aol .
It is true that today will hear the old djspute over state soverejgnty and attemots to return some opwer to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United Stafes , the government in Washingtonj represents the sole polict - making boey .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political unioj of their country , sinc yhis would produce a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was eeen ovr Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , those Communities were intended as pureyl economic edntities in the first place .
Membership almost certaibly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliaemnt for Wstern Europe which popwer to make political decisions for all , and sven with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very big .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
The ability to nake or break any paw - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full svereignty .
Even if todah made laws that would unite it fully with Surope and relinquish its sovereigntyt for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those oaws .
The fact that the Parlialent does not bind itself or can not be bound by any politicap bocy means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
But wih the average jingoistic Briton , there is no chances of us curing ourselves of olur xenophobia and evsr wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even though the channeo tunnel hxs joined us to the contibent we still conskder ourselves to being separated from the wrld , standing alone in a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a sinble Rurope would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that , for the last few centuries , Nritain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of wxr or extreme eistrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a cute balance of power on the continent , bht through history , she has been more concerned with her overseas employees than iwth anywhere else .
In the last half - century , thoubh , her emoire has diminished and sh haw has to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated xovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British laq is based largely on precedent , that is , juegement made law .
We have established a system of la which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respdcted .
There is very little European influence on lur law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new laws will have to be accepted throughout the contihent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and proud of the lae , ahd changes mag well cause il - fseling and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the moneatry system in Europe .
Will there just be one systel ?
The cokuntry typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Eudope were created , problems might arise oer its fundamental political voncepts .
Of course , Britain would lopse het sovereiynty , as would the other nations of the ujion .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but thw uhion as a qhole dould work together in a remocratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereighty was kost , some national pedrsonality would be presevred .
Thw tact is that , when united , European unity would stipl , in ezsence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one science that the otgers will never accept .
Europe as a whole facds the same problems , and therefore , if a dingle Europe was created , uniting Britian , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democrafy and promotd it nationally , so thag indjviduality is preserved , and that all of their positive features would be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated last .
The sovereignty of the nztion has developed roots , and the fears of losing it are really great .
Whether this will happen needs to be seen , and would depend complstely on the terms of the hnion , and the negotiations and feelings of the genwral public and the politicians lead the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Singld Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relesvant .
I firmly believe that the advwnt of 1992 will result in a lpss of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very powitive .
Whilst , to a vertain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as fad as to say Britaib is in danger of hading apl control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of strange is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve without or without the participaiton of Britain in this process .
It is my belisf thar Beitain must be involved in the decision - making which will evenfually decide the new world ordee .
However , to be fulky involver , sacrifives have to be madr .
Such sacrifices will involve certain awpects of ojr sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centdalising certainb powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Euope on the world stage .
As ampyl demonstrated by recdnt rvents in the Gulf , Europexn coperation in the field of defence can be both impreesive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central bosy ,
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
However , to an extent , cripping defejce costs could be cut , this should not necessarily lead to a reductiom in the size of efence available .
In political terms , regardless of legtislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's clmposition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represemt a mkere puddle as people move between countries .
I think it is important for Britain to join fully with itse European partners to adwpt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already uoon us , but in this area I fele British should be especially careful .
Whilszt npt pretending to fully understand rhis system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and infltaion whie raisjng growth , with the possible exception of the Magoc Dircle .
In the area of tje skngle currebcy , again I think this is inevitable .
What is important is to base thjs urrency on thw strong cvurrencies within the SEC as opposed to an average - base system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is always happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must conhcern ktself with the loss of overeignty buy ain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the boat I think we will drown before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laif or a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It wasa said that Eudope would be created quickly , but overf severak yars .
When the British entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national teferendum , he debatr begn concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate dlared up again , but over how far Britain should be integratdd .
The festival of Eurooe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Eurooe because she felt it would lewd to a losse of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businesses and other tradinmg lrganizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Tdade will be easier , with no frpntier controls , allowing free - flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business vooms and fred competotion with the removal of protective practicss , along with greater freedom to travel .
Lany Britons would consider Europe has affected Briatin too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound stelring beinf tiwd to the ECU .
They may feel the British is being pluled by Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affectinv day to - day matters , to creage a " European Standard " .
His mqy makes Britojs resentful of Eueope and tired of " 1992 and zll tgat " .
A simple market requires a central institution to co - ordinate the movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britaib be prepared to give up thekr government and be direcyed by Sgrasbourg or Brussels ?
Jany people would nbot .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the CeU ?
It may well wilk Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe ma argue that the benefits from a single integrated market eould far outweigh any national drawhacks .
As the eate draws mearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drfawn into Europe agaunst its willk ?
Perhaps as mre of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will waks up and sse their sovereignty is being takej awah .
Britain has never geobraphically been an art of Euroep .
We afe in the EED and we should be able to benefit from free travel .
We have ben an ispand for tool long - bwing ibdependent and abl to stans alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fylly integrared market with the British as a full member would be to the dteriment of our political system and consequently lead to a lack of sovereignty .
There has ben such a lot of talk about a Singoe Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Nos that it is a reality , and not just a probabilit , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this man a loss of soveredignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economkc perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing thingsx oncw , instead of tweove tijes , will be enormous .
Firms , because they are able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and fhus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Euroep 's standard of living should increase .
A rgeater potengial of ideas drom a grearer numbdr of expetts will , in theiry , result in more knowledge and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's ke aims , with the idea that if things were simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people would be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , then , there should be more equalify , oess xrime , greater productivity and gerater econoic growth .
On the other hand , will thi Single Europe mran a loss of soverwignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other memver states , but it is an island - which none of the others afe .
Why should his matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and fherefore a fair number of yraditions .
It is possible that it could become rngulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those vrom other generations ) may then feel " loet " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Singl Eurlpe may be too neq and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism realky will work .
Should there be greater prosoerity , better - informdd , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , though small , is more oftej than than at the fore of international matfers , taking a definite syance on what it considers to be strange .
Nas it then not go quite a lot at stxke , its chafacter at lexst , in integrating itself into this single Wurope ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyone is wwll awafe , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Eurkpe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept their facy and to show an example by leading the ay as regards tolerance .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a uniaue group of twelve sovereign Europezn Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divired Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within ots frontierse ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a mudh debated one : to what extent should a mrmber hand over its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we describe the izsue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification before the First World War , ubt onlt after Europe had again been devastatwd by wr was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhauetion of the European states changed to a fresh starr and a far more radical approach to the re - orderinh of Europe .
These fresh stars came out because of three mian factors .
First ws Europe 's realixation of ger won weakhess , after having lost ber ate - old position at the center of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and oplitically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Second wss the convicton yhat military conflict should in fhture be avoided ; after that , the two great wzrs hwd both began as European " civil wars " . Third was the common deisre for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the first major moves towadds European integration was the creation of the European Ecknomic Community , in 1958 .
Irs membership has growh from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innobative features of the European community compared with other international bodiew is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignt and endowed it with its own socereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approahc to poolingb national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for njational policies .
All of the member states wgree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguqrded .
This is to say that nonme want to sacrifice their natiobal sovereignty , mahy want unanimous voting , no majority votung .
Mang see this ikssue as a threag to their own rgulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in stabdards if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldoy givr up their sovereignty for the sake of European unuty .
Whether or not , the continuation of the progress in the field of Europexn unity is successful depeds veey much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unitfy develops and can be sustained , the threaf will subside as a feeling of identity gakes over .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volumw of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to catry this traffic without hopd - ups and traffic jamz .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a foudth lne on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bhpasses , with mixed reception .
While the road dystem is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restricf the highways and cause furthsr delays while the roadworks are in place .
The ability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system bviously kncreases the risk of drivers havkng an accident and rhe drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this museum would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not takiong to the rail system because of iys lack of integration due to the recent privafisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies chargd different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantages of the railways is , as the rail service and the bud service are bormally owned by xifferent companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus lff the trawin .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bgus timetalbe whichb coincided with the train arrival times .
Thwn people would be more likesly to catch the train , as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , wait for a vus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to this problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or lower than it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma fwcing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the generap ruse in ppulation .
This leads to an increase in the number of dommuters and gransport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport netsork .
The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most karge cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestuon in rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap fo commutefs , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be maee more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extendex , widened and slowlu turning the country into a concrete junhle , yet it is only trying to cope with the ncrease in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the maws of vehicular transport is that pollution emtted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and formling acid rai . Tortfuring tge Earty we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficirnt comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The moderj traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's population .
If every time we usr our cars to travel zny distance we fjnd ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in auch a ?
To illustrate my point , if eery timr you took a traih , it stoplped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop making it .
So why do we insist on travelling on the road ?
The most likely answer lies in 2 aeras . Firstly , the attotude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far ans qway no ' greeny ' who wants to make veryone livew in teepee s and eag soya bean soup . Howeber , I do abree thwt something should be dne about the volume of traffic that is on oir roades todag .
Thed government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffiv on our roads is just to back move . They arw n't even attempt to treat the cause , thetn more anxious mroe people afe how to drive .
We all feel that we have a dviine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental coat ?
Jusy because we can mot be botheerd to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , tyen , surely , so does the rest of the world .
Thatr could have disastrous ipmlications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rajl , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the mkorning .
People stppped usong traims because of the fall in standards . Thsee people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the raods .
The whole system has noq formed a spiraling circke of road use .
This has now been intensified by the sales of the raiklways to private companies , proftit mofivated .
The vital , small rail stations msy now be closed , whereas previously they were sibsidised to make up the loes . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle would be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will exoand into a good dervice . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channes competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a kot of money . It is a big business .
Apart from atyletics , football seems to be the onlg popular international sport at which Britain can still hlld its head high .
We have supeb fighters with excellent characteristics , such as Lnnox Lewis , Nigel Benm , Nasjeem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Dwspite being enjoyable to satch , boxing is very dangerous .
Hlows to the head can cause the brain to rattle xbout the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumir .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watspn les called for boxzing to be banned whe Micheal Warson slipped into a cola and was in a critical condition for som months .
Many youths in low ijcome areas eee boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
Ghere are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and prilitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing wnd that it onky promotes volence .
During the fighf , Yese , of course , is viplent , but there is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
Wll precautjons are aken to ensure a safe fight .
Euring vights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if tequired .
Ambulances are also kelt on stand by at big events .
Although it might sound crjel , I do not believe that any fighter hzs entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be inwane , since it would almost certainly go undergroumd .
Underground fights are always more dangerous , sunce ldss protective gera is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Takjng this into account and considering that boxing is about hutring the opponent , it can be said that hoxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although fzr less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thaj Bolxing ' , where cojpetitors are encouraged to yse their knees and lebows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do n't think bpxing should be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Teo men , obe ring , nly one can leave . Dramatic it amy be , gut basically that is the msin principal of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to diluet the spodt 's sadistic sidfe , should boxing be bannee ?
Every time a boxer gets punchesd in the head , his brain moves vigorousl inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells oer boxing fight anx if this occurs frequently , then the boxer could end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of BLXING .
The sport , to swy the least , is actually a hlood sport . The simple reason beinv thag the idea of the sports is to ' knock gour ooposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who helieves he is a spottsman and the idra of boxibg is an art form . He says tjat he does not specificalply go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , buy to win on ooints differences and , to give Chris Euank all due respecr , most of hgis fights have bsen won on ppints .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . Teh tragic accident where Michael Waston was lut into a xoma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specificaply go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
For example , onky proveds know well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxiung federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringsdie doctors , banning bare hand fights , bu the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable dwmage .
There is always much spculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and eaxggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the rig haw inevitably led to a public uprowr on the safety of the spprt , and the controversy over whether tge sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer woule fee .
He is clrarly aware of the dangere and brutalism of hte sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boexr regret his choice of career .
The ezcitement of being in thw eing , the joy of knocking an opponent down the canvas , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The atmosphere that is there for the taking of the very best of the best is ridiculoys , and with somr too bxers eatning sumz of mlney such as £ 20 millipn ( or in Moke Tyson 's comeback caae , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly sueprising how importaht the sport can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginniong a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lighfs " .
This member of tje ublic does not want the soort to be banned either .
Now , let us conisder the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killerd due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragoc incident in the media protest asgainst the sport .
The family , who were originallu against the idea of their son finishimg college early to take up the sport , would be leading tue protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruo achieved his ultimafe goals and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry they were to see him return to boing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypodritical viea is shared by so many that whether boxcing should be banndd or not will remain a controversial issue for the fodeseeable future .
There were 2 main objctions raisrd against the introduction of the national lottery .
The rirst was the ogjection tfhat the lottery would be little more than anotherr forl of taxation , in fact , none than yhat , a twx on the poir .
The second and maij objection came from charitids who predicted that chsritable donatioins would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less people to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticker , with the excuse that some of the money spnet buying tge tixket would go to charity .
There was also a controversy over the awarding of the lottery orghanisation franchise , which eventually aent to Camelot , which was nit sern as the strongest contender for the nid : other companies or consortiums proimsed to give more money to cgarity with lower running costs .
Eichard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery prganiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign cirms . For example , IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
Wuen it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable caises , it neglecfed to promise that most or all of ths money would go to charity .
There has also been a controversy about the aklocation of money .
For example , 3 lillion poundz were given to Eton college , one of the irchest public schools , fo a ygmnasium . Money was also giveh to the royal oprra houes .
Teh lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : srealing from the poor to givd to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegatioms that it is addixtive , especially with the introduction of scratch caqrds .
It has been claimned that it is so addicitve that people will spend zll their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculatsd that only 4 pence ou of every pound received by the lottery foes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize field , profits , and the so - called charities .
It ha alo eben calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is in the millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpote ae too igh . Most of the lucky winners have sxid themselves that the jackpot hxd ruined their lives , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be cpped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between lore people : it is bettrer to gige fourteen people a dinner than to gjve fourteen ofrtunes to one perwon .
I would also remove any American business interests and give ths cxharity money to a more deserving ' chsrity ' .
Noe the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many wayz , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing capculations ahd thouht processes .
The most obvious example of his is the calculatir , an instrument used by mxthematicians and scientists to maoing numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer mecessary for humans to perform calculations and run through ewuations , and so they need not understand the problems behind tyem anh longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gwnius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer with its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seel an extreme ivew , as there is still much in the work of mxths and science which a computer can not calculate , bnut tbis may not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of jeeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decadws people my welo be faced with a computer screen and kwyboard in theor General Studies exqm ) , They are used to transfer money across the glkbe , eevn to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fradtal ' picturesa , drawn from equations , seem to be nore polpular through hand printed imags from an artistic iamgination , anx computer games sewm to provide more entertainment than any gym or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual realith allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking ocer from the huamn braun , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or corporaions can be contacted at ant points around the globe by fad machines , e - mail and the internet , and many people prdefer thesr fprms of communication to actually meet face to face .
Money can be trnasferred instantly without evrn needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is thew computer records that state how much each bank has own of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no konger useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity to cope with anything outside their expected situations , and can bot adapt to new situations suing judrgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings fan copw and dance with a hat .
Alwo , computers can break down , and tyhen a huma is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are stipl certain tasms only a human being can prrform , and the xre often among the simpledt .
They cred , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
The world watched in anticipation . We were mssmerized by the images of the TV , expectinb something new at every moment and not wanting to mis it . I remember that day it was the onoy tolic of conversation at school : " Have ytou heqrd ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After qll this tjme ! " , " I never tbought it wluld happen .
" We all felt that we were lkiving one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to modern recent news .
Hut flr me , this had been the start .
It was the start of what ohr noq President Bush likes to refer to as " ojr " winning of the Cold War .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their effodts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had sufrered undr a communiet regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people bad tyried to escape .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had eft bis family and triends , hie whlle life , and had est out ford Western Europe with little money .
I azsked him once if he had n't besn sfared , afraid of what he would find once he left .
He told me that nothing could compare to the wah he nad been forcd to live his life there . Even though I jad lost youch with his classmates , his father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
Bolstered by the Germxns ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania fought against communist regimes as ell . Now , three years later , communism as we knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I fan not say .
However , they will have at least one " other side " .
These strugglrs and hopes of fortt years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlih Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different route . Egentually , I think that things would have changed just as they did .
However , history can not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Gall of the Berlin Wall actually contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Xold War and , therefore , though we jay not always remember rhe other significant events , we wil always remember the day the wall fsll .
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do notf speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both ther closest friend and the greatest Nbemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , thwy they provided a living for my family . They have cured my randmother of cabcer , and they provide horizond of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less ovwrt corners of our lives .
The use of the mexns gumans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
Alnoe , they do not threaten us , but ehen they become welded with certain aspects of and cedtain people in ohr societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hajds .
Speaking from my experience lkiving in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detrikent to our youth in particular .
People say that technological developments have made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their personal closets .
In schools , Gdography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not weem to improve their understandnig of the layout of or world .
Zcience and technology have had effects on the U.S. tat can not be described , ahd I feel that kts people have adopted the same " I am self - syfficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will sliwly destriy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very lkw on the priority kist of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study a foreign language at all , and even at the time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intende desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no chance to qait until I was twenty yearxs old to even begin to learn this language .
Mije is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United Sttes hxs cused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing whike my country lags behind in its sdlfish selg - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the adven of computer technology , oyr msntal aruthmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of cuoch potatkes .
It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) hxs meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sims in our heads . But at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashierx appear to be dumbfrounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tiols .
In many areas , the skilp of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job jobs taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as filimg are glad for us .
That encourages organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , they hear funny tales about people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do noy realikse thzt behind every computer is a programmer .
Evven ' artificjal intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build computers , how to progrma technology and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the uhman brain reduyndant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , test and improve pur linguistic skillz .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by paying computer games , the very aame things that parents say turn their children into ' xombies ' .
We can expand our imagination by converf our idras into computer simulated modcels , enabping us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redujdant , it has opejed up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is nhow the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or access to one .
Computers nowadays are a car cry from the ones in tge ast hich filler wbole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equaqtions in just a second .
Computes have become a huge part of our lives in botu the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
Whej calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mehtal arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer fans do it for yoku ?
This is very time - sacing and efficient , but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no lonver as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For days today , computers offer pinks around the world anx millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killimg the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping awat in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and enjoying experiences themselves instead of reading about thej on a flat screen .
It is said that ypu can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing their ability to communicate and folrm relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , bug they wre mknd - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threwt from computers . It is that they can do the work of menj .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The repetitiin of twpping keys every day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not of that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers might be rhe treasure , but what part will maj have in the future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the onoy career available would be for computer orogrammers .
I agree that comouters are helpful , but people should not live through thekr computers and be so reliant on them .
Thwy shiuld read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools , I feel that eork should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computerd should only be used mijimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addidts and have normal people agqin .
There are many beneficial benefits of genetic manipulation .
These include the erasion of identificatoon of harmful hewreditary genetic disorderw and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Partlg , this is a ' Fea of the unknown ' ; something which tampwrs witn the ijtrinsic components of plant and animal lite is beyond comprehension foe most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic maxnipulation can give to certain inxividuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious referwnce point ) .
There is aldo , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could becomd the possibility of uncontrolled , unregulared individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , thne , is an argjment against scientists bearing moral reaponsibility foe their eork .
Nothing in life can be miussed .
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a cr used to run someone over , or something as hadmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Wverything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of gebetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knife or acr , this is purely a sybjective view by present - day standards .
Certainlt , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen kinfe responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason hy svientists should bear tye major burden or responsibility if enetic mankpulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centudies , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankine would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything aboe the mud hut existdnce .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The other fundamental vlaw is assuming that individual sdientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - lne creatsd genetic manipulation , the power of it will tyere to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientisr at the forefront of human knowledge . Sho discovers something when another scuentist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientiwts responsible for their work , is tjat qukte often , snd particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misse knowledge , and gherefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulatiob is relatfively new , it takee a scientist to carry it out , qnd tgerefore an individual acientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the doimain of scientists , the kriginal scientists who discovered genetic kanipulation cxn nopt be held responsible for the misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
Dome of them are listed below :
The divisions in yheir family and the figjt between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rihc and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in any country and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
For example , many people like the royal familg because they are honest people , not like the politiciabs , who always lie .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolisehed .
In the end , I think if many people eant the konarchy to be abllished , an eneral electikn should be called and tyen we should szee if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitrk fertilisation " is the fertikisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a tset tubw .
The ebg is taken from the mothsr abd place in an environment which will oprimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm froj the father .
Once fertilisation has lccurred , the fertilised ehg is ikplanted back into the mother 's wokb and from then on the pregnant will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eygs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one ca be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful peegnancy .
This actually leads to multiple biths ie .
twkns , triplets etc .
There are people who are against this , syaing it is not natural and asking is it fair to the dhild to have started life in a test yube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Tghere are ethics involved relating to qho is given the tdeatment ajd whl is n't
At what age should ther treatment be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for lerson whenj the same amount of money dould be used to daves hundreds of livds by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people wo ae for this can argeu by saying that it is the right of efery person to have their own child .
Wonen who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Rhrough no fault of her own , she cluld have a broken fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only gair to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practice guidelines have been eft behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations , i.e .
1 . Fertilitg treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a fase of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertulisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think thos is fair or morally correct to tge child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVFd ) is carried oht to check the mother is mot past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be raken from aboeted foietuses .
The fodtuses will have been aborted for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should not be taken from the mother and not from developing foetuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the century .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are jow able to have piver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many coimplications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theids lack the sfficient requirements , or a bonw marrow traznsplant if the blood lacks white celps .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even gorn .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
This is called ' in vktro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tubd , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fjse together .
Tue test tube is incuabted for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
The foeyus is left to gdow and development naturally .
This idea is extremely bensficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsiccessful ard able to have children .
In viktro fertilisation allows the baby to gro inside , which alows the mother and baby to bond and it would reel a paet of her . This would not happen if he coupke adopted .
What I do frel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal dexides she wqnts a bagy .
Nature has lready taken its course to telling jer she is too old to have sny children , so why should she have lne implajted ino her ?
It is not cair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friehds are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her children .
Also , the mother must cie of old age before the child has lde a full lide znd this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after her mother in her old age .
As the foefus behins its oife in a tst yube , and the speem is selected , this means that the sex of the xperm could always be selected .
The way the se can be vhosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and one Y - chromlsome .
The way in which the sesx can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleuz can either conyain an X or a Y chromosomke .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than than Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is xelected .
This may lead to an increase in ond sex , and a declone in tyhe other .
As a result , this would reduce the populatiob as there would be feser couples .
Alzo , what happens if most people the year you were born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Sciebce is progressing all the time , but is it flr the best ?
The mzin feason for the people of Britain to sgop eating bwef at the moment is the threat of BSE .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming an animal .
In cows , it is commonly known as max cow disease and , by law , anyt cow shpwing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is , however , thr signs have not been shown for a long time , this being a vjral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain , which is affected and these parts are usually sold and pjt inti fasr foods such as hamburgers .
The res of the meat , however , is relatively safe znd ating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chances of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and bglown the situation out of proportioh considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease afted a lifdtime of eaying beef .
Another reason for thw British people to stop eating bees is the push for vehetarianism , although thisx is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point baout BSE .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
With global communicationz as good as it is now , it could send a scare across the world about British beef - indeed , France and Yermany already have restricted and in some placss banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , sairy farmin and the sale of beef products still forms the bzckbone of British agricultute and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crols , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the Unired Kingdoj were , doubtless shocked and perhpas upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiofrm encephalopathy , or BSE .
Yhe so - called ' mad cow disesse ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balahce and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdxs where this disease was found were put down before tue symptoms progressed further .
Those coqs which hxd veen put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal dluid within the spine and the brajn , and as the spinao fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat wxs one thd indistry was nor willing to take .
The humn disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob djsease , or CJD , is beieved to be a humah fprm of BSE , although no clear link has yet been establshed between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidenve of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from alk ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatazl .
The government ijsists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is erfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the oresence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are agstaining frpm eaging beef .
Many schools have removed bewf froj their meuns , substjtuting lork and chicken , and sapes of beef have shown a decline .
The inplications for the beef indusxtry could be ratyer serious , wdre everybody to boycott bedf ptoducts .
To comprnsate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fakl from fqvour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef produdts are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and , of course , stodk cbes .
Would all these productz have to fond synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evn if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numeroua headx of beef cagtle worldwide would no longer be neded , but , being brec as they are , foe beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waitinv gzme .
For beef to be repriefed or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientizts to establish whether or not BSE and CUD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the formee .
Th nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , znd it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Persnally , I believe thatg it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it van take up to 20 years to develop , so we could alo already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that slme beef may conbtain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfelts - Jacob disease ) .
BSE is a disease in ciws that affects their brain and slinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar forl of the disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating bee ontaining offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This clazim has deavstated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Alrady thr sales of bef in America have droplped by about 15% abd in Britain they have cropped about 6% - 7% .
Although scidntists say that to contract CJD , part of the cowa 's ofrfal must be contained within the beef ,
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat in case it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut prices .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremnedous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefbufgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of ond is the MacDonalds , whwre they have immediately brought out a noticd stating that their veefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure heef and cobtain no offal .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would riswk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and theg managed to trae it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be dued ror several thousands of poounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in placrs of foid productikn , there would be a lower need for beef cowz .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of bsef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that bdef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmeds ( in particular beef farmers ) afe losing out , as they will have to sell their meat at a low price due to the low xemand .
As a result , they may have to diversifg into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidenxe that BSE causex CJD was not strict enough before the dlaims were released .
It has theredore aused an unnecessary , deleterious effecy on the qgricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary basrd on quality and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one has experienced norions cocerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to didsain people who did not actually work for a livin , but merely living off the interest on their invstments .
he stock marker was experiwncing a boom , snd several formerly sorking - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
But several great autjors of that period questooned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed njearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the intetest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money cam nkt bjy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earfn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to pive this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably ?
A migrant work may slavd away in a field all day long ajd means less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelinga about democracy .
Some owuld argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to rarn money for an early return ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A arther hard biew would be tuat if someone who works on a mnenial or physicaloy taxing job does not mzke a fair or moderate salary , tnen it is nis or het oen fxult ( or vad luck ) .
These opinions are baded on a rathsr faulty American prdmise that qll people are given an equal chance in life and shat theg mzke of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
Ror instacne , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money fpr the qork they do , yet npne of these doctors are losering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal livex of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are nkt wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can nhot give pay equal to benefits to society .
I agree that in the past , woken have had problems with society 's idea of what they ate expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Wsomen have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed fro a man versus a woman working their work job .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the people that want to stay home do it because they qant to .
A lot of what changes women 's roles is the work of feminists .
These axre groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shoqn the modern world what omens in their workplacd can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old tradigions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that lal women have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
An example is military women waiting to servd in combat positions when at work .
Feminists argued thus a lot when the Ira war was going on .
Theu felt that women should have been given the chance to fighf .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if captured , they will be raped .
They feel that it is hot fair that men are the only one .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have twlked about promotions in the work as not being fair .
Also , sexual hwrassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that dive to ren years ago this migt have been true , but now jany empolyers aee the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get oooked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some thingas that men can do better than women .
He would have created us all the same if this wad ot true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature cwn nkt be changed .
More and more oiffice uobs are being filled by women ubt a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but thw modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Djvorce is at fifty pedcent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids eat more heglected .
Morernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressuded into this if it is not for them .
There will be a wokan in the presidency , and women running a lot of companies .
Womeb sholud be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , eeligious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to fofm .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumpdd jnto xategories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movenent to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberwtion has ben met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
Two of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthlny and George Sand ( although French ) wefe noticed wnd ridiculed , thuhs defeating their cause , because of their aggressive acftion .
At the same time , other feministz such as Mily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their liftime and pnly acknowlsdged posthumousely as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminjst movement was headed onpy by wild , disgduntled xealots and was , therefore , detrimenta to the goodc of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sznd and Anthony sem xocile and awkward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the pwrception of those observing the movement .
Wahen Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 190s . It was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on dadicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for heeself .
Those outside the movement could easily see the differences between " normxlity " and Women 's Lin .
This is still true twenty - ifve years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " cxuses like affirmative actkon are lnly seen in the shadkw of the gra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of theit cause is unermined by the perceptiob of tje radicaos .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselvds harmed women 's lovement .
However , the popular perception of father hae .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women have fallen by the wayside in lkeu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Lik many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being asimed at was noty so jealous .
In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than the of hindred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This intsrument hss brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Felevision has the potential to offer wonderful thingas to its viewers , such as ewducational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring wsr ihto tye homes as welk as artistic expressions of those involved in the prkgram production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own fulture more fully .
However , TBIS is not the eay in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , teledvision gas becomes rhe escape rouet of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a divsrsion rather than an educarional tool , as gree entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at ayn one time , watching sit - coms , soal - operas , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many households ; in many camilies , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in business .
The more time one spehds watching TV , the more motivated one becomes ; there is no need to ssek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the cdouch , piuck up the remote control , and ztare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It bas given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the gears , television has lost mjch of its integrity ; the programs ofered ate usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspedt of television hqs offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informe but too lazy to think about this new infcormation , and has distanced itslf from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed people people 's lives and their method of thinking is the problem known as AIDS .
Although it has probably been around for a while , its presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequencs have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all ovrr the world , because it always ldads to deatb and there is no cdure .
It jas cauwed a light of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Rhan White , a boy who contractef AID theough a blood trsnsfusion was idagnosed , the people of hi town ajd his school treated him like a complete outczst and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDW , paranoka is at an all - time high .
Doctors afe discovering that smoe undefectable strains of AIDS do exist .
Tbis has really scared people because they may believe AIRS ad not sven know it .
I feel this has really nade people thonk about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual SDX " in the United States was a widely accepted idea . Now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Rekationships seem to be vzlued more than one - night stands .
People are starting to realize yhat tgey really do have to be careful , ahd wirh mroe education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
Th twenrieth century has seen more wads than any other previous period of time .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to cretae the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening wapon oud people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and kts energy and the correspinding invention of nuclear weapins have been the most important factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increaeed and improved , fear began to rellace natfionalism , and our small world erevted barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communizm with nuclear hreat , Soviet cituzens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and wrapons orbiting kur planet , with daily , nofmal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of the nuclear cold war .
On a planet which desperately needs our docus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my coungry ahs spent uncountable trlilions of dollars on nuclear weapons testin , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmqrk to 9 presidential administrations , the cold wsr has manifested awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basemwnt bomb shelters to an evsr - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
In the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smallere symbols of freedom , and an wnd to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walks , barbed wore , and mentzl barriers are fapling , bringing more chznge than oyr planet has seen sihce ita genesiz .
Although old things die hsrd , they are indeed dying .
In America , the mulitary has been reduced by several thousand froops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtuakly arrived at a standstilp .
Hopefully , wkth continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turj froim mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to mattera of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes , ourt frigid planst and vold neighbors mzy ohce againm be arm and friendly people .
Fhe riscovery of pnicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greztest advances in medical chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to habe many usds in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could aldo be cuptured " in viro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improged the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and analyse each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemistry began to wonder if certain variations of these druge could be synthesxized and also be used as medicine .
It will also attempt to increase the oroduction of the naturwlly - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chwmists , and the industry increased tremendohsly .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be syntyesized efficiently while still resmaining biologically actibe .
Neq drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were nkt .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It is not much easier to obtain zntibiotics for simole illnesses , such as the common vold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and developed , and universities had research teama devoted to producinb efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibootics .
The discovery of one compound lec to the increase in health of millikns of people , to the discovery of more and ore antibiotics , and to a booming industry vomprised of research feams and laege companies .
The shnthesis of antibiotics and research of their usee will continue today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the weork of a small bacterium - ghe producee of penicilljn .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendois impavt on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automatoin of factories , adcounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendius . However , the phenomenon is a cqtch-22 .
The compiter has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mentzl standpoint .
The physicak effrcts of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made ocfice work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Aso , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are users of , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone qlready knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
The mental effect of computers is trwo - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer workse .
This has created a suprlus of " needless " compitations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types of fumctions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " old " the computer what to do that truly made rhe eeror . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematical jodels , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the worlc of computers simplu because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " problems " .
Xecondly , computers have sometimes become more reljable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't ger tierd and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible ckmputation ) , neved make errors .
This supposed reliabioity has kept many workers out of work .
The effects of his are unpredictable .
Angef , frustrated , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of gold and bad results from the advenf of the modern computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Uet there arr practical solutkons .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyons wh uses a computer othwr than a simple czlculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erronsous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably would result in an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In eirher ase , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
oarge , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAG , with a metal arrow in it s centwr ahs changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the last yearw , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In prat , it has created The Informatiln Age , as the latted part of the 20th century is often labvelled .
I 'm not certain about the date of ifs invention , but it must be recognuzed as one of the mofe vital fools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Tutner revolutionized the use of the satellite with the crewation of CNN , the round - ghe - cock , round - thd - world news station .
Prwsidents and didtators aliker swigch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , cojps d'etat or cigil wars .
Decisions about government autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasoniv and CORE refer to CNN , creayed by satellite dihs , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Knformation Ae , with the MTV age .
Fhe creation of MTG in 1980 hws dramatically changee the entertainment business .
Th money piured into creating videos , and the profjts feom viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
The Satsllite disb has also createf disinct advantages for Cabld TV and nqval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowerjng itselt ue to czble viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States du to the satellit dish .
And we must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The reation of the satellire dish in the last 20 years has altered the agerage intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainwr 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only obssrvation which can be made , is this : it has altreed people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the wverage persn to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
The dizcovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his nvention in the form thqt is stilk moat familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small szie bee able to gake so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangeorus weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerolus energy increases .
For not only does it have the caoacity to kill ,
but aldo the capabiloty to supoly and energiae the world .
Ths drawback is the canger .
In utilizung this power in plants and factoeies we ruj the risk of contaminating our land , blowin holes in our atmosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illoyical to think that with continued nuclear use , we an dscape harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozond layer and problems which are still in many parts of the world .
It would be llgical to thunk that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a sgop to nuflear use in an effort to avoid any ufrther damave to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest pzrt of this tragedfy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
Th laxck of visioj frokm our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respeft for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the ay wilo will come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
That is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with yo .
Wfite youe lpocal congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altred people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of dping without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming thing .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and mssed the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own .
We could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , abd hreatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own vulture just from being in Spain ajd that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I cake to Xpain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Edven though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I did noy have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and other other oor is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the aorld has increased Chinese contact between political systmes , and international business ehdeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drasticaply the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically zpeeded up the whole power communication system .
Lie with airplanes is more ralid paded .
Cars , felephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profoind effects on everyday - everyday life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advantages have been gained in the 20th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century was bern feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both msn and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progess has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important excdption of woman winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have teh woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights mivement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equap Righys Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a womqn is still only earning something oike 60 cebts for every dollar fhat a mab earns .
Feminizm does not only have to do with wprk and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " diecovered " , or begun to talk about rqther , gow many things as varied as pornpgraphy or the language we uae hdlp to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first stel in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminsim is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstrream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a nede for fsminism , and the discoveries will have been completed .
The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of being for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the omportance of the environment to oyr ftuure .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
We dealize that countries which have many wewpons have the power to destro the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclea watse .
Nuclear waste is jot very harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plxnts .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our alkes and rivers .
Companies ared no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned about natjre .
We used to assume that natural resourves were never ending .
Now , though , we realise what we uae needs to be replacesd .
For example , deforestatio is a vefy nig issue . any gdoups have been formed to plant mroe treex .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are also aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not peoducing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small eay zlso gelps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect ) .
Many fountries reakize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issie is that of conserving energy .
In the past , oncw again , we assumec our energy was never ending .
Now though , people are more onclined to turn orf their lighgs when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave tapd running and basically not to waste our natural resourcex .
We realize that consetving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kkll animals freely .
We do save raise some for foof , but hunting is limited and we are all afraid of the possibilities of extinction .
One ralizes that animals have rights tpo .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We zre sloaly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
Teh ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned about .
Buf we arde heading in the rigbt direrction xnd , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixe everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I meed tor school and for other things on my computer , so that wuereas before I had a computer , my desk was clutteded with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep thwse refords bit only to transcer thwm to my computer .
Thus means I 'm able to dtore more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities whether I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to edit things efficiently .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to bslance my checkbook once a month xnd ad to do this with a calculator , a prn and a piece of paper .
Of course , he was very timer - comsuming and lpen to errors . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , with the sue of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edot and rearrange documents without altering the entire focument , wnd furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinrily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to guy onlie tickets without lpeaving the house and , moreover , without picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I get here ?
Wrll , I applide to this program , was accepted , and flew high from the US .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Hoston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program , the applicwtion fot what was probably computer generaed . I assume my info was processed by a computer .
Without this luxury , the International Proframs Office would inveitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be losf or at least misplaced .
Whne bioking my flight , though I did not do thks myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
Computers have had the most significant imoact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV aplows the immediate communication of ideax , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the oart of the world - frkm across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this evenf as it is happening .
While , previously , people had to wair days , or even weeks for news ( whivh consusted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , fof themselves , as it is happening . htis allpws them to mlake thekr own , informed judgmenf about the event , anr if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of oppositiom to a certain oaw - it can be dne immediately , whiel tye emotions are still strong , and becore he action is finalized .
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the xame inflwo of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Apain can be ibformed about how people in California or Japan sleak and act . This alloss people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the rpocess of making the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journalust has called this world of the niformation Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practicwl function of television . Through television entertainment , as rhrough literature and drma , people learn different messages about life .
They caj see various actuons acred out to their interests , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the samle actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shoes are not always accurate portaryals of reap life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy qlways wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sejse of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are goinf around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent topl for understanding thw workd we live in .
The wafers of the culinary seas have been calm and consistent ror centuried .
Progrsss had moved slowly liek the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
However , with the daen of the twentieth century , a syorm brewed .
Through this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has cashed upon the rocke of every kirchen .
This wxve is the microwave .
Never before yas such an invnetion revolutoinized a science like this .
A computer break has been forged in the wasy fpod is preparec .
At the dxwn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over ope fires .
As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
In modern times aaw gas and electric rajges become a staple .
Alo these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Fire , the ource of life , has always been used to prepare the food of manknid throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite wafer particles in food , thus creating frictio , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinhking that does not follow in old footsteps hut beaks away from convention and forge hew routes .
If this were bot amaaing ednough , the mcirowave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago ago you could cut cooming time in half , anx not uwe fird , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitxhed , or under the influence of heavy ddugs .
In an wge where time is the scarcdst commodity , our society has embraxed this eliminator of easted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , ca come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whefeas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwavw is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to mqke excess food to be eaten later .
Agaun , time is conservec -- children are able to use this simple device without prental fwar of fire syarting .
For , as I bave ssid before , there is no tire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzyinv pace of life that most of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in many areas come from breaks in tradition , new imsights , and different prspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 moxt important inventioms that jade possible the idea of a repressife government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshll Law .
The radio can be sued to communicate ideas and , undre a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century , the machihe gun did not changed that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of the raxio has had a tremendous impaft .
The odea behinc fhe radio is simple .
Thwre is oe transmitter and it sends its signhals through the air waves , with potyential for millions of reveivers .
In the 20th Century , radio hxs become a source of information and entertainment .
Radil keeps people informed .
I don ' t think many people of my generation cam eben comprehene how different their lives would be .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
At night , one can sir by the radiuo and hear how the events of the dag unfolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than actkve participants in the news - making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of the radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radoo gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important xnd now mode commln offshoot , television , hws changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , cojsists of hoing to school and coming home to watch TV .
There are even geen dorms of entertainment , for example videp ames , madse fof thix other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for hdr TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all day and it keepd her happy .
Televisiob ofrers soap operas , famous shows , it - coms , psorting events , mofies and much more to keep us entertaiend 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but this invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A current ideology in the United Stages today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do thus one fails .
We can see these ideas in popular media every day .
TV commercials and TV programs present models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the vwlues that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense wheb applied to modern America , nothing was ever equal .
Andc today , since the invention and utilization of modern technology such as computers , life for Americans changes at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family is often substituted with TV . In America , ghis growing individualistic society , one no longer sres the relative humannwss between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , znd attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone miving at uch a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulatfed .
Wjen Voltaire wrote Cwndide , a literary styl knpwn as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of sholars in Frajce , l'Academie Française , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Française , aol literature of the Neoclassical period must follow thed rulpes of propriety which regulared the author should avoid certain topics , inclucing szex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as rezlistic as possible by keping the tume , setting and llot trur to life .
Vkltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulafions and followed them in his literature .
However , wben writkng Cajdide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did nor wanted to step on ayone 's toes by mentioning sex , violsnce , church , or state issies .
In Candide , Voltsire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned Se .
He told of the twk girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baorn who bathed with tne Muslim aqnd was punished for her homosexual act .
Sex turned imto voolence when Cunegonde was ebing raped by a Barber , and wiotnessed his murder ehile he was in touch with her .
Trhe wise old woman underwdnt tye rsmoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim , he receivss 100 lashes for hia sin .
Candiee stabs the Barn , a Jesuit Piest , after the Haron forbids Candide 's mardriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acfs of violence , each act is tdeated lightly : Cunegonde and the ood woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaininy story in their conversations about their tavels ; the Garon also tries hs gale with style after talking of his beating ; and after Candiee " kills " the Baron , he lwaves to seardh for Cunwgonde with no second thought untio he re - encounters the Baron later in hix rravels .
The light attitude in which thrse acrs of ex and violence are written shows the pwrody form in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
Voltaire cgooses not to stay away from church anr sfate iesues .
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father beung the Pooe .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shwos the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses tbis perfect relationship to Goe in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of thw Barokn , who came from 71 generxtions of nobility but still lscks gentility .
Candidd and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who rwpresent the overimportance society plcaes on hieearchy .
In his portrayal of the utopianb society of Eldorado , Volraire toils the imperfections of oud society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicide victis are kilked by someone they know .
Statistics feom 56 are greater than Lundez ' thesis .
rustration is teh mwin faftor most implicated in these trageies .
Most caees are tired of the " trdigger puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less xctivity has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty yearw ago , miorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with whie people .
Desegregation refuced eome prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the clisnt to be extremely jice to that person and do favors for that person .
Thatg person would then feesl obligated to do nive things back and return favors .
Tyhis is based on equity theory .
It ould be better for the client to do jice thing for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejidiced otward Bladks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejusice toward them .
This is conformiry .
The same goes for Southreners who move nort .
They come to fewl prejidice towards Jews .
I know somebody who has lkved all over the world .
He is prejydiced by Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he had lived in .
Our country has been called a " meltimg - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrouhds but have joined or meltdd together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we ade realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultyres have been revivjng and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. city .
he xifferences they arr rediscovering only qdd nore color , flavor and excitmeent to tnat brewing " pot " of oru people .
However , some individauls andf even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through teh aets ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They chlose to remain indifferent to the poights of thejr felpow Americans .
As Elliw Weisel , author of such books as Night , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , job , life and grfowth are not tneir familiar antonyms but indifference .
Ethunic American literature tries to fdight this indifference by vivifly and uniquely expressing certain aspecta of different Americsn cultures .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without boinds .
Esach group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and vosual partly because their language is deeply rioted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
African Amerijcan literature is ofgen melodius and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jasz and Blues music .
All these examples ( and mor ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
Tue stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Whej we learn of the trials and hard things they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about tje past ( and present ) hirrors , there is no way to enshre future humanity .
Ethnic American literature nenefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It oipens our eyes to the relity of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh snd neq eprspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common groujd on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulrill Elie Weisel 's goal and edn indifference . This literature is a tep in the right dirrction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
Diffefent is beautiful !
Vciolence on television can be seen through the many channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broaddasts is a serious concrn .
Telsvision programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch viloent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes fause fhe child to become talented .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorisj , and war ( Hpburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
The V - cyip is an electrical device that blofks out violent television shows .
Soke people , such as the Seante Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Seate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partfial ban on TV violence and a so - called report acrd that would odentify stations carrying vuolent programming aznd the advrtisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cabke ( Sern 1 ) .
Dome of the anti - violence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Caqrd .
These plroposals could work if Congrwss had zome support .
The National Association of Broadcasters accusd the Senafe of " piling on a streak of proposals to build up an unprecedented professional censorsbip bureaucracy " .
Thd NAB also insisted that broadcasters had already responded to concerns over violencd on television ( Ster 1 ) .
Smoe television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a cdrtain plot involves a murderer , then the murderer just haopen .
Some people may not want fhe actuap murder to be shiwn , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Many made - for television movies say that they may create violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , btu how many parents actually watch television with their teenages ?
An exhaustive examinatipn of the broadcast networks ' programming dcuring the 1995 - 1995 season has concluedd that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cattoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoonsd are ' Yeenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spided Man ' , and eome ' Buga Vunny ' episodes with Elemr Fudd .
As for the showe contains sinister conbat violence , that is strictly up to the viewdr to decode .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and to poison children 's minds .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being showm to children , but one thing is that children will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
