It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only n wo ha to know it is in two min .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salswoman or even a teacher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psyhology because one day I uld open my own psycology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study ar and a lot , t I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe n .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always have to use a bus or ti .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you cary on more things in your own car rather than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who sually ask you something to be friends and change your elephon nmber .
In my experience , when I do n't have a car I ed to use the car to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that means you realized the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like Cycle , Bi , Cr , rai & Flight .
Depending on the distce and duration of the experience plce , the ode of tansport is chosen accordigly .
Bt Generally speaking , travelling by car is much ore when compared with other modes of transpor .
This reminds me of a trip I have recently been to the place Aga .
It takes around 6 hours by Nation highway to go from Del to Agra .
We ae stayed at hotels to have food and ust in case , if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wai anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by tin & ligh ) .
In addition to that , we can take a comfortable short nap on t ak set and wake up fresh .
Due For abe mentioned reasons , I am going to conclud that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sah .
I am 17 years d .
I am looking forward to joining you in this ye summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looig fte hem . alo , I organized mnpots activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooig .
My amiy think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you will get my chance to join you .
Taks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love pays with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played every place . We I travel on the because I like pay with my sier in the sand and after we go to the sea .
It is ery funny .
When I was young I liked play with a ball in the playground . My friend and I played using the soccer gol as a network of volleyball .
Der Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to iform you that some dice on travelling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Arclona , Madrid , Sevilla , Alecia .
There e wonderful citis because there are a lot of things to visit fr example in Mdri ou ca visit " Puerta l ol " , " Las Cibele " .
I vsit Madr twce a ya .
All summer I visited Sevilla because I love this city . I suggest that you visit Sevila .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jb because the economy is very a .
B , if you want I loo r a jo om you .
My bad friend lokin r a person esponsible to look after my sister .
My sister is 6 years old and you should look after very weekend .
Are you interested in TS OB ?
Thank you for your e - mal , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
ak are , Lau .
Today , public transport stl la an important role in the transport system and it will kep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and bette resorce alloation in a tansport system .
Also , people need to ffer high orating ost running their own car .
B it is a cheaper way of going to their desinaton especially it is far far from me .
r ample , I think that it is t affordable for an ordinary erson to o a private airplane traveling to another country .
Intead it will be ommon to bu an r icket an id on public plan .
I think public transport in the future is going to continue to be us because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to py f a c ee if it is sed , so public transport contiue to hv uture ut pople a gong to s oe the cars thn u or underground .
If we think about it t car is better because we do n't need to wit fr the has we are waiting for e bu or underground t in another car cust more oney than public transport .
By car we can ju sty by ourselves , which is od because we ca listen to the music that we like d we do n't want to be around people that are unkwoned b if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family , so bh trasnportations are good and the cars do n't ned necessaraly to end up with the ulic transport .
If I ad it to choose between both transportations I think I probably chose ar case it is better for me to go by than than to go by us .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have soar panels and a lace to make copos at the last garden , ith worms who degrade the rganic waste of the school .
In soe strtegic pins of the buildings we have special trshcans to separate the garbae into oranic , paper a cardboard , cans and et ottles and they also make tas and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The managr of all this roect is Miss June Si , your Chinese teacher .
l this iititives made us all the ears a recognsd ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to talk about my favorite place .
My favourite sport is football . Why did I choose it?Well , football is an inerntional sport . People of the world will ve it so much!Examl like aclay Premier League , Lga Preer , ia World p a so on .
I believe that 's all that will delight us .
By the way , my favite football team is Manchster Unitd . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Mihael was a little d when he had a eam tat ws : Be a supr hero !
After many years , he still dreams of becoming a super heo .
He entered the University of medicine because he thought that his position was more similar to being a uer hro .
After some years of university and he ow a il called Te and he lived on him and he got love in him .
Kate as cursing her uniersity of Ashio .
Then the wo started to dt .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until the next day tht Mchael said to h rem to be a super hero . Kate got so nervous ayin that it a ridiculous and just an id dream and that Michal was only dreaming ut that would evr happen and that super hero do n't exs .
When she said that , Mical started to cry and get mad sayi hat she was lyg and did n't have heart .
He was so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In following day , she said ory n they were happy again .
But when they went to the om of Mchal they found again and changed a knife and killed er .
He was caught with a lt bld around .
Micae got aw fr there .
Michael closed the oor and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
ubic transpotaton is an important invention in huma history . It brings amount of benefits in our ie .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid tocking in traffic .
It is tr ha ovig by c is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause more damage to life and harm our environment .
Therfre , we need to think more about our treasure , our offspring .
Giving them a sae , cean d comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transprtatin , raffic am will be more serious than before .
In my county , Tapi , we always stock in trafic for around o clock in the morning .
I ca t imagine if there is no bs or MRT , how long I will take for school .
r is convenient for hman , because it causes damage to human beings .
For example , carbon diodes which are created by cars .
It causes gloal warming which hreat the environment and harms our daily life .
We can se ta her are lot of serious and freuenty weather diaste hppene in dcades , such as typhoons , hurrian , wild fie ad mud side .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
he NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was siped .
If e film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments he been found re easily when the process will be tartd ight away
The peasue of travelling
People go , people go .
Evr day lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option to ravl is , by r , te plane .
t , ve when it 's true at t faster otion , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for confor n elax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There ae a lack of things to do d njy th trip .
Although , the better option is taking a train .
There is n't comaration on watching the changes in he lanscae through a indo , enjoying the way that you e dong and , e best par , the cheapest way to e awy some days a take the outne off some dys .
Anyway , no ater o y go , no matr here you go .
h pleasure of travelling is travelling at l .
Transpotation is one of the most important things in life , so we he man of kinds of transportation and we travel by ar but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like st travel and pan that c transport yo frm norh to sou in less than hour this will make business mn ppy and comft ecaue of saving a lot of ims ad efforts so we hop tha h government can aceve this ay as so as possible
In modern cities , there are lots of friends around you daiy lis .
Bi prject could t be finished without co - peraions .
Friends could be commicated and exhanged the ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around oselves .
Mo important , paents give our lives and they give us knowledge n skis or abilities to live in thi ord .
In this cas , the amilie lyed imortant oles in daily ive .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we ould lrn lots of sills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could learn how to ak a eal fo parets .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were tol to the families , the ideas would ce up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve the situation .
All in all , in this case , the families have mot important friends in their lives .
Computin technology s been advancing very much their last ears , making the old computers a alot useless , getting better and making the differences between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoveemet .
As we noticed , new computers are astly different , strtig om the size of old computers , old ompuers ee uc bigger than new computers .
Od computers used to occupy one entie room , o , he only have the size of a BX , even the ize of a book .
You can have a portable computer ow , an tae it wit ou to evr plae you visit .
Old computer ony l ou mak mth sks , or een pla simple gam wit 2 colrs ( gen an bla ) , bt nw you can do hatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , onnect to te intert , wth or make videos , invet new tuff to improve te Comuting Technology , and not oy in 2 oors , b thouand of them .
One of the greatest acievement of new computing , is the iternt . Here you can connect to other computers , downlod stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wreles Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rkt m8
I went to the Abdon house and started to tink the est wy to make his life miserable . I spent nxt 2 weeks looking fr dea to make him sfr .
As I d n't find anything , I ent to e pae he lives and started to lo or some information about his life and find out who he is . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , so i decidec to follow m to th huse d i fon out he s dating a girl he iht be hi grlfrin so i inaly gota an idea , i would drive him crazy js as he did with me , that y she will thik he had problems on i mn ad left hi , but sn i hougt but it again and ralied that if i dd that she will y to help i and they wil be more united , so i decided to dive te both cay almst at e borer of death , ju as he i with me !
Bt wai a minute am I really so angry to ak is ?
Y !
I screamed , my age had dominated my mind . I did longer control my actions . I was away from what I had because and what I could do , but I could not control myself a the high i ould tnk of he suffering a slow death and h saisacton i woud fl when i finally had my revane , the bet evnge .
But I was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make him ife imosibl , and on my fer of death and my anger of the suferig I hd been through became stronger and bigger . I had a desition I was going to do it , if he ddicatd 4 years of s lfe touroring me and t aning me to be hppy i would t time is nesesary f him to ha a miserale life and i wo nt stp until i had acomplished my goald
I n disagree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , travelling by a is really much more convenient as it gives e chance to to be independent .
On the other hand , traffic jas is a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I wanted to be a football player .
or me , fooball is eerthing in my fe .
Whenever I see football on the television , I dream of playing in a big tea and in a big hampionship like Barcas Pemir League , Liu 1 or ig BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Ral Madrid , wher Rnaldo plays . f me he is the Bet player in the world , that is why Rnald on the Gold ball of 21 .
I play otball in a Portuguese cl called Valenciano and we won a l of games this season .
I have won a lot of leaes in football and won the best championship , the Uefa Champions Lagu and the best score of all time in the Uea Champios League is Cristiano Rnldo , my favourite player .
I ly feet because I lie , but the only reason that I do it is because of my ad .
His eam is that I become the next catan of a g eam and win a lot of money .
My name is Onny .
I graduated from National Taiwn Uerversty of cince and ecnology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and lying with children .
I ke peronaliy with children , so I like children .
I had experience of holdng basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interestin activities r viws to keep competition alive .
They enjoyed t gm .
I also like to cook .
If my om coos , I always help him .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and harwoking .
I always sime to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their siml all day .
I think that sie is the best gft in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have a passion for tis j .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation has been used by people for h years . It is kind of becomi cheaper and also more af ut so people prefer cas to an extent we disagree with and what is reaon for tht That is what we ong to demonstrate in this essa
bore about 40 ears ter w nothing clle ubli transportation and people rarely ownd cars , so in those years there was n't en od facility to move from plac to othr and that is because there s no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable and ls became ve supported by having her on fans at the beginnig h faced a lo of problems bu they were le to sole it by he n
noadys all the aciliies of travelling or conenient from crs to BSS ven trains d plaes .om peoe pree cars because they do like crodd plcs or because they find it sometimes cheaper than from another point of view , pulc ransprtation is very cheap and even faster , but whe it come to traveling a l of people prefer ridin their o car to ee t rl experience ad to enoy more by chilling ou fo rowde places
To summary , it is different from ome oneis oinin to another . I predct hat public transportation will be improved and people will use it ore and moe that by the end , cars will disappear and will will no longer be sed
The topic itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more promnent if we look into the data of car companies and exponential growth in their sales figures and with o budgt private cars in the picture , the scenario ddrastically changed in 10 years .
development of the biodiesel industry n be a contriution to prductiity growth .
A lage cal of nvestmet was brin for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and and opportunity , ereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bi tw or small it does matter ut ting should be tkig cae by the people and organiser of the two , is envionent .
Globa warming is hue issue in today 's date .
The government should take immse action to stop it or at least ake it low down .
However , we people have a really important part in making it worse .
Active and a god goverent undersnd th alue of taking care of tees and water and air and mc more to pride a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Rcyclin ite can be a gd ep to sar the clean environment which is pefectly and promtly taken care of by my city .
veryone hae to pln a re in front of their hm wh the rule of proince overnmet .
People do n't realize that cutting th re can reuce the pruction of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventally humans will have no more fresh to breathe .
Additionally , ur city overnmnt as prohibite smoking in public areas an under 18 yr old and proides a ree session of talk or presentation to increase awareness of clan , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I wuld suggest to our neighboring cities to taing part of cleanig environment so on dy it n be seen in the whole country .
Everybody likes his favourite srt .
My favourite hobbies are football , guitar .
On school or villiage foobll taium I spend a o of tim eery day .
sully I ly football with my clasmaes .
Before training , I a 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my bod gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach d he gave professional advice to us , how to improve our ootball skills .
His main said must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I c y , at cach is experienced erso .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
he frs lac w gotting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we were rendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football paer in team uh as Skatar or ynamo .
Football is my idea .
I want to give advice to someone who started this sport:"Y must believe in yourself " .
allo my friends ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How s ou d oay ?
It was really nice for yo xpressly e - mi yesterday .
Y regret tha you wre n't hre with me . I 'll ty describe everything precisely , because I know tht you ry
Der Paul ,
I av seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm ute interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a go ida to pnd it .
I was born in the UK , so I n be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain e years ater so I can speak with em in Spanish if it s necessary .
Als , I assised to an alet course for 4 years when I was young .
It is a lot of time g , however , I still have the rhhym in my body !
By th ay , I remember I ad to reate a dnmic training to do with other ballet - ourse embers . I had to be teach f one day d I did n't forget it because I felt weird .
All members cngrtulated me , as ll .
On the other hand , I have taken care of my brothers and cousins for may hous he th wre very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kn d funny person .
That makes me a go canddate to hieve the ob , or the hob r me !
I oe you keep in mind my candidatur because I 'm o going to disappoint you .
Best ihes , Jul .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be sufered by he shortage in demand .
Because n can afford to b their car .
esdes there are lots of low - ncome pope who ca n't buy their own c .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place to have your best friend and help each other and get to know each other .
In h Taan , any people have to teach one of their parents when they get old , but the point is at if you cn n survive , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the top , I do n't know what of ember of in my amily , I do n't trust hem , honesl .
I like Zealand because they are ma islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I rer al of you to go there and fel th pleaur d have their own fo .
ou an lo bught a lot of gft ike k chains , statues , or else memories to be made before rturning to Malaysia .
I di ot have to go to New Zealand bt blive me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenanc , I 'll go there and brig some of you .
I live in Lenti , a small cy in ast Sicy .
The loca Council hasn't a projec fo the environment .
People collct ny kind of rubbish d hrows together in a black sack .
Although the Council begn to do something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Arod h ct , you a find my places where people thw frgo , kitchen , " amianto " , old thigs or furniture .
What a pity !
Te suburbs of Ltini could be wonderful .
Here is an orange tree , a strange lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lo friends who were iprtant f me .
We played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was an eenager I ega to live situtios ta I did not like it . For instance , he grs said to me this or he talked bad about me .
In these years I lived the worst momn in my life .
I remember I celebrated my 15th birthday . Only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think hat this y was one of the worst d of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents tried tt my prty was th bst nd they prepared for me a special birthday . They invited all my cousins and together went to ea piza and gave me a l of presents .
there , I thought that my best friend was my sister .
I knew that they nee talk about me .
ow , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He as vr been with me .
Aso is very fun and I laug a lot about him .
She likes to travel around the orl and to pactise with sports , for example , tennis , uning or treking .
We like watching TV season and ookin sevra desserts o .
To su up , my bt friends are my family , especially , vid , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming bsie nd bier dy by day .
A busy life always compell to using the best and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation system a bhin mto crs .
Hi U SUMER CAPS ,
This advertisement for a job has ben read by sitable erso .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in work because I enjoy traveling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I usually like to speak English pefectly so I thought up an idea about if I OK in summer camps , I will improve my evel English .
On the other hand , I oud teach Spanish to the children in the ummer cps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi a
Hw r you ? are you still livin in Mdid ?
Yes , I started my lsson last month and it 's really interesting .
I 'm learning and the students are very friendly .
u I need to stdy hadr because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like n , I will do it .
The essons e vry funny
Dear Si or mam :
I have se your advertisement in the newspaper and I am terested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking eson besides I have recommended paper from
my company .
I have working as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualfid .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my pplicaton .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra arrients
t technology hae hanchd he eope li very uh.in fct we can hin hw dfferen or lif respect eitr o parents or o grandparents lives exmple my paets i n't watch on TV , because there was n't y TV on the rld when he was young.but it is n't the aone difeence : we can hik at h moblefon , he computr ed at est th intrnet.our gandarents wudn't iagne a strage mahne like ompute in their lfe .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the stnce of public transport is sti vry cucial .
Nowadays , people use fosi fue as th ot imporan source of energy for tavelling , manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always mainain at the onstant level , but someday it will be un ou .
People must find ways to e oer energy sources like nuclear electricity , wi poe , public transportation such as electric metro use is kind of ergy .
As a result , governments will invest more in eserching the use of hes nw pes of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The rang of plic services will be xpanded to rmot areas , it will become much more convenient .
Comutig , travelling usig public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will be overcowded . It will lead to other problems to be solved , for example , raffi jams , pollution .
In me perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vhicle .
People will realise tha USG heir own cr is just to waste their traffic jams or to gdually killing theseves r breating pluted air .
So t es way for them to rave is public transpotations .
Each person must practice saing when using any source of energy to protect their own life .
In conclusion , investments on deloping public transport will increase considerably , public services for travelling have a biht potetil and it snce in the future ca n't be relaceble
Hel lx , hw r yo .
Are you re o weckend , ae o ny plns .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , fid me at 8 o clock near the cinema ntrace .
hank you Helen fr hos wonderful prents .
I always want to read tese type of bo .
I en to tepe in the morning followed by unh at the hel lter in the evening nt to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because veloping countries are fang poitical and economic intbility , migrants travel for better education prospects and a stable environment for younger eneratio to grow up .
The effects of brin drain is that it causes a shotage of people uaified fo professional jobs , conomic stabity is ffcted as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader imensios and rational basis , for it is a glbal issue .
In this situation , developing natin should take control of iflation ; focusing on oosting up the infrastrucur d la enforcement to suppor public in a positive aner .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Rome was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 00 .
Mnt Everst is so ig that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climers in 19 .
My friends and I , we like pogrms of TV , elcronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
These we are going to the pay 's in the city , I am dning in the aty with my friends .
They listen to he must and can we ar inging .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
oe is his best son . He sings and talks in the party .
Ohr peson is Anel , he does n't dance in all places .
He prfer stayed in my home .
Hello Sometng .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
In h mmnt I sit h Secondary modr school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to ealze everything .
For example , the girl e is in my class . He is beautiful .
I love r OK .
He looks like the sun .
But she ignored me .
I op I can forget hr .
Run for yo lie
My favourite sport is r .
I like to run fast so fas in fact that it el me as if I n on a an he eet do not hardly touch the ground etwen the srides .
My favorite place to un is in the forest b I like to rn sportive too .
I love to feel the ground under my feet soft , so sot n e rd cocrete of the footahs in the city of the streets .
The bestest avice I can give to someone who is statig running is to start sowy and not to tr run too fast u then to eentually bld up e running ek by week , so ta vry week you can run a little more frthe and a little more fast and the after 20 ears you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the ws or ow about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose h igt tlevisin ows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jry , it hardly ave any ecational alue .
Although ne cod arue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine once explained that if a zombie apokayse should happen he would be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dead for a time now - so in his eyes , he lerned ho ( not ) to ac in ha ce .
toa I want to write aut my b .
I 'm a forensic biolost and I deepy love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting spets ,
It is dnamic , stimulating ad , and if it is not well remuerate , I fee myself satisfied .
In the as few years , French biology has developed many aspects ke bette sensibility , robutnes of reults d less than required for nalye a saml , b what truck me mst is how ft ths cane happens .
Televisio sems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highly ikely opportunities for e adienc in an eduaional way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television is both entertaining and educational fuctins .
It nte how many educational prorames broadened young children 's hoions in the past few years , ow quickly adu lan dance basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as ooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programs make a decision on wat citizens should kn in h uture and hat knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from euational conent , there are so many foul content , business advertisements and ake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV play a vital role in educating adults and oun children .
I think who h bs restaurant we cn go to is " he Ailor 's restaurant "
Hee we can ea typical Italian foo .
Th las tme o I as here I have the best thing I have ever e in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea in fat he walls re decoratin wit of shl a aitrs e drssd lke aiors : I thin ha it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can si all together at the sa ble .
His owne is a vry ind perso and I 'm sure wh he mkes us a convenience price .
No future for public tanspor ?
Public transport is the chaper of travel , so it has treasure .
Currently , most people are sed to use their own car to get to work or to go hopping , to , it is me comfortable .
But ars pollute the air with CO2 emssons eve and contrary to the clite change .
So , if people re awae of this subject , they would n't use it so much on their own ar .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need money to buy it . After that , you have to pay or te asurane , council t , echanic bills , and so on .
On public transport , you only have to y a ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks dow it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport ollut ess than cars .
In conclusion , I think pbic tanspor has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm your employee , to seve on your company .
Very pleased to be ble to receive your salary payment .
It pays a little low .
I completed many tasks , including ttorng the students complete summer homework , crrectin homework diligently assisting the instructor . e instructor helped organize handouts , instead of he insrutor to answer questions aisd by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene . very ard , but I hv nthing to complain bou .
I ok ha fo w months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , pamet of 300 ua mre hn e existing bis .
I suggest you to consider the propoal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example , buses , trains , eto d moe , for one reason : the quality of lif against pollution .
Travellig by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search pakin an r cs of fue , and so maintenance costs .
In b cities , public transport works well because there 's feedback by people .
Instea in te smal cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because the transport companies are not onvenient invest money , because fewer people will use it .
T Sawyer s a o lived with his aunt Polly and she had to unih Tom because someies Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to choo and he saw Frie Huck who he was talking to and Tom exchanged a tck for his ooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went to a secret garde and Tom kssed Becky .
Tom said to her about another girl , so e got MD and she ignored him .
Tom a so d because Becky i n't to talk with him , so Tom went on a trial with Huk and disappeared or ees .
When Tm aw his house he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polly ryin r m .
So te et ay e people of the town went to churh to hear the funel of Tom ecause man people thought that Tom was his dad , but sddeny Tom oe the do nd got in , so everybody was so surprsed to meet Tom .
The next day , Huck went to om 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the ll so the two boys considered like adventurs .
So they went to the mysterious house and hen they wre iside they heard voices , so Tom d uk hide d they heard that Injuin o was the one that was talking .
The two bs heard he was planning to steal sm one and kil people , so they started their adenure on sping Injin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your uestions , I think you should work in Japaee restaurant , uh as Japanese " ryotei " an " izaay " .
That is because you will impoe your Japanese kil in them .
Recently , may South East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in te .
By improving their Japanese kills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house whe suddenly he eft all his bahroom dirty and en to his house .
so he went back to Sah 's house and looked al the bathroom , but Sah already knew that he let the bathrom lke this , so before Michael went to the bathron she said : " I nw what you lev there " and ichae went nning to the batroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unque reputation for their frindlness a the quait of education .
I like my teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is say about my favourite spot . I have been swimming since I was a child because I enjoy it a lot and wht is mre I cn do it alone , I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and les in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends w lk wmming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and I always go alone . It is n't bring me further . I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven't wait anybody .
I id n't because when I was eleven my bs iend been operated on er back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to do it for him because he spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning r long is , I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fne and she eft to come with me , and from that day I went to work .
Swi is a rlaxng exercise for me and normally there re n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children d I do n't like so much because they like drinking me but sometimes it is amazing o .
I would recommend to people h not know how to swim to learn , because I am pretty se that it lie it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a way of self - expression .
It 's not ju a hobb , it 's more tha his .
ance is a psion , a part of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget my problems , xcep my tupid comanios that hey do n't understand anything .
But there is another theme for speaking .
hen y dance , sing , or act you a sowing something to the public , something that 's important por yu .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all the ds until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to goig dance , or do dance classes .
It does n't matter if you go to bed late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jke , y must sep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my amily secia my little ster . She is sixten years old . I consider her my est friend because I used to el her everything in my life .
I have a dog named Cene . It is an older retriver .
It 's a lover d , he knows o i fel .
My olest sister is name is Cithya . She is really weird to me .
Our relationship is not god because she is so different to me .
Alo I have a brother whose name is Jose Lui . He is twenty years old . His personality is dinamic and fun .
My m a my a , hey are a go guys .
Actually , I prefer pass my time alone . I work in another town , so I stay far from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate shby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
o wor in our cafe u he to speak English of course , ybe know to sm types of sweet foods like cupakes , cake , cokes or brownies , the most popular foods of the year .
Anohr thg that you must know how to deal with people . We ae erching or someone h can impress everyone , also someone ca bring e cstomer od atncion nd service .
We need someone reay for working long hours , because your cafe is going to open evy .
That 's l , see o soon
ises ,
Fer
We think that in the future the plant will be in bad conditions and the trs will be dissapearing , because that we will be hvig wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , lso we will be eating fast food , on te ote ad , the noh poe will have elte totaly .
The temperature will become cray by global warming , so some people will die because the nuclear isasters will be mor aggressive .
Technology will advance and maybe te cars will be flying by streets and computers will totally change .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we elp the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't magin my lifetime without friend .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is asier tan yu thnk .
Just ... trt talking !
Cmmnication is the important point when we 're going to make friends .
Yu hae to rmember , that friends are supposed to agree on ery single thing .
They just have to cal lk about it .
If your friendship is eal , you will always find int between your opinion and your friend 's o .
Just try , it wo n't os yu uc !
Good bye ,
My name is Fouad and I 'd like to talk about my aorite port , Volleyball o of the most beautiful ports ever and I have used to play this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . th reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me I and Helty .
2- classy game no friction between players
3- it exercises usles of your body
egarding the aboe I advise all ookies to start prctis this por ad they will g many benefits .
However , h auts te can practise it as the il g te sam .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our villge .
Ever nday , we do a muta cooporation where anyone can tat rubbsh as go as ey tea themselves .
We clean h diry ditc , seep rubbh hn we bury rubbish .
Whst , we recyling inorganic rbish too .
Fm inrganic , we can make ba , hats and other stuff .
Then they cn sell them and get ncome of it .
Th eator of the haven a te ert , the creator of soles , the o ho makes the ear rotate around it el and around the n .
Wat we believe , as Muslims tt , we have created by ne w do n't have other wi him h one who cete or father ( dam ) ad creaed from m ( Eve ) and they wre in Paradise and intrcted to t a from the tree u e Sata decive te so they broght to ti le and geerations came fro them and ad sent the propht a messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohad , others .. o ey woship the ame one ) wth Miracles and evidence of the truth , to uid the eple to know wo who il follow the tuh which wi guide to the Paradise n who folow otr path wich it will guide to te hell . so becue of at we are here to do t est in his short life .
Trasprtation is the heart of a city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own vehicles rather th
public transport . dy by ay fol ar more raz about our own vehicles , which leads to a dark future of public transport
irstly . I aree wih ivn statemn tat there will be a tough time fr public transport in the near future.because people want pivacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible in public transportation .
second tse mo of transportation overs
as much as psible of city or two which misanaged outine who travelled by public transportation a consquence gerally people vod travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can see that there e vaous oe of transportation available .
to cpetition wih public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numrous option of travelling , like in many countries .
He plays an important role in giving toh compettion to the government . As a result of this , customers get more benefits like lower faire , piacy , freedom and af travelling.in addition , any autombil company launcing a car with an affordable price which insists people to use ore and more private echile .
I go for a walk in a park with my two Corgi gs .
I met many people in the ar .
I nvr toght about , people got so many t .
In the peak ime in the pak is very busy even though the park is huge !
ome eope are ey friendly to me as their d .
Bu so people are vr rud a their dogs are aggressive to others .
Famiy is the most important institution of social life .
Every member ve his roe and t ss , t father or mother , has to uid his ea to understand the right bhavour or attitude to have wih lie .
Uully there are generation problems , Sos do n't understand parents and viecersa , b ialging and listening to emotions and actions , everyone cn have another point of view .
Do us gie rules to sons to ndeline limts in social bhaviour u also ust istn other point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father a be a rend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives his contribute to family duties .
Recently I saw the triller of Mokingjay prt 2 .
If you want to watch that movie , you eed to watch the first 3 episodes before to understand it .
The irst moes , ee amazing ! !
A lot of action , drm and omace .
The fans of this series had been wanting to move since the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think it is more a tea movie .
I think people will like the movie because it is very similar to the story of the book ; ti on of the first movie that is rally bad in the book , the theme is ey nose and origin , also the actors in the first movie wre perfect , and I think ht in the last mvi , they wl u double effort .
Hope you guys oose his money ! !
It will be vy oo to th l part mokingjay !
My favourite sport is arte .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I fl I c hold on r house .
hn I 've had a ery bad d stressful day . I can rlax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sort thing that is n't very hard .
Taining arat is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's ery difficult to take advantage of other ports .
art fr that , Karate it 's not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respct , balac even culture .
My teacher showed us how we have to behave with others and he showed us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
for someone who strs Karate is ey to following the class , so my advice is ust not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we an t ve .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thg , from education to mang clothes , we use technology everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but todays geeratin is influencd by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
st year , my friend Ichael was at school when he heard about a hot story competition . He lied the id so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately he had a lot of rinds he lent him .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him money to register for the competition .
He got the money on the second day , he finished the registration and started to ritig the story about the spending in wriin and did good job he wanted to ie his salary to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on h dr a th t competition as anceled , he ame bak vey sad and told me wh happened .Michael closed the oo and kne at that moment he d a itake .
Driving by car is n't so convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't thin bout the pollution on the planet .
ravlling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't n any chairs for me .
On t ohe an , in the ftur aye old have a bus which hvin chir for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Ohr tanspot pubic is a taxi like a car . It is so comfortable , but it is expsive han bus or train .
he AVE or aeroplan are a good option r on rp .
In conclusion , in the future there will be a bus , so it more comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
ar ir Dimar .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I lv at Patr a big it in Greece .
In my city , all the shools on some walls of buildings are made of draw ad writing .
h vandalism in patrs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , we say to somebody to do not draw walls bt they do not hear us .
For u city it is very ba ecaue when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Atas is a very beautiful city and for the ulture , and for the monuments .
Why to see ha aaer thing ?
Aftr we have this beautiful city , we have to mainain her .
In my opinion , the police should stop Vanalism .
If it have place around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesyka Stavros .
Around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
Tey a eage to begi a ne life as adults .
But hen hy reach in - between riod , confused feelings cro tei minds .
As a rle after last exams , I do n't know which university to choose .
Wht te will do in the future , like in a gg .
In ts way , the idea of a yr off between leaving school and starting education is very resonable .
First , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after being fit hard - wrk sudyig people .
Tn or eleven ars at school make tem ire , in pit of pupils do n't noic it .
But choosing the second education is very important sep , which ne serious titude .
Secondly , uh year ff would give future students a chance to r themselves in professional sports .
Alo there would ve an opportunity to involed in volunteer activities .
And thirdly , they must try to earn their own one or travel .
hs year holda will be really helfu for relaation and gettin power for future education .
One year is not long enough .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in Sa Migu Amoloan . thi is a villge in the unicipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the Stat of Mexico . The importance of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the face of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the train truck that carries the trsh to a landfill located outside the village .
lo , people go out to colec the trash that there is on e osk , t chuch or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am iteresed to improve my English , so I am riing to reqes further information about the English cose .
First , I would want to know how long the ourse lasts , and if it is possible h dae exacy , because I need to board my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could en me detis of accommoatin tt you ofer in this urse .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it old be ot every different otions ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
asty , let me know if I need to pss ny leel test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
He looked at my watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , atr listening to convrsatins of his new neighbors .
They are paning to rob a very precious thing rom Museum onight .
He does n't have much time to provide their care and he coul n't wait to see it happen .
It is hi to ad it is his dt too to sav town 's history .
He alld the police and infomd about his neighbors robbe plan .
oice eaced Museum and Cauh Robbe red hand .
I believe hat there is no future for the public train . Using trains is mor convenient and o exenses also to deceas the caron ses wch afraid he ozne . People must be aware of the efect of using public transportation on the economics an environment , governments shall encarge the people to se h other ways for trnspor , his suject shall be suesd in all media to learn a encae the peopl to use he wrigth way f transpot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are .
I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summr holday .
I went to s rdes .
I stayed about e wee in the ome my boyfriend .
I had a weding .
While I was there , I did a lot of hins .
One day , I visited eadro del Melero .
It a beautiful .
And there s a wonderful view .
Th other a , I walked o and te d the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall is Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
e wedding day , I had a great time and I ept very late .
The wedding was in Monin , and in the afternoon we te in he restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we a dinner in a garaje and there a a ary , all night .
You should visit Hrdes . It is a beautiful site .
nd thr ot of things .
And the people are ey nice .
English is an international language which becomes important or h mder wrld .
In China , English is ook to be a foreign language which ny students hose to learn .
ey gin to study English at an aly ae .
Tey use at least one hour to learn English a a .
Evn kids in kindergarten ave begu earnin simple words .
It 's an old phenomenon , o Eglis is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superio than Chinese .
In my opinion , tugh English is of great significance , t English is ter a forig language .
It is hard for people to e e to e .
English helps us read English original orks , but Chinese helps us learn true Chinese .
Only by characters Chinese itrature and and f its brilliance .
eaning a country 's culture , special is classic culture . The first thing is ear its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn one culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in an antastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for having big rguers .
Woolypools is a speciallist of all . It 's a mal resauant .
In my opinion , he restaurant can be better , respect to meat , it is perfect to av innr with your friends .
I have a desire to be more famous , better and greatest .
The problem of the restaurant is h pce . it is r fm he ople and cities , the space is very small and there lots of people .
In life we have ny things that make us happy and mak u ives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It is my favorite flowr I av it vr .
In my town we created a sma organization to a healthy environment , beauty and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean and pt rubbish into correct plc and clean tr and plant mr of it .
I 'm of the opinion that te famous people , such as politicians and fil tars deserve to have a private life without journalit following them l time .
It is horrible ae a person behind you all the time , you do not have a fe , or peace , not a happy .
In ation all pearsons have he igh to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all im having a photo , all the time , when they eae , rnking , happ , s , o is your love li and with whoever sa , if sta with something important our ha by .
This is terrible , you do n av prvcy authought the soiet av a bae , because if they do no ak a phto our follow the lfe of famous people bored .
So that , poiticians and film stars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , ecause they then ave te rward wt what they earn .
This is all .
go morning .
H are you .
come he came .
Get don .
Ge in to he roo .
Get in to h bs .
Let us alk .
t us lay cards .
t us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your poos .
T me watc your husband .
e me allow to enter in to your cbi .
Frgive me . :
Bring hat o .
brn lass of WTE .
Dnk atr .
Eat foo .
Run fst .
stop shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us bth .
Oe upon a time there was a little ant called Penn . He was really small compared to the others .
He hed to be ke tat ecaus most of the nts made fun of him ntil one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a dark night it was aiing until a big active volco explosion burid them into the underground .
ll of hm tried to find a way ut ! , but no oe ca n't ind oe ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Penny as too sa , the ol thing that he an do is to wit and keep calm .
ntil the da ll of them go ut , so they sacred utl hey fnd a rfuge .
Eveyoe nted to wtness e quen , but no one found anything .
ike they were eligios ats tey pry or he cred ancestors so they could help the in the big del .
Somting thing they do know was ha th who thing was a movie !
So everything was planned ...
e actors had moitors that watched the NTS all the me .
One day Pnny dscovered it and he went to tel it to his cousin . He quen at kowng that he got confused at the am tie . She was mad and he wanted reenge .
So I make a plan to dipla al ...
The next a when they wr about to start filming they ee nn ants tee so they serc for them , t they ca n't find them ...
at moment , the ad Penny attak the in their backs , making them to leave their plac .
The ant w h wa an thy exand their habtt to te tuio .
No one attk them again and they lie happily ev fte !
I have man favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend a tim on playing it .
I usually play basketball around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hr da at Uniersty I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing mes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I lay my fvorie sport .
Basketall has my benefit not to me t also everyone .
It makes me fe exhausted and unnd .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good job .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
Whe I ve spare tie , I often gather my riends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I pay it ner sports entre .
I go ack home and ha a sleep depy when I finished it .
Baskeball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping proess of development and the booming of poplaion , maybe agricultueal land , forest and ocesn will be destroyed to build and constructure and transport waste .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will have many drawbacks to the environment or even hum and goals .
To start ith , there are a ide range of troublsome that may lead to this phenomenon .
Convincing argumen c support the roo cause is that all the pernt day cities are already packed with places of residence , cmmerce and recreation and the lad available for new housing developments is increasing scarce .
Additionally , people continue to estroyed more agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will distory ecosystem diversity and biodiversty espeialy endanered species .
According to the example above , various appaches ha governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem , reducing building construction from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainade development should be awess to all humans and tart to porteat the environment and preserve animals .
To sum up , hs unpleasant phenenon and problems should be worn to resole before things get worse and the government has to take the responsibility for th .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and more English .
Tis is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I have never spoken and lar so wll since I decided to go to London to learn this language .
I had to make decision because I was tied to tr to learn English and I d t have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I said y .
The car is n't the best way for transportation , because it causes pollution , owver public transport is used to do ourny .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities have developed many possibilities for public transport , like U , TAIN , ubwy , tra tc.thee opions it 's more economical than the a . The problem of the a is that nmally the car is occupied or a person , when the car is prepared fr to carry four or five people .
is a situation that causes mn pollution the environment , so we should have more conscience for the planet .
I want to y something about learning the Enlih Languaje , is hd to get to me for the next reasos :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or intitues teach , is like te Spnih Languae , my native Languaj .
That I to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntin of e ver 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging your sam but o in your native English .
eond reason . in English syntaxis , the structure fo constructin paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , t not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyne ?
h third reason :
I love to play ricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourte ea is India because I beons to this country .
In Ina , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indin crickt team won hi first world cu and tt 's cane e direction of ar in favour of crcet and everyone started to follow tis game .
I love this game because my favourite sport ma belong to this ame .
is ame is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar kw as little maste .
Whever I la this game , I always olow this person .
His stance , style , hos , rning betwen the wicet , everything which is ost required in the game is up to the rk .
Not only me but also everyone Indin always ollow Sachin o crice .
When he was 18 , he made his first ame for India .
He is the first player who played 20 tests in a criket .
He many ahievemnt lie first 20 in one y etc .
I love the way he plays .
For a ance first they have to dece wh they co do bttr , attng or bowling .
If e person wants to come bowlr then conentrte on runig , actio , stance d for basme need concentration on ag and bat coordination . Ye an b coordinati , discover oe shots hic become facr in batting .
Also wac videos of some bst players like Sachin , Hul , Sir n Breadman , Hayn , Wasim Kram , Brett Lee etc .
As healing is an important field in many sports , so also necessary to improve health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to have the opportunity to visit my country .
I am looking forward to it .
I a give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impresed time .
The weather is neither hot nor ld al yea , you ne n't wear too man clothes bause you can buy them in ee .
If y at to travel this site , I can be your gie as I have a year free beoe university too .
This is a odern cty .
People sualy come here for hopping or eat .
There are any loca fods very poular .
You ma like this .
I would also like to introduce my friends to you . We have n together .
When you have pyed enug in ti cty , you want to ind a ob hee .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you e orein and have finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have ot much im hre .
You may onsier my avice .
My favorite port is swims .
It 's because swimming is very fun .
Also , I thin swm can kep ou body and it makes the people who swim feel cold when it is on a hot day .
The advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of atr , otherwise they may not lean swm and also when the g becomes lde it will be mo difficult to earn a little .
So ths e the advice hat I ve to them .
Dear Camp dirctor ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had ead yr advertisement in e newspaper !
Ad I am really sur hat . I am the person hat you are ining .
I am monitor in the free ime , and I am looking for a temporary b to improve my English .
Either I have problems or working in a kithen . will be cer if I od you that my prets he a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are n a problem for me , and I played mn sports urig my lf , such as soccer , bolleyall , ...
Waitg for yr awer , Eider
Te ty wee I live is a small village .
A residents ak gret care of the environment .
Organizd shares , where everyone cleans up their viage .
ll residents segregate arbage thrown to suitable ontainers .
Thus , helping to protect the environment to make it safe , in order to jeopardize our various disadvantages .
In my villag there are trash cans , so that no one trew debris on the ground .
Thre r spcejalne pae where y c organize boires , u everyone has to clean up after thmselves and follow all garbe .
We have the ability to use rnewable energy sorces , because it is cle to a wind power lat .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school , we s the batterie and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
Hy organize monthly meeings on the environment , rsidens participate in em .
Wszysycy residents of my vllage , ey ry to , so at our village wa cear that ollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in a car is more comfortable than king a than on public transportation are several reasons to consider .
First , the bus is always op to get a passenger ha tae me me tha exectd to time of travel .
Secondly , te pbli ehicl roue are re a tan usa route .
Tirly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , she is a chance to experience the victm of theft and pocet picker .
However , public transportation is much chper than buying a n r a for the avenurer who wants to have an exciting trip fo then to se more action .
Le wtching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to hi I also dream e bullet train in Japan wch you consider ast a safe pbli vehicle Ive'd nown .
To sum it up , I will consider haing her car is safer and more convenient .
public fture unless they ave pojec to the east , lessen the tie of ravel and prioritize the sety of their passnger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to supprt my opinion .
To begn th , extracting t mieral will be harmful to our environment .
here are breattakig sights on the ouskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to see my smmr every yea .
However , it will probably disappear if he developing equipment were being e .
Not to go ill , the extration of valuable minea will definitely lead to pollution .
There is an example that the other ton is polluted by the process of developing mineal .
No ne n deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things that should be pevened .
ast but not the est , te mieal extracion will tr out to be a profound influence , especially on others .
To ak my friend , Taylo , as an example , e homeland we oe - developed beome an arid place when she was a chd .
Aer he grows up , she deides to level and never goes back to er ometwn .
In addition , she has no blite memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider e job opportunities that it might bring to us .
u to e mineral development , man peoe in our own probably ear much ore more than before .
It sees like a sogt - after cance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacacy .
In addition , money is no more cruial when it comes to health or environmental coservation .
In a ntshel , Basd on the reasons and instace above , the disadvantages of extrct valuable minerals re outweg the advantages .
Therefore , I do no subscbe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . High temperatures make the c caps melt .
The onger we burry our heads in sadness , e waer the Erth wl be .
I larn English to improve the geral quality of my sentences !
I do n't blive in it , especially when cars are not ying .
Even if it hve happened , there are many people who ca n't et a r , because it is expensive , not only for buying but fr ful , service and so on .
Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
nd what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Apan - that is the ftue of public transport .
I nt to see blue ky n no steam of cars like it wa in the film " T Fft Elment "
randn Mackie
Parliament House
Cambea AT 259
T 26th of March 2015
Cie xecutive Offier
Carlo Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dr Carlos
Your order 6 ai conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscien of this mistake . We had a confusion about the uber of air conditioning before he telephone conversatin with your secretary to confirm yor purhase .
Because your ordr was confirmed too late and I heard the rder was n't in advance , we could only sed 5 piees .
Sinc h units wee old in inventory u your purchase idicaes tat 6 pieces wre comfortable . do n't worry about it , we will sn h rmaining unit as so as possibe .
We hope you prefer us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon acke
My name is Ew .
I'm 25 ars ld n I 'm co rom Malayi . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hrdworking and a considerable peson .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are tkig ae by me with all the ties their parents are by with their work .
During my school , I like to play volleball and I 'm an excellent plyr .
We used to organise comettions and tournaments with other schools .
It is my favourite sport .
During my leisure break , I like to help my parents in the ichen .
We co varties of food and diss .
I enjoy the dirty and oily and in the kitchen .
With reference to t abve , I would like to apply te Summer am job wit my full ommitment .
Contemporary Ar is a very controversial issue today .
These are my sources and creators , as el as themes .
It is well known that ay rt curators and artists believe hat Contmporary Art is not a god sour of at , snc there are many rists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic message or a philsophical ea , but mos of the times this is ninteligible .
Even the most expensive art is still the o , lie Picaso or red .
Nowadays , a lot of emty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimenl hs taken the orld of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences it would be impossible to to .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists creae .
e ports days were held on Ka Chung Spots Grund on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports round at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've joined the 100-etre race .
On the irst da before the sors day bein , we have the opening ceremony .
h atletic representative pasted the torc and we ag e anhem .
After that , he pots day bga formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , t girl 's grade C 0-etre ra started .
They were very thin we went to the marsh .
The teacher called my name r twce and he ld me to stnd different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name pronounc same as mine .
Near t rce , I ery ervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemat heering and the wind passing my face .
Tht flight was very comfortable and allowed me to relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is ot a great sult , I 've already tried my best .
At at of te a , o schoo announced the ma the our huses ave got .
My house wch got number two temporarily .
I felt grateful and wanted my house to see the championship .
On the second ay , my classmates cald me to take ar the Inter - clas relay rae .
I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , o cas got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 sonds is the irst of e rce .
I implicated my class from winin the championship .
At st , my house o h second runnr up .
I hope my ouse will e e chamin in the next year .
" There is no fuue for public transport , because travelling by a is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We hold use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of as in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment wrld .
It is t best that all people go to the pla wlkin o running . On the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to te place in a ar . Obviously , it is fatr than a bus and cheae but not always .
I think it is rue that travelling by car is so much more convenient . I believe that there is no future for public transport .
Is is comonly - debte that tourists have greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the world alone .
Whether tourism had a positive or a negative impact oe o lies , it remas quite a dilemma or t ignorants .
First of all , ouism is a ool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside with its development , the ability of ravalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tightl connected to the ea of tourism , as well as with the idea of glbalisaton , since a travellr is ot oly a citin of his own country b a global tizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , played an iportan part in their going for the economy oin of VW .
Tre ar countries , such as Greee or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy rels mrely on tourism .
If tourism influenes the economy , it will iflunce the environment , and if it influences the environment , it nflunces transport . People become more careful at their historical sites . This wy preservg em;Trasort is devloped both at a mal and a large scae :
At a small scal , in itis , in a w which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large cale , people can now travel in almost any ossile ay : on land , on s or ai .
Through the development of ouism ee born cises and rai vcation .
ne pon a ie her was a tiger w lis in a beautiful ladscape with her bofrind and her 3 daughters .
e tiger was t mom nams manda of 25 ear l , the erdrs ll r parents , because the herders wer or and do n't have enough fo to survive , so they kil them .
The tigr boyfriend s a io ames Jh 27 years old . He d i because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
She o die ecase some things or someone dra her and dropped it in a cave with other animals at r .
They died when John was too little to remember and he eer ow hat hapend so he went to all the parts for sw he even he woke and walked en at evese t he found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
His first name is Amnda junior like her m b h is a heetah . He has 9 ears and she loves to run and se is the fastest of the family and has a lot of sts .
She is of the ones ha tend to make soething enforcing .
The second daughter is Elizabeth , is a leopard who is the intellgent of the oldest of the daughters .
I am 12 years old .
Other animals give her rears or bou because she iscoer tht water a quid .
The last daughter was A ho s the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
h sa sleeng in e be an oin nothig all y .
The parents wee angry because she was the only on that ver work .
ne hy animals went ih Ana to give her an incentie to beg an athlete or make something lse than stay sleeping .
e end .
Hlo fried ,
I know you are searcig for a fat to li f the whol nt yr .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a jurna with some advertisement .
There is a ce fl ea my hm : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there with only an ear .
There is a ltte kitchen , a rea bedroom , a bathroom ith show but wthot bah a a cool living rom .
I think that you have to bring with you weird clothes because here hee is really weird !
Write me son
Alessia
Hlo Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it as been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you ove bh .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that I should give up from my music clsses .
o have clase sine you are in yars and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sort because it is important for your health and in your time you could still play pin without going to th classes .
Thi is my opiio but the decision is your , so if you decide it please send me a letter eling me about it .
Le , Ines .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old n i'l think i'l would compliment the ummer cm vr good , because of my good name and vr oen f the kid so they c open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at te loal hospital a i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then i'l can ix them up instead of taking them to the hospia for smile things like ruiss and smale injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
I am an exm .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Thn I reve MTS as at work , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
hn I started to read the tracks I ell agitae and I thought that I would n't ble to fish and pass that test .
But I finished before the ie I w hppy d relaxed .
I always said that I psed that test and I as ur of that .
nd this is tue .
I passed that TS !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited hearing from you .
Congratulations our sister or yu prize .
I would like to go to an ew artist roll comptition , although in my ty there ae n't a l of compettions of this kind . If I 'd had a posblity of gin , I 'd already spent the title .
My favourite spor
When I was three years old , my parents wet kiin with me .
At t eginn I went to the childgarden and they took me skiing .
It w a t of f , because I could n't it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime , my rents took me there and we drove together .
My father ok me between is knies , because I could drive without falling and it ws u .
When I w odr , I could et beer my drm ws:"SNWBOARDING " , but I should earn kiing perfectly like my arens .
Lter when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I have my first snowboarding and I loved it .
I took every fee nute to drive snowboarding .
Tha w e stry hy I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoaring , ecause y el fre en you are driving ow h piste .
You are ie a bird .
It is the best eeling in the rld .
ou e ey happy and sometimes I sing a song and the word is peret .
Tat is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter tan the summer .
Snowboardin or skng is the bet sport for everyone wh wt to come to thoughts .
lthoug you are all the time in the natural and when you have luck with animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but to fl he had achieved something really great .
Yesterday , he was on his way to om and it was gettin dar .
is paren we woied n called him a couple of times .
He started walkin very quickly .
Eerythig was da .
She opened her eyes and he irst thing ht e aw was the blk sy .
A dark sky without stars .
e got up and looked around .
e a in a part of the wos where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take cnciousness although she could n't remember her place there .
Se ha to al at least 15 minte to go from her home to this place .
e roblem is h lat thing she rmember is that she had been sleeping and he suddenly woke up whe the window opened with h wd .
She fl lep again , didn't she ?
If she does , will she manage to walk until tea in her sleep ?
If he wa n't awake , why could n't he remember anything after that ?
Ti situation it a really frustrating thing to mentn that she had to wal r lmos 20 mines to e me and bk to slep .
S sarted to wa to cler her mid .
She kows hr way even in the dark ; she had been to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few wes .
The development of human ind in technology is seen everywhere .
In cs of transportation technology , in the twenty fit century we have various options lk plans that a fly ih coud , train that fast enough that ary hundreds of people and trel undreds of le an hur and oa that mch igger faster than ancient times .
Athouh compard to ancient times . We are lucky now that we have all the opton .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I il sy plane .
There are three reasons to choose him .
The first reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation and travelling faster .
It an ravl thousands of mis in a couple of hors .
As a result , people save time .
Second is safety . Compared to other the chances of accident is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third n is omfort level .
Plan is much ore more uncomfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I wl say that la will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reasons hind my chce are speed , safety and comfort . lve tat ake plan as my fit choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and sartin college or university , to rn ney or travel . It would be bes awd for a student who attends high school .
Young people want to dscover the wrd and travel to other places which would be unreachable otherwise
I had a wonderful dream yesterday because I was in the bech all the afterno .
I went with my parts and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
The at of people in the bech .
The water wa vry ld and I could n't swim , then I played fotball in the sand of the beac .
I tok the su a very ng me a hen . I go to a Cae an and I dan a rfreshmet .
It w a nc a because I spen a god im with my family .
No fuur or a public tansptr ? is thi clim or no ?
Will we see on roads the puli transpot after 5 or eve 10 years ? That is a really so interesting question .
I think that it all depands from e development .
w we can ee hat mre and or people prfer travelling by cr .
y , I gee , if you pane travel for a long distation and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car , because firtl yo;ll spe ls time , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where n for a long time , as you need .
But if we are talking about traveling across your city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that his is a guestion for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , aus , someone and uses pbli transpt , and ecnoy by not only money , but and the environment , and so people do n't like to p.t . , cause they sed more tm for raveling or thy smple do n't lik to travell with anther pople .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossng on or street with eogh amoun of pasngers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Ohamed and I am 28 years old , from the kingd of Barain .
I go to GYM ad u on a dail sis to kep in shae and good elth .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My ilage is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep the environment non - polluted n lid for lf .
In order to achieve my goal , I have to take steps and actions to potct the environment as follows :
no smoking in public paces .
increasing the number of ties and ants and punis persn cuts them .
esalishing the factories outside of the village .
proet the water sources from the sea .
guide th eople and gving them with information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " I go there every ek It has different food from a restaurant . I 'd like chicken crspy with garlic sauce . It 's Exelent choie or me nd My favorite appitizer is ssage nd in der that deset I 'd raher " Vadge " cake it chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease wen I go tere I enjoy clssical msc over having a lunch abot he service It 's very good and al saf are respectable I ca n't imagine o ee wtout going there tat dves me nut I advise a one to go there and eoy a ime tere , also this restarant s a relative advantage in hygene really It 's excellent This strikingy thin r nyone depit al of these advantas prices ar not expensive .
Volleyball is n of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your dy in t coret form to trow the al to the the sie in the gym .
I tlve yes practice volleyball and because of it I ne lot of people who hl me to rw up in the spor nd life .
When I was 10 , I choe to play with a group of girls older than me . They wr oods , and I ca n't bleve the eperienc .
Volleyball is my faorte port because when I am with my team playing I am in another field , in which I am free and happy , part of ti , when I am bd , hi is a distaion of the university .
You should t practice so fast , but I advertie y , is not easy at first , because you have to intent many things like should do in ie .
In weekys , I et o from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which started at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually lay ideos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am o a bi fa of sport so I do not ay any .
However , I sometimes do skipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the evening and he ea he newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interestng notcie .
Th night was about a competition .
The competition is about writing tores .
Michael was excited because he is gra write and he decided to ompte .
irt , he fund and da fo the story and he did to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He ean to rit .
e stry s very good but Michae di n't nw w to end the try .
Finally , Michael eed the stor and he went to the PT office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't wear his costume and dress .
Yes , TV can entertain an audience , because there are many comedies .
Also , there are lots of educational channels .
I think historical novels are very interesting , because you an lar ne thin about the past .
omedie ae so funny , so wen you are sad u n watch ne of the .
There are man disussions about the fuure of public transport .
Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for their reason , same people usually prefer to use their ars .
Public transport is usually restrected with the timetables and you only ma e transport at the moment tha the timeale let ou .
o this wy , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move theselve when they need .
By the way , public transport is better for the environment , because pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the most use of cars thn public transport .
Suan is a little dragon .
Her si is colored red and green , red dots ontop of her gren to be more pecise .
She does that every day at school .
Of ours , h has a title brother .
His sin is colored red , just like my father .
Da au !
I haven't written ou for t I was very busy eause of h exams at university .
at bou you?What 's w in Brazil?As you know , my friend John sed me to help him with h rganizaion at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I wa there something ie staff .
My work consisted of making press advertsing , providin all tickets , food for usicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I too my girfiend and we wre hee toethe .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get sgnatures from the musicians .
I felt like a str!Croded of people were waiting in front of the coakroo for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got the .
People were so envou ... I enjoyed it was an antastc experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn oney and you have cultural experience .
It 's a al eect !
Please see y oo
Joh
The adveising is eversite .
There re dds on TV , radio , buses , sports ...
In spite of the rage of the media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A l of people think that there are too many ads on tlevisio bt . Is it like that ?
On one and , it 's true that one proramm or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people who tire of so much advertisement contnt ths is completely necessary .
There are a lot of oducts which ve to be anounced and a lot of messages to report to people .
His TV is ot acesible wy of ommunicaton and I saw his message on this site .
In addition , beind oe dd there are a ot of things : one inusry .
In one ad there , for example , the public 's wr , the companies ' invstment , future ses , their produ or sevice 's life ...
To um up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and essential for everyone .
My favourite saon of the ear is ummr .
Why am I making this choice you clearly ? I love n and the weather .
Yes it is te tat durig summer the temperature is very high and you cn rarly stay near the sun because you finih t be burn by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a vr good moent to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
In summer I love to go to the bch and hvig sunbathing with my friends rather than having fun with them playing volleyball or running inside e wat of the s !
I think these activities are very regenerating and they make y orgt abt the wrmnes of summer .
urtherore ou sleep more than the ote days of the er and ths ke you feel relaxed .
I really like to experience nature during summer too .
The wonderful color of flowers and the sunshine are fabulous .
ar UA UMER CAMP ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you have advertised .
I 'm ighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's w I need to work in order to pay my e .
I have experience working with children of age , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FC certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I prctised my English in a native ounry .
I consider myself real actv , sociae , wel - orgaized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I c adapt easily easily at ny id of situation or nvironment , especially working oerseas pls It would be an ice experience because I oul met ew pple and a differnt clure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It ha en a ve lg d tiring ay , but om felt he had achieved something rely good .
He finally , after 5 years , won the swimming competition .
It was really impotatn for him because he was taining for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had gt any achivments .
He was really happy and he decided to celebrate .
He ivied all his friends from tea and made a aty .
om wted el , his girlfriend , to om o .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreming about being his ie .
She nted to be his if so badly .
But he did n't love r eough .
He wanted to break up with e at that party .
He waited 2 hours r er .
His hat is always la .
That is the main reason he wanted to n it up .
When Mel was he looked gorgeous .
And when he was e , he started to eat faster and faster .
But tm 's up .
He got closer to him and told him everything .
Mel looked adly at TM , te said : " I 'm prgnant ... " and go ou of is ome .
He followed and apoligied r .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was sayng .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her foehea .
He had to say ih er because of ... the baby .
He could n't jut leae her carrying his aby !
No ! He never seemed like tis .
He knew ta he had to stay wit her the rt of his life a raise h baby .
He decided to give up swimming and starte to take care of Ml .
One day Mel was feeling eally ad so I took her to the hospital .
He flt that something was going to happen .
And he was great .
Mel hs lt the bab .
I had to make a hard eciion .
s life was going to Chan .
Me was cryin a y and Tom could n't stand it .
He has brought up Mel and it made r a money .
He did n't care .
He thought it as ault that she hs ls teir little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am n't interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the wae , eling the body with weight , able to do a lot of movement that ar impossible while in the i , is a wonderful state of mind .
I stated to practice swimming in ol because I was n't able to swim at l , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved my abilities .
If y e o a good swimmer , ou ose e i part of the pleaure of enjoying the water , both in the s or in the pool .
Practie swimming is cute wrk , especially if you need to learn asi movements , b it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend tha you do n't iv up before trig , because it is airly simple and it can give a t of satisfactio !
Your efforts will be prized by success , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Introducti
hs report will test the different activities we do in r leisure tim in Stelldefels .
·Activities to kil tm
As your wn is el - knwn fr o magnificul eaches aong the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castlldefels , mny reign or local eple ome her to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfng on te bh or canoening and aquatic skiing on the lympic Canal .
hee ctivties are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend tem , especially for sorts , dventurou and young people .
·Ohes idea of having fun
In Castelldefels , other activities are popular , bt chapr , r insnce : free umb class , yoga beah , unning ... as sports activities , and as society activities thr ae library group , etc ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of Olmic Cnal n the beach , but their success is increasing ore and more .
·Recommendation
So , fnlly I suggest it would be a great da to combine the different types of activities , bot opulr and the latest .
If you tried the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Ja ,
w are you ? .
I 'm glad to har frm y .
I 'm writing to tell you the bet way to arrive at Salou .
o will come to te Reus airport , right ? .
Wll , the airport is located ju outside es . It 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
You have to take a us because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus tps at Sau bs staio .
Whe ou get off e bu y should k someone for the Spring Street .
It 's near ther .
Yu an walked to my house .
Moreover , I send you a ma in ordr to locate t street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit ueums , monuments and gon to lubing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Best Regads ,
Mary
Dr Segi García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginee of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " ntituto Profesinal Virgio Góz " .
I am particularly interested and I am competen to ply the post of Chef of operations at the new underground project iquicamata .
In irs pae , my qualite n professional sills sem to it the requirents of yu company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use technology thi great project euires .
I am also ae to lead the oeraions of the project responsibly and troug a team to achieve the objective and to continue the prestige that your company as .
My work experience is ry ustanding u to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teninte " as shif aager , Chief of operatios at " Minera Adina " nd at e evlution department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your tme and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified or this positio .
I expct a romp response from the Compa .
Without further ado , I recommend ors .
ullermo Sedill Tórrez
Nowadays , there are mn eope ht ae learning foreign languages . For me , is a good thing for me people learn , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are mr mulinational companies that require people to speak other languages , so that people who know to spa foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have ore chances of being romoted .
On the other hand , more eneits , or exaple , if you want to travel to another country is very useful to ko a different language , because you can understand without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives h lernr the ability to step insde in and out of other cultures .
Today , globalition is bringing the wrl moe cls , tha means that there are more possibiliies to have contact with with other cultures , for example in literature , poery , flms , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , earning foreign languages is very positive on different spect , so if you have t positivity of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAIT
Juio Camarilo
Montano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10237 Cáees
Augu , 23r 21
Dar i / Mam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Mond last week .
I ordered two batteries mol 002545 ecaus my mobile eed the kid of bttery , but I have only received one bttery model 0212 .
O month ago I registered two batteries , model 02545 on your online website .
I have a obile mol Nokia 24 which nee bateris model 002545 .
T delivery w wog , so I am a hug hur because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I do have moil I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive e batteries by press pos .
T delvry ror ha been made by you , so his ti It should be sent th fre delivery .
If I do not fm you ithin et to as , I shall be fced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mole does work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Jli Camarillo
The purpose of this report is to evlute both efects and god effcts from t usrs'opinons in the Active Leisure ub in time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide rane of activities , games which are held creativel and effectively and have be suitable for different ages .
Besides , there are enough moder ailities to solve h usrs in the peak ours and te gider re eerywher d edy give help .
However , nl one thing tha we disike
With the purpose of ctrac mre people to join in the cub , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange their time suitably and avoid hold the activities to vid their problems
Given is a diagram introucng the prcedues of making bank nots .
Desgin the bak notes r the firs and indispensable te .
People should decde te bckgroun olor and thw rtork hie they have to consider the security issues .
He skilld machniss would prepare mel plates in order to go to the next step .
The hird sectn is to prin e prepared bank nots .
Usually there will be 50 bn nte people see .
he coor will prin on both sis and every ntes as their uniu k also the images will be slihtly raised .
After that , it comes to the mst significant stage , that is inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divided the quality of the parts : good quality , partially damaged , and d sheets .
As o good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people il ut them separately and ck them together in order to dipacting and distribute e bank ntes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be reated as b shees , which will be securl destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram ives a quite epliit process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make tem , every tes needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect ak notes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beiings
Everything began years efoe . We afraid , Th Maj , ra an aticl about the impotance of the surounings in ealth and the happiness of eople .
He tried to tik how he could better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time to ge concned the ldest people of the village about the imporance of their care of our surroundings , idle - ag people place many tees arund e illag and clean the floor of ou public placs making it a more attractive place to ve th we ue to hav .
Esy ecycling
Loa authorities helped this activity by creating some laces for people to leave their rbish in order to be taken to the recycln center wh h urpse of giving a new life to our waste .
The results
As a result of his attide , since Alfre ad this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People are now worried about the future of our plants and an assocatio has been rated in order to promote the care of our plants . Green Pant is called .
We want a hppy Erh .
elo is Blanco ,
I 'm writing o about the sff recruitment for the " N Cod Generation " project .
So we need or el with some questions about the process .
For your nfrmation , we are looking for people with hundred years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work level .
We al value that they have specialised stdes in lou technology , and hosting mnagement .
However , it 's possible that we do n't have enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it ossibe to do the meeting this week ?
Where and where do you peer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare your own profiles that you think the staff of Cou Genraton should have , n please tell me if you in another different equest ha I told you before in th e - mil .
Peae , provide me with the information as much as possible .
Íñio Oda .
er au ,
hat 's up ?
Do you remember when I ld you I helped at a concert ?
It s really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy ha vry muh .
ou prbaly wo n't tell me but I met all the members of Dżem ban . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're really nice mn . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I hv the uthogaphs on te nwet rcord . I did n't have many utes a one of hem re unpleasant .
In genera I had oy oe duty at is chckig quest list , abve that I had to help with cleaning ea after the concert .
But ta concert s orth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Worig fo him was a real pleasure .
I suppos we 'll each other oon and I 'll be capabl of talking to you about this xperince .
Love ,
Dominia
Report :
The purpose of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in my brah in Madrid last month .
In aditio , I would lie to iv you sm sggestions I think it old be wort to take it into account for the net curse it will take place next year .
rst , I would like to stn out the outstanding classates the were in cas .
ey were not only really lever eopl but also excellent co - workers .
Wokig colaboratively is , in fact , the ot interesting way of learning any subject in English .
Second , he teachers were really god skills to tec .
He managed to encourage all of us every .
Ts way we md the mos of us and never gave up improving our English level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really hard .
hey held me to pronounce words better than efre beginning the course .
However , in my opinion , there hold ha ben at least one naie teacher in the teacher 's tam .
This way we ha been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have ee orh practising .
To wra up the epot just y that on the whole course is fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am ken on Cinma and I love to watch l types of FS .
But , what ils are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Bbel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline tha is a top 100 best ovies .
I really enjoy it because it is origial and it shows different lf stories of movie characters .
In addition , I think that the stars are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend the dama genre lovs watch Bbel as its message will move you .
It reveals that o feelns cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shaoun .
I am 20 ars old , living in Port - Sid , Egypt .
I am a student in h rd year of the faculty of meicine Pr - aid University .
My ater works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I ave on rothr and e sister .
I have been doing do for the PT for 11 years it a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are traveling , reading stories and riting my hughts .
I am nteresed in scientific research and analysis information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in that field as I want to be one of the greatest rsearchers in the world in addition to becoming a memr in World health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make Drea come true .
For the last two years , I have worked in many plas such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water puriication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miacles in ou ife so I hoe this prgra as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer b when I changed my career to machine , I realized that alh cse e best for me and r my personality .
Whn I work anything I feel that I have the world in my head so I can do anything for myself .
One of my goals in th life is to inent an effctive drug fr incurbl lke cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I aked mself many tms What is the aim of my life ?
A What are the benefits of WK a stud ?
But if you see your world and realize it ell , it will be deserv from everyone to work so hard to achieve tir high .
I learnt from Reserch that you can do everything in antme in additin a little tired and changed the le for the better .
I want to travel and viitin new clothes in my ountry and my dream is travel to th countries in the world also . I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this pogam is a chance for experience which will help nd inpire me for the comuniy services ad development my sociey as I hope to come back an teach thers what I lean .
I am writing with reference to h ps of o as a camp monto that you requir in summer .
I saw your vert this evening and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a satisfied person .
I am a preschoo teacher and I have experience of looking after hilen from 3 to two years old . I consider myself quite present and , in my opinion , th are two qualities highly necessary for that kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do ot lie to be or ee aloe . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love meeting with people a the TM .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and ctive peson .
If you rquire any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I wld be graefl if you could give me an interview at your ealiet onvenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to tartng wor .
Is there a difference between Priately and cars ?
To be honest , I am not you .
Although privately oned cars are more and more opular , and they are increasingly becoming a cmon ass even in developing countries , it is not like the the men of ranport can be the means of transport of the future .
ost people today realise that in ities and on the planet there is an increasing problem of space pollution .
Carbon bse uels wl n las forever .
I would s that mt probably private ar not " sustainable " in th log tm , d it will be necessary to reet to smst of public transport .
The opulation gowt forecast told us that in 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is ie to eam a future of technological people flying around , ah of them ih w pivate sml helicopte .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , and no en cr .
Stes ad lcal authoritie will have to tackle the probe and provide the pubc with a better alternative . T
he price of indepndnt tasport will gro ramaticaly .
I reckon that that will change the habit of the pblc .
Even though we will have to read the timeale and to ear again to be on time , the nic old train could become important again .
imagine this picture : the first class of the semester , students yawnig do not pay attention to the teacher ; while t teache the answer , students do not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in the semester .
Students could receive an etter , eficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying , partly because of after their vacation . Students will remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of ong vcation will l students get used to having fun insead of stud , and partl ecause of some difcult coures hold be cntinually studying .
Therefore , I gee with e statemen that students could receive a complete , moe eficient education if they spend 11 mots a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed on in the followin paragraphs .
To bgi wh , ther is a geeral consensu , students will forget the knowledge they ve learned after a long time .
First example , in historical classes , the history teacher has to repeat teching the history of oth America before he tart to tea the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is ey wstin time is not efficient .
Nxt to go would be , students gt used to relaxing by having no stuy and homework in the log vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not g way from the sunhin , beach , and travel .
In the css , students will recall the joyful times they had nsead paing attention to the teacher .
Las but not eas , so difficult course should be continually studyng rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be an education . If you have a long ie without learning English , you old forget the vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshel , baed on the aforementioned , I totally disagree with the statement that students col receive a better , more effective education if they spend 11 monts a year studying .
My favourite sport is e soccer .
I enjoyed this spor ice when I was a child . I always remember my father and my brother each me to play it .
My father is a professional soccer plae so I think that I inherited hi love of the occer .
I played sccr in dferent eas in my neighbohood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I went to pea with my team atners .
Together we aalyz the rival team and we choose a srategy to win the mat .
I played bad . I felt nervous but my parters gave me their uncoditional support .
that is picelss .
I know e health is very iportan so if you practise ths sprt it is a big pobability that you are healthy .
So if you are singing this , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to practise whatever prts .
Soccer is of a violent sort u sometimes it bemes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for anything rolem .
Finally , I advise you to play hi awesm prt .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy to see my family .
On septembr 2t,20 I went to New Yo city .
On the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my ncl was watching me and I gave him a bgug .
We went to lng island because her he lives .
He has an eally ic house a I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " o oks just like me .
In New Yo I eat so much . I went to the city that never slps , Anhttan .
My uncle had e awesome idea of going to Niagara Fals .
We wt in a car and it wa about 8 hours lng .
Finally we arrived at Nagara Flls . iy tha looks like a got place .
It does not have too much to do with the falls .
I as aaed of the huge te falls .
They were iredible mazin and eautiful .
I take too many photos because you do nt vii places lie ht everyday .
Something that made me very happy as to visiting my family .
My uncle Ju lies in the tats of Aerca and I like to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very appy to me and me . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of resent eause they do n't see me frecetly and mn ohe part of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Iagara Falls and Time Quar , recieving a lot of presents and delicious food .
Most atteing students to universities are o of e cit were tey sd to lve , so , they need accommodation to live through their studies .
Mst universities provide cheap accommodation such as sred oms and dormitories to thr students to lower the living costs , whe most students have their own income .
Oth students who may have faml financial suppor prefer to have an apartment to live indepdently
Shring houses or rooms have many advantages such as , chap , safer , clo to the university , learning how to sae verythig with ohrs . sving Mney d tim wi be mr Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payent will be les han four tmes than hiring an apartnt , and because it will be closer to te university , saving mne d time is more efficient by reducing ransportation 's costs
In pite all these benefits , I prefer- if I a - to live in an apartment hee the personality is very important or me .
In year g , I shared a friend in a om for e months dung a course outside my ountry . These days wer I worst durng my li . He was dirty , speaking loudly l ime a did not share the budet of eating . living alone ll grn me the frdom to live by t wy ta I choose ad still frindly th al the thers withut exee the privacy of my fries . this tter il not achied wh living in shared rooms .
He annoys me
Although the edral government ich is decided as the role of the USA has any benefits according to eading passag , the lecturer belevs that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the feeraism whc a more librt fr states to have their own polics according to their needs , is n always good or they lecture her it a crate with conflicts between t sats .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals women som status admt thi arriae , others do n't .
Alo , the reading ssage eclares ha even the edral overnment lets ch sta function idependently , it still controls the ain deision .
This could cause some problems where the lturer mentioned the failure of the fedra government to stop illegal immigration to UA through the Nevaa desert .
Also , the control of the fderl government is the reason ach of the status and the feeral blae each other in the incrae of unemployment in some sates .
In conclusion , fdera government which gives freedom and porful , causes many problems such as no ingle policy and cnfusion in responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that ny type of TRP is exciting but lo there are frustrting oents .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I wod gv wo important advice ; first tr to et one with a travel companion and enoy Mxican foo instead to critic about spicy sav .
People sy that in every voage the people suffer difeent ments of the trp : arriving , getting awa to the frustration of an unknown place , getting alone with yr trip compion , success as a travele a arrived triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the ravelr find a way to get alne with his or her companion .
Ts minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit othr it .
As an example , if ou ae ble to ge aloe ith yur travel company could enjoy each moment of the trial , xcange some pictures , ea together , and visit aces with cmmo inters such as musem or malls .
Another advice that I woud give to people coming to Mexico is that njy for Mexican food .
Mexicans do a lot of tasting dishes from different stats of the countries .
For example , there are a lot of American people who do n't like spc oo and also a lot of the tie could get angry with the excess of pepper that Mexan people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ak or sauces with lower peppe .
In this way , the visitors oud be able to enjoy Mexican food with pepper and the same delicious vor that is so characteristic of your country .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice for visitors that are coming to my country : Ty to ge alone with heir companion in orr to have fun and tr to enjoy Xican foo because it is delicious !
Ate the Internet was invented and revealed first time on August 2nd 1969 , Social Media ie ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovtion that has partly replaced fac to fac communication .
SMS such as Facbook snd out 700.000 mssags , and 170.00 Tweets are publicized on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisigly , social consqueces of Facebok and Twitter lays an important role in communication , regaless of distance or ie .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or S in genral , are not liel to have their own personal privacy at which is a positive cycle of buling .
This essay will rce on the disadvantages of Fceboo and Twitter , and so comments potential future of the implications .
Commnicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Acebook and Twite .
T bneit of being fm big connected glally to Facebok and Twitter is that messages ca be transmitted almos instanl to viewers .
rstly , Facebook and Twitter an be ed wn tir users in an unpleasant md , and in whre hei native feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with dai activities ro friends , making observations of relationships , making one 's eeling within the network ( through wall posts , pkes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quin , & Kowert , 013 ) .
Tat is to s , human behaviour on Facebok interacted with others by sharig their mood , and receiving responses .
hirdly , Facebook n be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increass continually , d moreover , maintaining reations with other existing members , and also sharing their interests through the social network .
( merald Group Pulishing , 23 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow nyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily ee every daily activity which is posted by them .
However , ue to tis , people who are eng flowed , or users in general , may have le personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive someone someone .
However , information which is apeared on Faceboo or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on acbook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as a public person .
Mostly , Facebook users expet their friend to respond or a ttentin on what he is doing .
In fact , aog wi agreeal and pleaant omment , there ae lo small amots of aggresie and een racis omment .
First of al , people can post any racist comments which target a pecfic group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Harry Gme was released , a an posted an nset cist tweet that saying ta they were unhappy because of an actress performed by a black person ( auch nd Schanz , 20 ) .
Because of the acessibl nformation through SMS , it l to man problems involve wit cycle - bulyng , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking bhaviour ( Krishna , as cied in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reots a case of continuous diurbing a woman from a man called Mr .
X " aditted to a tte psychiatric hospital after being foud ot cmpetent to stand trial on chargs of stalking harassment , trepassin and teephone harasset " ( pp .
7.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcebok and Twitter , an S in general , ay rplace ac to fae cmmuniction ad imroe tir functions , because people fel mre freedo or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without seeing each others people .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends with a second , rather than avoid contacting them .
The positive outcome might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communication ills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the ri of negative comments or pos , Faceok 's witter would iprove their futures to sole less rsonal prvac problems .
For example , controlling what pots should be sent by adding or privacy otins .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention to acebook d Twitter old affct their social life by avoiding singing it mos of the tie .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook Ttter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
ls people can easily redue their negative mood by sharing and xpressng how they fl .
In contrast , because Facebok and Twittr ve are connected worldwide , men protcing personal privacy is probably impossible .
Posbly , users might epres aggressive towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photogaphy classes or everyone
ntroduction
Teenagers are constanly infueced by social netwrs like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
So , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of your daily life , because it is the best way to captu special moments like birthdays , travel , special oassions , etc .
As a new college suject
hi pctice is considered those tivities that one can do without any kind of special peparation .
However , teaching students how to pply better echniqus in the ment of taking a picture should be as cnsider as learning to draw .
Both slls are weird in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
The raons
Recent stues show that in the last twenty years more than 3,0 photographs are taken per person in t old , especially in the laet generations lives and kids ) .
His ncease is reltd with the overwhelming development of technology in oputers , ameras , cellphnes , ec .
Also , potgraphy is considered as a pe of t , so it requires knowledge of especal skills , techniques and knowledge .
Ha a lovely eather toay !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally Sring cae .
A brght sn is shiing , e now elted away in March .
The first spring birds came from the warm countries .
They sing funny and bilding their nests .
People ook happier .
Ty a fling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward ne ur in March .
Th Summertime was first introduced in English in 198 .
The as become younger and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually et ou clock bak an ur in October .
People are happy , because they ca sleep ( fr ) n hor ore .
Hockey as a ie style
Although l sports help you to have a healthy life , hocy provides you more than just big heaty or fit .
What do you think of whenever you choose a sport ?
o think that your ife style will improve ?
We you are mistaken .
F doing different kinds of sports you ed to be skilled at or want to try trying .
Wh if you do n't he none of those requirmnts ?
Th you know hckey is e aswner .
hocey is an ort I have playe for many years and it ured ou to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In impl words ,
It 's a team sort .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a wek and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I av been waiting to improve in this sport and since I was 20 it h become an idea style to me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey will cage ay the world and yu e oin to start sen it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right ort , ti n is o you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is the est transport means or environmental care .
In spite of om people make enough to buy their own car , electric and hybri as ae or expenive the raditional ones ( the ones h se gas or desel ) so , people choose these ones n ha because polluton is sevra isue that we ha to eal with .
The environmental care is akng trengt eey y , fro kds too ancient pepl .
The government and companies measuring the CO emissions which are being prodce by industrial or service factories that are necessary for producing goods for the social needs .
If people do n't use public transportation , they oul walk , re a bike or use a traditional ar , d that will probably take place when the destiny is fa rom the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transport will be very important in the future , especially in developing countrie .
I think the government will slow the fee for public transportation . ha could ke eole to use public transport and protect the environment from CO2 emsions and prevent obal heating .
In Coslada Cy Councl , people are well informed about taking care of the environment .
The city councl has devloped several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate the ast .
There are any cological islands .
Eah of them has three or or kinds of bins and they are about as high as two hundred meters .
They have ben sveral planting ampains to pnt trees and to clean the rve Jara sde .
Nevertheless , it is not enough , because dog owners have ms of the disease .
ine 2008 , there are bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid cars a they will emit less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every place and people wate is pike up every other a .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
O planet is in a difficult situation that we have to tak over e problems .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with her goal of making mney without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make an effort to solve it .
We usually e the public transport , which has a great quality where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on tie and the price is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are casifie according to the matial we an to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us maerials to recycle .
Te benefits are great to several organizations that take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they an to i of , such as bottls or papers .
He is al to do such beautiful jewelry that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these ind of things can have a second life .
As soon as the lt river nds the southern bore of Eypt is he .
h ile rive is the origi of the ancient gyptian civlization that counts over 6 thousand years .
hitorias , researche , scientists agree with this .
A as for me , I totally suppt their oin of VI .
Egypt is an ind of the river civilization mong the dsert Sahara .
All over time the IE is h oly source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on th ive helps people to realize the pssiblity of panding t re of fertile lands .
The Egypians called their country ' Bac Lan ' to mark it off of the red soi of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide vlle of h Nl ecame the most important transport ie for Egypt .
Through t cntuies people have been exploring the atur of the Nil .
The aciet gyptians divided t ya into two seasons compared to d or et period .
They knew when it wil be te ' reen Nie ' or ' Red Nile ' to tock up with clean watr .
But such hi level of development of Egptia civilizati has the negative side as wel as positive .
The great number of dams wre bit on the river ht caused the disapearing of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a l of Egyptians til liin a rom the main atmosphere of th country and hardly can in th clean war to drink .
ut I hope , as soon as Egyp bcme developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that hh evl .
When most people think about an important historical place in Ialy , they think of Duomo , in Miao .
But the Dmo is not the most important thing .
I am sure you 'll agee that it 's the Cooseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of th ity .
It is quite ancient , t still fascinating o thousan of tourists come every year .
It was buil in 79 A.C. by io , o s the oman emperor .
It was used for ows ith animals or uans , who were killed without pty .
Moreover , navy wrs were represnted in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It is run through the ags , but now people understand its imortance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and o traditin , which we should n't forget .
Howevr nt l people are aware of it .
It 's our stregth and every time I go around I ealiz how many people succeded in uiling it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this moing world , transprt has become an important facor fr eveyay acivitis .
Everybody needs a mode of transpot to earn ter daily living .
There is no point in taking public transport as no future .
Tavlling by car is a convenient means of transport , but most of the population ca not afford it .
There are avantage disadvantages to using public transport .
First to discss e bnefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable or ll lss of people in society .
A variety of buses are releasd by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Usi puic transpor is a time wast and no rvacy are some of the disadvantages .
Siilarly travelling by car has s own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can afford a travel by car as it is safe , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy igh privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticted an ca travel faster .
To s up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no fture for public transport because it has eul advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is t crowded .
There is no denying that he M in this city is such a convenient metoolitan syse .
However , during the rsh hu , there are always such a person h has no public awareness at ll .
They ocup to many seats , including prioriy sats .
Furthermore , most of them are stuent .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep auhing d asing ea ohe , despite the fa that se people have told them to do th .
Moreover , I think that proide the seat to elderly is also a problem .
Pririty sts are presrved to those who need it , not only the elderly but also oe adults who need it .
Anyway , not ll of them can identify whether their bodies fel uncomorable merly from heir appearance , which ead to so misndersanding beten tm .
me people ven blme them because they occupy the seats instead of offering e seat .
Moreover , soe ld people would take ths considerative action r grante and they would command young adults or students to offer their seats without maner !
In my opinion , the trasporation in our city has nthin to criticize expect tat .
Everyone hould develop the advantages of public maner .
Telvisio is an important part of modern culture .
We depn on television or entertainment , education , news and films
TV has a habit :
First , it enables young people to experience cultural experiences with others .
TV can ct as a catalyst to get id reading - folloig up on TV programs by gtting books on the same subjects or eadng authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational progrming can develop young children 's social and learning skills .
ews , rrent ents and technical programming can make young people re aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries n hlp devlop critical thinking about society and the orl .
TV can help introduce yot to clasic Hollywood films and foign movies that hy mght not thewise se .
Cltral programming could open up the world of MSIC ads for young people .
tlevision has alo negative effcs : first of all , hildrn who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television als takes away from beautiful tme .
This is ls true for failis who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting a sas of inancial products and services to international , as - market and small - businesses .
I folo h relationships with customers from acquisition to the avise til the realizatn of contrats , bildin and maintaining relationships aftr - ale with the aim of customer satisfacto
I also worked with lag d smal teams in back - offices , managed ma administrative activities related to mortage , personal loans , conaility and invesments .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of ew customers , to provide them with a copete ervice , from e accounts to insurane roducts , inestmen poducts , personal loans , revolving credit , and ros - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing no - andard situations , analysis the problems , finding and implementin technical and easy solutions .
n - sandad situation , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several sitatons always rk th serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural society .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , coorating with colleagues to achieve t goals by providing my support , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view ogether ining as to de .
I have worked in larg company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find wb opportunity .
Need to work My husband hs living in Zandam . I want to find a job in Holad to join our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also in the rescue icence . I worked as a lifeguard in the umer studying for the ptnt ad dive mser
Nowadas we l hope , ht ublic ransport can ave t rld .
When we l ths cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic , we hik that we wi av to ie a car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , oe a we 'll wae up in the immortal traffic jam .
Bt , probably , this situation is only period of the development of transpr .
We are tol about a lot of innovations in the spare .
For instance , Gole repoted about Googlemobile .
aye , robots will be able to dive more srt thn eope .
If they contact each other and use Googlea or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the rds .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people have the ea of Goglembile .
ome people tik , it iht take way their independence .
But other people think that it is o so bad , ie , because they il be able to drink in spite of the ac , that they a drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people wh dislike driving anyway .
Ad people hate public transport , there ll alas be .
e qustio is , whih srt of people have more impac in the world , , they ill decide .
How many languae do you speak ?
D ou eer thik of learning another feign language ?
Or do you ant to be a poglot ?
Today it is mis time iportat to learn a foreign language than before .
There are lessons which show you what it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely seful to seak lcal language , it makes you tri oe esy ad comfortable .
Secn , r looking for a great job opportunity . Business exchange is increasing in the international world . If you spk a foregn languag , certainly it ds some value on your profile and you can et a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at t time you ae ao gettng knw t culture , et to know a different culture is soety different than ous 's . It enriches your knowledge .
Oer these ears , there are more and more mserable accidents happening around the world .
rom newspapers , magazines , and foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Man scenists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in he et 50 years because of hmans ' reedy .
Humans are always eager to have a more onvenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Hih - technological countries ve developed a great number of forests and lads to build high buildings .
Varius factories emt ecessve carbon dxide io e a .
All the examples above will nhanc the temperature and make the Earth hotter and warmer .
The higher the temperature enhance , the higher the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't t more emhass on our living places , we must have a DK ad hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the eather is so hot that people could have a water shotge .
Losing enough waer up , people 's bo will become weak and rugh .
In ti living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , hee il be more fight , hatre and sadess .
Everyone was in despair , but an not find he erance to brihtnes .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied art .
Friends , fro now , let us be e members to rtect and tk ae of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercoverd work is very ha , nt ust because you wl wrk with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get dicvered .
When people know that they are deceived , they tus are broken , ead il ol .
You have to be precse , fast , and a really good actor .
Te assion for the cause is the k to Surie .
It is the omethng that I have to do , no you , not r , me .
I d n't choose that , this j as chosen me .
ear Sir or Madme ,
I wod lie to apply for the position of bea lifeguar assistance hch I saw dvertised .
For the ast two years I have joined the swimming club at e University .
I managed to succeed in many compeitons in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for hi post , considering the working sills I have .
On the other hand , I compleed the first id course , in the e Cross .
He will give me the opportunity to experience all the experience I have gained d what is more , it will provide me with knowledge .
Please do n hesitate to contact me if you shud eqire further information .
I am aailble to attend an interview at your conveniec .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hránez
In or mode world , many people suffer from stress at sprin from le coniions .
In addition to his , people work in very tessful orkplaces d they want to leave from their condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holiday is the best option to renew the sul and revive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people work fm daily problems and lo can ake more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with heir milies in order to forget about bad situations on tir les .
F xaple , walkin in the seasi or simmin in the sea can be elpul to forget ard le conitions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best people in terms of tining lonely experiences bout life .
People can review private decisions on holidays more accurte ad helpf .
Or instance , in stressful life onditons people cn ke ad decisons for their fture .
Besides , people uderestimte eotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete the tasks in order to gain re mney to aitain their lives as they oget about emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about special things .
It can be clearly sen that in holidays people are getting closer and they rmember tei eelins .
For example , people meet their relatives that have f a long time .
In me tme , people have a chance to go to safe places in order to renew their spirits and sls .
Ty cn pry for Go and it is a relief for people .
When people rmember thee motiona and siritual sbects they become happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have te to review their mistakes , that leads to stressfu .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful conditions .
Ao holidays are very helpful das in order to revive the spirit and te sol because people have a chance to mv awy mode lfe tt has full of ateril subjects .
Cyling to school , to work or to do other activities is ot a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local counils of big cities , such as Madr or Valencia , ae ryng the best to promote this event because they consider it an event .
On the one and , tre ae any benfts of cycling .
irstly , it reduces trafi ja , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 mssions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of tanport .
On the other hand , there are oe issues such as the increase of dager on the ods .
Stistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvntge is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to ycl ino a strong wd , freezing water or trying to keep drinking hot water .
In my point of view , Cyclng contributes to improv communty spirit and it is pssile to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by c is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cars do ot to save time waiting for the bs or suba .
And this undirable time must be no so ort during holidays , u to ess fequnt schedule .
Also , we can drive a car at any pace where the public tanspor perhaps is not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to sand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
en though cas could provide us with so many dantages meniond aov , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be negleted .
Frs , public ransport is god for the environment compared to private a .
As we all know , the more public transport people use , the ls cr exhausts are emitte per person .
Recently , several tudies have shown evdences that the is a strong relatin beween exhausts and ug cancers .
In other cases , public transport plays an important role in protectg humans eing fom sufering of disass a saving lives .
Second , pblc trasport saves cty spes .
As more and more people coos to live in cities , nowadays or cites eome large and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spac f ah peson bemes mor limited than before .
Provided that eey ciizen ws a ar and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppoe that our stees would ecome a parking pace and everyone would spend more time congesting .
Last but t te least , public transport alows people to do other things which are impossil when driving .
Te drives have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resltin in a tense spirit .
Fr a passenger , however , ravelling is a coplee relax .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , ead an ascinating book or just loot at outsie .
Thou there are advantages to public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less fleibility tha ar , and is less environmentally friendly than bicyces .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that e trnsprt can eplace other .
It is better that people are aware of their ros d cn and choose it next .
Langugs fo the fuue
Shold learn other languages ? .
We ve in a wor th da to y chages and people nee to deelp their skls and overcome .
I think these are many reasons to learn languages .
On the other hand , it col allow you to communicate with the pope , no different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in cent years to express yousel in English , French , German and Russian h because something essential ey important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the pie of the cose .
I consder that it nds to be hd and tae me away from doing any other things .
It eem to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be proftaility in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motvate to enjoy learning .
rua francsc xvir nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Ua Smme Caps ,
I am writing in repose to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as bbby - itte and I took care of my 11 year - old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I ave already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for e job .
I can be contated for a meeting in the abv department .
I hope you consider me for the job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's hoe in Adriaa in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's hoe .
First , we listened to some things , such as Almost and b big orld .
Afr thirty mintes , we ordered tea .
Winnie ovs eating very much so I cn asly ind my food at her house .
We d mouth- wterng strawberry caks and juicy appe uic for tea and te ee extremely yummy .
After havi tea , we played hie - nd - sk together in Winne 's garden .
Adrna and I hid behind a bnc and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winie fell ve a little stone .
Driana and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Your ne is bleeing .
e ou oky'I asked .
I was haking like a leaf and my heart was pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'s , I am finished , ' Winie replied .
I felt relieved then .
hn , Adrina found a plste n pu it on Wnnie 's woun .
Winnie elt was inside a smild hpply .
I lt la today although Winnie hurt her .
Wy ?
It is because friendship is more ruge .
Wa an unforgettable da !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The Hous of the future will be big and bright .
Isie will be full of conveniences .
ig spaces will be ivided into a few zones .
Relaxation 's , earning 's , kitcen 's zones and so on .
In the future , there will be automatic ctains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be codles , as way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it a expanded or redued .
Everything depends on the nuer of people .
Siming is my favourite sport .
Wy do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming is an Olypic sport . It is an ndividua ort so it depends enirey on the swmmr 's efforts , but o a als joy teamork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a spor that requires a lot of fitnes . It is a pot that can be leant at any bu chldre and start to arn swimming as early as two years .
Swiming as different pes ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimmig as a sport is very ueful in weight eductin if you bese and need to reduce your weight . It is also a sport for asthmatic patients because it strngthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to resratory infections .
If you want sat to learn swimming , choose a lae tht h an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group .
Hell Paul ,
I enjoyed hlpin at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I have a great time with people who work as helpers for the concrt .
I got a lot of experience rom th .
In the time all people enjoy t nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I sw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
Fr xampl they know everything about each helper 's jobs but at the same time they st their own sbjects .
I want to explain to you some iterestng pa from my experience .
At the concert morning we cited thinking about the concert and we decided do not hnk aot the onert jt do your job , which would be gven .
When we ee arranging concert , we made ok shaing f all of us .
Two of them stard design the stage , some of them checking sngs volume and lights .
My j s chekng songs list which singers wold prfom .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
Tey ere always wanted to change om songs which were on the list .
On the cnert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody must be worried because the great time and effort r it .
inlly concert started and l e lights were shining like tar .
It is difficult to explain that fling .
When the oncet inishd I ft lie a brd which flyig freely .
Of course , I had some pins in my lg ecase all the time I was standing .
However , I lie to be a volunteer on enjoyable projes .
I want to invie you to or nx onert whh will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we are preparing for the cncrt .
I am iting f your emai .
See you !
Technology is caging th wa we ve in many ways and how we receive and get information is probably the most affeted .
Regarding advertisement , technology has a hue , does not have a positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
ro bak - and - white adds posted in ublc plac we have oved to practically live surrounded by outdoor add plac on eve available ad iginable spt .
From buildings with enormous and strange scenes to interactive bus stop igns .
The recent developments in mobile echnology allow advertisers to ffer persnalized publicty to ch of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mallorc on my computer or mobile at he , on my way to work , the ads on the I will see - which , of course , will be screens and o printed papr - wil show iags of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor wit Mallorca in it .
It ill suit me sometimes , and it can even be useful , but I 'm also sue sometimes I 'll find it aggressive .
e way it is agresie to enter a square or paza in my town and find it fu of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures dislayd re .
Advrisement might be considered an art , or at least some iecs are really artistic , but placed on the wrong stage or howd at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is he r bs or worse , and we have to learn to da wit it the best we can .
If I could change something in my life , I would have to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in sbbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So tha I oul live myself myself and independently .
If I had th oue , I would decorat it in the modern style .
I would build ter finess gym , wardrobe -rom , swimming pol .
If I had such a house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my gardn .
I could inve my friends and relativs .
Togeer we cold pnd time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my aorite sports , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which is very challenging .
When I feel stesse off , I alay play tenni to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you ed to get a suitable rocket for you irt .
As the prerb goes : If you want to lar something well , you would need to gt e ight ools first to work on it .
ext , you are required to learn every basic skill step by tep .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn the important technial slol and steadily , you ut ding the practice .
Fially , finding a grade teacher is lo ctical .
A skiled coach can teach you the best skills of tenns .
Do we have btte television that a few decae ago ?
Do we have eugh choices in t scree ?
Can you imagine hain ol wo cannels not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An exhibition of hannls arrived at our houses in the eighties .
In this rpot we will se some chaacteristics of today 's television .
Number of Channels a gadually reducing
In our country one deade o en dgitl TV arrived , a lot of W channels flrished .
l TV ried to e everl licences to distribute ter shows .
In order to resolve som defict problems , today there are only two TV programs .
Less channels means lss hoics .
Internet TV is ineasing
It costs less money d you can choose exactly the moment , where an with who watching is or the eleison program .
ou just ollow a suggestion made by Bay Somene .
Y jus cli on it .
They have to ruce their budget
Despite of changing cannels we e the same news .
Big Broadcast goups are us by all of them .
It is expensive to keep tourists and caera l around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
ummay
TV is dying .
It is hard to compare it the Iternt .
Nowada only natiol or international broadcs groups c be in e match .
Perhaps people rasons elp to maintan ch a budget decit .
However e fat is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hoins ,
I have seen our advertisement in the newspaper and I am wting to express an interest
to join your personal group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ye - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am en to travelling .
With svral trips to many countries I have until now , I would say that I already so much experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joi our goup , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore e countrie around the world .
r ten years I have been in a scout group in which I learnt a lot about different kinds to fid a w or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I am suitable to join your job because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your advetue .
I look forward to hearing from you .
ar Steve ,
It s good for her ro yo .
Basically , my idea is to e hi trip to lar as much as pssibl . I mn not only English language but want to know more about your culture and visit ice places in your country as well .
As I told you believe I ca n't affod to pay hs tr alone , so my ther il put up se money to help me .
t I wanna find a o to help him with the BLL .
Could you give me a an on it ?
You n lso el me to find a cheap pae to rn .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near Cambridge University were I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your el and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bet wishes
João Mats
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeng o .
First of all , you should get out of the arpor trminal .
Tee y il ee bus stations in the street .
Whe you gt tee ake the bus whh has number 1 .
hen ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
Tere o n e to the underground station and travel to the centre of Pagu .
If you coose this w , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you whe we meet exatly .
But if I we you , I could take a TXI or the unerground is uit boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to g to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast or next mot looks pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you son .
Bs wishes ,
Jco
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment f dig work better than before .
First , we can discuss the of food we want to eat .
Actually , students ea a fast fod when they studying at university , because they do n't have time to do fod . For these reasons , I think that the bes restaurant is something en ty do hom - made food , and a good idea is o mais course : baked poatoe , stamed vegetables and for desst apple ak .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should hose a special restaurant . I like a caming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , a wht cha , able and walls , more or less , a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very importan for dine and I thn that we mt vote thi , because we wl av a good nht or not depeding the type of atmosphere we coos .
In conclusion , I think that is type of fod atmosphere is very r us , because orally we ha spoen about books , OK and studies , hile with the tp of envronmen we can speak but us , our family , our hobbies and a peoe get to know ew something abot oter mates .
I wod lie to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love t fod ee a I thnk my classmates too .
You can it the best brers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make d cook them .
Tse burers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I do not a what they are because you have to tste them .
It is a flavour similar to staying in te heven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to hs esaurant and you will definitely arrive with a very go flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
Yu will at to come nother home .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can a whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic piion as a person who has ten nothe meal .
ulic tanspot plays an important role in our Sunday life .
More thn a billio peope se buses , TX 's and trains e as tourists , for or , eetig relatives , going to cool etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by ar is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrl , disel and ga is quit high in ot of the countries of th wrd .
While travelling by ubli transprt can ave a lot of money in fllowin ways :
1 . People can ve the money they spend on petl .
2 .
As they have specfic routes across the country , towns , cities and illages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside e ty etc .
I disagree with what the statement stated abe because in the future we are likely to have only wo casses in society , te ch a the poor .
iddle class is disappearing and becoming sarc a by day .
It is because of ih taxes on goos .
So , I believe eiter we will ve public transport or people are going to be as they were in th ston age .
Public transport is even better for the environment than cars .
Nowadays , people have different viws bot reading books and watching movies .
Some of tem think the job is more interesting than the film version .
I disagree with the point of ie .
I ed to think tha there is nohing ettr ta reaing a oo .
Firstly , reang helps to ecoe a well Eduated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why you are radin you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is appening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heres looks ie , you can imagine different views . Here the action takes place .
Ad finally , I think it 's very important that you ca easily take your bk with o ad srt rading anytime you ant .
On the other hand , if you like being in a company , the best way for you is to move .
Because you watch it with your friends .
Also , my people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but l the ftors are not important to me .
I ppose that others are better than them ilm vesion .
To u up , I 'd like to say Reang is a great thing .
A gi was walking home oe da .
She was her mm ..
She was a young beautiful girl !
So , he was going home when he noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She d bod hair and she was wearing a blue res , whte girls ad lack shoes .
ut like r ... ''Mum I le ths ol!Culd u be it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't eny to him , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!Th ooked so adorable together . They were like twins !
After me hearing the girl decided that she wanted to move .
She was eighteen years old , e a to be indeedent .
So s ok a deep breth and pu e oll in the attic st like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noise from ter ...
She was there and there was do with a knife in e hd.''Bell , hy you do n't py with me anymore?Ar ou borng of me?us because I have only one eye?Bu u removed me the othr on .
ut because I did n't wear my gloves?But you did it again!''she screaed .
And ten ...
Next d , going to her mother wanted to find my daughter .
So , s went uptairs ...
he girl had a knife in her knec nd on the wall . thee was a sentne,''hy i y leave me that way ? ''
Tens is an individual spo .
ust you have to deal with the game .
You ca choose ots of paces to pa .
You need a good pr of shoes , a tenni rcket and some bls and prso who pla wih .
Although you shoul be od at playing backhand or forehand , you ca los finally .
Ts spo is not just about physical power .
You sposed to s your brain as ll .
It is cobiation of a physical per , a technique a a mental ower .
As the other sport , tennis is gtting ore modern , fas and commercial .
I mean professional ennis .
Some hildrn wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Soe of te prctise enni beuse of their parents .
It is not fair nogh .
Children should play games , not just enis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , els to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anway .
It is eve o at .
Eher yo cn find a professional oah or something on your friends .
Enjo !
Dear Mrs Asb ,
My name is Ndra Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in a cafe , a I 'm iteresed to or wth u .
I ' m the erfec choice fr hi wk . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and us od is everthin .
In Italy , I attend school to water a cook . Sometimes I cook lasagna , pata , pizza and many her specialties of my country , and I was asued in many famous restaurants .
I"m ls ood at eling with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I av done th animator at the summer cp of Lpinano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with hldren d adults .
I also work for many theaer companies and I am so good and kind when I talk to other people , even if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm also repred to working long hours , when I orkd wth my aunt in his cafe . I worked from eit a.m. and I late at 9 p.m. , It a iffcult I did it all day .
I look forward to hearing from you .
ndre Coci
Essay
In Toda 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth living in your own country for a period of ie to study English ?
It is true that gong aboad can open a point of view about your own earning process .
Talking to English speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to draw ow ell or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you do it proerly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be able to achieve your goals at , so it will be to become a real nihtmare if you e not focus on your learin tasks .
From my point of view , I think the disadvantages vercome the disadvantages , especially if you have sme oney saved it .
But if you do not , there is alays a solution whh is he Interet to learn everything you need .
You can even lk wit atve speaker by using ome hat Room nline uh as Skipe and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports , handball , Simmin , tennis , but my favourite sort is ot oe of those . It is a sport that I ve never imagined : football .
All my life I thought hat ooball wa a port which was r n , o for irls , but once I read it , I laughed it .
Have you vr thought about paying footbll ?
At first , when I started to play football , I played it with my classmates , who were all os , so I used to feel a little uncomfortable . However , a few years ago , they started to intergrate me when they played , and nowadays , I lo playing otball wih thm .
N , sme women and I started to oganize female atces , so I am more ud to play with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on ootbll , but it was part of my idea .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should do it at least once in his or her ie .
One thing you houd have in mind if you want to lay football is hat you have to be ready to reacie some puches .
I recommend a restaurant which is in the hopping center .
I have be here TWIC , d I ie it .
Its name is " The Engih oven " . It 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with Bitih food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so the class cold ta inside without problem .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
he fod is e of the best things in the etaurant that is ways tasty and fres .
They got a t of different shes , traditional and modern .
They also have a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pzzas .
The dessrt r very od too .
They 've got riinal ones , like swet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creas .
hi restaurant is not expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to pen too much money .
T restaurant is in the shppin center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think his is t bst rstauran to go on the nd of the course , so we could boo some tabes as sn as possible because a lot of people usually oes there .
During his whole life , famous people , such as politicans and film stars , and the media accompanying him .
In my view , the public should have to have their own life , without being photograpin .
In e han , because a plic person asocate with jornalist , ass - media , flashes .
Famous eope are obligated to provide their life in xemplar .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make mitkes .
People are thought beng jealous .
Not ny kind of failure .
It see to me at journalists might be absolutely oxic and they have deectve ifulenc on society which assess elebrites through the prm of journalistc documentary .
On the other hand , many of stars sold their privacy to en Moe and Mre Mone .
he value of their taet , abiitie are ounted in aout of taboids canals .
Sming up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring int the limelight .
It has been very eful for a long time ao , nevertheless owadas , there are some people who say if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people shod hin about the many advantages , uh as : pope ve money ; it is very comfortable and od o the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people do not have a car tey ne to travel or go to another place and a car is very expensive .
His crs needs to be rpaied ; bsides , if you have a c , you have to y some TES .
In addition , thse eope needs to have public transport to travel around the country city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming because the atmosphere is much pllutd .
If you se public transport , you could contaminating the befoe because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Filly , the lst reason is he coort because you have a c ; it is so difficult to find a car par in the centre of the city .
Bsids in om cities , r n o be paed in om places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
mming up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I e used to wakin around my cit and my c is ut ue if I travel around the country .
We are living in an always changing world .
Today 's things are things of in w monhs .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latet configuration becomes outated within a few moths after using it .
50 years is a very long time and people will definitely be in up a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative ne .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps , the internet , mobile made us oe cnected .
Today , we have the information at finge - tips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Goge maps are always there to help .
We eed not to cram English words day , as we can quickly fin meaning of ay words on our mobles .
Meeting new people or elling your prouts , you do n't need to ace ayne , everything can be maaged through virtual latforms .
Tda o lies have beoe mh more comfortable than pas , tnks to rgress mankd has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , global warming a red became challenges of today 's world .
Climte changes you to gloal warmin casig naura disasters nw and he .
Terorist activities causing havoc in ubli lie .
Crrupion ad gree of people in poer making it difficult to rut people leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in omin ars , imagining better ivs or people in 50 ear hee is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in igt han it uld be a boon for us , in rog and it has power to dstoy the world as we e it today .
to my cousin ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on our website and I immediately thought " That 's f me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering y I should be the right person .
Tha 's soon ad .
I 'm motivated , exible and open prsn and I had a lot of experience in that field as well .
I 've worked as a scial training and as an educator since I was 16 .
I lo do social activities and making events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memories of ese experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requted , I attach it in this mail .
est regards .
Personally , mobile phons are very important in my ie .
I ed that evice near me because I have three children and I want to know ho ad where they are .
He talked about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me or al about their health .
Concerning video - aes , I agree with scients hat they thought its el children 's brain to develo . T is an impotan cntroller to ecaue her re o violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluio in current society .
It is ery common to use the Internet in my work for research or oogle information and also connect it other teachers , spek about courses and change nforation .
Finally , I think technology developments make us improve for the future .
Friends should be like a shadow aays bsde ou .
In the time of j and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life bt no doubt it is not easy to ind sincere friends .
It de not me you will never fnd o .
It is very important to neract and socialise with people to make a iend .
The more people you will mt the easier it will be for you to find a friend .
When you fid one spend time with them , har vies , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do n't have to are on everything you say u they hould share their ves about it .
The Guardian is a British aiy newspaper which ncludes national ads internatiol nes .
u old fd a variety of articles such as physics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , ie an Tye , Taels , the eaher and the Environment .
There are penty of advertisements for jobs ad donations to individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
It e a qalit English language which avods slg language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who ern English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I was raised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not sitable f chilre due to official language . There were a great number of commercial advertisements which mak te reads oed .
Overal , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the rld .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people re mat nd economy ery highly developed .
ome people think that we ned on tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice tht gadgets bcme very ueful for r lie . sem to me good opportunities to make our lives easy .
Also , it makes us more leer .
I am convicd that using tablet computers in your everyday life is rather good .
People do not nee to ary a lot of books in a b . .Pupil could not say that he left a OK because he has al oos in i tale computers .
me people think that it is a bed de .
They believe that it is useless high for our generation .
uh people are sure elctronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like bos vy uc when I am at home I s bos because I like to smile and to touc the paper of books .
I do not agree with the eple that that tablets are useless .
We should use it bt we e us orgt about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should get rid of ew technology and try to make our lives easier .
The Big Mistake
This a was full of oy and appines , but something was wrong after when s to hm that he was pregnant .
She was so happy about the news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It a oo much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk wa and avoid this conversation with him .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and douts ce up on his head .
n pat of him was really happy , because being a father is the biggest dream , but on other an he could n't handle this news .
This person , who stands next to his girlfriend , is FTURE wf .
He should be happy and u her celebrate hi go news .
ut somehow he d n't fel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle te eling , when she tried to toch him , to kss and hug him .
He kne ha she loves him as much as he loves er , t everything was just too wrong at the moment .
Her voice , er smile d even her dy w to ron on tis mmnt .
Sh coud n't nderstan what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago whe ey hd a conversation aout kd ad faiy and he ai tt he would like to have kis with r .
d now , he just avoids e and he is not apy about the news .
It was a bg mess .
He was older than apy and he could n't adle this news .
They knew that they le each other and cared about each other , but it was oo mu o him .
He stood up and aided his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Mihael closed the oo d knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what my loey sprts and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not ke to do ome sports during the ayime , but if I really need to do some exercise then I like to go swim in the swimming pol .
irtly , I think , siming pool is cearig .
Such as after swimmig that I ve a safe and a bathroom to tae shwr .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , because I do not like big sand .
Third , wimming in the ocean is very dangerous .
However , I like to go in e swimming poo during the summer .
Actually , I do not nw h to swim ut it is my favourite sort in my whole life .
Moreover , I think beore of sports that we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our odies first . If we do not do it , we 'll get angry when we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do pots but we ne to choose one kid of sot in our family and amos all people need to do it , as we ca not stay at home or work all the time .
Even o eally do n't like to exercise hat o can go to sh .
The purpose of the report is to outlne the important cions which have been takn in our to to protect the environment in order to improve our quality of life .
In te frs place , we have to pay attention to the fact that Ccers is located in a pastue area where lca farmers have bee breedn seep , cows and pg f centures in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our ter resources are difficult to presered and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of a atonal of it .
he local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the ton here citizens can snd their fe time or evn do sports .
That 's the reason why it has ben working on the recovery of some areas which are now pars or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved its management and reatment of the the system with active cooertion of most of the citizenship which is really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabiants are said to sot recycle their rubbish tking it out to the yelo , geen nd ble contaier in every treet .
And that is the negative pot , these dumptes are too visibl in town and it would be advisable to chag the ones we have f undergroud ne .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point bu anays hi is n't important information .
I arched my fmiy in the house a thr s no e in the home , ju me .
I get a bit scared so I search em outside in the streets .
I did n't know at a omb hit on the city and klld amst everyone , now I have to find my paets .
I think the reason I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very por area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distingush wee does the explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found some neibors ih sm fd . I was sarvin to death so I ae a o .
We made soe incentives about laws , but it was a lot confli , ecause the group notied ta some fo was missing someho .
I think that someone dags some of t oo in the night while everyone is sleeping .
So everybody is g na ry to enforc th laws .
The next morning I ate a iec of steak a the gop and talked about some cretures ta we walking around to kil nd eat us .
In th ght I am thinking about many things just wh I ard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this girl had a hump .
I stom him and when he tured around it was a woman frm t roup .
We were tlking about hs wen a g ju came nar ; it as adorable us when he converted into a great weird crature .
He bt my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the oup or us .
We sa that beast eating your friends and e food .
In me wys th se robbed the fod in the night and I ae up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to revrse the tren of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DONG EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obai while eercisin ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexi do n't do any exercise ? th is a big problem to our ociety and is reason number 1 of why Mexico is the country with the obese in the world .
Doing exercise is a mortant thing to do in an easy and happy life . While you exercise you fel well with your re sef and you re dy .
There 's a lot of bnefis ta come in and with doing exercise like reducin or taking ontol of re weighing , it causes you heart disease , problems with your ody , and as you have a lot of friends who do exercise .
w Nowadays there 's a lot of different ypes of exercise . You can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , seball , or you ca simply go to the YM or do Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can ae a lot of friends , you stay fit , but you also need so skills because it 's ey to control the bl and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I commend you to practise any practice o ike a enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Tanks d trt n , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because driving by r is much more convenient ?
I disgree about public transport wo disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about nreasing in trvellig .
This ompsition will explain two different opinions .
Firstly , the ar is mor cnvenint because there is privacy .
Aso , unlike public transport such as ues and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give o the reeom of choice .
On the website of the Sotish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy explains « " I prefer being in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as my people around o ... I prefer the r because you a isen to mic as ll . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars incease pollution , you have technical congston , and it is very expensive . « - On my ag , even the rivig lessons are expensive .
Ten must own a car and lookig after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Einburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years old y .
No , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't y any fe on public ransort , and also , it is safer ,
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ownr re run he driving .
It is clear that if thy oo a bus or a xi en ty were rak , it would not cause as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Aada , Jaan and so on , have built a public transport stem , so the traffic jm has been decreased .
As a result , the economy has en increasing .
From the analyss , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very imortat .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is nsidered the st imporan thi in a relationship " ?
Disageement on always telin the ruth is an important point in a relationship wi is my opinion .
Ee thought being truthful is crcal in elationhip , always telling the truth oul be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwe .
The reason for not telling the story all the time is if it is a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or the employee .
It is better to tell a little hit lie at this ment .
To further illstrate the first pint ove , cold hurts e 's feeings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if soe woan o are acquainted with inappropriate cothe not fit in the occasion .
People usually tend not teling her ruh sinc it could make her feel .
Intead of doing so , popl may aise h with oth thins on er .
In that ase , she ould still make conversations without boilin her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually inen to keep it riate ine most of the tim It is strange and inappropriate to ak oneself too much to people at OK or even eple at one just got acquainted .
If there are questions about things e do or want other people to know , ey mht a little white e which usually does ot mttr to ch .
If I was taking a day off to go to a doctor , I would refr other people from asking details about it by saying that I just had some errands to do .
These are opinions of mine on elling h truth or n .
Last Friday , Miche and I were in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
he we wr in the cls , suddenly Michal walked around the dor .
Michel said he dor knew at the mont he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're both lled to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the hedmaster jus because Ichal ad closed the door .
e do w n't roke no pieces or ell down .
My curiosity had p me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen lie what I hoped .
I ended up being expelled from school because the teacher and the classmates uspeted Michl and I stole r clasmate - Sally 's wallet .
I oud n't maine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly without giving any chance for us to peak out .
I finally relied tat verthing a a ta nd we 're the nlucky nd innocent ons as we fell into the trap .
We wipd off our tars , and waved o ands whe we left school .
Although , one day later , the headmaster found out something through CCTV , b we efused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know that if we go back this time , similar cases could appear next time .
It is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear summer camps ,
My name is Ianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement or the ob .
I consider I am the right person for his job because , first , I spea funt and clar English , which is er important to communication .
ls , I have a good relationship with little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews at the weekend and they love spendn time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and reay to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspt of myself , as I invent new and entertaining games for he kis to have a great time .
I like maki puzzles or games like like running , juping hch are important for the kids ' development .
I am not going to ooking bu because I never have time to dedicae ie on tat .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn vry fa and n domiat it .
That is a great quality of mn . I learn things very fast and I also get used to new things .
I am ey xted about this job ad . I hope you reply so .
Biaa
Dy number 8 .
We were eager to go and fd the hers . We went outsie the house we built and wrote in wl near to the sheler " se zone " and if there was someone that needed supplies he could find some supplis and ammo to survive .
We took our journey and going in the fores . There were a lot of pests on our way . There were variu gy ht wee sck we oud n't do anything xcet for , kp going . I was seein my little group to # dimini and some of us wer # allergic to ome plants , I a th only oe that had no problem wih all h other stuff eopl had problems with .
I thought that maybe my genes ee actually imne to th infction I could actually be t # reolutionary guy who helps everyone who ws in my # kptick n I ws really poitive about it , but notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think but is it elp he etir world or ju sv a group e deision wa in my hands it s # conventional to elp the entire world u I do n't wa to d . wile I s thking abut that we foun a od it was a famila bod frm someone that was in he group one of the gys we wnted to find and live not dea i face was ll rtten nd eaten way by the walkers .
We eeed to ind the one th wee sil ave or at least tlls us wht append to everyone . t # ttle ainst huer started , everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days a ht could la us to two higs dead or aen away by a wlkr so we needed to find something tat was a # nutriional based foo where we cold eat with no probe and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a rstrom where we could ge a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We went to the parmac There were no walkers around so we ran into the pharmacy and clod all the drs and I got someone to help us in the night . I needed to rest and et to sleep immediately .
In my re there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private raffi in the town is yet mor present , as a result tha Tuin is t wn of FIAT , he will be known actory .
Near to yur oe , there are many upermarkts in which you can easily b al you ed to liv .
When you have to pay tlehone and nergy bils , you can do that in y obcco shops on your own .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of t town , there are some bi supermarkets , which sell many items from the main eat factories of Europe and above .
Like industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for ea ea and each building .
At the en , taxis are present and they coer all the town , but this service is ls organised and developed by the English ne .
There is an opinion that people , such as celeriies , film stars , citizens or people wh work in music inustry deserve to have a private life , except not to be under constant obervation .
To my mid there huld be a bard between paparazzi working and a prvacy of famous people .
In my opinion , bg stars should be able to relax a take some rivte me .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when there is undr sureillnce of eole who want to tke itures which hows them in embarrassng situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of a celeb 's ' rk ' so he has to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some invilability sphrs of lfe without journalis following the ime .
This rare fragmens of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to act like normal , ot famous people .
I know that catching celebrity ing ceanng or taking a d o a wk is a shokin news f eopl h rd ablois .
To my mind , they do n't believe celebs are such normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I am sttement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have normal ideas should be given to them .
he Maze Rune
I recently watched this e film BSD on one of the ooks of a world nwn author .
As I have an interest in thrilers , I decided to give it a y .
The poster of the film already ffere an idea of itrige ad mystery , which made me the decision to watch this fil .
The film starts by putting ourelf in the fls of Te mi character , who is a 16-year - ol bo who finds himself impsoned in a ce and beng transpoted to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up .
However , his son realizes that this is not an animals camp , which is loctd next to a giant mysterious mz .
h people who lie in the cap ak up different oles in order to survive and efend themselves from the enemies of the maze .
He to the role of a runner , e person reponsible for exploring the ma nd oo for an xi of this place .
Stil , they oy have the dayight ie to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes ery dangerous .
The im keps getting better and etter as you watch it , having its exciting moments hen the characters discover something hat hidden inside the area .
I hatily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenalne while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indferent .
I 've ben playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully mamr , what I learned about it is fit of all ht tall or small . nyone can play it as long as they 're detemined so basicall is a life of spt or everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you ink o probably misse something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every person rects the location of their ba in the amount of te and he there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a gm go until 32 - 30 , and se e enrgy on the floor and her the ois from th crd ou 're mising out .
Personally , winning a set makes me feel like I could do anything , he I do n't , it still keeps me waiting more .
I am always trying to jump iher , hi harder , pass a set better , and erv in different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My ar is very lean and very gree .
The people there are really friendly and helpful .
It is a good pace to have .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taen .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bi .
That is a very od idea , because that rbbsh udergo a bicycle .
Al my neighbors in the same way colleced garbage .
ver by ce you clean the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spring is a l of colour and pleasant odrs .
New Eltm has beautiful parks where you can relax in a busy place .
reen 'm in my tw is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bea restaurant , a tyica iciian restaurant in Recastani , a little near Cania located nde the Etna volcano slop , and I found th restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two oos , a smoking room or non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it till fl air and os , the witers were really friendly and informative .
As I was eaen with my friend Morno and is father , I managed to sell a good range of iems on the menu and I really liked Chinese beef . It was very sty .
All the ingredients re clearly fesh and of the highest quality .
The price is n't reasonable at all , because the mea came to about forty uros per person , so this restaurant 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant dspite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doub be ack fo other dinners .
Dr is a topic with a lot of controversial .
Tey have been rsent in oceties ice ever .
Cannabis , heroin , sped are om examples of substncs that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a ve used rgument by people who believe this measure could solve the problem of exclusio .
Margination ha a link with the illeglity of this activity .
Also , this illegality is the guilty or the attraction of drugs because the majority of people str having dug because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulatng .
The real problem is when this etetainment ecme into an addiction that destroys our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kin of illegal dug to ave , eny friends or ust to pve them , and I do not believe that beviour is wrong because everyone needs to expeimet an tr ne hing .
t we have to be responsible and have very lear that it is something excptional and nt r dai life because it is very anerous as some people are not able to put eadlines to themelve .
Finally , leglization of dugs means that they could be taxable and we know how t taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi hooq ,
ha sond great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm going to be glad to see you atr a long time .
But nluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you bt you take me from school at 1:30 then we can go to hve unc .
My school is really easy to go to . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah tree then train right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting do from the bride , you 'll fid t school on your right .
So excited to meet you !
Bye for now .
Nou .
Dear Les ,
First , pain is a great theme for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always snny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to e oe beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Fmilia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alabra in Granada , which is one of the Seen Wonders of the World .
In drid you ca go to some museums , like the Reina oía or El Pad .
On the other hand , if you want to see sm ildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos ationl ak in Cantabria , which is like a litl safari , or Doñana Naional Pak , where in that period you see some migrion birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each lac , and I ent ca in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to wear warm clothes .
I hope u njy your summer .
Adrán .
But Simpson is my favourite favourite character on TV .
He is t elet son of the Simpso family .
Bart is e years old and is a tyial Aerican chid .
He has yello skin and i eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky air .
Bart always wears a red T - sit and blu orts .
The most important thing for Br is to be the most popular student in his school , for hs easo he is lays misbehaing .
His parents and the school princial often unish him .
Brt is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad student and he hates eds .
Although he is aher naughty , he has actually a eart of god because he helps his sister hen she needs him .
In the impon amiy all the characters are very funny .
One of magazines a The Simsos is the st cartoon srie in history a I absolutely agree .
r me , Bart is more funny than Homer , although mst maazies sa that Homer is the est character
It was one deary rainy Sunday mrnin .
I was n't in the mood to go u anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't be out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on e oor .
Who on Earth is cold ?
Who would have even bothered to pa me a ist duing this bloody awful weather ?
My cnerns were answered swiftly , fo the a on my threhol yelled : " I have a letr fo Mr. Samson !
" I was little surprised , to be honest , I ad n't received an ette for months .
I opened it and uicky scanned the EXT .
At irt , I d bseved h ettr cauously , ut te I noticd my ncl 's nme in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his first wi and I learned that I inherted a good eal of money .
Fft thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation eize my md immediately , and I son began to worry : " Wha wil I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the as I have chsn is about the tow where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this on is located in the middle of ils nd a river without water .
I am very worried about about where I am staying because everybody of ts ton is bothered about rubbsh things he does every day .
First of all , th ae ey dirty by naur .
They are very cruel to the environment and the iportane of clealiness .
So clled people of oo nture are inctve and talkative and goip of others not doing anything for the beterment of their own two .
All the husehod around the public road trws th dirty things easily and even do anything about the order of the municipality .
I see these urig my evening walk .
What I found is that everyone wh is taying the town houd at leas keep clan tir in front plcs and sides surround them .
I am upset about it and whenever I ge an ance I speak with my fellow ople and look for their feebac but thy are also the same in naure .
People are now self - centre and very narrow minded .
Though they are becming so crowded but in real sense they are still savge .
Dear r. Ashby ,
Yesterday I went to Green eppe Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have se the advertisement for a b at weekends in our cafe .
I am very interested in this job and believe that my empoment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourim student and I ne to or at weekends to y my studies .
I have worked e year in London as a waiter in Had ok Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Baromi 's Cf in Brli .
So I have experience in service , customer cre and working long hours .
I know to prare different kinds of FD : sandwiches , fs and fries , haburers , Italian pas , etc .
I am also very good at dealing with th eopl . I have a complaint see !
I have oal available at weekend a also in Umme .
I speak Spanish , nglsh and Eran .
Please find attached a cpy of my CV , which exans on my experience and changes .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an itervie hen It is conveien for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
ours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaned dl Auna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major opc .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is wely supported in eveloped countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I lve in .
As an atter of fa , cr onerhip has increased over the decades , reducing the aount of eole ing public transport .
The possibility of travelling in thi in car is much more convenient than being in a car full of people or even wre , the idea of watng tme in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another de to this reality .
There e pope who c n afford to have their own cars or mye can afod to travel by other means of transportation than the ones rovided by the oca government .
Ter re countries where gas is so expensive , people choose to pay the bus fee ather than paying for an ul ank .
imilarl , people in countries turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the treasure of public transport will depend on the usage people iv it .
There will be countries in whih there will be no ed f it , and in others where tey will nd it as long as everyone ees it .
People need sy , fst and cheap soluins .
In Enera , uin a c is easier to take a train or a bus .
It 's just near your hose or your ofie .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the ri or high snow .
But if you have a seey , tire , ored , or you do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the ca faster than public transport ?
It depends .
he traffic can affect crs and buses at the same level .
Sometimes there are faster buses , ometims buses are faster .
Speed trains are alays faster , he ca .
Seaking about money ? Traelling by a ees cheaper than blic tranpot .
Bt , if we consider al te expene ( buyn e car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are n so eap .
In fat , in ery aspect there are pros and cons .
How about the environment and the quait of ife in the cites ?
Public transport is obviously better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be prfrred by ood ciiens and strongly upported by ovrnments .
Infoal leter fr CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear a ,
Thn ou for your ettr .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that oganises music fesivals , I can tell you that it will be get used to you .
I am ot sue , however hs o will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the onl opportunity I go for suh activity was on the 2nd of July , when they went for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happiy you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to translate a lot of texts , and also help English speakers to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional WK experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was sed to do in the rest of the ime was to make phone calls and ake cffe tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about avng enough or having a nce holiday if I we yu .
We o decide what to do . do not hesitate to tell me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fvius
T as f eeks hae been really ough fr Michael .
Ti whole business state to get on hs neves .
He a to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For n n hing is learning as y - e one he is in le with is Mlia , not Angelina .
he one he dtes is Angelina , not Malika , hat 's the problem .
He ca n't ump Ay just ik tt . They 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to pt to to hs without hurting anybody .
So e , e deciion is ae .
He 'll break up with er .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
he door of his room opened , he came out of the bathroom it jus a towel around his waist d Angein appned to pop in to order a ligter or atches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really ay why he ended up having sex - perhaps , at he time he was issed at himself for not having ball to the gr he lod because of the regious issues , Mlia 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he does n't really tat .
Only after , when Angelia let out , Michael cloed the door and he knew he had made a mistake .
Da Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a ummer cap councellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I ave pased to send ye to secondary school and I am looking forward to the egining of my fin year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be useful in the future .
I like English , Eran and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as lst ea I worked at a cout cap .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer henstl in pimay chol - onc a wk I would go to a cal club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliale and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to ntertaning people , which makes me very useful in my work as a summer cm councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quaified lifgard .
I attached a reference to Tomasz Jaworska , h was my boss at the sou camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discs my suitablty for his pst in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seveneen eas od and I 'm an elctonic student fr Itly , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my mar cold proves it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of te sool yea .
Recently days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I eed to know it ell if I want to communicate with other people in other countries .
School is my if : I study about seven hours a day , especially mats and electronics . th are the subjects that I like .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be li tm one day .
Th g probl in my cls ar e maoriy of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they wate time doing nothing at school a I hink ev at home .
Te tig hat moe annoys me is hat they copy the time rm me and other ood students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funn d kind people wn they want .
Cong ak to my dream , I would like to get on with my tuies in Londo , at the Iperial olege .
I hope to be at a good English level because next term I am going to ke the intermedite crtificae of English and en I am going to y enr at ti school even if I nw tat it 's very difficult . The Imperial College of Londn is one of he most imprtant universitie in the whoe world .
Puerquitour : A great experience to or mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of calories , the ils they are going to gain and that stuff .
I arrived at Mxic City n month ag and I met an old friend from high school , Vicene .
We dicoveed our fascination with ood a ' T Pueruitour ' was born .
The a brainstor about els and places to visit began .
h first day started in an imortnt eat … ao Day !
Tacontento a th plce we hoose and we really enjoyed almbre al pastor and rilld onions , accompaid by cld beers .
D to Puerquitour is something to shae . The second day we hared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate aos , but this ie they were special .
The nm of t place is acos La hue and tacos ae goret there .
It means that they have different types of tortillas -vanila , strawberry , chipote , nopal , and walnut , amog othes- and salsas -tamain , guava , ango , guacamole , t .
That day d not finished wit th cos , after a walk in Refoma and a long pause in The Independence ngl we went to the movie theatre to watch the art ove enir while we ae crepe .
Thi day of my fvourie , the place is ooooo ic and the decoration and the atire of the waitresses make you el ino the 50s .
La Ppa upa , which is located in La Codesa , offers baked potatoes with ame of famous women and love drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar zl Resturant , in the north of Mexco ity , a the allcation for the fourth ay of Puerquitour .
Seaood is delicious thee . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and srimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Fifth ay , it wa time to at ore taos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguese .
You have to be starving to t a molcajte by yourself , it is jus o mu o one person , so if you do not have breakfast it is a good option or o c share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to look for a litter of beer .
Almost a week in Puerquitour .
The sixth dy is to celebrate Maga 's fial est , a friend fr igh schol , who already presented it to get th aster Dree ; and e arwell of Vicente , who is already at h S , a hat I will go to the UK .
Because we lke t fod , we ceebrated eating in Memelas b .
You ca n't go there and do n't e memelas , that is like uarache but bigger and very delicious .
T dessert ?
c cream in Tepozneves .
Because Vic was amos with a foo in the U , we spent all day together .
Seventh ay started with a really nice breakfast , goure sandwiches a rose petal tea .
Tn we went to an OK fair and isted some bookstores downtown .
The lan ws to dinner at Hlara Gastroar r al te od ommets abot it , b hat y it was closed ; so we dcded to eat at El Hquito , the traditional Al Pastor Specil accompand by lack be .
The last y of Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dance , a sraberry heeseake at Starbucks and a long talk about notin and everything .
I loe to end time doing what I like and the people I like .
Do n't hesitate to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from rea Expectatons by Harles Dicns introduce a yung bo known as ip .
his i as en rised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his husband .
Sadl , P s no orune in any possib y .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrle life .
Besides that , Pp seems to be a shy and ielligent ki .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he nrrates .
Also , his lfe would be prfec to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tomtones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to have his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel dness eadng these chatrs and , finly , like him .
At leat , I el sory r h and I wul ike to find tha tory ha a gd endn .
He looks like a good oy tt ives in hell and the Del is hi sister .
Nevertheless , the narrato is the truly protanist d the ay to tell the actions is the reason why the story connects with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protgonist , bu telling the story as a dult .
And the author es n't try to describe the protgonist with words , or with actions .
The narrao did n't s an escription of the protagonist apat from is ame .
Alo , the arrator mainly us direct speech , but he only uss individual speech on occasions referring to his own words .
Ths excepti n be read at the d of the first chater , were the narrator anwer he thif writing that he said that he wold get t ie , and ha he ould get im wha boen bits of fod he culd , and he would come to e tief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes xactl what the characters are .
Th voice is in first person and us a subjective point of view .
He oly kns what he ees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , his poer cod be aalyzing a describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive w too .
Also , he descrie his rents in a hlrious way , imaging his father as a suare , tout , dark n , with curly black hair jst looking at their tombstone .
These twisted ads creave thoghts e spread al over the text , accoanied by een mor twisted reflectios like at the e of t irst captes , hen he describes the man who stole him as a man afraid of dea bodies in the graveyard just because he sa m huggig imelf .
Besides hs , the characters of the novel seem to be nhapy , living a sad d borig lf tha pushes em to aue ou protagonist , with the exception of o .
The narrator does n make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he ocuse on thr apeaance .
Actually , we know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and brother suffer . She is worried worried about what her neighbors ink about rather than worrying about the person who lives in their own house .
h arraor describes her as a woman tht h earnd a good reputation ein aggessie ih is little brothr .
And we know that o is a god man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natued , swee - tmpered , asy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about him .
Alo , the way e character TK is opposed to what the narrator wrts .
In fact , the dialogues of ech character are not long an more an tw sentences , with the only exception of thif that talks about hs prtnr in twlv log enteces wit cmplex tructure .
This kind of stucture is idel used by the narrator , but the characters are usually al wth short d simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extrt of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , r. Je Gargery , was more thn twety years old than I , and had estblished a great reputation with herself and her neighbors because he had brought me up " by had . "
ving at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , n knoig hr to have a hard and heavy an , and to be mch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as ell as upon me , I supposed at Joe Gagry a I wre both brought up by and . "
On the other hand , he dialogues with a smile and shorter :
" w like here , " he id , " the question ein hethr you 're to be let to live . you know
what a fl is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittl is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Furthermore , the vocabulary used by the narato is opposed to what the characters say .
P uses a rh vocabulary , using a t of metl ebs and astract concep that are usually spired by concrete hngs .
e mah pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the diaoues are written xctly as thy wee sid .
T hief id " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is sai , making it oe realistic .
Nowithstaning , his nvl is narred is the proagonist .
The evening is narrated in a mysrious w , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbck .
The story is arrated as it hapens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and revea something about th thif .
lso , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narato reveals so much about h or other characters , b he rites about esetial things we should not hrough he ext .
The thief isappears , but the first character ending makes us feel curious about the next meeting .
Therefore , I do n't know how the story will go .
To mu mystery and ut a fact can be rea in hse chapters .
All I know is that this story will no have a happy ending .
Probbly , h tef will take Pip to an unwanted adveture ta wi mae him grow up faster .
I would like to rd a sry when Pip ed as he starts , at the graveyard .
ke another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without a tale , about a regular mn who died while he was learnin to live .
Obviously , it would be difficult as the narrator voc clearly comes from a person who ivs while he is writing .
This is obvious why he makes referece to h fac ta hotography did ot xist when he was a kid .
In conclusion , reading these chpters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , ten the central them could getting vr adersities ; if not , it is a sa strong .
She knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long from hi day to cm .
It was h a when Se was going to meet her biological mother .
She ne she had adoptd since she was 7 years old because she was told about it .
She did t fee bad about it because she likes her parents vr muh and feels loved by them .
Afr her 18t birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what happened to her bilogial mother and wy dd e gve An awy .
After finding he adopon papers h worked the adotpon agency .
Se convinced the dy at the agency to give e the name of the biological mother of " her little siter h h a dease and needed to know if er bilogical mother would be a matc r a kidny traslant " .
Ev though it was illegal , the lady gave her name and the contact number of Sa ielding , her bological mother .
A ont pasd by bere se h the curag to dial that nmbr .
She hesitated several times because he was afraid of her mother 's rjection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning nna did n't say anything , she could t tter y sound .
But th sh sad " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my othr " .
After another few seconds of silence , nn hed her mohr crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the rk .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally choose an important hater in her life and that is why he knew it was going to be a very special y .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Itay , with my family .
On the first da I was very angry because my parents did n't tak with us Ilaria , my est friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard h rdio ta Felix Sandmn , a wedih singer , on holiday in Sadegn near my ote !
I love him and my dream is to meet him , but I know it s impossible and my parents d n't want to drive me to my hotel , so I w quie sad .
Unexpetedly , the thr day , I was walking in ea . I saw soe people in the disnce and som cameras , but at t momet I thought they were making an idea .
Then , I realized the boy at the centre was n't a mple oy , he was Felx !
So I nt toar the cro d when he sw me he miled .
I am really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He tayd thre ew our d . I snt the es d of my life , askin some questions and seeing my sons .
When he left , I was sad but also really happy .
It is certaiy the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Bes Pizza West of Iay
One of my favouie restaurants that I am always hungry o is L'Alero izzeria , located in the Huelin neighourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pzza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trohes and photographs for e worls bs pizza .
The spae is family friendly , a pleasant place to celebrate a day or meet friends .
My one complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the nu , it is often difficult deciing what to order .
So I have eve be disappointed .
To start , you must read the Rose Wid alad . It 's a reh , colorful alad that is sold in an owl and of pzz crust .
As a mn dish , you ca n't go wrog odring on of their pizza 's , all a mde esh to odr in eir auhntic Italian iza oe .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eating , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining mnu to customers .
Aso the prices are incedibly ceap , it 's around 12 euros per person for different dishes , drinks and desert .
I ompetely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is pasioate about rat fod for an even better alue .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The betaces for young people in Dblin
This reprt looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from different countries .
It is bas on a suvy of young people from Witehal College as well as my own opinion as a peranet resident in the area .
It seems that the ajrity of those surveyed ae of pinin ha the bst place to visit fr yog people would be Tempe Bar .
It offes a variety of activities le museums , a cinema , a vry lrg Green Aden and many pubs to choose from .
He onnie Fox Pb as highly recommended . It offes an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in e ple .
The Odeon cinema offers a mltile choice of movies in 2D n 3D n a discont fr stuens on Wednesdays .
he Dublin WX Museum was suggete by many students .
Seeral people said the aional Botanic Garde is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the wole here r civities to tak prt in many laces to visi dpendin on students ' prefernces d financs available to them .
It is true that pole everywhere lk watching sports .
Sports start being admed by young people and cn imprint a model of behavior on the young 's mid .
In this essay the sides of the psitin statd above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
Fr one point of iew , top athletes are good mdels to emula or several reasns .
Firstly , watching the uccess of such athlets , tenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to flow professional sports .
This means they will want to play spts , which is essential or their health .
Secondly , dance sports also teach pricees level lessons , such as disiplie and dealing with ucces and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve golы a ractiing regularly to become good at something has been demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good exale for youngsters to follow .
Frm another prpective , sometimes professional athletes are not good roe models .
First , sport has become business .
Most sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
Ths can lad adolescnts to believe in money and fame e an important pt of sports insead of learning how to lie wl n avin the f of t ame or the competition .
Secondly , tre e these athets who behave digustinly .
For xaple , so tke drugs or cheat in order to win at y cost .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior ends a writing message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of disadvantages and disadvantages in regrd to professional sportsmen as good rol mdels for young people .
On balanc , I am ncline to believe that professional athltes can be excellent role models for youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and e Brone sisters ue the ae syl : realisti style .
They are influend by e surrundng in which they have : Dickens , the city of London and Bronte sises the aural lansape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte ten use the fist peson narrat or the point of view of the protagont of the sty .
Their realism is different : in fac Dckens ' sty is tht of sentimentl ralsm in which he ixs pahs and cmedy , li characters tend to be caricatures of the vices and virues he wishes to pursue , hie the Bronte sister us reastic tle lac with Romantc nd Gothic elements , ik Byronic male hroes and fema protagonists th r psychologically comle .
T graph illustraes four different sources of consumption of fish and other food in the European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of he give source , the overall ih meat cosumtion ranked from nearly 60 grams pe rson per week to roughly 0 grams per person per ek .
rom the 4 sources ate , 3 of them rmaied a steady decle with the xception of icken consumption which a risen ver 25 years period .
Oly fish consumton shwd ltte cane durng the peid , begnnng ad ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per WEK .
Bt lamb consumption and the category labelled beef hd a decline trend between 197 and 004 , although maintained a decrease ovral , with lm consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to ut over 50 grams per person per week in 04 an bee consumption falling fro arund 3 grams per person per week own to just over 10 gram per person er week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of mat consumption which laboated stabl clibng ro 150 grams per person pr ek to the higest consumpion 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is eviden fm t graph ht sm sectors declned , other rose d one remained tady consuption oer th 25 yea pa .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Dmtr Lavrov .
I 'm a potdo in Russian Cancer Research Centr .
r la wors along with Alexis Hrvieux on his sty of arpin .
Recently he has visited Moscow and when we were having a conversation I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on ostdoc posion abrad .
And since my great iteres is to develop my skills in microscoy and digtal iae analysis while working in the iel of cell biology , Alexis told me to try and contact you .
O conversation with Alexis and yor own publcations ll supports the suggestion that workin in or abroad aparently will rovid auable opportunities to master technology and research kills .
Not to mention the paticipation in pineerig Stud .
My ow work is dedicated to the study of changes in cl - el contact and in actin cytokeletn that take plc uring neoplatc transformation of epithelal cells .
Earlier I had a publication in Po One with a description of differences in oraniation and reglation of adeence junctios associatd with different tpes of ctn bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cel .
Thereafter I studied accumulation of vaiou actin - biding protis and actin sofors within adherence junction in normal n ransormed cells .
On the coarse of this nestigation I have btined some promising esult which I 'm going to reot on he FEBS - EMO conference which will be held in Pars in the beginning of September .
As I 'm preparing mterials for the next public .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in t attachment .
mitr Lrov
P.S. ere are my CV and a copy of my paper in te atachent .
I am writing about an important istoical place which is my favourite one . I am referrig to Lugo city .
I visited Lug last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful quars and parks and I visited t numeos hurches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of aces in ugo worth visiting .
For example , you wak about the Ran Wall , which was made a protected UNESCO World Hrtage Site in 2000 because it is the ony Rom Wall in which tht is complete .
I ink that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists d visiors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can e delicious and typcal dishes , for example , octopu .
In Lugo , my traditional parties and festival take place .
Aong the most important I can mention is San Foián d Arde Luc .
From 4th to 2nd October Lug holds San Frolán Fiestas .
San Oilán is an estival of the National Tourist Interest .
This festival is edicate to e ci 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Gaician culture and folklore .
Another important fstval in Lang is Ad Lucs .
It is celebrated in Japan .
During this fstiviy , Lug becomes a 3 century town again , so you see Roman cicus , Cltic weddngs , Rtsan arkets , man usical events taking place d locl people and vistors get ito eiod cotumes , such as glaiators and Rman mperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde ucus is clebraed .
You can enjoy traditional oman customs and Roman lif in Ad Lus .
go is and incredile ci and it is important in the history of my country because it is fl of historical pacs , festivities which ow ad prform preis periods of the history of Span , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The igger the city , the bigger the problem .
h town is the 2nd largest uban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amouts of wase . "
City X " has no specific wast ispoal plan , but a edral lw establishes a due date until 1st July .
Despite it , there are a f lns to increase the green area and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis wl consi of evaluatng the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In acord with the aorementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 207 nd 2010 ore than dobed , 86% of it scarded inaequaely .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Woms " program on the disposal problem . "
iy X " incinerates hosptal residue , in accordance with level reqirements , and se 7% of the grbag prductin to recycling factries .
The recycling factries have a joint venture with h municality or wae , and show a result 20% better than lt ya .
T program represents 2% of the employment in the city , t it neds to epand .
he city has many projes uh as th " Keep it lan , kep it beat " , what goal is to romoe proper dspoal in the public areas .
Another important one is e " e 's make it green " , responsil o increasing the green aas within the ity by 150% over the ls two years , consisting of a combination of pblc and privat inestment in reforestato of rural and comunal areas .
A later crucial acivity is the " Gre omunities " , currently caryin 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metrolitan ea .
A municipal waste polic tat intgrtes private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the complete problem .
The city needs a jnt venure to support a functional and sustainable commrce of recycled rubsh .
The increase of gre aas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the SED reort of 01 and all fits into 16 of 20 requireents of a city of the future .
Ms the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by his lack of training , which can be reolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to tak a ya f before leaving school and starting university , because you cn have a lot of new experiences .
Or example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you fd a ob and en moy before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have me to relax .
ou an travel to different countries if you ha tm . I would like to go to Aa , Thailand or China .
ut you have to have money if you want to travel , so you an first wk n hen travel .
You can find him as a waitr or in a shop .
However , many people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you wr so that is a god id so , especially if you find a job related to ha you want to study .
We live in a time when everything hanes quickly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in ciene - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines d rbts .
We 'll have a possibility to coo on which planet we want to iv .
d what about houses ?
ll people 's homes be different or still te ae ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
he avan - arde and futuristic pojets of houses will be more desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or ilo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes hey will be ome kd of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
A what but interior ?
In our sevice there will be more achnes and robots with articial inteligence .
He will practically do everything : cean , oo , reind us what we have to do and also share with us like a strange man .
In prcice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a commad .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's o I e a home of th fuure .
lad to har th you 've been invited to attend the last round of intevie next month !
I really want to ork with o someday !
To make su t position sucessfully , her sm usul advice and information you might want to know .
At nerview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great impotance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , ressing as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties f in the forml ccasio .
Sutabe dresin comes across as effectve ad eliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every so they do n't want to spare one minute to wait for a date ho 's late somehow .
Thid , being prepared .
As the old syig goes , wl pepard is half ne .
You 're supposed to know something about r cmpay , s proper questions and communicate effectively with answers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you ca up front , you really have a chance in the iterview .
ince you 've applied for e ale assistant in the ses department , the sles manager will be interviewing you .
He sated ou his career as an accountat , and he got fed up with dealing with numbers l da ng .
Pus , he was wilng to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the sales department o ear go .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought frh new ides ads facilitated the reform of ad development in the department .
In his eyes , what cuns most is the track recrd and the caailities shown in t peviou wring experiences , so he might ask you sm questions like what you achieved and how you fet about your last job .
I hope what I mentn above will be of some help to you .
Loking forward to hearing from you son .
ts of Love ,
ris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding JBS at summer camps al vr the USA .
Since my mother ongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
In Additionlly , as a tenagr , I suervied a Wolf C pack of eiht to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evning activities or them , uch as treasur hunts d apr cases .
However , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in e college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for th job .
Yurs faithuly
I find it quite difficult to ind an idea of improvement given Andres 's outsanding overall performance .
Yet , oftentimes , being vely respectful plays against him and although he has gained the resect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he soul build up self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover eveyone 's back and taking ownership fr other people 's mistkes .
If I had my own language school I would firs bear in md a major goal : raiing public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I ould trt gather some information about the arket , hat is to say , soca trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and comptitos as el .
By dng so , I ould be bl not only to idenify the stress and weakeses of my prdut and to imrove my performance , but also to dntify customers ' eds .
ter that , I wud me a ls of aret arets nd devce se trtegies to attract hem .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , om strategies could be to inease olie ocal mda presene by posting reguar updates about my language schoo on Twiter and Facebook or to off discont fr sibblings .
Instad , if my goal is to increase adults ' awareness , adertiing in LOL newspapers or oferin intensive curses could prove beneficial .
However , if the right market were both young people and dlts , ofring discounts for amily roups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a saff of professional , experienced and quality achers to set an attractive and easoable ric for the service I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on utomers and stuff to make sure that my marketing plan suceded .
Ad you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can prmote your language curss for example ?
I chalnge you to think about it a try .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that naturl ga driling ig , natural gas pipeines and undergound g storage cotriute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the area of natural gas infrastrcture rn from a few to several rcent more than thse liv in other regio where infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural g industries eqals w jobs which is profitable for people living in weeabouts .
Exploration and xtraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in different branches connecte with the gas industry for insance in exporation , mning , production and dstributio of sale gas .
We can not ignore the ct that companies hic cooperate with this infrastructure will reate aancy os .
Een if cmpanes will ire engneers and spcialists ostl from abroad , they will be upgroh in a number of job positions in asronomy and hospitaiy zoe as they ee to ea and sep somewhere .
According to the dynais of evelopent of the natural nfrastructure , there will be constnt development in gastronomy and ospitalty sectors as wel .
Osciusko Istiute conducted a research which hos that Poland can beneft from extactin and developng the infrasructure of shale .
rece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When planning thei acaton a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Coosing where to go in Grce an be hard as there are so my choices .
There are some rave destinations that definitely tand out , such as Santorini .
and beaches , crystal clr wtrs the frinly locals ly this set it apart from other islands .
Sntorii also has a olcano hic is a petacular sight , even though explorng it can be dangerous !
Another place worh visit in Gree is Athens .
Believe it or n , Athens is one of the most autiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , he cropolis Musm and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athe .
La bt not lest , Crete is on of h mt spectacular islands in reee .
Other than having beautiful beaches and being the laret Ilan in Greece , people can isi ater private parks there , which is extremely fun !
Summing up , Grce is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the ex or few days a gin to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's muh better to prepare for a long time before any exam u a fac in our li .
It 's quite important to be rganized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I set up a plan to study all the ook we had to go through the exam plu revieing them twice .
h plan required my comitmen to aond a 12 hour daily study fr alms 3 mnhs .
of the hard work and pefet diciplie , I was ble to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had an orgnized plan , I would never have got a perfect scoe .
Another thing to add is not being sressed before the exam night .
It 's qte normal to ave hi bac feeling of big tresse and nervousness when exams are appoching .
What is normal at all is being anxious due to the pletora of studs o have fiished and are includ in your ea .
For example , I did a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still ad nough ie to ace my exam .
Two ds before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I ad insomnia the night of my ex . It was n't nough that I n't wl prepared b ao my neves ot torn o and that made my sores .
ver sne I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed due to scores .
Moreover , if I i at getting igh scors , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam with an appropriate me , you will have enough time to know the boa lines of the subjects , but this will never help you soak e deils and understand the coepts lig ehind eve single ord .
That will help you a lot if you do n't get the chance to do everything before your exam .
I cn recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anamy xam ; I could only go through the minute ties of the branch without going through the details .
In e ea , I ad hat question whether it required dscribing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it prectly .
Since I had practiced a lot and used that concept before many times , I was abl to remember it .
It s just floodn without my effort .
So , r sure having nough tie to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a lo tme praration pan is mu better than having only f days to et prepared . If you want to g hg cores and prform greaty , you should start studying if ossible .
Do n't you think o a orth getting the higher scor one could aim at ?
In my opinion , nular energy as chae to replace fossil fuels .
First , clean energy is n't bad for the environment .
The rbon ioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
However , technology is evoving nuclear power plans ae gettig afer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to eplac fssil fuls .
Energy which we get from the sun is only a few percent of wrld eerg production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Whn we have a plant , making energy fr hat is very cheap .
T mot expenve thin in nuclea plat is to hire a quality person .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the wethe is bad , because people ned a lot of elctricit .
If we run out of power entir cities could place the hos , and ts is unbelievable .
Lima is the only South Amricn city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
La was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Lma is a multicultural tradition , then in it coinid a complex mx of racial and ethnic groups ie mestios , European ervians which are the send laest grou and e minorit in La nclude Aymara and Quchua and Afro - Peruvians .
Li is the best example of coloization , imigraton , and indigenous influences such as the tay of Pre - Hspaic legay with architectural onumets , called " Huaca " .
The Historic Centre of La was dlared World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cy ta keps s history rough an amazing achitecture ik balcoes , churches like Francisco huch ich as mysteriou subterranean catacobs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spaih fortress ; through their cotumes as ll as Carnival , this you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you u water , paint or tlc to wet yr famil and eighbor ; tir typical dance caed " La Marinra " ; aso they ke teir istory troug religion were yu dicover e reigios nthusiam hich is represented by la Proeión dl Señor de lo Mlagros ; hei gastronomy is anothr extraordinary nd wonderful exple aut their ymbls , li Mazamorra Morada , el Piso Su ( wine ) , el eviche , o Picaroes , etc .
Lima is a beautiful ity of ontrst , where you can find an iverity of historical , modern and business lces .
Archaoogical ste , beaches , lleys , natural eserves an exciting cuisine ive Peru 's capil an authenti prsoality and sightseeing in Lima is a unque a fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a sectaclar and charming place to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best avngs accun fr u .
Below you can find a few suggestions of min .
e Phone Ban mgt give quite a od offr for you .
Firstly , the rate of nterst is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in ta ba , you ill g a diary as it .
And you do not need to pay any aual fee or have a credit card .
Unfortunately , t an does n't have brances in Britain .
And ll banking operations must be done by hone .
h ecod bank , Royal Savings Bank , a many brance in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you a make all ak operatios on the spot .
Bu hee is a service charge o owning a credit car ( £ 12 per year ) .
Yu do als get a gift as a new account holder , a ful st of saucepans ( do o really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend oe yo frs serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of nterest is higher and you do n't have to pay any annual charges .
And doing oerations by phone is actually very eas and they also give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take are ad e u ry soon ,
Yours Anieszka
To : L6@yahoo.om
From : oS7jM@yaho.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am hat I have the opportunity to be the chosen person to eal with the sound recording at Lay Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Mius Boni , who recommended me fr this event .
I could n't believe my ears when the phe an and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the oncet as soon as possible to see h ood I w in the recording .
What n I y ?
It 's my ram ince hildhood and now I wa ovewhelme we I relise hy hoght at me to do th uc a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am la hat they were satisfied with my service .
I can hard wait for you to se you nd to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yrs ,
onut
I have been skiing for mst of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started hen I s six with equipment that s very aic compared to ht iers use hse day .
Every dy as as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on e sloe .
My parents would take me to a getle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try singing on r wn .
The temperature was oft evral degrees blow zero , and o would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slp .
My brothr showed a ntural tlent for the sport , u I ft quit uncomfortable and scar .
Little by little I improved my kiin skills and by the time I was a teenager I really enjoyig myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fn skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend taking as a child , taking ew lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorus gh choo subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the differences I 've selected aove are not accidental .
I am extrmely interested in gaing experience in the usiness ield .
Two subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utili and put into perspectie h knowledge of undertandig busy cnepts and has ive me a sold academic foundation .
I 've also prticipatd in various group wrks and cas projects while in ig school .
I am planning to admison in the university of my choice in order to obtain a bchelor 's deee .
I woud ve to associate with xtremly tlented students , lectures and even professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numeus aspect of any of the prefernces I 've selected .
Acadmically , I 've always been a very determned n studios individual a I would be more than illig to devote myself to homework necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for etra - curricular activities .
I was the presint of the Business Studes Asocation ( BA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) an apain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer payer who lay a midfield role .
Unertakig a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply h nowldge gained at high school into a business settin , as well as develop the communication , organisatin and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czeh Goverment Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czeh Repblic beore akig ny se in applying .
I found out that zch epulic is a country with rich possibilities or students planning to study abroad and is curently undergoing rapd soil changes and tansformation , making it a fascinating place for students of an discipline to study in .
Czech universities prvdes high standards of education , intrationally recognized degrees , oder capuses with foreign facities , and an affordable education warm a friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe I will have the opportunity to experience bot modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Aove l , high quality dance il ke me reay for the future .
Another ajo reason hy I am being motivated to study in Czeh Reublic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeia is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strik freuently , and learning in so parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Rght now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of a university lif acdemcally , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for exra - curricular activities and communiy services , would make me a competent dditio to th any of my proposed unierity and he Czech Republic Scholarship team .
I believe that I have a positive contributio to my roposed university , as I will be actively involved in tuent event activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for l .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a cpable and dedicatd student who has te committent d dedication to working hard in order to be a grdute , whilst at the same time , conributing greatly to my propoed unversiy in more ways than one .
A o is mn 's bs friend
It is a we - kon fat tat pple ned to communicate with ohr people .
However , they are nt alay satisfied or aen io the society .
He sek solace in someone who he would feel more comfortable with .
h bt example is an anial with great qualites , a og .
g 's personality is n of her bet qualities .
They are friendly , bubbly and in a good way , they are great to spend time with .
ey feel when their mser is ad and reat by uddling up to them .
It makes people frgt about their problems and concentrate on the things that rell atter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to rin back a mie on people 's face .
n that is what hey are there for , to make make people happy .
These hiry four - leged animals are all very attractive .
One of their jobs is to wat out their human amily .
So if they sense that their wnr might be in daner , they immediately react by barking at a person or a ting thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the ond bewee the dog d their own , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs get a lot of attention , which is not true .
They re really not that hard to take care of , bahing and roming do n't ne to be done eve y . They just need to be ed and walk egulary .
These people need to walk , which could also be good for their oner wo e spending al day at work or in school and need more physical activity .
So hvng a d could so emid tem to live a healthier ife .
In conclusion , dg mke really great pts .
Not only does the prtet ou fom nyting hat do you any harm , but his amazing personality and the loe he shows to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loes their people , he wuld fid time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , ty truly r an et rend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you se details of my experience at " Z k adventure " , one of the two well - known centres in the country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty shar d rawlig through different obstacles .
Although it made me fee ehusted , I oun it extrmely enteaining .
Lukil , I was f enough to finish the exercise without having any probe , However , I may need to rain a litle bit oe bore emaking on his activity .
OK climbing is another of the challenges I had to climb .
Desite the act at it turned out to be hrder than I expected , I managed to reach the summit .
ou ca n't imagine h reward is the feeling of being on the top of t untain , ftr sch a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be be ractis canoeing . You are likely to fel scared at right , but your confidence will be built up uicly , thanks to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the the activities ordered by the centre was divig .
I felt so overwhlmed that I d to give it up , so if you do n't want to ms out this great opportunity to , trut your trainers , ice tey e highly qalified .
To sum up , I trngly believe you will have a great time and I guarantee you that al the teachers meet with the safety of , so you will enjoy ot without getting youself into trouble .
For all these reasons , ti cnte 's rally is worth a vit
Write soo d let me know if you need to know anything else .
With et wihs :
Sara .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelope on the dk of my om .
I checked t dress as quickly as I could and I realised ta I was right , it was fom ris ...
My mother had wrttn me after months !
Sne sh ef to Pars last year I ha been living in t schl resienc , which w n't ceerfl at ll , at made me feel really depressed .
But I had her lettr at last , so I started to ad it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holids I to buy a plne ticket to Pais and go to visit her for at least two monhs because e was missing me a lot .
It felt so god when I saw that my mother had n't orgoten me .
I hd never traveled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a reat chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of ov .
ear r / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Edit
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief hinse Editr lisd at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of h Chnee University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Canoese n Mandarin ) and have over ten ear ' experience in publcation idustry .
Currently I am working in a rss as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative bt aeful erso who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that c work el with coleagus , pesentabe with a strange sense of responsibility .
Attache lease find my rsum n prtflio o yor ference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would lie to discuss my qualiicatios further .
I look forward to hearing from you so .
ours faithfully ,
hen Ki Tsou
Education is a milestone in u lie and having a good education is the main door to the labor maet .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education tr to spt in homeschooling a solution for their children 's ducaion .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to so of these parents ' opinions , " a paved rod " , it
is a path n sutabl f eveyody 's cars and that compels us to eek thr rous .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wod - ide phenomenn sce nly a ew countres : e UK ,
Nada , and especially the UA , can bost .
There r lot of countries that do not
acep homeshooling as a legal altrnative so far it is just an isolated happening .
The pollution in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in ligh of our constitutional right to freedom
Meanwhile , atendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educaional and emotional fredom supor this aternativ way of learning .
Homeschooling may ree up time for complentary activities such as music , sports , and evn family li .
Homeschooled students ' succss has been bacd up by the esults on tanardize tests d the recogniton of prstigios universities .
ow thog , before hmeschooling your kids you also have to consider the sae aount of roadblocks :
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough soilization r your children , nding up bin a frutrated parent without enough money to make eds meet .
As f as I am cocernd I want to think about oeschooling as a we up cal or educational
sytems .
However , homeschooling will ner succeed if students do not have ight skills .
As tradtional education sems to be exauted , w technologies oen up as " t
solution " and blend learning is h utre .
geographic and natural environment around the buldin spae , as well as the neighbourhood , woud be suely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicaes a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
In aeas exposed to cataclysms , such as arthquaes , hurricanes and loods , people should have their house bult of esitant maerils .
Steel or concrete structures would give the eired ffet in this paticlar mate .
Environmentally friendly buildings wi be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclble or recced materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be l by daligt on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panls on the roof , which is more and more pouar een thee days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computer in order to maximise cmfort and nergy effiiency .
Urban hosng iues ( such as population grth ) il be solved by exploiti som new aras .
Maybe it 's uilding castles in the air , and houseboats and apartments situated above the streets seem to be a perfect solution to ue up space that would otherwise be waste .
Although people would keep mllin er w to modrnize their fancy house ( d bragig about it to neighbors ) , they will tll ned a wrm , cosy be and a nice cup of tea .
I think that will really change , if they live in a concrete iory tower .
atch it or lose it
The pha d the mga of a good team is Trus .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to thrw the bl blindly to your teamae and he s to catch it .
Oherwise the opponent will have a chance to score a point .
re you an elem layer ?
Handball is one of the most dnaic sports in the world .
er eigty oits can be mad togeter in ity iutes , if o ee or .
This shows o rapily the gme can change .
You lost all and makes your team the loser of the game .
I started to play football when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but with years it became a passion .
What I love about this sor is the speed and the uncoditional tea spirit .
If you want to practice handball , just be sre tt ou have a good em and do n't forget the fu !
Trithlo : A famous port throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , this is a conequence of the etr hors we have to work pr da a as a way of relaxing , we nd do a sport as an effective way of taing the stress of our bodies .
In fact , we see many people jogging and cycing these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or in the evening after .
espit these two being h mot popular sports amongst atts , many more are just as interesting and prfitable .
One of them is triathlon . which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mitre between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging . As a reut it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practice it nyhere . ich ean I do it ear ome instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I c choose the lcaton that most pleases me and therefore fully njo the tim snt doing it .
Triathlo as becme mor populr oe te ast fe year and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in a dmanding sport requires tm and it is important to establish a goal in order to be motvated .
You ms n puh yourself too ar .
A gap ea between schools nd olege sons a great idea for those that av o dcidd what they want to study .
However , there are som questions about whether it should be verone or not .
Fit , I would like to PT th arguments in the first of the year off .
o everybody has financial posibilities to pa for cllge , so takig a gap ea to earn money to ep ih the bll it is time well spe .
But that is not the only reason to take an EA FF .
Most people think this year is to travel to other countries and spend your im in arties . u This is t true . You ca travel to deelop your culture and do volunteer work , so you n become an ette person .
On the other hand , many teens who take their off en up ending it in the wrong wy .
For example , things might ne n as they had exected for multiple reasons , such as not having enoff mny or nt eting a b .
In conclusion , people should tae a ya off , b only whe they have all planned and ko for shoe that they have the possiblity to do something uefu with their ti .
Hlo , my name is Ida , I am 27 years old d I am going to ta js a mute of yo time to explain why I wll bnfit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in turism at the University of the World Heritage city of Aceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptinis in a French sars hotel for 2 months and a half in Bdajz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and understanding of ront desk opeations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to or company .
I am lexibl , a gd team player , and can ok uner pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pe - intermediate level of Italian as we .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the mst activities I enjoy , in order to scover new plants and cutures .
I also oe meet new people from other countries and exchange languages .
Yu may contact me through fHJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or jst al me on 6 12 34 56 .
Thanks so muc f taig the tme to listen !
" Frme Gie of a " is a fantasy stry written by J.R.R. Tolken .
Set in England in the ist cenuies of the Middle Ages , the toy is about the adventres of Gles , a farmer of the villa of Ham , because a heo aainst h wiss by defeating an iant .
Wen t dagon Chrsophyla comes and deastates everything . He is se tce gainst him , not only anaging to defet him thanks to the agi sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiing his treasure .
At the end of the str , Giles becomes an ineendent king .
I liked this story fistly because I ve fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another univers , making me forget every le .
Secondly , it is ery oiginal because it is a sor of parody of taditonal lgeds : she is an ordiar eron , knights revea erful and nompetent and cases are won by words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adenturous and Tolkien 's ironc style , bad also on the comia use of foreign words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or adm ,
I am writing this lttr to apl for e position in A Summer mp ha I sa dvertised in a locl newspaper .
I am interested in workn in the Educatinal Intitutions , or in the ocil Cre .
I have recently graated fm Social Sienc University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and upervisig Crses .
In addition , we had to ae on years of volunteering in Youh Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am glad to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have elpd my parents wih upbringing my French june siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizaons as supervisor d uto .
In the pat years I have worked in the cout Organzation , hepng area mnage to organize activities or hildre .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the neds of a types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , apy personality and in that I enjoy the halnges of working in outh environment .
In addition , my studies and experience I have auht me to be acurte and efficient in orgizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faitfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does travelling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does boaden your mind .
When visiting different places , you ge to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you larn another language different from your own one , ve if it is just a ew bsc sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travllig also helps to e the way in which other people live , to se ta yur wa of liing is the only one that exists .
This n hel you to undrsand ht nt everon acs to many things you do have acces to , and to ralie that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even frsh water , which is a basic resource an we ed to te fo granted that everyone ca have som water to drin even thuh this is not te .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we tre many different cultures that are greater from our own cultures , and we see how different from other humans are .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your mnd .
I want to buil my caee as a lly - fledged researcher d acdemicin .
To fulfill this dram a D degre ould be the most essential fotsep .
I am mostly ntersted to pursue my D in Theoretical and Compuational Chemitr .
I have a pan to study the equilibrium properties of the onensed - phse system .
I would also like to rry out my PhD research in the development of transitin meal complexs which are used as dru aaist several human diseases , as cosmetic mterils and as photni and optoelectronic materials in devis .
I also fn Aalytial Chemistry and Enionmental chemistry re the interestin feld of chemistry because of tir numerous applctions .
I believe that I possss the strong motivation and ntellectual ability to build a aree in one of the peiously mentioned felds .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as wl as research with students of University of Barial .
Is is no fuure for public transport ?
The number of crs gro up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in big ties , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more opulr again .
In some cities it 's en forbiden to drive through ciy cente without some serious prmission , so there is no other solution tha s a public transport .
But what is more convenient - wn car or public transport ?
Well it depends .... hen you travel on your own , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driv so it 's your decision wherever you want to go or stay longer in some pac .
You can listen to our favorite music or raio .
Yu e the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one pace to another to different places , your own car is the best sluion .
It allows you to sell much oe at your pace .
u think about css .
Think how much you pay for petrol nowadays .
onsider as we mny das do you ave for vacations .
Maybe cheap airlnes ar better ?
Being back to your everyday lfe .
Most of us live in a big city and face problems with the traffic .
What if we e he public transport to get to work ?
Well , you do n't have to worry about arking space and you can read mor books on he ay to wrk .
iply , you can use the wa to wr as an additional time for yoself .
Wha else ?
After work o a go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the environment is important , you just thin out pollution .
Let 's reflect on again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , it is !
Is travllig by r more convenient ?
Well , it deen !
W sing the first nration ?
h first narration attracts eaers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the eaders ge in the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , we thor nvied us ko wt inside the person 's mind .
Feeling that the main character was talking to us , as if we were all involved in this ae , the whole thing seemed like rall happened .
Fain the urdr irecty aks he horror pnetrates to our hearts .
How does the author create a or of horo for his readers ?
e auto created the horible atmosphere by describing the cene , the disordered mid and the sund of heartbeats .
First , h cene ha described e urde mak eadrs ca n't help themselves emrging h images in the MD .
Just like the madman 's plan wa happening right in front of us .
Hen comes to h soun , the heatbats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is e elment that pushes he whoe sor to the cima .
Every tie when the sound of heartbets started arousing , something ensued .
In the irs te , when the madman herd the heart of the old mn , he was going to il the old man , and he i it .
The second time the madman heard hearbats , he became impatit , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killd a dismembered corpse .
At th se tme , the heartbeats also drage h readers nrvus a xious .
Finally , I think the wa te ator wanted to express the disordered min of t mman 's intonaion .
The ole story excet d of his frctio He confessed te crie , the aman used he intonation that is extremely loud and stay , to tll the reades he process of the crue tng that he h on .
The sharp ontract for t ca and his cruelty , leaves us stro impressed with the main character a totally insane and ray .
Shivering inside r arts , t orror increases .
" We 's go to the forest to see the arety of animals which are found here " , Max told hi fiens ne suny afternoon .
When al w set , they started their trip to t oret .
When they arrived there , they started to look around tyig to find different types of animals such as irds , abbits and der .
a His friends too walked nder hn , acroos t ier , hey saw something tat looe like an animal lig on the grass."Wat 's that ? " , Mx said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed e rver and the rechd the plce hre the animal as."It 's a er ! , its g is in a ap " , ex 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animals , they could see see it was uffeing , so they decided to free the der .
By hi decision , Max ok couage to open t rp , but the er did n't bease ts l a inurd .
One of M 's friends brought water from the rver to give to the deer .
M cut a piec of s T - shirt to cure the animal .
fterwads , he anmal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the da finished , Max and his friends returne oe feeing happy because they saved the animal 's lie."What an amazing dream ! " , Max whipere to himself as he got to bed hat igt .
The question is : whether is it possibl to be famous without journalists ?
Probably are many people in sw - bsnes or political life , who are reay to do anything to save their private life .
Generally , people are are famous for two reasons : because of their ob or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandalisg private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paprazz .
Tee is a rule , probably one of the most iportan in public ife , at ss mor or es : ' It is important what are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is ust what they are living f .
Tat is w they fte le to sel information about their private lives .
El problem starts when journalists injure their celebrity , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi ruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those wh do not want to be pular because of scdals ?
In mos cases , they ust doing their ob as wel as th n , leading to boredom .
nd wen fnlly paparzzi notice that there is nothing thing in the lie , they just leae them one .
Sumarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
d I hp they undestand , their dream is to save their relatives .
Gea food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person high ove to et , I consider enironmet , ualty of food and rie as he an factrs to decide where I should go .
Lat Finally , I visited a bad nw Mexican restaurant in Libon called " Las Fichas " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and ccordin to them , because the god fo and funny environment .
I went to dinner with with 6 friends in order to have fun and a good Mexican fod after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the FD was gd but te ries wr oo expensive considering the quantity served and the messy svice .
We faced continuous problems with the orders such as : dishe from another tble served to us by mistake , the rinks were served with a cnsiderable design and the bl was shown even though askg ( just because we inished the dinner and our drinks were til on the tabl ) .
For my uck ( or not ) , I me a friend of mine on th da fter that told me that she had iner at " Las Fcheras " efor an in e pnion , as an exian , that restauran was terrible .
She also told me to a eat Mexcn restaurant just opened with rice and ood service .
I t urius about this place and ecided to go atr .
" Pistola y Corzón Taqueria " is the first Mexican restaurant that I oul eat genuine exican foo , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tmto auce for free while we were choosing the man dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , for free .
We chose " tacos " of ea with guaamole sue and it wa absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , te offeed us a cup of tqila to inis or viit confirming tha ret places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
irt of all : THANK YOU FOR YU IME AND YOUR HELP WT E ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of ll , HOW ARE Y ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my ase ... I 'm mch better o . I 'm settled ck home and I 'm up and unnng , even though my uncued sprained akl has gone worst .
Last ee I borowed an ankle suprt and two crutches , so ever since it 's been etter .
Furthermore , today I have sated my 15-dy rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpn around in no time :) .
As you see , Malta was a g puch ight in my stomach , which I sure I d n't need ! :( .
The cors d t organization et much to be desired ; d as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( unn enough n the ones of the other participants ) , s not sufficent to over all the coss ! :/
Anyway , CS d mgi sav me right at her lst secon ( her last ngt ) , and I eft alta her a smile and warmed up .
n for that I want to THANK you one again .
Back ho , everything went fast . I should have gotten used to it by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have te or much .
I have bn toaly immrse in looking for jos and in e translation of the science aper o a former sudent of ne .
He decided to finish the second half without my hp , so that was a bit disappointing , both fr te felng of nt meeting his expectations * n for the ( I 'm gessing , as I do n't know anything as et :/ ) ess money eaned that it ill ma .
* Srry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of your native language skil oce again : here " not meetin is expectations " , could be subtitutd by another expression .
ht I doubt there is a difference between the two : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / he task .
Tere again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
ro Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself th I wa n ounting on , proved itself to make woners ! ! !
I ecided to go back hom ( I had been the whole eek at my friend 's pace , as he lives in Madrid and uite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every da last week ) , and I started etting hngs one . Pls I gave a st to my nke , hih ws very much eeded too !
The two - day e - night trip with my mother siste wn quite el .
h place we were visiting was very beautiful , a ven't ben because of the iitations for my anke , we would have gone or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be singing my first English lass , which as ten much long tan I had pan .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gne to 3 interves so far , also fo English classes ( one company d two acaemes ) .
Aout te pictures rm amla , uld yu wi a bt more ie ?
I haven't fid time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to srt u , I was ( n is ) definitely NOT a priity .
Do remnd me again , tou , if ou ee tat I 'm forgtting , oka ?
( Please ! ) .
Dd u sk Mario about the spekes ?
Because hatting is wy faster than writing ;) .
I 'm go na go no .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Receive a bg from ( YES , FINLLY ! ! ) warm San .
Glbl warming d its cosequences in 15
The Guaian 's article " World 's cimate about to eter ' uncharted trritry ' as it asse 1C of warmng " , published on e 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scietists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milesone of 1C arming will be broken - ausd by lobal wring - which will lead to unnon consequences in the future .
Th Wold Meteorological Organization made knwn publcl that 015 a been the hottest ea on rcod as as it s caused by carbon dioxide on average by burning foil fuel .
These problems just announced recently will be told about at the UN sumit in Pas in a few weeks .
Thn , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting increased cabon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcr , director of the Met Office 's Haey Centre , claims the habit is to blame for climate changes as the se of temperature or the caastroph experienced by scintists when global warming rose eyod 2C. This oinio is also represented by the British Secretr of energy an climate chnge , mber Rudd , ho cnsidrs the cimat chane to be on of t greate roblem in nwadys ' politics u to s consequences on enomy , global security and he iht ainst verty .
She stands up f a lobal deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading sttes and therefore tes clmat targets should be a ol - modl or the countries .
Furthermore , clmae scentit Ed awkin xpects a continuation of global warming , clarifyig his sttemet with the exple of Centrl Englan , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in genera leads to more natural disasters such as floodig , heatwves , aer stress and ls of havess .
Facing these consquences , a 4C aring would be even more daging accding to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA stu pointing out that there woud have been an ice mass grw in America from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a sml chance of 5 - 10% that ths prognosis will come true , acrding to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the sdy has already be proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the AS study shows a different result , the majority of scientists s global waing as a dangerous habit for ts lanet in trs of living conditions , environment and economy d as well as an issu of the UN smit in ars .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which t C operates .
Fiften whaling nations formed the IWC after whle populations changed .
The organisation was initially up to cnsrve whae only to the extent ta they could continue to be used by humans .
The imortace of World Heritage proprties transcends ntionl boundaie .
Their quality are extraordinary , so no matter which country they are found in , and they experience hm , they eok a sense of joy and admition .
To be included in the World Heriage Li , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of the selection criteria .
The World hritage is important because it attracts tourists and its landmarks are chrishe by everyone around the world .
It is also protcted by UNESCO because they have ound new animals or lant ; there are endangered spices in the area or have a significant imotance in history .
orld Heritage is the designation of places on Earth that a of outsandin universal valu to humaniy and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate an enoy .
The sit is the property of the country on whose terriory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protetion and preservton become a cocern of the international World Heritage cmmunit as a whole .
Another advantage o si to be incibed on the list is that once a country igs the Conventon , and ites inscrbed on the rld Heritage List . The resulting pretige oft helps ras awareness of citizens and governments for heritae preservation .
Grater awrenes lead to a general ie in the level of the prtection and conservation given to heitage properties .
A counry y also eceive finanial assistance n eprt adic from the Wrld Heriage Committee to support activities for the presrvtion of its stes .
The disadvantages of sites not icluded in the World Heritage List ar that they stes ot unded so they ca n't protect them for ris .
Moreover , they reminded in their list of stuff in danr without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , sites in daner unls the answer to ten criteria should be protected by UESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to invet new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural hertage .
Cicet is my assin .
I le playing , watchi and talkin about it .
It 's my fit pason and I am following it as far as my ealiest emoy goes .
Crcet is a team sport which teaches us tem work , cllabortion a stric discipline .
It eahes us to overcome idividul weaknesses and gain advantage of other strength to succeed as a person .
I have been playing cricket since my early childhood .
Evn when I was a kid I sarted paing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gives me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills apidly .
I followed cricket rligiouly and have watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tenulkar is my favourite crickete .
I am a fan of high batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketin sills I loved his ability to handle pressure a cam nature in all situations .
If someone was to teach me about cricket , I would advise im to watch bttig of great like Sachin , Drid , and d Ointing .
To arn moe abt bowlg e should watch Akram , Warne ad rli .
I will also dvise reading more about crckt on cricinfo.com .
It has nice articles , reews and statistics on many players ' games .
Raing biographies of two famous crickters will also help to understand the isghts of the game in deep .
Criket is gng hough rough hase du to math fxig and bettin scands .
But I am sure it will sron u of this and will spread its wings l acrss te word a once Gin ive it lover a magnificent show .
I met a friend out ne we ag , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bcke Li ?
I ca n't so think about it , because I realized that I ha never stoppe to think about my lfe in such a dee way .
By the way , do you know what a ucket List is ?
It is a ist of things that you want to do before you e .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me really busy .
About two weeks ago I I watched a very eatiful movie called " T fault in u stars " .
It 's bot a en coup wh ar diyng because of cacer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
His movie touched me vry deel . It made me think about ife about how people used to live without apprecciate rell important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't elp thinkg about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live me , but I have no idea what is this " moe " .
efore hat I ad aays toght about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but I think that before this I wanted to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it a necessary to meet someone , from another entire different ulture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another erson became curious about a very pround ar of me that I have never thought of .
Well , in November I will travel to Europe , the one certin hin on my Bucket List that I kn .
Hover , w I have an wul feeing about what I am oing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure th I ee change something , d I think hi " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I think it 's for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of the story ( and even preumbly scientific ones , I st a ) , Hitoy is o an unstoppable march toward " prorss " , whatever ta od mas .
It is an iclical process .
Rome ad its hayday in the first entry AD , u jst tee enturies later it s only a shadow of its past .
ose later period Rans wer n't even be able to make te hih qality cement tat heir ancestors were bl to make ha technical mastery over jus enturies earlir .
And who can safely sy that that centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge ha ey ossss now and take for granted ?
No one can assure suc a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will ange dramatic in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its pk , and after that there will be a decie , unt a new rk ges .
But let 's pick the Word ar hypothesis for a second .
The ide world is the only one in which we will see a dramatic change in peopes ives in 50 years from now .
But tee 's , on ts day , prospects for a World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will ea to a new World War my well be in istence right now for all I know , nd no one , or only a very wise and intlligent pole knows about it .
One day in the future another Frnz Ferdinand could be klled , and that symbolic event could seve again as an esuse to some country declare wa to another , but the tre underlying cues ha actually le the countries to wage w against ac ther would ae its rot in much older tims .
As the causes of the Second War hd t rooted on events tha were the outcome of the First Wa , a third , hypothetical , could ve it oos on a ps conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's o dgres nt that , that 's another topic that falls byond the scope of the satement on whh I am supposed to write a composition .
To : a
From : Simonetta
te : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays re comg !
Hi S ,
It has been a long time since we were in Ouc and now I am very pleased that we are in Hlida and we can do something together .
My family and I re going to spend some dys at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm ready to mention to yu muc fn I d there and why it was great !
It would be terrible if you came to me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask yr arent 's decision ?
In hi am parents ar cl and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a arg number of sistants and the camp is situated on an entie island .
In addition , the se ws purpose built to rovide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a broad range of activities promoted by he staff all with the purpose of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pl , a tennis event , one football court , canoeing courses and so on . What I like most is the scub diving , and the equipment is prvded .
Te Cap is el - known a opens in October and it will be ood to book within two eks . It is always overbooked for the eriod my parents can take care of . What do you think is coming to us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answers !
Best ihes .
Simontt
h clock rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the coach watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front oor .
Outside stood an extaordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephnt hunter .
I was aken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead , she started crying .
The an as it turned u was my fathe , who had been missg for 15 ears ...
I di t know what he still ive .
mother d always ld me he had died in e r .
I think she this fr my wn od .
I was very bemused by the situation and d n't know if I ked him or not .
In my dreams I had sen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It ws er odd to see him in my house .
ow we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on el .
It is great to be a fami again .
Th Grnd Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by many buildings , such as the city hall and t buildings of the corpoation of the iddle Ages .
hese were groups of people in the sm wk , such as carpenters .
They helped each other d the lower ones tauht e youngsters .
Smetimes , he became very rh .
Eah building is decoraed with the blazon of the corpoation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Tda , most of them are hosting aés , shops and restaurants that tracts a lot of tourst , but there is also h cit Msem .
The squre is coerd with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place or history because it is the oldest Grand lce of Europe and it is a rt of the oldest neighbourhood of Brssels which is md of narrow ave stree , ol and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , the seveal of h buildings have been restored and we n n beter the beautiful buildings and cavings .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is laced in the centre of the squre .
Wawel Roal Castle is one of the highest raked monuments in the history and culture of Poln n Europe , so during the ty in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The First Castle , called Palatium , was built in 1t century , the rmain of it ae still visle iside the walls .
During the two centuries it expanded , and in the 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until tod - the most representative remnt is probably amus rcaed coutyard .
Durig he tours the vsiors are hown seveal room and apartaments , as well as oya Private Apataents ith ar - famed tapestries of Polish kis collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Cron Trasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stoed , and armoury .
Apart from the features , there are als many marvellous exhbitins in the Castle containing its history as well as other coections .
Whe visiting Wawel Royal Case one a no ot eein raon 's De - a ave unde h Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the daon of Wel lived .
I recommend visiting Wae Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousad years of Polsh history .
Everyone will fn ometing interesting mong the arity of exhibitons and tours , and for certin it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten ear ld . hic means an ery long tie o .
I think I am very lucky because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a naura way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it ws better to earn money by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in nglih , in a way similar to how we learn another language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lied with English families for a few weeks evy smmr ine I started studying until I was fifen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have litl heoretica knowledge about English grammar rules , I ca ke myself understand in a normal conversation , d I can write an email to a friend without akin too mny istake .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge dvance English exam in order to est my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol in a cretive writing course in order to rctise my writing skills .
Along the course I had to accomplish so writing assignments and subit hem to be ealuated by my peers .
And thr I realised at last two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to rit better ; the second o that eve hn ou can me yourself generally understand , It is not so easy to be recise .
An agican us a dove and a black hat , u it wold n't be a agc so if he did n't know how to perfor t tick .
In e sam way I have the ideas and the words bt I a to admit that I neede to learn the rle of grammar if I wanted to do the magic ick of precie and stylish writing .
Adoscence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in whol le ; what they do n't remember is that it could be the worst .
Adolescence old be comaed to a foggy ah n vn when it ses you ca se something thre it , in reality you do n't .
Ts awful fo is compoed by our uncontroled emotions .
Nothing is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This ould be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : eve tie we scover something next or we say something , they judge us or begin sme long speces to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adoescent is that it confuses our minds .
As I said , dolecents could be confused and if there 's a thing that gets under your skinn is whe moms a something and then call us to do the opsite on .
e wos part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , we 're not clear d thn they also get angry and they 're surprised when we 're mad at them !
It 's ue that we should always be respectful . Sometimes it trs to be impossible because they do everything to proke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with your parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only feel angry for them but also a lot of loe .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's n t the usual love you 're used to feeling , as love for family or friends , but it 's a new in of lve .
It 's a kind of love ta strugles ; it makes butterflies fly in your stomach , it makes us dive into a so of imagination .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the kind of love that does n't make us fall sleepy at ight .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as cry as excting .
Adolescence is like this , hee 's a omet ht another magical ad in the following oe you drown in the dark .
ear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest sow in our mll illage .
I rally hop tat o ave a nie elcoe d , lease , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of pace to vsi ut I will recommend a unique place , without torits , noise and crowded beaches .
In the east of Mallorca you 'll find a small and beautiful village called Rà .
In the municipality of rà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevat .
Sa Clòia de San re is a traditional fishermen vilge .
Nowadays , you can see some fishermen ihing on the seashore .
Here yor adventure stars .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bike and just enjoy the slendid panoramic view .
You will ride nil Ca os cans , one of the st enigmatical eaches of Malorc .
Ts zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , I mut go ridig a bi or walking .
As Mahado said , " se ae cain al aar " .
It means that what ms important is the journey .
oing on a ike na he eshore wit the reeze of the ea is one of the most relaxing experieces in ie .
On the way to Ca los cn , you will see typical Mditeranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tarells " , naive trees of the coast of Mallora .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient oeliss which have been recently resore .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sad and surrounded by tre isted of trees .
There y ca ractise different spots .
It is a perfect place to go divin because you an different ishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
There you a ao ak a ane and paddle in h que sa .
A at from sports , you should note to different culture ponts .
On the one hand , there is wat remains stnding of edificatications that wr sed to keep the smal bat of the local fihrmen save frm storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical twer called " Talio " .
The function of the Talaiots is not cler yet .
Maybe it was a defensive towe or an important building for igh - las people .
It is important to ty in te ach utl the sun goes on .
he unse in tat plae is dal nd romtic ( especially if you are with our partners ) and you will see the sun going behind the mountain ane of Tramntana .
Fm that seashore you ee all he Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain ange of Tramuntana d the cpe of Formentor .
Ca ls an is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it a , of course , I ne to as y a favu : Please , kee the secret .
Regard ,
Pla .
Introduction .
The aim of the report is to show the best qualities of your entrance after one ya run .
Tis reort nalyse te wo main faciities : h gy an he swimmin pol .
The gym .
e machines are fantastic and t stars is very elpful with every customer .
On the other hand , h g is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
he swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because I legh about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too dee , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to im .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are so far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one lac to another .
Conclusions .
The facilites are quite modern and the staff r excellent , but the job could be larger .
Furthermore , you woul t heaters to vod cold in e passage way from changing roos to the swimming ool .
The Futur of Pulic Traport
When we imagine uture , we really imagine oercrowed buse and rusty subway tans .
As technology evelop becomes cheaper , more and more people buy peronal cr .
A car allows us to mo fste and not to depend on others .
Travalling by a is also much more convenient .
De th all the years of public transportation come to an ?
In my opinion , it is not tre .
Firstly , there will lways be people who will not be able to afford to own a car .
Stdents , children from lage families , o people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , as can also train on public transport .
Science fictio ofe depicts utre as the world where cs are ued frel .
Anyone can use the naret ar he or she sees .
Thirdly , eole do not have inrn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will ee private transportation .
This is also te for older people , who lose the ability to drive as hey g .
In conclusion , public transportation is t likel to sappear , at least during the last tens of years .
The chart above gives us information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and octrs in our different countries .
According to the chat , the countries with the lwes alaries are Conry A and Country B.
Thee os r called " source countries " , which means that they proide a suly of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , te couries ith the highest saliaries are countries C and countries D. Differently from tw countries , hese ns ar called " dstination countries " because the health care service is rovided by foreign ad qualfied workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , customers earn twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the la country , Cotry D. In tis , the salary ga beween octor and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Cunty D , the salres of doctors are about thee times higher than those of nrses .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dagerous and drinking to the extent that ay people want it baned , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous spr . There are relatively common deths , tragic injuries and even disese .
All professional boxers are at risk of being killed in the next figt .
If not killed , hen more likely paralysed .
There have been a nube of cases in the last yea of a few oxrs having trgi loses throughout their ranks .
Hi is ust from elte few , and there are more fom the beow the .
or dets would occur through boxing if it were aned .
Te spot would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , an otor , paamedics or earl stopping the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this gog on the people part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
angerous dogs who were trained to ki and maim in similar uneround dog fights have already proved dadl to innocent people , the boxe could be ev me at ik .
Once boxing is banned and no - n gow up knowing it as acceable there ll be no nterst in boxing and hopefully al round interest in violce akig towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pus and clubs and less violent ataks ith litte or no eason .
change the ruls of boxing slightly with much impro t safety risks of the sports and not detrac form the entertainment .
Tee ae all sorts of propoals , lghter ad or cushonin gloves cod be wn , ban uches to the head , headguards worn or ak fights horter , as most of the serious injuries occur in th lattr rouds , they wuld al show off he boxers skil and tallnt d still be entertaining to atc .
Even if a bxer is a success and manages ot to be seriously urt he still faces serious consequences in after life diseases that attc e brans have een knwn to et in as a diret result of being , even Muhamed li , who was infaou ? ) both fr his oing ad his quick - wted intelligence nw has Alzheimer disese an can no longer do many eveyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than bong , moor sports and even mountaineering 's risks are easy .
oxrs chose to ox , ust as racing driers rive .
In many of the mority wrks of modern literature , there is some mphasis on rebellon against oppressiv fces .
Although such a show of srngth by these wks ' characters is sometimes viewed as a vient and hrefore negative ontribtion to the otherwise insightful thoughts of the author , it is this conlict upn wch many toies of thnic American literature re based .
However , such a rebelon is not clear in each minority wok , and , therefore , the roduct of thnc American literature can t be corrected as mrey t result of years of oppreson .
Rather , this ever - changing d eer - chalenging aspect of minorit literature creates an especially important ncessty tht ech wk be considered individual as both a prduc of years of strugge and a work inheently distint from any other .
In the minrity works , the onflit and rellion presented acuraely relecs scity as a whole , although the mother 's in The Joy uc Club rebel agins such forcs as arranged marriges , Tita in Like Water o Chocolate fihs to overcome family traditions , and te Idia tibe in ove Mdicin tuggle to sere thir inherent rights fro the US government , the characters ' coflits reflect similar conflcts of other cultures .
ebellion is een not as a dstint fre in minority cultures , but rahr as a binding force between all cultures . For Celie , too , esists her aranged marriage in T Color Purple , the murderous ovs in Jazz reflect Tita ad Pdr 's destrtive pasion in Like Water for Cocolate .
Rebellon and confict are emphasized in ethnic Aericn literature , but they e rtrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphass changes with each work , and although fiure of uhority are particularly opressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and T Coo Purle , other minorit wor including Love Medicine and Jaz do n reflect the clearly defined authoritarian iures nor the bviou rebellion of the characters ' resonive action which h previosly mentioned wrks show .
This again iples that tese etnic merian pieces of literature c not be catagorized as merely reblliou responses to oppression , but as individual reflctions of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tckle his question of philosophical optimm in ' Andide ' ?
Philosphical optmism -l'optimisme- is the philoophy thing eeryhing occurence is for some ood .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this phiosophy .
In Candide e rpreentative of hi philosoph is Panlss , the philosopher developed at Thunder - d - Troncks .
The whole book is a crticism of l'optisme .
r exmpl when Candide is forced to jn he Bulgar ay he is beaten almost to ath but Candid does ot cncern himself because he knows it is r hi o oo - in fact , ltr in t bok he uses his training to ecome a sldie .
Although this uld em to be go it is ot because of his rining He kills two men , a Jw and an Archbshop with no hestatio a then prcees to ill his weehearts roter .
oltaire show his dislike of l'opimisme we Angloss , Andide and James are caught in a bad torm at sea in which James is rowned a there r nly hre survivors , Cande , Panlss an a Aior .
That storm was aused by an earthquake which destroyed the city in which Cadie was born .
On arivl they see starvatin and death .
Candide is obviously horrifd , especially hen the silr begn pillaging the ity .
Cndide oks to Pangoss for an answer but Pangloss can only ell h ha some goo will come out of it .
Candide , although rmaining te to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Thi is no more than th when he rives in the new world , outh America , and has to lave his darling Cunégond wih the Commissiner of the province .
Candie c not see at possible good n come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killig the Jw and Arhbishop because they were Cunégond 's lovers .
Through the book we begin to see o anide gradally lead aa for l'optimisme or perhaps mr imporatly how l'optiisme is shown to be the philosophy of dspair .
The cnstant belief that good ca ome from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant fow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in Te Boo , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thune - dn - rock because he ebrces uégnde , he is ped ito the ry , he is caught in an earthquake , he is amost kild as part of an aut - da - fé , he ils the chrchen , he is alst eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the it continues .
Candid 's li is govened by his belief the goo will reval .
Eventually , of course , he des marry Cunégone , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
h h bome gly and grew worse by the day .
This illustrates emhaticall the fol of l'optimisme .
Candide has rvelled the world in search of Cégonde , th th hope that he will marry h after all the roble which he has gone through . Of course , he does get Cunégonde but at the price of e looks and personality .
Voltar , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of ptiism is one of despair .
It would be tmptng to think of famous European mmunities as an embyonic Uite Stats of Europe ; especially when we ear poitician talk of the importance of European Unity .
Hover it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
Whe the original 13 American states reolve to form what is the United Stte of America , they wer nent on forming a political as well as conomic enity .
They were prepared to yield as muh of their own svereignty as uld be essential to allow the nely formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance a threfore struck in t cntitution to allow indvidual states as much slf - government as possible while ensuring that , for example , in military mttes , the central government spoke r l .
It is true that today one still hears the dispute about tae soveeignty and attempts to return some power to the individual taes , but no - one challenges the fact that , on matters xternl to the United States , the government in Washington represents h sl poliy - mking body .
In Europe it is quite clear that any person who wants to s a political union of t country sne thi would produce a formidble international mility force .
However , it is equal lear ha while there might be sm uified political aion flowing from the European Communities ( such as a seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falklan Islands isput ) , t ommuities wer intended as puely econmi entities in the first place .
Membership most certainly involves some los of national sovreignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the communiy by a smle majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something whh no States in the United States could lawflly do .
We re still a very long way from an ingl arliament of Weter Europe with the power to make politicl decisions for ll ; and even ith 19 approaching in a single month , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very id .
h supremacy of Parliament will ner be challanged .
Its ability to make and break y aw - mde by it or uroe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
ven if today de laws that would unte it lly wit Euope and relnquish ts sovereignty for ever , it could tomorow repeal all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or ca not be bond by any plitical body means that it can nee lse its soeeignty unles a majority of the people wished it and Parliament cnsented .
But wit the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us urng ourselves of our xeophobia and ever wishn to be fully intergrated in Europe .
Evn now the Chinese tunnel as joined us to the coninent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing aln against a hostl world .
Actually , the problem of a single Europe woud run as deeply as the benefits that we wld probably ltimtely receie .
It seems to me that for the past fw cenuries , the British has lways considered itself to be detached from the et of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she lied herself to European powers , uch as in imes of war of extreme distrust .
Brtai had ben eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but without hitoy , he 'd been more concerned with his overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century togh , her empire was diminished d he he had to face montig responsibility in Europe .
Because of the habit of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is bas largely uo preceden , hat is jdge mae law .
We have established a system of law which dat back centuries , and which is very kno n repected .
There is very little European influence on the law , of course in man respects it will be h sa , but the lack of influence will dipay many differences .
With the reaton of a single Europe , new aw will have to be accpted throughout the continent , and it will cause both cofusin and cflict .
The British tend to be very proud and ossessive of the law , and changes a wl aus illfeeling a dscontnt .
Of course , the same oints ll apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Should there just be a system ?
h country is usually against major changes and something as fundmental as mone would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Or individual monetary syste I suppoe , ould be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It ca be idea that if a singe Europe was ceate , problems would aie ovr its fundamental plitial concepts .
Of course Itain would se her sovereignty , as would the other nations of t nin .
It has been suggested that the Ingle Unio could be based on a basic edera structure , wheeby local autonomy could be avd , u the uni as a hle could work together in a democaic mannr .
In a certain event , en if sovereignty an ost , some national personality would be preservd .
The fact is that , hen united , Eroean nty wod still in essence be divided .
There will always be aects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a hle faes the ae problems , and terefore , if a singe Europe ceatd , unitig ritan , the problems could be eat wit quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved ter is in a European unit , they oul do their best to chiev democray d promote it naionally , so that individuality is preserved , and ta a of its positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really result from her isolated .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and h fears of lsing it are very get .
Whether this wou await to be seen , ad wld depnd complete on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelngs of the genera ubic and the politicians leadng t countries .
With 192 now only a year away , he queton of wat a Singl Europe il ma for Britain ecoes increasingly elevnt .
I firmly believe that the advertisement of 1992 will result in a loss of overeinty fr Briai .
This loss ee howeve be negative .
In fac , in political , enomic and defence terms , I fe tis relocation of sources d ill be very positive .
Whils to a cetai etnt I may be gulty of having an iland mentality , I ould n't go as far as to a Briain is in danger of being al conrl oe to faceless beaurorts in Brussels or Trasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apprnt , but especially so in uope .
Ti proes will ontinue an Europe the rest of the world il eole ith or without the participation of Britain in these proes .
It is my believe that Britain must be involved in the decisin making which eentuall decide the new world order .
Whether to be fly invove , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices ill involve certain aspecs of our soverignty .
In relenquishing and thus centralisng cerain pows , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to incrase the verll imact of Europe on the world stae .
As aly demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of deence can be oth impressive and effetive . Wlst I wuld be reluctant to hand over all control to deence to any central body .
I can see a future for soe form of European rapid ration fore .
Whilst an extnt cripling dfence cos could be cut , this would n necessarily lead to a reductio in the size of defence available .
In poiical , regardless of legislation , Britain and the rest of Europe are becoming increasingly cosmoolita in terms of the populatio compoition .
e Norh Sea will icresingly oe to present er uddle as people between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to get in fully with its European partners to adapt to the changes in demoraphy .
Politically , we e moving loser together .
Possible problems should be stdied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us in his area , I feel Britain ould be especially creful .
Whilst ot pretendng to flly undesand is system , I do know no system c lower interest ates , and inflation while raising growt , with the possibe exception of the agi Crce .
In the rea of the single cureny , again I think this is inevitable .
What is important is to as tis curreny on the strong currcies within the E as opposed to an aerag based system .
To conclusion , I would y a sngle Eroe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain mu o concerned iself with lack of sovereignty but gain of European eqivalent .
If we mi the bat I think we will dra efoe the et ot mes .
When the tety of Rome was sined in 195 , the foudatin was laid for a new " continnt " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would ot be created quickly , but or several years .
When Briain entered the European Community in 93 in a national referendum , the dete began cocernng Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the date flared up agn over how far Britain should be interated .
The rest of Europe is preparing for 1992 but the British seem to be dcidedly heitant .
The former Prim Ministe , Margaret Thatcher was not en to ad Britain nto nitd Europe because she lt it oud ed to a ls of her sovereignty .
There is no out an intgrated market would have multiple benefits for countries inolve .
Businses and other tradig organztions e prepring temslves for 199 , an the singl market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier cntrols allowing free lowin transportation of merchandise .
There will be business boms and free competition with the removal of protectie praties , aog wth greater redom to trael .
ay Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain already , with decmlization , the new Euro - paspots and now pou sterling being tied to the EU .
Ty I feel British is ein pled into European .
urter changes are forecs r Britain , effecting dy to d aters , to crea an " uopean Standard " .
This may make Britons resentfu of Europe d tird of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires e central institution to co - orinate all moveents of gods and policies .
Will the people of Ritan be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
ay pole would not .
Wil te day coe wh t ound serling is turned over by the EU ?
It ay we ut will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single private mrkt would outweigh y natnal drawbacks .
As the date gets neer , the awaenss of Brtons to Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider positive effts .
Will ritain be run in Europe against its will ?
eraps as moe of Ritan becomes " Eurofied " , Bitos il ake up n see eir sovereignt is being aken wa .
Britain has never geogaphicaly en a par of Eroe .
We are in the EC and we should be able to benefit from free rade .
We ave ben an island for too long - being ndeendent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic roces , which many people would not want to give up .
A fuly integrated marke with Britain as a full member would be to he derimet of r pltical system and consequentl leaig to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of ta about a single Erope in recent years that it is hard to believe ta it will be pn us soon .
o that it is a reality , d not just a pobbility , the uestion in h mins of many Bitns is ided : Will it mean a loss of sovereigny fo Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an onomic perspective , ts is a problem .
The benefits in trm of ct - cutting ing to dog things once , istad of twelve ties , will be enormous .
Frms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to dote more time to research a development , and thus produc will imrve .
urope will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards comptiton .
To look at things on a more individual level , ery member of the nw ingl Eope 's standard of living shld increase .
A great potetial of ideas and a greater number of exrts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable ad bter - iformed indiiduals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key ams , with the idea that if things are simler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be happier , ge on better .
If this is so , they should also be better .
Idealy , there should be more equaty , ls crime , greater prodctiity and reater conoic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sigl Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be rmembered hat t only ds British have a small populatio compared to the ajority of the mmber states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this ater ?
Well , Bitain has cute a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possile that it could become engulfed in the new Singl Europe and lose its identity .
Brions ( especially those from older generations ) then feel " st " and that they do not really " beln " any re .
h new Single Erope may be too ew known for em to make their allegiance to it .
hen thr is the question as to whether all these idealim really will succeed .
il there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will his never coe o because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although sml , is more often tan nt in the fe of international matters , tkng a definite snce on what it considers to be right .
Ha it then not got uit a lot at either , its character at eating , in integrating itself in this Singl Erope ?
No one would dispute that it is a difficult uestio .
h ft remins howeer tt next year ( in 192 ) there is going to be a ingl Euop .
This , as everyone is aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of ac others , the more successfu the Sing Europe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this fact to sow an eampl by leading hw as regards tolerancy .
en we will all be able to look at the picture in a positive way .
The Europea Comuniy is a unique grouping of twelve sovreign European emer Stats who are committed to the development of closer conomic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and poltica barrirs that have traditioally divided Europe .
In prticulr , the community eks to facilitate great mvment withn its frontier ; mvement not nl of goods b of ervics , capitl nd peole .
However , the isu of sovereignty is certanl much debated ; to at extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at a ?
L us lok at the founding of the European Community , believe we discs the issue of sovereignty in more details .
There were svral atteps at eacful university after the First orl W , onl after rope had again been destroyed by war was the futility of national rivalry became apparent .
T olitical and conomi exhaustion of the European states called for a first start me radial aproah to the re - ordering of Europe .
is fresh strt came bot because of three main factors .
Firtly , w uroe 's realization of her own waness , after hain lst her age - old osition at the cenre of the world sage to the United States of America and to Sovie nin .
hee suprpowrs were economically , militarally and political stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was h cnviction hat miliary conflict should in the future be avoided . After all , the two great wa had bot begn as European " civil rs " . Thidly w th common dsire fr a better , freer world in which international relations would be condcte in a more orderly a .
One of the first major moves towrds European integratin was the creation of the European Econoc Communi , in 1958 .
Its mmbership a gon ro the ten original ounder countries to twenty - the .
One of the mos nnovativ eatures of the European community compared with the international odis is that h meber states ave cded to it a part of their ational soeregnty and endowed it with its own sovereign pors , which they used to opt acts , havi t force of national law .
This nove appach to pooling original svereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introuction of community olic instruments , which enabled greater sope for national policies .
Al of the members ates aree in principle to h iea of a single maret by 992 , owevr ah wi hei o interests to be safeguarde .
His is that nne want to sacrific their national sovereignty , may want unanimos voti , not majority voting .
They see this isu as a hrea to their regulations and laws , and could fesee a drop in standards if they do ot stay firm .
The situation is seen as a heat to the countries in question h do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the contiution of the prores in the ield of European unit is sucssul depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unty develops and c be satisfied , the heat will sbside as a eling of idetity takes over .
On Britains roads there is an increasing volue of raffic .
h ro network is no longer able to catch this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
To emedy this , the government has started ading four ane on oe strechs of or motorways and consruting ring roads and bypasses , with mixed receptin .
hil th roa syte is being improed there seems to be an edless seri of roadwork which restricts the holidays and causes frthe dla while the roadwrks are in pla .
The ability to cope with the ammont of traffic by the oad system obviously increases the ri of drives having an ccient and the drivers he to be constantly alet as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It miht em an easy solution to this problem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Riways .
People are not taking to the rail system because of i lack of integration due to the recent pritisation of different aras .
It has been sow that different companies care about different fae from exactly the same rute !
The mn disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the b service are normally owed by different companies . It is probably that it is ot possible to walk oto a bus of h train .
If he srvice wer iegrated there would be a tie able to consider the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they uld n have to look forward to a ln al , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the al system and reaed bus services . This would get people off the road and onto the train .
To improve the rail service , trains have to be timed to arrive and depart at Ky ties i.e. arrive at eigh o'lock and arrive at half pas si .
T tri d b companies ve to liase wh other d the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. e sae prie or le as it would cost to go by a .
e basic dilemma facing the UK 's ra and road transport system is the genral rie in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and tour users every year , consequntly puttin pressure on the Ks transport network .
The biggest wor to the stem is the rapid rise of cars uer outside ajo cities .
Ms large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport tus ereasing aor conjestion in Rus hour periods .
Public transport is he obvious soluion to to the increase in population if it is made cheaper for commuters , clean , sy and eficien and it could take the strain of the oeroaded British ads .
For commuters w regulrl travel long distances , transport sold be made more appealig , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorys and other transport lnks are constantly being extende , widened and slol turning the country into a concrete ungl et it is rying to cope with the inreas in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major prole created by the mass of ehice transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere amagin th oze laye , creatig sg nd foming acd rain . Tourturing the Earth we ae living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propose easy , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
Te modern taffic jam is now a faiiar situation to nearly all of the western world popultion .
If every time we use o as to travel y distnce we in ourselves in a 10 mile tai - back why do we still insist that that we travel in uh amander ?
To ilistrae my point , if every ti you ok a rai , it stops for 2 hours on h trak , veryon ould stop taing it .
So why do we still insist on ravlling on the ro ?
The answer most likly lies in 2 areas . First , the ttiude of mn westerners is that " it is the right to travel in such a mannor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far d aay no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone le in tipee n eat oa bean sp , however I do agee ha omthig soul be one of the vlume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The goerments answer to the considerably growing number of trafi on our rods . it js to back mv , hy ar o even atemptng to treat the ase , thent mor and more people are now driving .
We all fee that we have a dvie right to be on the od .
W ?
Do we , he westeren wrld ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the ight to e the resources of the rest of the world at t environmental cost ?
ust because we can n be bothered to get out of bed a bit early to catch public transport .
Even if we i , th shory so does the rest of the world .
That could cause disasterou impliction .
Thd easo , is the problem with the public transport system , for example rail , is decreasing so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped usng trains because of the in standards . These people were forced onto the oad , routes became nprofitable and so wr closed and srvices cut back , foing oe people nto the roads .
The whole system has fmed a spiraling crle of rd use .
That has not been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to private ail companies , profit mtivted .
The vital , mll ril lns may be closed . priviously they whe subsudised to ma up th loss . Now private companies can n afford to do this , so many will coe , cutting off all towns and villages .
The only way to stp the ircle will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public eam to be appethei to his id .
Toy bong has become a very popular sport , with TV chnnes competeing or coveage of certn events and foreigners making a lot of money . This is a big business .
Aar from athletics , oxng seems to be the only popular international sport which Bitan can still hold to head high .
We have suprb fightr with excellent characters such as Lenox Lewi , Nigel Be , Nheem Hmed and o beloved Frank Buo .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the rin to rattle abo the skull hic a use a brain clot or TMR .
La ear , the fight between Chris Eubank and Mchal Watson led to calls for bxing to be anned when Mihal Watn slipe ino a oma and was in a critical condition or some months .
ny ouths in lo income areas e boing as ' a y out ' , a hance to me to the o and ar a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people wh regard boxing as barbari , brta and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for bxing and that it promotes violence .
During the fight , ours is violin , ut tis is contrlled violin . Fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
l precautions are taken to ensure a safe fiht .
During figts dotors are kept close to the ring and have t athorit to cll it f pematrely if required .
Ambulnces are also kept on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cre , I do not bleie that y fighter entered a professional boxing career without knong the rss .
Because there are so many budding young bxrs , to ban boxing would be inae , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are more dagrous sic les protctive gear is used and her usuly is n't a doctor present .
Takin th to account and condering tht boing is aout hurting the opponent . It ca be id that boxing is a relatively safe place .
Although fr less popular , there are other sports which are more brutal and dangrous , such as ' hai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to us their kes ad elows .
The argument continues , t or the sake of safety in h lng er I do not think boxing will be banned .
which is good news for the majority of the British public .
o en , oe ring , only one can leave . Draati it a be but basically that is the min principal of boxi .
though thoughout the yea ruls av ben made to dilue the sots sadistic id , shou boin be annd ?
Every tie an oxer gets punche in his head he ain mes viorously inside his sll .
Tis cuss h boxr to lose may brain cells per boxing fight and if hi occurs frequently then the boe can d his caee wth brin damge .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is the reason why why the banning of bong .
h sport to say he lest is actually a lod sport , the simple reason being that the ea of the sport is to ' kock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a salesman and the de of oxin is an art for , he says at he does not specifically go to a boxing in to knc his opponent t t to win on points differences n to give hris Eubank his ust respect most of his fights have en won on pint .
But there is one example - the original example , the first reason why boxing should be banned . te ragic accident when Michael Ason was ut ito a ca by Chri Eubnk ( the man who does n't specifically go into fighs to kno h oppositin t ) .
Thi exampe oly proes to wel what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to me te ' spot ' safr having rungide doctors . banning is the first bu the to and btto of the argument is ht any blow to h had case consieable daage .
The is alwa mu peculatin ove the dangers of suc a brtal spo as bong .
This is ephasisd exaggeted when a person in the spor tragically dies .
A recen death in the ring as invitably le to a puli uproar on the safety of the pot , d the cotroves oer whether the spr should be bned or not is yet agi t frefront of iscusion .
Let us consider how a professional boxr would feel .
He is clearly aware of the anger and brutlism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to her a boxer regret his choice of career .
Th exitement of ben in the ring , he jy at ocking an opponent to the canvass , and the money tat is ther to be made by overwhlming ators which eep oxrs fighting .
he one at is there r the taking fo the very best of the be is Ridiulou , and with some top boxers earning us money , such as £ 20 milion ( or in Mk Tyon comebk cs , $ 60 millio ! ) it is hardly surpisig o imprtant t sport cn be to ome .
Lt us cosider ' Sk ' views , recently beginning a subscripion to iw Tyson " nex Lve Lits " .
This meme of the public does n't want their spot to be banned eiher .
o let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a figh ) .
hese individuals and others learning about the traic incident in h meda protst aains te sprt .
h family , who re originally ganst the idea of their sn finishing college early to take up h sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and ptriotic the British pulic ft Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the old , t how sorry mn we to etun to boxing after his head inuies earlier in the areer .
This hyocritica vi is shoved by so may that whether bxng should be banned or nt will remain a controersal ssue for the forseeable future .
Ther wer 2 main objectios raised agnst the introduction of the atonal lttery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be ttle more another frm of taxation . , In fact , none ha , a tax on the por .
The second dmin objection came from charities who redicte at charitable dnatios would go don with the intoductio of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the cuse that some of the money spent bying the icke would go to carty .
There was also some conrovrsy over the awarin of the lottery oranisation francise , which eventually en to Camelo , whh was not se as the strong ctender for h bid : other companies or consriums romise to gv more money to charity with lower running costs .
Rihrd Bronon promised to give all of his profits to cariy , but was rjeted .
My ersonl objectons to Cmeot as the ottey organiser is ha an arg propotion of the consortium are American or foreign frm . For example , IBM has a sizeale stke in Calot .
The British national lottery is run by a British firm .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to iv 45 pec in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to proise tt mt or l of this money would go to cariy .
There has also been some controvers over the aloction of money .
For example , 3 million pund wre given to Eton , one of the richst public schools f a gymnasium money is also given to the Rya opera house .
The lottery seam to be a everse Robin Hod : sealng fr e por to give to the rich .
h lottery has lo suffered alegations that it is addicti , especially with the introduction of scrtch ars .
It ha ben clime that it is so adictie the pole will sped al their available cs on lottery tickets , ol to be disaponted .
It has been cacuated that only 4 pece ou of every person received by the lottery goes to caritble causes . The rest is tax the prize field , profits , and the so - called parties .
It has als been calclated that the chance of winning something substantial is one in millions , ie highly unikely .
It ha als ben alegd that the jackpots ae too high . st of the ucky winners have sad thmelves that the jackpot had runed their lfe , alenatng them fo friends and families .
In conclusion , I think tt the ltery should be rtaned , but t in its present form . I think ha jackpos should be cappe at 2 million dollars , and the prize fund sred beween more people : it is better to foten eople a fortune than to give fourteen frtunes to ne eson .
I would reove ay American business interests a give the chariy mney to more disrvng ' chity ' .
Now the lottery is in pace , it would be very difficult to remove it rom soety .
The computer has is one of the most influential inventions of l time .
Computers now dominat the majority of goverent businesses , science and communication , as well as other areas of Han li .
In many ways , it has akn the lae of the man brai in performing alclations through proesses .
The st obius example of is is the clculator , an instrument used by matmeticans and scientists for making numerical calulatios .
This made it no less necessary for th humn to erfom calculations a run through equatios , and so need not understand the principles behind thm ay loner .
his , nortunately , ean that his genius ientist is beng repacd by the powerful copute and its actor . He need only to know which buttns to press .
This seems an extreme ve , as there is sil uch in the world of science which omuter c n't calculte , bt this ma ot be the ae centuries ago .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping rcords , the hve ut superseded handwritten TX , ( in a decade people well acd a computer screen and keyboard in ther General Studies xm ) , They used to transfer money across the globe , even to crte rtwok and to entertain .
Compur generated pictures , including ' fracta ' pictures , Dawn rom equatios , seem to be mo popar th han pinted imges rm an artistic iaginaton , and couter games se to provd ore entertainment tan a ga or tivity tht akes place in e rea , pysial world .
Vitual reaity laws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or o the computer is taking or fr the hun brain , it has certainly ade he uman bd l but redundnt .
People , businesses or rporations are contated at a point around the globe by fax machines , e - al and the internet , and oe people prefer these orms of communication to ctually meeting fc to fa .
Mey can be transferre instantly without even needig to mov th atual money - the physica cinae does n't mate , it is the computer records that state hw muh ch bnk has owership of .
However , he dea that the uman brain is no lone uefu is ot entirel tue ( ! ) Computers a not deal with human beings , have no capacity or cope with anything outside their expected situations , and can ot dpt to w situations usg judgemen .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with it .
So , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - uch as an ailine plt , and there are still certain tasks ony a human ca perfor , and they are often among the simplest .
he cie , they cheered .
Their aes expressed joy , trump , pride and perplexit .
The old watched in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something next at every moment and ot wanting to miss it -- I remember da it as the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Aer l is tme ! " , " I never thought it wou happen .
" We all felt like we were liing e of those hitori moments that you ea abot in a history book and wee proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 198 , th y hat the Wall fell in Berlin-
Wihin a few weeks , the excitment had gone down and people had turned their attention to the rect news .
ut or me , ths had ben n't start .
It is the start of what our President Buh likes to refer to as " o " winning of the Co Wr --
It s th eet ht gve the people of the Eastern Bloc countres th hope that their efforts were in vin -- Fo 40 yeas , h people suffed une a communist regime that had not allowed them to eress their reel or to leae their homelands in seach of a new lfe -- Man people h tried to escpe .
Some have been executed -- I have a teacher whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He left his mother and friends , his whole lfe ad ad t out fr Western Europe wit little money .
I ad aed him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he lt --
He told me that nthin could compare to h he h been fced to live his life there -- Ev though I ad lost touch with this classmate , her father 's wod were it me as I watched the events afraid in Germany --
After the Germs ' success , the people of Hungary , chekosloaquia , Polad and Rumania rose against commust regimes as well -- Nw , hee yers ter , commusm as we oc new it no loger exists .
Whether the people ae hppier or n , I can not say --
However , ey wi have at least se th " other sid " .
Ther strugges and hoes of forty years wil n't have ben in vain -- Witut e " events of Berlin al " hitoy robably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things wud have tund t as te d --
However , history can not be rwitten and as things started , the Fall of Berlin Wal actively conributed to the resurgne of hope a struggle in the rest of the Eatern Bo -- As such , it a the catalyst orc ta led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , thogh we y not aways remember the other significant event , we il always remember h day e wal fell --
The development and implmetation of technology has affected society in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of echnology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be oth the greatest friend and yet the greatest enemies of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this rt of the world , He he provided a iving for my family , he ae cured my grandmother of cacer , a ey provde orizos of pe knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , ngineering , d ee the ls oet corners of o ives .
The use of e meas huas av developed is wherein the real problems lie .
lone , they do no threaen us , b when they become welded it certain spect of a certain people in our society , hey ecome poentialy h most dangrus thng tha we ol in our hands .
peaing from my experience living in the United States , I have come to el that technology has become a big detriment to our young in particular .
People sa that technological developments have made our WRL uc smaller ,
and I ould oncur tha a reat majority of Americans live in their own personal cloets .
In schools , eography classes really , if ver , exist .
Before I went to SPN , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Ichian .
Explaining that Spain had locted across the ocean did not see to improve their understanding of the layot of our orl .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that n not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am an elf - sufficient- I do n't need n help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very lw on the priority list of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unabl to study a foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language , Gern .
Since I was twelve , I had an inense desire to learn Spanish , n because of the circumstances that I mentined before . I had no choice but to it until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn the language .
Mine is the only experience like that .
The ffort of the United States has caud our minds to be har , a a wld hat is grwin wile my country lags behind in its selfish lf - satisfation .
Ma eope argue nowadays that , in the advt of computer technology , your metal arithmetic is poor because a aion of couch potats .
It is true in a way , the development of prtable calculating machines ( calculators ) means that we no longer need to be able to wrk out sums in our hea , t at st ?
In many shops , the cashir appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums ithou he aid of their till .
In many areas , the skills of human judment have been eplaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
ay people have ad their b positions taen ove by computers .
Filng caines are becoming a thing of the past with computer databes .
But even such menial tss as flinging a goo fr us .
They encourage organisational skills and idiness .
When people talk about artificial inteligence ( AI ) , you er mn funny tales fr people wh are convinced that t oputers re coming live ad will eventually rule us .
These re just high ratings of people who have nothing to do with computers and w do not realise that ehind very computer is a programmer .
Even ' arificial intelligence ' needs to be programd .
Humn rain still working out how to buil the omputrs , how to progr them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the human bran redndan computers can help to improve learning skills , thy n teach , test and mrove u linguistic ills .
Rflexs re mproved ( an this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer gas , the very sam things tha pants say turn their children into ' zomies ' .
We expand our magination and convert ides into compte simulated mdls , enblin us to eign buildings and ra etwork .
The omputr revolution has t made our brains redundant , it opened up ras of them we never kne exstd !
It is now the ae of the computer .
Alms everyone owns a computer or as aces to one .
Computers owadays e a fr cy ro the ne 's in the pat hic whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly clear grahial representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both areas of work and education .
But are they suc a good thing ?
Wh calulators cm alon a drp in ablity of stuents for menl arithmtic w obvious d ow hy are used for the simplest calculation .
T computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage lazins in h gneral publc , w ok out something yourself when the computer can do it f o .
This is very time - saing ad efficient but it causes people to forget basic ideas .
For nstace , spelling is no longer as important as it was ou n simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absud .
For the youth of today , computers ffer lessons around the world and millions of cts nd figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , ths is illin the imagination of children te spend hors sitting at a keyboard taping aa in the doom and goom of the use .
They should be enjong themselves and gaining experience for themselves instead of reading about hem on a flat reen .
It is ai hat you can meet people through computers and ve ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are osing their ability to communicate and form relationships .
Compers can offer scpe from the u - dr routine of daily life by means of games , but they are nd - nubng un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from comters , it is that tey can do te wok f mn .
Ts could lead to high unemployment .
Those people wh wr wt computers r lng perios of te every dy ac problems .
The reetio of tapping keys al da and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is ighly oing to do am high or over aan .
Computers might be the future but at part will be ve in the future .
There will be no ed for people to go to school as the cold be taught at home , eople will only talk d the only caer available will be fo computer rogrammers .
I agree that computers are helpful . People should not lie through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should rd ooks and live more in order to reai the lost imagiatio d ense of adenture .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be maly by high and calulator and computers should ony be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer adits again ae normal people .
There are many benfical aspects of genic manipulation .
These include : the erasi of dentification of hrful hereitary genetic disorders and the development of ybri hg - ield crops .
There cn be no ubt that genetic manipulaion and gnetic engiering have had high beneficial effcs on mayares of society .
However , people dislike or r prjudiced ainst , entic mnipulation .
Partly tis is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tpers with the intriic components of plnt and aial lfe is beyond understanding for most eope , and therefore provokes ar .
What eole have lso becme awr of , is the immne power which genetic maipultion can give to certain individuals .
Ts has en very good at eed popular culture ( he ilm ' Juraic Park ' being an obvious refeece pin ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipultin could become the possession of uncontrolle unregulated indiidals who cold it for ' evil ' uroses .
This te is an argument against centists bearing mor responsibility for their or .
Anthng in lf can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to tb someone , a r used to run someone , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everthing in life , if misused , ha harfl effects and gnetic engineering and geeti manipuation are no exception .
Though the possible example of gneti manipulation may be fr rger tan a kitchen - nife or a , tis is still a subjective view by present - standards .
Certainly we would not hod the makers of a ca or kithen - nif repnsible for their isus , nd there is no reason why science should ea major burden or responsibility if genetic manipuation is put to misuse .
The fudamntal flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or mor responsibility for their work , is that if thi had ben pplied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , ite imply , anything above te m h ' eistence .
Scientific research is ot a crrupt , t an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering myself .
The other funaental lw is asuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a poces of discovery rather than creation , ie .
No - ne created gneti manipulation , e pwr of it was there to be discovered .
If a scientist does not make a discver then another on il .
It is unfair to have a responsible scientist in the front of uma knowledge , who discovers something when another cienist in another part of the world may make discoveries indeendentl atrwards .
The oly argument for making scientists esponsible for their work , is that quit often , and particularly in the area of genetic maipulation , it would ed a scienti to isuse knowledge , and therefore they hold be responsible .
Whi genetc manipulatn is relively new , it takes a scentis to car it u , and terefore an individual scintit can be held resposible .
Bu , gnetic manipulation bcomes common - pac in the future , and it is not only the domain of sientists , the original scientis ho dscovere geneti manipulation can not be held responsibility for others ' misue of it .
hee r many problems facing the Monarchy .
oe of them are listed blw :
The diviion in their family a the figh between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of he divorc .
The other problem is that people s ( or think ) tha they do n't do anything but they are ch and also hey do o ay a txs .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolished in many countries and many countes a republic , so Mnarchy should be abolished in their country too .
here re also argumet gainst abolishing the Monarch .
Fr examl many people li the royal family or ey are hont people not lik the politisions that lwas lay .
I hin e oal fail and onrchy is tadition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is kno by oya fily , so I do t think it should be bolished .
In the e I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablised a geral election should be cald and then see if the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is e fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a tstbe .
T egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will ptimise the chances of frtiliation by the sperm frm the father .
Once fertilisation occured the frtiised gg is implated ba into the mother 's womb and from thr on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally more than 1 egg is tan rom e mothr so whether t eggs can be sore and us later if the pregnant is unsuccesful or so that more than o cn be ertilised at the same time to inceae the chances of a successful pregncy .
It usually lads to ultiple births ie .
TWNS , tiplets etc .
There are people wo re ains hi , saying it is no atura a is it fair to cid aving started ie in a test ue , as they believe lie starts from the moment of coception .
There are hics involved whereby wo is given t reament ad o is n't ?
, what treatment should be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on iro fertilisation for oe prsn hen e ame aunt Money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are o this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
omen w would not normally be able to have children cn now do so with invitro fertlisation .
hough no fault of her own s could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to her womb and it is only far in helpig e to have children .
Technology has progesed fast d in doing so ehis and practical uidelines have been lf behind .
I tereore think it is necessary to have certain reguatins ie .
1 . Fertilit treatment should not be given to pt - menpausal women .
h menopaus is the body 's means of telling you that you are too old . A young boy is no longer capable of bearing a ab .
Last year we was a case of a post menpausal woman who by lyng bou her age as gen in itro fertlisaton ( VF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or orall correct to the child since e mother would be claimn her pension when she wa at riary hool and her mother would probably di wile the child in her tes .... the should be a tet tt is given beoe ( IVF ) is carried ut to ceck the mother is no pas the menopause .
2 .
girls should ot be taken fr aborted foeuses .
The foetuses ll av been aborted for a rason fo exam : if it as t esut of a rp or if it had congenital deformities .
Thr shou be a guidlie or law stating th eg should only be taken from the mote and not from the feuses .
Science has moved on rapidly since the century .
any new tigs have been invented and many things medcally changed .
People in our modern tmes are able to have lvr , heart and ve ung transplnts . There are complcations but any re successful .
People re be to have a wol new bod pply if thers cks the suficien requirements or , a bn marow transplant if their blood lcks white cls .
Al the aoe are crrie ut on livin people , but nowadays bioloical oeratios can be rried up on humans whi ae n en born .
Bodies an strt teir days in et tubs .
This is called ' in viro fertilisation ' .
This is en an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to e test tube and the egg and perm found together .
T test tube is ten inubate for a few weeks and when the ftous is formed , the baby is then inered ack in to the mother .
The feus is left to row d deelp aturally .
His idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsucesful re able to have children .
An in itr fertilisation alws th by to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond a it wud eel apat of her . ti would not happen if they ouple aopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is hn a oan o is pos - menopausal decides to have a baby .
Natue a lready take ts curse to tll hr s is too old to have any children so why should she have one implaned no e .
It is n fair on h child because when it rows up nd al ts friends e lying with thr 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her person and I am sur she ould not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mohr may e of old ag before th hld as le a full lie and this uld be ufai to he child .
T children also have to look after their mother in her od g .
As e ftos begin i lfe in a est tbe , n e perm is selected , is means hat the sx of the perm could also be selected .
e way the e can be chse is by using genics .
Two women have 2 X cromosomes and the m as on X and a Y - chromosoes .
e w in which the s can be slectd is that the g is always X and the perms nucleus can either ontain an X or a Y chromoome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they a be sparated .
If h mote ants , a boy Y sem is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an icease in sex , and a deine in the thr .
As a result , this would redu the population as there would be less people .
lo appen if most people the year you are orn ar men d you are a woman , hi would be the unpoplr sex .
Science is progressing all the time , . Is it for the bes ?
The reason for the people of Brita to eat EF at the moment is the heart of BB .
Thi is a val isase that atacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumumng te ania .
In cows it is comnly know as ad o dieae and by any ow showing hese gns must be destroyed and not sold on mat .
h roblm is however the signs have not swn for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It is passed on to humans through eating parts of h animal such as the brain which are affected and ese parts r usually sod and put to ast foos uh as ef burgers .
The rest of the et however , is relatiely safe n atin , e.g. a steak offrs very little chance of te isease being passed on .
However , the British press hs ignoed this fact and blew the situation t of proorion nsidering only a ry small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eatn beef .
Another reason for British people to stop eating before is pu or vegetarianism , although this is a much larger threat to trade than the former point abut B .
These factr could have a considerable impact on the agiculural industry , preventing the sale of British dance livetck not only in Britain but fr expo aswell .
With global comuncations as good as they are now , it cold end a scare acros t wold abou British Beef - ided France and Germany already have restricted a smplaces band he sale or impot of British ef of fear of its afety .
Altogh British frmer have learned to iversts , airy farming and the se of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether the switch to hee or vegetabl rops we ade , subtantial change would be needed to change the situation .
People through e United Kidom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by imges in the tional pess and television news of cows who ad contracted the disease bovine spugifor encephalapthy , or BSE .
The so - called ' mad c disease ' seemed to make os lose al ens of balance and rection , stumbling around drunkenly .
Hrd where this iseae was und ee put down efre the symptoms progresed further .
Those ws which hd been p down were n us fr food .
Th disas ifets the c , d is en present in the spinal lui wihn the pne d the brain , and as the pinal fluid is usually spilt in the saughter of cattle f mea , the risk of contaminatin of the et was the industr as no willin to tke .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jao disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no cler lnk hs yt bee established between the two .
It is unclea hethe incidence of CJD is on the rise , or ether awaeness of the condition is heightened , t more ses , from all ages have been diagnosed recntl , and the disease is always fatal .
Te government insiss , perhaps corectly , that ritsh beef is probably safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstainng from eating beef .
any schools have removed beef from their eus , subsituting pr a hicken , a sas of beef have shown a dcline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where evrybdy to bocot beef products .
To compensate , beef prie have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef cntinus to fl ro favour , the ef industry 's future would be unclear .
Bf products are prsent in many foodstuffs , such as jellies , ruit gums , and , of course , stock cubes .
Should these products have to fin synthetic or substiute ingredients ?
vn if the entire ef industr were to grind to a alt , the numerous hed of beef attle worldwide would no longer be neded , bt , being bred as they are , for be , they wou be used for milk prducts .
ll beef a be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting ame .
For ef to be rpreived or codened , we are forced to talk to scientists to establish whether or n BE and CJD r like , a , more imortatly , whether the latter can be conracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
The ntion awaits the verict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no prven link .
Wah this spae .
Personally , I believe that it is merely ha m is better at diagnosing CJD no ta ever before .
Some reports sy that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we ould al alady have it .
hatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yokshire pudding , thankyou .
There has be a big cae in rtain recntl that some beef may cntain BSE ( bovine spogiform encephalpathy ) which may lead to t human equivalet of CJD ( Creutzeldts - Jacob disease ) .
S is a disease in cs tha effects the brain and sial tissue ( or offal as it is someimes kon ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar or of the disease found in humans , it is thought that ' mad - ow disease ' ( BE ) is e case .
esarchers believe that eating beef cotainig ffa will ransmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim h devestated the British bef ndustry as people are too scared to eat beef in case they cntact the llnes .
Aleady the ale of beef in America ve dropped by about 15 % and in Brtain tey have droppd about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientiss say that to cntract CJ , part of the CS ofal must be coained within the eef .
customers are still reluctant to t th meat because it has me fom ome ' dodgy ' bucher trig to cut osts .
As you can imagine , th hs had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds wer the have mmedately roght out a nice stain that their beeburgers are made from 00% of their fiest , pure bee and ctain no offal .
In my view , no half - decnt restaurant with a god reputation would isk uyng poor eef in case a customer caught CJD and he managed to trc it ak to the restaurant .
An outside lie would mean they would be sued for several thousand dollars and would probably have to sl up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a ower need for bef cows .
his man said there would be an eess of bee ( or a beef mountain ) that could be sold .
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to increase in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of cim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , famers ( in particular bef farmers ) are sing out as they will have to sell their for a lower price due to the dmand .
As a result , they may have to divsify towards ther areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsdy .
I feel hat the evidence that E causes CJD was t trog enough before he clms were elased .
It ha theefoe causes an uneessary , deleterou effect on the agrcultural industry and bee market .
The quston of compnsaton f service rendered is ver so simple as remiting a predtermined salary based on qualificaion and a person 's dedication to the task at hd .
If one has preconceived notions concerning e 's salary , one will certaiy be disappointed sinc som employers are ue to alue their skills and abilities less than others . "
Cnribution to ocity " is subjectv and therefore impossible to compensate " qualy ' .
In the 90s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did n actually work for a living , but merely lved off the interests of their invesments .
The sok mrket experienced a boom , and sverl formerly working - class citizens became walhy d relied on the ida of retiring ary .
But several great authors of that period questoned the right of these investors to effectvely lv as arasits ; they received money , but they contributed only nothing to ociety .
People who inherit money or live in the interest of investos often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of exiteent that money can not buy .
However , almost unimied wealth changes people , both tse ar or into wealth a those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet ey seem to be pai miserably ?
A irant wok may sla away in a fied all dy og ad make les money in a da tan a wealthy person pnds on a tip at lunch .
He answ this question lies in one 's felings about Democracry .
Sme would aue that if a person is mat enough or uck enough to earn money for an ear etiremnt ( or for her children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather bad view wuld be that if someone works on a menial or physically taing job does ot get a fair or modeate salary then it is h or er n fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions ar bse on a rher fuly Amrian premise that all people are given an equal chance if what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparent , most people believe that they are underaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone eems to think that doctors make money for the or they do , ye nn of high doors r lowering their es ( they must think that it 's a fair pre ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealty people by making them work harder , or gi people who ae not walty mne that society os o believe hey deserv , we can not gve pay equal to cntribution to society .
I agree that in the past omens have had problems with societies re of what they are expected to do in the wrk place ad at me .
omn have been looked down on if they tried to get had and p ha difered th the sm j fr a man erses a woman doing the same job .
Goe is the age that the woman is required to stay oe .
ow a l of women work and the ones that want to stay hom do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's oles is the feinits .
Tse are group of people who have defended women over the years .
These people showed the modern world what women in the work place do .
The problem is that hse femiists do not look at all women .
Sme women we happy with old traditions , se wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted more in their lives .
Wha appen is tt all women have to go ong with thes fminiss rles .
Tis makes it hard , ecase if they do n't , they are looked down upon by heir piers .
An example is military women waning to serve in combat positions when at w .
Femnsts arge this a lt wh te Ia war wa gng on .
They felt hat women should have been given the chance to fgh .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Woen ju ca n't ght in a war very well .
h are n't stron eouh and if captured ould be rpe .
hey feel that it is t fa tat n ae th onl ons .
Other wen , tough , ar ld hat the rule in the Unied Stes stands as it does .
Femnist he talked about promotions in the work lac as not being air .
lo sexual harassment is invlvd in a lot of suits .
Mn women believe that they are he vtims .
I are ta five to n years ago thi migt have been true , t now my employer ae the vctims .
They are scared of what a woman can do d sometimes they get loked at difficult .
There are some things that women can do better han m d tee ae om hings hat men do better than women .
God would ve created us l the sam if th was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and it is impossible to do because they cn n be changed .
Mr and more ofce jos ae eing filled by he won up a lot of physical jbs are still filled by me .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the odernzation has changed everyone 's habits .
Diorce is at fifty percent an riig , women have more heart attaks , being mor stresful , n ids are beg moe neglected .
odernizaton is okay , but I ink think women should not be pressured into this if it is n fo th .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and unning more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what Nate intended them to do ...
Whether a movement is begun , whether it be political , rliious , or artistic , stereotypes uic to form .
Pepe norally associted wh politics , religion , or at are quickly lumed ito cteories regardless of individual differences .
is tragdy is orened by the tendey of ths outside vement to remember te rdica d ignore t ommn or ordinary .
This is especially true of the oen 's Liberatio Movement in America .
Since it started in the lt ninetenth entuy , Won 's Liberation s be adamant , and fen obstnate oppostion .
Some of the first adcals , Suan B. Anton and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed . They defeated their caue , because of their aggressive ctio .
At one time , fminits such as Emil Ickison were irtully ignored during their lives and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the waste .
This gnorance of other ess aggressive feminists , made it em as togh th fminis moveent as eaded oy by wl , isgruntled zalots and was therefore , detrimenal to the gd of society .
Although " radals " such as Sn and Anthony sem docile and backward in oden standards , th probl still exists .
From the very beginning , the Womn 's Movement in America has been fighting a long battl .
However , I contnd that the fault is with the adial mebes of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
hen omen 's Lib really oo o again in the late 1960s , it was gain destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on adicls like Stein , instead of the ousewife who returned to change a make a career for herself .
hose outsde h movement could nl see the difference between " normality " and Women 's i .
This is stl re twenty - fe years later .
With supporting eql p for omen and and thr " liberal " causs li affirmative action ae oly seen in the shadow of the a - burning , nt - shaving leaders of the 70s .
the good of their ase is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , th ppulr perception of them has .
For so any ear he go that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the ayide in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radica ideas .
Like ny other aspects and moveent in life , they would be re adiliy receivd if the public believed they were not so jaded .
Within this century there have en many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society th ha of a hundred years ago .
Clarl , of the invention of this century , e on that made the mo mact on wor iew and lifestyle is television .
This nstrment has brought the world iht int t ivng oo , making it possible to see li in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an asy way to aste tim ; on hs nly to turn it on to une ot raity .
eleviion has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cuturl programs bou fr away pces , d a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
Television has the per to brn the home as well as aristi expressions of those involved in e prgram production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture mor future .
However , this is not the way in which eleviion has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the ases , a way for people to flee from the coflicts te experence in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of mst Americans , television is regade as a divrsion ther tha an educational tool , as fre entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Milions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any ne ie , watching sit - ms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many ouseholds ; in many families , the ony time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is an ajr cause of lack of ogeterness foun in many Amercan milies , and it also results in an increase in loneliness .
he mr time one spends watching TV , th les motivated he becomes ; there is no easy way to eek worth activity whe it is mch easier to s on the couch , pck up t emote conto , and tae at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could only have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creativity vein , a look at wrld which can be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itelf .
However , throughout the years , television has lost uc of its iterety ; the pogras offered cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment spect of television s ffered society an escape from its problems and dificulties .
Therefore , since the invention of teleision , science has become more inormed but o lazy to ink about new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A dscovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , such as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for hile , its presence hasn't reall bee now until until recently , and its consuences ve been devistaing .
AIDS definitely has an impct on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to deat and there is no cue .
It caused a lot of prejudce and paranoia among everyone who has taken hem part .
For example , there is me of stgma attached to a homoseual male , not only because of thr sexual peference , but they robaby have AI too .
Tis in of ignorant thinking is breaking us apar .
Also , when Yan White , a boy w contaced IDS hrouh a blood trnsfuson wa digosed , the people of his own and his school treatd him like a complete oucast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With the new discovery of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Dotors are discovering that some undetetabl strand of ADS do exist .
This really scared people because they have AIDS and n even know it .
I feel this has really made people about their actions .
In Th Earl eightie " casual sex " in the United State is a wide accepted idea , and it is something people really tae ito consideration rarely occurs .
relationships eeme to be aled ore than on niht stands .
People are started to realize that they really do ha to be aeful , and with ore education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century saw more rs than any other previous oc of time .
Though advances in communication , transortaion , nforation shrin , the world as a body of people living in cls poximit , is rapidly sunk .
In the second of the world wars , h rae wa on to create the ms devasatin , the most powerful , and most frightening eapon our people ad ee known .
In my opinion , the discoey and arnes of the atom and its eery and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have ben mo significant factors of cage in our lifetime , if t , perhaps , in seera lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusin opportunities increased and improv , ear ban replaced nationalism , and our small world erected barriers eween its members .
From my experience as an American , I can rmember assocating commuis with nlear trat , Soviet citizs with ti - Chris , d OMB shelters , scrt cities for underground , and weapons obitig ur planet , with daly , normal le .
Perhaps this increasingly coon mentality is the worst efct of our nuclear , co war ag .
In a plae which desperately needs to focus on environmental and humanitara issues , my country spent unounable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testig , improvement , and impleenation .
As a commonplac goal , a testimonial landmark to 9 presidentia admiistrations , the cold war has manifestd awesome power an onrol over nearly every cet of Aeicana ; frm survival kits and aement bombshelters to an ever circulating chi Executive commandpost from th .
In just the ps three years , our famil has seen the dismtling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other saller ymbols of fredo , and an en to oppression in many circustances .
ith this , the walls , barbed wire , and etal barers are falling , bringng more change than you lant have seen since gnesis .
Although h l habis die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been rducd by sevra thoand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virually arived a stadstill .
Hopefully , with continued effort , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of tratey , desructin , and waste to matters of energy producion , mediine , and other humanitarian goals .
With these things of attitud , our frigid plet and cold neighbors ay on ain be a wm and friedl people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiic is ne of the greatest advances in medicine chemistry .
As a natural ntibiotic , pniillin was disoverd to have man used in sopping and preventing the spread of infections .
Th " wonder - du " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occrrng antibiotics that could also be clured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
Th sudden burst of usfu compounds not only improves the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a gret ned for medical chmsts to study and classify ech ew drug as a dicovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics developed , chemits began to wonder if certain variations of these dug could be sythesized and used as medicine .
It also attemped to increase the productn of the naturally - occurring ntibiotics hrouh sythesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medil chemistry , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older rgs cul be synesized effcently while ill emainig biologially active .
New drugs were ao yntheized ; some were found to be meially useful hie hers were not .
A variety of new drugs continue to appear on h aret and change the way people think about taking medicine .
It ws muc easier to obtain antibiotics or smpl illnesses , such as the autumn cold .
Hge enerprises , such as Upjohn , re formed ad rew , d universiies had research tam devoted to prodcig efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antbitics .
The discovery of ne comoun led to the ncrease of health of milioss of people , to the disovery of and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of heir uses still ontines today as thosands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the roducer of penicillin .
h mdern microcomputer ( PC ) as evolved at an incedibl as pc : rm the very first modern computer in the 194 's to the computers of today , there have be many technological advantages als ter hs been a tremendous impact on ociety .
The copuer a eliinatd man job through automation of factories ; accunting , engineerig , and other scentifi programs , etc .
he effects of computers have been tremndos ; however , the phenomenon is a cah-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a ment standpoint .
e physicl efcts of the computer are umeous d ealy en .
In ofces , the compue is everywhere .
From word proesors to sreadshet / database prgrams , computers and and offie wor ease and faster .
Auomaion of facories has also been eliminated ay mnul jb .
so almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other tngs computers are sd fr , u a lengthy stay is not necessary as everyone aledy knows ( except fr people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The ental efct of computers is two - fol .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatons so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has caused a surplus of " nedles " computations , figre , etc .
People eail do calcuus or other typ functions on a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers ke errs all te ie .
Granted , it is the person who " ld " the compute what to do that truly made an error ; However , if the person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would ve erroneous answers .
Mathematical modls , theoies , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors siply because there are many things people do n't now or ca n't pedict .
Due to high rrors freuently exist in the wrd of computes , because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of my " variables " .
Secondly , computers have someies become more relabe to people .
A computer 's cirits do n't get tired a , if programmed 10% correctly ( another perhaps impossible omputation ) , neer mae rors .
This supposed reliabilit has left many workers out of work .
The effets of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustraton , fa , a may other negative felins have sprn up simultaeouly with the rise of the computer Sage .
Clarly , there is evidnc of good and bad rsults from the advent of the modern ompuer .
It would be practically impossible to throw away he computer or nee use it again .
Yet there are prcticl solutions .
But grammar education is neeed fr everyone who ses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , urtaiing some heoreical programs could eliinate alarming preicions or erroneou results .
The key is probably in e cassroom .
People ould learn more about the ramifications of what hey e oin .
( This roably would require understanding of philosophy and psycholoy as well as mathematics and science . )
In eiter case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dsput their impact on people 's lvs .
A are , 1/2 gg , sometimes as lrg as a smll FT , with a metal arrw in its cener as changed the ze of t rld , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dis , rated in e last 0 yar , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has caused the Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century , is often laelled .
ot cerain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital toos used in society today , amongst world leder , trading companies , and the mdia , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Tner evolutionized the use of h atellite , wi h created of CNN , he Rou - the - lock , rnd - t - worl es station .
Presdents and dictatos alik swih te hannel to recieve first hand information about the ntwor , such as ipeachments , up d'etats or cvil wars .
Decison , of governmental autonomy , re bin made , based on tat nights news NN commentator .
Te leaders a pridents of enterprises such as Panasni and ORE refr to N , reate by stellite dish , on a daiy base .
Socks are an integral part of their livelihood .
he entertainment old as aen full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information e , wit t MTV g .
h creatin of MTV in 18 , has dramatically changed the entertainment usiess .
The mny poured io create videos , and the profts from viewership- ae had a stng ffec on the old ecomy .
40% of U.S. millionares are entertaiers .
T Saellte dh has also created distinct advantages r Cable TV and naal prgrams as well .
he intelligence of an erage teenager is lweing itself due to cable viewing , creatd by e satellite dish .
Naal porams ha wasted eceeding amounts of money in the Uited taes , due to t saellte dsh .
And one must forget space programs such as SRWARS .
The invention of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , s alered the verag independence of human beings for the better and sometimes wrse .
It created an nforation age , which cul be dngerus , a heihtened an enertiner 's lary .
Te pro d cn 's of e satellite dis are nervous .
The only obsevation hich ca be ae , is that : It h aterd people live signicantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for him better or worse .
The design of Atmi eneg , is unoubtedly the most awesome as el as terrbe inveton not onl of the 20th century bt of all time .
In 1945 , J. Rober Oppeneimer unveiled to the rld his invnton in h for tht is still mos fmiliar to us today : T Atomi bom .
The reason behind this eergy case is rote in its incredible power to control .
ver before had the world sen something th such a caacity to kill .
Never before ha an object of such small se been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most - inspiring and dangerous site in the world .
Unfortunately , with each pgressive da , the world 's eed for its dangerous energy aumnts .
Fr not only does it have the capacity to ki ,
bu als h caability to supply and energize the world .
The drawbck is t angr .
In tilizing this power in lants and facties we u the risk of contaminating your lan , lowing holes in your k , rendering or seas usless , and killing our species as well as the species of erth .
Although we have oer owe other aternatives , we still continue to use th dangerous inventions .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear s , we will escape harm .
lread as a result of pollution and ther various factors , we ave ols in or oon layer problems with our sol in many parts of the world .
It would be logica to think that the leaers of the world would confer and aspire to a sto to nuclear us in an effort to avoid further damage to the erh and its inabitans .
The saddes of is tragey is that they have been very efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
With e lk of respect for the plet that is the geneal ttiude of oay , hat is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a bad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which uclea energy is only a small pice .
Unfortunately , the a will soon come when the damage caused by ts apathy will be irreversable .
Ti is h it is iperatve to c tdy .
It tats wt o .
Write your locl congresan .
An invention of the 20th century thin has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the high arplane .
he extend to whi his invention hs altered people 's lives is astronomical .
T airlan opened ors to traveling and also broaded eole 's perptions of the entire world .
It also introduced a completely mposible concept which no human is capable of digging wihout a machine : the concept of flying .
Bore the invention of the airplane , lo distance traveling is a very difficult , tme consumin tsk .
For this reason , people id not travel extremely long distances and have the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures that are different from their own .
One could travel by bot but thi as inconvenient and often dangrous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatenng water ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and limited conept of h wrl .
I have learned a lot about my own lture jus frm ein in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can ait th before I cae to Sai vr ignorat about other cultures .
Even though I wanted wat he new and ead out other cutures I did not have the opportunity to witness the first ad .
The invention of the airpln opened many doors an oe ter do is international relations .
Since the invetin of t irlane the world has nceased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries ar le to communicate a negotiate face to face has improved drastically the estalishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the wole of communication sstem so .
Life with airples is ore rad pacd .
As , telephones , and nular eegy are just three examples of inventions d disoveres that have had pofound effects on modern ife .
We must remeber , hover , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the the century .
Another " discovery " of this past century a ee feminm , which has had a signifcant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the isu of fminism is nt a ne one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 100s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still typical as as the ideal to have a woman in the home , houskeepng and tending to children .
The irs signficant eqa rights mveent in the U.S. was in the 70s with the qua Rights Amendment , whh ailed .
Een toda , the woman is stll only ernig something like 60 ets or every dolar ht a man 's ears .
Feminism does not ny have to do with work or money , but lo wt e imge of wen .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rter , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we hlps to or the imge of women .
A recognition of such influence on the imae of omen is the first step in taking it down , so that wome are seen fo tey trul a .
Feminism is better described as a " discvery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that ot ye bcme mainstream .
Only when women have achived equality with men will there be a necessity for eminism , a discoveries have been completed .
he idea that has significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people ae ecome awa of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
We ealize that countries that with man eapos have the power to destro the world .
Als related to this topic is nuclear was .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and lnts .
We are ighting or acts to clan up our laks and ivers .
Companies are no longer le to reely dump heir wsts w / o being heavil fine .
People have also become concerned with natr .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ndig .
Now , hogh , we realize what we use , ned to be replacd .
For example , deforetation is a very i issue . ay grups hv fred to pan more trees .
We also realize our fosl fels ed to be used more conservativey .
Another important topic we are aware of is ecycing .
Ths links 2 sses , one of them oducing many nonbiodeadable roducts and the other of reusn what we have .
( Recycln in a small way also helps those w / o hme b / c they rcive ony for their cllections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important isue is tt of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assued u energy s never ending .
Now though people are inclind to turn off their lights when they 're not in their room , to leave tps running and basically not to aste u natural resources .
We reaze that onservig is not beneficial to our environment because it is al saves money .
We ha ao become more considerable of ou anial le .
We are no longer abe to kl animals free .
We do till rse som for food but hunting is limited and we are all awre of the possibilitis of extiction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to tae more precutins .
The idas above are just a few of the topics we are nw concerned with .
But we are eading in the right direction and hopfu by the 1st century we will ha fixe everything we have destroyed !
Computers have defnitey fected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost l the information I need for hool or other things in my computer , whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of l srs . I no longer eed to keep his records but only to transfer thm to my computer .
This means I 'm able to soe more information in an orgized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer ability , I 'm still ware of the tremendous opportunites hich I have or will have .
Asde rm ing abe to stor great amounts of information , I 'm also al to rocess and to doing things uickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balanc my heckbook ne a month and had to ths w/ a calculator , a n and a piece of paper .
Of course , this is very time - consuming and open to error . With the se of a computer , I have progammed the computer to mk the clculations which I ce d to master .
Also , w/ the s of the Word Processor I have to edit and rerange documents w / out altern the ntir documents , ad Furthermore , hogh I have ye to use the communication pogram on my computer , this proram seems to be extremely helpful .
My father s the same pogram in s computer ad is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and mreover w / out pickng up the hoe .
So , I ralize that my experience w/ computers is limited and the power of computers , r me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now in Madrid .
o did I get there ?
Wel , I applied to ti Rogrm , w accepd , and lew her om h US .
Bt , w / ou the s of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secret in the International rogams Office at Bton University , no obt .
Instead , I applied to the program- h application r which was probably computer gnerated- I assume my in was procesed by a computer .
W / o this luxury , the International rogras Offi would inevitably undated w/ paperwor things would therefore be lost or misplaced .
Wen booking my fight , though I d not do hs mysf , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of omputes .
Computers made a significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An inveton of the cetry that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV alws instantaneous communication of ideas , ages , ne , etc .
No , if something is happening in any ar of the world- from acss town all the way to eiing -- every prsn in the world ca atc this event as it is appenin .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks o ws ( which consisted of second - or hrd - had accounts , which always invoved mh interpretation and distortion ) , now ty can make it happen , for temslves , as it is happening , ths allows em to make ther own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necesary- uch as te gathering of oppositin to a certain aw -- it can be made immediately , whil the mtions are sill srog , a before e acion is finlized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at est everybody who watches ) receives the same inlw of information and dea .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japanese speak and , they also ople fo different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , hs is n prt of the process of making the world a " smaller " , or unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist called his world of the Informatio Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through terature and dma , people lar different messages about life .
They can se various actions acted out to their themselves , and understand the conequeces of hee ction , wthot have to pefor the sam actos and xperince t onsequencs for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV ows always accrae portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify iolnce , as well as making ie seem to go guy lwys ns , d alays lies hru dangerous situations .
However , his ense of reality is not so distorted , and so hot that people are ing around acting like Sprman .
As long as one has a well - developed ense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we are in .
The waters of the culunary ea he been calm d consistn for centuries .
Progress as move slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves always showed little change .
However , with the daybreak of the twentyth century , a som has brewed .
th These storm waters have changed and spawned a wave that has cshed upon the ock of every kitchen .
This wave is the microwave .
Ner bfore ha sh an inventio revolutionized science like this .
A complee brea bee forged in the food is prepared .
At e aw of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over oe fires .
As Histr progresed , spis and barbeques merged .
Tchnolog aw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fule by coal .
In modern times , gas and electricity rage as to stape .
l these things had e thin in common : FIR .
Fame , the surce of life , is always used to repar ol of men through history .
However , e microwae uses radation to exce water particles in food , thus creting friction , which creates ha .
Th is an ime example of tinking ha ds not follow in d foostps bu breaks ay om convenience and forges new routes .
If his were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 00 years ago that you could cu cooking time in half , d not e ire , they would have thought you raz , or bewiched , or unde he inflnce of heavy drugs .
In an age when ti is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hurs in the kithen .
A mother who works , c whips up something in a minute in the microwave , whereas before s would ben savin in e kiten .
The mcrwave is excellent for re - heting making it easier for people to make cess food to be eaten later .
Again , tie is nserved -- children ae abl to use their iple devices without parntal fear of fires starting .
Fr As I av sa bere , there is no fir !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the izzng pe of ie tat mt of us lead in the two centurys .
Throughout the story o can e at great revelations in all areas come rm beaks in tradition , insight , different perspectives .
All that was needed to clean the microwave , which is essential nwadas .
Eating is something everyone must do .
TS device has sped up os important activities and thus revolutionized ie in the pac 20 cntur .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that he had 2 major important inventions that made possible the idea of a reessive government ee the machine gun and the rdio .
A machine gun c be needed to keep civil peace , efore arshll L .
The adio can be used to communicate ias ude a dictatoship , propaganda .
In the 0th Century , the machine gun did not changed that many lives ( except r those tha it killed ) , but the invention of the radio made a trmendous mpact .
The ide behind the radio is siple .
Thee is oe tranmitter and it sends signals through the air , ave , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of nformatio ad enterinment .
Dio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can comprehend o o lives would be different .
Every morning I listen for the weather frast and dress acordngly .
At night one can i by the ado and ha how the events of the day unfolded .
Radi , ene , gives people the option of becoming pasive obsevers rather than active participants in news making proes .
espapers ad been around r ay years bt it was not untl the inention of radio that the power of the media bcae eidet .
Radio gives us the ability to reach more people , istantly .
As a father of entertainment , radio and TS MT imortan and now more common ofshoot , television , changes people 's lives .
A pical day fo a hil in today 's wor , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have eve be fms of entertainment , for example ideogames , ma fo ti other fr of entertainment .
Nowdas everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and fr h TV is the best tin in the world .
e sits in rot of it all ay a it keeps h hap .
Television ffrs soap operas , game hows , sit - oms , sporting events , movies and much more to eep us enertaine 24 hours a day .
In hrt , I d ' t know what life was like before adio , but its invention has changed te y we e and do thin .
A urrent ideology in the United States tdy is one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of science ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when e does not do this , ne fail .
One c e the ideas in popular media every .
TV comercials and TV programs project models of what one should be .
In the 20th century , the vles of the United States a founded have changed in meaning and sense we apled to modern day America , nothing w ve qal .
d today , since the inenion n uiliztion of modern technology suc as ompuers lf for aerians oves at a much faster pc .
People are more mobil , c work more , and buy more things , bt ime o eaxation and family are often substued with TV . In America , this growing indvidualistic society , one olonger se the realitive hmaness between people , instead ne sees differences , e uluky , the unuccesfull , and attribute thier inaequay to achie to a ck of effor .
With everyone moving at such a fa pa , the aps are easy to miss , the oices of the mass media easily replae those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine tat ned oiled and eglated .
Voltaire wrote Cadide , an iterary sty known as Neolasicism at is pk .
There was a school of schoars in France , l'caemie Français , that set guidlines for French literature .
According to l'Academie rançi , all iteratur of the Neoclassic period must follow the ruls of propriety whh regulated th uhor should avoid certa topi , inclding sx , vioence , hurch , and state issues .
Anthe standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimlitue , making literature as realistic as possible by eepin the tie , setig a plot ru to if .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew a hese regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , whe singing Candide , Voltaie defied the Academ 's rles .
adide is a prod on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked literature to have good manners : they i not want to sep on ayne 's toes by mentioning sex , violnce , church , or tae sues .
In Cadide Voltaire d not seem to mind steping on OS - in fact , he did not nd smashing fee !
Voltaire et beyond his comfort level when he meniond sex .
He heard of the two girls of Rellin who ee lovers of monkeys , and of te Bron who bathed with the Musslman and was nished for a homoexul act .
e turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and winessed his murde while he a on o of her .
The ise old woman undewen the remova of a utock by pirates , as well as experience one .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he receivs 10 lashes for his sin .
Candide tbs t Bron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baon orbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Irnically , lthough Voltair metons many acts of iolenc , each act is treatd ightl : Cunegode and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the ron also continues his ae ith stye after tling of his beating ; and afe Candide " kils " the aon , he leaves to search r Cunegonde with no seod hught unl he reencounters the Barn lter in h travels .
The light atitud in which the acts of sx and violin are written shs the parody fo in which Voltaire writes Canide .
Voltair ooses not to stay away from the church ad stae issues .
He atracts the hippocracy of te Curc to the old wmn 's father being the person .
When Candide visits the la of Eldorado , Voltre shws he people 's erfct relationship to God : they ol praise od because there is nothing th wt from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to od in an unralistic situation to foil society 's mperfet relationship with d in the al wrld .
Voltair mke f of aristocracy in his description of t Barn , who cae frm 71 generations of nobility but still lac gentilesse .
Cadde and his companions meet with 6 dethrond kin who represent the overimportance of city places in hierachy .
In his portrayl of the utopian society of Eldoad , Voltaire tois the imperections of ur society .
According to Lue , 35% of homicd victims r ill by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 a lower than Lunde 's thesis .
Frustration is the main factor impicted in these trageis .
Most cases ar tose of the " trigger puling finger " .
Today , racial preudce still exist , but less acton has taken place han 30 years o .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bs , vot , or go to school with wit people .
Dsegragation redue some preudce , bt it tll xists .
One difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the cliet to be xtremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
Tat person would then be obligaed to do nice things bac and etun favors .
Hi is based on eauity theory .
It would be betr or the lient to do ic things for e person that it would be to k a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north and comes to live in the south must be preudice toward Blacks at irst .
After lvin in the south for a while , they may adopt southern tttudes tward Blacks a fel prejudice towards them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move nth .
They me to feel prejudice toward ew .
I know someone who has lived l or t world .
He is prejdce owar Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He aopte white titudes against minorities in the different regons he has lived in .
Our country has been coined a " melting - t " iferrig th we all coe om difernt that we come from different backgrounds but ve joined or mele together to produce homogneou Americans .
t a person strange , as we are ealizig , is important to the sense of self and commuity .
Ehnic American culture he been revivin and trying to reestablish roots hat we once looked ff to a model U.S. ctien .
T differences he are rediscovering nly add mr color , flavo a ecitement to ha brewin " o " of ur people .
However , sme individuas and even grou of Americans recting negatively to this ethnic exploin ( een most clearly through the RS ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They chose to rmai indifferent to the plihts of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weisel , author of uch books , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
h oposte of love , believe , intelligence , liht , j , life and growth are t eir familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American lieratue ris to fight this indifference by vivil and unquey expressing certain aspects of different Meican cultures .
The gamut of ehnic American literature is without bounds .
Each grop has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it writing unique .
In many cases , words used in ehni American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For istace , Native American poetry is ore expessive ad isal partl because heir laguae is eepy rootd in the obseratio of the ntual evironent .
Chinese merian Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
Africa mercan literature is often meloous and the rhythm mirrorng the similar achievements in Jazzy and ues music .
These exercises ( and more ) give us some insght to thr cultures we would otherwise never ow .
T stories told in this genre of literature , owever , re likey the impotnt spect of Ehnic Amercan literature .
It is through the experiences of e characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
We know of the tials and harsips that they wnt though we can sympethize with their emotions and r to accept that diersity .
The sores of black American slaves and of concentration cam vctms r necessary to avoid indfference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic merica lterature benefits U.S. citizens in mny wys .
It opens our eyes to the rlity of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the old arund us .
It helps us to ndersand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us a lot of common ground on which to ive , nd rw , and proper .
Hopefully we will soeay fulil ie Weisel 's goal and end indfference ; this literature is a se in the iht drection towards acptance in the divesit of our country .
Different is bautifu !
Iolene on television can be en out may channels th cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours aily , the prvalence of violnce in broadcasts is a serious concern .
television progrmming in the United States is considered the most important in advanced industrialized nains ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch volen TV sos because the ation thills sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Vioece is common in TV entertainment-- the damas tt portray stories about crime , psychological murderers , poice ases , emergency services , intrational terrorism , war ( Hepbu 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and many people disagree about its effects on children .
he V - chi is an elctrica device that blocs up violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Seate Comerce omittee , are not satisfied with it .
T Senate Commerce Comttee approved ils cratin a partial bn on TV violence and a so - called rport cd that would dentify stations carrying violent programming and th advertisement spooring it .
The bis would apply to broadcastig d cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Sm of the prooals to antiviolence are as follow : h Senate V - chi , t ouse V - chip , a Technology nd , a Vilene Saf Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
Tese proposals cold ok if Conress d som uppor .
T National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " ling on a stram of proposals to build up an unprecedete federal censosip bureaucracy " .
Th N also insisted that the brodcaster already responded to concerns about violence on television ( Strn 1 ) .
ome teeviion shows sh iolene because it apeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a murder , tn he murder must happen .
oe pole may not nt an actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
an made for television movies says that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advied , but ho many aents actually watch television it their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examntion of the broadcast networks ' programming drng the 15 - 15 sason has concluded that siniste combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - mrnin cartoons ( enen 1 ) .
o muh violnc is hee ?
The most violent cartoon re ' Teenage Mutant Nij Trtls ' , ' Spider a ' , and some ' ugs Bnny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows ontaining sinister comt volece , well that is definitely up to the vieer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to add textre to the show and not to poion children 's minds .
The infamous V - ip ay stops people showing fom their own to children , but one day that child will see iolence and they ill have to ea with it , rationally or n .
